4	I really like the sauce here. I think the it's darn good. It's nice 'n tart and sweeter than some, but that's how I like it. The meat is tender but not mushy. I can't claim that I'm a BBQ expert but I know what I like. The sides of beans, coleslaw, potato salad, & corn are good too.BTW, this location is newer and has less "character" than the Phoenix ones, so that could be a good or bad thing, depending.
5	There is another Honey Bear's at Thomas & Central in Phx.  Both locations have great BBQ sauce - not too spicy, but makes you want to eat more of it.  Great spot for relatively inexpensive lunch.
3	Barely 3. Its kinda like a joke of a BBQ. May be you never had one? Maybe you are senile can not remember how BBQ should be? Maybe you never ever had any food before? Whatever the reason might be, i am not sure. All i do know is that place is pricey and not very good. It will extinguish your hunger but it does not taste good doing so. "Bleah"
3	I went here to compare to Big City BBQ in Mesa. This place is decent. The BBQ is good, but not great. I would go here more for lunch than a dinner.
3	Marie and I decided to do a little shopping today so we drove across I-10 from Ahwatukee to Tempe to check out Ikea and Costco.  After strolling through each of the big stores and not buying anything that could spoil in the heat of the car, we stopped at Honey Bear's BBQ for a late afternoon lunch/dinner.We've eaten here once before having a good tasting pulled pork sandwich with sides, but this second time we both had a hankering for some pork ribs.  In my usual style, I ordered a full rack with a two sides of potatoes, one fries and the other potato salad. Marie decided to have 1/2 rack of ribs with two sides, cole slaw and a corn on the cob.  She also has a beer and I went with a RC cola.Now my thing with Honey Bear's is with the staff.  They are nice to you, take your order quickly, but they are a bit stoic, standoffish.  And this could be just me, but I feel like they need reassurance that I know a bit about BBQ, like I need to say "Hey I'm experienced! I've traveled this great country and have eaten BBQ in Kansas City, St. Louis, Chicago, Memphis, Virginia and some back woods joint in South Carolina." Like I said, this is most likely my personal issues coming out, but this is how I feel while I'm ordering our meal.  Everything came to about $40.00 with small tip.We scoop up some extra BBQ sauce, which is very tasty, not over powering, IMHO.  Takes about 10 minutes to assemble our order.  When it comes to the counter, I'm already in motion and on my way before the guy can say our number.  The tray has way more ribs then either of us can eat in one sitting.  We both dig in with our hands, lifting the ribs to our faces dripping in their excellent BBQ sauce and begin to pull the meat from the bone with our teeth.  Now on their soda cups Honey Bear's states and I quote "You don't need no teeth...to eat our meat." They may mean the pulled pork, but I found that the meat didn't fall off the bone; you did need teeth to pry the meat from the bone of these ribs.  The meat is dry, tasty but dry.  That didn't stop me from finishing off all but four of my full rack plus the fries and potato salad.  I love the potato salad, with its taste of pickles.  Mmmmm.  Except for two pieces, my girl stripped her ribs clean.Marie got a "to go" box from the counter woman, and we piled in my leftovers to take home for a late night snack.
4	One of the better BBQ joints in AZ. Four might be a high mark as far as a authentic BBQ goes. But I go back often enough to give it more than three.The sauce is great, the pork and beef are great. Messy just like it's supposed to be.
3	Honey Bear's is no Joe's BBQ in Gilbert but I actually enjoy it. I usually get the pork sandwich and potato salad and I find myself going here. I like the BBQ sauce and the quality of the meat is good. If I'm in Tempe and want BBQ I usually go here.
3	i've gotten lunch here a few times and it's pretty much Meh,. yea the bbq is pretty good. most are. there are really good sauces, and there are some that are so vile that i would make any body vomit.Honey Bear's sauce is in the middle it's good, but not great. the meats are pretty good. but nothing to write home about, or anything that will win national awards on teh  BBQ meats circuit. if you forced to eat in a 1 mile drive from work, this place will do fine. if your coming from far away...just stay away.
5	Best BBQ in the Phoenix area, and for the record, my favorite place to eat in the city. I have lived here for most of my life and have yet to find anything better. The Meat is Delicious and the sauce steals the show, its wonderful and is always served up hot and all you want is available. many BBQ places give you a ketchup bottle of thick cold sauce and it ruins your hot sandwich. oh, and these are not the best ribs i have ever had, its the BBQ Sandwich that is the must eat. Also they have superb seasoned fries that go perfectly with the sandwich. I have had many other bbq places in the city, Including JOE'S in gilbert, but Joe's just isn't in the same category as Honey Bears. The meat is tough at Joe's and the sauce is averge.
3	3 star average (4 stars for the BBQ sandwiches, 2 stars for everything else)I've been to Honey Bear's a couple times because I really like their Chicken BBQ sandwiches, and I'm told the pork ones are very good too. Unfortunately, it's not an enjoyable place to dine. Although each time I"ve gone there are plenty of tables to choose from as it's never busy, it's lucky if you find a clean one. The combination of dirty tables and the demeanor of the employees just gives me a feeling of being unwelcome, like I better hurry to eat and run. My other issue with Honey Bear's is the price. It would be nice if the sandwhiches came with a small side. Speaking of which, the fries aren't bad, but nothing to rave about either.If you are looking for take out or catering, I definitely recommend the food.  Just don't come here for the ambiance :)
3	Hmmm...one of the best BBQ chains in town and this location has no reivews?  I'm a big fan of the Van Buren location and have only tried this location once...and got sick !!   I think it was the potato salad as it had a funny taste to it. I ended up not finishing the PS and just ate my sandwich.  Later that night it was not a pretty sight and I have not been back.  I do still visit the VB location all the time though...great BBQ.
5	I just have one thing to say WINGS!!!! Wing Wing Wa, Wing Wing,Wing Wing! This location has the best BBQ wings. Go for the BBQ Wings and an Ice cold beer! And you can watch sports there TOO.Unfortunately I have not been down to this location in a long time. I am closer to the Central location and go there regularly for the Friday FISH Fry! The Central Location serves up the best Catfish in town! ****They deliver for Catered orders.
4	I know the main thing is BBQ but on Thursday evenings and all day Friday they have Catfish and it is great. At least half of my trips to Honey Bears is for the catfish. Try the BBQ and the catfish.
3	this place actually deserves 3 1/2.Like the sauce, like the bake beans. they put kilbasa in the beans I think.  I like going there, and it is right near work.  Ribs, chicken, are all good, though I do wish it fell off the bone a bit more. (personal preference)Not best bbq i have ever had but certainly decent and enough to go back often.
1	So for around $5 you get a sandwich which consists of meat on bread and a teeny squirt of BBQ sauce. I added a side of slaw for $1.50 and it came in a cup the size of a side of ranch. You order your food and then they call out your number and you go get your food on a tray from the front counter. Like in a fast-food restaurant. No one is serving you. Why is there a line for "tip" on the receipt? Make your way down the counter and the soda fountain has RC and Big Red... now there's something you don't see everyday! My sandwich (pork) was dry as hell and featured more than a few rough edges in there, but not to worry, there is a giant vat of community BBQ (eek!) sitting next to the RC fountain. Oh, and the bun for the sandwich is pretty soft. The sauce is a bit sweet, no heat to it at all, no depth... no thanks.Dirty tables, dirty bathroom with no paper towels left in the dispenser so I had to use a paper toilet seat cover to dry my hands. The cole slaw was tasty, tho. So... yeah.
3	got three mini burgers (one beef, one pork, one chicken) for $5. the meat's unfortunately dry, but the buns are good and the spicy barbecue sauce has a good kick.
2	I've ate at honey bears a couple times because I really like BBQ but this place just doesn't do it for me. The sauce is very different because its more like a broth than a sauce. The sauce or broth doesn't have too much flavor.Each time I've enjoyed the flavor of the meat (Pork and Chicken) but the sauce and the sides just kill it for me. The Potato salad is very bland without much flavor.Overall the meat is very good and would be the only thing that I would order. There are many other great BBQ restaurants in Phoenix that top Honey Bears.
4	We stopped for take out ribs!  Don't be fooled by the outside of the building, there's lots of space inside, it's clean and well lit. We were greeted as we walked in the door, placed our order (using a Groupon Coupon too).  We waited for just enough time to purchase treats from the gumball machine in the front.By the time we got home we could hardly wait to dig in.  With bibs in place we opened the huge plate of ribs, one full rack with two giant sides and two melt in your mouth dinner rolls.  Wow, the kids and I couldn't finish all the ribs.  The sides didn't stand a chance!The ribs were pre-sauced and as we read on other reviews, not as zippy as we wanted, that was easily resolved with some Franks Red Hot Sauce.  The fries were crispy and seasoned nicely, not too much season salt and not over done.They had other specials and a couple of TVs that would have made a nice stay, but we wanted to relax at home.  We really enjoyed the ribs and will make it a point to try the other items they offer!
3	We really wanted to like Honey Bears. As far as BBQ goes, this was a perfectly average meal. My side salad was ok, corn was very good, pulled chicken was very dry and the roll it was on (got sliders) was store bought. No amount of sauce made the chicken juicier. Unfortunately the sauce had no character-was just sauce. While we are on that, flies were all around the sauce. My husbands ribs were ok but not very meaty. We are hitting all the BBQ joints in the area as we just moved here. We won't be going back here unfortunately.
2	I would much rather have tried the Downtown location, but, lo, I was dating a guy from Gilbert.  That lasted 2 weeks.  The date, not the food.Good enough, I guess.  I had some sandwich but it wasn't very memorable.  It came out pretty quickly, even though it was 5 minutes to closing time.  I'm guessing it was microwaved.I'll definitely go back, just not to this location.
4	I wouldn't say that overall, this is the best BBQ place in the valley but for what I get there, its the best. I have tried their pulled pork sammich and was not overly impressed. However, what I am impressed with is their hot link sammich, BBQ beans, and their corn on the cob. The hot links are juicy and spicy, the beans are thick and have lots of meat in them, and the corn is actually a large ear of corn that doesn't taste like the frozen kind. The sauce is very good as well. When I want a simple BBQ sammich and a few sides, this is one of the places I think of.
1	There are some mighty fine BBQ joints in the Phoenix area - This ain't one of them.The good: The people were friendly and helpful. The restaurant is laid out nicely and clean. The selection of side dishes is good. Tasty rolls. They carry Big Red soda.The So-So: The ribs, what a shame. The texture and taste seem to indicate they were steamed or boiled. They are fall of the bone soft, but lack anything resembling flavor. My spare ribs had a ton of cartilage.The BBQ sauce was not bad, not inspired, but certainly better than the ribs they were on. The potato salad did more of a service to the BBQ sauce than the ribs.The Bad: The price! $19 for a rack of less than mediocre ribs!I'm not likely to voluntarily return here soon.
5	Honey Bears is the best. Get over you coupon issue dude.
1	Why, oh why, do I keep giving Honey Bears a chance?  We were about to go to Happs' for lunch, and for some reason, I suggested Honey Bears.  Now Happs' is not great BBQ, but I am still regretting my decision to skip them today.  My coworker called Honey Bears an 8.5.  8.5!So, what is wrong with Honey Bears?  Well, here it is in a nutshell: $11 for an extremely greasy pulled pork sandwich, some beans, and a bad fountain root beer.  I opened my sandwich up no more than 30 seconds after it was wrapped, and the entire bottom half of the bun was so soaked that half the meat came out during my futile attempt to pick it up.The beans, well they were pretty good.  I've already mentioned the root beer, though.One of my coworkers got the sliders, and they also had that soaked bun problem, and not nearly as much meat as the picture depicted.When a restaurant has a menu as limited as Honey Bears', they darn well better do a good job on each dish.  If the food were reasonably priced, I'd say it's the McDonald's of BBQ... But you're paying almost as much as you'd pay at Famous Dave's, without anywhere near the quality.
3	Pretty good lunch, not the best but not the worst. The service by it's employees though is outstanding.Ordered the #4 (sandwich, 2 ribs, side w/ drink) cost over $11... $4 more for two extra runs that tasted great but had almost no meat on them. Should've just stuck with the basic combo without ribs.Line moved very quickly and before I could even pour my drink my food was up. The beef was good enough that it'd make a good snake/lunch throughout the week so I got a pound to go, still filling a little hungry for dessert I had enough cash for a piece of pie but they gave it to me for free before I could even put my hand in my pocket.Food: 3, Price: 2, Service: 5 but this restaurant is more of a "fast food" style/design so I'll rate it by the taste/price... 3. I'll revisit them for sure, maybe the rib scenario was a fluke.
5	I'm from TN and Honey Bears bq pork is as good as any you could get in TN.
1	Come on guys.  You can do better than this.  The Van Buren location does.We showed up around 6:30pm with Groupon in hand.The place was dirty, the BBQ cauldron was nearly empty, and the cashier/waiter brought us spare ribs when we ordered baby backs... he brought us spare ribs twice... after I had to ask twice to get the baby backs we ordered.  Seriously???  We just left.
3	Honey bears offers a different type of BBQ sauce, it's the runnier kind that also packs more of a kick. I personally prefer a thicker sauce but this one is still tasty. They keep some warm out in the open for you to help yourself which is nice. I think that for such a casual place the prices are pretty steep. The sandwiches, even the large size, are not very large and everything is priced ala carte so you end up having a hefty bill if you want a decent sized sandwich with a side and a drink. This probably wouldn't be the first place I'd run to if I was craving BBQ but it's decent.
1	I was browsing new reviews on Yelp, as I am wont to do, when I saw a 5-star review for this place. That reminded me that I had once tried the terrible food here about a year ago but I did not bother to write a review about it. The review I read was for a different location so it is possible some of the others are better, but the one in Tempe is a definite "NO". I got a pulled pork sandwich and the bread was so soggy that it was inedible. Not soggy in a good way from saucy goodness but like the meat and been kept hot in boiling water and they took it out and just plopped it on the bun and then squirted some bbq sauce on top. My husband had ribs which tasted like they had been cooked several hours ago and then reheated in a microwave. I don't remember much else about the food but I do remember that the restaurant was so dirty and unwelcoming that we got our food to-go even though we were originally planning to eat there. It was just a bad vibe. I know there are not a lot of options for good bbq in phx but I heartily recommend staying away from this place. On a related note: If anyone can tell me of a place in the valley that serves Texas style barbecue then please, please contact me. My husband is actually pressuring me to move back to Houston because he can't find a place here that serves beef ribs.
2	I quote my fellow Yelper, "Come on guys.  You can do better than this."   We showed up around 6pm with Groupon in hand, and I was glad we'd planned to get our dinner to go (not a real appetizing place to relax/dine). My husband and I had ribs which tasted like they had been cooked several hours ago and then reheated in a microwave. They lack anything resembling flavor. We had a side of coleslaw and even that tasted awful (how do you mess up coleslaw?!). There are some mighty fine sauced BBQ joints in the Phoenix area - This ain't one of them. And the price! $19 for a rack of less than mediocre ribs! (I was so glad I had a Groupon and didn't pay full price.)On a side note: if anyone knows of a great dry-rib pork BBQ joint in Phx PLEASE tell me! I haven't had them since we passed thru a small town in Texas almost 2 years ago and I'm craving them like crazy!
2	Went in with a Goupon and ordered a rack of ribs "to go".  The place wasn't very busy, but the manager had to step in to facilitate the food preparation.  In took a while to get my order.  When I got home (10 minutes) the spare ribs were cool, dry and chewy with limited/no flavor.  They apparently got them out of wherever they store them, heat'em up and pour on some sauce.  I can cook ribs better at home, and so can the majority of Americans.I've experienced better, I've made better, and I don't plan on going back.
4	This is the Honey Bear's no one knows. Its amazing that the staple of downtown Phoenix cuisine is so obscure here in what is essentially the heart of the sprawl that is Tempe/Chandler/Ahwautukee (Phoenix).Nonetheless, Honey Bears still comes through, with some of the tastiest BBQ sauce I've ever had and a super tasty selection of meats with fries...so good!The chicken cup is ridiculously good, it was my first intro to HB and I still don't know what its supposed to be called, its a cup of chicken with BBQ sauce! The sausages are perfect here! If you are passing by or live near here, check it out!
4	Tasty tasty bbq.  Fall off the bone smoked chicken is my favorite here.  Good cowbro beans and collard greens.  I like the bbq sauce they use here too- tangy, not overly sweet, with a little bit of heat.  We usually split the chicken and ribs combo.  For $17.99, you get a sizeable plate of bbq chicken, ribs, and 2 sides.
5	The food is simply awesome! The bbq sauce is soooo good I could eat that alone! My wife bought a Groupon (really good idea) because now I just found a great new place to take friends and family...
1	Lesson learned: Don't ignore your instincts, and don't walk into a store whose signage is only 1/4 lit up on a Saturday night!Why, Oh why did I drag myself out of the car when I saw the telltale signs of a disastrous meal ahead! The person at the counter is obviously not interested in his job...he never made eye contact, never greeted us, and later we saw him hanging out with his pals inside the store. He seemed to have too much time on his hands...on a Saturday night! We ordered a full plate of ribs and sides of potato salad and mac and cheese. The best thing I liked about the meal was the salad, which should definitely not be the case for a BBQ restaurant!The table tops were greasy, the food was served on styrofoam plates, and there were two huge open trash containers parked inside the restaurant! One was right near the condiments counter, and I was thoroughly disgusted! Honey B, can you at least put a lid on your trash?The food, well, the less said the better. Microwaved ribs, chewy and tough, slathered with nothing-amazing BBQ sauce. Blah! Oh and my 7-up...I don't know what liquid they were serving under the guise of 7-Up. It was some watered-down flavored thing. Disgusting!The whole place had an atmosphere of neglect and abandon. So much so that my friend even asked the guy at the counter if they were closing down! Oh Honeyyyy!
1	Don't waste your time or money. Mediocre sandwiches, too expensive because they come with no sides at all, not even a plate; you have to eat off the wrap it comes in and below average service. I'll never go back.
1	You can certainly tell which reviews were written by friends, employees or owners.The beans were the only item with any taste. Soggy meat, held in hot water, sauce that didn't  qualify as sauce.I've had bad, however this tops the list!
5	I love Honey Bear's!  I've been visiting their restaurants for years.  I've been to the one on Van Buran, the one on Central and this one in Tempe.  They have the runniest sauce on earth but dang it tastes great!  I love the pulled pork sandwiches but not the long lines at lunch.  When I went after 1pm in the afternoon I stood in a line of one - me.
4	Delicious!!!  Tried other BBQ places but this is the best.  I love that I can get the BBQ on the side and TWO meats on one sandwhich.  Not a fan of the sides except the Mac n Cheese.  Clean and cute decorations and speedy service.
4	Honey Bears is where I go for my quick meat fix and I'll tell you why.  It is conveniently located near my house, and I have no doubt that this is true of everyone who is reading this review on Yelp, and they have lots of meat.  If for some reason you are unsure of what to order, let me break it down for you.  Order the choice of two combo sandwich with pork and hot links with a side of fries.  Skip the soda because soda is unhealthy.  But if you have to get a soda, get the Big Red.  Isn't that cool, they have Big Red.  Why pork?  I tried the beef once, and let me just tell you that it is no pig.  Why hot links?  It is the closest thing they have to sausage.  What you do is take the half with the hot links and eat it first.  Just dip the whole open faced sandwich into the BBQ sauce and eat it one delicious bite at a time.  After savoring the hot links, you'll realize that you still have half a sandwich left, but that you are a little buned out.  So instead of eating the other half of your sandwich the same way you just ate the hot links, what you need to do is take each French fry and use it like some nan or pita to scoop up some of the pork, dip it into the BBQ sauce, and eat it.  The fries have way too much salt, but that just seems to make them taste better than those fries that have just a lot of salt.  You may need to drink a gallon of water after the meal, but let me tell you this, you won't be hungry.  In fact, you may have a little bit of a stomach ache if you weren't able to stop when realized that you were full.  It happens and you'll still be thirsty.  But you won't be hungry.
1	Wow, I had eaten here before and it was good. But today was another story. Ordered the Pork BBQ sandwich and beans. Waiting for my food, I noticed there were multiple flies in the restaraunt which is not a good sign... Then I got my food. Now, I like a good BBQ sandwich and was looking forward to this!  BUT, the bun was wet on the bottom, and when I picked it up, the meat fell through. It was not wet with bbq sauce either. It was more like water, which was slightly disgusting. I tried to eat the meat with a fork- there was almost no BBQ sauce and NO flavor.   I threw it in the trash and left. I was very dissatisfied.
5	we walked in, it was a ghost town at 5pm, walked up- ordered our dishes and special priced beers ( Stella and Shock top ale super cheap) and like 30 seconds later it was called out ready to go!! My bf says he sees this place smoking all their stuff early in the morning and the result: DELICIOUS RIBS!!! literally fall off the bone hell- i could have EATEN the bone it was all slow cooked to perfection. Baked beans, potato salad all delicious. I made a point to compliment the owner and he treated me to their HOMEMADE ice cream (vanilla bean) to take home =-) we WILL be back and this time, I'm bringing more people. I tell as many people I can about this unknown treasure we have finally discovered.
3	O have had strange experiences here. The service was not good, but the food was. Not sure what to make of this place!
2	I was originally put on to going here by a good friend of mine last year and had forgotten about it until just the other day. I decided to take my girlfriend here on our date night and it was easily the worst decision I had ever made.When we first arrived, I could tell there was going to be a problem from the get-go. The "server", if you can call him that, was sitting in the main part of the restaurant, on his phone, and seemingly begrudged that we had stepped in the restaurant. After being unable to give me any direction or recommendations whatsoever, I ordered two BBQ Chicken sandwiches with a potato salad side and a garden salad. The food came quickly, but I was quite dissatisfied with it.To start, the bun was literally too soggy to pick up. The meat was WAY too watery, which I'm sure was the culprit for the soggy buns. When I say soggy buns, I literally mean that my girlfriend's tiny fingers were able to puncture the bread with extreme ease. The sauce was actually quite tasty, and is the only reason that I decided against giving a 1 star review. It wasn't until after I discarded my meal that I figured out more sauce was available behind the drinking fountains (serviced with probably the poorest selection of soft drinks I have ever witnessed). Next, my potato salad was literally the most repulsive thing I have ever put in my mouth. I don't know if it was expired or if it was simply the mix you guys use to season it, but you couldn't have paid me to take more than 2 bites out of it.Lastly, there were fly's hovering around my meal the whole time. I understand you are going for the whole "barbeque theme", but when I go to eat at a barbeque restaurant, I'd like to imagine that I am not outdoors in the middle of a night by a buggy swamp. It was literally that bad.I don't know if this is an isolated incident, or a commonplace thing at Honey Bear's, but I highly doubt I will be back any time soon. I am quite disappointed, because I had always heard such good things about it.
3	I mistakenly posted this review at the wrong location at first. This review applies to the Tempe location. Our second visit was not a good one. The first time, I'd give the food 3.5-4 out of 5 stars because our pulled pork sandwiches were flavorful and generous. (My husband had the same thing today and enjoyed it.) This time, dining on a Groupon, I went for the half rack of ribs "dinner." It came with a roll that wasn't heated enough to even start to melt the butter (which we had to ask for at the counter) plus two sides of my choice. The onion rings were very good. The problem was with the ribs.The "half rack" consisted of 6-8 long rib bones with a tiny bit of overdone, chewy meat on them. The restaurant's own BBQ sauce was poured over them. I tried to eat them, but they were so tough I couldn't get more than a few bites. The flavor was truly awful - like ribs that had been cooked days ago and reheated. I took my plate back to the counter and asked for something else. The four people behind the counter (which seemed like a lot, since there were only two customers at 5 p.m.) were gracious about swapping out my entree and even offered to refund some money. I didn't take the money, just asked for a pulled pork sandwich. They presented me with one to eat there plus a very generous take-out portion with two buns and lots of sauce. Although ultimately I was satisfied that we got our money's worth, especially taking into account the Groupon, I wouldn't go back based on the quality of those ribs. I can't say enough, though, about the kindness of the staff. They were great - not just making sure we were happy but also apologizing several times.
2	Here is my tale of two visits.  A couple of my friends know I am a big fan of ribs so they gifted me groupons with $10 for $20 worth of food.  I figured how can you go wrong with that?Having never eaten here before I didn't know what to expect.  I went on a Saturday afternoon and the place was rather empty.  I proceeded to order a full rack of ribs, corn, and the sweet potato tots.  As expected, the food came out very fast.  At first glance the portion was huge, however the second I took my first bite I realized these were no fall of the bone ribs.  It was sort of amusing.  As was chewing away on my ribs, I read their sign about not needing teeth to eat there.  I say false!  On a high note though, the sweet potato tots were out of this world and you have to work hard to mess up corn on the cob.  Both sides received an A.As for the cleanliness, it was what I expect from a BBQ place.  It wasn't gross but it wasn't super clean either.  The gal that took my order was polite and didn't seem as disinterested as other reviewers have mentioned.  Overall it was a 3 star experience.As for the second visit I wanted to try other things.  This time I ordered the half rack of ribs half chicken, corn on the cob, cowbro beans, and some peach cobbler.  The chicken was very tender and flavorful.  Having expected the ribs to be a little harder, I took a big bite but this time the ribs so tender, that I bit right through the bone.  Basically, I had a mouthful of black bone marrow and dry meat.  It was quite unpleasant and it continued for the remainder of the meal.  How much more inconsistent can you be on the cooking?  Lastly, the cowbro beans were not all that great either and the peach cobbler tasted like canned peaches and a piece of old bread.  This experience was closer to 1 star.  If it wasn't for the free groupons I received I probably wouldn't have gone back the second time.  When it comes to spending my hard earned money, it won't be here unfortunately.
3	I came here today because I was in the area and wanted something different. I've heard about them before, but never been into their place until now.It wasn't the worst, but honestly, I wasn't all that thrilled.  I was hoping for more.  When I walked in, the place was empty!  There was one guy sitting and eating in the corner.  I will say that its because today is Christmas Eve, and everyone's out doing other stuff getting ready for the holiday.So, I walk in and go to the register to order.  I had a few questions since I'd never eaten here before, but the girl behind the register was inputting stuff in and asked me to hold on for a moment.  I waited a few minutes for her to finish, but it felt like forever.  I was hungry and just wanted to eat.  Anyways, she takes my order, and I went with one of their combos.  I got a Brisket sandwich, mac and cheese, along with a pop to drink.  The food was done quickly, but I left feeling kind of let down.  The mac and cheese was soupy, and had quite a bit of pepper in it.  I ate about half and threw the rest away. Normally I would take something like that home and snack on it later, but I didn't care for it, so I chucked what I I didn't eat.  The Brisket itself was okay, but the BBQ sauce had no kick to it.  I don't mean that it was mild...but it had no taste.  Plus, they didn't put a lot of sauce on, so that half my sandwich didn't have BBQ sauce on it.  :-(Normally, when I eat at a BBQ place, they have additional bbq sauces either in squirt bottles on the table, or in a vat somewhere in a central location for you to add on if you would like more.  There is also usually some kind of variety to choose from.  Tangy sauce, maybe a hotter bbq sauce, etc.  All I saw was a vat near the napkin area, but it wasn't labeled and I didn't trust putting in on my food.  I didn't know what it was.  I assume it was extra sauce, but I don't know that for sure since there wasn't a sign.  Also, the place was FREEZING.  Look, I'm from Michigan and have a pretty thick skin for cold.  But, the last few days, its been quite cold outside, even for Arizona standards.  30 something degrees and night, with a high in the upper 50's to 60's during the day.  Most places have the heat on.  Well, not at Honey Bears.  No heat. I could feel that the cold had seeped in, and I wasn't wearing a coat, and wished I had.  fail.Overall, I didn't like this location, but I am open to trying the other locations in the future, and hope to have a better experience next time.
1	Very disappointing. Ambiance is a lot nicer, and restaurant is much cleaner than location on Van Buren. The last couple of times I dined at the Van Buren location were a tad weird. One time, a couple of friends and I were BSing in the parking lot, when a creepy guy in a half shirt approached and inquired to when the gay club next door opened. The last time, a dude that seemed like he was on something, was loudly tossing around profanities and asking for change-inside the restaurant.      Unfortunately the quality of the food at this Priest location is not even close. Decided to check out this location with my girlfriend after we purchased a Deal Chicken half-price voucher.  Cashier stated he could not accept my Deal Chicken discount after order was placed. Eventually rectified after much confusion. Food was ready at pick up counter very swiftly after transaction was completed. And that is where the positivity of the visit ended.      We had a couple of combo meals to try a variety and everything was a disappointment. First tasted were the baby back ribs. They were not bad-tender and cooked decent. But the taste was bland. It's like they use a whole different cooking process then the Van Buren restaurant. None of the woodsy smokiness that weaves into the meat and outward to your taste buds. In fact, none of the meats possessed this quality. We also had chicken and pork sandwiches which were perfectly fine, but not up to the Honey Bear's standard, that has made them a Valley favorite for decades.      The side dishes were not an opinion changer either. We had macaroni and cheese that had a mushy consistency not unlike chunky mashed potatoes. Decent cheese flavor if it hadn't been doused in what seemed like half a shaker's worth of pepper. Similarly, the beans, which have always been some of my favorite legumes, were overwhelmed with the cook's over-anxious shaker arm. It even affected the BBQ sauce, which has always been a sublime combo of sweet and smoky with tender ham chunks. But with way too much spice, all the usual standout flavors are dismissed.       Lastly, for dessert a peach cobbler would end the subpar experience. Still piping hot when I popped the lid on the container 20 minutes after it was packed, I had hope. Again a letdown was in store. The cobbler at the bottom was disgustingly uncooked like a huge chunk of cookie dough with no sugar or tastiness. As a certified sweet aficionado, I do not dismiss any sugar products quickly. With this though, it was one bite and into the trash it went. Ok, more like two bites-just to be sure. A sorry end to a meal I approached with great anticipation. As one of my favorite BBQ brands, I will not give up on Honey Bears. It just may be awhile till I visit again. And it will be to the Van Buren location. And I will sit back, savor the taste, and enjoy the cast of characters there.
1	I provided Honey Bears with a review I was going to submit, but based on that interaction I modified the review to provide a different slant - constructive ideas for their business.1. Customer service and satisfaction - when I explained that we did not receive baby back ribs on 1/20/2012 from their Tempe location, I was told that we must be mistaken since they had changed ribs weeks before. I requested a credit for just half a slab of real baby backs as compensation. Having been a regular customer of their chicken sandwiches for over a decade, we were astounded that our request so far has been ignored.2. The cashiers would benefit from training much like what McDonalds provides its employees. A friendly "how are you today" or "what can we do for you" would suffice.3. Change out the dated green tinted TV that people watch while waiting in the line. Sit down customers do have several flat screens to watch.4. Hire a lighting designer to make the interior more appealing. Lowering light in parts of the restaurant would give it more character and make it more appealing.5. Get a better cash register. Seems like the cashiers have always complained about this brand of computerized register.Hopefully this will help. And hopefully Honey Bears has moved to real fall-off-the-bone baby back ribs - ones that we did experience at their Central location, but not at their Tempe location.
4	Based on other Yelp reviews I almost decided to NOT use my Group On coupon, BUT gave them a try anyway.  GLAD I did.  There were 4 of us and ALL of us had a wonderful meal, good service, nice atmosphere.  The ribs were plentiful, large, juicy and even though the regular sauce was weak, they had a 'hotter' sauce that was some of the best I've ever had.  Sides were plentiful and good (mac/cheese, sweet potato fries, sweet potato tots).  The chicken was as good as the ribs.  Will be back again as prices are fair, food GREAT, and all the rest just a bonus.  BUT don't go here to watch a game on TV as the TV's had the worst reception of ANY restaurant I've ever been it--worse than a 1950's signal---however, I came to EAT and then went home to watch TV.
5	Large sandwich pork and hot links halfy halfy. Goodness gracious. And this locale has the fries. Enough said.
1	One word.  GROSS.  I went there last night with my daughter, and we had a Groupon.  It was the day before it expired, and I'm sure they had been inundated with them for the last 3 or 4 days.  So of course when I told her I had a Groupon, the girl at the front counter was nice enough to roll her eyes at me, and of course I told her "I see you roll your eyes at me".  So she told me because they had so many of  these coupons.  Great start.  I got the sliders, a pork, a beef, and a chicken.  My daughter got a bbq beef sandwich.  For our sides we got macaroni and cheese and french fries.  Megan's sandwich was wrapped in foil, and was barely warm, probably because the foil had kept in the the little amount of heat that there was.  My sandwiches were cold, I mean cold to the touch, the meat and the buns, and they were not wrapped in foil.   I took them up to the eye roller and told her to put them in the microwave for a minute, and she did.  French fries were ok, a little salty.   Mac and cheese was very good, at least there was that.  The meat on the sandwiches was dry and tasteless.  I brought a couple of them home and fed them to my dogs and cats.  I had been to this Honey Bears a long time ago, and remember I didn't like it.  Now I remember why, it was frankly, gross.   Even with a coupon, seriously, I would never go back there.  But if you do, say hi to the eye roller for me.
1	The cut of rib meat used is cheap. Doesn't compare to the quality of baby backs or St. Louis ribs. Didn't seem to be smoked that long. The hot links are cheap too. I also ordered 1 lb or sliced beef. Didn't check my order before leaving. I got 1 lb of shredded beef in a styrofoam cup. I'd never ever go back again.
2	He's got high hopes, he's got high hopes --- as for me Nope!I really wanted this place to be good....but I was a tad bit disappointed!  I ordered some sliders - one of each kind Chicken, Beef, and Pork.  Overall was okay, but what really got me on the sad side was my bun was soggy at the bottom.  Ever try to eat soggy bread?  Not good at all.  We also had some Ribs.  I thought it was again okay since I do like it on the crispy side, but it also had a burnt taste.  Is anything ever good burnt?  Nope!  The workers there were great and I think they do a good job.  The place itself is like a shed with some decors.  They do have TVs for the game, but I'm not sure I want to venture here to watch it. - Enjoy!
4	The food is really good here. You won't be disappointed with the quality and great taste. Service is very fast too. Only issues I had were no WI-FI, and the portions were a little on the smaller side. However, I'm 6'4 and 208 pounds, so for most people, the food sizes are appropriate. I had the pulled pork sandwich, collard greens, and beef BBQ sandwich. Both were freaking tasty as hell. Maybe they can add some bigger size options for us big guys? Either way, I'll be back, and am looking forward to enjoying their food and wonderful clean restaurant.
1	I can't even give this place a one star.  The food was digusting.  I ordered half of the rack of ribs.  They were smeared in bbq sauce, which is my fault as I failed to advise that I like my sauce on the side.  The rib meat was gross and tasted OLD.  I can't believe what I experienced yesterday afternoon.  My sides were also terrible.  I don't like my beans to taste sweet with bbq sauce.  I was expecting more of cowboy bean taste.  The potato salad was not my cup of tea and over peppered.  I didn't care about the sides as much as those darn ribs...tasting so old.  It appeared all they did was cook the ribs and then throw sauce on them...gross and filthy tasting.   I have eaten at Honey Bears on Van Buren over the years and loved it each time. Sorry but the food at this Tempe Honey Bears location was out right terrible.  This location is very nice and new, but obviously they don't know how to cook and used expired meat...gross!!  I was so looking forward to great bbq that I always experienced at the restaurant on Van Buren.  I will never return.
1	Customer service at this joint is bad, mgmt need to send their cashier serious customer service training pronto. When my husband and I went there couple of weeks ago we ordered the brisket sandwich only. Since I don't drink soda I just asked for cup for water. The spout for water and lemonade is one the same so when I pressed the dispenser for water some residual lemonade came out and then the water. Well that stupid cashier turn out to be watching me the whole time and he made a comment "just water huh". I was so upset by his comment that I walked to him and showed him my cup and insist that this is just water. He was so busy watching me that he brought out  french fries when we ordered sweet potato fries, and my husband ordered beer that he forgot to serve and we have to remind him.  Attention management make sure to hire personable cashier with good manners. You just lost  two more customers!!!
4	Good BBQ chicken, okay pumpkin pie, and where are the yams, sweet potatoes, and other traditional BBQ stuff? Oh wrong directions on yelp's behalf didn't help either.
5	I can't believe that there are ANY negative reviews of Honey Bear's!  I've been a customer for decades, having started when the owners and founders were smoking meat in a converted 50-gal. drum outside the original East Phoenix location.I now frequent the Central Ave. location and the food is still as good as it's always been.  If all that matters to you is ambiance, this is probably not the place for you. Honey Bear's is all about the food.Someone complained that the pork was too soggy.  Another that the pork was too dry.  HOW can it be both??  The pulled pork IS "soggy" because it's JUICY!  Honey Bear's pulled pork is to DIE for!Someone actually dissed the barbecue sauce!  I've been hitting barbecue joints from the Mississippi to all points west, and HB's sauce is hands-down the best I've ever found.  The only complaint I have is that when I tried to order the baby back ribs (the best thing that has ever been in my mouth), I was told that they are no longer carrying them but are now offering spare ribs.  So, I tried the spare ribs and, while they are good, they just don't compare to the baby backs.I had never tasted "collard greens", so I decided to try them.  Now I'm hooked.  Since I liked them so much as HB's, I ordered them when I went to Notorious P.I.G., another barbecue restaurant. I had to throw those away...they were loaded with vinegar.I will continue to buy the mouth watering pulled pork, pulled chicken, and collard greens from Honey Bear's even though I now live miles away (and right between two other BBQ restaurants).  And, for other HB's fans, "Deal Chicken" frequently offers coupons for Honey Bear's which cost $15 for $30 worth of food.  Beat THAT!
