2	Almost walked out of the place.  Having spent 7 years working in the restaurant industry, I have learned that there's a good correlation to condition of the bathrooms and the overall hygiene in the kitchen.  While some places can slip on hygiene (provided they deep fry everything and serve it hot), sushi cannot.  Poor hygiene leads to an unhappy digestive system.   Had I not already ordered my food, I would have left after using the restrooms.  I stumbled in here by accident and I would be happy to not try it again.  Overall the quality and flavor of the sushi was about as good as a supermarket.  It was not bad, per se.  But, it certainly was not good.  I would not recommend Ishi for sushi.  The atmosphere gets a 2 out of 5.Service gets a 2 out of 5.  I recommend a "pass" when you are in the mood for sushi.
2	Co-workers of mine from work raved about Ishi so they wanted to take me there for lunch.  I agreed -- hey, who am I to argue about food?  We walked in and I noticed that there wasn't much ambiance to the restaurant at all.  It's one big room, tables lined up one next to the other.  Nothing special.  It reminded me of a mom-and-pop restaurant "back in the day."  Their menu is pretty extensive with sushi and hibachi items.  Not wanting to hold everyone up and read through each and every sushi item (and not really in the mood for sushi), I ordered a hibachi item like everyone else.  I went with the Hibachi Chicken.  It was good...but really no better than a frozen "Chinese" item you pick up from your local grocery store.  The shrimp sauce dip was a nice touch and it gave the rest some flavor, but I tried not to imagine how many calories were in that creamy pink sauce that I dipped my entire lunch into.  All in all, I spent about $10 with the entree, drink, and tip (for which we only saw the server briefly during the order, food delivery, and bill drop-off).  I wouldn't say I'd go out of my way to go back.  There are better lunch choices in the area.  But if my co-workers had a desire to go there again with me, I'd probably go and maybe give their sushi a try (although then I'd end up spending even more for a quick lunch than with the Hibachi entree).
4	Ishi's is the best hibachi really fast and cheap! There's always a line and for a reason! I agree that the atmosphere of Ishi's is not meant to wow you, it's a place for the locals and college students, to be able to enjoy great food at great prices, instead of eating McD's or Bojangles! I've been there plenty of times to tell you that the service is good, not anything out of the ordinary, decent. Plus this is the south, there is no such thing as great customer service in this town! There are plenty of places that offer Hibachi and sushi and are definitely better atmosphere, but for the price and convenience, this place tops them all.
1	This was my first experience at a dive sushi bar.  I saw the parking lot was full, which is normally a good sign.  All the cars were for the gym next door.  There were a group of sorority girls for me to look at, but otherwise shotty decor.  Bathroom was nasty.  Miso soup was edible but the rice in my main dish tasted like it was a few days old.  I didn't try the sushi, there are other places similar but better very close by.
4	This place is great!  I have been eating at Ishi for over six years and I've never been disappointed.  The food is flavorful, cheap, and delicious!  On top of that it comes to you quickly!  The staff is all about efficiency.  They seat you as quickly as possible and serve you as quickly as possible.  I appreciate that.  There are often days when I have cravings for Ishi, and only Ishi.The atmosphere is okay.  Nothing fancy or glamorous.  Although, I heard they have moved to a new location so that may have changed.This place is simple and to the point.  It's cheap.  It's quick.  It's delicious.  As long as they keep those characteristics I'll be a loyal, satisfied customer.
3	I love their hibachi shrimp & seaweed salad!  Good & fast.  I can't say anything about the sushi.  The staff is attentive, but the ambiance leaves something to be desired!
3	I'm floundering between 2 & 3 stars, but I'm feeling warm 'n fuzzy this evening, so I'm going with 3.  I used to eat at Ishi quite often, however it's been about a year since my last visit. Had nothing to do with them, just sorta happened that way (working from home a lot more, etc).  Since then, they've moved into a new building across from the strip mall they used to be in (formerly Fudruckers then Taiyo).  Much larger space, which is great , however the interior has sort of a "design on a dime" look to me.  Considering I got my lunch to go, I didn't have time to really evaluate things that closely, so I can't fairly evaluate/rate the ambiance, other than it being rather dark (lots of black).I've eaten here twice now in the last week & a half, and I have to say, they just don't do it for me anymore.  And that saddens me because the family that owns/runs Ishi is great. Food is still fairly yummy, however the value isn't as good as it once was (ie: I've noticed a steep increase in price w/nothing to show for it).  Meals come with either a side salad or soup at other places, but not here.  I'm a creature of habit, so as usual, I order a chicken/shrimp hibachi combo.  $12.  Used to be around $8.  Portion sizes are plentiful, so kudos for that, and service is speedy and friendly.  However for my dollar, I can go about two blocks away to Kabuto and nosh on a far superior meal for the same price (and the rice is 10x better...and, if you have the time, you get a show!).  Granted, unlike many of their competitors, Ishi's pricing remains the same at dinner, so that's a plus (portion sizes are the same at lunch and dinner).  I tried their clear onion soup the other day and was RATHER disappointed; tasted like a watered down French onion soup to me - kinda icky; not the "clean" flavor I'm accustomed to.  All-in-all, Ishi is no longer on my go-to list unless I'm in a hurry or going with others.  If I do go, I think I'll just get Hibachi Shrimp & sub out the rice for zucchini & onion.  At least the owners & staff are still friendly - that get's them an additional star!
3	Some friends and I decided it was time for a sushi night and we ended up at Ishi.  The restaurant had a wide open dining area and is one of the largest japanese restaurants I've been in.  The atmosphere was very laid back and casual and the dining area decor isn't anything fancy.  We were greeted as soon as we walked in the door and the hostess was very friendly.  Our waitress was also extremely friendly and helped us make some of our sushi selections.  The menu is huge with lots of options for entrees other than sushi.  I ended up with 2 maki rolls that were both delicious.  The rolls were so large it was practically impossible to eat a piece in one bite which made things a little awkward...  Also both of the rolls I had were covered in lots of sauce and seasoning which made it difficult to distinguish the flavors of the different types of fish and other ingredients in the rolls.  The hubby got a shrimp hibachi meal that he seemed to enjoy.  I tried a couple bites of his meal and I wasn't impressed in comparison with my meal.  Everyone else in the group got sushi and they enjoyed theirs as well.  The prices were pretty good for the size of the rolls.  I'm still in search for some mind-blowing sushi in Charlotte but if I want lots of sushi for the money I'll come back here.
4	I visited Ishi tonight with some fellow yelpers (Megan P., BJ S, and Sam P) tonight and I was pleasantly surprised with the selection even if the inside was a bit grungy :) .  Our waitress was great - she had some awesome recommendations and I was very very pleased with her suggestions. I was barely able to eat the two rolls I ordered there was so much food and the display was very aesthetically pleasing!  I'd honestly rate this as a 3.5 experience, but because the service was great, I bumped it to 4.   If you are in the university area and want a low key sushi place, I'd recommend swinging by.
3	3.49 stars it is. They seemed to have a pretty big sushi selection. However, not being much of a sushi lover, they had a good selection of hibachi entrees to choose from. i was content with the cost of my Ishi Shrimp selection ($7.25 plus 50 cents to add zucchini). The portion size was exactly right as I cleaned my plate and left with a full belly. Not to mention, it was solidly delicious.I did try one of Mrs. P's sushi and i could barely get it all in my mouth, it was ginormous (twss). It wasn't too shabby tasting. The interior of Ishi was kind of an ishi (as in issue...anyone? ...mrs. p?), although I was amused with the look of the sushi bar area (like a thatch roof Tiki vibe going on). The place actually had the appearance of a former Mexican restaurant and would probably not be the sushi place you go to impress a date. However, i thought our service was wonderful. Our server was very friendly, helpful with suggestions and they were always on top of our water refills. We even got a fancified orange at the end of the meal and  mints with the check.. We do not venture to this area often enough to likely make a return trip but it was a very satisfying dinner.Beer drinker note: Bud light, Miller Lite, Coors  $2.00Sam Adams bottle, Blue Moon  $2.50Heineken, Corona $2.75Sapporo, Kirin $3.00
4	So a mix up in the university Japanese places led this gaggle of yelpers to ishi!  From judging previous reviews the expectation was set a lil low, but being there we thoroughly enjoyed the experience.  Two of the gang got there a lil early and enjoyed some miso and edemame and plethora of water refills.  Prices were reasonable (about average for sushi) and service was fantastical.  Being vegan, there were more than just the traditional avocado and cucumber rolls on the menu and they're not afraid to make a delectable spicy veggie roll! YUM!   The atmosphere is quite nice as well with a tiki set up for the bar... you know, everything that's expected of a Japanese sushi place. :)  I'd definitely go back!  good times had by all!
5	Ishi in their new location is the bomb of Japanese hibachi and fresh sushi at a reasonable price and quick service.  I've been going to Ishi for 10 years now and it's been consistently great.
5	Fun place to eat Sushi with friends. Great atmosphere.
4	I've always been a fan of this place way back in the day, but I decided to go to lunch here today and found out they had moved!  Luckily, not too far away... it appears they've taken over a stand alone building in the same shopping center.  I cannot for the life of me remember what used to be here.I need to come back and try their sushi again, but I had their Teriyaki Founder plate for lunch and it was great.  A good size plate of food that was very tasty and somewhat healthy.  Unfortunately I slathered on all the shrimp sauce so, maybe it could have been healthy at one point.I like the fact that the place is bigger so they can fit more people in, but it feels a bit "too" big if that makes any sense...  Also, I don't know how long ago they moved but there were some boxes and extra equipment that didn't seem correctly (just needs to be organized a bit).  There is a nice metallic blue color on the walls... but according to my color theory class in college, blue is an appetite suppressant.... That didn't necessarily stop me from eating as much as I did, but it was something I had in mind during the meal.Overall a good lunch experience.  I'll have to get back here to try how their sushi is.  If I remember correctly it's a solid bet.
1	i've given this place a couple chances before writing my review, but each time was worse than the time before.  i'm not sure how you can mess up miso soup, but it was horrible!!!  the rice was very bland and the chicken was more fat than actual meat.  i will NOT be visiting this place ever again!!!! only positive is it's cheap, but i guess you get what you pay for!  personally i would rather pay more for something i enjoy and something i find edible!
1	My second visit here such a disappointment. Waiter ordered the wrong dishes. Hamachi Kama partly uncooked. Age tofu overcooked. Sashimi arrived last in a heap and was sad and tired.  Sushi rolls were ok but turned up before appetizers. Dishes weren't cleared away. Sad sad sad.
2	OK sushi. Tried it several times. When I'm shopping at Home Depot, Target or Pet Smart. I get a thing for sushi and cold Japanese beer. Conveniently located in the same parking lot of Home Depot. Every time, disappointed.
4	I have been eating at ishi's for the past decade. This place always delivers consistently amazing food. Hibachi Steak and Chicken FTW!
3	This was our second stop yesterday. The staff was friendly. The sushi shef was interested in our likes and dislikes. We order our rolls without sesame on them (we like them on the side) but they came with them, no biggie. The rolls were not the best we've had but they were good. The chef gave us a complimentary orange and a box of chopsticks. We will try this again sometime to compare and update our review.
4	I love Ishi! The hibachi dinners are delicious and the service is fast and friendly. I gave 4 stars instead of five because the sushi is not the best I've had, but still pretty good. You can also call In a take-out order which is nice.
4	I like to visit Ishi every now and then to remind myself of my college days at UNCC. I almost always go for their great sushi creations which I always recommend to others. So far they're one of my favorite sushi joints in the free world.I'm not a huge fan of their new location. The spacious emptiness of the old Taiyo restaurant really kills some of the intimacy that they had in their old corner location of the shopping center. They're so popular that I'm often surprised to see them so empty when I stop in. I do just chock it up to the larger floor plan and imagine they get hit hard by UNCC students on Thursday nights.Sushi is the one way to go when you come here. You won't be disappointed! My biggest recommendation would have to be the Kamikaze roll. As always the staff is friendly. I do wonder if the rumors about management taking the servers' tips were ever true though.
2	The first time I went to Ishi, the food was great.Every time after, it has been just okay. At least twice, the rice was old.Not good for what they charge.Thankfully I found Toyama.
4	I've been to Ishi twice now both times at what other reviewers say is their second location. It does have a too large feeling but both times I've been there there have been a good amount of people. But the best thing about Ishi is their sushi. Its fresh. They have a lot of different rolls but they also have many types of fish that I haven't seen listed on the menus of restaurants in South Charlotte. I particularly like Wahoo.Both times I was there I ordered 15 pieces of salmon nigiri & 2 of wahoo. I seemed to be the only one eating sushi. Most of the other patrons seemed to have very little time for lunch & were ordering lunch specials. THe chef visited my table the last time & presented me with an orange. It was the perfect way to end the meal.My waiters both times have been polite & efficient.
3	I dined in at the restaurant with a friend a couple weeks ago because of the flashy lights on its exterior and convenience, but was a bit disappointed.  We were sat in the a booth, which looked more thrifty than inviting.  It was somewhat busy for a Saturday lunch.  We began  by ordering hamachi kama as an appetizer, and even though I know it takes a while to make, but ended up arriving at our table well after the entrees we ordered. The hamachi kama came out a bit more browner in color than I am use to, but was pleasantly surprised at the flavor and moistness of the fish. We also ordered a couple pieces of sashimi and one sushi roll.  The presentation looked a mess with everything just plopped on the plate.  The sashimi cut was jagged and the flavor did not taste up to par to what I am use to.  The sushi roll had cooked fish on the inside, but the sushi rice was flavorless and not quite what I was expecting.  We also ordered vegetable ramen noodle stir fry, but when it came it out, it was just overly oiled vegetable lo mien (like from any takeout chinese restaurant).  The servers however were quite attentive and helpful.  The price was low to average, but since I would rather pay to eat quality sushi, I do not think I will dine here again.
2	This place used to be tops in my book but ever since they moved it's like they lost "something" along the way.I used to think they had the best Hibachi style food in the area, but the food is just above eating "carry out" these days.Sad. Even the employees are no longer happy.Your pal,Walter
4	By far some of the BEST fast food Japanese I've ever had, and probably will ever have. The staff is friendly to the predominantly college student crowd, always greeting and seating customers as soon as they come in. The atmosphere is fun, friendly, and inviting. Every time I've eaten here, dine in or carry out, the food is delicious and the service is quick and accurate. When dining at Ishi, I strongly suggest that you dive head first into a plate of one of Ishi's succulent hibachi selections. With that being said I must admit, I'm a die hard Hibachi Chicken Addict! So much so, that the woman who works the register knows my dine-in and take-out orders to a tee, right down to my requests for no veggies and extra shrimp sauce. Now don't let my biased banter about the insanely delicious hibachi meals distract you from the plethora of scrumptious sushi selections Ishi has to offer. While I am not a sushi connoisseur, I must say that my friends who enjoy these savory seafood treats rave about their tasty goodness. Ishi's menu is chock-full of your Japanese food favorites, the only thing you have to do is make the painstaking decision of what you want to eat first.While you're stuffing your face feel free to let your eyes wander around the restaurant. The ocean blue colored walls adorned with vibrant traditional Japanese decor provides a pleasant change from your everyday restaurant scenery. The bright white and smoldering black tables, chairs and booths add a casual elegance to the restaurant's atmosphere, making for an even more enjoyable dining experience. Ishi's convenient location to UNC Charlotte, and affordable prices make it the Hot Spot for college students and locals like myself. I definitely recommend this restaurant for everyone who loves Japanese food & rice done right! :) I know you'll enjoy it as much as I do!
4	Last night had a holiday roll-- waitress was super helpful and friendly the entire night.  She's usually working the sushi bar, so it was fun to see her out and about.  Roll was fresh and tasty, good spice and she put tobiko on top at my request. We had the tempura ice cream for dessert at her recommendation-- first time I've enjoyed fried ice cream! Big serving-- would have been better to split than each order our own.  As opposed to the usual rice-krispies-around-ice-cream it was a dough shell.  The outside had been fried a little, but the inside was soft/cake-y from being close to the ice cream.  She said they'd been made earlier that day, so it wasn't warm, but still tasty. I'm not a big fan of the actual entrees or lunch specials, though my roommate always gets them and enjoys. Definitely a good place to go for sushi.
4	good food  afortable prices, but service was a lil' Disorganized. overall is a good place for dinner..!
3	Ishi has a very wide menu with lots of good stuff. My favorite dish is the Ishi Steak. Nice steak grilled with mushrooms and rice. Servers are nice, but food sometimes takes a while to come out of the kitchen. Atmosphere is calm.
4	Compared to some of the Japanese i have had around Charlotte, this place was the best so far,( from what Ive tried) the sushi came out looking beautiful and the service was up to par. I will be going back
4	It has been a little while since I have visited Ishi's.  Since I was in the neighborhood and was famished, I had to come back.  We ordered two tempura chicken rolls, a Bali Roll (mango, avocado and cucumber), and some fried rice with sweet tea.  Thank goodness for sweet tea (not a constant staple in the North)!  The tempura rolls were really good; the Bali Roll was something different and I enjoyed it.  The fried rice could have been fried more.  Overall, service was great as usual and the restaurant was not crowded between 1:30 - 2:30 pm which was great for us as the food arrived quickly.  I enjoy Ishi and was not disappointed during this visit.
4	Ishi is a UNCC staple.  I honestly never ate the Sushi their.  When I went their I either got the Hibachi steak/chicken or the Teriyaki Steak/Chicken.  For a 6 dollar meal it was great and has great portions.  I give it 4 stars for being affordable and I love meat and rice.
1	I went for a return trip after several months and was severly disappointed. I had hoped things might have improved since the last time.Hibatchi steak was overcooked and nearly flavorless. Rice was bland. Carrots and mushrooms were too soft almost gooey. Gross. Spring roll was overdone.Service was fine but the staff are not at all friendly.  The woman who either manages or owns the place has a fixed scowl on her face.What gives? I used to love this place back in the day.Your pal,Walter
1	Me and my boyfriend went out for what we hoped would be a great date night, we decided on Ishi based on the reviews, everything was horrible! I ordered the squid salad which I swear is the same exact one sold at Harris teeters sushi section, then we got an Alaskan roll and an eel roll, the Alaskan was OK but the eel roll was seriously skimpy on the eel, it also had a funny aftertaste. The ginger had a nasty chemical/soapy taste. For dinner my bf ordered steak & chicken ramen which was super greasy and the steak was well done and not the md. rare he asked for. I ordered the ishi steak also well done not md. like I requested, it was just so bland and greasy. The only good thing on my plate was the carrots. The service left alot to be desired as everyone was gathered around the TV watching American idol our waiter only checked on us once and never refilled my drink. I'm not sure if this place has just gone down hill in recent months or the other reviewers like greasy bland food, its about an hour later and me and my bf both have stomach aches, I WILL NEVER GO HERE AGAIN!!!!
1	Atmosphere is run down. Booths with holes with a warehouse feel. Upon being seated recieved a crumpled paper menu (appeared to be a takeout menu) with writing all over it in pencil. Was told it was the previous restaurants owners disposable menu used to order from the sushi bar, hence all the checkmarks, but they recycled as their menu.The spring rolls sat in a puddle of grease on the plate, and they were mushy inside. (appeared frozen and dumped into the oil ) They were so greasy when picking them up my fingers glistened. The tempura was not tempura batter but rather the batter you would expect on fish n chips.  That also had a shiny sheen of grease. The chicken was dry inside and It was also tastless and bland. Greasey shell on top of tasteless dry chicken.Felt nauseous from all the grease and couldn't finish. Ewwwwww
2	Just stopped by Ishi this past weekend.  And, it has changed a lot.  The quantity of food is less.  The food did not taste as good as it used to.  and...to top it off....for some reason, their "special beverage" license was allowed to expire...or it was not reissued.  I was disappointed.  It had been a long time since I was there....and now...it may be even longer when I return.
2	Man it is not hard to make this kind of food and i expect alot more from a place that is advertised as a japanese restaurant. I have eaten here twice and i will not be back. They just don't cut it on the hibachi side of things all the food is either mushy or has no flavor. My tuna roll was fine and thats the only reason for 2 stars. That being said it was not good enough to go here just for sushi.
4	Really loved Ishi when they were at the old location, because it was cozy and always full. Since they moved they have a bigger place, had to cut costs on certain items but the sushi and hibachi is good and not too expensive. Saki bombs are cun there!
5	No other hibachi compares.Shortly after moving to Charlotte a year ago, my younger sister (who has lived here 5 years now) took me to Ishi and immediately I was addicted.  The food is VERY quick, whether you choose to dine in the restaurant or take out.  Portions are large.  Their crab rangoon is the best I've ever had - stuffed so full of cream cheesey crabby oniony goodness.The staff is always pleasant and very welcoming even when you just go in to pick up your take out order.  If this place ever offers delivery service, I will be in SERIOUS trouble.....  :-)
4	Great sushi, I really haven't had anything else, I've been twice for lunch.  Very wide range of rolls to choose from, and the sashimi love boat is amazing!  Reasonably priced, clean, great service; highly recommended.
1	Worst place to eat ever! The service gets one star but the food isn't worth it. Only thing good was the salad! Lol not hard to make a salad though.
4	I think Ishi is an unnoticed gem in the Charlotte sushi scene; I go there a lot and the food is always of consistent quality and they have a BIG variety of rolls. They're also one of the few restaurant in Charlotte that serves simple but quality hibachi entrees at fair prices, and fast!I have to rave about their sushi because Ishi does not come off as a fancy, high-end sushi bar, but their rolls are fantastic! They must have a good chef because the special rolls are well put together and delicious, plus they are always tightly packed with perfectly cooked rice. Cold ingredients are cold and fried rolls have just the right amount of tempura. ALSO the presentation is great, the plates are always beautifully arranged and decorated! If you get hibachi, the shrimp sauce is not too runny and the meat is cooked to order and cut into small pieces rather than huge chunks. The meat and vegetables always taste fresh.Their prices are extremely fair--maybe even a little low--for the quality and quantity of food they serve. The building they're in now seems a little too big for them and is poorly decorated; but like I said, this is not a high-end Asian steakhouse so maybe you should expect as much. The facility is usually pretty clean and the booths/tables are in good repair.My only complaint is that the service is generally AWFUL. Their servers are obviously untrained and can get very obnoxious; when they hand you the menus (which, by the way, are paper ad sometimes re-used a few too many times before they are tossed) they expect you to know what you want right away, then come back too soon and repeatedly to nag you about your order. Usually the food is ready promptly, but once I waited 40 minutes for a simple sushi order while my boyfriend's hibachi meal arrived quickly--he was done eating before my food even got there. A few of the employees are very friendly, but most of them don't seem to care about the customers at all and it shows.So: great food, lots of variety in the sushi, but get it to go if you don't want to deal with the shitty waiters!
5	I love the place! the food is always good. I never have any problem going there. The only thing is that the place is little too big. Too many distance and space but like I say the food is good and the price is right
1	Honestly, the fact that this place has a 4.5 star rating is appalling!  Do not be fooled by the rating given by people that clearly haven't been out to eat in several years lol. Food is overpriced big time.  For a hibachi meal you are going to pay $3+ more to get 2 kinds of meat than if you just have one and the waitress told me there is the amount of meat, the charge is just for getting different kinds....woah what a freaking rip off!!!!Rice is crap....idk how else to say it, you can tell by looking at it that it is low quality.  I love ginger dressing...there's is pretty good but they literally put double the amount I would normally put on....and I put more dressing on salads than most people I know! Sweet tea was EXTREMELY sweet.  Some may like that, again, I like it sweet but this was really over the top. Recap:  more expensive than almost any japanese express restaurant and the food was mediocre.  Don't go here...why would you?
1	This place is just disgusting. Usually I can suffer through bad sushi but this was awful!  Old rubbery seaweed wraps, warm slimy sashimi, mushy rice. Just disgusting.
4	I love sushi thanks to Ishi. Before it was always something I could stomach -I'm a big fan of yellow fin tuna. But I never enjoyed it.Now I CRAVE IT! Thank you Ishi for showing me the way! :)
4	Tried my first sushi here for my birthday...and since I have no reference point...I'll just say it was was yummy! :)   I ordered teriyaki chicken and veggies and my sister ordered a HUGE platter of sushi.  I sampled several, the spider roll was my least favorite..I'm not really sure why, but it just didn't work for me...the alaskan roll was good- I really like the avocado in that one.  The tempura tuna was really good and the sauce had quite a kick, but not overpowering for a first timer!  After looking over the sushi menu, I think I'd try some of the vegetarian options next time I'm at Ishi...The waitress was patient while I asked questions and our glasses were never empty! I'll be back!
3	"Eh.." is what I'd say the next time a friend wants to take me here. Went here for the first time last weekend and it was an okay experience, nothing great and nothing horrible. Walked in, was greeted, and sat down. Was then surprised they had paper menus... which I thought was weird to see in this part of the city.. (rich and all etc.) I mean even beat down restaurants had sort of a menu or even laminated paper menus lol... But here, paper menus is the thing.. reminds me of chinese to-go places. Then came examining the menu... WAYyyyy too many choice / dishes, and that's always a bad sign when I go in to a restaurant. I've seen alot of choices before but here... it's crazy even for a little hibachi place. Anyways, ordered the filet mignon % salmon hibachi and... the steak was over as I requested, the salmon was drizzled in this sweet sauce which i didnt like and the salmon was dry. The ONLY good thing really that saved the dish was the shrimp sauce that was given. Also, service needs to be more... service-like rather than , "Hi, okay, bye"Food - 2/5Service - 2/5Price - 3/5Time waiting for food 4/5 (it was pretty quick)Hope this helps
1	One of the low end Japanese express style of restaurants in the university area. The rice is horrible, the plates are over priced ($2-$3 dollars more than other places),  and the serve is mediocre at best. Given the option, I'd steer clear of this place and go other "quality" restaurants in the area. But i'd say try this place out if you enjoy drowning your plates in shrimp sauce; Its all going to taste the same anyways.
3	Went for a sushi lunch on recommendation of coworker. The decor is nothing special, unless tacky is special. Most patrons were eating hibachi lunch specials. I sat at the bar. I was waited on quickly and ordered my roll and nigiri from the friendly sushi chef. It was fresh, flavorful and reasonably priced. I won't go out of my way to come here again but I would eat here if in the area.
5	Ishis has always been great to me. I am a long time customer since my college days back in 2002 when Ishis was at its precious small location.  Great service, employees are very polite and will remember you once you've been there a few times. All items on the menu I recommend to get, the cherry blossom roll is quite delicious itself. Sometimes I may ask for extra sauce with my hibachi steak and they have no problems adding the item to the bag with a smile at no charge. If you happen to be around the university area, definitely take the time to visit this wonderful restaurant where the phone number is worth keeping as a contact in my iPhone for many years.
1	The sushi is absolutely terrible. I feel a little bad for writing this, since the service is pretty good. The Hispanic sushi chef has no idea how to make sushi. Most rolls have a ton of filler rice, vegetables and cream cheese. Why cream cheese?? Why??? And the shrimp tempura tastes like it's been cooked in beer batter.
5	I have been going to ishi since it was the little hole in the wall at the end of the hobby lobby strip. I've been in love ever since. the food never fails to impress me. it's always good - dine in or take out (and I do both!) their chef specialty sushi rolls are DELICIOUS! def don't pass that over. their menu is vast so plan on coming back plenty of times to find your favorite.  try to crab Rangoon it's the BEST.
3	My boyfriend and I ate here our first night in Charlotte, exhausted from moving into our college apartment. Immediately, we were in love. However, the last few times I've been to Ishi, it has been very hit or miss. Also, our orders get screwed up pretty regularly. Just small things like zucchini and onion on the side rather than carrots, or terriyaki vegetables rather than Ishi vegetables.But the employees are all very nice and bring your food out quickly. The prices are reasonable, as well. The atmosphere is kinda strange, but I like it. I'm not even sure how to elaborate on that... The only issue is sometimes they play instrumentals of 80's hits very loudly and it can get a bit annoying.My personal favorite is the Ishi vegetables, which is basically Hibachi vegetables in a creamy garlic sauce (although some days this entree seems better than others). Meanwhile, my boyfriend swears by the hibachi steak. All of the sushi I've had is pretty yummy, too.At most Asian restaurants the crab rangoons, miso soup and clear soup are my favorites. But all of these items are just mediocre at Ishi. Surprisingly, the house salad is, as well. It's just lettuce and dressing. There's no tomato, cucumber, or anything that most other restaurants would include on their standard salad.The two things I would avoid would be anything with scallops, and the hibachi udon entrees. The scallops do not taste fresh at all. I actually ended up picking them out of my meal, before. I'm not sure how to explain the udon, but it just wasn't good. Maybe the udon soup would be better.
2	I like coming here since it's close to school. My boyfriend and I came here for late lunch and out waitress was rushing me. I'm a server myself and you DONT rush customers.The hibachi is mediocre. It's cheap and I can tell it's premade. I don't know, that's just me.  You will see me here but not as often. Maybe once in a blue moon. :/
4	I'm purely rating the sushi... but just to get it out of the way-  The Hibachi is whatever.  No, it's standard.  "Whatever" is not such a great word for reviews, I suppose.  And "standard" meaning, edible and makes you feel like a whale when you leave and by the time you get home, you're poke-out-belly starving.The sushi, however, has always been on point for me and my husband.  The rolls are fantastic.  The rice has never been gummy.  The nigiri pieces are huge.  Prices are fair. And they make neat things out of oranges and fake leaves.It's too bad, we live in the Matthews area... Sooo far - but worth the drive.  I gave it 4 stars because to be fair, I'm rating the restaurant and not just part of the restaurant's menu.  Hibachi - whatever.  Crap, no - Hibachi - standard.  Sushi - great.
1	The hibachi is disappointing even for a cheap hibachi place. Way too salty and not enough veggies, even when I requested extra veggies for no rice. The sushi is better than the other food, but not worth going back for.
2	I try really hard  to love this place because  it's in my old neighborhood and my coworker love it . So I tried again . I order onion soup which was extremely salty and served in a white drinking cup :-( and veggie hibachi can you say gross. The rice taste very old and the veggie looked As if they were frozen and later cook. I guess I will put in the towel and make this my last time .
4	Got hibachi chicken and shrimp. good price for the amount you get. Ordered to go and it was done quickly. Only bad point might be the thin consistency of the mustard sauce and shrimp sauce. The food was very good though.  All in all, pretty good deal.
3	This is a relatively big, warehouse-y looking place that has decent prices but average sushi.  Good location in the University area is probably the main reason it does a good amount of lunch business.  I had the Deluxe Sushi Platter and it was filling because the rice balls were HUGE!  The pieces of fish topping them were also large which required quite the mouth calisthenics to maneuver them (especially the more chewy pieces like the octopus).  I say make the pieces smaller so they're easier to eat and add another one to the platter to make up for the lost volume.  The rice was appropriately sticky but flavorless and a the temperature wasn't quite right.  It was just okay, but it'll do when jonesing for raw fish.The three star average rating of this place is pretty much spot on.
3	You don't really find a lot of sushi places that offer chicken sushi! So I was so happy to check Ishi out! loved the Chicken Tempura! I loved the price even more! I agree with the other reviews, the location looks very run down. They have way too much space in there, so it always looks empty! The hibachi was very bland, the price was great but I swear the food had no taste.
1	We decided to try this place yesterday for the first time since we were craving Asian food so we ordered take out. I ordered the chicken teriyaki with friend rice and the California roll sushi which was about $13. The fried rice came with shrimp sauce and that seemed to be too runny. Also the teriyaki chicken seemed to be too under seasoned and fried to death (too dry). The rice was mediocre and sticking together. The sushi arrived hot, the avocado in it tasted old and so did the crab meat. There was no flavor in the sushi whatsoever. I was very disappointed. My boyfriend took his meal in a to go box as well and when he tried to reheat it later it smelled horrible. I suggest that if you want some delicious Japanese food then skip this location. Pay some more money and get better quality food elsewhere. I'm very disappointed at this location and I wish I could give them less than one star. Even an Asian buffet can do better than this.
3	Japanese that isn't cooked in front of you...it's pretty good but that's it. Nothing spectacular. I prefer the cook in front of you places. Take out portions are larger than if you are eating in. After eating here for the past 9 years I had never tried their sushi. My coworker wanted to go and so I decided to give it a try. Sushi was great! Many rolls to choose from and you can customize. The Green Mountain roll does it for me. Spicy tuna (my fav) and avocado on top. Yes!! People are always nice and friendly too, esp the sushi maker (??) girl. Sometimes the music they play is oddly depressing though. Also need to update the inside. Booths are worn out and the server station in middle of rest looks sketchy.
1	I've been going to this place for years (since it was over near the hobby lobby), but I went recently and got some horrible sushi to go.  It was inedible, extremely fishy and smelt like the Long Island Sound during low tide.  The texture was felt like I was chewing on mashed potatoes.  I was very surprised when I didn't end up with salmonella afterwards.
4	This is by far the best quick Japanese hibachi food in town.. The carrots, fried rice, and sushi are amazing! Definitely worth a try!
2	Our service was so-so. We had a waitress to start with who took my drink order wrong and then ignored our table. Then we had a new waitress who was nicer. Two at the table ordered sushi and two ordered hibachi (including myself). I ordered the vegetable hibachi (comes with broccoli, carrots, sweet carrots, zucchini, mushrooms, and onions with rice, I asked for no mushrooms or carrots). The sauce and vegetables was just okay, but definitely edible. However, the rice (listed on the menu as fried rice) was just cooked white rice that contained peas, carrots, and onions. Honestly, rice is a make it or break it for me, and I could not even eat half of this rice. Just so gross. However, the sushi my friends ordered was pretty good! Definitely try the Little Mermaid roll, it was very tasty.
3	good teriaky chicken with rice, sushi is decent.
4	So good for a sushi craving. The place is dated and not the cleanest to sit in, but it's worth it for the sushi.
2	This place could really use a remodel on its decor. It's not anywhere where I want to stay inside and eat. Whenever I do stop at Ishi, it's to pick up my to-go order. The food is OK. I've definitely had better sushi at other places but its conveniently located near me so whenever the sushi craving hits, I can make a quick stop. I usually get the dragon roll and a egg roll. I'd recommend skipping their fried rice. I find it to be tasteless and that's just a big ol' NO for me.If you're in the mood for sushi AND in the area, I'd say give Ishi's a try but keep your expectations in check.
4	Judging by the Yelp reviews, this place gets a bad rep, but it's really not that bad!!If you want Hibachi that is cooked in front of you, go to Nakato. There, you pay for the show.Ishi is a no frills, Japanese Hibachi place. I used to frequent here in college when I was low on cash and could get a good quality Japanese dinner for 5 bucks. You can't beat that.The sushi isn't the best I've ever had, but it's not terrible either. I always get the Hibachi vegetables. I don't even normally like cooked carrots, but I find myself craving the cooked carrots here fairly often. Everything is always prepared and seasoned very well and the staff here is just as kind as can be!Now, I am PICKY about restaurant cleanliness and lose my appetite at even the smallest infractions...but honestly, that's never happened here. I've never seen anything cringeworthy.So, stop hating on Ishi for being something it's not: an upscale hibachi grill.This place is an essential for area college students. I wouldn't recommend coming here for a business meeting or a romantic dinner, but it is what it is!
