2	Very chic spot. But too expensive for the service. I got a pedicure there and they didn't even do the basics. Don't recommend, paying $60 for what would cost $25-$30.
5	I have been wanting to find a place like this for a while now. I was tired of the standard nail salons and wanted something different , cutting edge but with everyday pricing. I felt comfortable and didnt feel pressured to buy anything more than what I wanted.  Prices are about comparable to most standard nail salons but if you decide to add gel or "nail art" it's a little bit more. I thought the prices were  fair. I didnt feel "nickle and dimed" for the quality of workmanship these ladies do. I felt instantly welcome by Carolina who helped take off my old polish  while I was waiting for my pedicure.  I walked in thinking I was going to use my own polish ( I liked the color) I fell in love with her nails and she offered to help me choose a gel color close to what I had. I got an amazing pedicure from Kelly and then Amber did my full acrylic set with gel color and a little bit of glitter overlay. I didnt want anything crazy and love how they turned out. I do recommend you call ahead to schedule an appointment ( I called an hour ahead) This business is off to a great start and so excited that this salon is close, so beautiful and very comfortable. I will definetly be back..
5	This is an awesome new nail salon! This was my first time getting such a fancy full set and Amber did an amazing job. She was very patient with me- I didn't know what kind of design I wanted and she totally helped me and did an amazing job. My nails look fantastic and they definitely are better than anywhere else I've gotten them done :) Definitely check this place out! (They have lots of nails pics on Facebook too!)
4	I walked into Bond on a Friday around noon and was immediately greeted by Shawna  and introduced to my nail tech, Dominica. Dominica took her time on my gel mani and made sure to attend to my cuticles and make sure the gel color was on perfectly and and even.Totally worth every penny and I will be back!
5	I was lucky enough to get a gift certificate for Bond from a friend. I went in for a pedicure and was surprised by how nice the atmosphere was. So not your typical nail salon. It felt more like a spa than a neighborhood nail salon. My pedi was great and the technicians were all friendly and professional. I will definitely be going back.
5	I called on a Monday morning for an appt that day. Lucky me I got right in. I previously got my nails done at another salon in Vegas and I hated it. When I walked into bond I noticed how pretty it was all the ladies where so nice. I sat down with Michele and we got to talking he was so nice and so helpful with my nails. She did such an amazing job. Amber did my design and she did a great job. I am so happy for the first time with my gels. I am very picky and I need a place that can keep up with me!! Well that place is bond!! Everyone keeps complaint about their prices but honestly they are high at all. You're paying for quality!! 35 for a gel manicure are you kidding me I know it will be done right so what's the problem?! I would pay them 50! This team is so amazing. I could sit here all day an tell you how much I love them!! Seriously if you are contliplaying this place just do it!! YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!!
5	I love this place! I have been looking for a nail salon since I no longer work at a spa. The service was great and it was very clean and open. It was nice not to feel like the manicure area is sitting on top of the pedicure area. Tarrah did my full set and it turned out great. I will definitely be going back!
5	This hidden little gem is the bomb-dot-com!!!  Thank you tropical smoothie drive thru and a big special thanks to all you haters for cracking me up with your pathetic reviews.  Ashley and Carolina...you ROCK ladies!  Until we meet again...
5	First, if you have read the bad reviews, MAKE SURE to read the owner, Shawna's, responses. Now, for all you yelpers out there that believe in "if it sounds to good to be true, there must be something wrong", well NOT with this place. ALL the girls are super friendly. The owner and her sister Ashley are the most sweetest people on the planet. Yeah sure we ALL have our off days, but these girls don't let their clients know if they are or are not having an off day. Rachel is the gal I have been going to since February and every time she does an AWESOME job. I would recommend anyone of those girls to ALL my friends including my guy friends.So again, if you think it's too good to be true, you are WAY WRONG. These other comments about the owner parking in the handicap parking, or waiting until after your sixth time coming back to write a bad review, or the prices being two high for your services when you didn't actual pay that price; they all are wrong. Again, If you read these comments take the time to read the owner, Shawna's, response.
4	I tried this place on a friend's recommendation and am glad I did. Very chic atmosphere/decor. Not your typical nail salon. The chairs are actually comfortable oversized armchairs. The girls bring out new clean bowls for each pedi and (bonus) they are American so there's no language barrier or miscommunication. I had Sarah for my pedicure and she was fantastic. I'll definitely go back there and ask for her. Its a nice change from the typical nail salons.
3	I did my research, asked friends and found that Bond was going to be an amazing fit for me! I made my appointment (which I would do) for a Friday night. I was running late due to the rain in Vegas and called to see if this was okay. The receptionist (I forgot to get her name but she was an ABSOLUTE delight) scheduled me for 15 minutes later which worked out perfectly. I found the location and it matched the pictures and the other reviews to a 'T'. I met with my nail artists (who was sweet and wonderful) and described what I wanted and she gave me exactly what I asked for. The service and conversation was exceptional. At the time I left my appointment I was ready to call and schedule my next manicure, add a pedicure, and maybe even try a waxing (eeeek!). I was so excited!Why the low stars then? Well, at Bond they make a pretty big deal out of taking a picture of your nails and posting it on Instagram. I had 3-4 pictures taken on 2 different backgrounds. I immediately told all of my girlfriends to be looking for my picture. I was so excited to have my idea shown off. However, here I sit, 2 days later with no pictures posted. There are pictures from the following day but none of mine. I know this may seem petty and picky but why make a big deal out of taking the pictures if they aren't going to be posted?I plan on giving Bond another shot as I loved everything else about them. But I think I'll pass on the picture option.
5	I received a call from the owner explaining in detail what happened. I can say that I appreciate her honesty and her attention to customer service and satisfaction. I will definitely be going back to Bond.
5	I had Sarah do a spa pedicure. She took me 25 minutes earlier than my appointment which was great. It took about 1.5 hours. I generally don't like nail salons because I hate how they always ask you tons of questions and I'm a private person. Sarah was not nosy and she let me read my book. She was very gentle with my callouses but effective. The atmosphere is great, very high end and not like the cheap fast nail salons.
5	So I went to Bond and I am so glad that I did... I love the fact that on Wednesday's it's industry day and gel manicures are like 28.00.... I have had issues in the past with nails chipping after 1-2 days of getting them done.  Well not here!  Sarah was awesome and we hit it off from the beginning... I will be going back to get my nails done and can't wait to have them done again by Sarah...
5	Loved my nail appointment!!!Just had a great nail experience at Bond with Valerie.  Meticulous. Very nice girl. The decor is very cool. Sitting next to me the client was getting a great design set ....Very pointed and Black, Grey and White. That tech was very nice too. All in all a great experience.  Clean and felt good to be there. I will go back!
5	I just moved to Las Vegas from Washington, DC on Oct. 1 and was stressed out trying to find all new service providers -- a reputable and excellent nail salon being one of my top priorities.  I went to a nail salon close to my home in Red Rock because it was convenient. Unfortunately, location was the only good thing about that salon.  I got a gel mani and acrylic on my toes, unfortunately, it only lasted a few days, not even a week. Plus it was difficult communicating with the nail techs there as their English was remedial at best.  So my search for another salon continued. I came across Bond A Nail Lounge from a promotional mailer, which included 2 coupons. I read the great Yelp reviews and decided to give them a try. It was a good sign when I called to make my appointment that the receptionist spoke perfect English and could answer all the questions I had with regards to setting up my appointment. I had my first appointment with Sarah, who was very nice, professional, friendly and most of all, thorough. Her attention to detail and listening to what I wanted was exceptional. I've been back 3 other times since then and have been very pleased with the way my mani/pedi turned out because not only do they look beautiful, but they last over 2 weeks!   I'm fairly conservative when it comes to my gel mani and more adventurous on my toes. Sarah makes great recommendations on colors and she does fabulous nail art - her work is beautiful, thorough and meticulous. Plus she's a pleasure to talk to, but also lets me relax and read my magazine or my iPhone when I'm not in the mood to talk.  The location of Bond is close to my home, there's plenty of parking in the parking lot and I absolutely love the gorgeous decor of the salon.  It's very stylish and sophisticated, a relaxing oasis that you want to hang out in and totally chill.  A vast difference from a lot of other cheap looking salons that are furnished with cheap laminate office furniture. The staff are friendly and professional, from the owner Shawna,, to Leah the receptionist and the talented team of Nail Artistes. They also offer free beverages and always make sure you're being well looked after.  If only all service providers could be as attentive and excellent as the Bond Girls! LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!
5	Beautiful Glitter Gold on Chanel Red with Porsha & Rachel.  Plus a Great pedicure with leg and foot massage for my husband by Rachel. He is loving it!!!'
5	All I have to say about this place is that it is awesome!!! :) My first experience was not so great. However when I called back and let them know my gel nail polish was peeling off they were willing to redo my nails. I never had the chance to go back because I was busy traveling. A few months later had passed, I decided to give them another shot. Since my first experience went south, but they offered to fix my problem. I went to see Porsha who is very friendly & talented. She never feels like she is rushing you because of her next appointment, she takes her time and does an excellent job every single time! I have been going here for the last few months, i have been getting pink & white acrylics for the last few months they always turn out perfect! Which is a total plus that I always get compliments on my nails being that I work in a corporate office my nails are always awesome because of her! This nail salon is one of the best in my opinion, they always offer you something to drink. There salon is always clean and they all take pride in what they do here, everyone in this salon is very friendly!!!!
5	I absolutely love this place! My nails always look amazing and the gel polish lasts for weeks without chipping. Everyone is so friendly and easy to talk to. Great atmosphere! I highly recommend Bond to all my friends!
5	I have been looking for a new nail salon that is very clean with employees that actually care about your health.   I did a walk-in and Valerie is who did my nails.  Valerie was really sweet and we talked about food, sushi, coffee, and restaurants practically the whole time.  I will make an appointment to see her from now on.  I have finally found a new salon that I can feel good about visiting.  My last salon just seemed to be in a rush for your money and was slacking.  Along with the pedicure I got my fingernails filed and buffed.  They are so shiny after the buffing that it looks like I have a clear coat of polish on but I don't.  The shininess from the buffing lasts a really long time and no polish to remove.  Very comfortable lounge feeling salon.  Two thumbs up for Valerie and Bond Nail Salon.  Woohoo! They all speak english here, except for Boney and Clyde ; )
5	I started coming in January when I got my nails done for my wedding and I am so pleased, they gave gained a happy customer for life.All the ladies are nice and welcoming. I've had my nails done by a couple different girls and I was pleased with them every time. Its a relaxing atmosphere to go and get pampered on a Saturday afternoon.
2	At first sight I loved this salon, cute girls that were friendly & easy to talk to. She understood what I wanted on my nails and they turned out perfect. But not even 24 hours later I had two acrylic nails pop off like they were just taped on there? The next day I lost 1 more. Annoyed I was ready to go back and get them fixed. I made an appointment for the following day, that day came around and I lost 2 more!! What? 3 days after getting a fresh full set I've lost 5 nails.. I was not happy. They were just going to replace the ones that I lost at my appt that day but I thought about it and realized that if they only fixed 5 of the broke off nails than the other five would be popping of in a day or two. So I decided not to go back because it wasn't worth it. I wish they would have stayed on cuz I loved the salon but there to expensive to be just falling off a day later.
5	First time here and what a great vibe. Pleasant atmosphere and great service. Treated like royalty. Had a great pedicure given by Rachael. Thanks to my mom for the treat :)
5	YAS. YAS. YAS. on so many levels. To be honest, I had mixed feeling about this place, I saw all the good reviews but questioned whether or not I would receive the same treatment. It's difficult to find places that take young girls seriously. I had my appointment two days before Valentines Day at 10am when the nail lounge opened. I arrived about 5 minutes late, but it was no problem (+ called to let them know) they didn't seem to mind. Upon arriving their amazing receptionist, seriously shes so nice and has great phone etiquette, checked me in and showed me where I could pick my color. Once seated I had two girls attend on me, for the life of me I can't remember their names and I even called back twice to get their names but they were amazing. They are down to earth girls who make you feel at home, like you're getting your nails done with your best friend. I really appreciated how they knew when to talk to me, ask me questions etc. My gels stayed intact for very long time, and I got compliment on the color everywhere (samba something?), my toes were also amaze. The me bath, is like a little spa treatment for your feet, I highly recommend if you need a little extra love and relaxing in your life. Overall I left happy, and with beautiful hands and feet. I made another appt right away. If you're looking to relax, laugh, have a good time and get your nails done I would recommend this place! LOVE.
5	Best nail salon I have ever been to! The salon is SUPER clean and elegantly decorated. First, let me start by saying that this is not your run of the mill chop shop. These girls are legit nail artists that will give you exactly what you ask for. I brought in a picture of the nails I wanted, and I got an identical (actually better) replica. I paid less for my full set w/ 3-D art than I used to for a gel mani at other places!!! My technician was Sarah, and she was AMAZING, but I'd bet all the girls are great. I work in the Las Vegas spa industry, previously as a massage therapist and esthetician, and currently as a spa manager of a property on the strip. This place delivers just as good of a service (if not better) than strip spas, at half the price. I will be back again and again. Keep on doing what you do Bond.!!!
5	Really enjoyed Bond {a nail lounge} today. The salon is not your typical nail salon. It's quite lovely and edgy at the same time. They don't have massage chairs, but they bring a huge clean bowl of water to soak your feet. One girl did my mani and one did my pedi...both were gentle and did not dig at my cuticles or tickle my feet. I highly recommend them. Rachel and Emily are fantastic.
5	Love this place. I love that all the girls speak English and that the decor is super chic and upscale. Rachel had done my nails a few times and she's the best. All the ladies are super sweet and cute. It was a little weird the 1st time I went in that I didn't get my nails soaked before they started working on them but they always have come out looking great. And although they don't have the spa jets for the pedicures my little piggies have always felt and looked great. One recommendation / request I'd have would be to get more colors. I always get a gel mani but not on my toes always and it would be nice to have a bigger selection to choose from for my pedicure. I'm so thankful and grateful I found this little gem neat my home!
5	I've only been to this nail lounge once but that's all it took to make me a regular. I was a walk-in but I wanted a full set so I had to wait about an hour for an appointment, but that was no problem! I'd stopped there on my way home from work so I just grabbed lunch and stayed at home until my appointment. When I showed up again the receptionist was a different girl but immediately greeted me and referred to me by name once she told me to go ahead and take a seat, and asked if I wanted something to drink. The customer service is absolutely where Bond shines and (especially in Vegas) that makes a huge impression on me.Sarah did my full set of acrylics and they're fantastic! One of my favorite things about the experience is that she was very conscious of my preference for short nails. (I know, I know--why get acrylics if I just want little baby nails? I have ridiculously weak nails and short nail beds so my natural nails rarely get to the tiny length i prefer before tearing and breaking down the middle.) There was a little miscommunication entirely on my part--the second receptionist asked if I wanted a color or not and I assumed this meant something other than just typical white french tips so I said no, I just wanted a normal french tip. So Sarah went to work on making them look natural and when I mentioned it, she immediately offered to go ahead and do the french manicure as well, even though the nails were beautiful on their own. She and all the other employees give off a great, friendly attitude that makes the salon feel more like a chic hangout spot than a simple nail salon.  I'm on my third day of having my acrylics and none of them have weakened or popped off, which is great since I have had that issue in the past even with my favorite salon back in California.The only thing I could consider a negative is that Bond is a bit pricier than other places in the area, but given how friendly and attentive everyone is it's more than reasonable and I didn't hesitate to set up a rebooking because of that. I'm so glad I gave Bond a try because I had been so attached to the place I went to in the Bay Area and just sort of gave up on my nails in the last couple years. Thanks to this great lounge and these great girls my nails are looking cute again!
5	I'm sure the girls probably thought I was crazy with the way I was raving about absolutely everything but I couldn't help it! From the minute I called to get my appointment to the actual nails themselves, I couldn't have dreamed of a better salon. Emily was my nail tech, and she was the absolute best. She was so gentle and asked me if I liked the shape/color/etc. through the full process. My last experience at a nail salon (if you could even call it that) was so traumatic, but this one has turned everything around. You've gained a customer for life! Thank you for being so awesome!!
5	I think I've found a new home for my nails!!  I'm not a serial nail shop hopper...as a matter of fact, I'm quite loyal!  I moved to Las Vegas 7 years ago and stayed with my same nail tech for nearly 6 years!  She moved away, and I went to one other place before I found BOND. My BFF was visiting from Los Angeles, and we decided to do nails!  I'm not sure why or how I decided to come here...but I'm so happy I did!  (I'm okay with calling it FATE!) We were greeted by a very nice girl, who offered us beverages.  Our tech's were right on time...and we were seated side by side for pedi's first.  It was super relaxing and comfortable.  I just love the whole atmosphere of the shop.  *I made some mental notes on decorating tips for my next home* seriously. :)So, anyways, again...the shop is super cute, they are organized (with a computer system to log appointments), I appreciated that the girls took their time to clean their work stations and keep the polishes, stencils, etc. clean and tidy...little things, you know?  After pedi's came mani's...thank goodness Emily had told me about the shop's Instagram during my pedicure...I had found the design I wanted by the time my manicure began.  *SOO CUTE* You have to go check out their Instagram!!  Both of our manicures turned out perfectly!  I'm going on day 13 of my gel mani and I don't have a single chip, dent, or problem with any finger.  YIPPEE!!Anyways, the whole experience was easy and comfortable (can I say it again?  it was comfortable).  I think that's the most important part for me...oh, and the amazingly cute nails are a big "plus" too. :)  Another reviewer mentioned that all the girls speak English, and surprisingly...that made a huge difference (for me).  GO, run..call them now.  You won't be disappointed.
2	I'm sad...I wanted to love this place as the decor that I saw when I walked in is beautiful and I read a lot of great reviews here on Yelp.  Unfortunately, I can't even review their service because I did not get to have the mani-pedi that I thought I had scheduled.  I called yesterday (Monday) and made a 1:00 appointment for a manicure-pedicure, figuring it was better to make an appointment than walk-in, even though the sign on the door says walk-ins are taken.  I told the person who made my appointment that I had a gift certificate for $50 for a mani-pedi that I had been given a year ago and wanted to make sure it did not expire.  She told me it did not, and she repeated my appointment information, "1:00 on Tuesday the 17th for a manicure-pedicure."  I put it in my phone calendar even though it was only the next day because I had several things planned for the day.I arrived today five minutes early for my appointment only to be told that my appointment was actually for 1:45, and that I would have to wait.  Okay...mistakes happen.  But on further discussion, it was discovered that my appointment was only made for a manicure (I typically only get pedicures, so if it had only been noted as a pedicure, then maybe I would have thought it was my mistake), and I would not be able to get my services done at all.  No apology offered, so I felt maybe I had done something wrong in booking my appointment.  I asked what I needed to do to make sure that my appointment would be booked properly for the next time.  The girl at reception said, "Book it right now."  (didn't know that rule!) Still no apology, as if I had done something wrong.  I told her I was going to go somewhere else since I had set aside the time for my appointment and had even sent friends home who were over for a pool date at my place.  Then she said, "I'm sorry... just book your appointment Tuesday through Saturday so I can put it in.  This is the second time this has happened today."  I said, "That is the first time you've said you're sorry...I feel like I did something wrong."  At that point, she offered to call a technician to see if one would come in to do my services, but I told her at that point, I felt they would only be doing that because made an issue about it.  She said nothing to that, so I assume that would be the case.  Bummer.  I left without getting my mani-pedi and went to a place that accepts walk-ins.I hope that I get a chance to use my gift certificate and like this place.  I am a bit leery about setting an appointment and actually thinking I will get one at my scheduled time, but everyone makes mistakes, and unfortunately, today, it was at my expense.  My suggestion would be to do a little bit more to make things right, even if it's only an apology offered right away, especially when you know that the mistake is on your end (since I was the second wrongly scheduled appointment today) and don't wait for the customer to voice displeasure.  I'm happy so many people have had great experiences and I hope that this will be the case for me!
5	This is really cute and awesome place for my daughter and myself. I'd love to come back soon!! Thank you all staff and Rainey!! Rainey!! You're an awesome artist!!!
5	I had a wonderful experience at Bond yesterday. A big thank you and shout out goes to Maisha, who gave me an amazing gel manicure (in "Pink Smoothie" with iridescent glitter) and Leah, the friendly receptionist who booked my appointment and warmly greeted me. I will definitely be back!
5	I love this place.. All the girls are funny and sweet.. My technician Gaby is beyond perfect.. I give her a basic color and she finds the best shade and she can do any designs!!!! Prices are good and I love the fact they take their time.. You'll never need to worry about them rushing to get the next person in your seat. Clean, stylish, and fun atmosphere!!!
5	Love love love this salon. Best nail techs around. They offer you fresh citrus water, coffee, etc.They are all so much fun to chat with and be around. I always leave there feeling incredible happy with my nails. They get really creative and do some fun stuff!! Ashley is the best. Love her energy and efficiency!
5	I'm in Love! This place is amazing, Leah (receptionist)is super nice and my nail tech Gabby is the best, she is so sweet and professional. I will not go anywhere else!!! I'm so use to doing acrylic but since I've been coming to Bond I've been getting Gel manis. Which I love! Gabby does a great job on my pedis and manis. I usually never change nail techs, but a friend told me about this place because I was looking for a nail place that could do a good job on manicures. So I decided to try it. They definitely exceeded my expectations. Thank you :)
5	I came here after looking through yelp to find a new nail salon. And I am so happy to have found Bond! I called in on a Tuesday and they were able to fit me in by Thursday.  The level at talent in the salon is impressive. The interior is gorgeous and the staff is sooooo nice! I had two girls working on me at once and they were very pleasant and got me out of there quickly which is nice. :) I got a regular pedicure and gel mani and they turned out beautiful!!! Thank you to Bond so much I will be back, I have found my new regular nail place!
5	I've been twice already and I'm about to go a third time. They have the perfect balance between the things I need most in a nail salon, particularly for gels:* price is right ( yes, this is number 1)* hours of ops ( they have convenient hours)* availability ( they can always get me in)* chatter ( this might sound weird, but I love that most of the girls here are young tattooed beauties that speak English, so there is no foreign banter about you while you're sitting there)* atmosphere ( the place is gorgeously decorated and they have fruit infused water)* front desk ( she's great, I love her)* vibe ( this should not be last on my lists of needs, but I almost forgot it; it is important and the vibe is nice here. Looks upscale, yet still feels cozy and friendly)So, as you can see above, there is really no need for me to go anywhere else!Give 'em a try!
5	Great work! My feet look great, the massage was wonderful, and this place is clean and professional.  Services started right at my appointment time.
5	Uhhhhhh where have I been that I never knew about this place until someone's friend  recommended this place to me? I refused to get a pedi after I got a nail infection from one of those popular Asian nail shops. The one lady that I did go to is always booked and I never took initiative to book ahead. Overall I loved it. There's no massage chairs but I never used it anyways. They use a big cool looking bowl (easy to sanitize guys). The instruments are in barbicide which makes me feel secure about it being clean. Everything is chill and I love the decor. Sarah was cool too. It seems like most clients are just there to relax so it's pretty quiet. I know I will be back!P.S. There should never be masks when you walk into a nail shop. bond nail does not smell at all! Way to go!!!
5	Bond {a nail lounge} is a breath of fresh air in a very polluted market.  I dropped in for my first visit and a pedicure today.  I was immediately impressed with the energy of the atmosphere as well as the upscale decor.   Nice decor only goes so far and the real goods are what matter most to me.  I was not disappointed!!  I was not kept waiting.  The nail professional was just that:  PROFESSIONAL.  Her method was thorough and careful yet efficient all at the same time.  She took care of details that are important to me.  It was like a throwback to a beautiful salon with great service.  Sadly, that is something that is harder and harder to find...but look no more....I've found it here!!  It was an excellent pedicure and lovely experience.
5	I'm really picky about my gel manicures and freak out when the polish is over the cuticle (or, in a sense, "outside of the lines").  I used to go to Polished in the Southwest, but since I moved away from that area, I needed to find another nail stop.I'm SO happy I found this place.  The prices are MUCH more reasonable than Polished, the girls are all so great, and the atmosphere is super hip.  Emily is amazing and gets my manicures done faster than I've ever had (which I love because I get bored watching my nails get done).  Leah, the receptionist, is also such a pleasure to work with.  I love having her on the other side of the line when I'm trying to make an appointment.Don't settle on that nail salon next to whatever grocery store you're stopping by on the way home from work.  Make the stop here and you'll never go back.
5	I was really thinking I may never get a pedicure again after a terrible experience 3 months ago. I had heard great things about Bond and decided to give it a chance. My daughter and I made appointments over the phone on a Tuesday and were fitted into the schedule first thing Thursday morning. The super friendly receptionist called us the next day to confirm the appointment (which I love because I often forget to write the time down) We were greeted at the door and offered beverages. The first thing I noticed was how CLEAN the salon was! There was no overwhelming smell of chemicals or polish YAY! Everyone was smiling and friendly, we were comfortable and felt very welcome. Once I was introduced to the woman who was doing my mani pedi I had explained to her my bad experience at the previous salon and she literally baby stepped me throughout the process of what she would do. WHY DID I NOT COME HERE BEFORE?? She was so great! Not only did I get a fantastic mani pedi, but great conversation and literally felt like I was making new friends. The price was great AND cheaper than the salon I had a bad experience at. The hours are super accommodating also! The salon feels like you are relaxing in a posh lounge, very comfortable! The most surprising yet fantastic thing?? Everyone speaks english and I could understand and converse with EVERYONE. My daughter and I have been to Bond three times now and it just keeps getting better! We have found our forever home with Bond! Thank you SO MUCH!
4	First time here and I loved it!!! I got what I asked for!! I'm not giving 5 stars because I got charged $52 since somehow I got gel and I wanted just polish but I wasn't paying attention but other than that thank you going back for a pedicure
5	I absolutely Love this place!!! It is very refreshing! The decor is awesome!!! Sarah did a great job on my nails!
