3	Frisbee golf course in phoenix?! Heck yes! This is a great little park, soccer fields, basketball courts, baseball fields, kidding area and bathrooms.
4	Great little park, my 6yo and 10yo love playing on the playground and running around in the desert pretending to be coyotes or horses. Great disc golf and some short hiking/Mtn biking trails too
4	If playing frisbee golf in a canal that's been converted into a park isn't your thing, then feast your eyes on this beast! Hills, or are they mini mountains? You decide when throwing those frisbees to your heart's delight!Be forewarned, this is not a course for the beginner. There are many desert shrubbery, trees, and other unforeseen obstacles that await you around every turn. Make sure you bring extra bright frisbees, because you can spend countless minutes, sometimes up to 15 or 20 minutes searching for them! The scenery is great though. Around this time, there are many wildflowers that grow and it's not too hot this time of year in late January and early February. This appears to be a popular spot for frisbee golf enthusiasts because there were two groups not far in front of us and two groups after us during the midday Saturday before noon. With only 2 people, you can get through games fairly quickly, but with 4 people in our group we let some groups play through since only two of us actually had some skill while the other two didn't. I shall return though! This park offers a difference change of pace and scenery!
5	This is a challenging disc golf course. Lots of desert shrubbery, rocks, and rough terrain. Several holes are equipped with flags so that you can see them peeking out from the brush. You are going for a decently difficult hike when you play this course, so dress accordingly. I enjoy courses with elevation change and this one certainly has that. The course is set up as an 18 holer but there is also a 27 holer available through my favorite scoring app (UDisc). The playground, fields, and facilities are all kept up nicely. I have also biked these trails on my mountain bike and they are nice and smooth and not as difficult to navigate as the disc golf course is. Really fun place!
5	One of my favorite Disc Golf courses in Phoenix. Rugged terrain is hard on discs and ankles but well worth the hike.
