5	I have known Amy for a few years now.. She does amazing work for photoshoots (whether simple hairdos up to extreme styling - truly an artist), and I recently had her cut my hair - I couldn't be happier!I wanted a slight update to my current style (layers with bangs).. But didn't quite now how to explain what I wanted - not a drastic change, but change enough - and I didn't have to be too specific, and I got exactly what I wanted! :)  Thank you Amy!!Bubbly personality and a true artist at what she does - you can tell she has a passion and skill  for doing hair. Her new salon she is working at is fabulous, as well. Clean environment, but not too "snobby" where you feel out of place! I would consider her prices to be more than fair (especially considering the North Scottsdale location) - if not a steal, for the type of quality and service you get! I high recommend anyone to get your hair either cut, colored, trimmed, styled (for a night out, photoshoot, or even bridal work) -- she is amazing at her skill and a fantastic person, on top of that!
5	Amy is incredible!! She took be from a blue black hair color to a beautiful brown, without damaging my hair!! She is the best!!! I'm also a professional makeup artist and I've worked with Amy on several projects including everything from weddings to magazines. Her work is impeccable. She is a professional in every way. You can count on her to deliver whatever you can dream up!I highly recommend her!!!
5	Amy is amazing! I have been going to the same hair stylist to get my hair cut and colored for the past several years and felt that it was time for a change. At her request, I brought Amy a few photos and using these, Amy gave me an entirely updated style and much lighter and fresher color.  Plus, she showed me a few tips on how to style my new haircut a few different ways as well. Amy is not only professional, she's thoroughly up to date on the latest hair trends on cuts, colors and styles. I will definitely begin referring her to not only my friends, but also my colleagues in the entertainment industry- as I own a model and talent agency here in the Valley. Very excited to have found Amy!!!
5	Amy is great!  She styled my hair, as well as my bridesmaids' hair for my wedding and I couldn't have been happier!  A few weeks before the big day, I had an initial consultation with Amy to discuss the style I wanted.  I brought a few pictures, but wasn't exactly sure of the look I wanted as I am very picky with my hair. Amy really took her time to listen to what I wanted (and didn't want) and she came up with the perfect style for my wedding day! On the day of the wedding, Amy arrived on time at our hotel and was ready to go! She really made sure all of my bridesmaids had a style they loved and took time to talk to each one about what they wanted.  Amy was so friendly and efficient, we even finished our hair early! I absolutely loved my wedding day hairstyle and received many compliments.  Not to mention, it stayed perfect all night long! I couldn't have been happier with Amy! She was friendly, professional, and truly a master at her craft.  I definitely recommend!
5	Amy is one of the best hairstylists I have ever been to. I went to Pucci salon yesterday for a haircut/style and was very impressed with how much time she took to find out exactly what I wanted and to show me different ways I could style my hair on my own. She was very friendly during the haircut and I loved hearing her stories about being a celebrity stylist. I will definitely be returning. Thanks Amy!
