1	WELCOME HOME TO "BIG BROTHER."  I have lived in numerous upscale apartment complexes over the years, and never had an issue.  However, living at Canyon Villa is like living under the microscope of management.  The management routinely contacts law enforcement and provides them with the names and apartment numbers of residents who have out-of-state license plates on their vehicles.  Read other reviews from other websites and you will see that I am not the only one complaining of this practice.  I was on a temporary assignment in Nevada and received a notice on my vehicle regarding my out-of-state license plates that had been reported to law enforcement by management. This resulted in time and expense of having to go through the court process to explain the temporary nature of my residency.  One morning, I placed my trash outside my door for a period of 50 minutes and took it out when I went to work.  When I returned home from work, a manager notice was on my door instructing me not to leave my trash by the front door.  That means someone would have had to observe trash in front of my door from 8:00am to 8:50am.  I agree that trash should not be on the front door, but it is very disconcerting to know that management took notice during a 50 minute time frame.  I am a responsible pet owner who always picks up pet waste.  Another day I came home from work only to find a manager notice on my door regarding pet waste, a notice for which I was singled out merely because I am a pet owner.  Another time, I had placed storage bins on my patio.  I received yet another manager notice on my door instructing me that storage bins cannot be placed on the patio.  It was not a pleasant feeling to come home wondering what sort of notice would be on my door.
1	Do yourself a favor and stay at a hotel until you find a nice house. DO NOT sign a lease with these crooks. I signed a 6 month lease after moving to the area for an internship. The internship turned to a career and the lease turned into a nightmare. In January 2014 I moved to canyon villas from the Seattle area. It was nice enough, with a pool, and an "Exercise" room, I figured for $1100 a month it was a good enough deal. However after a few months in the area I realized this is way too much for what you get.... Luckily I only signed a 6 month lease so No big deal, I can move into a nice house for $1000 a month and it will have been a good enough place for 6 months...... Boy was I wrong. Upon moving into my apartment in the first week.... My dishwasher exploded with foam. apparently it hadn't been cleaned properly. My Ice machine broke..... 3 times. they tried to "fix it" each time,  and needless to say I have been buying bags of ice for the last 2 months while my ice machine spits dirt into my freezer.The master bathroom also had some plumbing issues, this caused my bathroom wall to flood and suffer water damage. When I asked that it be repaired, they told me it wasnt a big deal, but my bathroom smelled like mold for weeks after. And when they finally came to repair it, they left all the moldy crap they scraped from the wall, in my little bathroom garbage can. They literally piled drywall and construction debris into a 3 gallon trash can then left it for me to take out. The second bathroom also flooded due to a disgusting rotten seal in the shower door. If I was in college I could see how these would be minor, but at nearly 30, this sh*t is gross. Now to the pool/gym.....The pool is actually pretty nice, besides the fact that it is only 3.5 ft at its deepest. The exercise room on the other hand is in shambles. The universal has some jankey cables and is missing pins to secure the weights, also several of the weight plates are broken. Be careful opening the gates to the pool however, they are often jammed and have sharp rusty edges. Now to the move out. GOOD F*CKING LUCK!My lease was only for 6 months. I had made it pretty clear I would not be staying any longer, however apparently if you don't submit a notice in their office, they are able to make you stay.... crazy huh? apparently even if you get into a screaming match with the manager and say you cant wait to move out at the end of the month, you must still submit it in writing.... They will  definitely be hearing from my lawyer.Also they will not disclose your rental verification unless you pay them $35. I have lived in 5 different states and this had never happened to me before. I told them I wasn't going to pay it and they basically said good luck with your move, but they wont let me leave for another 30 days because apparently telling them you're leaving isn't the same as a notice to vacate. Also since I have been here, they have raised the cost of water, when no company in Las Vegas has raised their prices.  they also have only one dumpster that is constantly overflowing, and is a cesspool for cockroaches and other creatures. That alone should be a good enough reason to get out of a lease. Unsuitable/unsanitary conditions. It smells like carnival bathroom, and don't breathe if its over 105. the garbage juice boils over and gags you all the way from your car.
1	For being in the top third area code for Summerlin it is a shame the company and its management don't act that way. The property has the most grass and trees than the majority of the complexes around and the neighbors are good. They should be with the kind of rent they're paying! It's a dream complex to have if the the owner, OLEN, really gave a rats ass.The company hires management for a very short amount of time. They last maybe six to eight months at most. Management has no control whatsoever in the decision making process. If you need something done...forgettaboutit.  Leasing agents are here to fill apartments, cause that is the only way they make money, and management is here to collect your rent. That is all the company allows them to do. They management stays long enough to piss off every resident due to disrespect and disconcern. I wish they would just be honest with residents and tell them I have no authority. I am just here to listen to complaints. Smile and nod. No customer service ethic in the least. In a community like this, the neighbors don't want to see the maintenance man (they have continuously given permission to enter to fix things in their home) hauled off in handcuffs!! It is a gated complex. Awesome! However, management will tell you they are not "security gates" which is why they turn a blind eye when they are broken and don't close and are being repaired for 6 weeks. In this one particular time frame, we've had a stolen vehicle make its way into our community where three individuals camped out in one of the front parking lots during the weekend. When Highway Patrol finally traced it to our complex, we had Highway Patrol pull weapons out on the car on a bright afternoon at 2:30pm while residents and children strolling about. While we are on security, there are constant break ins on the downstairs apartments. The doors are easy to kick in. The "thieves" obviously aren't career criminals because the items they take are frivilous. The company has yet to address the issue. When helicopters are circling over your apartment complex multiple times with searchlights... I think you should do something... but they don't. Anyway. If you are thinking about renting here, talk to a neighbor first and then decide. I've read the reviews on this site and they are pretty legitimate complaints. A direct result of how management can piss off even the nicest people. I would recommend the other complexes in the same area; companies other than OLEN. (ie: Tuscany,  Belvedere, Altessa) or rent a home.
