5	I can't believe I am the first to review this place, first off the asian guy who runs the place is super nice, but the doughnuts he makes are incredible.  He even talked to me about how he got his donut recipes.  There are 2 types of donuts in this world, cake and raised.  His cake donuts are good, great even but his raised donuts are magical.  I don't know what else to say, glazed twist, maple bar, chocolate raised, FRIGGING ABSOLUTELY AWESOME.  Everyone I have ever brought these too or everyone who knows about this place that I know loves it. They open at like 11PM to start making donuts I think and they are always fresh and a lot of times warm.  Hands down the best raised donut I have ever had in my life (more like the best 100 raised donuts I have ever had in my life).  I am glad to give this place props and I hope you try it.Support your local donut shop, Krispy Kreme is so 2002!
5	I can't believe I haven't written a review for this place yet. I don't know how that happened. I pretty much agree with everything that Joe P. said in his review.1. Asian guy who runs it is nice and theres just something about him that screams donuts lol2. I have not been disappointed yet by any donuts I have gotten here.3. Prices are fantastic4. Hours are strange but great for the late night muchies. If I'm not mistaken he is open from 10pm to 4am.5. CREAM CHEESE FILLED DONUT. Need I say more?Go give this guy a try and as usual... SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL DOUGHNUT SHOPS! They are better and cheaper than the chain  monsters.
4	I concur with the previous 2 reviews of this place. I have been going there for years. The doughnuts are magic. Everything that flies out of the door is exceptional. The cake doughnuts are good sized, crispy exterior, moist interior, with the perfect amount of frosting. The raised doughnuts are fluffy, moist, and also with just the right dose of glaze. One word of caution, make sure you are getting the ones made that day. The day old ones are not as good, not marked, and NOT discounted, if in doubt, ask. The hours are kind of weird for a doughnut shop. Proprietor is nice and looks a little like a doughboy, I guess quality control is done by tasting the wares. Homer Simpson would be pleased, you will be too.
4	This is a good yeast raised donut. Big and chewy. Glaze is just right - not too much. Warning: cash only. Also get there early if you want a better selection.
1	Maybe everything was wrong with this donut run, but I decided to try to make an attempt at Las Vegas Donut House for 2 reasons: it's close to my house, and it's open 11 pm to morning. Sounds great right?A dozen donuts are $8. The selection out looked ok, and I asked the guy behind the counter which ones were fresh. He said they were all made that day. We walked into the place around 11:30 and all I smelled walking in was Lysol, no donuts. Maybe what he meant by "that day" was 24 hours ago? I'm not one to go off first impressions off food establishments usually the dingier it is the better the food is so we ordered the dozen donuts and drove home.The first donut I bit into which was just a plain old glazed donut tasted exactly like Lysol. Maybe you think I am crazy and because I smelled it earlier, my brain told me it tasted that way too. Because that's what I thought, until I made someone else take a bite into Lysol Donut. And we both agreed that this donut for some reason tasted just like cleaning chemicals. How? I don't want to know. Gross!The rest of the donuts were tested with small bites, and while the other ones did not have the Lysol Donut taste, they really weren't great. And definitely not fresh. The raised donuts were too thick and not airy enough and  the cake donuts had the same texture throughout. We threw out an entire box of donuts, which is something that has never happened before. Save your money and time and drive to Donut Hut 2 miles away.
5	This is by far the best donut place in Vegas. I usually stop in once a week after work and grab my kids a half dozen if they were good (90% of the time they are). The rainbow sprinkle cake donuts are amazing...they take me back to when I was a child. The prices are really good and the hours work for me (9pm to 10am...I am almost positive). Plus....the Asian guy everyone talks about (by the way his name is Choy....rhymes with boy) is super cool. Always remembers me and asks about work and family. Will always come here for my donut needs.
2	As stated in my first donut shop review (Al's Donuts), I make it my business to hunt down the yummiest donuts in the area and 'Las Vegas Donut House' is my second stop. I picked up a dozen donuts around 10pm (they open at 9) of a wide variety for $10 and had a couple negative experiences I've NEVER had from donuts (or any food, for that matter).. thus the 'Meh. I've experienced better' 2 star rating. For those interested, specific details are as follows: At home I dove into a donut-trying smorgasbord and helped myself immediately to 4: First try: maple cruller. I took a bite and immediately spat it back out. It has the texture of a stale sponge! I've NEVER taken a bite of a donut that had such an offensive texture. Second try: plain. Yummy! Just like cake. Third try: cinnamon roll. Great cinnamon flavor and perfect outer layer but doughy in the middle. Fourth try: chocolate glazed and my second negative experience. MUCH to my surprise, my negative experience echos a previous reviewer's... initial bite was good but then I started tasting something strange. After concentrating on the flavor, it was very VERY reminiscent of PINE SOL! Not trusting my senses (maybe I ate too many donuts) I asked my friend to see if he tasted anything abnormal and he did, too! He was also with me when I purchased the donuts and he commented that it reminded him of the smell of the store and that he was suspicious of the donut quality upon initial observation - and smell - of the donut shop. So, overall, I'm electing to not buy donuts from 'Las Vegas Donut House' again. I rated it 2 stars instead of 1 because the cake donut was yummy and the cinnamon roll was -almost- perfect.
5	Honestly, the best donuts I've ever had ever. Instead of their simple yellow sign that says "DONUT" they should change their name to Donut Awesomeness or Donut Bestieverhadness or something like that.I'm a big donut fan, but finding good donuts can be completely hit and miss. Their either not fresh or too heavy or just bad tasting. That's not the case at the Las Vegas Donut House. They have perfected the art of donut making. My personal favorite is the chocolate twist bar. All of the donuts are fresh and fluffy, the frosting is sweet and creamy. It's truly a treat. I never knew that happiness was only $.85 away until I tried one of their tasty donuts. I highly recommend kicking off your morning with a few don-don's and maybe an OJ. I promise you won't be disappointed.
3	The donuts were okay.  Kind of dough-y.
5	Krispy Kreme, I am leaving you for the Las Vegas Donut House. Their glazed might not be quite as good as yours, but the rest?  Oh yeah. And their hours, 9 PM - 11 AM? Yeah, that works out real well for me. Add in the fact it is just a couple of blocks from my house, and this relationship is now solid! In all seriousness, these donuts are incredibly good.
5	donot miss the donut .
5	Fresh, fresh, fresh fresh! These are the softest fluffiest donuts I have found in Las Vegas. I have tried a few different donuts but my all time favorite is the simple sugar donut or twist.  He is known to sell out sometimes.  The prices are great too.
4	Nice, fluffy donuts. The location is hidden behind Buca de Beppo. Best donuts in Las Vegas? Dont think so. But better than chain donut stores. Dont like their hours. Wish their selection was better.
5	I would normally not write a review about a mom and pop doughnut shop....but these doughnuts are awesome!I stopped by around 10.30 pm and was having a sugar craving.  When I walked in, i was not impressed........an old dingy place that caters to late night drunks.I took a look at their selection and ordered an Apple Fritter and left.When I got back to my Hotel Room, I took a bite and was floored!  This Fritter was so FRESH, FLUFFY and SOOOO GOOD!  For less than $2.00, it was a dreamy Las Vegas treat just as good if not better than a $15.00 gourmet desert at a casino.I just love these hole in the wall places that serve awesome food!
1	Umm...don't know what the deal with this place is. Claim to be open certain hours, but every time I visit within those hours, they are closed...
5	excellent doughnuts open at odd hours, all night while the owner bakes. the price is great and the doughnuts are as good as it gets!!
5	Today we had a donut tasting contest with the what have to be the best donut places in town.  LV Donut House won for sure!  We compared raised donuts only - Donut House had the most delicious fluffy and light donut!  Can't wait to try more!
5	Strangest hours but great donuts!!! Hours were 10pm to 11am. Tried several donuts :) and found them all to be excellent, especially the lemon filled and Bavarian cream. Yummy !!!  A must if craving donuts late night in Las Vegas.
5	I've driven by many donut shops. I've also tried many of them. The hyped shops usually are just overrated. I thought this was the same. It has weird hours but I was able to make it at 3am. Their apple fritters and bear claw are amazing. They are also ginormous. I had the cream cheese donut but couldn't finish it since I'm not a fan. The maple with barvarian cream was to die for. There was so much cream in it. Not like those other shops that skimp out. Try it. You won't be disappointed.
5	This is hands down one of Las Vegas best doughnut shops. They are open early and close by 12 noon. They freshly bake their doughnuts every morning, and no matter what time You come in they are always fluffy and fresh and full of flavor! They have a great assortment. The glazed doughnuts is one of my favorites. If you are in search of vegas best doughnuts this is the place! If you don't believe me check it out yourself.
3	It's a basic simple donut house. Everything is behind the counter. Nothing on the amazing rack for creative flavors or options. Pretty basic and simple. A locals place to go for a coffee and donut. It's right behind mortons steakhouse so theirs that.
5	Real good - seems home made- staff was awesome - family owned & operated- she had the glazed & I had the filled eclair -
5	Donuts done right. Went with the family and tried four different donuts and all were absolutely delicious. Cinnamon crumb yeast donut was my favorite. It's not a fancy place but the donuts are first class.
