2	I just went to this restaurant after it opened. The problem is not really with the food but with the atmosphere. The music was extremely loud. No one could talk to each other at our own table. Another issue was how they were serving the beer. They bought us a beer that had the top of the head a good half inch to inch below the top of the glass, This was consistent for all 3 of our beers. One person in our group mentioned this to the server that delivered them and we were told this was the proper way it was to be served. After we looked at all the other beers being brought out, they were all with the head at the top of the glass. We spoke to the manager about it when he came by to check on us and he said again that ours were served properly. We showed him all the other beers and he said, "Huh?" It would seem that a new place would be interested in feedback and try to take it in a little better than in a more confrontational way.The food was good. The majority of us had wings. They had a ton of flavors which was nice. Unfortunately, you have to order a minimum of 6 of a flavor so it doesn't leave much opportunity for experimenting. I had the Caribbean Jerk and the Parmesan. They were good just not enough to really entice me to come back. There are some other places near by with great wings and we can actually talk to each other when we go.
4	Tonight was the first time we had ever been to a Buffalo Wild Wings and  we were pleasantly surprised. When we first walked in I was put off a little by the music. As another reviewer wrote about this location I will agree it is really loud. The greeters at the front are very warm and nice. Our server was extremely helpful and friendly. Since we had never been in before he took the time to point out everything on the menu and recommended a few of his favorites. My fiance, mother-in-law to be and I shared an appetizer of wings. We had the mild sauce on half and hot bbq on the other. The wings were BOMB! Then we had our meals. They said their burgers were to die for, and the onion rings were delicious as well. As for my build your own chicken sandwich, it was ok. I should have ordered a burger, but all in all we had an awesome experience. Music- a little too loud, food- friggin fantastic, service- damn good, atmosphere- typical sports bar. We will return again! :)
5	This restaurant is newly opened and certainly going over the top to make and keep customers.  It is very much a sports bar type environment.  By that I don't mean Applebee's or TGI Friday's type sports bar.   Those are more family restaurants that just happen t6o have TVs in the bar area with the game on.  Buffalo Wild Wings is truly a Sports Bar.  TVs are everywhere and showing about 7 different channels.  Rock music is blasting, and those fun trivia games available on request.  Do not go here expecting a quiet time to chat with friends.  There are no business lunches here.  You go here to be loud, drink, and watch the game with great food.Food is excellent.  Never had a bad meal here and they will always cook to order.  If you ask for 6 wings and each wing to be a different flavor, they will do it for you.  They will even put the sauce on your fries if you ask.  My drink was never empty, food was hot and fast.  And the bill was less than I expected.I really don't know what more I can ask from this place.
3	Friendly disclaimer - I am VERY particular about my wings and well - they just didn't live up to my expectations.  Considering I had wings and strips, I think I will save my money and go somewehre else next time. I have to be fair and think others might enjoy - just not my thing.
2	Today was the first time I have been here.  My daughter (who loves wings) wanted to try it.  We arrived at about 4:20 in the afternoon and were seated right away.  Our server took the drink orders quickly and by 4:30 we had ordered our food.  That was the last we saw of our server for another 30 minutes!  All around servers and kitchen staff were having wonderful chat time at the expense of the diners.  When the server came to ask if we wanted refills, I asked about our food (boneless wings and spinach artichoke flatbread) and was told that it should be done shortly, but the flatbread takes a little longer in the oven.  My refill and our meal arrived at the same time, another 15 minutes later.  I'm sorry, but if the flatbread takes over 40 minutes to make, there should really be a warning in the menu.  Was the food good- yeah.  Was it 45 minutes good- nope, nothing really is, especially an appetizer!
1	Poor experience over the course of 3 visits.  Staff is friendly however they do not seem to be focused exclusively on customer service, as their personal conversations amongst each other appear to take priority.  Orders take much too long to arrive, wings are soft and void of any crisp,and  food is  over priced and lacks a developed value.  On a positive note, the GM offered to make an attempt to remedy the situation which I have yet to take him up on.
3	The Thai curry wings were good and very large but everything else was standard bar style food. Pullanos wings are better and worth the extra few miles to drive for.
3	To be honest, if I didn't have a friend that tends bar here, I probably never would have gone. I'm not a huge fan of chain restaurants, and since its less than a mile from my home Pub (Tim Finnegan's) I have little reason to stop in.When I did, it was exactly what I expected. Lots of TVs with sports on, decent beer selection and "meh" food. I will be honest, the wings at Tim Finnegan's are better, which is sad considering that is kind of Buffalo Wild Wing's staple menu item.The other challenge is that this and the new Olive Garden building are in a... less nice part of Metrocenter circle, right next to 2 cheap motels. Good if you wanna score crack or a prostitute, bad if you want your car to be safe in the lot after dark. If you wanna watch a game in a chain restaurant, this is the place. If you wanna hang out in a bar with some personality, drive a mile south.
4	When looking for a sports bar the options are endless, however buffalo wild wings provides a great atmosphere for everyone. Their dinning room is separated from the bar making it perfect for families while there bar area doesn't lack in space or televisions for everyone else. Their wings are great and it is always worth going back to try different flavors. They have a sauce for anyone whether you like it hot or sweet. Not into wings? They have plenty of other options that I would wold say are average quality for a sports grill. Of course they have a great beer selection and happy hour as well. The coctails are delightfully made as, making quality of food and drink above average. I wouldn't say that the service is bad, but it is definitely on the slow side. Buffalo Wild Wings is the kind of place to go and relax while watching a game, not a place you go if you want to be waited on every couple of minutes, however the staff is always very friendly and attentive to your needs, making Buffalo Wild Wings Service Average. What makes Buffalo Wild Wings the place for me is the price. I always enjoy getting the bill and not being shocked at how expensive it is. You get quality food for a great price making the overall rating above average on my charts.
3	Believe it or not, this was my first time.The place is nice, the service kind of hit and miss and the food pretty average. Good thing they have a vast selection of sauces so there are options as long as you like wings.Nothing impressive but a fair place to have a quick bite.Tuesday and Thursday they have wing specials.Enjoy
1	Terrible
3	It's Buffalo Wild Wings, what can I say.Good wings, big bar, many TVs.  Service was good, beer was cold, and food came out in a timely manner.  We used to live in Surprise and were happy to see this franchise come closer to Phoenix.  Good place to catch a game or a UFC fight.
3	Ehhh, not too bad. 3.5 stars. It took awhile for a waiter to come to our table once we were seated, but once Patrick showed up, he was very attentive and sweet. The food came out quickly, thanks to him. I loved my strawberry mango margarita... definitely one of the best I've had. We ordered wings, seasoned fries, and mozzarella sticks. Patrick brought us a ton of dipping sauce and consistently checked on us. To be honest, as far as the service goes - it's definitely 5 stars. As far as the food goes, it's 3 stars. I really don't know if I would come back unless I was in the area and had a craving for wings.
3	I am hopeful that another visit might prove to be as amazing as my first, and nothing like my second. I was contacted promptly by the manager, inviting to come in for another visit. I have yet to go, but am hopeful it will be better. I am impressed and the quick response time and customer service for reaching out.
3	I've been here a few times on and off over the past few months, and I have to say, it's not half bad.  Plenty of seating, staff and a decent menu selection.  When I'm here, I usually sit at the bar, and so far so good.I've come here for happy hour, and they have some pretty decent specials.  I usually get the chili and cheese dip thing, and a beer depending on how I feel.  They have domestic taps on special for happy hour, and the selection is pretty good.  I think unless it's on tap and domestic, they won't put it on their happy hour menu, so you have to pay full price.  (I tried to order a specialty beer one time and this is how I found out.)They have plenty of TV's and seem to host events here from time to time. Things such as raffles and a variety of other items.  Staff is friendly and helpful even when busy.  The last time I came here was Friday night, and that was okay.  I went with a plate of 8 boneless hot wings since I was to late for happy hour, and they came out a bit spicier then I had anticipated, but were tasty none the less.  The only setback was they served them to be in a cardboard tray instead of a plate, so when I was cutting them up with my fork and knife, one or two half's flew out and I was like WTF.  Granted, I may not be the most graceful girl in the world, but when food starts flying and booze isn't involved, I can only wish I would have had a plate instead.The service here is pretty good, and never really had a bad experience.  They have a bazillion TV's so you can always catch some kind of sporting event no matter what it is. I also like that they have free trivia, and I play from time to time depending on if I'm alone or not. I never do very well, but hey, it's fun!
5	Buffalo Wild Wings always great!!
1	I love wings and this place is only a block from my house! Too bad they have terrible service and gave me food poisoning.
2	I had dinner here this evening (Tuesday July 9, 2013).  I had cold wings and warm beer.I mentioned my issues to the manager on the way out and he acted like I was asking him the square root of a made up number.To add insult to injury, my boneless wings were less like wings, or even nuggets, more like crumbs and they cost $8!!!
1	My husband and I just walked out without bothering to order anything.  We sat down at a half booth half table in the bar next to a large party and were greeted by a young man named Aaron.  He immediately told us the table was reserved as the party next to us had more people coming...thats funny I didn't know you could reserve tables in a bar during HH.  So here I am 9 months pregnant told to get up and move to an uncomfortable high top.  My husband mentions that if a table is reserved it should have signs on it so people don't sit down and have to move.  Instead of saying Im sorry or I'll let a manager know Aaron decides to get snappy and tell us we should just get there earlier next time. Thanks Aaron, we'll keep that in mind when we go anywhere but this Buffalo Wild Wings location.  As we got up to leave he sarcastically said goodbye and proceeded to be argumentative with my husband when he told him that his customer service skills were seriously lacking. Its a shame because we live right down the street and used to come here 2-3 times a month.
1	*UPDATE* We received a response from a manager ensuring he will retrain Melanie and offering us a complimentary meal! Very quick response (less than 12 hours). Thank you management!We had a very unfortunate experience here. We arrived at 5:15pm on Sunday 8/18 and were seated. Our waitress, MELANIE, came and took our drink order. 10 minutes later she came back with our drinks and took our food order. About 20 minutes later she came back with a Mr. Pib refill for my boyfriend but didn't refill my water. Around 30 minutes later, we realized it was already 6:15 and we had spent an hour still waiting for our appetizer. We finally flagged down another waiter and asked him to check on our food and see if he could locate our waitress who was no where to be found. Around 10 minutes later she came back with our food, which was lukewarm. We think she forgot about us and let our food sit out for a long time before she came back. She didn't apologize or make any attempt to fix the situation, though she knew we were upset. Maybe MELANIE should go back to training for a bit, spend some one-on-one time with a manager. We love BDubs and we are avid customers. But we were highly disappointed.
1	i went here today and I understand it was busy for game time. However, they told my friend she didn't need to come as early as she was going to. Then she got there and it was packed. They should know about the patterns of their own restaurant better. Then, when I got there, the hostess was rude, seemingly because she was so overwhelmed. They need to learn to employ people who can handle pressure, because that's life in the restaurant business. She also didn't seem to even understand what I was saying, so either she was thickheaded or not listening. I'm personally in the industry, and the way she handled it was so ridiculously unprofessional. I've never been to one of these places, but I walked right back out the door and will never come back.
1	Crap service, they know its packed so they don't even try, I'd give it a zero star if I could.
4	We came in Sunday to watch football, this was my first time at this location. Luckily my game was on the big screen in the bar and the guy who was changing channels put the other game I wanted to watch on the next biggest TV for me. So far we're off to a good start. We had Alexis for our server and she was PHENOMENAL. If my boyfriend's drink got a little more than half empty he had a new one there instantly. At no point did we ever have to ask for anything, she was there like clock work. We ordered apps in the first half and they were OK, nothing special. In the second half we ordered lunch. His chicken sandwich was great but my boneless wings were dried out and a little tough to chew. The service is what made this visit totally worth it.
4	I am really hooked on the Ultimate Nachos right now. It keeps me coming back again and again. The only fault of this restaurant is how they handle Sundays. I came with my Mom (from New Orleans) to this location in Phoenix, AZ  on Sunday around noon to watch the end of the Saints game. The hostess says it will be over an hour to seat us. 2 people. Just 2 people. Well we stayed because we could watch the game while waiting by hostess station. I do credit a waitress, who suggested to us the tables outside (weather here was cool that day). We took the offer and enjoyed the Saints-Bears game with our food until it was over. Thanks BW3.
5	Love going there. My friends and I go there all the time for beer and wings. It's really fun to go and hang out and be apart of the atmosphere. It's a sports bar, so it's loud. But that's what a sports bar is! Duh! The servers are always very nice and seems as if they really enjoy their workplace and customers! My friend works there and can back me up on that. :) Beer is always good! And wings are never a disappointment!
2	Good food but you can get that in other BWW. Waited to be greeted for 6 minutes the host came out from the back chewing gum still talking to other crew members. I had  called in the order and was told it would be 15 minutes I got there in 20 and had to wait anther 15 minuets. The BWW in tempe definitely out ranks this one. over unhappy with this store
5	We go here at the end of almost every month after class. It's a good time, everyone is always friendly, the staff is really accommodating to our group, and someone is always around to offer wing sauce samples. I feel a little weird giving 5 stars to a chain restaurant, but I've never had any problems here, they've never gotten our order wrong, we've never even had to wait for seats!
1	This is more of a review regarding the service.  We have been there twice, sat at the bar both times and had the complete displeasure of seeing the bartender Carlos or "los" as his jersey states.  Horrible bartender.  The last time, we had a female bartender and "los" came over and asked us to close out our tab because he was leaving.  He was not our bartender and wanted us to close out our tab because he wanted the 2 bucks for the tip.  The food there is not worth speaking about so it's not worth having to deal with "los" either.  Too bad.  The location is great.
2	The food was just okay even though I really liked the jerk wings. Maybe I wasn't in the right mood for it, but the music was too loud and there were too many TVs and hyper-stimulation. I was a little overwhelmed and underwhelmed at the exact same time.
2	We came in for dinner and watch some college football Friday night. Since we've been here multiple times to watch NFL and MLB we know that good service can be provided even when they're crazy busy. The bar is seat yourself so we sat and waited and waited for someone to come wipe off our table (it was the only one available) and bring us menus. Not a huge deal since they were super busy. Our server (who will go unnamed) greeted herself and took our drink orders. I ordered a long-island iced tea since they were on special and I haven't had one in forever. It was HORRIBLE, I have had many Long-Islands in my day and this by far was the worst. It was orange, I think they filled the glass half way with sour mix, added some well liquor even though it was supposed to be top-shelf and forgot the splash of coke. Problem is she brought the drink when she took our food order so I didn't get a chance to drink it until she walked away. Normally, I won't say anything, I'll just down the drink and order something else next time. This was so bad and so sour I couldn't even get it down. Finally I flagged her down and ordered something else, when I told her I would like to get something else because...well i couldn't finish my sentence because her ADHD took over and away she went. I sat there with my mouth opened wondering if I was even talking out loud (my bf assured me I was). She left the drink on the table so I really wasn't certain she heard me. Then the food came. I had ordered a create-your-own chicken sandwich with a side salad instead of fries. The sandwich came out exactly as I had ordered. However, I had the wrong dressing for my salad and we had no silverware. She dropped off the food, never asked if we wanted anything else and just took off, I tried stopping her but that was a lost cause. I sat there looking around, trying to make eye-contact with anyone who was glancing my way. Our server was just standing by the bar chit-chatting. Finally someone walked by and I asked if we could get silverware and ketchup, I had high-hopes she would bring me a fork, but she didn't. So there I sit some more, unable to eat my salad. Finally a manager walked by and I asked him, instead of him grabbing it, he shouted for someone else to do it. YAY, I got a fork. Too bad the dressing was wrong (and not tasty) and no server to ask to correct it. Finally when I'm putting my last bite in my mouth she came over and asked how we're doing. Really? You're going to ask me now? UGH. Well at this point I'm fed up and while we'll probably go to BW3 in the future, it certainly will not be this location.
2	First walked in and no one greeted us. A server even walked right past so I just went and sat myself in the bar tables knowing they're open seating. Our server, Stefani was one of the worst servers I've had before. I think she might of been training because someone was shadowing her but she didn't say a word and neither girl introduced the mysterious follower. There was no engagement no suggesting no anything. Service was slow. Food was no better. I love Bdubs but will never find myself at this location again. Go the extra couple miles and try a new location.
4	Food was great! Service a little above average. Fast and friendly. Only complaint is it's a little too loud to have a conversation.
2	I like BW3s and at home, I'm a regular (once or twice a month).  I enjoy sitting at the bar and watching a game, and the food is decent but well priced.At this location (visiting from out of town), I walked in and the bar was completely empty, which I've never seen at the one I usually go to.  Then when I sat down, I quickly learned why...it stunk.  The area smelled like cheap cleaning products, kind of like bleach with other heavy cleansers.  I ended up having a beer and leaving, and that was too long.
5	I went back twice since, and have to be honest both times was good food and great service. And I never told the servers about my previous experiences so I really do think it was a one off.
2	I normally like BWW for beer and wings but this one is pretty terrible.  The service is poor, upon arriving there was a wait, so the girl asked if we wanted inside or outside I asked what the waits were for each and she said 10 for inside and about 20 for outside.  I put us down for inside so it would come up quicker, then several people came up behind us and were seated before us, on the patio.  Weird.  So we are seated and we order  beers and appetizers (garlic mushrooms) and the mushrooms came before the beer.  And they were tiny.  I tasted no mushrooms in the breading, and I've had them before and they haven't been like that.  By the time I got my beer I was so thirsty I drank it all before my wings came.  Then my mango habenero wings came, and no beer.  So while waiting for my next beer my songs got cold.  Bad experience, bad meal, if we do ever go back to a BWW it won't be this one.
4	Our server was great..  ! It wasn't very busy ,we got sat right away,everyone was nice even the manager stopped by to see how we were doing that rarely happens at bdubs, overall probably the best Buffalo wild wings that I have ever visited
2	Been here at least a dozen times.  Gets a little chaotic at times but pretty standard bdubs.  We went for the draft a couple days ago and service was terrible.  45 mins to get beer and the wings came out over an hour after we ordered and they were cold.  Very disappointing ... Went across street to hooters and finished night.  Likes bdubs food way better but can't deal with that bad of service.
3	Ordered a pickup of traditional hot buffalo wings and french fries. I've had better wings they were okay not that great. French fries were great though.
2	Unorganized from the beginning. Waiter outside was in a bad mood. New waiter was helpful. Food is good but takes too long to arrive. Waited 45 min just to get our check. Definitely not coming back..
5	Went in for my lunch and Stefanie was the bartender. She was very fun  and remembered me from my last visit, I thought that was great! Good suggestions and samples of new beers I wouldn't have tried on my own, and I was impressed with her knowledge of the beers themselves. My food came out quick and accurate. I left very satisfied.
1	Service is HORRIBLE!! Waited at table for 15 min before i called manager over to tell him,.i watched employees shoot the breeze while i dat there,NEVER AGAIN
4	Food was great. Service was not only friendly but fast.  We will definitely be going back there soon.
5	We came with a party of 20 and they managed to find use a seat within 10 minutes. The food was really good and I loved the waitress that we had. She got all of our orders correctly and our refills kept on coming. Overall I'd have to give this place 5 stars.
1	I can count how any times I have been with 1 hand. The last time we went will now be the last time we ever go. Anything that could have gone wrong, Did! I ended up having to get my kids there drinks from the bar 45 minutes after we ordered. Food was cold and soggy; could not tell the server cause we could not find her for 30 minutes.
3	This place is basically a sports bar. Plain and simple. If you want bar food and drinks then this is the place for you!I came around 6pm on Friday and was seated at the bar promptly. No complaints there. Service began rather quickly and we decided on onion rings as a starter and a couple mojitos while we sorted through the menu.The onion rings were very good and the dipping sauce reminded me of the sauce Outback uses with their blooming onion. The mojitos we got were the angry berry mojitos with the angry orchard in them. My wife had a sip and hated it so she opted for another one, which the manager happily replaced and didn't charge us for. I didn't mind mine.We both ordered small orders of wings in Caribbean Jerk and Hot flavors. The Jerk was spicy yet sweet and quite good. The hot was exactly how it sounds.We ordered another round of mojitos which came out quick. We also ordered some cheese curds, but they never came out. We had to cancel our order because we'd had enough of the noise after sitting for an hour waiting.If you get here during the slower times, the place is pretty good. If you happen to be here during the rush then prepare to suffer slow service and loud noise.
2	I don't have much to say (which is never a good thing).. Service was slow.. We came on a Friday night so we expect it to be busy, but for the wait staff to be able to hanled it. I was brought the wrong drink after  already waiting 20 minutes for it. Appetizer came out with food. Wings were lacking flavor all around. I don't know why we ever bother going to any of the Buffalo Wild Wings. Never a good experience. Skip this place and head over to Olive Garden next door where they at least pretend to make their food from scratch
1	I will never go back to this place ever again. We had a party of 5 and 2 of them were children. I ended up getting these poor babies there drinks after 45 minutes of waiting. Food was cold and not that great. There were only 2 waitress working the porch and it was packed!! We walked out not paying the bill, come to find out we were not the only party to do that on the same night.
1	Worst service I have ever experienced. Sat for 15 minutes before we were even asked for a drink order. Waited another 13 until HALF our drink order came (water) and took another 10 minutes before our beers and cocktails arrived. Food took forever. And our server was completely rude. He would barely look at me in the eyes while talking, rolled his eyes at me, and he never smiled- we were definitely not welcomed. This was my FIRST time at Bdubs and I'll never return to this location... Maybe never another bdubs location again. THANKS ANTHONY for a horrible Saturday night out with my friends and family.
1	Sat and waited and no one came. We had to find someone to get help. We waited about 45 minutes for our drink order. Another 20-30 minutes for our food (which we ordered at the same time as our drinks). Our waiter was not friendly, kept rubbing his nose and eyes, and kept looking away. He was not happy to be there, and it showed. Another one of his tables openly told him how bad his service was as they left, so I know it's not just me complaining. We spoke with the manager, who was nice and understanding, but still we will not be coming back. I've never had worse service at any restaurant.The food was decent, and other servers seemed to be okay. Experience was terrible.
3	I went with a group of seven of us. I was getting my oil changed so I didn't have to wait for a seat but the rest of my party did. I ordered the cheese sticks, chicken wrap and then caramel bits for desert. I enjoyed the cheese sticks but those are super hard to mess up. My chicken wrap was boring and lacked flavor, add some salt and pepper to the chicken. Desert was delicious. Would i go back again, more than likely not.
2	BWW is suppose to be a sports bar, but they play their music very loud like you would have at a wild night club at midnight.The food and service is pretty much pretty good, and the Captains are in general friendly, with the exception for Becca she's a mouthy jerk.Me personally BWW having Captains is a joke, all they really do is interrupt the customers socializing and does nothing they promise. We've been going to this BWW since they opened, but the past 2-3 months a few of the Captains crank the music so loud that we have had to put ear plugs in.Yesterday once again when we showed up about 4:45 pm there was about 10 customers in the place. The music was rocking stupid loud Becca mentioned she's the (joke) Captain and she's there to make our stay pleasant.I asked her to please turn down the music, she replied she'll think about it but never did. When our server showed up I asked him to please turn down the music in the dinning area, he did. But after about 30 minutes of pleasant dinning, Becca decided to be a jerk again and cranked the music even louder than it was before.We quickly finished our drinks and left about one hour earlier than we normally do.We dine out 7 days a week at a different establishment, NEVER  none of the other places is this rude with loud music. A few of the employees at BWW Metro have absolutey NO respect for the customers and do what they want.We've been there when they crank up the music so loud that young children start crying making it misurable for other customers. If it wasn't for the ignorance with the excessive loud music in a so called sports bar and the few jerk employees we have had to deal with, I would have given more stars.But after our experience last night compliments from a mouthy jerk Becca ruining our evening with excessively loud music 2 stars was actually to many. A few of these ignorant young people at BWW just doesn't seem to comprehend if you loose customers you won't make money.We survived many years without BWW Metro, and I'm pretty sure we'll do just fine at Native, Hooters, Chill's, Fajitas just to name a few in this area that we go to where we don't have to deal with ignorance with stupid loud music and ignorant captains.I did talk to Peter today (the big manager over several BWW) he appears to be ok with the loud music, we're not.IMO can the Captains idea and put them to work as servers actually taking care of the customers. The Captains do NOTHING when it comes to serving the customers with food and drink when the servers are not available.One good thing I'm not the only one doing a review on this place complaining about the stupid loud music.
5	Best BWW location I ever been to and I'm from California! Super freindly staff and immediate service!
1	It was packed so I found a seat outside. After being ignored for half an hour. I called in and they told me to get stamped or no service. I went across the street to HOOTERS where the screens are in HD and the service is 500% better. I walked across to HOOTERS so I gladly occupied BWW'S parking space. Stay at HOOTERS  for football heaven!!  Good riddance BWWS. No more. !
3	I used to really like Bdubs, but I've noticed the service has been going down, while the music has been going up. It doesn't take long for you to be seated, but it does take long for your server to come to you. Once or twice, I would understand. This has become a regular thing for this location unfortunately.  With the loud music, it's annoying to wait that long and not be able to hear the person sitting across for you. Captains aren't that great anymore, they interrupt the table mostly. I used to be a regular, and go once a week for lunch. I now go about once a month, because I still like the food. Fried pickles, cheese curds, and the wings are still good. Most of the people serving the food, unfortunately, are not that good.
5	Everything was so good! The wings where hot and fresh! The beer was huge and only $3! This is a great place to go for food or just for drinks.
2	Food was so so service slow. Servers don't pay attention. God awful ugly waitresses. Annoying crowd and unfriendly atmosphere is probably due to the demographic of the area. Buffalo chicken sandwich was ok. Side of fries should be bigger. Wouldn't recommend this location. The Chandler location was much better.
5	I don't know what any of these other reviews are talking about! This place is amazing! I ALWAYS get the best service and the atmosphere is always good. Hamilton was one of the best servers yet! My glass was never empty and he always asked if we needed anything. I will always come here and enjoy the friendly staff and the enjoyable atmosphere. By the way, this place is about fun. The sports, the alcohol, the service, and the LOUD MUSIC is what makes this place like no other. If you don't like it... Stay home and bother someone else. Thank you BWW for being so amazing EVERY single time!!!!!! :)
3	I come here quite a bit and it's generally the same thing. Quick to seat, loud music. To the point where waitresses and waiters can't hear what we order. I'll give a play by play on this trip. 9:58 we are seated. 10:00 we order drinks at happy hour. 10:13 we get drinks. 10:15 she finally realizes we never got menus. 10:21 order. Have to repeat one part 4 times between the two of us for her to hear it. 10:41 got food. Very rushed and in a hurry.11:01 we finished eating. 11:02. Got the bill. Food is good as always, and at least they give you wet naps so you can clean your own table when you sit down. Good food. Poor service as usual
2	Didn't like the serves , took them for ever to get us a server. Maybe it because we came at 10. But the one in deer valley is much better.
