5	Who doesnt love telling people that they are "staying late at the office tonight?"  You'll definitely want to stay late at The Office on 116th st. and Shea more than once.  The food is excellent...I recommend their HUGE burgers or for a lighter meal, the caprese salad.  Reasonable prices and a great sporty atmosphere add to this bars appeal.  Definitely an older (30+) crowd, this isnt your run of the mill old town sports bar.  You might actually get a drink bought for you here--hooray!  Aside from the drive from OT, which is about 15-20 mins, you will love the childless, chill atmosphere that is The Office.
2	A cool little spot very close to where we live which is nice because not much else is close to us!  It gets pretty busy in the evenings.  We were there fairly early in the evening (7ish maybe?) and it was a lot of older people....my husband and I kept remarking how much his parents would love this place.  Even though there was a strange age dichotomy it seemed to work.  The food was great, the portions very large and everything was reasonably priced.  They had several TV's going with various sporting events which was nice.  The music was loud and a bit all over the place...rap to oldies to rock.  We don't mind that and we will definitely be returning many times.Update- Minus 2 starsI wish this was a more positive update, but alas, it is not.  If there is one thing in this world that you should not do, it's get between me and the Red Sox.My husband works from home and sometimes will spend a few days in the house working.  I sensed that he needed to get out and said "Hey hun, why don't we go to The Office Bar and Grill for some drinks and dinner, just to get you out of the house?"  We both agreed it was a great idea.This happened to be the first time we went for happy hour, which also means the first time we went when the Red Sox were on.  Given that they have 13 televisions I figured they would probably be showing it.  When we walked in the only sporting event that was being televised was the Girls Little League World Series, which I admit, was a tad creepy.  (A bunch of 20 something year old guys watching 12 year old girls?  Yeah, it's creepy.)  I thought, "wow, that's strange....maybe they didn't get the Extra Innings package..."  But sure enough a few moments later the Yankees game appeared on some of the TVs.  Recognizing this, we requested the Red Sox game for the TV closest to us, and for about 15-20 minutes we were able to get our fix!  I was ecstatic.  Drink specials and the Sox? Sa-weet.  My happiness was short-lived because they were shortly taken off the screens.  We got to watch about a half inning of the game before they started messing with the channels again.   They even took the D-Backs game off!  People at the bar were visibly upset.  Out of about 13 tvs, 3 or 4 were showing the 11-0 Orioles/Yankees game (at that point who cares?  The Yankees aren't going to pull this one out), about 6 were showing the Reds/Cubs (NL Central?  For real?) a couple were showing the Detroit/Cleveland game (slightly more tolerable, but honestly, who cares?) and one tv in the back was showing Fox News!!!  Who turns off a 1-0 pitcher's dual between two of the hottest young lefties in the game, Jon Lester and Scott Kazmir?  Furthermore, how do you turn off a game that was specifically requested by your clientele?  Now you're playing favorites.  And I'm a bad enemy to make.I really wish that they wouldn't have even let us know they had DirectTV.  Honestly, then I wouldn't have ever been teased with being able to watch the Sox game.  We asked to speak with the manager about it who admitted to us that the only person who really knows how to work the television system is the chef (even though he's been managing the place for 4 MONTHS!).  What?  Are you kidding me?  Teach the barback how to do it for crying out loud.  We would have stayed and had more drinks had we been able to keep watching the game.  The manager even told us that one girl "over there" wanted to watch the Indians and "those people" wanted to watch the Yankees (yeah? Which people?  No Yankees fan I know wants to watch them when they are losing 11-0!)   And of course one tv has to be dedicated to Fox News at all times.  Can't change off that.  We had even asked to put the Sox game on that tv, even though it was the absolute furthest tv from us.  "Can you even see that tv?"  Well it's better than nothing!So I now know where NOT to go to watch sporting events and hang out with 40 year olds.  Like I said, nothing comes between me and my Sox.Update to my Update:  Its too bad they didn't keep the game on because this was one of the most exciting games of the season with the Sox pulling it out in the bottom of the 9th.  I would have hung around for many many more drinks.  Oh well.
3	The Office.   The food is good, the people are friendly and the service, well sometimes you have to go and ask for someone, but you probably have that elsewhere too.  Some of the men in their should stay silent when your trying to pick up a chick and she is clearly just trying to watch the "game" on ESPN.  However, if your just being socially nice then its ok!  FYI....I already have a Daddy and he lives in Michigan with my wonderful mother...lmao... So, all in all The office is convenient and has a ton of televisions so you won't miss "your" game
2	I visited the Office today and was surprised that they are not the same as The Office in Desert Ridge area. The menu was totally different. Overall, was not pleased with the food, my burger was not as good as I thought it would be. Their fries consisted of regular fries and sweet potato fries, the sweet potato fries were good. My side Caesar salad was drenched in dressing. Food came out fast for a busy NFL Sunday afternoon. KID FRIENDLY: Kind of, They had the typical kids menu w/drink included. No crayons or paper for kids to color. RETURN VISIT: No
5	Stopped in for the first time Friday night. Good music, great sound system, plenty of nice quality screens stiff drinks and cold beers with brand specific glasses. Food was ample and of very good quality. I understand they have a rotation of 5 live bands. This is my new favorite place.
1	Should be a 1.5  Stars (F+)Went to watch some Sunday football, only TV playing my team was in the back bar. (Way back!) out of the 12 + TVs in the place you would think they could display a little diversity. The service was horrible!!! The worst service I've experienced in a few years. The poor service wasn't limited to our table either. A gentlemen at the bar got a burger minus the actual burger.  Fries, bun, lettuce, tomato, no meat!  I have no clue how the dish made it out of the kitchen.  Our drink order took a good 15 minuets and our server forgot half of our orders. We ordered a few munchies which also took far too long. We had to request water, napkins, and silverwear. While our food sat waiting. Throughout our meal we never saw a manager to discuss our frustrations.  The food was average. Weirderedchips and salsa, poratoe skins, calamari, chicken quesadilla. The chips were stale, salsa similar to store bought. Potatoe skins were poor. The calamari gets a B. The chicken quesadilla gets an A however. All in all we left very disapointed and will not be returning due to unacceptable service.
3	Enjoyed an evening with friends here last Friday night. I mostly enjoyed the live band, the pub-like atmosphere, and the stiff drinks. It was not all that busy, service was a little on the slow side, and their outdoor patio needs a little work. Overall it's comfortable and feels like a neighborhood bar. I will re-review once I have tried the food.
4	The Office is without a doubt my favorite place to go watch a game. I have been there tons of times and every experience is as good as the last. They have pretty good food, not outstanding but good for a bar. Their bar is also great, and they have almost to many tvs throughout the place, which I like. The service is good too, Only on one occasion I had bad service but they were packed that night. If you ever have an important game to watch I recommend going to the office, its the best sports bar in Scottsdale by my opinion
3	Two words:  Chocolate martini.  Yes, this place has good food, live music, and the most eclectic mix of people you'll ever see in Scottsdale, but I go there for the Chocolate martinis.  Where else can you watch football, listen to reggae music and have wings all in one night?  If you want a place where it's always the same, this isn't it.  I've heard 80's music one night, reggae another, and country yet another.  The place is always busy and if nothing else, it's a great people-watching place.  The bartenders are the best and the food is good.  Check it out if you're in the neighborhood.  Is it worth driving out of your way for?  Probably not, but it's a solid place to go if you're in the area.
5	Great food and a great place to people watch.
4	This place is great for going after work, and it's down the street from my place, so it's great for happy hour specials where appetizers are $5 and you can get $2 drafts. There are tons of tv's so you can watch all sorts of games, but beware, the owner is a huge cowboys fan so those games will always take precedence over other teams.  The food has been great and their happy hour cocktail specials are pretty good and strong so you get your money's worth. I am a big fan of the nachos, sweet chili thai wings, and the fried zucchini. We held our fantasy football draft here as well, and they put us in the boardroom (like on the apprentice) and we kind of got our own private, quieter area for hanging out which is great. Karaoke nights are funny, some people have no shame =)
4	My family and I have always had good luck at this place.  It's close to home, so we often consider it when we want to go out for a casual dinner.  Inside it's a pretty typical dimly-lit sports bar, but the staff is usually very friendly.  An eternal lover of salads with fruit in them, my personal favorite is the strawberry spinach salad, but the salmon entree is also really good.
4	Better than average bar food, good selections, start with the calamari, the spicy Cesar salad great choices. Large portions and good service.
3	I really wanted it to be awesome, because I work nearby this bar...the happy hour spot with coworkers. But, I have been here at least 5 times and I hate to say it, but the service is always less than average. I always felt like I was waiting on the server. The food is pretty decent though; I give it three stars based on the above average bar food. I have had every thing from the salads to the sandwiches to the burgers and they are all very good! The Office generally has decent drink specials as well and lots of TVs for sporting events. Bottom-line if you want drinks and some eats and you have time to wait, The Office is the place to go if you are in this neighborhood.
4	My boyfriend loves this place so much that I actually can't tell if he's going to work or "the office."  Their Happy Hour rocks!  I love their mini burgers and nachos on the HH menu.  All the servers are really nice and the owner has come to our table everytime we've been there to see how things are.  This place is an awesome sports bar with good food to boot so I highly recommend it!
1	Well, it started off good but quickly went down hill!!! I bought a Groupon which clearly stated that if you purchased the groupon for $15 , then you would get $30 worth of food and drink.  The Groupon said 50% off.  Well, when the bill came, the waitress said, you have to spend $30 and then they would take $15 dollars off.  I talked to the manager because, to me this was false advertisement!! Initially he agreed with the waitress, saying that the owners didn't mean to print that. I stood firm in my argument because I knew he was wrong. I've purchased other groupons and they do not require you to spend 30 bucks in order to get discounted what you paid upfront.  This was bullshit and I politely let them know!  The food was just average, and our waitress was rude after I told her that we still left her a20% tip despite the mix up!! I will not be going back!!!
3	Its was okay. I will very much see how it is when there are more than one other table in the place. The food was tasty, kinda pricy food. Nice bartender. Lots of space for large groups.
5	I really like this place. Its close to where I live and good prices. Love their steak and garlic mashed potatoes (they make a perfect Medium rare steak) - I'm used to Maestro's and it's comparable. Not a fan of their salads. their specialty salad tastes like it has peach syrup on it and the seafood salad wasnt very good but the appetizers are great: calamari, fried ravioli, nachos, etc all great a lot of times I have drinks and appetizers and its always good - My very favorite is their chicken quesadilla. I saw a review on Yelp a while back and the guy complained about everything .... the service, the food and just about everything but he gave this quesadilla a 10! I had to try a chicken quesadilla that the biggest complainer in the world gave a 10! And you know what...it's totally a 10! In fact I give it a 15.
5	Sweet Potato Fries!  Yes, that's right.   The best!.   Moderately priced.  Nice local bar if you live close.   Has good food for being a bar.  Great happy hour most of the time.  The servers and bartenders are pretty friendly.  Cozy little spot.  I frequent this place often.   Don't tell my gfriend!!
5	Looks like I have a new favorite local hangout.  Great atmosphere, and for those of you that are looking to make new friends, this is the place.  I left 4 hours after having arrived feeling like family.  Everybody was raving about the food so I dove in and was sure glad that I did.  It was great.  I had the sliders which came exactly as I had requested (I am a little bit of a picky eater) and the sweet potato fries were awesome.  It was a football game night so drinks were cheap but wonderful.  I ordered a house special Jack and Coke and it was served generously in a large rocks glass and the ice was great.  I dont think it was machine cut!  It seemed like somebody took an ice pick to a chunk like the old days or something...how classy.  So just when I'm thinking how great this place is and how many new friends I've made and that the night cannot possibly get any better...a band comes on!  And a good classic rock band too!I made it home by midnight, but I hear that they serve there wonderful food till 1.  Friday and Saturdays they have prime rib which looked wonderful and Fridays I guess it is "all you can eat" fish fry.  When the bill came my buddy looked over and said "Thats it?  We've been here all this time and that's all we owe?"  Now that's my kinda place!!!See you soon guys!
4	Stopped by today because it was close and they have outdoor seating.  Wanted to grab a bite and enjoy the weather.  The have great happy hour pricing on Sunday (we found out) from 1-5.  So we ordered sliders, nachos, and chicken fingers.  The portions are very large.  The nachos were a towering pile and could've fed 4 hungy men!  They were tasy, however they had some sort of creamy/spicy sauce on them that I could have done without.  Sliders were AWESOME!  The buns were toasted, the meat delish.  They had sauteed onions on them.  One burger was more than enough.  Chicken fingers were good as well.  Not greasy at all, white meat.  We got half sweet potato fries/half regular and both were very good.  They were dusted with sea salt and were very tasty.  Food was great, service was a bit slow because we were the only ones on the patio.  (except for when the smokers came out) All in all, I'd say I'll def come back!!
4	Stopped in for dinner last week & had a great time. It was by far the friendliest environment I've experienced so far in Scottsdale - had we sat at the bar, I think we would have walked away with a few new friends. The food was equally great. I ordered a salmon salad that came with a hefty piece of fish & plenty of veggies to the point I couldn't finish it. My husband ordered a burger that came with boursin cheese spread - never seen that done before - but it was fantastic.The HH deals were great as well - we'll definitely return!
5	My father, brothers, and I will have dinner here about once a month. Every time I leave, I feel full and completely satisfied with my meal. I highly recommend the cheeseburger sliders with sweet potato fries. There have to be at least 15 HD televisions playing just about every game. Great bar setup. Comfortable seating. Outside lounge. Plentiful parking. Cute staff. Fair prices. Clean restaurant. The establishment is family friendly, but if you plan on going for family dining purposes, go when there are no big games on, it's less noisy that way.I originally gave this four stars because it is so noisy. I can't stand it, but it's a sports bar, noise is to be expected. It's not fair to down vote a sports bar because of loud fans.
4	Busy little neighborhood bar. good food and great drinks from Chris
1	I am a regular at this bar, but the food has gone downhill lately.  Ordered a salad with chicken, chicken was discolored and old didn't eat it, just pushed it off to the side.  Told the bartender Lindsay about it. She stated she would let the cook know...but still charged me for the entire salad and never asked if I wanted something else. Good bar to drink at...but maybe not eat at
1	First time we went to that place.  There was a sign saying "seat yourself".  Well after more than 10 minutes, still no services.  We just left and don't think we'll go back there.
3	Been going here for sometime. My friends have as well. Food is good; atmosphere is fun; wait staff is good. However, each time we get the bill its wrong by over charging. Once in a blue moon is acceptable but each time....something is fishy. Wanted to update review. Chicken wings are very good. And yes they will bake the wings after they have been cooked despite a disagreement with female blonde bartender. She must have had a bad day.
4	I finally got a chance to stop by The Office to grab a bite and have a few drinks with friends.  I've heard about this place for a while now and was excited to give it a try.  After browsing the menu, I decided to order:Cheeseburger Sliders, $9http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-office-bar-and-grill-scottsdale?select=Dl5Mp7LBNsJuTYL86474Ow#Dl5Mp7LBNsJuTYL86474Owhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-office-bar-and-grill-scottsdale?select=7k_p0AlaVqz7gEgHBTZSzA#7k_p0AlaVqz7gEgHBTZSzAPotato Skins, $7http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-office-bar-and-grill-scottsdale?select=EmdOjMK5dPaoPUf8pSpQRg#EmdOjMK5dPaoPUf8pSpQRghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-office-bar-and-grill-scottsdale?select=DFOZF33MjR4lzPkqmb4OFg#DFOZF33MjR4lzPkqmb4OFgThe bartenders here are really friendly and the food prices are reasonable.  I also like the large bar top, where you can easily eat your meal and have a few drinks without feeling like you're cramped.  There's also plenty of large TV's above the bar, perfect for watching a game.After a short wait the food came out.  I tried the Potato Skins first.  They were pretty good...not the best I've ever had, but above average.  Next, I tried the Sliders which were very good as well.  The Fries that came with the Sliders were ok....the Sweet Potato Fries were definitely the highlight between the 2 Fries.Overall, it was a good experience which exceeded my expectations.Return Factor - 90%
1	Quite simply the worst food this side of ManillaStarted with loaded nachos.  A good lot of soy in the "beef" mixture.  A bit of real cheese, but DRENCHED in "cheese flavored sauce".   The lot was limp, gooey, bland and still totally offensive.         Sent it back.  The nice waitress didn't seem surprised, at all.Tried a burger.  It was ok.  Just OK....not good, not bad.   For 12 bucks I could've had 2 really good burgers elsewhere.    I've had the "fries" here before.  I believe they bake some frozen fries. Limp, soggy, pathetic.I had a side salad instead of the fries.  Was an ok portion of bagged salad, presumably bought from Albertsons.  The salad, completely produced off premises, was the best thing of the night..The wait staff was great.  But, they are forced to serve up what must be very embarassing "Fud".
3	Great service and staff. Friday night went for dinner and drinks. Ordered the French Dip, the worst I've ever had.. Tough beef, fatty with grizzle. Supposed to be prime rib but that's doubtful unless the cow died of old age.Anyway, go for the drinks and service.. I may try the food again but not the French Dip.
5	It's a Saturday afternoon, we've just left the Blue Adobe because we could not get waited on(see review) we sat down and were promptly acknowledged, given menus and our drink order was taken. I had the Valley Salad it was delish.( tons of artichoke heats!!!) and my friend had the Office burger! it was amazing with sweet potato fries. Our server was nice, our food was delish ! we'll go back again and again because the food and service are consistently good!
1	One word review: Horrible. Service was non-existent. Waitress basically ignored us. Waited over an hour for our order to arrive. The food was disgusting. Sliders were rare -- inedible. Salmon salad was unappealing and mediocre. Ribs? Wow. Think: Boiled pork ribs smothered in sauce. Do you like cigarette and cigar smoke? Great! This is the place for you. Patio door is slow to close so second hand smoke flows in freely. Really disappointed. Was hoping that this would be a great neighborhood bar / grill. Bummer.
5	the staff is friendly and the place is nice and clean. the food is a little expensive and the drinks are decently priced. we go there often and like the fact that its right by our house. There is karaoke on Sunday and Monday nights, and the place gets a little bit loud. I guess I'm getting old if it bothers me so it's not their fault but I just don't go there when the karaoke is on...
5	Best staff in Scottsdale!! I frequented the Office several times while visiting friends in Scottsdale, and had a great experience every time. The drinks were strong and well made, just how I like them. Being a bartender myself, I appreciate a good bar atmosphere, and this place has it!
3	From reading the reviews this is a "hit" or "miss" place to eat.  We must have caught a good day.  We were out on that end of town between appointments and was looking for a place to lounge and eat.  We found both at The Office Bar & Grill.  I really like to look of the bar...tables with curved booths, a great bar, and lots of T.V.'s going on - it looks like an after-work guy hang-out bar.  The beer was cold and the food was good for pub food.  I had the burger - it was pretty darn good and my husband had the patty melt.  My husband loved his patty melt!  The service was great - they were attentive and their timing was good.  I'd stop by again for a nice beer, a sit, and a bite.
5	It's all good.  The pours are deep, the food amazing (like the Calamari. Rings I'm having right now) and the people are really nice.
1	This place just closed! Unreal. Always had a decent crowd. Looks like they up and left as all the tables and chairs and equipment and everything are still inside
1	CLOSED. I went to go catch a drink and something to eat while I caught the game... only to find the place shuttered.
5	Cold Beers and Cheeseburgers is now going in that location, they hope to open in late December or Early JanuaryAwesome!
