3	My wife and I recently went to the Philly Steak Express and we were very excited to have a philly place in our part of town.  The restaurant is very simple and the menu board is hanging right on the back wall.  We noticed that some of the combo's you get allowed you to pick your sides but we never found any place to tell you what the sides were.  The sandwich was really good and we definitely plan on going back, however I thought that the sandwich was kind of small.  When I get a philly steak sandwich I like to see the steak coming over the top and when you take a bit you should need several napkins.  This was perfectly contained inside the roll and was very easy to pick up and eat.  All though we found it very taste I would just like to see more of it.  The combo that we received came with fries.  The fries are coated with seasonings but we thought it was overly covered.  The fries almost had like a chalky taste to them from the amount of seasoning that they were covered in.  The over all experience was good and like I said we plan on going back.  The two combos which included the sandwich, fries, and a drink only came to $17 and some change so for the price a very good sandwich.
1	My boyfriend and I have been waiting for this place to open for-ev-er and when we finally saw that it was open, we were ecstatic........The next night he went in there to get us a couple of Philly's and fries and see what else they have. First off, their menu is two thirds greek/mediterranean food. They should change their name to Gyro Express. Second of all, the philly he got wasn't that good and they offer only one size (unlike, say, Capriotti's). Thirdly, I got the philly wrap which was a disaster. Now the menu says philly wrap with salad, but the salad is ON the wrap. Imagine ooooey gooooey warm greasy philly meat and cheese lumped on top of some shredded lettuce, cucumber, and carrots. Disgusting to say the absolute least. We will never eat here again
4	Limited menu but the Philly Steak was really good, and only 5.99. Great price, great food. Will be going back.
1	Worst philly steak ive had. People who cook should wear gloves. The cook at the tme i went to order my food kept answering his cell phone while cooking, very unsanitary. Will never come back to this place
4	They have gyros! The gyros are good!
1	They skimp you on the gyro meat and vegetables.  The fries are way over seasoned.If you want a real Philly, go next door to North End pizza.   It's almost twice the size and much tastier.
3	Recently brought my kids here to celebrate the last day of school. The Philly is really good here and worth the wait. Didn't know this, but if you get the combo they put some kind of dry seasoning on the fries after they are cooked. Wish I would of known that as I would of ordered mine plain. Everything came out really hot and fresh. The temperature of the restaurant is really warm, almost boarding on hot. The cashier needs a little more training as she didn't even talk to us,make suggestions, or say hello or thank you.
3	They were closing up but invited us in anyway. Everything was put away and they still said they will take our order. We're getting it to go so. I'll have to comment on how good or not so good later ;-)After I read the reviews about how salty the fries were, I asked the guy behind the counter if he already prepared them.  He had, so I mentioned to him I was going to ask him to go light on the fries.  He said he would pick out the the light ones LOLWe brought our food home and it was pipping hot!  I have to say this was the best Philly Steak Sandwich I've tasted since I was in Philadelphia many many many years ago 1980's!!! I bought 2 combo's, #2 on the menu.  Sandwich, fries and a soda.  My son upgraded his sandwich to a foot long. The price came to $24.00 and some change.  The sandwich was awesome!!! Fries are over seasoned so if you can ask for NO season, or lightly seasoned!
1	Worst I've ever had. Gyro meat was way over cooked and was similar to beef jerky. Fries over seasoned and the customer service sucks. Also, they don't have provolone. They only have white american cheese, which in my opinion ruins the cheesesteak! They won't be around long.
1	Horrible service and horrible food! They should not be allowed to call this a Philly cheese steak. Do not recommend anyone wasting their time or money!!!
4	My husband, daughter, and I went here on July 7, 2013. We had been waiting for it to open and were excited to try it. My husband got a steak wrap and I got a chicken wrap. Both were delicious, but especially the steak wrap. Both came with veggies inside, like sauteed zucchini, broccoli, and chickpeas. That was a huge, unexpected bonus. I assumed it would be a fatty, cheesy thing but it wasn't. Both were very large though, which is good or bad, depending on your perspective and the amount of self-control you have.Major plus: they had a highchair.Negative: they didn't have free cups for water. If you want water, you have to buy a sodia cup or a bottled water. That's a terrible way to save money, especially in Las Vegas.I plan to go back!
4	Yum, yum, yummy!First let me state that I have never eaten a cheesesteak in Philly, so I can't compare these to those.  What I can say is that the cheesesteaks I have eaten here are super tasty!  I have been here twice and I have enjoyed the cheesesteaks both times.  I even got a craving for one, which is why I ended up there the second time.  That should say something right there!Both times I have been to this location, I had to get the cheesesteak combo.  For $7.99, you get a yummy cheesesteak, fries, and a soda.  It is just the right size for me and I totally pig out on that basket of goodness!  They season the meat with something that really sets it apart from other cheesesteaks I have had in the past.  It is almost like Cajun seasoning, but not quite.  It is really good though!  The fries here are super fat steak fries and come with seasoning on them as well.  They have been cooked perfectly both times.  I would go back for the fries alone!  My hubby really likes the gyros here as well.  The also do chicken options on the menu items, for those of you out there not into beef.  They also have wraps, kabobs and salads, so there is really something for everyone.  I haven' tried these items because I am in love with the cheesesteaks though.  YUMMY!
4	So when I saw the Philly sign go up I was super excited!  Philly cheese steaks are one of my most favorite food groups!  Yes I said food groups!!!  ;)  That sign was up for sooo long before this place opened.  Everytime I drove by I did a quick glance over to see if there was a big OPEN sign in the front.  Finally they graced the Centennial area with their presence and opened their doors.  I gave it a bit to let them work on their kinks and so Saturday we finally made time to try it out.Their menu is BAM right in front of you.  The wording is big so there's no need to squint which is a great thing.  Nothing worse than not being able to see the menu's small print.  The items are very simple and to the point so much in fact that they forgot to put what side dishes they have or drinks that they carry.  Right away I asked if they had a kids menu...nope no kids menu.  The girl at the counter got a little flustered explaining things they could make our daughter.  Nothing for kids really.   Minus one star for that.  Big bummer.  Immediately I knew our meal would be strained because I knew my poor girl was gonna sit there watching us eat while her stomach was growling.  I would have thought they would have hotdogs if anything.  Something to consider guys!!  Just saying.I ordered a chicken philly combo.  It said it comes with a side but remember they don't list sides.  I don't remember what else they offered but I ordered mine with fries.  The BF ordered the steak philly combo with onions and mushrooms with fries.  Immediately he asked if they had American cheese and YES they had it.  Not having it is a huge deal breaker with the BF.  While we were ordering the girl was friendly.  The cook (owner?) said nothing to us even though he was standing right in front of us.  My biggest pet peeve-especially if he is the owner.  So anyways, the food came out and looked amazeballs except that I could count the fries that I had- 9 fries. (sad face)  Then daughter started digging on my fries.  What? Hey wait a minute!  I want those.  I quickly gave her some money to order her some fries.  Poor girl. LOL  $2.00 for fries.  The sandwiches were so - lets just say - FANTASTIC!  The bread was fresh, a little flaky but enough substance that it didn't get soggy.  My chicken was cooked perfectly and it all was so flavorful. The fries were good.  I'm not a big fan of steak fries but the seasoning on them was pretty great-like a sweet/salty taste.  The restaurant itself was really hot.  The front of the place is all windows which probably makes it hard to keep cool?  I'm guessing.  But it was hot.  Ick.  The place was really clean and the girl wiped tables when she wasn't busy.  Sunny 106.5 was playing in the background.  I hate that music and many small restaurants resort to that-I guess because they think it is universal.  But Journey did come on at one point and all was good.  There were several other people there while we were there which is always great!  Imma big fan of helping the local small businesses!!!I cannot wait to go back!  Next time I will considering taking it to go (if the temp hasn't changed in there) and getting some BK for the daughter prior. ;)  ***definitely consider a pack of dogs for the kids!  You don't want to exclude people when the whole family can enjoy the meal!  Just a helpful suggestion.  ;)
5	I have ate a ton of cheesesteaks in my day. I have tried damn near all of them in Las Vegas. I used to eat Pops or Triple Play. They were good but when I found Philly Steak Express I was knocked out. There cheesesteaks have so much favor. The cheese melts in your mouth. The steak has a very subtle spice that suprises you when you bite it. The bread is soft with a nice flavor. Fresh cut mushrooms was a great bonus.  So happy they didn't come from a can. The onions are fresh also and cooked into the meat providing a nice combo. The fries are thick steak fries with a nice seasoning. The service is outstanding. They are fast and friendly and always make conversation with there guests. Try them out. You will not be disappointed.
4	The staff's customer service skills need some work (i.e. say hello to people when they walk in, thank them for their order, etc..).  The food on the other hand was very good.  I ordered the #2 combo (Philly Steak, fries and soda for $7.99).  The sandwich was the perfect size for lunch and VERY tasty.  They use steak fries which I'm not a huge fan of, but that's far from a deal-breaker for me.  However, I would like to have seen another handful of fries.  The portion of fries they give you just doesn't coincide with the sandwich.  Overall it was very good and since they're right across the street from work I'm sure I'll be back!
4	The first time I went here they did not tell me that they added some type of seasoning which is spicy to their food and I almost could not eat what I had purchased. So let me tell you that if you do not like spice then you need to let them know not to added or ask what type of seasoning they use.  The cheesesteak is very good here; I only wish they would use more meat and cheese. I always pay for extra meat but I find that they don't give me extra cheese and I find that my sandwich is dry and for $9.99 my sandwich should not be dry. I recently bought the Gyro and that was not a good experience. It was salty and cut uneven and it just was not good. I will not have that again for me. Also I ordered fries and those were spicy and I was not expecting those to be spicy. So when I do go I order their cheesesteak with no seasoning with extra meat and I am satisfied.  This place I keep visiting and getting the same thing.
2	Ordered some takeout from this place...it wasn't bad...but it wasn't very noteworthy either.  A-OK is the right feeling behind the review.Tried their Gyro sandwich and Gyro fries since my Sister was boasting about it.The gyro meat here has an interesting taste...more like a skillet char vs the rotisserie style, but my sister said they do have the spit here.  It also seemed a bit on the salty side but overall enjoyable to eat.The fries were pretty plain-jane boring though.  For gyro fries, they only added meat.  None of the cucumber/Tzatziki sauce, no veggies, nothing but plain meat on the fries.  And since I had the complaint above about it being a bit on the salty end, it was a little bit of a bummer.At least the prices are very cheap though...nobody's gonna break the bank giving it a go.I should come back and try their Philly Steak...after all, that is what they named their place after...presume that's what their specialty is!  I only ordered the Gyro since it was raved about :/
5	Been here 3 times and had a Gyro the first time and Philly Cheesesteaks the last two times. All very good.
2	Food is good.  Portion sizes are on the smaller side.  I'd grant more stars if it weren't for the poor service.  What I'm about to describe has happened to me numerous times here, and I've witnessed it happen to countless others as well... people who order well after I do often get served way ahead of me.  My order is generally for one person, max of two people, and the item(s) ordered are always simple -- not to mention, sometimes, exactly the same as what others behind me end up ordering.  And yet they get served first.  This happens all the time here.  Will likely not return...unless I see an "under new management" sign.
4	Good Philly Cheese Steak for $5.99    not the biggest, but good and hits the spot.  Simple menu with Philly Cheese Steaks, Gyros and Kabobs.
4	Small little joint, nice place to stop in for a quick lunch break or to get off the couch in your day off. I had a gyro and fries--a very Americanized version of a classic gyro, but really tasty nonetheless. Meal was nice and hot when served, and the salad and cucumber sauce on top was  wonderfully fresh. The staff is really friendly as well. 10/10 would go back. The only reason I didn't give a 5 is because I haven't tried anything else yet.
1	It was mine and my bf first time here, only came because his mom and sister said it was a good place so we decided to give it a shot. I'm sorry but when you post a picture of white tender chicken and when you get bits of brown greasy chicken in front of you instead and it's not what it looks like in the photo that's false advertisement. On top of that the food made me, my bf, and his mom sick about an hour later. Chicken was horrible, gyros not up to par, customer service was not good at all. Nightmare experience overall, what do you expect when you try and mix Philly's and gyros in one shot. Your doing too much.
3	I was working in the area and noticed their sign.It is located in the same parking lot that used to house the Slidin-Thru, which I was under whelmed with, but they're gone and forgotten. I digress.Back to the Philly Steak Express, aptly named, they make Philly steak sandwiches and because of how Philly steaks are made, they are made quickly. They also make gyros and kabobs.I ordered the Philly steak, fries and a drink, $7.99.The sandwich was good, shaved beef fried with onions, served on a roll. The portion of fries was extremely small, I would guess 8 small steak fries. The fries were season coated, it was a visual conclusion, since it didn't seem to impart any flavor to the fries. it came with a small drink.I would eat there again, I'm no authority on Philly steak sandwiches, but it was good. I think they should increase the portion of fries that come with the sandwich and add something, with flavor, to the season coat.Update:I went back and they have added burgers to the menu, I tried one, it was good. They have increased the number and size of the fries. the seasoning on the fries still lacks much taste,Their website doesn't show the burger on the menu, but the sign in the store does.
1	I went in to get a gyro for lunch.  There was no one ahead of me at the counter, so I looked at the menu for about twenty seconds and stepped up to order.  The employee behind the counter stepped up in front of me near the register, reached down below the register and picked up his cell phone.  He proceeded to complete a text message and then decided to look up and acknowledge me.  I asked if he was really sending a text when a customer was standing directly in front of him waiting to order.  He apologized and said it was his mother.  I told him he was obviously too busy to help a customer and he should get back to texting.  I left and will not return.
4	So far I would rate this as the best Philly steak sandwich I have had in town. Nice size portions that don't leave you completely bloated after eating and cooked to order. Staff was friendly and it seems evident that the staff of the small business do what it takes to win over repeat customers. Prices are quite reasonable as we'll with a combo meal just under $10. I would say it is definitely worth checking this place out if you are craving Philly Steak sandwiches or Gyros.
5	The staff was very friendly and the place was clean and organized. The food was delicious! I got a gyro and it was very good. The price is also very good.
5	Amazing place great food, anyone looking forward into having a great philly steak this is the place to get it.
5	My husband and I went a few weeks ago and they were dead, the service was great and so was the food.We went again this past Friday and they were extremely busy. Customer service sucked, we waited for 45 minutes for 1 gyro and 1 Philly, they pied so much sauce on the gyro that it was like a soup the temperature on them both were so so could have been hotter, I STILL recommend this place as long as they aren't busy.
5	mmmmm yummy carb overload.  I came here twice and came here for the chicken philly steak.  it was delicious!  i seriously need to try the beef next time.  It had onion, mushroom and cheese on it.  yummy melted cheese.  mmmm i can see it now... making me hungry all over again.  So if you are watching your carb intake then you don't want to come here but if you want a great sandwich then this is the place to come.  everything is made to order so it's fresh off the grill.
4	The boyfriend and I took our dog to get groomed right next door and decided to stop in and have a Philly Cheese Steak. The shop was nice and we'll kept I think they recently opened. The menu is simple with a couple different items available ala carte or in a combo. For a philly cheese steak (w/cheese,mushrooms,and onions), fries, and a drink we only paid $7.99 each for the combo, which I thought was reasonably priced. The staff was friendly and it seemed like a family owned restaurant. They cook your food to order and they call you when it's ready. The sandwich was hot and fresh and it was really good.  The bread was phenomenal lightly toasted and soft. The sandwich was by far the best I have ever had. They served us two kinds of fries, steak fries and crinkle cut with I think a Cajun seasoning. The only downside about our visit was that half our fries were cold and it seemed as if they mixed the fresh fries with the old. My boyfriend was a little upset with the lack of fries but I thought there was plenty as I was full once I was done.
5	The best Philly steak ever and they have burgers that are awesome as well man anyone living around this restaurant needs to try this place out.
3	We're looking for something new to try for lunch.  So we thought why not help out a local business.  I thought the Philly was average.  Not amazing.  The customer service was really good.  Very nice and very clean.  If I was in the neighborhood I would stop in but, I would not drive across town.
5	Amazing food, great people! The mint colored walls and the food network on TV gives a very relaxing welcoming feeling. Of course the Philly cheesesteak and the gyros are amazing, but try the NY 1/4lb burger, with Swiss and American cheese, handmade patties and house seasonings. It's the best in town!!
5	This place is delicious! I consider myself a picky person and this place is amazing! Expect to wait a little while, because they make the food while you wait! No heat lamps keeping cheese steak warm! Delicious food made to order! I was incredibly impressed! I got the philly cheese steak with chicken instead of beef, fries and a drink for $8! I have no idea what they do to this chicken to make it so delicious and moist, sing it lullabies? Bribe it with candy? No clue, but whatever it is, it works! My husband got the chicken salad for $7. The chicken salad was HUGE! And came with a TON of chicken on top!!! He kept raving about the pickled veggies on his salad. I did. It get any because they were "too good to share!" This was our first visit, we will be coming back!I forgot to even mention the bread! Oh, the bread! It is super super soft, and tastes like it  was baked in the oven of God himself, by cherubs. Incredibly good.
2	Our first time eating there and what we got were AWESOME fries and great service. Those are the only two things that I can say positively about Philly Steak Express (oh and maybe that the hockey game was on the tv, in Vegas, hockey is rare). Got the good home and I started in on my gyro and "ok" is the best way to describe it. The pita was good, the meat was dry and the sauce was just glopped on top. I have had better gyros from the mall food court. My husband had the cheesesteak and he said it was "eh". We also got the chocolate bark (which I thought were thin brownies) to share. He ate his and said it tasted a bit tangy. I took one bite and got a giant strand of hair. When I looked at the packaging, there was a little sticker that had written on it "Best by 2/27/2014". It's March 5th. I'm not even going to bother with taking the bark back because of the $3 it cost, but seriously! Check the package guys! I totally learned my lesson. We won't be getting food from there any time soon.Also, and it's not the places fault, the parking there is AWFUL. 7:30 on a Wednesday night and there was only one spot open.
5	Better than the cheesesteak I had in Philly. Flavorful.  The right ratio of meet and cheese.  I love the chicken Philly and the fries are fresh.  The owner is awesome.  He goes out of his way to make you feel welcome.
3	They have really great food, however don't expect food to come out quick. Sometimes service is amazing and other times it's pretty meh. Still it's a really good food spot if you just want to chat and have lunch with someone.
4	Been here a few times, I really like the cheesesteak sandwich here. The fries are great, seasoned perfectly, a smaller portion of fries though.... But I could stand to eat less fries. :) The combo is the way to go.
5	This is my favorite place to go during my lunch break. I strongly recommend this place to anyone who hasn't tried it yet.
3	Sitting in the restaurant right now with my gf, just had the beef philly with steak fries and also tried the chicken kabob with rice. The philly was good, but nothing special.. I feel that Pop's on decatur was a better philly cheese steak experience. Although this philly wasn't the worst I've had in town. Good for the price $5.99. As for the chicken kabobs, they were actually pretty good, nice flavor and very moist. The only setback is they aren't really kabobs, just chicken chunks on a plate. All in all good place.. but like other reviewers stated, be ready to wait a while for your food. Seems like the staff is more about joking around with each other rather than getting your food out quickly.
4	This place is really good!! Had the gyro and it was good!!! Next time will definitely try the Philly cheese steak.
1	Not at all happy about my experience with them tonight. I ordered a cheesesteak with no peppers or onions-and saw the cashier write it down on the receipt. Another dude comes out and makes my food. Fast forward 20 minutes--I get home and open it up to find my sandwich full of onions peppers and shrooms. Sweet. Roommate took a bite and said it tasted ok.  Also ordered a Greek salad... Who puts broccoli in a Greek salad??
4	The menu is simple. Its cheeseteak, wrap, gyro, kebob plate and chicken fingers. The BF and I got to-go for us and his mom. We shared :Philly cheese steak - this was a pretty good cheese steak. I'm no Philly expert nor claim to be but I liked the soft rolls they use and the flavor was good. The BF got a combo which here comes with a drink and some steak fries. I saw complaints of them being over seasoned in previous reciews but these were not. Not much came to a order so I wish I ordered my own. Beef/lamb gyro - this was just OK. It wasnt bad but just had better ones. The meat was a tad salty. I think Ill grab cheesesteak too instead of us splitting these two sandwiches. Prices were inexpensive and its close by my house. The MIL loved her cheesesteak so Im sure our family will be back for more.
5	Love this place the Philly Cheesesteak are the best I had since visiting Philly. It was fast & fresh. The guys were nice. I only wished they delivered, but its worth the drive on a lazy day.
5	the best philly  steak and gyro in las vegas they challenge all philly steak in town .since i try the gyro ,now i go there some times   twice  a day .love it they are the best of the best .
1	I had been here twice but will not go again.  The Philly cheesesteak was fine, but the salad was below average.  The mix salad had an odd combination of some canned veggies and didn't live up to expectation.Ultimately, I am not going back because of the service I received trying to get a free cup of water to go with my meal.  I went back and forth with both the guy at the counter and the manager as they kept trying to make me buy a bottle of water instead of drinking from the tap.  I even offered to pay a small fee just for a regular fountain cup and they still wouldn't budge.  They insisted I pay full price for the big cup, even though I was just getting water.  They mentioned that the water at the fountain was somehow "bad" but the sodas were fine.  Don't they know that the fountain soda has the same water in it??  I finally got my way, but it was infuriating and enough to make me not want to go back.
1	Good cheese steaks and that's about all.  Slow, small portions, kids meals are gross
1	I am not sure when they actually open but the sign was flashing open so we went in and it was a ghost town.  After standing there and moving the tables around to fit our family still nobody has greeted us or said I will be right with you.  The phone rang and we finally saw the first sign of life but still no acknowledgement to us standing in the restaurant.  So we decided to leave for a different place and I guess that jolted him into almost chasing us out of the store yelling for us to come back because he was really open.  I guess get there when you know people are already in there eating.
2	Kabobs with rice! that is the only thing on this menu I would suggest. The salad is horrible. Which a salad should be easy. The chicken fingers don't waste your time. We've tried this place 3 times because the kabobs are good. But all other dishes were a waste of time. The Philly cheese steak is ok not fabulous.
4	This is a good place whom has had it's share of issues since they first opened. When they first opened their service was bad and sloooow but they quickly changed that and were great from then on. My daughter and I have been regulars enough that they seemed to always remember our orders. Today I need to say I was disappointed when I saw a sign on the soda machine that read "$.50 refills". WHAT?!? Maybe it's because I've gotten so used to free refills that I get ticked when I see this. We all know nothing is free but we like the illusion that it is. That's why I paid for a soda upfront for like $2.50 to include refills. Apparently the owner, I was told, thought that people got refills too much and decided that charging for refills would curb this. But I can't help but feel a little insulted and rebellious when I say, "I'm not going to pay 50 cents for refills! " Especially when the cups small cups. Am I being a little petty? Probably, but I'm going to protest in my small little way and I've told them that although I like their food, I can not dine in anymore. I may....may order things to go and then get my drink at the 7-11.After I mentioned the refill issue, they gave me extra fries for my trouble. Sounded nice, but when my order came....they forgot, lol. I still like this place and they have good food, but when you step over quarters to pick up pennies, business could, I say could suffer.UPDATE: After exiting the restaurant, the owner explained that the sign is for "abusive" customers. Apparently there is someone that refills way too much. Anyway, it was nice for him to talk to me about it.
5	I've been here a few times and it's always been good. Good food, good prices, close to the house. The first time I tried the hamburger and fries combo and it was great. You can see them cooking your food and it's obvious they do a good job at keeping things sanitary, I like that. The second time I tried the Philly Cheesesteak combo and it was fantastic, couldn't ask for better. Today I went in and thought I'd try the Gyro, John behind the counter said I would enjoy it, that it and the cheesesteak was their specialty. He was right, that was the best Gyro I ever had! Good job, John!
5	Great food & service!! Everyone should enjoy  ALL OF THIS  never had a bad meal HERE!
2	Two stars because the service was good. Food was gross though! Mystery meat that I guess was supposed to be steak. It was just nasty!!
4	Nice little place! The food is good for a little independent place and if you're looking for something quick.
2	Let me start with the service, which was lacking. There were about five young people working behind the counter. The guy who took our order had no personality at all. There was no greeting, explanation of their menu, or even a smile. He asked what we wanted, without making eye contact, and set our trays on the counter and walked away when our food was up. It also appeared that the girl working in the back was wearing pajama pants. I am all for a laid back atmosphere, but pj's is a little too laid back for my taste. Now for the food. The menu is quite strange here. The menu options included Philly sandwiches, gyro, kabobs, burgers, hot dogs, and quesadillas. My boyfriend and I both opted for Philly's, as the name is what drew us here in the first place, and we were both equally disappointed. My sandwich was covered in so much pepper, I couldn't even finish it. My boyfriends sandwich on the other hand had absolutely no seasoning at all. The only enjoyable part of our meal were the fries, which were actually really tasty. We definitely will not be returning.
5	I love this place for the Philly and fat steak fries,,,I always tell myself I will try something different next time I go in there,, but I get a smell of the philly when I'm there and its over, philly again! The guys working are always fast and friendly. Surprised it's not busier in here, my fiance and I love it!!
3	They aren't fighting amongst themselves which is good. It is as slow as can be but the cheesesteaks are good.
5	Yesterday after having my nails done I walked next door to this little place and got myself a good ole philly cheese steak (to go). Upon entering I was greeted with a friendly hello from both men behind the counter. One   of them was cooking and he took a second to turn around and ask me if I knew what I would like to eat. Another guy quickly came over and rang me up. I was then invited to sit and wait. I'd say I waited about 5 minutes for my food. Not a bad wait time in my opinion, especially considering there were a good handful of people there waiting for their orders. Like other reviewers mentioned, the cheese steak was a bit peppery. But ya know, I didn't mind it, I actually enjoyed it. Something about that coupled with the ooey gooey cheese and warm, soft, and chewy bread...yummy!!! Was I completely wow'd here? Not quite. Did my experience deserve 5 stars? Sure. Will I be back? Yes! What did wow me here was how the gentleman behind the counter took an attitude (complete with an eye and neck role) from a woman whose child's order was incorrect. I thought he handled it nicely, didn't argue with her, just apologized and fixed it promptly. Now, someone who can resist throwing a cheesesteak or gyro at someone's throat when they're being over the top....that's an A+ in my book. Oh and lastly, I saw another Yelper mention they thought the menu was odd because there were got dogs and quesadillas on the menu...I did see that too, on the kids menu. Okay, maybe I was wow'd.
3	We love the Philly cheesesteak wraps, but they have cut back BIG TIME on the fries!!! They use to give you a decent portion of fries now they give you a very small portion! Get ready to wait for your food too! They are so slow. They only cook one order at a time. The food is good, but if I see a few people in there I go somewhere else! It's good but not worth the extremely long wait times!
1	I have been here 3 times.  The first, in Sept,  was to try it as I had a two for one coupon with Entertainment Book Online.  The Manager/Owner was not nice about it.  He told the cashier (who has been very nice all 3 times there), "We don't take that, I told you to cancel the Entertainment thing".  He proceeded to get on his phone and try to call entertainment book to cancel.  In the middle of the call he told the cashier to take the coupon. I paid cash for the sandwiches and noticed that they were NOT rung up into the register (a little IRS thingy here). I received the two Cheese steaks and went home a little taken aback by the experience. The sandwich was decent by they seemed to be SHORT on meat. Again the quality was good.The second time I decided to give them another try. This time I bought the Cheesesteak and paid cash.  Again, no receipt and never rung up in the register.  The  same manager/owner was nice/gruff, like a Philly guy would be (good thing), and i took my sandwich home.  It was very good. I did notice that the sandwich seemed to have a good deal of meat in it.  This lead me to beleive that I was cheated out on meat the first time with the two for one coupon. I feel that they made the two sandwiches only had the meat from one sandwich. A rip off. This past Saturday was Small business Saturday and with American Express you get a $10 credit if used at a small business.  I researched on the Shop Small Amex webiste and Philly Steak was on it.  The correct address etc.  I decided, again, t give them a try. I went in and asked them when ordering to be sure if they took Amex, they said no. I explained that it was on the Amex website that they took it.  They said no.  I was not very happy. Especially that twice before they never rang up the order and put the CASH in the drawer (IRS issue here).Needless to say, I will never be back and I will never recommend them to anyone. Even though the food was good, I cannot trust them.
5	Amazing that's all I can really say!! Hands-down you want the best Philly cheesesteak in Las Vegas forget Capriotti's forget pops this is the real deal I get the number one Philly cheese onions mushrooms fries with seasoning and a Coke under $10 very very good size of Philly tasty every bite worth it 100% best Philly in town
