4	Very nice location, friendly service and tasty food.
4	A proper bar!!Staff that know how to make cocktails, music that fits the venue and some nice seated areas.A real jewel in the Leith bar scene it really offers something a little bit different to the area.Yet to try the food btu i will be back their soon for sure.!
5	What better way to start a Monday morning that remember the best parts of the weekend just past. And Bond No 9 was certainly one of, if not the, highlight of my weekend. I can't believe that when a group of yelpers were debating whether to stay in Leith post Roseleaf dinner, and head to Bond No 9, or head to George Street, I was dismissing Bond No 9 before giving it a look or sip. Just as well Jason, Gillian and Jurgen are so stubborn!It was a pitch-black, cold, rainy Saturday night and I don't know Leith well, so was just following the crowd along Constitution Street when suddenly everyone had disappeared. What? Into that very innocuous looking door in a bare stone wall? No flashiness, no big sign, no group of smokers or drunken punters standing outside. Nothing to distinguish it from the furniture shops and closed doors around it. Understated, nice.So, what did I find inside? A hugely expansive bar that kept the dark, intimate atmosphere. A bar full of beautiful bartenders serving beautiful cocktails (old favourites as well as house specials), another room full of couches out the back, all candlelit, a DJ playing from a piano-converted-into-decks, and a lot of happy but not overly drunken people. There was no problem finding a space on a Saturday night, we just bunched a few tables together for our larger party. There weren't many crowds at the bar, waiting time for cocktails was just the right length: long enough you know they're crafted with care, but made as promptly as possible.I won't keep waxing lyrical about the bar itself: all you need to know is it's beautiful, dark, intimate, sexy, plays the best music I've heard a bar play in a long while (why was no one dancing? My only regret.) the bar tenders are beautiful, attentive, good fun, the toilets are clean, the clientelle are good company, and I can't find fault. It'd be perfect for a date night, a group of friends, early evening drinks. Now, to the cocktails. The menu isn't overly large but I'm sure they'll mix up whatever you want, even if it's not listed. But to the ones you maybe haven't heard of. A whole page for absinthe-cocktails alone. Joe A and Kerrin R went back and ordered 3 Red Fairies each. I have witnessed them try a few cocktails before, but normally only one before moving on to JD and cokes. Also, yelpers like to try as many different flavours and options as possible. Ordering three cocktails in a row, all of the same cocktail, was a first. And testament to, I imagine, how delicious they found it. Also, it led to some pretty crackin' banter.I tried Shake Your Boudoir, which turned out to be my bartenders signature. I watched him hand squeeze the orange juice, use a grapefruit liqueor of whom he knew the supplier, and it was quite lovely. But oh, my daiquiri (just plain daquiri, not fruity) was potentailly the strongest I've ever had. It tasted like pure rum, with a hint of lemon. Perfect but oh my.I think I have found my new favourite bar in Edinburgh. I have other wee favourites in Leith but not ones that are so great I'd make the trek down to Leith *just* for them. Bond No 9 is different. I would go that extra mile for that daiquiri again. If I've ever gone AWOL, before you send out the search party, just head to Bond No 9 - it's where you're likely to find me in a daiquiri-loved-up haze.
4	I have no idea how I first heard of Bond no 9, I only remember thinking "oooh, I want to go there."Well it has been several months since I first had that desire and I have only actually managed to come here a total of two times, but it was two very different times.On my first visit, it was early Saturday evening, and Bond no 9 gave me exactly what I wanted, a relaxed atmosphere, a comfortable place to sit, and an incredibly tasty drink.  My second visit was completely different.  Saturday night around 10:30, the bar was packed (though we still managed a table very quickly), and incredibly loud.  The music was great but it was *too* loud.  If we were in a club, or if it had a dancelfoor it would have been great, but there was no proper dancefloor and the four of us sat there yelling at the top of our lungs in order to be heard by the person we were chatting with.  Ok I sound like such an old lady it's unreal, but surely if you can afford to come here you probably aren't a student, right?  I would definitely come back because the drinks are excellent, but my return visit would be for some early evening drinks, because I do prefer to actually hear what my friends are saying.
3	I'm downgrading Bond no 9 because they made the mistake of selling a Groupon inviting people to go there and eat steak... and they don't appear to properly know *how* to cook steak.If they hadn't told me to order steak, I wouldn't have.  But they did, and I assumed that it was their specialty.Let me backtrack...The Man and I came here a couple of weeks ago for our three course meal with a malbec cocktail.We were seated at a great quiet table, and were served by one lovely waitress and one kind of young, inexperienced and somewhat indifferent waitress (wearing, by the way, a see-through shirt... what's with these young people and their fashion?!).  Our starters were nice - The Man's haggis balls were great and my onion pancake with fennel and pomegranite was ok, but wasn't awesome like the haggis.  We both ordered the chocolate mousse with some kind of crispy thing in it, and that was lovely.  Equally so was the malbec cocktail which came with the meal.  The biggest let down was the steak.  It was a ribeye, I think?  This meant it was quite fatty but had a really good flavour.  I believe it was meant to be served with some kind of peppercorn sauce, which was left off, but most importantly our medium rare steak was grey.  By that I mean that it was cooked completely through.  There was no medium, no rare, just well done.  There is really really really no excuse for a kitchen to put out food that is so shockingly overdone, especially when the dining room wasn't even full.  I don't understand why they would invite people to come and try their food, opening the doors to leagues of new customers, and mess up such an important and easy aspect of the meal.  We both felt that they had really let themselves down, because as previously stated, everything else would have made for a great night.  Unfortunately, such a poorly cooked main really left a bad taste in our mouths.That being said, we would come back for nibbles and drinks, but we won't be returning for a full meal.
4	Though I live relatively close by I have not managed to visit here very often. But the times that I did I've had a good time. I am most impressed with the relaxed, comfortable and yet classy interior and furniture. Brown wood,  dark greys and racing greens mixed in with sparkles of colour like copper and chrome - very tasteful. Second compliment must go to the staff. Very friendly and a great knowledge of what they serve - especially the Cocktails. I love the Absinthe carafe / drip. I had the great pleasure of visiting whether it being for a surprise birthday party or a Glenmorangie whisky tasting (which also was attended by Tom Kitchin BTW) as well as a cosy night with friends. It just works.. most of the time.What irks me, and possibly has held me back from visiting more often..this place is dark, shadowy (apart from the conservatory) - it creates sometimes an atmosphere of being trapped in a Film Noir.  Being it high summer or deep winter. It makes the bar temperature cooler (temperature wise)  on view and the senses. (the exception being the conservatory)..the high barstools are.. err.. cumbersome, difficult to negotiate. I rather stand. When there are (too) many people it becomes difficult to find a comfortable place to spend the time. So if you find a good spot in the conservatory hold on to it for the duration that you are there, leather sofas and coffee tables. I should make more effort visiting here because I do like it , I just don't come round to doing so
5	They make mulled wine on demand. Just ask. Yes, even after Christmas is over!That sums up how great the service is, and the atmosphere or menu won't leave you disappointed either.
5	Holy Mancini the cocktails here are the bomb.I first encountered Bond no9 thanks to my sister. She and her other half hid in the place hiding from the snow on the way to pick up a christmas tree in 2009 and now make it a tradition to go there every christmas for a hot toddy before getting their christmas tree.I tagged along on their second year of this tradition and was recommended a Blazer by the staff there are a good warming drink. THEY SET FIRE TO IT!Seriously it's called a blazer for a reason, go ask for one! Mega tasty and a hell of a pouring spectacle! They do a range of unique cocktails crafted by their own mixology crew, as well as your tradition cocktails.They also do super tasty food here. I'd particularly recommend their lite bites and their thai curry things. mmm mmm good.This place is hoaching at weekends and has DJ's throwing down good tunes. Definitely worth a visit!
4	Friday evening: working week over - what to do now? Well, head over to Bond No 9 for some food and drinks and then see what happens!This was the plan. Bond No sure delivered. Another voucher to be used - this time the deal was for gourmet pies, roasted veg, fries and a bottle of wine. Started off with haggis bon bons, which sounds very playful :)  They were delightful and came with grainy mustard. Nice start for a meal. The wine was lovely, the pies were truly scrumptious and so were the fries and the veg as well. What I also loved about Bond No 9 is the service. The waitress was so friendly and everything was brought to our table with not too much waiting. In some places, when you ask for condiments e.g. mayonnaise, it is often forgotten or they mayo is brought over when the chips are already finished. Fear not for this happening here - you are in safe hands :)You must also try the wonderful cocktails this place serves - you won't be disappointed!
4	monday night is probably not the night most people wander out for a few cocktails while catching up with a friend.  but i like to bend the rules a bit, so i headed to Bond No 9 this past monday to enjoy some alcoholic beverages and a good chat with a good friend.what i love about Bond No 9 is the variety of cocktails they have on offer.  they've recently redone their menu to give it a good update, but also have a note that they will still make any of the cocktails off their old menu if you ask.  additionally if you ask for a cocktail that isn't on any menu or just fancy something different they're happy to mix something up that suits your tastes.  the bartenders are excellent and i've never had a bad drink here.  on monday i partook in a rural gimlet which was a lovely mixture of gin and grapefruit aand nettle (or was it thistle) syrup and other citrus fruits.  i also had a violetta resereva that featured a mixture of rums, violet syrup, and some other things to make it taste lovely.  clearly i had a few too many cocktails as their descriptions are a bit fuzzy now...i also ordered a burger from their newly updated menu.  i was a bit disappointed that their new menu didn't have any salads on it or any of the sandwiches or lighter dishes feature on their old menu.  but the burger was very tasty as were the fries so i can't complain too much.this place is great when it's warm and sunny as they have a really big outdoor seating area along the commercial wharf but it's also good when it's not warm and sunny as it has a large indoor space with loads of comfy seating.  there is also a dedicated area for the restaurant if you're only in to eat food.definitely a great bar to go to and it doesn't usually get too crowded as most people don't tend to go to the shore for a night out.  their loss really, but my gain as i can always get a seat and served quickly :)
4	I live across the road from Bond No. 9 which has always been a dangerous thing for my liver and my purse but of late the arrival of a new addition to the family has meant a serious cutback on going out! Apparently I needn't have as you can bring your wee ones in with you...and your mutt to if needs be. Two things I never knew about the place until I happened to be walking by and spotted a couple in with a dog and a baby. I can understand the reason why as the last thing you'd want your super cool trendy cocktail bar to turn into is a creche and doggy day care centre. So for those few of us now in the know, hush hush please. I love nothing more than chilling out at this place. Be it for an all day drink session or popping in after a meal out. The bar staff are uber knowledgable on all things drink with the added bonus of having personalities :) As for the food I've only ever had the tapas selection at this place which has always been tasty and good value for money.I never fail to be surprised by this place. Anywhere I can go and say that I'm in the mood for something particular and it gets made no matter whether it's on the menu or not is a bar for me!
4	Set in a cool location at the shore! The cocktails here are wonderful, a great amibience at night and a cool establishment during the day for lunch and maybe a wine? Swish interior and nice large moet champagne pillows, which i would love to have! :)
4	A great place to start off your weekend. Lovely staff, great music and extremely cute mugs they use to put your drink in. Highly recommend this place!http://smgdesigns.co.uk
5	Visited for an early evening meal during the week. Excellent food, good service and very reasonable prices.
3	When you visit a place often, you get used to it. That is the curse of familiarity and over exposure. The place still holds the relaxed and comfortable feel. I will concentrate solely on the last dinner experience I had which I found to be a little lacking. In the same line as getting used to surroundings, you get used to certain kind of service and food. In that regard Bond No9 is about 3/5. There wasn't anything wrong with the food, no mishaps. It was just a little bland and uneventful. The starter was a vergetarian tart with cheese and walnuts on a bed of salad. Quite tasty, nothing too special. The main course of Sirloin Steak (Med/Rare) with a mustard mash, skewered tomatoes, a mushroom and a horseradish sauce. Steak was cooked just right, the mash was flavourless, I really liked the subtle 'heat' from the horseradish sauce. Which worked well with the steak and tomatoes. The dish's flavours were well combined, but there was no real coherency. I don't think I have used that word in a review about food before, but it is the one that befits the most. some parts worked nicely while a combination of other parts were just *squint eyes, raise shoulders to my neck & wiggle with hands* ..nnngghahSo yes I can't really put my finger on it, but it has not really pleased nor displeased me. Still a solid 3 out of 5 is not bad, there are just other places out there that supply something extra, things that I missed here on this occasion.
