4	This is the same owner as Vintner Grill but is only open for special events.  It's a nice space.  A little small for 150 people, but still pretty good.  Nice view of the strip.It's located at the top of Neiman Marcus but a little hard to find.  You need to access the restaurant from the parking garage and take an elevator up.  The food is pretty good - better than any I've had in other events only venues.  They put a lot of detail into the desserts.  Unfortunately it took a while for us to get silverware to actually eat the desserts, but I think that was a minor hiccup associated with the fact that there were so many of us crammed in there.Check it out if you have an event and want to hold it on the strip.  It would be perfect for 100 people or less.
4	For an event space, this place was great. Attended a pharmaceutical rep dinner here, we only occupied a small room in the back that held about 30 people. The space has capactiy to hold 150 people I believe. The view was fantastic. The room we were in faced the Wynn, we had a nice view of the Palazzo, Fashion Show and the Strip below.  It was a pre fix menu, I attempted to choose something different than what I normally order at Vintner Grill. They started us out with calamari, haricot verts added a new twist on an old favorite, served with lemon/curry aioli. We also shared one of their flatbreads. Both were really good. I choose the sweet butter lettuce salad served with orange-balsamic vinaigrette, this wasn't that great. It lacked flavor, only thing I liked was the piece of warm Brie it was served with. I choose the Halibut for dinner (I've had it at the Summerlin location, it's so good I couldn't pass it up). This is was cooked to perfection. Ended it with a really good Tiramisu dessert complete with a homemade biscotti.Service was decent, my water glass was empty for awhile, but I think the server was trying not interrupt the speaker, he acknowledged it when he finally made it around. This is my issue with the venue, there is no bathroom located in the venue, you have to take a elevator downstairs, and the most offensive odor was coming from the area. Almost like a broken sewer line in the garage with seeping through.
5	Had my wedding reception here 2 mos ago. The manager Michael and his staff exceeded my expectations! Great service, amazing vintner grill food cooked to perfection, unbeatable view, reasonable prices. Worked with my high maintenance bridal requests. Couldn't have asked for more. Would definitely have another event here.
