2	The parking is not that easy here, even if you arrived early.  I think that we ended up in someone's backyard lot.  It's not that close to the freeways.  But, catching the W.Sox v. Cubs game here for Spring Training is awesome!  However, don't get me wrong, it's not even a tenth as good as catching the rivalry in Wrigley (which I've done too), but close.
5	There are few experiences in the sporting world that are analogous to a religious experience; a world cup final at Wembley, Game 7 at The House Ruth Built,  an NFC championship in blustery Green Bay, the 50 yard line cut-off between Orange and Crimson at a Texas-ou game in Fair Park, The 18th at Augusta, The Old Garden in Boston ... and ...Spring Training in Arizona.  Hope springing eternal like a vernal seed, watching it in faces as the new season dawns and everyteam is hedged in first place, like a row of champion thoroughbreds at the gates.Sharing this moment with 11,000 fellow Cubbie fans on an afternoon workday is ethereal.  While, you *could* park yourself in the shady box-seats behind home, wherein would lie the adventure?  For 6 measly cucumbers, you can have the "greener" version of the notorious rooftop seating at the 'friendly confines', drink Old Style out of a can, and gorge yourself with italian sausages while slow-roasting your winter-pale skin on the plush berm in right or left field.  Don't like baseball?  So fucking what? Here are some quick quips for inbetween pitches and long sips of cold beer:Who was that E5 on?  Do you think Wood will make the opening day roster?  Do you wanna get the next round, or me?  Yank him out, Lou!!Bring me back some nachos, eh? Is that Kosuke Fukudome on deck?  There will never be another Harry Caray.Yo, can you get me another beer, I'll get next?  Nevermind what any of those actually mean, or actually responding to whatever is said in retaliation.  Just lay your elbows back.  Enjoy that free round on your quickly reddening, formerly pasty, and just scarily burnt friend.  Oh, and learn how to pronounce Fukudome.
5	I don't think my husband will let me rate it anything less than 5 stars... Parking for us was okay since we did not park in the lot, we parked at neighboring house for 5 bucks.  Grabbed some towels from the hotel and staked out our claim on the lawn... People were very friendly.  My hubby met some folks from Dixon, IL the day before and they came by to say Hi... and of course, watching the Cubbies - can't beat that!!!
5	Three words: Fergie's Big Bite.As if baseball and sun weren't enough, the Cubs decided we needed to be presented with a fantastic breaded pork tenderloin sandwich. The folks from DeWitt Iowa who sell this thing should open a stand on my block. I'd buy 45 a week. Forty. Five.
5	if i'm not at sluggos through the month of march, you'll find me here!  That's all I can say.
5	This might be my favorite place in the state of Arizona! Who needs the Grand Canyon or Sedona when you have HoHoKam Stadium?? (okay, maybe a little bit of exaggeration there..haha). I love the Cubbies, baseball, sunshine, cold beer, and hot dogs. I honestly think that HoHoKam is the best spring training stadium in AZ (and I've been to them all)- mostly because of the atmosphere. This place is the only park I've seen that has ACTUAL tailgaters, complete with bags (somewhat like horseshoes, for those not from Chicago), coolers, and radios blasting. I can't wait for March! I've got my tickets! :)
4	I'm probably a true Cubs fan in the sense that I'm not a die-hard. I pay mild attention through the season, then get excited if they make the playoffs, and curse their name when they inevitably choke. Watching a non-playoff game on TV is beyond me for the most part, but what is more all-American than going to a ballpark on a sunny day, having a dog, peanuts, and a brew? Going to a game in Wrigley is the best, but it's expensive and living in San Diego makes it very hard. But a short trip to Phoenix while the city is still bearable in spring is pretty awesome. the small stadium is nice, and while it's a meaningless exhibition game, you can get relatively cheap tickets, even from Stubhub or scalpers. And you can go and sing "Take Me Out to the Ballgame" and "Go Cubs Go!" with a bunch of Cubs fans in beautiful weather.
4	Pretty neat stadium. I love how you can sit on the grass to watch a game or pay 3 more bucks to sit on a bench. Every seat had a pretty good view and the stadium seemed like it had recently been updated. Parking was easy, the location of the stadium is great and overall I had a blast watching the Cubs battle the Rangers. The vibe inside HoHoKam was almost the vibe of a regular season game. I dig it!
4	We saw a Spring Training game here, the Cubs vs. KC Royals. This stadium is a ways out from Phoenix and Scottsdale, but easy by freeway. Parking costs $5 and really is pretty easy. Not much in the way of free parking near by. You can park a ways away and walk, if you choose. But again, it is not close. The park is clean and there are some areas in the second deck behind home plate that have shade for those hot spring days. There is regular bucket seating in the stands around the base lines, bench seating with backs along the sides from along the outfields and great grass seating with a steep incline in the outfields. This is perfect to see the whole field without having trouble seeing over the people in front of you. You will need to stake out your grass quickly, as it does fill up. Bring a blanket and pillow and you are set.  The seating closest to home  plate had the best straight on view. As you go farther out in the bleacher seating, you find yourself having to turn in your seat to see home plate and the base runners. It gets tiring after several innings. There are minimal concessions here. Not sure why it is so slim, but there just is less than other stadiums. None of the new fancy frills. No funnel cake, no kettle corn. Older park I guess.Overall I thought this was a fairly nice park. We had a huge late breakfast and did not require any concessions and they let you bring in sealed bottled water.
3	Nice stadium, very relaxed. Everyone was friendly, we had GREAT seats behind home plate, and managed to find a free parking sport about 1/2 mile down the street. It is a bit of a way to walk, but we ended up parking by the minor league fields, and were able to watch their practice before the game. Three stars because you can't give three and a half. Only complaint is that it left me perplexed. You can only carry 32 ounces of beer at a time, yet the cups are 24 oz, so you can't pick up two at once. Seems a bit odd to me. They should adjust the rule or the cup size.
5	We went to the Cubs vs White Sox spring training game on 3/27/2009 during the first day of our road trip from San Diego, CA to Deerfield Beach, FL.  I've lived in SoCal for over 5 years now, but I am originally from the Chicago area and grew up watching the Cubs, so I was more than excited when I found out that this game lined up perfectly with our road trip!Everything about the stadium exceeded my expectations.  The stadium parking situation was as smooth as could be for a small baseball stadium.  It was just $5 and we were in and out in 10-15 minutes.  There were also people selling parking spots in their driveways right outside the stadium for $10.  I would recommend doing this if you want to get in and out with little hassle.The stadium itself was awesome, too.  The game we were at broke the Cactus League attendance record with a total of 13,327!  Even so, the lines at the concessions weren't too long and while there wasn't much of a food selection, there were the baseball game essentials (hot dogs and beer!) and they were great.We walked around the stadium and there doesn't seem to be a bad seat in the place.  The stands hug the field and even if you are in one of the very top rows, you are still pretty close to the field.  The lawn seating in the outfield even had good views and seemed like a good time.I can't wait to go back!
5	I've been going to Spring Training games here for close to ten years now and this place is really the closest you can get to a Wrigley experience in the southwest - part sports bar, part stadium, all fun. Make sure you get an Old Style from Mark the Beer Guy (he can usually be found around home plate on the mezzanine.) As a rule, I avoid the concession stand hot dogs in favor of a Vienna Beef cart serving up Chicago style dogs, but we've all had those before. So if you're feeling adventurous, try the pork tenderloin sandwiches from the trailer behind the left field bleachers. Not good for you, but good. Ridiculously good. Perfectly breaded and deep fried. A true testament to the greatness that is Iowan pork.Oh, yeah, and there's some baseball being played, too.
5	Each Spring Training facility has it's own quirks and things that make it special. Hohokam Park  where the Cubs play is no different. Upon parking, I walk towards the stadium and see people tailgating. Now, this wouldn't be weird for a regular season game, but I've never seen this at any other location around Arizona. I thought that was cool. I was even able to buy a lawn seat for just $5 off one of these guys instead of the ticket window.The Cubbie fans are very passionate and make their voice heard here. I'd thought the seventh inning stretch here was cool. Not quite Wrigley, but what is? Wearing a Giants hat, I was only heckled one time, but that guy was heckling anything and everything not in Cubs white, red and blue during the game. Minus this one guy, everyone else was very cool and friendly.There is lots of room in the lawn and places to eat and drink and also a restroom behind center field. It's hard to go more than 15-20 feet without a beer stand or beer vendor walking by. You won't go thirsty at this place! I will have Bud, Miller and Old Style ringing in my head for a long time now.If you are going to eat, go to Chuckie's on the third base side, near the left field foul pole. I've never had a breaded pork tenderloin sandwich before, but this was very good! You can get a combo with some awesome waffle fries for $9. The sandwich by itself is $8 and the fries are $4 solo. There is many other food options to go with if you want the standard hot dogs, nachos etc.The downside to this place has to be the parking. As I turned onto Central towards the park, there was a long line waiting to park in the stadium lot. I ended up parking a short distance from the stadium, right before the cemetary in big lot that a couple home owners use for parking. The cost was $5. Another winner in my book!
5	We go here every March to watch the Cubbies play spring training. Always a great crowd and great experience.
5	$5 parking + $8 lawn seats + good friends + old style + spring baseball + entertaining people watching = a perfect afternoon.
5	As a true Cubs fan, my destination of choice during the month of March is Arizona. Hohokam Park is my #1 choice while I'm in AZ and here's why:1. It's 80 degrees here, it's 15 degrees at home2. Inexpensive game tickets (if you don't get them from the ticket website, don't worry, there are plenty of scalpers close to the park)3. $5 parking!!!4. The Asian Noodles at the park are AWESOME! Yup, I eat noodles at the ball park, in the middle of March, in the blazing sun, and drink a beer. You should do this too. 5. One time while I was waiting in line to get a hot dog, Ernie Banks walked past me and I thought it was just THE coolest thing ever.  6. Hohokam has an up-close and personal kinda feel when it comes to the players. They will actually give autographs at Spring Training (if the timing is right [i.e. when they're leaving the ball park, or entering the ball park})7. Last time I was here, I met and Fergie Jenkins and Jay Johnstone and got some autographed baseballs from them. Jay talked to us for quite some time. 8. I think Hohokam might be the only AZ Spring Training park that tailgates. A few tips from the spring training pro: The bottled water outside the park is cheaper and colder, buy it. If you have lawn tickets, get there early, bring a blanket to sit on. Ronny Woo Woo, is going to be there, he's nice and you should be nice to him (he once beat me in a hula-hoop contest after the game in the parking lot, he also left voicemails for my friends back at home in Chicago). Respect your elders because there are  A LOT of em here...afterall, they probably are Chicago transplants and could teach you a couple things. Cubs fan or not, make sure to visit Hohokam, you're bound to love it! Go Cubs!
4	Yea, I was the asshole wearing a Jeremy Lin jersey to the Cub's Home Opener for spring training.  I took some heat, but I came out alive in the end.Hohokam seats about 12k and has a pretty nice lawn you can relax on ($9GA).  I soon found out this is where most of the lushes (including myself) like to spend their afternoon. The ball park is pretty nice, and clean as well.  The staff inside the team store were very nice as were the bartenders.  I even met 2 lovely older ladies from WI and Chicago, selling me beer. they were dolls!  That was cool they got to work together, as they were here for the season (I wanna do that when I get older!).There were a lot of options on food, being served by Ovations (the catering powerhouse behind the new Delta Menus), and had some great taste, and I am sure will be even better as the month progresses.Parking is $7, and pretty much wherever you can find a spot.  It was nice because it was a grass lot, and not dirt.A great place to check out if you are a Cubs fan or just like baseball in general!
4	As soon as I got off the plane, I was whisked away to Hohokam Park to catch the Giants vs. Cubs game. As a Giants fan, I was a little nervous about going to the other teams park in my orange and black but everyone was nice and just having a good time.We had lawn seats and at $9/each they were such a steal (especially since lawn seats at Scottsdale Stadium were $30/each)! Thankfully it was a gorgeous day in AZ at 85 degrees, so the lawn was the best place to be. I'd definitely get there early though so you can snag a good spot; luckily we found one but we didn't have the best view (there was a huge pole in the way). Bring a blanket to sit on!There were tons of food options and I ended up getting a burger basket at Black Angus for ~$10. All vendors are CASH ONLY and ATMS are provided but with a service fee. Service was fast and surprisingly served with a smile! You'd think they'd all be tired of all the drunk people but everyone who helped us was great. Beers were forever flowing and the lawn is probably the most popular spot to get your drink on.We had a great time and I hope to be back next Spring! The only reason Hohokam Park isn't getting 5 stars is because I'm forever a Giants fan and this is where the Cubs call home ;)
3	Saw the Cubs play the Rangers here on March 20, 2012.  This is clearly one of the older spring training parks in the Phoenix area.  The park is rather small, and it is kind of difficult to find a restroom.  However, the field itself is beautiful, and the park is a very intimate place to see a game.  We sat six rows up on the first base side and had a great view of the entire field.I have to hand it to Cubs fans.  They were out in force for game day and having a great time.  Everyone had that mid-west friendliness.  As people drank more beer, the crowd just became more happy and friendly.I only gave three stars because there are some issues with the age of the stadium and the location is not great (park in the marked lot next to the stadium and not in one of the impromptu "lots" set up in someone's front yard.  Also, the beer vendors come around a bit too frequently and kind of disrupt game watching.About the seventh inning, we moved to the outfield.  If you want to save some bucks, this is a great outfield to sit in to watch the game.  There is lots of space and it is like a day at the beach with everyone playing and having a good time.All in all, a good day, but Hohokam is just a notch below the newer spring training venues.
4	I've been to at least 5 of the Spring Training parks in the Phoenix area and this one is a crowd pleaser.  They did a great job directing traffic/parking..not a bottleneck to get in or out.  Lots of room to set up for tailgates.  All of the staff we interacted with were helpful and friendly.  The stadium has a nice layout and there really isn't a bad seat in the park.  I also like that they have a wide variety of ballpark food and lots of different areas to buy souvenirs unlike other places were it's only 1 pro shop which has a line just to get in.  I guess the only con is that it's in Mesa so there really isn't any place to go out to after the game (unlike the actual Wrigley Field).
4	Nice place, to bad the Cubs always suck....
5	Great older Park for Spring Training I met the man that runs the place when I bought tickets a day prior to the cubs vs sox game for spring training he was very nice very informative and told us alot of detail about the park and even invited us to take pics on the field it was awesome.. Outfield is fun alot of great times they server oldstyle and 312 great times I cant wait to see the new park since this will be spring home of Athletics in 2014 GO CUBS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
