2	I presume this is how hipster dive bars begin. I recall a Time Out Chicago article I once read that deconstructs the particulars of dive bar development.  On the Darwinian continuum of diveyness Angelo's Lounge must be an amoeba. This has all the trappings of a hipster dive bar, but it falls short of the features you find at places like Bikini, Shady's or places in Tempe. Perhaps 10 years from now this will be a hipster hot spot.  Lately with new ownership they're reportedly starting to book bands more often.I went here with Bonnie to see a friend's band perform and I couldn't believe the inside of this place. It was freaking surreal like watching a bad movie in slow motion. Is that really 70s inspired outdoorsy silhouette wallpaper (photo posted above) on every inch of the walls? Is that really an 70 year old alcoholic trucker with a ZZ Top beard sitting three stools down from an indie-rock 25 year old Tempe girl?Here's what else you can expect:* Two pool tables.* No beers on tap, but Miller High Life by the bottle.* Cash only.* Mismatched floors.* Gross bathrooms with 80s-glitter inlaid sinks* Brick fireplace in the corner.* Jukebox with Linkin Park, Reba McEntire and Neil Diamond. Nuff said. * Falling water: the untrendy kind - like from a leaking roof here and there throughout.* Decrepit ceiling fans that looked like they were about to fall and go flying.*A veritable Mason-Dixon line of humanity: sketchy, trashy looking old fogeys and their admirers toward the front, indie rock-luvin hipsters toward the back. We were probably somewhere near Philly. And best of ALL...* A gigantic velvet landscape painting with a 6 inch gash in the middle. Klassy!
4	Ahhhhhh, Angelos.We started to come by here on a regular basis last year.There was NOONE here ever, except the local drunks and bums, and even they hardly ever came in for more than a drink.Mama Lita, you have made me some of the best Lemon Drops, you always poured a mean rum & coke/vodka tonic/white russian. I miss talking to you about life and etc.I miss playing the free pool with my peeps, having the place to ourselves. the awesomely tacky decor, sweating my ass off while the ticky-tacky fans lazily blast their tepid air about.Been away from this place for about 2-3 months. Now I drive by, this place is popping. What did we do?Had a friend's birthday here in October, now the place is full of scenesters-did we let the cat out of the bag??This was our special place, a hidden gem all had trashed and forgotten...now to be another gay bar where they will probably tear out the fountain and shellac the place with black paint and a "disco floor"   *yawn*Oh Angelos, I think I will have to stop by after work today to see what has become of you, my trashy little booze tart...
1	This does not exist.  It is now an unbelieveably soulless gay bar with the inventive name "Bar One".  That is all.
