4	We noticed this Taco-Burrito placed popped up in 2013 near our office.  It's a great other quick and casual choice that beats eating Tim Horton's or Subway.  The do prepare all the burritos, taco's, quesadillas, salads, all fresh by order.  For burritos there are lots of options from pork, chicken, fish (tilapia) and shrimp.  Sizes are regular or large.  I usually go for a chicken burrito or a spicy chicken.  Lots of veg choices including black bean and you can get your usual add on's guacamole and many choices of salsa's (mild, med, hot, extra hot).  For the fat or hungry man there is the mechant-gros (XL) burrito.  I have a friend who usually attacks one of these like it's a prison "last meal" on earth!Price wise you can usually get out of here with a drink for around $12 - $14 which is pretty damm good value in my mind.  My prediction is these Quesada chains are going to multiply in the coming years as Quebeckers have not seen the likes of Baja fresh, Chipotle grill, El Pollo Loco, Pancheros etc.. mexican fast food and all the taco trucks that pockmark the US especially in the Southwest and California.  We have only had Taco Bell which pretty much failed miserably in Canada!
3	9,81$ pour un trio burrito 10", des tortillas style chips et boisson fontaine, incluant l'extra guacamole frais qu'on aime tant :)
2	I ordered the shrimp Burrito, What I received was some of the worst tasting shrimp in my life.  It tasted as though it was microwaved it was so rubbery and tough!  Seriously buyer beware!   Really bad!  Service is still good and efficient but the Shrimp really was horrible!
4	Half way between a Taco Bell and a mom and pop Mexican shop. Cheap, quick and half decent Mexican fare. I may go back.
5	Best way to describe this place: it's like a Mexican Subway restaurant, only better!Been twice in the past two days, ordered burritos which were prepared fresh in front of me. I love that I pick exactly what I want in it, it's tasty, no frills, affordable, there's something for everyone. The "Big Ass" 14 inch burrito is hilarious, all wrapped up- it looks like a newborn baby! For the average person, you would have to finish it in two sittings and bringing back leftovers means you have at least a pound of food remaining.I get incredibly excited for restaurants that serve huge portions so this place is right up my alley.You have to try their cilantro-lime-sour cream sauce, so simple but adds that perfect zing to every bite. They don't charge extra for sour cream, which is great, since other popular Mexican sit down chains do.Opt for the trio, you get tortilla chips with your choice of dip and unlimited fountain drink refills for just 2$ more.Bonus:- They have a fidelity card. Accumulate stamps based on your purchase. Big Ass Burrito gives you 3 stamps for example, on your 12th stamp you get a free meal and on your 20th stamp too.- They offer catering. Mexican fiesta anyone?!- Free wifi.
4	Great prices for the quantity of food, customer service good, quality of food good, cleanliness could use a tad of a polish.I had lunch with m'lady at this venue a few days ago. I had a burrito, and she has a taco and nachos. The quality of the food was quite decent, however the baskets at the garbage can as well as the contents of the garbage can were piling up. The tables also weren't getting wiped, and chairs at the table nearest the cash register area were all over the place.All-in-all, which the exception of the cleanliness and slight messiness situatin I don't see anything that could've been improved at this venue. If in the area, I'd be more than happy to return there.
5	Found this place about a month ago and i have already been here more then 10 times. It is basically like a Subway with burritos tacos and enchilladas. The food is always fresh and there is a good variety of choices. I go to the one in laval so i dont know about others but this one is really good you should try it out.
