4	Was pleasantly surprised to enjoy this place after purchasing a grouping a few months ago. Nice quiet romantic atmosphere, gorgeous ceiling, low lights, and fireplace. From the outside you'd think it was a dive bar next to a tanning place but don't judge a book yada yada. The menu is amazing. Huge, varied, and gourmet. Tasted just as amazing as you would guess from the descriptions. About 20 a meal for dinner per person. Id have given it 5 stars but we went at 3:30 and there was only one other two top in the restaurant and we were still there until 5, so plan for a leisurely meal; though I did notice they do take out as well.
5	took my wife for her birthday meal. she ordered the surf and turf, I the prime rib. when her meal arrived it was too beautiful to eat. (she did eat it) the lobster tail was south African, the biggest tail I've ever seen. cooked to perfection also a beautiful filet. my prime rib was the best I've ever eaten. the waitress was excellent and Linda the bartender makes the best Cosmos in the world. Thee Olde Place is the best kept secret in Pgh!!!
5	This place looks like a bar from the outside.  Let me tell you it is nothing like a bar at all.  Probably the best secret in the South Hills. This place can be whatever you want it to be. Stars on the ceiling give it a romantic feel, but the cozy bar gives it a casual feel also.  So whether it's a lobster tail and a steak for your anniversary or a burger and fries after a game, they got you covered. Great service and kitchen guaranteed open until 10pm.  I would give some examples but I eat here weekly without a bad experience. Everything is good. 4 lunch special and 4 dinner specials change daily. Get anyone and you will be happy. If I had to give you my go to item I would have to say the Prime Rib for dinner and the French Dip and Wedding soup for lunch. Appetizer is either Fried Zucchini or the baked Artichokes.  Sunday Brunch is so good I can't even explain in words. If I had to say a negative I would have to say it can be a little pricey at times, but the quality overshadows this. There are plenty of chain restaurants charging the same for frozen dinners. Give it a shot!! You will running back the following week. Promise.
1	I just got back from dinner with my family at the old place and I can't emphasize enough my disappointment. The service was poor. Our waitress was a nice gal who was working hard, she simply had too many tables because the place was woefully understaffed. Our drinks weren't refilled in a timely manner and she was usually too busy to check on us. I had to go and find her a few times to get things that were missed. I don't mind paying the high prices of the old place if the food is good. Unfortunately the food was a let down. Four of us ordered the French onion soup. The soup was so salty it was rendered uneatable. The steak was good, but the baked potato was so dry I thought it left over from lunch. My daughter ordered the fettuccine Alfredo and it was quite bland. Everything else we ordered was just ok. To sum it up, our meal was mediocre at best and we were all disappointed. Not one person on our party of seven really enjoyed their meal. I express my dissatisfaction with our waitress and she informed me that she would write my complaints in a book they kept. That was it. I left with the feeling that they were happy that they got my money and that they did not really care that my family's dinner was poor. They made no effort to make it right and they made no effect to ease my displeasure. This will be my last family dinner at the old place. I will take my business to a place that has better food and a place that values it's customers.
4	I will start out by saying that for the most part, our meals were very good, but they were overshadowed by a lousy server.   We waited forever for a drink order and then even longer just to place our order.My husband ordered the French onion soup, which is a favorite for both of us.   I can say without a doubt that it was the worst we have ever eaten.   Visually, it looked appealing, with lots of cheese and crunchy onions on top, but once you pulled the cheese back, it was a bowlful of bread cubes soaked in broth.   There was absolutely no broth to speak of, so it was like eating mushy bread.   He ate a few spoonfuls and that was it.   We should have complained, but thought the server should have noticed that it wasn't eaten and asked about it.   Unfortunately she brought his salad at the same time, so he had plates all around him.  I had the wedding soup which was excellent.  Loaded with all the typical wedding soup ingredients, and thick and tasty.My husband had the pork chops, which were tender and juicy.  My Mom had a chicken dish, smothered in onions and gravy which she liked.   They both had plenty of leftovers.   The winner was my veal martini.  Veal slices, lightly breaded and fried, with a two cheese sauce which was excellent.   We all had the twice baked potatoes which were just OK.Our server never checked on us, never offered drink re-fills, and overall it was frustrating.
