5	This is "Hands Down" Charlotte's best Barbershop!  Jason is the Lead Barber and Owner and he knows how to cut hair and does it well. nice atmospherr and several tvs for sports.
4	I like this place. Good price, friendly guys and a good cut. Compare to other 'guy' centric places and this one blows away on price and quality of cut.
4	Great barbershop in the Ballantyne area of Charlotte. Nice clean shop with a good group of barbers. TV's at every chair usually have some sports on & the conversation is always lively. The wait for a cut can sometimes be substantial but each barber takes his time to give every client a good haircut. Cost of a cut is a bit pricey but there isn't a true barbershop in the area. Definitely recommend trying out Barbers at Blakeney.
5	I have been coming here over a year now.  Jason cut my hair once, and it was excellent.  Dusty is my usual barber though, and he does a great job.  After having my hair seriously messed up at other local places I have finally found a place I like.  I have waited over two hours for a cut before, but every customer gets full attention and they never rush.  The other barbers in there seem to do fantastic jobs too.  I just go to dusty because because he does a good job and he's just the guy I always go to!No complaints, just a great cut and real barber shop experience.
5	Great barbers and great personalities. I will never go anywhere else. Ask for Dusty!
5	Hands down the Best Barbershop in Charlotte. I have been coming here for about 18 months. I had tried Emerson Joseph, Roosters and Sports Clips. None of them come close to the quality of the haircut for the price. The shop is pretty simple, a few chairs, and a TV tuned permanently to ESPN. Jason is my barber and I appreciate being able to make an appointment. I work from home, and go in in during the week to avoid the weekend rush.
5	Great Barber Shop!  Tired of having Your hair done at those franchise places where you never know who's there?  The Barber Shop at Blakney is the place.  Highly recommend. Best to get appt.
5	Not having a barber in Ballantyne but in desperate need of a haircut, I decided to give Barbers at Blakeney a chance and am very glad that I did. I will definitely be heading back to the barber they set me up with, Luis as he was very good at what he did. This was one of the most thorough haircuts I have ever gotten, and worth every penny of the 20 dollar charge. Luis made me feel like I was back home in NJ, with the attention to detail you dont find everywhere. Razors on the neck line, warm towels, lotions, etc. Lets just say Im glad I found a barber I can trust in the Charlotte area.
5	Gentlemen, are you tired of getting your hair butchered at assembly-lined chop-shops like Great Clips and Supercuts? Does the idea of a Hooters'-style barbershop really turn you off? Does your wallet hate you when you've splurged at one of those high-end hair salons, you know, the ones that offer you a beer while you get a cut and a shave and a shoe shine and a nice hot towel, but you've just spent $90?If you said "yes" to all of the above, then Barbers at Blakeney is the oasis you've been searching for. While not an old-school barbershop like the ones your dad used to take you when you were a kid - no, you're not going to find beat-up copies of Playboy laying around - the gents that cut hair at Barbers at Blakeney take cutting your hair very seriously. You'e always going to get a razor-like attention to detail from any of the guys cutting your hair; doesn't matter who cuts your hair, you're going to get an excellent cut.Best part of it all, a cut at Barbers at Blakeney won't set you back a week's pay, nor is it going to look as if it was just cut by someone who flunked Basic Haircutting 101.Just keep in mind they stay busy every afternoon, so call ahead for an appointment, and they take no appointments on Saturdays, so get there early if you need your mop clipped for that hot date on Saturday night.
1	We were in the area today and my son needed a haircut so we stopped in. Won't make that same mistake twice. We were a walk-in so I guess we got the lowest of the barbers. My son has never had so many scratches and cuts on him, ever! Not even from Great Clips. I should post a picture. If I had done that to him I'm sure the child welfare agency would have been called. (It looks that bad!) My son is 13 so its not like he was moving all over like a toddler. If you do chance this butcher, I mean barber, maybe you should call ahead and make an appointment with the most senior barber so you don't get the guy in training cutting your child's ears, neck, cheek and even his shoulder!
1	If you have a longer style haircut this is not the place for you. I asked for half an inch to be cut off and they cut nearly 2 inches. Shortest my hair has been in over 10 years. I won't be going back. I can't remember the barbers name, but he's the one that cuts at the center chair.
5	I've been to the shop about four times, and I've been well taken care of each visit. You can call ahead for an appointment or just show up for the next available. The warm neck shave is just awesome. The guys are nice and know what they're doing. Simple and straightforward experience.
4	Started going here recently and had a great experience every time.  All the barbers do  a fantastic job and advise you on the best cut.
5	This barber shop is awesome.  All the guys there do great haircuts.  I especially recommend Tee.  Yes sometimes on the weekends there is a wait but they take appointments during the week.  I highly recommend this barber and any of the barbers there.
5	Since my first visit to this place, I have felt like a regular. This place is quite the gem. The 2 barbers I have gone to there are great. I usually go to Lorenzo, in his absence, I have gone to Jason. The other barbers seem friendly and seem to have a good base of clients as well. Both of these guys take great pride in their work, and it shines in their final work product. The workstations and floors are clean, and razors are sharp. It is is certainly  worth the few extra bucks over its cheaper competitors for a haircut. They also do a straight-razor shave and leave your neck baby-smooth. I would fully recommend you set an appointment, as they can get very busy. For those of you further south, the just opened a location in Indian Land. If I ever make it down that way, I'll certainly be checking them out.
5	This place was recommended to me by a friend and like the idiot that I am, I continued to go to one of those chains with the irrelevant sports memorabilia and a revolving door of "stylists." After receiving the world's worst attempt at a fade, I decided it needed to be fixed immediately. I walked in the Barbers at Blakeney and they very quickly recognized why I was there. As soon as I sat down, "T" knew what needed to be done and cleaned me up!For the service, quality and precision to detail, a $20 haircut is more than reasonable!   I will absolutely be going back!
