5	I've seen this place a thousand times on the way to get my hair fixed, and last Saturday I decided to stop by and see what it was all about.  It was crowded which is sometimes a good sign, it's a small place right on the corner of Stateville Ave right beside a barbershop.  So I went in and of course it smelled amazing fried, fried and more fried.  I got me a white meat chicken box it came with potato wedges, a roll and baked beans with a breast and wing.  I also got lemonade to drink, it took sometime but it was well worth it, it was the best fried chicken on the bone I've had in sometime.  The beans were really good, my little girl of course enjoyed the potato wedges but she enjoyed the rest as well.  I taught it was amazing, I wish it was one near my house.  But I will make it a routine stop after I get my hair fixed from now on out, yall should try it if you not on a calorie counting, fearing fried food kind of trip then you will enjoy it, they also have many different types of fish.
3	I'm always on the hunt for a good fish sandwich and I especially love going to places with history and longevity in the business.  Mr Charles has been around since the 80's, is a father/son business and are known for their chicken poboy( 3 piece, potato wedges and a roll).  I called in my order of chicken and fish and arrived just before closing.  I conversed with the father who rang me up and he couldn't believe I had never been there before since I've lived in Charlotte a while.  He was such a nice guy and reminded me of home when he asked for my last name to ensure he didn't know any of my 'folks'.......too funny.  I wasn't in love with how the fish and chicken was seasoned, the potato wedges were actually seasoned better, but I do plan to return for what I hear is a pretty mean turkey burger.
4	I had lunch here yesterday. I'm pleasantly surprised and will definitely be back on a normal basis as long as their service level and food remains this good. This place is close to my office. I had a burger and some sides; it was all delicious. Prices weren't bad at all. The service was great.. no shenanigans.
4	We had them cater our food for a high school graduation party--The food was FABULOUS!!!!  The fried fish was crispy and seasoned perfectly.  The baked & fried chicken was fresh, tender & juicy and the Mac n cheese & green beans tasted like your grandma's!  We also had their yellow rice that was fluffy and tasty. We had other sides but these were the hit makers!  We will definitely return. All of our "out of town" guests said they'll put the number in their phones to visit at their next trip to the Queen City!!  I passed this place hundreds of times but never stopped. We're so glad we had them cater for us. The owner is a very nice and pleasant gentleman. They even loaded up our car with curb service for all the food. Excellent service!
5	With a name like Mr. Charles Chicken, I HAD to try it!  We ordered a 2 piece dark meat with a side of fried okra, perfect for an early lunch.  Crispy, seasoned chicken, fried perfectly.  Plenty of side items to choose from and hand made mini sweet potato pies. The man at the counter also told us homemade cupcakes on Friday!  No seating, carry out only. Great for large orders too!!!
1	Frying chicken and shrimp and fish in the same grease is cheap and disgusting. If you don't mind it then maybe you will enjoy it. I was certainly not a fan. I'd rather pay more and get more than pay less and get a mess
4	My favorite chicken spot.  I would recommend calling a head.  Takes a minute to deep fry delicious chicken. On the one day a month with I need a fix, this is where you will find me.  They marinate their chicken overnight and even feed the less fortunate on Christmas Day.
