4	Formally Anime Ramen, I now like it better as World Noodle. This place doesn't need gimmicks. Bossa Nova music was playing which was a plus to me. The prices are very reasonable too! Most plates are $6.50 which is cheaper than going to panda express. Tried the pad thai and the yakisoba noodles and they were delicious! The waitress was friendly and always checked on us too. I will be back to try some more items.
5	reasonable price for delicious meals. tried the duck noodle and nasi goreang fried rice and was very good. although the menu need to be change. misspelled bottle water as "bottom water" lol but not a big deal. food is still good otherwise. service was friendly and attentive.
5	I am a lover of soup and ramen and this place was awesome from the start!The vibe I got when I first entered was very mellow and not too much going on, which is a good thing!I tried the Wold ramen bowl I think it was called and it was great. We had it for lunch and went back for dinner too! lolPlease stay in business since I know alot of the business that have tried to stay open here have been closing. I REALLY& like you guys better than anime ramen or any of the others that have been here previously.
2	Give them a chance it's newly open, may be food will get better. Service was great and friendly, that is a plus side of business.
5	It was a little quiet at work so I decided it was a good day to have an offsite lunch. I yelped new spots in Chinatown.Yes, this is the old Anime place, and the maid place which I did not get to try. It is next door to Kaya Sushi. We ordered the Roti to start and it was one of the best in Las Vegas, next to Island Malaysian and Veggie House. It was freshly sauteed and fluffy. The sauce was slightly spicy but nothing too fancy (because the Roti was the star). I read the restaurant was opened by Thai people so I was hesitant about ordering anything not Thai or Southeast Asian, but my Ramen craving was still going strong, so I had to try their Tonkatsu Ramen. The ramen was the thin noodle kind, with a really tasty, savory and sticky broth. The pork was tender, sliced really thin, and was surprisingly good. The major difference was that there were fried shallots added, and that totally changed the flavor profile, in a good way.   I was also able to try a slice of the roasted pork from another noodle soup dish, and again, it was surprisingly good, sliced thin and flavorful. Side note, their entire menu is pictorial, so that made it really easy to pick what to order! I would absolutely come back... to try the other menu items, as well as the Roti again!
5	What's a great Thai fusion food! I have the roasted duck egg noodle soup, and  papaya salad. Will come again!
2	Sometimes you find restaurants where the people are nice, but clueless. That was our experience at World Noodle. We ate there on 1/1/14 for lunch, and the small place was packed. We ordered and waited, and waited, and waited, and waited. The waitress said only two people were working that day, but still. About 45 minutes into our wait, still no appetizer, they started serving tables that had been seated AFTER us. We said something and the waitress was apologetic. Another 5-10 minutes went by and the appetizer (pot stickers) and the main courses arrived simultaneously. That was 100% predictable, although the tables that had been seated after us received a proper sequence. My dish, my favorite Thai noodle dish whose spelling escapes me at the moment, was utterly tasteless. I mean nothing. The wife got some kind of curry with broth. The beef was tender but the broth was so salty that it was inedible. Shortly after we ate my stomach started to feel funky. The men's room had no paper towels. The women's room had towels but no soap. The two people working were women so you don't want to think about the restaurant not having soap in the restroom.I am giving the place two stars because the waitress was really apologetic, but to be honest it was a one star experience and the food was not good at all. Would not even think about returning.
5	This place is awesome. Very very good. We had the beef stew soup, pot stickers and veggie ramen. Best thing I've eaten in a very long time! Can not wait to go back!!
5	Great pho and noodle dishes. Service is friendly and helpful. Also a great selection of iced or hot teas.Definitely recommend for Asian cuisine.
4	Loving what they have done. The food it's amazing compared to the previous owners. Excellent Thai service too.
5	Excellent food suitable for a vegetarian. Very nice and friendly service. There spa drink are to die for never seen such good varieties. Ordered the drunken noodle best decision. Being everyone here.
3	Came here to eat cause I wanted noodle soup. First time here saw the reviews and decided to give it a shot. Ordered the beef salad, wasnt bad liked the thinner pho type meat and the flavor was decent wished it was a bit more flavorful though. Next ordered the world noodle soup. The soup was quite sweet for a spicy level 10 which wasnt spicy in the slightest. I did not enjoy the sweetness of it and the peanuts in the soup was over kill. My friend had the tom yum noodle soup, the soup was watery not enough yum for the tum. My mother had the garlic beef, the beef was tender but the flavor just didnt really hit and the beef was in too watery of a sauce. All in all its an okay place. The service was good though so thats a plus.
2	It's a great concept - no more arguing over what kind of asian to get, everybody can have the asian cuisine they want in one place. Unfortunately, execution...not so good. I feel kind of bad leaving 2 stars - I wanted to like this place since the servers and chefs were very sweet. Unfortunately, 3 out of 3 things we ordered were not very good, and it's doubtful that I'll give this place another try. Shoyu ramen was bland and pretty tasteless, pad see ew was decent but the sauce was weirdly sweet. I didn't care for the flavor, but my friend who had never had pad see ew anywhere else said it was pretty good. The roast duck soup w/ ramen had a fair amount of boneless roast duck, but like the pad see ew, the flavor of the broth was extremely sweet. The noodles in both soups were also soft and slightly overcooked. Other reviews seem overall positive, so maybe we just chose the wrong things to try. I won't be back, but world noodle is maybe worth trying if you research what's good. Another thing to note is that the majority of the pics on yelp are posted by the business, so they're staged, not really user pics. The yelp app doesn't show who posted pics, so I didn't know until I got to the restaurant and saw the same pics printed in their menu. A little misleading...
4	New place opened up in the Chinatown area of vegas. This is a thai asian fusion style place. The world noodle is good. Had that twice in 3 days. The thai dumplings were ok. Not all that freat but the pad see ew was also very good. New plave for me to go to when I am n vegas again and craving noodlesAlso staff there were very friendly and service was good.
5	If you want a nice bowl of noodles this is the place to go in Vegas!Varied selection of noodles from Thai prepared noodles to Chinese styles noodles. Wet or dry! And it is sure to fill you up! Delicious! Delicious! Delicious.And I'm Asian.I know good noodles.Kidding. But seriously, please try out if you want a delicious bowl of great noodles.
3	I went here on Sunday night with some friends around 7 pm. Only one other party in the restaurant.  The decor was decent, nothing too memorable, but at least there was some decor and it was clean.  The waitress was very nice and we were promptly seated and she took our drink order immediately. I asked her what she recommended overall and she said the miso ramen, shoyu ramen and beef stew. I think it was beef stew, I can't remember the name, but it was the on the right side bottom of the menu on the noodle page... I tried the miso ramen. I didn't particularly care for it, I am used to the tonkotsu broth and I think that this was just miso based. I thought the broth lacked flavor and the noodles they used were instant. Which would make sense as that is what they were advertised on the wall. Not impressed with the use of instant noodles. Also, had the takoyaki - I admit I have a high standard for takoyaki as I grew up eating it in Japan. This did not fit the bill, but was a good effort, there was one small piece of octopus in the middle. I am pretty sure they balls were fried and not steamed, nonetheless I enjoyed them as it has been too long since I have had any. Everyone else seemed to be happy with their choices and the server refilled my husband's countless ice teas without complaint.
4	I had my doubts when I first entered World Noodle BC nobody was dinning in for lunch on a Thursday except myself. BTW this place has no association with the Noodle World located in Alhambra So Ca.The selection here is overwhelming - soup noodle from just about every Asian country and to boot they offer Shabu Shabu. Playing it safe I ordered the Thai soup noodles medium spicy with flat noodles. My soup noodles were yummy - the broth was spicy & contained generous amounts of protein and noodles. As I enjoyed my meal in came four new clients  which confirmed what my taste buds were telling me - that this place is legit.I'm looking forward to returning on my next trip and trying another soup noodle entree.
3	Much like Private Benjamin Buford 'Bubba' Blue's obsession with shrimp in the movie Forest Gump, World Noodle has but one singular passion:Noodles!You can get reasonably priced noodle dishes from almost every region of Asia. Craving Japanese ton kotsu ramen? Yeah they have it. Korean budae jiggae? Check. Thai khao soi & pad see yew? Yep. Look. You can probably get slightly better versions of the various dishes in restaurants specializing in only one of the regional cuisines. Ton kotsu ramen, I'm looking at you *monta ramen* *cough*.But where World Noodle shines is the huge variety of noodle dishes it offers. There is something for everyone.
5	I was accidentally stopping by this restaurant after my long day of work. Thought I wanna had just a cup of noodle and back to the hotel BUT it turned out a big dinner. All foods I order were good to excellent. I recommend Thai dumpling, squid and noodle. They are soooo great. This wont disappoint you. Also greay service too.
3	I wanted to give this place 4 stars, but.... This is a new business, and the lady who served us was nice enough that I want them to do well.  However, World Noodle really had nothing extraordinary, or even competitive, to offer! They are more of a Thai/Chinese fusion cuisine, which seems to be the next big thing nowadays.  They had these Thai dumplings, wrapped in cooked mochis with either taro, chives or bamboos.  We tried all three prepared fried, and they were good to try if you like cooked mochi and these somewhat authentic dishes.  I had their special noodle (I can't remember the name now;  I think it was the World Noodle?), and it was decent.  It was exactly how I had expected it but a bit sweeter than I thought it should be.  The bf ordered the duck noodle, and it was much sweeter than what we thought it should be since the soup was more of a soy sauce base.  To make it a bit more harder to give it more stars than I want to, we were the only patrons there when we arrived a little past five.  We were still the only patrons there when we left 40 minutes later.  Like I said, if you're looking to venture into a new restaurant for the sake of going to a new restaurant, by all means, go grab a bowl of noodle at World Noodle.  But if you're in the mood for some comfort-food noodle, World Noodle may not be for you...
3	I really wanted to give World Noodle more stars but I just can't come around to do it.  It is kinda like its predecessor Anime Noodle, not bad but not amazing either.  What is it...the location??  I just wasn't overall super impressed for what the place is supposed to be.We came on a super busy Friday night on a weekend where it was around Chinese New Year.  There was no parking AT ALL in the mall where World Noodle is located so we had to park in the mall right next door.  Only problem was, security was there that night to tell us if we didn't purchase anything from the mall, our car could be towed!  WTH?  Many people were doing the same thing by the way.  So we quickly went to Mr. Sandwich and purchased a #1 House Special sandwich to go.  Almost $4 later and a receipt to show the security guard we walked back over to World Noodle.I'm not gonna say this was an omen but when we walked in to World Noodle, it was darn near a ghost town.  Only 3-4 tables were taken with patrons, the rest were empty.  This is just coming from outside now...where Sushi Kaya next door had a waiting line outside, and the restaurants upstairs were full of patrons.  What gives?  I swear it is the location of any restaurant that sets up shop here in this corner.  Bad news.We are greeted and seated promptly then shown to a table.  The menus are very nice, I'll give World Noodle that.  Very bright, easy to read, colorful, and with pictures!  We wanted to visit because we heard the Big Kahuna here (Chef Amy) is a very good and well known Thai chef.  This is supposed to be her baby.After getting our drinks we get around to ordering.  The little one got a regular order or Crispy Chicken ($8.50), and the wifey got the Beef Chow Fun ($7.95?).  I ended up getting the special Mini Noodle Hot Pot ($10.99) because of the flyer on the table.  I chose the Tom Yum soup with beef, and ramen noodles.  Within 15 minutes our food started to come out from the kitchen.  I try to be more portion-controlled now-a-days but...it seemed like so little food!  That was my main gripe.  The portion of Crispy Chicken was like one row of a small chicken breast or thigh, barely enough to feed my growing 11 year old.  It tasted good and well flavored, but looking at the chicken on the inside, seemed like it was pounded pretty flat before frying.  My kid ended up still hungry and sharing our food.  The wifey's Beef Chow Fun was just how I like it, with green onions and bean sprouts.  But again, the portion was on the small side!  Luckily my wife was willing to share, it tasted good.  My Mini Noodle Hot Pot was just that, mini.  The picture makes it look bigger, but trust me, it's mini!  So yes, World Noodle is right on that one.  This hot pot is great for maybe one little person, but a guy like me, I'm looking for a bit more substance.  Bad thing is, it was good!  The Tom Yum soup was super spicy (which I didn't mind but my kid did), and the thin beef cooked well in the broth along with the other included goodies like the cabbage and enoki mushrooms.  The ramen was good in the soup, but again...so little to go around!  It was a small portion of ramen.  I wish I could have had more to begin with, but I was a bit ashamed to ask, nor was I offered it.  By the time I was done, I had so much leftover Tom Yum soup boiling away in my mini hot pot with nothing else to put in.  Such a shame.  So, so sad.  Tasty food was a plus.  Tiny portions was a minus.  But service was prompt and very friendly, no complaints there.  Price for what you get would be more reasonable if the portions were just a bit bigger.  On our way out we were envious of all the folks in Kaya Sushi doing AYCE sushi!  Damn buggers!  So we did leave still a bit hungry.  Luckily I had that #1 House Special sandwich from Mr. Sandwich waiting for me.  Just me.
3	Was here about 11 pm on Fri/21 Feb.- Had the Thai Boat(?) Noodle, which was ok.  With tax it came out to $9.12.- Nice place, decor hasn't really changed since the place was Anime Ramen.- Good service.  Waitress forgot to provide napkins (and there were none on the table) but not a big deal.- Will give the eatery another try, probably the dry (ie no soup) Drunken Noodle dish.
2	Let's start out with I'm giving this two stars and this is me being generous. They are getting two stars from me because the place had nice decor, and because my friend and I thoroughly enjoyed their fried green tea ice cream.We come in and there are three other tables seated, both have obviously been there for a while and have all been served. We sit down order our food (all we wanted was some dessert and my friend told me how much she LOVED their fried green tea ice cream, so why not.) I'm not entirely sure how long it takes to make fried ice cream, but it took at least 25 minutes to get the food. When we finished we sat at our table for half an hour (and by now the entire shop was EMPTY). Not once were we asked if we needed more water or how we were doing, nothing. While we wait the two waitresses went between going into the back room and texting on their phones. Till finally we got our bill and we could leave.By the time we're half way across town we realize that they didn't hand back my friends debit card when the bill was given to us. When we returned to the restaurant they give her back her card without asking for ID or any proof that it was her card. I can't say I was impressed but I can say I regret not walking out after eating the ice cream.
1	We walked into a empty restaurant at 1230! It stayed empty until we left.  Thought it was busy, but it was the sushi bar next door.Ordered noodle dish.  Duck was shredded.  Not like picture.  Ordered ramen vs rice noodle.  Charged extra dollar for that.Soup was so bad, we could only eat half of our order because the soup was too strong.  Chef/server had the nerve to ask us if we had duck noodle before.  They knew we were from Hawaii.  Who doesnt eat duck noodle in Hawaii!Dont recommend.
2	I went with the duck noodle soup because I was skeptical ordering pho or ramen - I'll save that for a pho/ramen shop.If I ever come back here I'll be sure to tell them to skip the cup of sugar.  Way way too sweet - I liked the duck and all the veggies in the soup though.
2	It was just OK...nothing to ride home about. Probably won't go there again unless my usual place is packed. Well even the I'll wait.
4	Very friendly quick service and food is always good and fresh. Clean tables and utensils. Relaxing casual environment good for small groups or a casual date night. A variety of foods for even the pickiest of eaters. Try something new each time or find one thing you like it will be great each time.
5	Great overall experience from beginning to end, service was good the staff was nice and kept checking on us often and kept our glasses full. One bad note only two free refill drink item green tea or jasmine tea and of course water. Only canned sodas and specialty drinks otherwise. I got the roast duck noodle soup with rice noodles my gf the tom yum soup with shrimp and udon. I liked hers better then mine but both were really good and better than expected price was very inexpensive and servings were pretty big. Will definitely be coming back.
4	A pleasant guy suggested we try this place out, and I certainly was curious since it was one of the places I wanted to try out but the BF and fam love this other restaurant down the street (which i will make a review bc it actually is a decent place) ... We were in line at 99 Ranch and the guy was like "try Noodle World"With the help of Yelp, we located World Noodle, we didn't care if it wasn't the place that was originally suggested and we sat down to order.I'm a fan of these thai fusion menus ... side order fiend as well ;) For a group of 8 we ordered a bunch of different dishes ... so let this be a review on what we ordered:some of the side dishes we ordered we're okay but i would say $5 for 2 pieces of roti is overpriced. The soups were very tasty and piping hot.I chose the spicy basil and enjoyed it ...The waitress was very courteous and patient when we asked her to split the bill.. Of course, napkins and utensils didn't appear until a bit before our food arrived but i'm not complaining. Overall the service was okay, food was very good and the variety was pretty decent. I mean if I lived in Vegas and had to choose where to eat, I'd drag them to World Noodle every once in awhile. The prices overall for different dishes were very fair.
3	Decided to pick out a random place to eat at and World Noodle was the winner. The place itself wasn't that busy. The service was great, I ordered the Thai Boat Noodle for the first time which was recommend by the waitress. It seems to be more of a Thai restaurant so I didn't want to order anything else. My food came out and it was decent. It reminded me of a spicy thick broth beef pho. It was pretty good until I bit into a huge chunk of liver which was my fault for forgetting to tell them to order without. Would come back again
5	This place never disappoints! I went out on a limb and tried the Nosi Goreng fried rice and it was delicious. The waitress was so friendly too
4	One of the best boat noodle soups I've ever eaten! I ordered the boat noodle soup, with the regular pho noodles and spicy level of 7. The amount of spiciness, noodles, and meat & veggies that accompanied it was PERFECT!Their papaya salad, beef salad, and the rice & chicken dish were delicious as well! The rice and chicken dish may be bland, but if you ask for the ginger fish sauce with hot peppers, it serves as a perfect dipping sauce for it.Spiciness level is on a 1-10 scale, with 1 being no spice and 10 being very spicy.I noticed that they serve ramen and some sort of Korean soup stew dish. In my opinion, I think it's best to stick to the South East Asian soups since it seems like their Thai owned. Just a thought.
1	We came to eat here during dinner hours. The parking lot to the plaza was packed, but when we walked in here, the place was dead and empty. And after my experience here, I can see why. This place is garbage. If I could give it zero stars, I would. First off, TERRIBLE customer service. We were literally the only people in the place, and the waitress was bumbling about in such a rush she didn't even take a our drink order. She just brought us both water (which neither of us wanted). Also didn't ask what level of spiciness we wanted our food to be, they asked that every time we came in before and she seemed irritated when I reminded her. She was unhappy and angry we were there.We both got the Singapore Noodle, which "vegetables" consisted of a lot of onions and just a few slices of peppers. How cheap. Cheap as in low quality food. The prices are anything but. A handful of salad in a sauce bowl is $5.00.As we reached the end of our meal, I had a whole half of my meal left on my plate, my boyfriend asked, word for word "a to-go box and the check". She grabbed up our plates and threw them in the back, in the trash. No mediocre noodles for me to snack on later. Lame. This place is just plain BAD and you should invest your money in another one of the great restaurants in the area.
4	Love thier noodles. Its always empty when I go, which surprises me because I think the food is awesome and the waitress is always nice. The price is fair.  Around 20 bucks for two people.
3	World noodle is ok. Food has a lot if flavors in it. But it's mostly thai food.  They do have vietnamese food and Japanese mixed in, but mostly thai. Not a bad place, just mediocre. But in my opinion, if you want thai, vietnamese, or japanese food, just go to a restaurant that specializes in that kind of food. Oh, thai tea is good, though they serve it in tiny glass and no refill (of course). I don't mind no refill, just not in a tiny glass where I am forced to ask for another glass.
1	Horrible flavorless Ramen I would not eat here again if it was free!!!!! Beware, we were also ignored by the server
