2	Ok. Here is another store in the same plaza as Payless Shoesource that is ok some what. They have snacks such as shasta sodas and little variety of sweets, but when I need something like for work, I can never find things in this store. I would have to drive to the Dollar Tree in the plaza at the corner of Maryland Pkwy and Silverado Ranch!! I go to the Dollar Tree alot whether for work related things, for my son's school stuff, or just because it is convienent, but not this one!
3	I spent way too long here today to figure what I needed to get for goodie bags. Not that it was a bad thing I just couldn't decide they had so much to choose from.They have good stuff for a $1 compared to the $.99 store.
3	It's a store. They sell stuff for $1. They call it Dollar Tree. Ingenious.
4	I don't know why there are so many bad reviews about this Dollar Tree. For the most part, this Dollar Tree is clean and the employees are friendly. My favorites buys here are the following: -party decor-plastic/paper silverware & plates -seasonal decorating supplies-cheap frames-craft items-cheap school supplies-mylar balloons -LA Colors cosmetics-measuring cups (random, I know)-kids flashcards & coloring booksThere are occasionally long lines, but overall, I like this Dollar Tree. Plus, did you know everything in here is $1?!
3	What's there to really say? It's a Dollar Tree. Everything in the store costs $1. The quality at Dollar Tree is much better than our local 99 Cents Only store, but the two stores carry different merchandise which makes it fun to shop around! Dollar Tree seems to pride itself on the fact that they cater to a more 'upscale' clientele. I go here mainly to buy cheap greeting cards. They have cards that are 2 for $1, making it an easy and cheap way to send cheer in the mail (people throw out cards anyway so why pay Hallmark prices)? I've also found some good deals on household cleaning products and name brand health and beauty items. This store has recently put in a frozen food section at the back of the store. Be sure to check out the refrigerated cases because the food selection changes. Most of it is junk or questionable "brands" but sometimes you can find a total score (I once got a full size box of real Steak-Ums for $1 and they sell for $6 at Albertsons). Not everything is a good deal so make sure you know your brands and prices. Lots of the stuff for sale is junk that is manufactured specifically for the Dollar Tree (look on the label for the "Greenbriar" brand, that's their house label). This Dollar Tree would get a higher rating from me if it weren't for one major issue -- the checkout lines are always ridiculously, crazy long! It sometimes takes as long as 45 minutes just to check out (lord help you if you go on a Friday afternoon after payday, you'll be in the line 'til next Christmas)! They rarely have more than one lane open even when the line snakes all the way to the back of the store and there are plenty of employees stocking the shelves. This drives me bonkers and on more than one occasion, I have walked in the door and then immediately turned around and left because the checkout line was so long (with ONE person working ONE register). It's a good dollar store with wide, clean aisles and of course great prices.
3	This is your typical dollar store. This one is pretty large, has a good selection and seems to have plenty of stock of the items I need. People think that it's the dollar store so instantly it's a good deal, but you really have to watch on some of the food items...it can often not be the best deal.I come here a lot to buy items for my Arbonne business - plastic tubs for foot soak at my spa parties, marbles, cheap wash clothes, little hand towels, spa/bath give aways like loofah, sponges and scrubbers. I don't feel so bad when I loose them or have to toss stuff when it was cheap to begin with. Other things I can find here:cards goody bag stuffersDIY project componentscheeky holiday decorSince it's a dollar store, the deals and good items are hit and miss. You learn quickly what to avoid and what is OK to get here...
4	Dollar Tree is the place to go if you are looking for inexpensive goods. I tend to like their bags and tissue paper. It acts as a quick solution and the lazy man's way out of gift wrapping. The quantity for most of their items is not too much, but for a dollar, it is not bad.
4	Out of all the dollar stores, Dollar Tree is my favorite. It is relatively clean and organized at this location.At Christmas they have the essentials such as boxes, gift wrap, and labels, cheaper than target!
4	Love Dollar Tree, and this one has become my favorite in Las Vegas because of its neighboring stores.  Although smaller than some other dollar stores, Dollar Tree is my favorite because of two items that I can always get there: sugar free cough drops and refrigerated sugar free Rip-It energy drink.  For browsing the aisles, a smaller (but by no means tiny) store like this is better since I waste far too much time in the larger stores.  Tons of parking here so enjoy until more people realize the strip mall this is located in is nicer than you'd figure it is from its location.
1	I have been to this store many times and now I have stopped.  For one the people are rude the cashiers don't smile noting it's like they have no life in them. And the Manger the older woman she is just plain nasty.  To me it feels she hates her job. So I will never go there again
5	Buy the household cleaners & supplies for $1. Store is clean & organized.  Same plaza as Big Lots, Ross, many more.
