5	We loved this hotel!  Got a great deal through hotels.com (originally paid 160 per night but then I saw it online for 129 and they gave us the credit).  We stayed here for 4 nights.  The first night we stayed in a 3rd floor room.  It was spacious and nice but had a huge ceiling window!  Since we wanted to sleep in a little later than the crack of dawn, we asked to change rooms the next morning.  They immediately set us up in a 2nd floor room, which was smaller (queen bed instead of King and the shower was half the size).  They were very accommodating and we didn't mind the smaller room/bed.   Also the location was perfect.  A couple blocks away from the metro (which is SUPER easy to ride) and 2 blocks over from Crescent (some great restaurants, a comedy club, and vibrant night life).  Also 2 blocks away from the Fine art museum which i rec seeing (its free) and a slightly longer walk (20 minutes?) to Mont Royal!  Highly rec for couples looking for a romantic, well priced, hotel in a centrally located area. ps the restaurant next door offers $20 dozen oysters and drink specials during their happy hour - and on your first night at the hotel (if its a weekday) your first drink is free if you are staying in the hotel!
5	My fiance took me to montreal last fall and when we arrived to our room at chez  swann he was so excited he got down on a knee and proposed. Chez swann really made out trip special for us with its strikingly gorgeous rooms and excellent location. we got to experience montreal in such a special way. I would highly recommend upgrading to the larger suites as they have a lot more room and a very cool duet shower that we loved! If you're looking for a unique one-of-a-kind boutique hotel, chez swann doesn't disappoint. We look forward to staying with them again this year when we go back!
5	We booked a room for a romantic night and were definitely not disappointed. The entire place feels very glamourous and sexy from its incognito facade to the reception area with its attractive staff to its stainless steel elevator, funky corridors and especially the rooms.We had one of the smaller rooms on the third floor but it was perfectly appointed. The decor was very modern and art deco with its black lacquered floors, beautiful black armoir, funky light fixtures, cut log bedside tables and deep red and lime accents. The bed was huge with very comfortable bedding. The bathroom was very large and felt more like one in a cool friend's apartment than a standard hotel-issue one.The highlight was, of course, the peek-a-boo shower. It was huge with 2 seperate rainfall showerheads and its own blue lighting for extra ambiance. All the elements for a very romantic getaway. For more practical purposes, the room had a large desk, flat screen tv, free calls to Canada/US, free wi-fi (password provided at reception), dual ipod dock, great hairdryer, water bottles from Liquid Nutrition and products from Bella Pella.Breakfast was included and served from 7-10 at Le Pois Penche adjoining restaurant. As we wanted to maximize our romantic escape, we didn't get up early to try it so I can't comment on it. I loved the hotel - it was gorgeous, clean, comfortable and very affordable.
5	What an amazing hotel and awesome staff! The deal that we got was beyond belief. The room was $99/night for two beds and and included many extras including free breakfast...Free Wi-fi...spa coupons (which we did not have a chance to use)The room was extremely modern and clean. Super comfy beds and great funky feel. The Shower and bathroom win general was awesome!My next visit to Montreal will include a stay here! The location could not have been better!Two minor negatives...The included breakfast...when we arrived there was little more that juice left...That was a bit of a let down...and the staff at the restaurant were not that helpful at all...and the temperature of the room...Too warm! I can assume that was due to the time of year. We were visiting in mid March and were were lucky enough to be in a serious heat-wave. Great for nights out in the city but too warn in our room no matter how low we tried to get the ACAh well...I loved the room and the staff were way above and beyondEven with the minor negatives there is no way I could less than a 5 for the price we paid v. what we receivedAWESOME!
4	Great place!  A few drawbacks:  breakfast is not included, and the third floor rooms have skylights that look awesome but make it IMPOSSIBLE to sleep once the sun comes up.  Bring a sleep mask.  Otherwise, the decor is awesome!  Definitely recommended.
5	I would normally wait to write a review until after we were gone, but wow.  I mean wow!  This place is awesome.  I love boutique hotels, and they've really done an awesome job with this one.  As I write this, I'm sitting in the antique-style, green-upholstered chair that sits atop the faux-grass rug in our room.  My feet are propped up on the tree-stump coffee table and I'm listening to my girlfriend shower in the super-modern, Jetsons-like shower (4 different water nozzles spraying at you!).  This truly is a great place.  My girlfriend booked it, so I'm not sure what price she got, but man is this swank!
5	I need only one word to describe this hotel...PERFECT!! :)Why perfect to me?-  Very chic and comfortable interior design-  Love the ceiling skylight window in my room-  Very spacious washroom/bathroom.  Two shower columns in one shower room!-  Clean and comfortable bedding-  Free Wi-Fi-  Very friendly and helpful hotel staff-  Quiet at night.  I noticed that some people complained about some noise at night.  I did not hear any noise at all.  Maybe I stayed on the 3rd floor! :)-  Free good quality toiletries, etc. etc.!!!-  Most importantly, it closes to everything and everywhere!
5	Just back from a wonderful stay in Montreal at the incomparable Chez Swann. Gorgeous hotel with a sexy boutique vibe. Comfortable bedding and an incredible shower made for the perfect crash space at the end of a day of exploring and wandering. The concierge, Herman, was an absolute gem who was always helpful and pleasant and genuine and who directed us to the best that this wonderful city has to offer. I have stayed in a number of hotels world wide but few measure up to the experience of Chez Swann. 5 stars!
5	My boyfriend and I stayed at Hotel Chez Swann in Montreal for four nights recently. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who doesn't want to stay at another generic cookie-cutter hotel.This hotel is in a great location -- there's an awesome chocolatier/gelato shop across the street.  It's three blocks from a movie theater, and a block from Rue Crescent (lots of bars and restaurants). It's two blocks south of a Metro station, too.The room: Super comfy beds and nice rainfall-style showers.  (Note: If you're not a couple, you might want to stay elsewhere, as the showers are rather peek-a-boo.) Also, free wi-fi is a plus.The staff is really friendly and nice (and bilingual).  One of the employees helped my boyfriend and I try to track down whether movies at the theater were in French or English. They're really nice and cool.
4	Stayed here for my wife's birthday weekend.  Romantic setting.  Chic and modern.  Front desk had great food recommendations.  Breakfast included was okay, but could have been better.  Vicinity to St Catherine's street, shops and restaurants is fantastic. Parking is outside in one of the private garages.
4	Just came back from a trip with my boyfriend. Overall, it's a beautiful little boutique hotel. Staff is friendly, rooms are nice and the beds are comfortable. 2 minor downsides: 1) we were in a room with no real window. It only looked to the lobby (we were on the 2nd floor). 2) breakfast is pretty minimal. It was included in our stay, which I'm glad about because I personally do not find it to be worth the $15 they charge per person. There's yogurt, peaches, coffee, 3 types of juice, 1 type of cereal, and croissants. We got it the first morning, but the second we ended up just going out (where we got 2 big breakfasts of crepes and omelettes + coffee  for $22). Lastly, fantastic location.
4	Had a nice stay here in early February.  Location was convenient to downtown shops and restaurants.  We enjoyed our room on our second night, but that was only after being moved; on our first night, the first room we were assigned to seemed a bit odd - there was a massive sheet/drape covering the bed and headboard when we arrived, which seemed suspicious.  In addition to that, the phone wasn't working and the toilet wasn't flushing properly.  So we asked for a new room, and were given one right away - however, the new room was significantly smaller than the first, and quite cramped.  It also had a bit of a sewage smell in the bathroom (perhaps Montreal water issues?).   In any case, the next morning, when we mentioned that, we were quickly upgraded to a bigger and better room.  I think the issue on the first night, was that the night staff on duty was new; had we taken up the initial issue with the day staff, I think we would have been upgraded on the first issue.  Regardless, the final room was clean, spacious, and airy feeling, so we were quite content.   The day staff made a point of reaching out to us and trying to make our stay satisfactory.One other issue - parking.  The only parking lot is down the street, and there is construction going on right next door to the hotel, which sometimes blocks off the street in front of the hotel.  So it can be tricky to pull the car up out front, and then the walk to the car feels long in cold weather.Nice hotel with a cool vibe.  Stay here if you're looking for something "sexy" but not necessarily for the amenities of a regular hotel.
1	Do NOT stay in room 207 or you'll hear bass from the music in the restaurant below. I asked the hotel if they could turn the bass down or off. Sometimes they obliged, other times it seems like the music kept going.Since the hotel is completely booked out they can't switch rooms, which makes the situation a little worse. The restaurant has the speakers mounted right into the ceiling, which is just beneath the floor. I'm not sure why they don't rip those out and just mount something a little smaller on the walls so the bass doesn't travel through the floor.If you stay in room 207, be prepared to hear the bass from whatever song is being in the restaurant. Super frustrating if you're trying to catch a quick afternoon nap or want to get to sleep before 1130p.Other then that mega flaw, the place looks great. It give it 4 stars if they could solve the sound problem, which is completely solvable.
5	5 stars for the location, decor, and the staff. All around a wonderful and hip hotel. Will definitely stay here again next time.
5	My wife and I stayed at the Chez Swann a for 5 nights last month and we had a fantastic time. As the others have stated, it's a hidden gem in the heart of Montreal. When I say hidden, I mean that it it's tucked behind/above a Parisian restaurant and the entrance isn't at first recognizable as that of a hotel. On the other hand, I think that its understated elegance is part of the appeal. The staff was friendly and helpful and the breakfast each morning was a welcomed surprise. If at all possible, I will stay here the next time I return to Montreal.
1	I am a local from Montreal and booked my in laws a room.  When we arrived and we also commented on the booking we told them that they need a handicap room. They wanted to charge us extra because the room was bigger. I have never bearer witness to such discrimination before.  There were a series of other things that happened to my mother in law because she was handicapped. Therefore every time i pass by the place I am absolutely disgusted. I am still in shock how the receptionist and even the manager could treat her so unkindly!!!
