1	Such poor customer service demonstrated by their Manager Alyssa (not sure the spelling). Visited the location and only 1 teller working at 12 in the afternoon. When confronted by another customer she was rude and unapologetic . I confronted her and she was rude and she became upset saying what do you want me to do. I stated maybe not stand around with 2 other employees at the entrance and not even making conversation with people in line. Maybe some people could be helped thru the atm. She told the teller to help me and get me out of her banking center, now she takes ownership, she then proceded to the back like a coward. What a joke!
1	Is this the bank from hell or what? It should be called Bank of Hellmerica.  We walked into this bank and it was fairly empty we were told to have a seat to replace a debit card but this turned into a nightmare for my girlfriend. We waited at least an hour for a replacement card as we watch a customer walk out crying for what we only guess maybe they were declined a mortgage or something but the young lady was in tears. Then the service agent that was suppose to help us was having a merry good time talking and laughing with someone he was helping instead for realizing there was someone waiting he continued on at this point my girlfriend head was going to explode. So finally the representative finish and it appeared that they were done but he went outside with her to carry on another conversation for another 5 minutes. At this point her head was growing at an enormous rate so she asked him if they were done and could he help her but his reply was that he had someone else to handle and it would be at least another 10 minutes.  Overall the customer service is horrible and it odd because this particular bank charges a fee to deal with anyone that's human so you would think they would be more accustom to handling those people that are charged a fee to keep them working a little better. I told my girlfriend maybe it's time to switch her bank to one that respects a person who keep there money with them. Avoid this bank like the plague unless you have some free time to sit on their horrible red crushed velvet chairs.
1	This one is by far the worst one here in Vegas compared to the one off of warm springs rd by the 215 no one is here to take your name when you come in so far I waited 45 minutes everyone else has waited longer according to them
5	I had a very pleasant experience at this BOA location! Jon Henry helped my sister and I! He really made everything easy and explained everything to us! I would go to this location again just because of him
4	This is my favorite boa location. Staff is helpful and friendly. It can get busy tho especially with all the retailers banking here. I don't mind it because after your done there is so many food places around that area!
5	Thanks don Jon for all your help I'll keep sending more referrals this is the best banking center ever everyone should keep banking and start banking with bofa
1	Bank of America - HANDS DOWN - is the worst financial banking institute period.  I used to, literally, be their biggest advocate.  I can not wait to shut my accounts down there as soon as reasonably possible and spew my hatred for then to everyone I know and everyone I meet.  For the past couple of years I have witnessed them go back on their promised (in their industry that's actually a crime and called FRAUD), steal and provide some of THE WORST "customer service" known to mankind. I'm sitting in their parking lot today as a witness that THIS is the new Bank Of America and my sitting around waiting for them to recover has been a complete wasted effort.  It is a WORLD PHENOMENON if you can actually find a location that has humans inside that you can interact with.... When you do stumble upon this phenomenon understand that it will be an experience that you will regret and wish to have back.  I loathe these trolls and am open to any and every recommendation out there of a bank that has and backs the culture, values and promises it makes... Aka: isn't blatantly robbing / lying to the local community it serves. Fck BOA!
4	This bank always has slow lines and broken machines, easy to get to ok customer service but could be better, I'm sure it's still better than most
