3	What do you look for in a convenience store? If you said an internet connection, a hot shower, and a cheesy gordita crunch, man, are you in luck. Love's features all of the above plus relatively clean bathrooms, reasonable enough gas prices for Gila Bend, and huge selections of sunflower seeds and fountain soft drinks. Plus if you get stuck waiting in line, people watching here is quite a treat-- you're at a truck stop in Gila Bend after all.
4	Lots of snacks and equipment for road trips; for truckers, RV'ers and road warriors. Open late, great place to stop in Gila Bend.
5	I stopped to get some gas, a drink, and something to eat on the way to Phoenix from San Diego.  I could not find my car charger, but found my wall charger, and they were nice enough to let me charge my phone while I had a quick bite to eat.  I told them I could not find my car charger and only had my wall charger and was down to one bar on my cell phone, and they were very nice and let me charge my phone.   Not only that, they were very nice and didn't say, "Oh, another Californian," or anything; they just smiled and thanked me for stopping (even though there's about 35 miles where there's no service so it's not like I had much choice).
3	It has a Taco Bell inside!!!
4	Bathrooms are made for high traffic so they are pretty well maintained, other than that who really cares your taking a bathroom break here on your way to somewhere unless you live near here which if so, I'm sorry.  You can also buy a 20" off brand TV mad cheap so if your in the market which is weird for the target demo of Love's get on it.
5	Cleanest truck stop bathroom I've ever been to! I love the cleanliness but I also really like how the staff is always friendly! This is the only place we will ever stop in Gila Bend, I've had way too many bad experiences elsewhere. Great snack selection as well!
4	Pit stop in the way to rocky point!One gas pump was out of order & the outside cement is full of pot holes.Inside the bathrooms are fairly clean & the shop has tons of snacks.  Employees seem decent enough.
5	Exceptionally clean bathrooms. They actually smell clean too. Glad I stopped here. And very friendly staff. I can't express how much I appreciate a clean bathroom. After being on the road for hours and hours, it's just such an amazing respite. Way too many places smell like piss, not this one.
