3	My boyfriend took me to Cute Nail for a mani/pedi as a nice surprise. We'd seen it many times on our ventures to New Zealand next door, YUM, and he remembered it so he could take me there later. Well, it's a nice place inside, but I think I'm just spoiled from my past location in Ohio. I walked in and we were immediately greeted. They walked me right back to a pedi station and sat me down at one of their chairs. First, the water was scorching hot as I stuck my piggies in and, I love hot water... but this was even too hot for me. Crazy! So he turned it down and I restuck my tender tootsies into this newly cooled water. Ahhh perfect. I leaned back in my chair for my massage, but the chair just didn't seem to be hitting my sore muscles, and the rollers were pretty sharp as they butted out of the back of the chair and down my spine. OUCH. Well, a guy started my toes and he left for his break, and a girl took over and finished the work. She did a great job, but most places I go to actually massage your feet a little bit and your legs, and they didn't do that here. It was basically bare bones, sit down and... you're done. Next I walked over to the mani station and she squared off my finger nails like a pro. They looked great and the color was vibrant and summery. (Gotta get that in before the fall.) While I was sitting there getting my nails done, her phone rang and she answered it. So, she's doing my nails, talking on the phone laughing away, and I'm just sitting there watching tv as she filed away. No biggie, just thought it was a bit awkward and weird. Well I got my nails done on Saturday, and it's now Tuesday. They look like crap already. The paint has chipped off on my fingers and they actually started chipping off that night. Bummer. It was only $30 for a mani/pedi combo, but now I can understand why. I don't know if it's the paint I chose, or that they didn't do a top coat, but whatever it is I'm pretty bummed about it. Basically, if you need a quick job for an event, then this is your place. If you're hoping for lasting results and to be pampered... it's not..
4	I am at the dance studio next door at least twice a week.  I decided I really needed my nails done so why not try the salon next door.  It was a bit odd at first.  I thought, what is that loud music and noise coming from next door.  Then I realized it was the dance studio.  The sounds probably create a constant ambiance for the salon.  In any case, I got the $30 mani-pedi, which is exactly what I needed.  After reading the previous review, I was very cautious.  The service was great (not expert), but definitely satisfactory.  The staff cackled quite a bit in their native language, but they often included me in the conversation (in English, of course) especially when commenting about what we were seeing on the television.  My polish was something new they had in the store (on the front counter) and it has not chipped, and I am pretty hard on my nails.  My suggestion is to bring your own polish because salons have been known to add alcohol or perhaps water to the polish when it becomes old and they can't get it out of the bottle.  That is probably what happened to the first reviewer.  I am hoping for continued great service since I will be sitting around during the week, waiting for my daughter to finish dancing.
2	I went to Cute Nails over the weekend. It was my third nail salon that I have frequented in the Charlotte area. This place paled in comparison to the other two. It was a decent environment inside. The pedicure I got was only $25 which is a good price. As someone else mentioned, the water was very hot. The chairs are old and not very effective at massaging. My chair cut off after about five minutes and would not go back on. I am also used to a foot massage/leg massage as part of my typical pedicure experience. She did not do this, but she did punch my feet a few times each. That was a little out of what I am used to. She did scrape off my dead skin, but she did it very lightly and left more skin on than I prefer. I am missing some nail polish on the corners of my nails. They are also cut kind of crooked. My eyebrow waxing experience wasn't so great either. She did not shut the door and had kind of unpleasant bedside manner. My left eyebrow had a little hole from where she plucked too many hairs out. I don't imagine being back. People who worked there were nice though.
5	I have been going to this nail salon for years now probably since i was 18 and im in my late 20's now even when i moved further away for a couple years i still made the drive to get my nails done and eyebrows waxed here. They are very nice and welcoming. Tony is my favorite even though there all nice him and his wife are awesome and always remember me and things that are going on in my life and take interest. Its very relaxing and enjoyable experience everytime.
