5	Excellant food.  The hot sauce is really hot.  The fresh chips are thin anc crispy, not overly salted.   Wonderful mole.  The best shrimp tacos that I have ever had.....only surpassed by the blackened fish tacos.   Of the 20 people that we shared the meal with, all were very happy.  Very fast service and affordable.  The dining rooms is sparse and still has the same tables/chairs that the Hardees/Popeyes and other previous owners have used.  Though not comfortable, the food makes up for the lack of decoration.
2	High hopes not fulfilledThe recent re-opening of Taqueria Guadalajara had me in a taco state of mind, so the wife and I made the trip to the east side of Madison to El Poblano.  We knew the owner from her days at Tex Tubbs and were looking forward to her take on Mexican cuisine.  The restaurant is in the parking lot of Woodman's East and hasn't changed a lot from its days as a Hardee's / Popeye's Chicken, other than a mural painted on the wall.  Some of the tables had embroidered table cloths under plastic, which was a nice touch, but many of the tables needed to be wiped down.  And the bullet hole in the window of our booth was a touch I could probably do without.Once we were seated, we received a basket of chips with red salsa.  The chips were so-so; they didn't appear to be made fresh.  The red salsa was quite delicious, but the salsa verde (which you need to ask for) was the real star and we enjoyed our chips and salsa as we perused the menu.I ordered three tacos:The fried tilapia was by far my favorite.  The interior was flaky and moist and the exterior was well seasoned.  I would have preferred a little crunch, but still a very solid offering.  The garnishes of spicy mayo, slaw and pickled red onion provided nice contrast of flavor and texture.  I would like to come back to try the blackened tilapia and the shrimp versions of their Taco Del Mar.The el pastor taco was very dry, I needed to spoon on several spoonfuls of the salsa verde to overcome the dry, chewy texture.  The dish needed a sauce or a little pineapple to provide some moisture.  I'd take the el pastor as Los Gemelos over this dish any day.The asada taco suffered from the same problem as the pork.  It was dry and chewy and needed several spoonfuls of the red salsa. It was my least favorite of the three tacos.My wife ordered the chicken enchiladas.  The chicken was so dry that I could not cut off a section with my fork.  When she removed the chicken from the tortilla wrapper, the chicken stayed in cigar shaped tubes.  I was tempted to put one of the chicken tubes in my pocket as eat it like jerky, but decided that I didn't want to risk chipping a tooth.At the end of the meal, my wife reminded me of her simple rule for evaluating restaurants: if the restaurant is almost empty at dinner time, there is a reason for that.  We really should have heeded that advice.  While I will return to try the other seafood tacos, she will not be accompanying me.
4	Never go to Woodman's East hungry. First have a blackened fish taco from El Poblano, located right in their parking lot. The fish is well seasoned and moist. The toppings include fresh avocado so the taco is creamy and delicious. The restaurant is co-located with bakery Pan y Pan. Their food is fabulous and very reasonably priced. Whatever you spend you will save when shopping!You can eat or take out. My routine includes eating in the car while I finish making my list. i always need extra napkins.
5	Thank you to the taco gods!  I have lived here for 3 years and have not been able to find a simple, delicious taco.  Your eye does not immediately go to this building.  It shares a parking lot with Woodman's.  Take a chance and go there.  Wow.  I got three steak tacos with lettuce, cheese and cilantro.  Simply delicious.  They have daily lunch specials, tamales on the weekend and a bakery.  When you walk in the smell of the breads and pastries are intoxicating.  I can not believe that I have been driving past this place for so long.  The steak was not fatty and the toppings were generous.  I appreciated the double layer of the corn tortillas, it is the only way to go.  The pastries are good.  I am from Chicago and I have been homesick for a taco.  I sighed when I ate this taco.  It was amazing.
5	Very reasonably priced and great service. I had three tacos, they were delicious. My girlfriend got a chicken quesadilla which was amazing. Definitely will be going back.
5	Wow.  Second time there and they are so impressive.  Order a tostada, they make their own.  Fresh, hot, fried, delicious.I had a steak quesadilla that was stuffed with peppers and steak.  I dined in this time and the restaurant was generous with their chips and salsa.  The serving was huge and I had to take some of the quesadilla home.  Authentic Mexican rice.  It was light and fluffy without being too salty.  It was divine.
5	I'm just going to come right out and say it----- Best authentic Mexican food in Madison. I've tried so many taco joints in this town and finally I have a winner! Real Mexican cheeses! Homemade torta buns! Fresh fried homemade tostadas, $2 steak tacos. Winner, Winner, chicken dinner!My favorite part about coming here is the fact that when I finish my free chips and salsa, they ask me if I would like some more. They even give me a choice of traditional homemade red salsa or salsa Verde. Love it! Mexican coke or any other traditional Mexican treat, your choice! They are all available.From the time I put in my order to having a plate in front of me, I think they average around 5 minutes. Super quick service!They are connected to Pan & Pan Mexican bakery, and when your finished eating I would suggest grabbing a sweet roll or donut for dessert. Yum! The servers are awesome! Very catering and caring. "Just ask and you shall receive" must be their motto. Great! Excellently priced.
5	Awesome! The food here is super good! I had the chicken quesadilla and my wife had the chicken burrito. We split the guac... Everything was great! I would eat here again in a heart beat!
5	I've ate here many times and it's never disappointed. I just tried the tostadas today with chorizo and found my new favorite item on the menu. Definitely one of the best meals I have had in some time.
4	A little more Mex and a little less Tex than other places I've eaten in Madison. Great value. Great people running the place. Friendly. Grow at least some of their own tomatoes out back. Real family place. Great for kids. Great Mexican Bakery on the premises.
4	Nice people. Nice bakery section. Good food. Ordered tacos pastor. Good portion for the price. On the sweet side tho - I like mine with more of a spicier bite. Garnished with cilantro and onions. Ordered Huaraches with asada. Masa is tasty - good balance of that savory and sweet. I wished it was pan fried a bit to give it that crispy surface with a chewy center. Plus it would bring out some nice color too. Asada is seasoned well - more on the peppery side than others. Shoulda checked if they got elotes. Damn.
2	A Mexican restaurant that doubles as a bakery. I walked in and was completely clueless of where I was, there was no food menu or anything in sight just a cashier with freshly baked breads and pastries. Basically, we had to ask for a menu. Order consisted of 1 steak taco, steak burrito, and a horchata. Food Taco - I specifically requested no cilantro and no onions on my steak taco, in other words plain; the taco came out with cilantro. They corrected my order and brought a plain steak taco out. Steak tacos were alright, steak was a bit dry little to no fatty pieces, very little flavor. Burrito - Burrito, I requested no pico de gallo in my burrito and it came with pico, I didn't bother to have them correct my order because I was too hungry. Burrito was filled with beans, very little steak. Although I do have to give it to them, the burrito was a good size. Horchata - Horchata was good, just overloaded with ice. So if you order a Horchata tell them to be easy on the ice. Pricing Great price for the portions of the food, Horchata was a bit on the expensive side $4 for a large horchata filled with ice. Service We were checked up on regularly, server did offer us drinks, staff was very friendly. Decor - Nothing special on the decor, plenty of seating, reminded me of a Popeye's restaurant. Parking - Easy accessible parking, full parking lot. OverallFood was mediocre, I think they can do way better with the quality of their food. The portions were great, but other then that nothing too special.
4	I am from Los Angeles, and this place is the closest to quality of LA. Mexican food I've found.
5	Great authentic Mexican food.  I have had the chimichanga with squash several times there and it's excellent every time.   The food tastes fresh and great.The staff is super friendly and willing to help and make suggestions.  Made to order, but the wait isn't bad.
5	Delicious, authentic no-frills Mexican food in a commercial strip, right next to the east side Woodman's.  We went in on a Sunday and the place was pretty empty, but the welcome from the family staffing the bakery/restaurant was warm and friendly.  There are menus and there's table service.  We had carnitas (a weekend special) and the blackened fish and shrimp tacos (they'll give you one of each if you ask).  Both were great  and the two salsas offered alongside were fresh, complex and tasty.  And you can't beat the price!  My favorite Mexican in Madison; we'll definitely be back.
4	The most amazing food in what looks like a bakery in an old Burger King.  The enchiladas were great, homemade chips to start with the freshest guacamole in town.  Try the flan if you have room at the end, it is worth much more than the $3 price tag.  We fed a family of 4 for under 50$.
5	Homemade tortilla chips and perfect fish tacos. Excellent sauces.  Menu is not extensive but that's just fine. All are well executed items that will definitely keep us coming back. Casual, laid back ambiance with friendly staff. Don't forget to check out the bakery at the front of the place - amazing pastries and cookies.
5	Absolutely delicious, my new go place to when I'm in town. I tried four tacos and they were all really good. I didn't expect the zucchini taco to be my favorite, but it was so good and I'm happy I tried it. The blackened tilapia was seasoned well and my second favorite. The fried tilapia and shrimp were both good.
