5	This establishment opened on 11/25/13. The exterior and interior of the building has been completely remodeled and does not remind you of its 2 previous predecessors.  Look like there will be outdoor seating come spring time if not sooner depending on weather.The food and service was A+!!  Lots of TVs present to keep you entertained w/ sporting events while you enjoy your wings and beer.This establishment is off to a good start.  Keep up the good work this place should be around for the long term!
3	Been waiting for months for this to open. Lots of wasted space. Guy bartenders are a stick in the mud on Sunday football. No personality st all And  no buzz time trivia? Big Guys next door has better wings. All in all just another bar
2	I'm basing my review of my visit.  I've been a big fan of the wings at Native from their Chandler location and Bell Rd. off the 17.  I was so excited to see they were opening one up right down the street from me.  When I called my order in, i could tell the girl on the other end was new.  So I made sure to say everything slowly and precise.  She then told me she was writing the order down and will put it in the computer after the manager was done with something. I walked in and they couldn't find my order right away.  They found it written on a tablet next to the register.  Luckily it was only a few minutes and my wings were ready to go.Once I got home I opened them all excited to eat my favorite juiciest greasiest yummy Asiago Parmesan wings.  Sadly though... it looked as if they just grabbed some wings that just got done and dusted the Parmesan on them.  I actually had to use the ranch dressing..(something I never do with those wings).  I'm used to the wings being super dripping with (i know it sounds gross) grease and oil from the asiago and the Parmesan is all clumped up and coated all over.  They weren't like this at all.. I had plain wings with a little Parmesan on them. :(
5	I just stopped in to check out The Native since it's so close to my house. (conveniently located at the southwest corner of Tatum & Bell next to Wangs & Rubios).  This place is very modern looking and much trendier than a Native New Yorker,  loaded with plenty of HD TV's so you won't have to worry about getting a seat with a nice view of the game. They have 12 beers on tap a decent selection of liquor and even a small selection of wine for the ladies. The food is good, I recommend the traditional wings since you can get them grilled or fried. The boneless are okay but I prefer them with a dry rub seasoning,  I just wish they had more than three (dry rub) flavors. The burgers are good but not the best thing in the menu so try a yummy pizza or something else that looks appetizing... you really can't go wrong! The #1 reason I will be back though is the service, Alexa is phenomenal and will soon be running this place if she sticks with it a couple years. She's just a bar-back right now but she clearly pulls all of the weight fur the crew, she chats with everyone and never screws up an order, you can tell she really cares that you're having a great experience. If the management reads this review you better give this girl a raise because you can't afford to lose her!
5	Thought I'd never give a chain 5-stars but here it is! The server is probably what made all the difference. He was extremely knowledgeable about the craft beer selection and menu. He was always excited and made sure we had everything we needed (even too much ranch, dare I say it). We went on a Tuesday for cheap wing night and they sure don't skimp. The wings were nice and meaty and I loved being able to try all the flavors I wanted without over ordering. My group also split a pizza which came out surprisingly tasty for the cheap price. They could use a little more decorations but I will overlook that since they just opened!
2	I live around the corner from this restaurant, and was excited for its opening. My wife and I recently tried it, and were very disappointed. The service was terrible, our server wasn't friendly and kept us waiting to order when he only had 2  other tables.  Since it was very slow that day, all the servers were just standing around staring at the patrons. We ordered wings and they were terrible. I heard the wings were very good at Native, so we were not happy after trying them. We won't be coming back here. I give this location about 6 months before it closes, just like the prevoius restaurants before them.
4	Watched ASU get pummeled by Stanford here on our first visit. Impressive t.v. layout! Every direction you look there is a good viewing angle. Enjoyed great friendly service on a very busy night. Course, we had some wings and they definitely know what they are doing. Salt and pepper version reminded of us KFC chicken...Glad there is a great sports bar close!
3	Noticed this Native opened about month ago and tried it out late afternoon.  Was not busy when we entered yet for some reason, the music was set at college club loud level.  It was turned down after we asked yet not sure why this was noticed before. The food was typical chain restaurant fair with just some differences noticed throughout the menu. Nothing memorable.We shared a few apps , a salad and with one bottle of beer, the bill with tip was about $40. Not expensive yet not a deal.Not sure if I would go back and this place is in a location that has had consistent turnover over the years, so good luck.
2	I have been waiting for Native New Yorker to open at this location for a while.  I had never been there and i heard that their wings were famous.  The waitress was very friendly and efficient.  The food took a bit long to come to the table but the wings were worth waiting for.  The two other people that I were with ordered a meatball sandwich.  The meatballs were ice cold.  So we told the waitress and she said they would make a new sandwich.  They said it would take about seven minutes.  They were way off.  It took about twenty minutes!!  The new sandwiches still had cold meatballs!!  I think it should have been right the first time it was fixed, but twice!!!?  So we told them just to heat up this one and not make a new one knowing that would probably bee another twenty minutes.  They put it in the microwave and the meatballs were finally hot!!  The manager came over and apologized and took it off the bill.  Overall I was not impressed and would not go back.
3	Do not be confused by the name.  This is a Native New Yorker restaurant/sports bar.  It's a brand new set up, and must be part of their attempt to rebrand and upgrade their look..  TV's all over the place.  Wings, pizza, burgers.  What Native is famous for.  Great place to watch the games.  Had a burger and fries.  Good.  Only complaint:  the ventilation system wasn't on all the time and seemed to come on full blast with AC.  So you'd freeze for a while and then it would go off.  This is the winter (right now).  So I can imagine it will be a great cool place in the AZ summer.  But ladies, bring a hoodie for when the AC comes on!
2	I'm going to preface by saying that the staff is really awesome.  Hostess was sweet, our server Courtney was wonderful and a manager came out and checked on us.But the food is so gross.  Not gross like in a McDonald's sort of way, but just bland, blah, whatever.  We went for a happy hour and they offer "$2 off" type of things, not set prices like $5 for this, this and this, etc.  Know what I mean?  Just wasn't my thing and I won't go back to spend money on food.
4	Clean, quiet, very nice staff, good burger and fries. Middle of the day, so I didn't check out the beer selection, however I did see several taps. Lots of TV's! Not a bad spot in the bar. Not a very big place, compared to competitors, but decent.
2	Overall disappointing.  Went about a month ago. One step above Peter Piper.  Atmosphere was boring.  Food for all 4 was marginal and over-priced.  Lettuce was brown and limp.  Asian chicken salad was over wrought with fruit and only 2 very small slivers of chicken.  Chicken pot pie had no chicken and was cold on the inside. BBQ sliders were super salty and room temp.  We were there about 7:00 pm on a Wednesday night.  Not busy.  Even though in my neighborhood, definitely won't go back.
5	Saw this location turn a couple different restaurants. Great to see this place packed on a Friday night. Suns and Coyotes games on   TVs everywhere you walk. I was very impressed with all the tvs. Not a bad seat in the house if you like sports. Wings were great. Service was exceptional.  Treated us like we were the only ones here on a busy night.  Very happy.  No complaints.  Will definitely be back!
4	Yeah, so this was pretty good. I was somewhat skeptical after reading the negative reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised. We came in on a Sunday night and it was very quiet. Really surprised at how slow it was. My husband and I got the 3 for $20 deal, and got the chicken flatbread for an appetizer and it was just swimming in cheese. A little too much for me tasted good. I got the Asian Chicken Salad and it was great! The lettuce was fresh, and plentiful. Hubby got a burger and was happy with it. My F-I-L got the reuben and seemed to like it. Bro-In-Law got a pizza off the 3 for $10 menu and it looked a little piddly to me. We then got the cookie and ice cream dessert and it was just like a pizzookie - soooo good!! Overall a pretty good deal especially if you do the 3 for $20 deal (1 appetizer and 2 entrees).
2	Visited shortly after they opened after weeks of driving pass the coming soon sign. Really had high hopes for them since they are located near my home. Before going we joked that this location is probably cursed since it seems to be a different restaurant every few months.  Needless to say I was not impressed. My husband ordered wings which were ok but not enough to save the meal. I ordered a salad and asked for chicken to be added to salad. Food came out fast but the chicken was left off the salad. When we were finally able to flag down our waitress who dropped our food and never looked back we asked for the additional charge to be taken off our bill. We were told the kitchen just forgot to add the chicken and she would bring it out. She did return with chicken that was so undercooked it was still pink in the middle. We had to ask another waiter for the manager who did come and apologize and didn't charge us for adding the chicken to the salad but that was it. We never received refills on our drinks and our waitress was MIA for duration of our meal. Hopefully now that they have been open for awhile they have been able to work out some of their issues but we will just wait for the Buffalo Wild Wings to open.
5	We have been to this place once more since I started this review. The first time we went there because I received a birthday coupon ($9 dll or so) Our server Jnevi (sorry if I didn't spell it right... I lost my receipt) took really good care of us. Second time we were there our server Carlee was also very nice. They really seem to go the extra mile, I hope is always like that.I like the parmesan regular wings, and hubby like the Asian boneless (not wings if you ask me : P)We also had the super spicy ones, once the strippers and the second time the boneless.I also like their ranch. Both times we sat at the dining area.
4	This location opened a short time ago and we've been twice now.  The first trip was right after they opened up and the second visit was over the past weekend.  They have a varied menu, with wings obviously being at the forefront. The menu offers 3 versions to choose from - tenders, regular, and boneless.  I recommend doing the traditional wings on your first visit, and here is why - the traditional wings can be ordered in any quantity with any flavoring! So if you want 5 parmesan and 3 salt and vinegar and 3 sweet bbq, you can do that with this option.  The other wings have minimum order quantities to vary the flavoring.So far I'd say the Parmesan option is our favorite flavor, but the Honey BBQ is a great choice also.  The Salt & Vinegar was too coated in the dry run, and was actually way too salty for us.  We've also tried the Asian Garlic (good) and Pineapple Teriyaki (okay).There are a lot more menu options we want to give a go around on subsequent visits; may even try the Native Triple for $20 so we can try out various things.  Overall: B+Definitely some wing flavor options that are better than others, but there are a lot of options that should please any wing fan!  Servers have always been nice, pricing isn't bad and place is always clean and inviting.
4	Native New Yorker is now open close to my home and I am excited. We stopped in to use my birthday reward and I realized that this was the first time my husband had ever visited Native with me. I usually go to the Tempe location close to my job and that place is always packed after work. This new location on Bell Rd & Tatum is very large and  roomy you can sit on the dining side or the bar side or outside on the patio. There are all sorts of seating options include single tables to large group booths.They have a lot of flat screen TVs through out the place so you will never miss the game or whatever event you are looking for. This location does happy hour all day every day and wing specials on Tues., Wed, and Thurs. I had the California Burger which I enjoyed. My Husband had the Buffalo Chicken pizza and he loved it. I saw a sign up advising that they offer free team trivia Saturday nights starting at 9pm. Service was excellent and this location is nice and clean; we will be frequent customers since we now have a Native in the area.
5	I got 3 simple words for you people......BUFFALO CHICKEN PIZZA......simply the best I have ever had. Seems all the Navtive New Yorker establishments are now being called Navtive grill and wings. I had heard this place was famous for it's wings and pizza but I had never visited any Native until a few days ago. The menu is loaded....plenty to choose from......something for everyone. However as I mentioned in the beginning the BUFFALO CHICKEN PIZZA  is not to be missed people. This particular location is very large.....clean.....and has TV's EVERYWHERE.....not just near the Bar. It's not a Buffalo Wild Wings.....but in some ways I think it is actually better. Why I don't drink it has an awesome BAR scene and plenty of outdoor seating. It is in a unusual location.....with a Wal-Mart......sprinkler store......Wendy's.....Subway....bike shop.....Starbucks and consignment store all in the same little "strip"mall area. There is a huge Apartment complex right across the street and I think because of that this Native will really thrive not to mention it is near the intersection of Tatum and Bell here in the Valley of Phoenix Arizona. So if your looking for some very good food.....drink....and active atmosphere.....give Native Grill and Wings a shot. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
4	Now just called "Native", not sure why they changed it to that,  kind weird.  The shrimp pizza is the best!  Their wings are very good too, so enjoy a nice cold beer,  watch the game and have some good pizza.  The staff here are friendly and attentive.  Always friendly.  Desserts are Ok,  nothing to rave about.  Stick with the pizza wings and beer!
4	This is a newer spot in the area and seems to be picking up in popularity as it finds its niche.  The first time we went, there seemed to be a few hang ups, but we went during the opening week, so that's to be expected.  A few more times visiting this place and they seem to have things in full gear now. They have a variety of flavors, and if you get the traditional wings, you can choose any amount of wings you want in any flavor you want them in - so I recommend doing this the first go round so you can find the flavors you enjoy without ordering a ton and not liking it.We ordered four or five flavors the first time around and were able to narrow down to a couple we really enjoyed and we order those now - garlic parm and the salt & vinegar.  The BBQ wings are decent, but not a favorite of mine. They have weekly specials, so be sure to check those out if you want an even better deal on the food.
2	I really wished when this place opened that it would be great! I mean, everyone likes wings and they have other restaurants in the valley! The addition of the main bar and grill in the area going out of business......aka big guys......had to help the opening! Unfortunately , the wings aren't that good.  We've been there 10 times.......giving it the , more than enough times to shine through, and it is a big miss! The pizza is the best thing we have had!  Sooo. many sauces and rubs and they all are kind of a miss!    Tried the strips, boneless and traditional wings and.......sorry, not impressed!   There is one thing I like there!    It's the tv's......great for a game!    Eat before you go or just get drunk there!   Step up your game please!  I want my neighborhood bar back! Lost it with big guys!  DO Something!
4	There are two locations with a little bit different names on Yelp, but they are the same place, so I'll review them both! Been here a few times and haven't had a bad experience to date.  Tuesday - $0.59 traditional wing nightWednesday - boneless wing special night (1/2 pound = $5.49, 1 pound = $8.49)Thursday - stripper wing / tender special night (1/2 pound = $4.99, 1 pound = $6.99)The most recent visit we made was on Thursday and we gave the stripper tenders a go. You can half and half any order of the strippers - meaning you can get half one flavor, half another for any order.  We did the full pound with half hone BBQ and half Parmesan Asiago.  Then we ordered a smaller half pound with the Spicy BBQ Ranch dry rub (the Mrs. doesn't like spicy, so this was just a side order for me).All of them were tasty and we had tots on the side.  I would definitely argue that we ordered too much this time, but it was worth trying it all out and we were able to box up and take home the leftovers.  Servers are always welcoming here and quick to get the food out.  You can sit in the regular dining area, the lounge / bar area with high-top tables, or the outside patio seating.  All are good options depending on what you are looking for in the experience.  Inside dining has TVs from almost every vantage point, so if there is a game on you want to see, you can most likely do it here.  The lounge / bar area is similar except it has more of the adult, game watching, no-kid crowd.  The outside patio doesn't really have good TV viewing, so you'll find more people here that are just looking to relax and enjoy the food and drinks.You can't go wrong with this place even if you aren't a wing fan.  They even offer up spaghetti & meatballs or chicken pot pie for those who want a more substantial meal deal.  Give 'em a go and let me know what YOU think!
4	Did take out for a pepperoni pizza last week.Wasn't the best pizza I have ever had but I wasn't disappointed. Will likely try a sandwich or wings next time.
4	Well, this is now our favorite place for wings.My favorites are asiago parmesan, and hubby's were suicide (they are not even that hot, though..) and asian garlic (this are sweet).But now we have new favorites, the chile ancho lemon and lemon pepper. They are both dry rubs and we tried them today.This time service was good, but not awesome.
4	This place has been open about 4 months been back about 3 times with the family and   My husband got take out once the food is great your all American food great burgers and chicken strips are awesome the wings are   Amazing   The decor is so blah it's has lots of TVs but who was the design of the place not so good very very plain. But the food is great and that the important part . Can't wait to go back
2	I love the wings but the service is atrocious, I come here every week and every time I'm shocked by the lack of management and disregard for basic customer service. If you come here DO NOT I repeat, DO NOT make plans for after. You will be here for a while.
1	The best thing about this place is that when they  piss you off, B-Dubs and Wolfley's are both less than 5 miles away.  A lot of people talked about the experience on 4/22 (45 minutes+ for dinner to be served). However, we were offered $30 towards our next visit.  Please read our follow up email that we sent to the manager.We came here tonight to take you up on your offer. My girlfriend ordered 3 different drinks that were out of stock.  Our waiter forgot about our appetizer.  I know this because when he delivered our wings and I asked about it, he had a panicked look on his face and said "Let me check on that" and then had someone else bring it over 15 minutes later.  Finally, my girlfriend's lemon pepper wings were DRENCHED in salt (she uses more salt than anyone I've ever met so for her to say something's too salty really is troublesome). My girlfriend asked to see the manager to tell him of our experience this time. He said, "It is at least better than last week."  Well, since I actually got SOME of my food, than technically I guess he's right. However, this email is to tell you that you can keep the $30, we are officially done. As the old saying goes, "Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice, shame on me."
2	This was my first time here. I ordered an appetizer first,  which was the blanco queso dip with shredded pork and chips.  This dish was very good. Truly recommend this dish. I ordered the wings because that is what thier name is. I ordered black pepper wings and the honey bbq. I wasn't impressed with the wings. They seemed too dehydrated. Not much meat on them. Liked the dip way better than the wings. Had a raspberry lemonade.  Love those always. Only giving it 2 stars cause I loved the dip.
3	Finally something in this location that seems to make sense.There are lots of screens in the bar and patio access as well.I like dry rub wings and it seems like they just keep adding flavors.Service is a bit on the iffy side.
1	The Tatum and Bell location is run by a rude arrogant GM that has no respect for his employees or the fact that they have bills. They dump thousand of dollars of food everyday in the garbage or the managers eat it in front of employees that make 7.90$ an hour. The GM dictates who can pay their rent or not or who gets kicked out on the street because there full time job was just eliminated because the GM is a dirt bag and has NO marketing or advertising experience. On the opening weekend this guy held all the food in the kitchen because he wanted every dish to go out at the same time..once the food arrived at the tables it was nasty cold. People were leaving. The GM talks behind the employees back than two facing them the next day. The wings are not wings they are drummets saturated with breading. The GM one day insulted the new line cooks in front of Corporate employees visiting the restaurant, humiliating them. When asked if he can run the line he will boast about how he washed dishes before he became a manager. There is NOTHING NY about native NY. New York food does not taste like that people or is frozen including the bread. Don't eat there don't work there. They will work you for 7.90$ an hour and use every sorry ass excuse to say your not worth anymore. If you're in the community of Tatum and Bell do not let your children or family work there and tell your neighbors to stay away.
3	Not bad but not great. Had the hot wings, suicide, and ancho chili lime strips. Can get much better wings at numerous other locations. The sauces used were nothing short of a disappointment as suicide is hardly spicy, pretty much the medium for most other locations and I love my spicy wings. Not sure if it was just a new cook or bad batch or what, but not ordering wings if I happen to be a return customer.The Native Strippers were well cooked and juicy but the dry rub was also nothing special. Good drink specials and our server was nice and decent in checking up on us. Location, overall look and feel of the restaurant is the only reason why I'm giving a 3rd star rating.
3	good for wings but I had one skinnyrita as the waitress said it was their one of favorites but i didn't like it that much.But it is ok and the location is nearer to me so i would love to go again for wings..:)
1	If you are gluten intolerant or Celiac, avoid this place. The servers are ignorant of our condition and will swear there's no wheat in things. I'm not Celiac, so it has only taken me four days to recover from the nachos.  They would have put my dad in the hospital.
4	Ever since this place opened up down the street from me I've been a huge fan.  Their wings are some of the best in town and have some great flavors as well.  The burgers are always awesome and adding pulled pork as a topper makes for a great flavor enhancement.  You can also get your burger cooked to order here and it normally comes out cooked perfectly.  the few times it hasn't come out Med Rare the burger was still super juicy and tasted great so there was no need to send it back.The one thing I will say about this location though it almost seems like the decor is unfinished.  there is nothing on the walls other than TV's and it just seems empty when you walk in giving you kind of a cold feeling.  I've gotten used to it after coming to this location for a while but it could use some sort of decorations on the wall for sure to make it feel a little more inviting when you first walk in.The bar is a great place to catch a game except don't expect the sound to be turned on in the bar for the majority of local sports games.  I went in during a Suns game and they would rather play music than the game audio.  I always thought Native was a huge suns supporter but it must be up to the individual location to decide that.  anyway, great food, good service, great location.  I will be back
3	This location had turned over so many different restaurants you wonder if Native will make it but it does seem to have found the right type of crowd for this location. Have been eating at Native for a long time when it was at various locations and hit the nights when they had the specials like the current Tuesday $0.35 wings. How can you go wrong at that price.I think I liked the wings more in the past when they did not have a crust on the wings. I always order the mild and the salt & pepper. The Asiago Parmesan are also good. Have had the pizza and burgers which are also good.This is s good place to watch a game while having wings and drinks. There are TV ' s every where and a separate dining area from the bar area. Located close to Wangs it is very accessible with plenty of parking.  The staff is always helpful and friendly.  As long as the have the Tuesday $0.35 wing night I will come back
1	I have been to this location many times.  Tonight, they must have grabbed a cook off the street.  I did not get what I ordered and the food was not good like it has been in the past.  I ordered off the skinny menu, as I always do.  I always order the chicken lettuce wraps.  The menu description says this:  "A crisp combination of cabbage, carrots, bell peppers, corn, red onion, cilantro, and basil topped with our low calorie ranch vinaigrette dressing. Served on top of fresh romaine lettuce leaves."  This is what I always get.  However, tonight, not the case.  The lettuce was horrible.  It had brown spots on it which I thought was some kind of brown spice, but when I tried to wipe it off, it didn't come off.  There were no bell peppers, corn or red onion.  It did have chicken on it.  Ok, now here's the weird thing.  There was pineapple on it.  It almost looked like it was a coleslaw that had pineapple in it.  The lettuce leaves weren't even filled very full.  I am HIGHLY disappointed and I feel like I wasted my money tonight.
1	We received some of the worst service I have experienced in a long time. We got there before 4pm in hopes of getting 35 cent wings, but our server didn't show up until after 4pm. We explained that we were there in time for the special and she told us the computers switch over at four and there was nothing she could do. We ordered appetizers which took a long time to make it out. When they finally showed up they were cold, one was wrong, and they didn't taste good at all. I had to get up to find our server to ask for my tab because she was so absent the entire time. I found her talking with two other employees at the hostess stand. My tab never came. I asked again after she brought a friend's tab and it came. There were plenty of other servers just standing around that could have helped her. We decided not to eat dinner here because we didn't have two hours to wait and the food was gross. The only small saving grace is their beer selection. Needless to say, I won't be returning.
4	Ok been here a couple of times, checked out Monday night football tonight, great specials , waitstaff super helpful every time, food is really good they put some effort into there menu as well, they have a good selection of things so far so good.. I keep coming back there getting it right!
4	I love this place. This is a staple lunch place for my office. I really enjoy the stripper lunch deal with BBQ or ranch. I Recommend this place for a quickLunch!
3	So sad.  This is definitely NOT the Native New Yorker of my youth.   I have such great memories of wing nights with friends growing up in the valley.  Always the best wings and crazy good prices.The wings are still decent (though oddly bread-ie) and service at this location is usually quite good.  Most likely, it's just me getting old and thinking back to the "good ol'" days before Native went franchise-crazy, but I feel like it's just not the same.Still like to pop in once in a while, but now Zipp s and Gallagher's are the go-tos in our house for wings and football.
5	We have been here so many times and the service is always friendly. We love the wings. A few times we have asked them to clean the table because it is kind of sticky but everything else is great
1	The food can be good here but they are wildly inconsistent. I come here often because a friend of mine works here and the service from her is great but the rest of the service is far below avg. They have gotten my order wrong several times. The bar area is either way too cold or too hot. It is never a comfortable temperature so dress in layers. Lastly, the place is absolutely boring. They have tons of TVs but could use a Golden Tee or Touch Tunes in the bar area. They desperately need something to liven the place up.
2	I was so happy when this location opened down the street form me but no I'm just disappointed. The staff is unfriendly/bored, the food isn't the same, the place is always empty, and it doesn't feel like a Native. I love the Tempe and Ahwatukee locations, even the Gilbert one. They feel like a Native New Yorker should but the Bell road location just doesn't do it for me. Honestly I'm only here because it's close and I have my birthday coupon. I wouldn't be surprised if it closed soon. Also, don't get the server Nikki, she treats you as if you're a burden to her oh so busy day.
2	Never have a hostess wait 5 minutes to get noticed poorly managed that's on a to go order!
3	Decided to try this place out. Walked in and every table was dirty. Service was just OK. Lots of choices on the menu.  Food was pretty good.
