1	If you're looking for anything from this company, stop and run the other way.  I had the misfortune of having them install solar hot water in my house.  They did everything wrong.  Such as installing the system and then asking for permits.  Then they had to come out and do it according to city code.  They made silly mistakes which any plumber would know, such as putting a drain pan under the tank.   The system works fine, I think. or maybe I hope.  They refuse to answer questions about their system because those in the office profess to know nothing about it.  They guy who does is always out of his office and leaving messages results in nothing....they simply don't answer them.If I can't get information when I have nothing wrong with my system, how much help do you think I'll get when something does break.These people really should'nt be in business and you'd be well off to seek services of some other more responsible company.
1	Dont waste your time and money with this company. I had Heliocol install solar panels for our pool, including a brand new pool pump. The system was installed four months ago and never worked. We have been calling for service since then, and every time someone comes to fix it , the problem stays the same. We are going to take legal action. They got the money and we got promises...
1	Does an honest reputable solar company exist in the valley?  So far I have yet to find one and would love to hear about one that can actually service and repair solar systems.  Because this one certainly is not that company.  They are so so so poor at customer service that I lack the heart and energy to go into each and every time that they have failed to follow up, failed to return phone calls, failed to fix the problem, fail to fix the problem they just fixed and then give one lame excuse and reason they can muster to avoid dealing with frustrated customers.  The fact they make extra money on 'trip charges' only motivates them more to come repeatedly.  The last 'reason' i got today was "oh that's because they need to fix it in the morning because of expansion and contraction". Then why did they come last time in the afternoon when they know this? I've been dealing with the company since late March and if I knew of a single option I'd run from them screaming but unfortunately they have a cornerstone on this market. I'm not sure if the woman I speak to every time (Cathy) has any skin in the game, at least enough to care about the company's future, but in my experience she holds the key to it's success or failure since she is the intermediary of every transaction and only serves to further the customer's aggravation and frustration. If I ever need service again I'll trash my system before I call these people back. In a single word:  unconscionable.
1	How is this company still in business? It's been 6 months after paying them nearly $20,000 for solar panels and they are not finished yet! They failed the city's inspection 4 times and it took them a week each time to fix each issue. They failed to show up when APS came for their inspection and guess what more fails! The APS inspector even said that the panels are wired unsafely. I estimate that I've called this company between 30-40 times trying to get them to finish their work with nothing but excuses, non returned phone calls and unanswered emails. Spend your money with a company that actually cares about their costumers and takes pride in their workmanship.
