4	Muffins from heaven! Not too sweet and amazingly huge and fresh. Great tea selection. Nothing fancy inside, but warm and inviting. Great place to meet up for a leisurely afternoon chat or alone with good book in hand.
4	If only this place was in San Francisco! The 61C Cafe was my favorite coffee shop/study place when I was in college. It is named after the bus route which stops outside the front door (the 61C bus route...).They have a large selection of coffees and loose-leaf teas. They have lots of great home-made baked goods. The Ginger Snap cookies are the best I've ever had. It is the only coffee shop where the DEFAULT is "for here" mugs...people who get drinks "to go" are looked at strangely. Go with your laptop or a newspaper and get out of the freezing (I mean FREEZING!) cold of the Pittsburgh winter and enjoy this place.
5	Love this place - the internet is free and the coffee is strong! Staff are friendly and make you feel welcome (even if you bring a laptop and stay for a few hours). The coffee shop is small, but they've managed to squeeze in just enough small tables for customers to find somewhere to sit. There is also a nice side patio that is open whenever the weather permits. The only downside is that they only accept cash, but in case you forget, there are atms down the street (or just go to Giant Eagle). Metered parking is available nearby, but you might find some free spots farther out in the neighborhoods.Or just hop on the 61C bus - it will drop you off right in front of the shop!
4	Seriously folks, ya gotta love the 61C!  How many other food establishments can you name that were named after the bus route they're on?  I've been coming here since I was a teenager back in the 1990s.As Caitlin says above, there's no cheesy decor at this place--it actually seems pretty subdued.  You can hang around here for a few hours--wish I could still do that like back when I was in college.  I love coming here on a rainy day with a good book and drinking a nice cappucino or just plain coffee while keeping good company with Mssrs. Steinbeck or Dickens or Twain.
5	It would now be impossible for me to count the evenings I have spent at 61c. With free internet good hot chocolate and desserts - and also amazing fresh smoothies I am set for hours. The music is very good. The staff are great, go there enough and you will soon be friends with them.
4	Atmosphere- reasonable. Mostly seems like a good study shop for college kids. Not as many lap top outlets as there needs to be it seems. They make good chai and Lattes which is what I mostly get there. The coffee is fine. Most of the food available is sweets. Watch out for the no credit card deal.
2	I really would never have stopped here, but the sign on the street promised a fresh smoothie.The atmosphere was kinda dark and not in a moody way. Each small table was occupied by one person with a laptop or a book. I came in with a friend and felt slightly uncomfortable just talking. It was just dead in there.I went to the counter and said that I wanted a smoothie but I wasn't sure what kinds they had. The girl behind the counter stared at me. Ok, so I found this board that had smoothie ingredients on it and tried to figure out what I wanted. I ventured to order and was told that I had to pick something from each column. At this point the girl behind the counter actually turned her back on me. What the hell? Why do I feel like I'm taking some kind of smoothie aptitude test. Just tell me what is going on. So, to the back of this girl I say, "apple"... Apparently this completes some requirement that my previous order hadn't fulfilled and another girl starts putting apples in the machine.At this point, I think that while I don't plan on coming back, at least I'll get a nice fresh treat to take out and ponder the wackiness that was my experience. Nope. The first girl opens the fridge only to tell me that they are out of the other ingredients I had asked for. Whatever. I'm actually glad I got out of there without spending any money.I don't know if she just didn't like the look of me or what, but if you don't like serving food to people you probably shouldn't work at a cafe. Also, if your smoothie ordering process is even slightly unclear, it wouldn't hurt to help a customer out.I don't doubt that other people have had better experiences here, but the dark, solitary atmosphere and terrifying service won't be bringing me back in the foreseeable future.
4	My first coffee shop stop in Pittsburgh!  It was such a gorgeous day and they had outdoor seating!  Staff was friendly and efficient!  Coffee was decent.  There is also free wifi, which is always a plus when you need to bust out of an apt in a new city to explore!  Most of all the outdoor seating called to moi!
3	I would like to hang out here more often, but my laptop battery is a piece of shit and there are virtually no outlets in this place.  ?
1	music is too loud and gave me a headache.  i like to listen to my own music on my itunes, not to mention need to talk on the phone every once in a while, and i had a webinar i needed to listen to.  but i couldn't do any of this, because i couldn't even hear myself think.the barrista was rude to me when i asked him to turn down the music.  it was really, really LOUD.and their chai is not that great, either.i can see why their customers keep dwindling and it gets easier to grab a seat in there day after day -- the customer is always right, and when they're not, that's a sign that your employees don't care about your business and it's going down the tubes.  farewell, 61c.  you will never have my patronage again after 8+ years and i doubt you'll be around for another 8.
4	Ah the perfect "Girls Night Out!"  A movie, then some coffee or tea at the 61C, then home and in bed by 11pm!  Sherry and I had some wonderful decaf teas.  My friend Marla is one of those who can drink a cappucino at 10pm and then go right to bed.  I hate her!  No, Marla honey, I love ya!
3	Coffee is very drinkable not great but very drinkable. You can buy a 6oz cup for like a buck and a quarter (if you like small things?). Always crowded... maybe it the free internet? Windows gallor and outside seating. I love Sq. Hill so it is set within a good community. Taking a star away because it's a little run down with some wobbly tables but hey maybe that's why the coffee is cheap (low overhead on decor).
3	Awkward but okay.61c is a cafe with an identity crisis.  The seating, a blue grid of cramped narrow paths is awful and totally fills the space, I mean, seriously, get a couch or maybe a table with more than two seats.  Just weird.  I feel like getting to my seat is a game of pac-man.Given 61c's utilitarian, classroom, look, I assumed that the angle was that it was a no-nonsense wifi type cafe, but really, if there are no outlets, where do i plug my computer in?  It seems like there were once outlets but maybe they have been passively aggressively covered with blank wall plates?  I don't get it.The coffee and other pastries are acceptable and slightly above average, but seriously,  do something about the awkward room.
3	I'm so relieved that someone else noticed the fact that the tables are arranged not like desks in a classroom. I thought I was going crazy...coming in I saw maybe 15 people sitting down at 20 little identical tables, *all* in front of laptops...nearly all facing the same direction. All I could think was "This must be what coffee shops in re-education camps look like". (It's not *that* bad- and they have more traditional seating in the back; I think this is just how they've had to adjust to crowding.) Because of that, it took me a few minutes after taking myself to really feel comfortable. I had a tasty (and cheap, albeit small) pot of tea and sat down facing the opposite direction, just to be contrarian. Their wifi was free, which is a big plus, but they didn't have good power outlet access, which is a big minus. The staff was friendly, the selection of teas was phenomenal, but the music was just a bit too loud (and at some times, flat out awkward) for my tastes, and all in all, it just didn't quite click. I had gone there to get some reading done - I was able to get it done, which was good, but I didn't feel the desire to linger around once my work was done, which was bad. All in all, asi asi.I did see someone there reading a seminal paper in ubiquitous computing, so I have to vouch for the crowd (sorry, nerd pride). And the desks are actually well suited to getting serious work done (I imagine a big plus for a lot of people, given the number of laptops). But for me, I was really hoping to find a cozy place to escape the world while being productive - and for that, I'll have to keep looking.
5	Phew!! Another coffee review in Pittsburgh. People in Pittsburgh like to be caffeinated !! Located at the  corner of the street with a cute sit out area serving good types of coffee and sandwiches and biscotti.I am a great fan of pittsburgh coffee and biscotti's. Apparently Pittsburgh has kept up with my expectations. :)  -Smriti
4	I'm coming to Pittsburgh from Portland, and Portland is the elitist's paradise for coffee and espresso.I'm glad to see that Pittsburgh has so many independent coffee shops.  I would not put them in the same class as those in Portland, but in the context of a city Pittsbugh's size and located in the mid-Atlantic, I'm impressed.Came to 61C based on a couple recommendations.  Very cool place.  Seating is a bit tight, but then, coffee shops struggle sometimes with relatively low turnover and low priced items, so I don't mind the sardine-packing atmosphere. The positives: decent number of wall outlets; nice selection of teas, sustainable to-go containers; good selection of sweets; friendly barista; great location on the Murray Ave strip in Squirrel Hill; fresh veggie/fruit juice available; very cool music.The negatives: Lighting could be much better, especially in the back away from the windows; no design to speak of, very plain tables/chairs, and a ceiling badly in need of painting and repairs.One hopes that the 61C bus line doesn't get relocated or cancelled...
2	Way too crowded, and not intimate at all with tables practically stacked one right over the other. If you don't have a laptop, then you will feel really awkward. The only nice thing is when it's sunny outside and you can sit on the patio with the sunflower garden they have. The coffee is mediocre. For better drinks, go down 2 blocks to Te Cafe or Crazy Mocha.
4	I love to support local baristas over the corporate coffee shops. 61c is a great place to grab a cup of coffee or some delightful loose leaf tea. I do agree that the interior can be crowded, and that the majority of the patrons are typically affixed to their laptop screens.I give 61c props for outdoor seating (in the spring/summer), delicious homemade granola, and the best blueberry cheesecake that you've ever had. The blueberry variety is made in-house, and is incredibly substantial (I am a total whore for cheesecake). Remember, 61c is cash only!
4	I spent many many nights here drinking hot chocolate and studying when I was in college! It can be a little crowded, and - at least 6 years ago - power outlets could be a little sparse. The atmosphere is relaxed and quiet, they have a great variety of drinks and deserts and really excellent staff on hand. In the summer, there is outdoor seating which is nice as well.
4	I've never been disappointed by anything I've ordered (coffee, tea, pastries, lemonade, smoothies) They have a lot to offer and you can get whatever flavor combination tickles your fancy. One day I was feeling adventurous and ordered a strawberry-coconut soy latte. The barista said "In 15 years I've never made that before" It was amazing! The only negative things I have to say about the 61c is that it can get very crowded and the tables are situated very close together to maximize seating .
4	cute! how could you NOT like this place?
5	The smoothies are incredible. They make them from fresh squeezed juice and fruit as you order them. The pastries are good too - not quite as standout as the smoothies, but still tasty.It can get crowded sometimes, but they have a fair amount of seating, so it isn't something they could easily fix.
1	This is the problem with independent coffee shops... they can get away with murder! People talk their shit about Starbucks, but they've at least some structure and a higher level of customer service (most, not all).It was raining on this particular day in Pittsburgh. It was humid but I was still in the mood for a delicious mocha! I yelped local coffee shops and came upon 61C Cafe. It was a cute joint - everything you'd imagine an independent coffee shop to be. Cute and quaint.The barista, however, was incredibly rude. I had greeted her myself, and all she could muster up was, "yes?" I ignored it and ordered an Almond Mocha. She quickly steamed up some milk on the counter (not from the fridge, mind you) and POURED in the mocha and almond syrup into my cup. What happened to all your pumps? Talk about inconsistency! I should have asked for two pumps each to really have messed her up!I don't know how she did it, but she made no eye contact with any of us throughout the whole transaction (and we ordered 2 more drinks on top of the almond mocha!). What's wrong girl? You need me to pet you?I was so exhausted with this girl, I couldn't even enjoy my beverage. It only takes one person to really mess up the whole experience.61C Cafe, have some standards and check up on your staff. The beverage quality is abominable. And BTW, your cookies are awful, too.
4	61c is definitely my favorite Squirrel Hill coffee shop.  Their lattes are the best I've had in the Burgh and their m&m cookies and granola are delicious.Pros:- usually very good music.- decent customer service.- nice ambiance and a good place to get work done.- nice location in the heart of squirrel hill.- free wifi.Cons:- not many outlets.
4	Comfy little Squirrel Hill coffee shop. I pretty much only order my usual decaf (black) but there is a nice selection of coffee drinks and sweets on the counter. My favorite aspect is the little outdoor patio with lights strung up above. It's the perfect place to spend a summer evening catching up with a friend.Indoors it can get very crowded with students studying, and you'd be better off if your laptop had a strong battery because it can be difficult to get an outlet. Even with the crowd, though, it never gets very loud because most people have their noses in books and headphones in their ears.
2	Positive: great location, free wireless, several very nice baristas.Negative: 2 outlets (it's no longer cute), wobbly tables , terrible coffee, burnt, low quality, inconsistent. Haven't tried more frou frou drinks. The occasional inexplicably asshole employee.
4	The best coffee place in sq hill. And they had the best cookies. But at the end of last year they changed their cookies to be smaller and harder. But if they changed back their cookies they would earn the last star!
2	Okay.....I've only been here twice, so it's hard to judge.  But there were two things I disliked.1. Hardly any outlets!2. My chai latte, which was neither hot nor very tasty.  wah waaaaaah.It's like, a block from my house, so I'm sure I'll give them another go.  There was a super friendly barista dude there last time, and the outdoor patio looks nice in summer.  But I'll need to have a tasty beverage of some sort in order to up this review.  sad face because I love local businesses!  But....I also love tasty chai lattes.  and I did not get one.
4	More like 3.5 stars. I do not go there often enough, but it is a little more than A-OK. I gave it the full 4 because the hot apple cider is that memorable.61C Cafe has  even 1-1 human-laptop ratio. Yes, the cafe may seem a little hipster (it is), a little grad school (it is), and a little granola (it is). But don't let stereotypes deter you; 61C is a pleasant experience.The drinks I have had at 61C have been good, I might have had a better chai here or there, but overall I have left satisfied. I especially love late summer nights under the strung lights and people watching on Murray Avenue.
4	The 61C has long been a coffee mainstay in Squirrel Hill. And it's the perfect place to go before or after a movie at the nearby Manor. My friend Marla & I did just that last night. We came here for a little libation after seeing "Of Gods and Men" (which was VERY good, BTW). Despite my love, nay dependence for caffeine-y goodness in the morning, it does keep me up at night.  My decaf tea with biscotti really hit the spot though.And yes Marla is still one of those people who can drink an espresso at 10pm and then go to bed.
4	They're good on all the standards. Coffee is fresh and affordable. No frills here, but it's a cute place that's dependable and inviting. I'm admittedly a bit of an eco geek, so I get a kick out of the fact that they use biodegradable plastics, too!
4	What I like best about this place is that there is plenty of outdoor seating. Inside is cool too, but sometimes it gets really packed and is hard to find a place to sit.  Coffee is about 50 cents cheaper than Starbucks and they have the cream and sugar out so you can help yourself to as much or as little as you want. I've recently started trying their fresh juice. It's really cool, they cut the fruit right in front of you and squeeze like 4 or 5 pieces into your glass. If you don't like pulp stay away from the juice though, because being fresh squeezed tends to lead to lots of pulp. Kind of expensive though, $2.75 for a small glass. The crowd seems a little hipster-like, but not really pretentious or engaging in ridiculous discussions that make them sound smart, but in reality they know nothing about like hipsters are sometimes known to do. Pretty chill crowd here and everyone has always been friendly.
2	Decent coffee, okay atmosphere, good juice.  The place is a little crowded - a few too many tables (many of which are wobbly).  Three stars.  Minus one star for not taking credit cards.  Hello, 1995.
5	This has been my go-to coffeeshop for over a decade now. It's one of the few places I can go and get a plain coffee that doesn't taste like regret. When they're in season, they also have the best pumpkin muffins around.The rest of the clientele are generally polite and leave you be to your web surfing or crosswords, but there are definitely characters you'll come to recognize if you are a regular that lend the place a neighborhoody feel (such as the Bob Dylan gospel guy, who you'll sometimes find fashioning belts and other leather products across a table or two).Added plus: for years the place had but one or two outlets, which made laptop loungers like me sad. But they have upgraded and now there are plentiful outlets! (Using one now.)
4	So I hosted a little 1-hour Facebook battle of asking my friends one simple question:  "Who has GREAT Coffee?  And if you say Starbucks, I will smack you!"A lot of great suggestions came up; however, a friend mentioned 61C Cafe and because of it's close location to my apartment and was the one place I hadn't been to before, I chose this place.  However, before you go - CASH ONLY!!!!  That being said, on with the review!What a great suggestion 61C Cafe is because of my one criteria:  GREAT coffee, was met!  I do consider myself a Foodie, but I consider myself a Coffee SNOB!  Yes - I like my coffee hot and black, without the bastardization of sugars, creams, syrups, and foams.When I pulled up - I immediately liked the exterior as it looks like an old coffee shop from the 60's.  But upon going inside, it's very warm, cozy, and simple.   No schticky decorations or fake histories on the walls.  When I ordered a large cup of Dark Roast, they were actually at the bottom of the caraffe, so the barista asked if I wanted it, or if I would be willing to wait for a fresh pot.  (Duh!  Coffee Snob!  Wait for a fresh pot!)I took a seat and started reading a book while waiting for my coffee, when the barista brought my coffee over to me a few minutes later and said with a genuine smile, "You can pay when you're ready!"  I paid $2 for a LARGE CUP OF COFFEE!!!  $2!!!  AMAZING!!!!  I tipped him another $2 for being so awesome!Another great thing about this place, the clientele are awesome too and are not pretentious, too hipster, or too trendy.  Just people drinking coffee, passing time, and reading books.  When I asked my table neighbor to watch my bag while I went to put another quarter in the meter, when I returned we actually had a great conversation!I didn't get a chance to taste the biscotti or the baked goodies, but definitely on my next stop.  Great coffee.  Great Atmosphere.  Great People.  Great Prices.  JUST BRING CASH!  :-D
3	They do make good coffee, decent smoothies and crappy hot chocolate. I tried hot chocolate at least 3-4 times, and it is one of the worst I ever had. To be frank, I prefer Starbucks smoothie, hot chocolate over 61c any day. I do visit this coffee shop because of the environment. Most of the people here are trying to get their work done and environment motivates me to get my work done too. I also like outdoor seating when it is warm.
4	Cute little cafe- typical selection, prices, cafe ambiance.  The food and beverage I've had were good.
2	I stopped here for the first time a few weeks ago. My boyfriend and I were strolling through Squirrel Hill and decided some coffee would be a good decision. The name of the shop and the facade was intriguing. It seemed like a cute and cozy place to enjoy some caffeine.The employees were all young college students. They were working on school work at a table next to the counter and it took a few minutes to be acknowledged but after they did realize we were there they were very friendly! Two of them helped us out, rather than just one, which I thought was surprisingly efficient of them. And the interior is gorgeous, minus the dark lighting.Now, onto what matters. I ordered a simple vanilla latte and a peanut butter chocolate chip cookie. I'm not sure if they make their baked goods on site or if they get them from somewhere else but my cookies was delicious and pretty big for the price! But the latte was a different story. It was very small and although I ordered something simple in hopes that it would come out fantastic I was let down. My latte was burnt and I don't even think any vanilla was put into it. My boyfriend got a small coffee, which turned out to be a very very very small coffee. And no refills.All in all it was an okay experience, but who burns a latte?
4	I have only ever had their smoothies. They are amazing! My favorite part is watching the barista make fresh-squeezed apple juice that then goes into my smoothie. It makes it taste so much better! I am also a big fan of the fact that their smoothies are all natural with no sugar and still delicious!
5	When I was living in Squirrel Hill, this was my favorite coffee shop, by far. I loved the folks who worked there and the customers were varied and often interesting. Students and faculty from the nearby universities frequently hang out there.  The drinks and food are excellent.
2	More outlets now. Still mediocre espresso/coffee.
4	All you need to know is the hot chocolate is off the chain.  It's damn good.  Plenty of seats for you to sit, chat, study etc.  Good service.  Good lighting.  My only critiques: 1.) it's cash only and 2.) slightly loud for my tastes.  Otherwise, a very solid coffee shop to check out.
1	Thanks for staying open till 11, but please, learn to make a decent chai! It has no flavor, and it is the most basic coffee shop drink! Quite disappointing.
3	I used to be a huge fan of 61C; however, lately my husband and I have been receiving some inconsistent service. On a few occasions, they have forgotten to add chocolate to my mocha. Additionally, sometimes the espresso tastes burnt and the milk is overheated. Don't get me wrong, more often than not, the baristas do a great job; however, until we start receiving good beverages on a more consistent basis, I cannot bring myself to give this place more than 3 stars.
2	Need more seating, very cramped and difficult to study/work.   The pastries are dry, but the espresso is good enough.   I hope the location in Regent Square has more space.
5	love this place! good coffee
4	Not a great place to study, but has good coffee and pretty good mochas.
3	One of my Mom's old haunts in squirrel hill. Neat place. Good iced latte. The double expresso shot I inhaled from the Latte made me talk a mile a minute. Solid 3.5. Good place. Good coffee.
3	Every time I've been here I never was really impressed. The quality of the coffee is actually above average, the cookies, scones and other baked goods are pretty good. The furniture is not really comfortable, there are hardly any outlets for any electrical devices- and while a nice place to stop in, I won't go out of my way to come here again. I will give it credit for its character, however.
2	Had a god awful chai latte. Scone was fine although would be better if warmer. Never coming back!
5	Most complaints here seem centered on lack of outlets and uncomfy chairs or bad chai lattes.  Oh well.  The coffee here is great.  It IS a coffee place.  Hand tamped espresso (my usual choice) is the best I've tried in the city.  Cash only.  Free WiFi.  Most baked goods made on site and very good.  Outdoor patio is great.  Clean restrooms.  If you want good coffee, this is the place.  If you want a couch and an outlet, there are two Starbucks within walking distance.
1	There are very few things that bother me with food establishments. However, when the barista licks his fingers all throughout making my smoothie, it really puts a.. Bad taste in my mouth.. Pardon the pun. I used to work in the food industry and one general rule I like to pay attention to is general safety and sanitation rules. Don't lick your fingers and then attempt to put my lid on my drink. You could also take the sticker off my apples.. They don't really taste that great with minimal nutritional value.
4	I've been here many times before, most recently a few months back.  This is a favorite default hangout spot for me and a couple of friends who live nearby in Sq. Hill.  We usually come here during the evening to catch up, and the atmosphere is usually pretty quiet, with the exception of some Sat. evenings.  We usually order steamers and a dessert or two to share amongst ourselves.  I like to get my steamers flavored with vanilla and irish cream (tell them to make it strong for this flavor, since it's subtle), and one of my friends likes the hazelnut flavor best. For desserts, two consistently good options are the chocolate mousse cake and the dark chocolate torte.  The biscotti can also be fun to dip in a hot drink.Service varies, and can sometimes be a bit curt and/or inattentive, but it's never been so bad as to ruffle my feathers.  Whatever, it's a coffee shop--I'm not expecting the level of service I would from somewhere serving haute cuisine! When I've come, most other patrons have been working, but we try to keep it down, and they don't seem to mind our chattering.  Like many indie coffee shops, the 61C is a good place to people-watch, both inside and out (it's located in the middle of Murray St., the main business district for Sq. Hill).  N.B.: Cash only.
4	One of my favorite coffee places in Pittsburgh. Great coffee but during the hot summer months the fresh fruit smoothies are my go to. It's create your own so the possibilities are endless and they're made with real fruit, none of that juice from concentrate crap. Really chill ambience and comfortable environment make it perfect for hanging out with friends, reading a book, or doing work from your laptop.
4	I think this is a great place to come for a drink if you're in Squirrel Hill. I like that it's open until 11, which is 1 hour later than some of the other coffee/tea places on Murray. I liked to come work on my thesis here, and at night there were generally seats available, but not very many outlets. The fruit smoothies they make are great, and the cookies are good here. They have a decent tea collection, and I've never tried any of their coffee.Good for groups or flying solo. There is lots of seating inside, and there is a really cute patio outside for when the weather is nice! It has a nice feeling inside, and the atmosphere is generally very enjoyable.Cash only! There is an ATM at a bank about a block north on Murray if you need to stop by one on your way in.My only real main complaint is that a couple of nights before 11:00 closing when I was there it would get REALLY loud. There was sometimes a large group of homeless-y looking people (I have no idea if that's an incorrect judgement on my part, and if so, I apologize) that would come in and hang out with the barista and be really loud and chaotic. It was pretty disruptive so I stopped going as often.
3	I don't love this place as much as the rest of the East End grad school set does. I appreciate the 3.50 French presses and the homemade chocolate chip scones, but the staff always seems less than pleased to see you and the location itself is unhospitable--it's hard to drink good coffee if the table is wobbly or the person next to you is disturbing your reverie. It's definitely on the more affordable end of the Squirrel Hill coffee shops, and is much quieter than either of the Starbucks or the center-of-the-grad-school-universe Commonplace Coffee, so it has that going for it. It also has a huuuuge assortment of different coffees that they get from all over the world. The house blend, the Sumatra, and the Ethiopia are delicious, the Brazil decidedly not. I would feel uncomfortably asking the baristas (or at least the baristas I've had) about coffee recommendations, as they just seem to be trying to get through the day.
4	So, until I became the hip East Ender that I am I thought it was the "61 cent cafe" until one day, while strolling along Murray Avenue, I looked and saw the 61C bus dropping folks off right in front of the "61 cent cafe".  It all came together - this local spot was named after the bus route that clogs Squirrel Hill! Cash only here my friends - but reasonably priced coffee and lattes and fancy little pastries and snacks.  And it's cozy  here, small but not on top of the person next to you.  Such a breath of fresh air compared to the coffee chains out there.  If it is nice out sit in their sweet little outdoor courtyard and enjoy the wildflowers (beautiful sunflowers sprout every year) and watch the bustle of the heart of Squirrel Hill.
