2	This is the place designed specifically for the young, hip crowd. Something which I am not. It is where the stockbroker who makes $500,000 per year takes his $450/hr escort.The place is gorgeous with a pink neon bar, open stairwell, and hot waitresses. The food I had was far too salty to be edible.
5	Great bar on Thursday night. Service is great and the staff is nice looking.  Went there for lunch and the food was good and their wine list is intersting. I liked that they brought the appetizers for the table without having to ask for them.R.
4	I keep getting blown away by the food, service and decor of the myriad of restaurants in Montreal.  Tonight we ventured up a little further up the giant hill better known as Rue Peel.  Trying to keep within close proximity to the Metro we stumbled upon Cavalli.Opening the tall glass doors you are immediately met with a smiling face and warm colors, and the distinct background music that only a cool lounge music.  The light fixtures are rectangular and draped with what appears to be topaz hued stones on filament.  Great reflection of the light and I would equate to an art piece that you want to take time to observe.I know the food is key but let's just start with the service my favourite topic especially when it is really really good.  The waitstaff, backwaiters and hostess are on top of everything.  We didn't have a time when our water glass was not 75% full.  I specifically mention 75% because most glasses in the States are full to the brim and you end up spilling on the table or on yourself just to take a sip!  They all appeared to be happy to serve and answer any questions you may have!Food, glorious food....the linguini tasted homemade and tossed with lobster, artichokes and fresh porcini.  The sauce...OMG, it was basically a lobster bisque, rich and creamy with a hint of brandy laced throughout.  To top it off was a confit of heirloom tomatoes.  Can you say heaven, I think you can!!   Accompanied by a great glass of chianti the meal was nothing short of outstanding!Dessert - too full to order, but I did!  Triple chocolate hazlenut brioche bread pudding...was that enough, yes, but was that all....NO NO NO (insert Amy Winehouse music here) ... topped with oven roasted coffee ice cream (yes, as good as on Monday night's dinner) and finally topped off with a white chocolate and praline wafer that had a hint of black sesame seeds for that nutty crunch.
2	Pretentious, over-priced, and the waitresses look like call-girls Seriously, I can't imagine what the interview process must be like for girls who want to work here: "weight? check, fake boobs? check, 'kay Barbie, squeeze into this knit tee-shirt that we'll pretend to call a dress. Cavalli certainly wants to be perceived as glamorous, and where the "it girls and boys" go.  The fact that I even noticed what the chairs looked like tells you that the decor is a big part of the atmosphere here. But I'd rather sit in an unremarkable chair and have a waitress who actually connects with us, rather than a bevy of vacuous girls and boys who breeze in and out and dare us to order dessert in that Mean Girls sort of way.  After spending $40 on the entree of tuna, which was good and beautiful to look at, but came with no accompaniments, there was no way I would be spending anymore to eat some twee artsy-fartsy dessert.We blew that pop stand and headed around the corner to Ben & Jerry's.
4	Portuguese seafood done very well, try the seafood cassarole in rice a little like paella if hungry or the black cod seems to be a good standby according to my table.Sardine appetizer a must (not kidding!). Noisy, busy, seafood paradise. Enjoy!
3	When I came in here, I immediately felt out of place. I found the restaurant, patrons and staff really pretentious. I was with my mom and we got seated in a back corner, and the front was filled with pretty people. A bit over priced, but the food was excellent. That's the only thing that made up for my uncomfortableness and feeling dowdy compared to the tall blonde ones.
4	A friend chose the place and I throught it looked all too trendy and yuppie, the waiters a bit too good-looking (but I did not mind :-), etc. But you pick the right food and fine, and this place is great. I had a (complimentar) jumbo shrimp plate, Pennine Rigate, Braised Veal cheaks, and a (complimentary) selection of desserts. And a good 2005 Barolo (although they were out of the one a little older that I wanted). We were 9 people, and the service was very friendly, and efficient. Not cheap, if that is what you are looking, but we had a great evening at Cavalli.
4	I love this place. Great Food, Fantastic Atmosphere. Go on any Thursday night for dinner and stay for cocktails. You will not be dissappointed. Highly Recommended.
3	This place! I swear that when the *ahem* server came over to take our order, she was going to ask me "Hey, baby. You got girlfriend Vietnam?" The skintight, purple uniforms the ladies wear barely cover them. Apparently, this is a place to see and be seen. And you'll see more than you'd care to. Which is a shame, because the food was damn good. I generally make all attempts not to have a romantic dinner with my wife at a place that fancies itself a club. Fail on that one, as I was a stranger in a strange land. It seems to be a bit of an epidemic around town. A huge table was set up next to us and a stag party sat down for bottle service. At $500 a pop for Grey Goose, I guess someone just got their signing bonus. Service was awful. Already filled glasses of wine were tended to, while empty water glasses were ignored. I've seen that game before. Dishes were basically just dumped at the table. On top of that, everything was very expensive. As I said, the food was excellent. We started with the Caprese salad made with buffala mozzarella and heirloom tomatoes. Good start, but needed more than one leaf of basil. We both got pastas as our mains. Which, even in the $30-40 range, seemed like the bargains on the pricey menu. Fettuccine with lobster, artichokes, porcinis and tomatoes in a lobster bisque for the lady. Pappardelle with sausage, rapini, smoked cheese and heirloom tomatoes for me. These were both great and my dish was just what I was looking for. Dolci was fantastic as well. Triple chocolate hazelnut bread pudding with white chocolate and praline wafer and oven roasted coffee ice cream. Yep, it was every bit as good as it sounds. By the end, we were stuffed with a very satisfying meal. I went out for a nice dinner and ended up at a club. You know what they say about a Jack of all trades.
5	On a recent visit to Montreal, I had the good fortune to have an Aunt "in the know" who brought us to this amazing restaurant for a Saturday night dinner without the kids. First off, I am baffled by some previous reviewers who apparently are intimidated by good looking people and swanky decor. If you are so insecure, perhaps you should find a nice chain restaurant or family style dining establishment to patron, as this place is not for the faint of ego or of wallet...lol. I personally hail from L.A. so I'm not off put by waitstaff that look like they are actors and models in their "real jobs", but I digress... the waitstaff was extremely helpful, friendly, professional and prompt in service. The food here is not only beautifully plated, but absolutely delicious. We had a bit of everything, the grilled octopus was succulent and tender, wild mushrooms with bacon was flavorful and creative, tuna and salmon tartars were fresh and well seasoned, mac n' cheese with four cheeses and roasted garlic was the best I've ever eaten, bacon wrapped sea scallops (how can you go wrong?), and an assortment of desserts that were just to add a touch of gluttony to an otherwise indulgent dinner feast. This place is not cheap, but I've spent more at restaurants in L.A. and didn't leave feeling nearly as satisfied with my food or ambiance as I did at Cavalli. As I stated, we were here for a Saturday night dinner, and by 8 p.m. the place was packed, but not so overcrowded that you felt you were packed in a can like some other restaurants in the downtown area. I'd say overall it's a primarily thirty something to forty something plus establishment, but I saw a few younger and older sprinkled in there for good measure, and nobody really looked out of place. I saw tables with couples, mixed crowds and a packed bar. They were playing some swanky, up-tempo jazzy, supper club kinda music which made for a lively atmosphere, but not too loud that you couldn't enjoy conversation at your table. I hear Thursday nights they bring in a DJ and this place gets moving, so if you're not into the loungy/clubby type scene, don't come here on a Thursday night. Overall, I'd say my experience here could not have been better and I will definitely be returning on future visits.
5	One of my two favorite restos in Montreal and the whole world probably.  The chef Jennifer is amazing. Try the sea bass!!
5	Delicious
4	Been a bunch of times on their Thursday night parties but had never eaten there until last night. I was surprised to see one of my old friends serving us. All waitresses are mega hot. It's a little confusing that they all serve you (or not), no one has a specific table or area so I had to chase a waitress around for my side of hot peppers (I put hot peppers on EVERYTHING). I ordered the parpadelle with sausage and rapini dish. I was really good but I barely touched it because I usually lose my appetite when loud house is blasting, liquor pouring and people dancing around me. It's a sexy crowd (although I was disgusted by a few old italian men with way too much gel in their hair and their 80s dance moves), sexy place, it's all hot pink. We were 5 people, i don't know what our bill was because my buddy was kind enough to take care of it. But I looked at the menu and it was pricey. Not sure if it's worth it, but at least try it once.
4	Great spot.  Can't beat the location downtown and you're likely to see a celebrity there...other than me...food is as good as expected, service the same.  Fantastic.  Walking distance to some of the best shopping in Montreal.
4	To be honest I walk by this restaurant almost everyday on my way to the gym next door, but I never stopped in to try it. However, after one gym session on a Wednesday night I decided try it with a few friends. There were four of us total. The waitresses definitely were very attractive, yet pretty accommodating. We all decided to get some drinks and food. They do have an extensive selection of seafood, which if I see on the menu I tend to order it. I noticed swordfish on the menu and was easily satisfied with my selection. It was definitely cooked well and the accompanying vegetables were a great combination. The meal size was just right, not too big, but not smalll where you are craving for more. Overall, I was pleasantly surprised with the food. However, I never have come here for partying as I prefer the old port to downtown, but I hear Thursday nights are the best nights at cavalli for this.
4	I have been here several times and the place doesn't disappoint.  It is sexy yet classy and the food is top notch.  At around 40$ per plate, be prepared to spend at least $60 per person on a weeknight. The waitresses are gorgeous, the service is very warm.  Our table of 6 guys felt very welcome.  We had e filet and the ribeye and they were delicious. If you can't afford the menu, go to Peel Pub where you'll feel more at home.
4	I have been a regular here since the day it opened and although I have not been a few months I am certain it is still a great go to spot.  I love the staff and have to say it is a great place to bring your single guy friends as the wait staff (I usually sit at the bar), is good looking, fun and very friendly.  They know how to make a killer martini. and many other cocktails and they are generous.  We have sampled most of the menu and I have to say that among the best were braised veal cheeks, their macaroni, the raw fish dishes (which change but are always a no brainer), and of course our their oysters with wasabi mmmm good and your sure to have fun, especially during the happy hour.
4	You need to know that I'm a bread pudding elitist/expert/fanatic. My first request upon sitting in any establishment is a dessert menu...so I know how to order...in case they have bread pudding. If they do have bread pudding, and I'm not very hungry, then bread pudding is my entree. I don't leave a place that has bread pudding without tasting the bread pudding.You need to know that Cavalli's serves the best bread pudding I've ever had.
1	If I could i would give this place ZERO stars because it was terrible! The food is terrible and the service, even worse! We had a large party of 12 expecting to have a lovely evening. Instead 3 of us were given the wrong order, and the waitress tried to convince two people to just eat what they were served. The appetizers were forced upon us and worst of all, I being a vegetarian asked the waitress for advice on what to order and she encouraged me to order the one pasta dish that I found out later was cooked in BEEF STOCK definitely NOT vegetarian. To make matter matters even worse it came out far too salty. I asked others at the table to try and we all agreed that it was inedible!  With that said I found out later from another server that the order was indeed BEEF or VEAL stock. I was so disappointed.  For desert they brought our food but forgot to give us silverware and were unreachable for at least 10 mins. It is first a terrible restaurant for the service, secondly for the food.  But most importantly for the atmosphere, all of the guests seemed to be desperate to be picked up or to be seen at a austentatious place. However this was trashy and without class. You definitely see so, throw what the server's attire. Majorly inappropriate and poorly made!!! I WOULD NEVER GO BACK.
3	Thursday night is a good night to go, but a bit boogie and gets really packed.
4	Yummy delicious food of all kind the appetizers aren't the best. But then again I am pickier than hell. Nice soothing music lovely staff and strong drinks with women with their hooter hanging all the way out not exactly my cup of tea but hey gets the men spending the money. Lamb chop fillet yum yum. Waiters nice and friendly. I had not one problem there  and that barely ever happens. :) We all got the right orders all 75 of us. Do not believe the lies some people must just be haters because the owners fired them for personal reasons. hahaha you deserve it... You go Cavellis
3	Went here on a recommendation of co-workers who live in Montreal.  I read the reviews and thought "hey, it's a Thursday night and my last night of a long work week in Montreal, so why not?".  I "drug" another out-of-town coworker from Stockholm here.I would have to say that we got here a bit early at 7:30.  We walked right in without reservations.  When we left at 9:30, it was packed (as most reviews indicate) and the bouncer was starting to size up guys trying to come in.Yes, they do have a bevy (a Texas term) of beauties serving food.  I have been many a brestaurant, and the girls here are nice looking, but they know it.  I am pretty sure each of the male managers is trying too hard.That aside, the food is good.  The menu is varied, with a concentration on "Italian" food.  The appetizers were heavy on (raw) seafood and a few salads.  I settled on a  ceviche, which was good, but not a typical ceviche - the chunks of shrimp, fish, octopus were pretty big and not marinated long enough.I had a pasta dish that was simple with truffle oil and mozzarella. It was very good and I would order it again.  Overall, I understand why this place gets the reviews it does - including from my Quebecois coworkers.  It is a bit over-priced, and I question some of the clientele.  If I were entertaining a client or taking a special-someone to a dinner in Montreal, this would not be a first-choice.
5	Amazing food, amazing ambience, amazing crowd!  They ended up giving us free dessert which was soooo good. Highly recommend this place to anyone. We would go back in a heartbeat.
2	Came here based on the decent Yelp reviews and my reaction to the images.It's a nice looking place, spacious, with a lot of tables and a good number of staff on hand. Very business friendly, good for an after work cocktail or a casual business meeting over a meal - not exactly a romantic hot spot or a place to go for a drink "with the lads". I had the lobster; it was flavourless, overly chewy and served with surprisingly sloppy pasta. Extremely disappointing.Sure there are slim waitresses with unnaturally long legs parading about in tiny shorts, but that won't improve the taste or quality of the meal.The cocktails were pretty good however.All in all, not worth the money.
5	Still my favorite Montreal Restaurant after so many years.Great food and ambiance, wonderful friendly service. It is a bit pricey, but I think that it is well worth it.Gianni is always very accommodating and makes you feel like every client is important.
4	I was a bit confused at first with this restaurant turned night club, but once the drinks started flowing, I became a lot more comfortable with dancing with my friends in front of our booth. Endless supply of mixers and top shelf bottles! Great service, except it is possible one of our waitresses was a bit tipsy at the end of the night....
4	Stopped by for lunch.  Was seated on the patio and served by a beautiful waitress - kudos to the uniform designer ;) - they have a great lunch menu that gets you a starter and main dish for $20 - you can't go wrong with that!
4	Enjoyed a wonderful lunch at Cavali's today.The tuna tartar was outstanding and so were the lamb chops.Service was very friendly and attentive.Still one of my favorite places.Thanks Gianni!
4	Just re-opened and the crowd is not back yet. But the food is still on point. I loved the ribeye to death.
4	3.75ish... stars, cool spot.  Food was good.   I ordered the sashimi app, which was really good.  Probably my favorite thing I had there.  Fresh thinly sliced fish with a wonder sweet citrusy sauce.   For an entree, I had the pappardelle.   This is the dish that drops my rating down just a tad.   The dish was good, but the sausage would have been better if it was broken down into smaller chunks.  Noodles, while good, just not as delicate as I would have liked.  I think I've just been spoiled with amazing pappardelle as other restaurants.  Some of my friend's dishes were less successful, but this is a review on my experience.  And for most part, my food was really good.
4	Cavalli!! Its a one of a kind place. Cavalli is all about the atmosphere and the people. It's a very a well dressed trendy crowd. If your looking to eat, drink and flirt in a posh feel atmosphere. You"ll have fun!
