3	Ditto on the Coast to Coast AM. It sucks that Premiere Radio Networks (are they owned by Clear Channel?) syndicates the show, because I hate having to go to the Dark Side to listen to George Noory. What I think's really funny about some of the local KFYI hosts, especially the fill-in hosts, is that Clear Channel is too cheap to give them their own e-mail addresses, so when you listen to their shows, they give a generic Yahoo e-mail address like they're amateurs. (Which, of course, they are, otherwise they'd have an official Clear Channel e-mail address.) Most Arizona natives, of course, know that pre-Clear Channel, pre-Rush KFYI used to be a cool station when they had the likes of Earl Baldwin, Tom Leykis, and some of their colorful overnight hosts. Now, it's like everyone's a carbon copy of Rush and Hannity, except for George Noory and "Coast to Coast AM," which is syndicated. Clear Channel really drove KFYI into the ground.
1	Nothing but reckless far-right rhetoric, lies, & spin! Constant Democrat & Obama-bashing. Instead, listen to 1480 AM KPHX! "Progressive" Talk Radio in Phoenix!  Stephanie Miller in the Mornings, then Thom Hartmann, Randi Rhodes in the afternoon.
2	KFYI 550AM is mainly a right-leaning conservative station. Most of the programs are ideologically conservative. Some of it however is not at all related to politics and deals with current affairs.Pros: KFYI 550 AM is a great supporter of local businesses and often the hosts themselves vouch for many of the local businesses. Ads are predominantly for local businesses.Cons: There are too many ads and they occur too often.Sometimes the hosts delve upon minor issues for too long. Also in order to emphasize their point, they repeat the same message too often. That is great to drive home the point - if you are not very smart. But most people would find it unnecessary repetition.Also, sometimes the hosts, programs and messages border on the ultra-conservative.
5	Simply the best radio station in Phoenix for news and information!  Love their lineup.
