5	Fiesta Grill is the former "Tradiciones" next to the Ranch Market at 16th St. and Roosevelt.   We stopped in for lunch today and it was a great experience.   The service was terrific, the decor was authentic and the food was outstanding.   We started with chips, Salsa and been dip, all of which were very tasty.  I had the combo fajitas which included skirt steak and chicken, one of my companions had the same with the addition of shrimp and another had burrito. Everything was accompanied by homemade guacamole, salsa, rice, been and tortillas.  We all agreed that the food was as good or better than any other place we have been to.   What's fun about dining at the Fiesta Grill is that you feel like you are eating at a restaurant in Mexico.  Everything is authentic from the tile floor to the chandeliers.After lunch we we walked next door to the Ranch Market and walked around.  Going there is like culturally visiting another world.   It is fun, vibrant, colorful with all kinds of unique products.  If you go walk by the meat counter.  There were things there that I hav never seen before!All in all a fun lunch.
5	Met my Niece there for lunch and had the spinach-mushroom enchiladas and they were great!  I highly recommend it as "as good as it gets" Mexican food.  Lately, the Mexican food restaurants have been so Americanized that I have been so disappointed in them all but finally found one that I thought was terrific.
4	My family and I ate at this restaurant last nigt for my birthday.  Did not know it had changed names.  Not even sure if it is still the same management.  Was a little concerned as the sign outside said it was their grand opening and we were the only customers in the restaurant.  The only thing missing was the red salsa.  They had green but no red.  But instead they brought me Pico de gallo which was very good.  I ordered the chilie relleno which was very tasty.  One in our party had the steak fahitas and she was happy with them.  All in all we were all quite happy with the food as well as the service.4 stars due to no red salsa and they also did not have mango for the mango margaritas and I could not understand why they just didn't go next door and buy them.  We had the peach margaritas (frozen) and they were really good.I do miss the little shops that sold goods outside in the court yard.  These gave the place the authentic Mexico feel.
3	Used to go here all the time when it was Tradiciones, we loved it. Decided to try the new place, so took my staff to lunch there. There were only 4 other tables seated, so you would expect GREAT service.  Unfortunately, that was not the case AT ALL. Had to ask the waitress for more salsa 3 different times, she kept forgetting. Had to ask for more chips. Asked for refills on our drinks twice, didn't get the refills until we were done with our meals. With barely any other patrons, you'd think we wouldn't have to ask for ANYTHING at all...but to have to ask repeatedly? Not good.  Mind you, she wasnt busy, she was sitting down with another staff member (the manager I think) in a booth throughout our meal. As for the food, it was great. Chips were great.The iced tea tasted like it was a day or two old, very bitter, but was forced to drink it because the salsa was hot and like I said, she kept forgetting to get our refills (and my new drink). I have to say the courtyard looks great, I love what they did with it. I will give the place anohter shot becuase the food was good and I know that sometimes people only work as hard as they have to. So when its slow, waitresses seem to slack off. BUT I am hoping the owners read this so they can train their staff better. EVERY CUSTOMER COUNTS, not just when you're busy. BTW I am a GREAT tipper....this girl could have made a nice penny from my table alone had she cared enough to pay attention.
2	Stopped in to this new place for lunch today, joined by Arlin B.  This is a huge restaurant formerly occupied by Tradiciones, which was also a Mexican restaurant.I ordered a Chile Relleno combo from the Lunch Menu, & added a shredded beef taco.The positives:*The taste & temperature of the food was ok, the basket of chips came with cups of both red & green salsa.The negatives:*The service was very amateurish & slow.  We both had to restate our orders several times.  It took a long time to be served, with my food arriving at least 10 minutes before Arlin's, I think!  (This is early in the day when there were almost no other customers in the place!)*  My Chile Relleno was just ONE little Anaheim chile!  In my experience, if a restaurant is going to serve this chile, you always get TWO of them.  Otherwise, it should be a big Pablano chile.*  The other portions were small too.  (The refried beans amounted to a couple of bites!)*  The price was NOT small!  My Chile Relleno plate was $7.59 + $2.99 for a taco on the side=$10.58  That's way too much for what it was & no, there were no two item combinations available.The taste of the food saves this one from one Star, barely.     :-(
