5	I stopped by today (Opening Day) after a coworker told me Toss't had finally opened. While my coworker opted for the make-your-own-salad deal ($6.35 for the base, protein & cheese extra) and a juice for lunch, I chose a carrot, blueberry, apple juice for an afternoon snack. I was greeted by friendly staff and a bright, clean restaurant, but noticed a lack of ample seating options for those frequent rainy Pittsburgh days. The staff walked through the menu with me and handed me some coupons for a future visit. Once I decided on my juice of choice, I walked to the register and was surprised with my total. $2.67 for 16 oz of fresh juice. The same juice would cost me upwards of $8 at the East End Food Co-Op. To boot? It's flippin' delicious.I will definitely be back, most likely on a daily basis, to try more of their juices and salads. My coworker's salad choice looked amazing and the bread that came with it looked moist and chock full of awesome (seeds and nuts). I can't wait to try it all!
1	Usually I'm the one to allow people to try things for themselves. I understand people have different expectations when it comes to food establishments and I would not want to hurt the business in anyway, but I feel like I have to express my experience there.I've been trying to eat healthier lately but I'm not too big on vegetables, so I figured a wrap from this place would be a good start. First of all, try to avoid going to this place during the actual lunch rush hour. Its door is inconveniently located on the corner of two moderately foot-heavy streets. The line is out the door and since there is one person taking the order of people that take 5 minutes deciding on what they want... you're quickly sandwiched and frustrated.  That, however, isn't what made me give this establishment a low rating. As mentioned before, I'm not big on vegetables, so I got something simple. (Mesclun Mix, Chicken, Bacon bits, parmesan cheese, tortilla chips, with medium salad dressing on a wrap.) Keep in mind that a wrap is 6.50 and everything was free minus the meats and cheese. My total came out to about $12, which I personally think is way too much for a simple salad like that. When they called my name (which was switched to a name I didn't even say), I noticed that my wrap became a salad bowl. I wasn't going to make a big thing out of it until my co-worker...who also wanted a wrap, got a bowl as well. When we went to go eat the salad, we immediately noticed how dry the salad was. Maybe that part was my fault for thinking that "medium" sauce was more than what it was, but it was very, very dry. The staff was very nice and I'm thinking I had a rare experience there, but I can't honestly recommend this place for the average person looking for a quick custom-made salad. It's too expensive for what is given.  I'm sure if you order one of their specialty salads it's worth it, but...it wasn't for me. I only give this a one because of what I experienced and to humble the overall score a little bit. I feel like some people here are over reacting this store a bit.
5	Anyone who frequently travels to DC and NYC knows the wonder that is Chop't and/or Sweetgreen. Until now, there wasn't a similar option in Pittsburgh, which boggled my mind. The concept is perfect for the Downtown lunch crowd. I had the opportunity to check it out last week, and it lived up to expectations. Quick service, fresh ingredients, and dressings that really make the veggies pop. This is my new go-to for a healthy lunch out.
2	This place needs a bit of work. Customers should not have to wait 10+ minutes for a salad. When I order a menu salad and 86 the meat I shouldn't be charged the same price. Paid $12 for a bowl of veggies and dressing because I did not want the hunk of salmon. The cashier was also a bit on the surly side when I asked about the pricing without meat. I love the concept, and the salads are good, but there are definitely things that need to improve. The man standing next to me in the CROWD of people waiting for their salads remarked that he was starting to miss meetings.  I'll try again in a few months when they've hopefully worked out the kinks and maybe their prices will be a bit more realistic for a "lunch" restaurant.
1	Today around 12:30 I went in for lunch.  After waiting 10 minutes from the time I ordered I received my custom salad (nothing special romaine, quinoa, tomatoes, cucumbers, and balsamic).  I walked back to work to eat at my desk and realized they gave me the wrong order (different type of lettuce, shrimp, carrots).  I had to walk back so they could correct my order AND THEN they almost gave my corrected order to another person.  REALLY INEFFICIENT WAY OF DOING BUSINESS.
3	Give this salad place a little "thyme" and I bet it'll be "dressed" just right.  As an avid fan of the countless DIY salad joints in NYC, I could not WAIT for Toss't to open.  It's predecessor Hello Bistro! is awesome, but not located downtown, unfortunately (yet).  So, off to Toss't I went and I wasn't really disappointed. My salad consisted of romaine hearts, seaweed salad (awesome option), pita chips, strawberries, shrimp and cilantro dressed in a jalapeno dressing.  Aside from the lack of spice in the dressing, I'd say it was a really solid salad.  Could've been a few more shrimpies, but I'm over it.  What will keep me from frequenting Toss't is the wait time.  There are so few tables, so you're basically getting it to go.  That being said, when there are more than 10 people waiting at a time, just standing in one another's way, the joint gets chaotic.  Not sure what the solution here is, but Valozzi's looked pretty empty in the adjoining bar area.  Maybe have a temporary waiting are in there? Just sayin...
2	Went to Tosst for the fourth time since they've opened and generally they are ok... The last time I went they made the salad excellent with lots of the toppings I chose.Today however, even though I was the only one IN the place ordering...somehow they forgot to put TWO of the toppings I chose and what I ended up having was $9 bowl of argula with a few chickpeas and broccoli in it. How do you completely NOT put TWO ingredients when there's only ONE person ordering??!!The ironic thing is I was just telling them how much better they;ve become since their opening and I put $1 in the tip jar. Ill probably go there again because its really the only place downtown that lets you make salads like this. But from now on I'll have to physically open up my salad while in the store to check that they;ve put everything I've asked for in there. Last time I actually waited 25 minutes for my salad during the lunch rush. I understand it was busy ...but 25 minutes for a salad when there are 7 people working behind the counter?? Come on...
4	The Thai One On salad was very good.  Seaweed salad in a greens salad?  Yes, please.  Dressing was excellent.  Veggies were fresh.  9.50 is on the high side for a salad to go but I'll definitely be back!
4	I'm always down for a healthy option for lunch.  I find nothing worse than heading out for a bite and coming back to the office looking for the closest desk with a bed under it.That notion aside, I'm glad Vallozzi's decided to replace Mattinero with Toss't (update your website!).  What was a forgettable take out spot has transformed into another formidable choice of Market Square restaurants that help feed the proper take-out vibe on a sunny day.The wife and I both stopped in around 11:30 and were the only customers in line (two others were checking out).  Based on Vallozzi's beet and goat cheese salad, I immediately decided on a similarly based, equally good tasting, per-determined menu offering (can't remember the name, but mixed greens, goat cheese, beets, mixed berries, mixed dried berries, etc.) and added grilled salmon.  The wife got an Asian inspired shrimp, noodle, and seaweed mix that was great as well.  Both came with a great multi-grain bread on the side.It only took about 3 minutes to receive our orders (obviously they were dead), and considering the average cost of a similar salad at any other restaurant, I actually found Toss't to be a steal (though still not exactly cheap).  While I won't constant Toss't (I rarely frequent any place), it will definitely be top of list anytime I'm craving a veggie fixin'!
1	I really really wanted this place to be awesome.  Not only is it not even close to being only 'okay'... the service is SO bad that I will not go back.  I have yet to receive my order with the right ingredients and they don't even cut them into portions small enough to eat.  Be sure to get a knife to cut things up and watch them like a hawk as they add the fixings you request and pay for!  Oh... and when you try to call and speak with someone... anyone.... to let them know... forget about it.  They won't answer.  Much work to do to get this place right.
1	This was my first time here and i was pretty excited to try it. I got the Borderline and it had no flavor to it other than the lettuce and dressing which was tasted just like olive oil. The chicken and lettuce tasted a little funny. A coworker said the same thing about he salad. I didn't even find the cheese in it or the pico de gallo. It was definitely overpriced for what you get. I don't think i'll be going back.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place!! I've been working downtown for 4 years now, and it is not easy to find healthy lunch options (especially ones that taste good & leave you satisfied). I usually end up stopping in at a place like DiBella's or Chipotle trying to pick something that won't leave me feeling guilty, but I usually fail, spending more and eating more than I want to. I was very excited to see this new salad place open up, and even more excited about how great it was after trying it!! If you order a customized salad and skip out on the protein option (meats) and cheese option, you can leave paying about $6.50. As you add meat, cheese, or extras, you'll end up spending more. It can be pricey for salad, but they DO use very high quality & healthy ingredients (like kale & spinach, quinoa, goat cheese, cashews, free range chicken, edamame, blueberries, wild grilled salmon, etc etc). To save money, I like to add cashews or some other type of non-meat protein & pay less than $9. I am more than willing to pay this much for a salad when I know that I am getting the highest quality & healthiest ingredients. They give you a pretty good sized portion, and it is the only place I've found where the food is delicious, I feel satisfied for hours afterward, and I still feel great about what I've eaten!This has quickly become my favorite lunch spot downtown. It can get very busy, but calms down late in the afternoon. It is also noteworthy to mention that the people who work here are extremely nice! After reading some of the older reviews here, it seems as if this place has come a long way. Every time I've been there it has been overstaffed, making the service pretty fast, but not so fast that I'm not getting what I ordered or receiving poorly made food.I can't say enough great things about this place & highly recommend it!
4	Great Salad. I had the Borderline, it was well dressed and had excellent flavor. So glad they put a place like this in downtown PGH.  Slightly overpriced and not much room to wait while they are prepping your salad.  I will definitely be back!
5	Can't beat the selection (seaweed salad- yum) and friendly service! Love the pre-designed salad or make your own options. Service was quick and the salad was a generous size, I got shrimp in mine and there was almost too much to eat :) will definitely make this my go to lunch spot whenever I'm downtown. Only suggestion- make a chopped up option so it's easier to eat bite size when your in a hurry Can't wait to try more salad creations yummm
1	Completely disappointed. I used to frequent a restaurant in Oakland, Hello Bistro, that has a similar concept to Toss't but is much better. The staff wasn't very friendly, they rushed me out of the restaurant (even though in was the only person in there at the time), the ingredients were no where near as fresh as they claim them to be, and it was way over priced. I had to give it one star but if I could I would give it zero. I'm sorry to say this, but I would never go back and I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
4	I had been wanting to come here since it opened, but was a bit weary from the reviews.  How can you just completely not get an item you requested?  it's not that complicated. However, I was completely pleased on my visit here today - minus the temperatures.  Seriously, if it is 19 degrees outside and your heat isn't working, a sign on the door wouldn't kill you.  I ordered the Salmon Cobb.  Delicious cold grilled wild salmon - wild salmon is so hard to find in restuarants and is really the only acceptable salmon to eat.  Seriously.. farmed salmon is a disaster to the fish and the ecosystem.  Bacon, avocado, local goat cheese, sunflower seeds and an awesome light white sangria vinegarette.  All in all, an awesome salad topped with a lovely piece of multi-grain bread.  The nice thing - for those of us that are counting calories - is that on their site, they list out what the salads are calorie-wise, so you can check it out before you come in or on your phone.  All are really pretty reasonable.  They have local juices that look amazing - but be warned.  A tiny bottle will put you back 6 bucks.  To me, that is a bit too pricey for a tiny thing of juice.  It appears as if they sometimes make juice smoothies there, but they didn't today - or maybe in the winter at all?  Hard to say.  My salad plus bottle of Evian cost 13 bucks.  While that might be a bit steep, it's no worse than most of the better restaurants around that shop - Nola, Vallozzi's - and was definitely on par or even better than their salads.
3	I decided to try Toss't for lunch, hoping it would be similar to Salad Works, a create-your-own salad chain that is common in the East. I found it to be somewhat similar, in that there was a variety of topping/dressing/base options. I decided to create my own salad, and I was pleased with all of the organic/fresh choices. The mixed greens were very fresh, as were my english cucumbers, freshly shucked corn, and heirloom cherry tomatoes.I decided to forego meat and opted for white chedar. I had them toss my salad with a little bit of balsamic, and the dressing amount was just right. I added a small bottle of Evian, and my total came to about $10. Perhaps a little pricey for a salad sans meat, but I was thankful for all of the fresh toppings. It's tough to find delicious salads in Pittsburgh. I would definitely recommend creating your own salad. My friend ordered a salad off the menu and it look just ok. The dressing was very pink, which threw me off, and the romaine was lacking in green-ness. Also, the space is very small, so if you decide to go around lunch time, be prepared to wait for a table or else take your salad back to work.Perhaps the fact that it wasn't super busy at 12:30 is telling.
2	I really wanted to love Toss't, but it just didn't deliver for me. However, with a few minor changes, I think the restaurant could really improve itself.When entering with my friend, I sat down to reserve the last available table while she ordered. She sat down and said, "I think I'm deaf!" referring to the fact that she had to have the employees repeat themselves multiple times. I wouldn't have thought much of it until I got in line as well and had the poor girl repeat herself 3-4 times. Please speak up! If someone asks you to repeat yourself once or twice, they will not hear you any better if you continue to speak softly.My next frustration was with the ordering process. One of my favorite restaurants in my hometown makes very customizable stir-fry. They provide laminated menus right by the front door where you can stand and take your time checking the ingredients that you want in your dish. For some reason, Toss't fills out your choices for you. I stood in line for a couple minutes behind a customer slowly selecting the ingredients for his custom salad as the employee checked the ingredients for him. I believe that the process could be expedited if this "middle man" step was eliminated.Finally, I was underwhelmed by my $7.50 salad. I ordered the beets n' berries signature salad. I only eat the leafy, green pieces of romaine, and my salad was filled with the horribly thick, white chunks. The bumbleberry green tea vinaigrette was possibly the worst salad dressing that I've ever had. It was not only thin but also sickeningly sweet. I literally picked out the strawberries, the goat cheese, and a few blueberries and threw away 75% of this disappointing salad. The best part of my meal was my cute little bottle of Diet Coke and delicious bag of Food Should Taste Good sweet potato chips.
5	Grabbed lunch here yesterday, and I must say, I was pleasantly surprised.  Everything was great.  I was in and out in about 5 minutes and my salad was great!  I got the King Cobb (no bacon, sub egg) with the suggested dressing, and I loved it!  My friend got a side of the ginger dressing that we used to dip our bread in, and that dressing... wow.. i'll definitely be trying that on whatever salad I get next time.. it was delish! :)
5	Have returned to Toss't a few times since my original review, and I'm hooked :)  Everytime I've eaten here it's been amazing, and I may be guilty for the addiction of my co-workers as well.  So good!  The last couple of times I've been there I've ordered a custom salad with the amazing ginger dressing I mentioned in my review, and I am so in love.  Do yourself a favor and go there.  go now!
5	I go back almost every week. I end up eating out around once a week and am glad there's actually a place to go to that isn't burgers, pizza, or burritos. Little pricey but I think for the fresh ingredients like avocados and whatnot it's worth it.
5	I'm so happy to have found this place. I recently moved back to Pittsburgh and was sad to find so few restaurants that offer healthy options and even fewer with vegan choices. Toss't offers both! I had an amazing salad and was so excited that I bought a juice too! I can't find juice places anywhere downtown that don't add protein or other additives (maybe I just haven't found them yet). Everything was great, the staff were so friendly and helpful. I was just a little surprised to hear my total but the whole experience was worth every penny. I'll definitely be back but next time I won't let my eyes be bigger than my stomach :)
2	While the King Cobb Salad I had today was good, and worth the $11 charged,  the absolute pitiful and downright rude attitude of the 30-year old-ish blond making salads is enough reason to not go back.  She clearly does not belong in the service industry.The staff doesn't wear aprons, and so the front of their shirts get filthy.On the positive side, the younger cashier girl was friendly and efficient.Au Bon Pain a few blocks away offers similar salads at cheaper prices, and consistently delivers friendly service.
5	Very good, fresh, local, organic ingredients.  You can really tell the difference too.  Service was friendly and fast. The salad was a nice size as well. The only negative is the price, but quality local ingredients are worth it.
5	Friendly staff, fresh veg, delicious options. What are you waiting for?
2	Service was apathetic and cold. The Beets and Berries salad was ruined by watery dressing that did nothing to lift the flavor of the flavorless ingredients.  The beets were hard. I ate the goat cheese, blueberries, and strawberries, of which none were plentiful. What a waste of money this was.
3	I love the salad I end up with.. but the price to get there is not OK.  I pay $12 for romaine, salmon, red onions, avocado, goat cheese and the honey basil dressing.  I realize there's an up charge for some of those items, but come on, I'm not getting anything else!Anyways, I've had consistently good salads until today.  I got my normal salad.  The girl gave me half an avocado, but did not slice it up, saying that it would break up when she mixed up the salad (bs).  Also, the goat cheese looked like cream cheese spread.  She proceeded to put two spoonfuls in my salad like dollops of  whipped cream.  Not only is that disgusting to come past globs of cheese, but when I finally do find the cheese in my large salad, I don't have enough salad to eat it with.  I've never had this girl make my salad before (short straight blonde hair)... and I don't plan on her making me one in the future.  The taste is all there... but for $12 I wish I could get all 4 solid ingredients in one bite. Lastly, each employee has a different definition of what light, medium or heavy dressing means.  My normal girl gets medium right every time... but this time it medium was drenched.Oh well.. I'll give it another try I'm sure.
2	The salad was fine.  The service however... the worst!  I felt like they were sooo put out that they had to make my salad!  I would have rather gone behind the counter and put it together myself.  Seriously- what's with the attitude?  They were not helpful at all in explaining any of the options and I felt had to pry answers out of them. I just wanted to pay and get out of there. What an unfriendly experience... my first and last visit- I won't be back!
4	Delicious salads however you want!  I lived in NYC and you could always find a quickly tossed salad to go to keep you commuting food on the healthier side.  Great selection and fresh.  It is not cheap, but affordable for a good quality, fast meal.  I highly recommend the corn agave dijon dressing.
3	One of the very few places to have a good salad in Pittsburgh. If it was in Chicago or NYC it may get lower ratings. Only good option for salad if you can ignore their bad attitude. Most of them are like those workplace D-bags who you want to avoid during your coffee-breaks. But salads are good. As I said, just ignore those people working there. Dont think that they are humans and you are good. Enjoy the kale/spinach base and get back to work :)
1	Ah, Toss'd. Evidence of inefficient markets in action. The only reason this place exists is that there are no local competitors. Coming from New York, I compare them against my local favorites Chop't, Sweetgreen, JustSalad, etc. Toss'd is consistently the worst salad option I have ever had.Bad cooks: The staff are not professional cooks. Mind you, this is salad, yet somehow they manage to mess up even raw food. They slice their food painfully slowly. They don't know how to chop up meat, so expect enormous 1 inch cubes of chicken and awkwardly large florets of kale, broccoli, and lettuce. Conveniently, this rule doesn't seem to apply to their avocado slicing technique. They also don't know the proper ratio between topping and base, so there always seems to be a preponderance of leaves in my salad.Unhygienic: They chop up buckets of broiled chicken breasts right in front of you in the salad line, apparently using the same knives they use to chop their salads. The cashier handled food and wasn't wearing gloves. They also don't replace the mats where they scoop up the salad from one customer to the next. The staff don't wear aprons and they usually look tired and dirty.Unprofessional: The staff are comically rude and untrained. There is a girl with short straight blond hair whose only apparent function is to toss salads, yet she never asks whether you want lemon, pepper, or salt, so you have to yell it at her as she has her back turned to you. Expect an eye roll and probably no lemon to boot. There is another black lady who doesn't know what quinoa is, and consistently gives me attitude when I correct her, "No, sorry, that's edamame..."Inefficient: The staff do not know how to divide up their tasks, so it always feels like they're scrambling to figure out what they should be doing next. The space is poorly laid out. There is no indoor seating area and is not equipped to handle the lunch time rush.Unstocked: They always seem to be out of some key ingredient. They almost never have the adobe chicken the menu claims to list. Other items that may or may not be there, depending on how the wind blows that day: quinoa, seaweed salad, shrimp, lime, and various dressings.
3	So, I have a love hate relationship with Toss't or Earth which it is now called.The Love: I am single and buy groceries for one so I don't often have a lot of different produce sitting around because it will spoil before I can use it all. It is great to be able to get a good salad downtown. This is the only salad shop of its kind in downtown Pittsburgh at least that I know of. Also, they allow you to switch out some options of pre-made salads which is great because their pre-made salads are cheaper than if you made your own salad choosing the same ingredients.The Hate: They are often out of ingredients. Over half the time I am there I have to substitute ingredients for ingredients in my salad that they are out of. The most frustrating thing though is when they forget ingredients in my salad. This has happened numerous times. They have forgotten the goat chesse (a $1.25 charge) the avocado (and today they forgot the salmon (a $3 charge). Unfortunately, I always get them to go so by the time I realize I can't do anything about it. I shouldn't have to scrutinize the making of my salad to make sure they include all the ingredients.Really, if it weren't for the fact that expensive ingredients get left out of my salad I would have given 5 stars, but I hate that I've probably lost about $10 so far in forgotten ingredients (I've gone here about once a week for a few months). If you are ok with that or you really watch what they put in your salad I would definitely say go.
5	If you're looking for a better salad option downtown, I recommend Fresh Express in Fifth Avenue Place. Efficient, friendly service, quality salad items, and good prices.
