4	Avis Preferred is a great service and when you rent via corporate account your fully insured. Upon arrival here your name will be posted with your location of the car and you can proceed directly to depart the rental facility.  In addition, Avis preferred clients get vehicle upgrades and free weekend rentals.
4	We had a red eye flight into Vegas, however when we did arrive at Vegas the Avis check in for the car was smooth and the staff were helpful.The Kia that they had picked out for us was brand new with less than 500 miles. The car was clean and smelled new instead of like cigarette smoke.The pricing was reasonable too, we would definitely get a rental from AVIS again.Editors Note (Dave):  Just like in the commercials, we walked to our car directly from the baggage claim, the trunk was open and ready for us, we got in, made a short stop at the gate, and went about our business.  If only this level of service was around the rest of the commercial world.
1	We booked a rental from Priceline and thought we got a good deal.  So we were offered an upgrade for additional $7/day times 5 days.. so we were thinking an additional $35 plus taxes and fees.. no more than $50 for more room and comfort in a rental.  When we returned the car we were charged $100+.  And we had already paid $155 to priceline for the rental. Avis claimed that Priceline did not pay them the right cut from the deal so they had to add it on to the customers bill.  We felt that was so wrong and had a huge dispute over it.  I think my bf almost made the lady cry.  But she was unprofessional and was telling us the wrong things.  She didn't know what she was saying.  At least the manger was able to tell something but still was no help.  Bottom line, we are never going to rent from Avis again or from a third party or UPGRADE.   What had happened was we were charged twice for the fees which were suppose to be Avis' cut from the deal.  We ended up doing a claim with American Express to get our money refunded... it's still pending... so I hope we get our money back because we got ripped off.
1	Do NOT rent from Avis unless you have the time to read every single thing and are able to resist the person behind the counter urging you to just sign.   What a scam!   My husband and I are pretty savvy and travel a lot but we were pressured into signing an agreement when they gave an excuse for the additional cost.   What a shock when we returned the car!   And another couple of our shuttle said the same thing.  Guy behind the counter was sleezier than a used car salesman.   I felt it when I left the counter but was anxious to start our vaca.   Won't make that mistake again.   I like to believe the best in people and you should be able to.
1	Be aware! Never ever rent a car from this location!! their employees are thieves!!! I have never been so sure of myself that I accidentally left my shoes under the car seat, called their lost and found but said they were closed on weekends. So I called back on a monday but by that time they said they rented the vehicle to others already and no shoes were found. So either the employee that cleaned the car stole my shoes or they simply did not follow company procedure to fully inspect the vehicle before renting it back out again.  Terrible customer service and very bad management! They need to do a better background check on some of their employees. Something needs to be done about this.....zero stars if  I could
5	There are two Avis' with the same address on Yelp.... hate when that happens... regardless..Scenario goes down like this: 3 hours before we need to be at the airport, the Boyfriend checks out our Itinerary to Las Vegas complete with different companies rental car we booked months ago and decides that the reviews are horrendous enough for us to cancel said reservation. In retrospect, it would have been a headache!! We re-book with Avis for a standard car and head to the airport.Avis was great and got us into a car immediately, the whole landing without checked luggage, and renting a car with a reservation took like 40 mins tops. Even got an upgrade on the class of car!Will rent from them again.
5	So I score a great deal on priceline for a 4-day rental at $90 with fees for a Toyota Corolla or similar.........I show up and am offered a convertible mustang with 8000 miles for only $10 per day more?  Heck yeah buddy, we cruised to LA for 3 nights and  then back with this BEAST of a car, can you say awesome?  Thanks AVIS!
1	no greeting - 4 staff members stare into the abyss of their electronics (personal) - I purposely wait for someone.  I am there to trade out a car I rented in my home town, but the AC went out on the way to Las Vegas (do you need to say more? it was 102 degrees that day) I get blank stares, as in. "so what's the problem, then?" -  I explain that the AC goes off and on.. on 1 minute, off 20 - and this goes for a 4 hour drive. I am miserable, again, "so?"   I need another car, and AVIS National made a note to my account, via the car ID #.. to which I receive this reply, "oh no they dintnt! see? look here, (she turns the screen to me - to view the "proof" that there are no notes)  Does Low IQ come to mind? really?  I've worked in enough systems to know there are many screens and brains needed to find them....  They then tell me where the nearest gas station is to go fill up - I refuse on account of the situation (the errand, not the $) and I offer to pay for the gas, but I'll be damned if you're going to ask ME to go "just 'round the corner over there" to put gas in their faulty 2014 car.  Incredible.Finally, the brains of the operation came down.  His name was Manager.  I know this because he introduced himself as such when he walked in. "I'm the Manager" to which I replied, "Hi, 'Manager' " ...   at least he came through with the best solution, even after his Ego-centric intro.    No more AVIS.. ever again, and it's too bad because my local guys are awesome.
1	Do not rent from Avis. We extended our car rental for a week they did not enter in the computer nor did they disclose the fees. All the fees were more than the car rental. Horrible customer service and manager was not helpful at all.
