5	Forgive me Yelp community, but I had to do it.  I have heard about the Vig opening a new location for months.  Many friends were telling me about the location.  A good yoga friend is actually the designer on the project.  For these reasons and that I really wanted a Vig Azz Burger today(with the fried egg), I had to be there for the FTR.  This place is a goldmine, literally, it was a site of a former neighborhood bank.  I mentioned that on the review that was offered after the meal and my willingness to invest ( i wish...)!  Ask for Raven, she will take great care of you.Imagine the Vig Arcadia, with more of an indoor/outdoor feel and the prerequisite bocce court.  The vibe is similar, yet more open.  From the moment you chance upon the exterior, your not quite sure what is to come.  The anticipation builds, so no interior photos for you on this review!  You have to visit and see for yourself!  I like that and much more.  There is even a firepit!   Go once, go back, go often, but first, just GO to the Vig Uptown, you will not be disappointed.
4	The Vig Uptown is a textural dream. For me? This will definitely be a recurring one. Maybe it was the unique "cactus columns" upon walking in or the herb garden to the left, but there is truly something charming and down to earth about the new Vig location.Do some research and modern enthusiasts will quickly find that the remodel of The Vig Uptown was originally Ralph Haver's AIA Award winning 1961 Arizona Bank building. Sweet....The Vig's food is pretty good. What's great about their menu is that they offer a range of dishes to choose from (many items the same from the Arcadia Vig) so surely there is something for everyone.I always seem to drink wine when I'm at the Vig Arcadia but I couldn't look past the "Take Bethany Home" (Clever!) with Crop Organic Cucumber Vodka, Watermelon Puree, Fresh Lemon & Agave Nectar. A fantastic name with a drink to match.The booths at this place are huge, great for happy hour (1/2 off Apps and $2 off drinks) We sat at the tables by the bar but the patio looked fun and I'll have to feel that space out next time.True to it's predecessor, although it was the "soft opening" there was already the parking nightmare we've all come to know and (not) love about many places in the valley. But surely, a good dream is always worth revisiting.
5	What an awesome experience! This is an adaptive reuse project that rivals Parlor or St Francis in every way.  The inside is gorgeous with bright colors, natural textures, and inviting seating.  The outside is bright, airy, shaded, and relaxing.  I can't say enough about the amazing renovation that was done to this old bank.Being that I've never been to the Arcadia version, I wasn't exactly sure what to expect.  Since the primary reason I had never been to the Arcadia site is the parking nightmare, I was not surprised to see a similar issue here.  We, luckily, showed up at 4 before they got slammed and were able to park right up front.  We were seated on the patio and loved everything about it.  Our waitress was Raven (whom John H also recommends) and she was great.  Very helpful and friendly.  I have to say, for an upscale place with a snooty vibe, the service was impeccable!  She kept our drinks full and kept the table clear of used dishes.We started with the crab and artichoke dip.  It came with these weird sweet potato chips that were covered in some spice combination I couldn't quite place.  The chips were thick and firm with a lot of flavor.  The dip was full of crab (surprising) and had a great texture to it.  I really enjoyed it.For my entree I had a pork tenderloin salad.  It was possibly the strangest looking thing on the menu and I just couldn't resist.  The tenderloin was sliced into about 9 pieces and displayed very nicely over the bed of arugula, dried fruit, hazelnuts, and some wicked lemon dressing.  It was an awesome combo that was EXACTLY what I had been looking for that day.  Really enjoyed it!Happy hour is something like 3-6 with half off most appetizers and like $2 off drinks.  The menu is pricey but not Scottsdale pricey and I feel like the value is there.  Sit outside, if you can.  You won't regret it.  I'm glad we went for the opening because I doubt I'll ever be able to get back in here once the neighborhood finds out what a jewel they have.
5	I am thrilled the Vig has moved to the Central Phoenix hood. Make sure you try the "Take Bethany Home" beverage...my favorites - cucumber vodka, watermelon, fresh lemon & agave nectar.
2	Went and visited the new Vig last night. As a huge fan of the original Vig in Arcadia area I was excited one opened closer to where I live.Pros-Food was very good.  Had the VIGAZZBurger with the fired egg was a lot of food which the average person won't finish and tasted great.  My date also had a burger and thought it was great as well.  The onion rings were excellent and I suggest over the fries. We had the crab artichoke dip to start had to send first one back as it was cold but they fixed  it quickly and the second one was fine.  Note I am not faulting them on this I realize they just opened and takes time to get things right.A pro on a con is that they offer free ValetCons-The parking is a nightmareThe atmosphere of the design is cold and uninviting.  I like industrial buildings but the decor needs to be warm and inviting.  Example the new postino's down the street The "Patio"- What a joke!!!  The "patio" is a mess.  The city must have made them enclose it.  No way they drew this patio up to be what it is.  It's not a patio at all it's fully enclosed with  windows that open around the upper half of the walls.  The lower half is concrete block and the ceiling is high and unfinished.  It's wasn't that busy when I went at the patio sounded like a cafeteria.  The bocce court is signature Vig I just wish the 10 yr old boys running weren't around and throwing the balls all over as with the design of this so called "patio" made it even louder.     I think anyone who is a fan of the original Vig like me would agree that they missed the mark on this location.  At the original Vig being on the patio on a nice day with a bottle of wine  is a great way to spend an afternoon.  Either they were forced or by choice got away from what makes The Vig well The Vig.   So food I would give 4 stars the building and atmosphere 1 star.  I will be back if I am in the area to grab a  good burger. I won't be going out of my way  to visit like  I do at the original Vig.
1	Where to begin?The staff is cold and uninviting.  Rolling eyes at the inconvenience of patrons trying to navigate past servers, searching various corridors trying to find the bathroom.Design / architecturally is fine.  Very current.The atmosphere at the bar was horrendous.  Vulgar.  Drunks.If you are a twice divorced post-middle age slightly overweight dude.... this is your place.  Enjoy.
3	Yea, I would say that the place misses what the original Vig has, mainly warmth. Food was average, not bad, nothing to dream about and want to run back for. Had steak sandwich, not that interesting, basic. 14.00 was a bit steep I thought. Signature cocktails list, all 9 bucks. Kind of steep I think in this economy. My buddy had Pad Thai, which if your going to do a varied menu and add unexpected dishes from other parts of the world, you better do it well. This was not the case. Bland. I would guess that they do not have a Wok in the kitchen, which is really needed for Asian Pad Thai, because of the high heat. For the interior. Very masculine, needs to be warmed up. The "patio", is very stark. Reminded me of a waiting area at an airport, very sterile. The other odd design element is the bar area. You would think with this large space, the owners would have been licking their chops to do a large bar, especially after years of having a smaller bar at the original Vig. This is not the case at all. I think I counted 12 bar stools? They could have made the bar much larger and wrapped it into the kitchen. Really missed an opportunity. Another very odd design choice to do the front door and window in an orange plexi. The exterior light coming through gives a very odd, sort of dirty, hot orange glow, that takes away from the stained glass windows. It reminds me of a hot, polluted day over the valley in Los Angeles. Interesting, but erie at the same time. Does not make me want to eat. Strange choice.Did love the wood panels though. The acoustics are also pretty bad. Very loud, hard to have a conversation. Hey, maybe they are aware of some of this and are already working to warm up the space. I hope so. This space just does not have what The Vig on 40th Street has. Warmth and soul.Oh, and if you really want to read what this place is all about, read Brad H. review on his experience of The Vig, which he sees as positive. What I get from his review and where we differ is, if you like hanging out with Duesh bags that need to buy a high end ride to impress and spend way too much time in the gym, then this indeed is the place for you. No, your not going to see too many downtown urban types in this place, or hybrid cars for that matter. Its Scottsdale in Central Phoenix, thats for sure
4	Okay, so we gave the Vig a chance after trying for a few months to get in at a reasonable wait.  Enough time has passed that the fad-of-the-moment crowd has subsided and you can actually get a table on a Saturday night.  We've gone three times so far with friends and each time the experience has been fun. I do enjoy the grapefruit cocktail but it's a bit sweet.  Order it with the rim salted and now we're talking. We enjoy sitting on the "patio" and even though technically you are still in the building, the airyness of it seems like you are outside and it feels cavernous. The interior design is amazing with a few show-stopping elements like the plant wall that greets you at the entrance and the reclaimed flooring now used as an architectural element behind and above the host stand.  It's illuminated from behind casting a combination of amber light and warm shadows heightened by the horizontal planes. The fireplace on the patio and bocci ball field are whimsical elements complimented by a box of trivial pursuit questions on the table. Definite plus for conversation starters for sure. My favorite dish, hands down is the Salmon.  I'm not a huge cooked fish fan but this is one tasty dish.  The fish is caramelized to just the right level of crispness while the interior is flaky and juicy. The burgers are respectable and the roast beef au jus is fantastic..tho a little more meat and a little less bread would be perfect.In sum, the Vig uptown is a great place to go with friends to have great conversation and pretty good service.  It's a bit noisy for a first date or romantic meal but for a group of friends it's pitch perfect. We plan on returning often and including it in our rotation of favorite spots.
2	Tonight I attended the Yelp mixer organized by Andrew- the rsvp showed 10 people but being the social Yelpers that we are, over 20 people ended up showing up to check out the Vig Uptown.My friends and I ordered the crab/artichoke dip, hummus dip, guacamole and salsa, and their chicken flat bread from their happy hour menu.  The food was excellent, everything morsel delicious.The manager came over several times to see if everything was fine which was great.  What fell short was the service provided by the waiter.He appeared to be completely overwhelmed by a party of twenty, showing up at various times.  I was there at 5pm and left around 6:30pm, in that span of time I had one drink.  I saw a drink floating by that looked interesting and managed to flag down the waiter.  He told me the Vig did not serve a drink that I was describing which I saw less than 10 mins prior to speaking to him . . . okay- but he did not ask me if I wanted another drink instead.  In the 1 1/2 hours that I was there, pretty much everyone had one order of drink even though quite a few of my fellow Yelpers were saying they would like another of their scrumpious alcoholic beverage.  I was there to eat and to drink- I probably would have had 3 drinks, for sure 2 if the waiter had been more on his toes.So no more than 2 stars for lack of service . . .
4	In Phoenix for the weekend and met some friends here for a birthday celebration. I've heard about the original Vig and have been excited to know that one was coming to North Central. The reputation did not disappoint. The building is beautiful, the parking lot is full of expensive cars and the place is full of beautiful people eating, drinking and playing bocce ball. No ironic hipsters here drinking PBR, this is a place where you want to be in shape, dress up and head out for a fun night. They even have a "Vig Rig" to give rides to from the bar to people who've had too much to drink. I was just there to socialize so I didn't get a chance to try the food, but friends said it was good. Its exciting to see a new place like this in the area and nice to know that good restaurants and bars can continue to succeed and thrive in Central Phoenix.
2	I am so torn between 2 & 3 stars. This new "Vig" just... wasn't. It just wasn't the Vig I'm coming to know & love.We showed up around 12 or so on April First Friday.Parking is a disaster here too. Hello Shasta. Lots of people park anywhere else BUT the Vig lot. At least you don't have to park across the street, just next door.The door guy does not really check ID's. He just looked at us & waved us in.The architecture is cool. It's open & the ceiling is tall. It's not as cramped. Lots of gray, concrete, rust colored metal, & some wooden accents. So, the inside is ok. Better than the other Vig.Put up a clear, easy to read sign pointing to where the restrooms are! Do it NOW. Everyone wants to walk back to where the kitchen is. Nope, restrooms are right where the patio starts in the back on the left.The patio sucks. It's more like an extension of the inside. Not as lounge-like as the other Vig. It's closed in with tons of glass & block. It's freaking LOUD out there. Everything reverberates. Not good. Only awesome thing is the fireplace. More people can sit around it & it's really cool looking.The servers pay attention to you here! Are there more of them at this location? I saw our server tons of times & she checked on us at least 5 times, maybe more. That's great!I ordered a grilled cheese sandwich. I didn't know you could mess 1 of those up. The bread is HUGE & fluffy. I could barely taste the cheese past all that bread. Saving part about that meal are their fries.- Moscow Mule was yum :)- Glass of Next: Pinot Nior was very good.- Trout Slayer on tap! My friend has property in Missoula Montana & was a little surprised it was on tap here. This was my first time trying it. I don't normally like beer. I'm picky with beer. This stuff is GOOD! Who knew I'd like a beer with a fishy fruity flavor lol.- Tic Tac the bartender gave me when I asked for a recommendation was gross. 1. No one orders those. 2. That wasn't made correctly. Thankfully he didn't charge us since I hated it.The people who were there are a lot more casual. Older crowd too. Not nearly as attractive as the people at the other Vig. Sorry, but it's true. I watched 1 woman who was so drunk she nodded off in her chair.DJ is a girl, and she's not bad.
3	This place is beautiful inside. I really enjoyed the process of watching the owners transform this great piece of historic modern architecture into something a lot of people could enjoy. The other location is cool too, sans the DB scene. I found this location to have scary parking, but good valet service. The service was good on my Friday 3pm visit. Was there to celebrate a friends birthday. We had some of the apps (The Trifecta, Double Down, and Crabmeat and Artichoke Dip) and they were good. The waitress was always coming by to check on us and even told us when happy hour started. You could tell it was getting close to 5pm. The place was a mad house with 40 something dudes trolling for a place to sit all sweaty from a golf outing. The place is chill and there seemed to be no pretencious DB's. Sure there is a healthy mix of an older crowd, but there was a good mix of younger groups too. Good amount of TVs so there is always something to watch. It was kind of noisy near the enclosed patio, but we were at a table being loud anyways. There is alot of room to move and enjoy the space, and not to be bumped into. I have only visited just once for a Friday happy hour, stay tuned for a dinner visit.
4	The Vig UptownIs the place to get downA future renownLadies be lookin' fineWith plunging necklinesWatch out! There goes a march of dimes!Sundays, 1/2 priced bottles of wineRetro, modern, spacious designTasty pretzel buns n' brew combinedAre simply divineDidn't like the crabmeat and artichoke dipFlavor was out-stripped By competing with the spicy pita chipsWill be back to try moreAfter all, there's a new menu to exploreAnd plenty more beer to pourHope I don't pass out on the floorA great place to flirtTo hear the latest dirtIn the women's restroom"Who's dating whom?""Did you hear what happened to the groom?""Excuse me Ms, what's that perfume?"I'll be stopping by soonTo enjoy an afternoonWith an orange slice in my Blue MoonOn a Sunday before June
4	Same great vibe as the original location.
4	What's not to like about a second Vig, this one MUCH closer to my house? Actually, just a couple things. But let me start with the good. I love the feel of the place as you walk in the door. Cozy and yummy colors. It's nice that they used an existing building. Would of been cool if they had used the first proposed name- The Vault. I just love the whole place...until you walk to the back. I understand why they are calling it a PATIO or OUTDOOR SEATING, but I'm not feeling it. It's cold, dark, gray, and not the same loveliness as the original Vig patio. Both times I have been here, it's been with friends and they were already sitting in this back area. That is what I am calling it from now on, by the way, the back area. My smoker friends appreciate the fact they can go out the back door to slowly kill themselves, but they've also almost been hit by the Valet guys pulling cars around. I need to go in the sunniest part of the day and enjoy those big windows when they are doing their thing best. The food is, of course, the same quality as the other Vig and you can always count on getting a yummy, if not slightly overpriced dish. Kudos to James, the server. He handled our large group well and was prompt and friendly. Overall, I am very excited to have this Vig in my hood, within bike riding range no less. I'm sure they are still getting some kinks worked out and they could use to add a few more light bulbs in the 'back area'. I know I'll be back to enjoy the Vig for fun times are always had at the Vig.
5	Just tried the Vig Uptown for the first time.  We had a great time and are definitely going to keep this on our short list of restaurants to visit.  In more detail...Amazing building!  The bocci ball court is definitely a hit with everyone and we were very impressed with the light and airy decor.  Knowing that this used to be a bank, you'd never expect that it would be so beautiful inside.Food - the chicken kebobs were perfect.  I think the best flavors I've ever had in a kebob meal.  The Pad Thai is something that I was looking to try as well and it appears that the recipe is being fine-tuned to be just as good as the dish I had or better.I know that parking is an issue for The Vig right now, but the valets are working their tails off to make it as transparent for the customer as possible.
4	YAY!!!!!!!!!!!  After months of anticipation, the new Vig location (closer to me vs. what is now affectionately referred to as "The Vintage Vig") is open and did not disappoint!  Whew!The parking seems to still have some kinks to work out, as any signs of a valet stand or staff were MIA when I initially pulled up (7pm on a Sunday).  We figured it out though and no big deal.  The atmosphere here is just awesome, I absolutely love it.  It seems more spacious than the original space, but it was also slow while I was in there so I am hesitant to make a firm judgement until after it passes the Friday-happy-hour-test.  Same great vibe though, perhaps even warmer/sexier atmosphere.  The biggest surprise to me was the faux patio, with large open windows but actually an enclosed space.  For me, one of the fatal flaws of the original Vig patio the limited outdoor seats that also weren't smoking tables, so perhaps this is a good solve?Overall, will absolutely put this spot in heavy rotation.  Keep the new locations coming, please!!
4	My picks:Take Bethany HomeLil' Debbie (house infused vodka.... yum)The TrifectaFlatbread Pizza with Tandoori Chicken ( you had me with the paneer cheese)I like the Vig Uptown.  It's not too busy yet and you can normally get a table without too much trouble.  It's a great meeting place and the happy hour menu is a steal.The only con is they make you valet.  And I hate that, just on principle.
4	After a sweltering day at the Scottsdale Culinary Festival last Sunday, it was time to relax, cool down and actually eat something. We tried The Vig Uptown. It was around 3ish and we had our choice of seating so we picked a table outside along the bocce court. It was so cool, breezy and open that I loved it immediately. The giant glass windows in the back  give the outside a real modern, open feel while the inside/bar area is more dark, cozy and den-like. Both nice places to hang.We were famished and started with the palate pleasing artichoke and crab dip. It is served with these perfectly seasoned crackery triangles that are awesome all by themselves but dynamite paired with the creamy dip. We also tried the "hot vings" appetizer  which were covered in a sweet and spicy sauce that was very well received at our table. Being a Sunday, we were able to take advantage of half price bottle day and split a bottle of chardonnay with our lunch/dinner= linner? I had the salmon with asparagus which was really good except for the sweet corn cake that came with it. That managed to be both hard and gummy and tried its best to spend the rest of the meal plastered on the back of my throat. The salmon was perfect and so was the asparagus, I just wish there had been more of it. I tasted the steak sandwich which was pretty good but if you don't like onions you will abhor it because its loaded with grilled ones. The standout on the plate was definitely the sweet potato fry dipping sauce. It was a dirty yellow and red flecked curry flavored sauce that was great on everything! Next time I"m there I will order a side no matter what I"m eating.I also tasted the grilled veggie sandwich and found it incredibly  hearty full of flavor! And it also benefited from the curry sauce. After all of this good food and wine I was sooo ready for a nap. The Vig Uptown was impressive and I know that I will be back again soon.
4	OK, here's my comparison of the two Vigs:  The Vig is better than Uptown when the weather is nice and it's not too hot.  There's nothing better than being outside on the back patio listening to live music.The Vig Uptown will be better in the middle of summer.  It's nice and open and airy and will be much cooler.I was at Uptown yesterday and got a nice seat at the bar and enjoyed watching the Dbacks game on a large flat screen in hi def.  I had a $4 margarita that was on happy hour special.  It was well made so I had a second and just chilled out watching the game.  It was the perfect mid-afternoon break.I'm not wild about having to valet park but that's the way it goes.  I wish that I lived a little closer so that I could get to both of the Vigs more often.
4	There are only two reasons why I am not giving The Vig the full 5 stars.  One: I need to try at least one more thing on the menu, and Two: I didn't get to play Bocce Ball.  I really did love this place though.  The re-use of the old bank is absolutely spectacular.  I can't say one bad thing about the design.  I especially love the greenery up by the front entrance.  The vertical display is awesome and I love the u-shaped garden as well.  On to the food.  It really is wonderful!  Plus, they have a killer happy hour so you can sample more things than you would at another time.  We decided to get some crab and artichoke dip as a starter.  It was phenomenal!  It was smooth and creamy, full of flavor, and packed full of yummy crab meat.  The most amazing part?  It only cost like 5 bucks on HH.  Impressive.  I noticed that the menu has a definite Indian/Asian feel to it, so it wasn't entirely my thing, but there were a lot of yummy choices available.  I went with the Turkey Sandwich.  It was packed full of turkey, with cole slaw, dill havarti, cranberry chutney, and honey mustard mayo all between pretzel bread.  It was HEAVENLY!  I loved it so much I saved half and ate the rest the next day for lunch.  The bread was delicious, the cranberry was perfect, and the dill havarti was an awesome twist.  I don't have a single complaint about that sandwich.I actually can't wait to go back and sample more of their creative food.  I'm still trying to decide if I am more excited for the food or the Bocce though. :o)
4	It is now time after a few visits to chat up the new Vig Uptown for a bit.  It is my belief that this concept, which I call for lack of a better phrase "the tavern concept" is the all the rage in the Phoenix (surrounding) F & B scene.  To the credit of the vigsters they sort of started this wave.  I have heard so many times about new places, that are "Viglike" or "A cross between the Vig and something else.".  So kudos to the Vig for creating a new genre in our AZ scene. The question remains, How did they do at re-creating their own thing?As is so often the case I wish I had a 1/2 star at my disposal.  I would like to go 31/2.   This is only because as nice as I have found The Vig to be 4 stars just sounds lofty to me for what they are.  Having said that, I choose to round up because they do what they do well and I do not want to knock them down to the blase 3.  The Vig is definatley that good looking girl with nice style and a little edge, that you onlly hope that has a little substance.  The refurbed old bank has clean lines, a great mix and use of materials, a nice flow, and a nice airy feel.  The place is a perect balance of hip and sceney, yet comfortable and the kind of place you want to make a night of, yet a chill place to drop in and have a bite with shorts and flip-flops.  I do wish they would have paid a bit more homage to the bank that they used, but that is just a personal opinion.I don't know if it is expectation or what but I always expect the food to be a little better than it is.  The menu always has me torn between several enticing and well-described items, which always makes me excited.  The results are a resounding "fine".   From the steak sandwich, to the wings, to the chocolate brownie for dessert, they have all been perfectly OK.  I keep going back and I won't stop but it is the atmosphere that drives me. The food somehow seems to lack flavor.  Even when that seems impossible, such as the carne asada over a potato pancake.  Howver, it is good enough to keep coming back.The service can be a little slow and dis-interested, but I do find the friendliness and attitude to be better at this location, than the original.  So in the end The Vig Uptown is that pretty girl with a lot of style that is nice to have on your arm.  Is she the best cook?  No, but she at least gives it a try.  Will she blow you away with deep conversation about the secrets of the world?  No, but she definatley has something to say.  Is she cool and nice and fun to hang out with?  Heck Yes, I think we will go out again.
5	So I totally love the Vig on 40th St and I was glad to hear they opened a new location.  I have been wanting to check it out since it opened but just never had the time.  So what better time to go then on a Sunday for 1/2 price bottles of wine :).  I really love the new location's look.  It was a little hard to find if you have never been but after a drive by I found it on the second pass.  The building is very modern and really open inside.  Instead of the outdoor patio like the 40th st. location they have a huge Arizona room in the back.  It still has a fireplace but instead of a fire it's lit with candles.  This will be really nice for the summer months when the other patio is way too hot.  So on to the food and wine.  I ordered the starter crab and artichoke dip which was heavenly.  For beverage I got a bottle of Lapostolle Casa Sauvignon Blanc.  It was very good and with the half off price it was only $10.50.  On to the entree I ordered the Achiote Salmon and Chorizo Arepa.  The salmon was good but being from Seattle I could tell it was Atlantic.  It's not necessarily a bad thing but I'm kind of a salmon snob :).  Anyways the Chorizo Arepa was very good.  It's a little sweet corn cake with Chorizo in the middle.  EVERYTHING IS BETTER WITH CHORIZO!!!! Overall a great atmosphere, great food, and a great restaurant.   I can't wait to go back for Sunday Brunch they have some great stuff on their menu for it and they open at 10am till 2pm.  MMMMMMMM
4	Checked out the new location and loved it!  Patio is not quite as charming as the original but still a great space. Pretty amazing considering it used to be an old bank!? Had "Vigan" sandwich which was amazing and I think drink was called "Get Tanged" or something like that.... Really good minus the fact that it turned my teeth orange, a fact that was so kindly pointed out to me by friend long after dinner was over...Had a large party, eighteen to twenty, but service did not suffer.
5	I resisted coming here as long as I could. I couldn't imagine The Vig Uptown being better than The Vig on 40th St but it is. The inside is brighter and there is more space. The menu is slightly different but most of the menu items are the same. There are more drink specials at this location and they have fresh squeezed juice to mix with your favorite liquor. My favorites were watermelon and strawberry juice with vodka. The only downside for me is the patio is smaller and you can't smoke outdoors because technically it's still indoors. Just a heads up to all you fellow smokers.
2	Vig UptownTwo comments:Too many lawyers and 60+ Cougars.At least the cougars at Vig Arcadia are hot and 30-40.What can you expect on this side of town though....?
4	I went to @TheVigAZ Uptown, originally for just a couple beers, but I ended up having the crab and artichoke dip, with the spiced pita bread.OMG!!!The pita chips were delicious alone, but the crab and artichoke dip was amazing!!Had a couple hefeweizen's, as well.Love the space in the back; kind of an outdoor feel, but not really outside.The bocce ball pit is pretty cool. If I go back, I may try to get a game going.Prices are reasonable.I will be back.
3	I very much wish I could give the gorgeously remodeled Vig more than 3 stars, but the inconsistency in food and service has knocked off a star for the time being.  Aesthetically, the Uptown Vig is just lovely.  The renovation of the space was done with class, and the differing textures on every wall/surface/decor really made things pop.  I'm loving the re-purposing trend in central Phoenix... what great use of an old, seemingly useless space. On my first visit to the Uptown Vig, I came with the girlfriends for Happy Hour.  We love to check out all of the greatest happy hours around town, and were particularly excited for half-priced appetizers.  We had the traditional hot "vings", guac and chips, trifecta (mini-burgers) and the flatbread pizza with tandori chicken.  All of the items were relatively good, however nothing really stood out or surprised us.  We were disappointed at our server's attitude.  She seemed immediately put off when we ordered only waters and 2 cokes (table of 4) with our food.  Come on - "real" drinks aren't required, are they?  It was a school night!  Plus, I had to manage to drive myself home, and I totally can't manage that with even one drink.  I understand that we were reaping the benefits of the happy-hour pricing without shelling out for alcohol, but there is no need to be put off by our choice.  We ALWAYS tip enough to make up for their trouble... Anyways... I digress...  I also ordered the Good Korma curry dish to take home to the husband, after conferring with the waitress about good gluten-free options.  Unfortunately, when I arrived at home, I discovered that they had stuck a great, big piece of naan on top of the curry.  Gluten, gluten everywhere :(Our second visit was a great turnaround.  We had decided to go to Chelsea's Kitchen for Mother's Day Brunch.  Chelsea's turned out to be so packed that we couldn't even find a space to park.  Using our incredible genius, we decided that the fairly new Vig would probably have less of a crowd.  Boy, were we right!  We were seated right away, and there were many tables to spare.  I ordered the Achiote Salmon - oh my.  It was an incredible dish.  Such complexity of flavor in the spices and poblano sauce, and the accompanying chorizo-stuffed corn cake was delish.  Definitely something to return for.  The husband ordered chilequiles, and thought they were good, but not nearly as great as Gallo Blanco's version.  Both of our mothers ordered the Persian Kebabs, and both seemed pleased, but not completely bowled over.   The child ordered a grilled cheese sandwich, which was entirely too much bread and not quite enough cheese.  I did enjoy stealing his French fries, however - yum!Since the new Vig is just around the corner from my house, has a super happy hour, and the amazing salmon dish, I'm sure I will be back.  Hopefully the service loses the slightly I'm-better-than-you attitude, and adopts a truly friendly vibe.  Looking forward to that!
1	Wow. I've never felt so unwelcome at an eating establishment ever before. Last week the hubs and I drive over to his moms house (our old hood). She lives on the same exact block the Vig Uptown resides on. So we walk on over. We are all very excited to try the newbie that just popped up in the neighborhood. We walk in. Where we stand for FIVE (yes 5) minutes before the person who I am guessing is the host finally wanders on over. He looks us up and down. We say there are 3 of us. He looks at the list and says "Oooooh, ya. We are pretty busy. I don't see you being seated any time soon" we look at each other all baffled....One of us asks, can you give us an estimated time when a table might be available.... he looks around and says..."um, yeah, like I said we are pretty busy" Oooooooook then. We walk out, cross the street and go eat at the Phoenix City Grill, where they are always happy to see us, seat us and serve us. Dear Vig, you might think you are all that, but seriously. Get over yourself. The hubs family has lived on that block for 34 years, they have seen restaurants come and go. If you keep up your attitude, you will find yourself pushing your LOCAL customers away.
4	Went to The Vig Uptown for brunch. They need to update their website as they are actually open at 10am (not 11am). I was glad to hear it as I have turned into more of an early bird in my older age and I was impatient and calling by 10:01  I have to admit, I think this I my new favorite brunch spot. I started with a fresh squeezed watermelon mimosa and it was delicious. I ordered some pork and eggs that was out of this world. Slow simmered pork, beans, peas, under an egg and surrounded by grilled bananas, it was awesome! I also tried the yogurt parfait and while it was fresh and delicious there was an overwhelming amount of dried fruit in it. My fillings were hurting by the time I left, but it was still tasty. Dicks and Phoenix City Grill now have some stiff competition for my favorite brunch dishes. Selfishly, I hope they don't get too busy because it was really nice not to have to wait for valet or a table. One more reason why I love living in Uptown.
5	Had made a few visits the the Vig Uptown and have yet to really dig into the menu.  What we have ordered has been super though!  Having been to the Vig in Arcadia, we were pretty familiar with some of the fare. If you like wings, try the Thai sweet chili for an awesome version of this standard bar appy. Tried the nachos, loaded with pork, and it was so big we had to take half of it home.  Really dig the atmosphere here.  The restoration is incredible!  It seems to have become quite popular and could be a challenge getting in at certain times.  Went once and the valets said the lot was full, so we ended up at Dick's knowing that it was packed inside.  Glad to see the place is doing so well.  Hope to make our next stop there for brunch...maybe to catch a World Cup game!
4	I have been here 3 times. Once just for drinks, once for lunch, and once for the sunday brunch.  They have an excellent diverse menu.  At a glance, the menu is american but seems to be inspired by mediterranean, middle eastern, indian, caribbean and latin american flavors.   I love the wings, burgers, steak salad, chicken sandwich.  Cons: they put way too much cheese on everything, the salsa and guacamole is below average.  And the thing I love most about this place is the design.  They took a mid-century modern bank and turned into an ultra sleek modern tavern.
4	Not gonna lie - didn't hear good things about "the new Vig" and I think I know why... keep reading haters. The Vig Uptown opened in the early spring and if you're from here, The Vig is synonymous with a great patio space. So, the feedback I was hearing was that "the new Vig is indoors" yuck. We want a patio.Well, my friends. Welcome 112 degree days. I think the Vig Uptown is genius for Phoenix. The space absolutely feels very indoor/outdoor still allowing the nice breeze to come through, bocce ball for the boys and a very, open airy place for the daytime - BUT, you can close the windows once the heat wave hits and still enjoy yourself in an open, airy place. Mark my words, when the temperatures heat up and The Vig Arcadia is empty - the Vig Uptown won't be. And it will be filled with those haters looking to "feel like they're outside - but aren't." I promise you. On top of the cool space, the menu is yummy and the drink specials on the weekends are great. You get 1/2 bottles of wine and the Vig Pinot Gris is delicious and at that prices.. its $12. Yum. Note - the brunch menu is very limited compared to the full lunch menu, so if you go around 2pm, it's probably in your best interest to wait until the full lunch menu is available. We saw nachos come out about 15 minutes after we ordered and were super bummed nobody told us to wait. Overall - perfect place to escape the "inside" this summer.
3	Classy, swanky while still seemingly laid back and mellow. The reuse of an old bank building provides the perfect location for a laid back yet still elegant evening with friends.It was nice to sit around, chat a bit and relaxing while people watching for a while. The drinks are definitely pricey. One martini cost $3 MORE than a large pitcher of Blue Moon across the street.
3	Decided to check this place out for lunch yesterday. The decorations were very modern and I really liked the outdoor atrium you can eat in. I ordered a burger and wifey had the Hot chick sandwich. My burger was good, nothing to write home about but good. The wife enjoyed her sandwich, all though she overlooked the fact that the guacamole was spicy. I think this could be a great place to come and get some wine and appetizers, looking forward to coming back on the weekend! Late open kitchen is a bonus!
2	OI. I reallllly wanted to like this place. After my last review, one of the owners reached out and emailed me, apologized and asked me to give them another shot. Love how much they care about their customers. The remodel they have done is AMAZING! I loved the enclosed patio area, so cool, literally, I thought the temp would be horrible back there but it was so nice. First off, the hostess. Sweetest girl ever! She told us it looked like a 20-25 minutes wait and that we could find a spot on the patio and enjoy a drink while we waited for our table. We lucked out and found a spot, this place was SLAMMING for a Tuesday! A nice waitress in a skirt that ALMOST showed some butt cheek came over and took our order. We were hungry so we ordered some guacamole to tide us over for our "twenty five minute wait". 30 minutes go by and we think that the waitress has totally forgotten about our order. I go up to the hostess to see how much longer we have to go "you are next" she says, Rad! 5 minutes later out comes our gauc, finally. The gauc was decent, we all loved the chips, they were like crack. Another TWENTY minutes goes by, so now we have waited double over what our estimated time of wait was. I really wish she would have been honest with us and just said its going to be a 45 Min- Hour wait. It was CLEAR when she gave us the 20-25 minute wait she was either fudging to keep us there, or had no clue on how to quote a wait for a table. But seriously, sweetest girl ever. FINALLY we get shown to our table. We are EXCITED. We have been dying to try this place out. Like I mentioned in my first review, the MIL lives in the neighborhood behind the Vig, so we are fans of places we can walk to! The waitress actually cracked a joke about how we probably all know what we wanted to eat since we had waited so long. The food came out relatively fast....the fries were all warm, but all the sandwiches were luke warm at best. Im pretty sure mine and the hubs were meant to be hot. Our cheese was melty but everything else was room temp/luke warm. Lets start with mine first, the honey ham & provolone. I took one bite and was astonished by its lack of flavor. It should have been bursting with flavor, it had ham, provolone cheese, grilled pineapple, dijon mayo and a pablono chile! It was flavorless. The only thing that had flavor was the chile that brought mad heat. I tried a few bites with out the chile to get the flavor of the sandwich, zero. I cut off a piece for the hubs and MIL to try to see if it wasn't just me. Nothing. It was a luke warm pile of meat and cheese that tasted like nothing. At least I had some sweet potato fries to munch. Next up the hubs, He got the uptown steak sandwich, Asked for it medium. It had sliced bistro tenderloin with wild mushrooms, caramelized onions, arugula, roasted red peppers, Swiss cheese and horseradish mayo on a sub roll. First off, they cut the sandwich in half for you which is awesome, but had the chef been paying attention he would have seen the middle ends of the sandwich were verging on RAW (like red)!! So gross. The hubs picked all the raw looking pieces out, took a bite, NO FLAVOR! A sandwich that has roasted red peppers and caramelized onions and horsey mayo should for sure have flavor!?! This was not the case, he cut a piece off for each of us to try. We all looked at each other in disbelief, how could there be no flavor. Really people, this is not an over exaggerated story, I wish it were. He also got onion rings. Now in my family, onion rings get devoured, in fact fights usually occur as to who gets the last ring. We each take an onion ring, now have you ever eaten those fried batter pieces at the bottom of the Long John Silvers fish baskets? Those little clumps of fried batter that have zero taste? Well, that was what these onion rings tasted like, a bunch of fried nothing. Lastly the MIL's Turkey sandwich. It had turkey breast with dill havarti, cranberry chutney, roasted tomatoes, cole slaw and honey-mustard mayo on pretzel bread. We all swooned at the pretzel bun! This one wasn't as tasteless as mine and the husbands sandwiches. It was ok. She also ordered the regular french fries. Those were good. I know this review is getting long and winded, but I want to give an honest full run down of why I gave only 2 stars. Our waitress only came back once to check on us and was never to be seen until the check came. A different waiter came by and asked if we wanted boxes as each of our plates looked completely untouched. We all said no (in unison). It for sure has a nice happy hour atmosphere and prices. That has got to be a reason why this place was packed both times we have gone (530-6ish). I've never been to the 1st location to compare the two food and service wise. It has tons of potential, and it looks like plenty of people love The Vig, maybe we went on an off night? I'm sorry Vig, you are just not for me.
5	Had lunch here today with a friend, and my lunch was fab. I had the chicken kabobs with basmati rice. There were yummy raisins and almonds in the rice, and the chicken was perfectly cooked. Loved it! Atmosphere was great, complimentary valet is always awesome, and the waitress we had was very helpful. My friend had the special: a salmon cake salad, that looked fab as well. Highly recommend if you're in the area hitting this spot up!
4	I had a great lunch at the Vig today. First time at the new location. Service, food & ambiance were great. Its a nice addition to the neighborhood. Will be back again.
5	As far as I know, I'm the only person in this town that has a dish named after them. I could be wrong, but I'm pretty sure I'm right. I mean, I'm always right.By now, if you read my reviews, you know that I am vegan and I don't eat gluten. This makes dining out quite an issue at times, especially for breakfast/brunch. I really wanted to hit up The Vig Uptown for brunch because I like it as a Happy Hour spot, the space is incredible, it is within a bike ride from my house, and I love the Original Vig, but alas, there was nothing on the menu to accommodate me. I gently mentioned in person and a few times on FaceBook that having some sort of tofu scrambler would really improve their menu.They listened.They created.They named. (after me!!!)We stopped by for brunch this past Sunday for the dishes debut, and got a personal hello from Tucker. He was excited because they had already sold TEN AMber Scramblers that morning and it isn't even officially on the menu yet! I'm already a star!So, whats the verdict on the AMber Scrambler? Amazing. Seriously. The thing that really sets this apart from other scrambler dishes is sun dried tomatoes. They bring such a delicious flavor! It certainly doesn't hurt that it comes with their signature guac and a side of pico.I'll be here every weekend for the delicious dish and the $5 fresh squeezed mimosas! If you know whats good for you, you will too.
5	I've made several visits to the Vig, and have been very happy each time.The first was one of the first HOT days in May.  I was job hunting, and decided a happy hour cocktail and bite was in order.  Three words"  TAKE BETHANY HOME!  It's the first on the list of "vignature" cocktails...and one of my new favorite drinks.  Julia was behind the bar, and had enough time to exchange a dirty joke with me to make me feel like a regular.  Two drinks and the happy hour sliders...YUM!  My only complaint...and this is the kind of complaint I am sure the owners love...there was too much food!  I am a big girl, and I can put away the chow...but two drinks and an appetizer and I was uncomfortably full!  Didn't even finish the fries - which were great, but I was too full!Second time was happy hour with a girlfriend.  We sat on the patio, shared a couple cocktails (I am stuck on Take Bethany Home, she tried the Moscow Mule...which was also great.)  We split the artichoke dip and the flatbread pizza.  Both were great...but once again - same issue.  Two women who are not afraid to eat - two cocktails and two appetizers...and there were leftovers!Another solo happy hour - I think I have it mastered...the wings are the right amount for one person and two drinks!Was in last night for the ribeye dinner special with my mom and her husband.  (YAY for industry and facebook fan discounts...I fit both categories!)  Mom and I had Take Bethany Home, her hubby had a couple Juan Gambinos.  For a man who only drinks scotch and water, I was impressed he left his comfort zone...and as he ordered a second, it must have been damn good!  All three of us had the special.  The ribeye was well cooked and flavorful, the corn on the cob was a bit plain, but that's A-OK with me.  The potato salad was super fresh, very cold and quite tasty.  Then there were the baked beans.  WOW!  I could make a meal of these alone!  (Gonna ask for the recipe, for sure!)  Mom ordered the brownie a la mode for dessert for the three of us to share.  Personally, I was so full, i would have gladly skipped - but good thing I didn't!  The ice cream, caramel and chocolate sauces were good - but the brownie itself was perfect!I complain about the portion sizes only because it limits what I can try on one visit.  If there for happy hour, one app per person makes sense - more than that is too much food.  If for dinner, and all members of the party are getting entrees, best to skip apps completely.  Really - one dessert should not have put three people over the edge of too full!Service has always been prompt and professional and I will be back again and again as long as they keep up this level of service and quality!(Even more often if they want to hire me as a bartender!!) :)Oh - and the fact they use the picture I took of Take Bethany Home when advertising it on facebook makes me feel VERY loved! :)
4	This is a tough review for me... as I am torn.... 3 starts? or 4 stars? First I have to say I LOVE THE VIG!!! You should too. I am just not a super huge fan of this location. Reasons: 1. It is further away from my house than the original Vig. *not anyone elses problem other than mine* 2. The patio is less than mediocer. 3. The place is made out of solid concrete, making everything echo and if there are more than 5 people in the building it is too loud to hear yourself even think, let alone talk to the people at your table. 4. I know most of the staff at the 40th street one, and I don't like change. 5. OH and Elvis Before Noon doesn't play here on Sundays. Again, I LOVE THE VIG! The food is great the service is always good and a good time is usually had by all. But I have to say I am partial to the original. This is not to say you shouldn't go to the Vig Uptown, if you do it will be less crowded at the old one for me ;-) Tips: Try the Vings, Smoked Salmon Ap, and the Tenderloin Salad (might not be on the menu but they can make it.) Happy Vig-ing!
5	I'm caught in the middle....I've been going to the Vintage Vig for a little bit now so when they opened up the Vig Uptown...I'm not gonna lie, it took me a few months before I checked it out......but I'm glad I did.While I love the "old" Vig for it's awesome patio ( usually...not during the summer, of course) and great service, I love the new Vig for its decor, great drink specials, stellar service....and it's a little more geographically desirable. The Arizona Room did trip me out at first because I assumed sitting up at the bar that it was a patio but it's actually nice being able to feel like you're SORT of outside without really being outside. The wall to leave your mark on is fun! It's an interesting little addition and it's entertaining to see what some people put up. The guac and chips are good as are the sliders aka The Trifecta...can't go wrong with the shoe string fries. Once again, I'm going to have to head over there on an empty stomach to really test it out one of these days.I can agree with most on the valet; the guys are really nice but there's tons of other spots to park at if you aren't super lazy and wanna cross the street (or head next door).All in all, give the Vig a go.
4	Lovers of the Old Vig, I know what you're thinking. Is the new Vig as fabulous as the original Vig with their boche ball clad outdoor patio, live music Sundays and a great hang-out any day of the week? Me thinks my answer is...yes! And here are 10 reasons why:1. The indoor patio is brightly lit, but saves 'zonians from melting in the heat. It's genius when you think about it. Now you can choose which Vig to visit based on your temperature desires. So, if you want an outdoor patio, go to the other Vig, but when it's 115 outside, I'll see you at the Uptown spot. 2. They serve greyhounds with freshly squeezed grapefruit. You can't find a freshly squeezed cocktail very many places in the land of the desert. 3. Boche Ball. See it exists, even at the new location! And it's large and in charge and big enough for a group to play. 4. Friendly staff. They're attentive, friendly and aim to please. 5. Spacious and perfect for a big group. Check out the area by the fire place. It's perfect for mingling. 6. Awesome spinach dip with these tasty (sweet potato?) bread sticks for dipping. 7. Tastilicious flat bread pizza with Tandoori Chicken - it literally melted in my mouth. 8. Lovin' the Central Phoenix vibe and location. It's close enough to the Camelback corridor and within driving distance for most of the Phoenix/Scottsdale neighborhoods. 9. Great HH specials depending on the day. Check out their $5 Vignature cocktails. 10. And let's not forget about the entertainment. The DJs with accompanying instruments make the Vig rock and I heard a rumor live music is coming soon. So check it out right this minute!
4	Stopped in for dinner last week.  They were out of the daily special, Sangria, so we settled on a half price bottle of wine.We tried the asian short ribs for our appetizer, and had the carne asada potato for dinner.The food was great!  The service was decent, but I think it suffered a bit as they were training a new employee.We inquired as to the availability of bacon vodka.  They had none, but had experimented with some bacon flavored jim beam.  Which the bartender shared a bit of. I like the new spot.  My girl and I will be back!
4	Glad to see another Vig! This place has outstanding architecture.  The services was great, food was yummy.  Plus, I like the complementary valet parking... Stay Classy
4	This place is pretty darned good. I'd go so far as to say great. The reason for 4 stars and not 5 is cuz the service is sometimes less than awesome and they don't have red sangria.  =/   I mean, sangria by definition is red, right? So why only white Vig Uptown? Anywhooo... I digress. Visited the Vig Uptown for the first time a couple months back. The purpose was just to check the place out and see if it was as cool as the original.  It was. Drinks were good, food was great. I had the Pork Tenderloin salad. AmAzInG! The melon, goat cheese, apples and the yogurt-poppyseed dressing... YuMMM!  Honestly, i want them to offer the salad w/the pork as an option.  Cuz i didn't really care it was there. It was good, but that salad had me at first bite. I had whatever $5 glass of red wine they were offering that night too. Score!The 2nd visit was just a week ago for my birthday. I had about 10ppl in my party and we sat on the couches in the patio. The patio rocks. It has A/C. Love it!  Since my bday fell on a Thursday, we got the summer special of $5 pitchers of sangria! Yep, 40oz of white sangria for 5 bucks. We musta had 10 pitchers amongst us. They also have $5 pitchers of draft beers. I had a Hoegaarden to round out my night.... What?? It was my birthday!  =)  Of course, the food was delicious, yet again. Their Guac is great. The Tandoori Chicken flatbread was awesome and the wings were some of the best i've ever had. Their wings aren't chewy or fatty or drenched in sauce. They are grilled and just delicious!! Great job Vig. Let's work on that red sangria!  ;-)
2	Now before you rush to judgment let me explain.... After reading many stellar reviews, I thought how can I go wrong. Well everyone can have an off night. This was an evening of highs and lows that led me to the 2 star review. If I go back someone else is paying, lets just start right there. I met some friends for dinner, excited by the reviews and the chance to try a new menu we decided on The Vig Uptown. We arrived to a crowded lot but no bother they have complimentary valet parking! Very nice. It was however a little confusing on how to get in and no one directed us. It wasn't until the massive door like something out of Willy Wonka's opened that we figured out how to get in. The interior is very trendy and artistically pleasing. The indoor outdoor patio is a nice touch. The booths are huge enough room for at least 6 adults. So far you have me at 5 stars. Our server a little mousy thing finally came trotting over to ask us for a drink order and referred us to the drink menu. Stating we have several house specials. My friend and I both fairly savvy when it comes to liquor, spot an item that we are unfamiliar with. So we inquire about the Queen's English which boasts a pimm's no 1 cup. We are told she thinks it has cucumber in it but shes not sure. She goes to the bar and returns with the following answer "it's a liquor". Not quite the answer we were wanting so we just order something else. Red Beer, Stella and Vodka martini dirty. ; ) Side bar my thinking is if the Queen's English is on your specials menu you would like to know what is in it, so that you may better serve your guests. But that's just me. Now we are at 4 stars. We ordered the onion rings and traditional wings. The onion rings were very good but I would have like to have been given something to dip in besides ketchup. BLUCK. The traditional wings were far from traditional but they were delicious. On to the entrees, I decided to have the The Uptown Steak Sandwich...charbroiled, sliced bistro tenderloin, with wild mushrooms, caramelized onions, arugula, roasted red peppers, Swiss cheese and horseradish mayo on a sub roll. Are you freaking kidding me that sounds amazing, I've gotta have it. Oh and the bonus sweet potato fries....heck yeah! The fries were some of the best I have ever had. Bravo! The sandwich fell short. The bread was very heavy, dry and thick. The horseradish mayo was missing in action, the amount was so small you couldn't taste it. The Tenderloin was spot on however, the mushrooms we few and far between. I ended up dumping everything out of the roll. I tried my friends Persian Chicken kabob and it had no flavor. She didn't like it either. I wish our server had been more attentive. I can't tell you who she was she never told us her name. She seemed very inexperienced and we had to wait awhile for water after stopping her as she went by. All in all not good. I really wish these restaurants would quit focusing on a size 2 female servers and start focusing on a server that has experience and knows their job! The girls are pretty but I am not there to check out servers. I want to check out the food and the service. PS this place is very loud and more of a bar atmosphere, not a place for kids. I saw a few women with babies well under a year old. THIS IS NOT A KID FRIENDLY RESTAURANT.
4	Ok, for starters, it's better than the Vig because it doesn't smell like the dumpster out back.  Sorry, Original Vig, but the incense just doesn't cut it and I know it's not your fault, but it is what it is....Uptown Vig is appropriately Sheesh, a bit larger footprint, and the original construction elements of the bank building are tastefully complimented with modern design twist.  Greyhounds are the drink to beat.  Food is OK, mostly go there for the atmosphere and the booze....I'm in.
5	Love this place...even better than the Arcadia location!  Great atmosphere, good service, great food and drinks!  Great way to spend a Saturday afternoon hanging out.
4	Why haven't I stopped by for Happy Hour at The Vig Uptown sooner? I should stop being such a shut-in.Not that the drinks were THAT cheap - but they were good. Well, the one I kept drinking was good. (Moscow Mule - if you like ginger, order it.) My friends and I were hungry, and so we got a little appetizer happy. Ok, we got VERY appetizer happy. We started with the Double Down (Hummus and Baba Ganoush). Pro: if you need extra pitas - and you will - they're free. Just ask. (Or maybe the bartender just gave them to us because we're cute girls?) Let's go with the former idea. We then also ordered The Trifecta, Crabmeat and Artichoke Dip, and Flatbread Pizza with Tandoori Chicken. Wow, we ordered a lot of food between the four of us. Well, my friends ordered them, I just ate them. But everything was really tasty. Note: the spicy-mayo that is served with an order of fries has got to have yellow curry in it. And it tastes FANTASTIC. The bartender service was really friendly (no, not just because he maybe, perhaps, gave us free pita bread). Long story short, I'd like to come here again for food OTHER than appetizers. And I know that there is another Vig, but I'm going to have a hard time going to any Vig other than the Uptown.
3	1) So happy there is a Vig close to my work and my home.2) "Vintage" Vig has a beautiful patio, and Uptown Vig has a concrete room with big windows, which they cant open at night because the surrounding neighborhood. First i did not like this. But now that its 95 outside,at 9 at night, I'm loving it!3) Still have the bocce ball court.4) Same good food and drink.Over all, I have been plenty of times, had great nights, and don't plan on stopping anytime soon. I'm so happy there is an Uptown Vig now. See ya there!
3	yet another phoenix joint w/ hip decor and a solid menu.  nice gold on brown color scheme, soaring ceilings.   cute marker board to write all over at whim. the food? some of the best glorified bar food in town, albiet pricey. sampled several top notch martinis, the smoked salmon app, good chicken burger and sweet potato fries.  place also has bocce ball which makes for a fun diversion. my biggest complaint is the terrible acoustics.  It was so loud my ears hurt and I felt that a hundred people were simulaneously shouting into a steel drum.  Can we put some softies on the wall or something? But then, again, it's a bar.
3	I have enjoyed most of my meals at The Vig on 40th st and the food has always been great but the last two times I visited Uptown I was disappointed. I ordered some guacamole at after a UYE here and it was flavorless. The salsa that came with it was even worse it tasted like tomato paste. I came back the next week and I ordered the double down. The pita bread was good but the hummus and babbaganoush were just okay. If  The Vig Uptown didn't have amazing Vignature drinks with fresh squeezed juice I would probably would start going back to The Vig on 40th st.
4	I've been to The Vig Uptown several times now and I love it, especially during Happy Hour!  The decor is so stylish and everyone is friendly and helpful.  I get the Flatbread Pizza with Tandoori Chicken every time, it's that good.  My husband has ordered something different each time and has liked them all.  Just a word of warning, concrete floors.  So when the place is full it's very loud.  Not a good place for friends to catch up as you have to practically yell at each other.  But when you're eating food this good, who's going to do much talking anyway?
4	Went to this place for the 1st time last night.  I'd been to the other one and loved, loved, loved the atmosphere.  For whatever reason, The Vig likes locations that offer no parking to patrons; you're either forced to get in line to valet, or you park somewhere down the street.  So before we even got into the restaurant, we were nearly in a wreck just sitting in line for valet; not a good way to start the evening.However, the valet guy was quick and friendly, as was the girl at the front desk.  6:30 on a Friday night was a 50 minute wait; not horrible but not ideal.  We squeezed up to the bar and again the service was fast and friendly, then sat back down in the lobby and waited.Once seated, the server was friendly and really efficient.  Everyone's order looked awesome, especially the pizza.  The salmon dish that I had was the best I'd had in quite awhile; a must try if you are there.We went with friends and it was a bit loud, so if you're looking for a place to relax, have a nice meal, and chat, this isn't it.  Not that you're rushed, but it's just too loud to really have a conversation (think sports bar loud).  I'll definitely go again but here are my suggestions:1.  Go after 7pm where you stand a chance to park in the adjacent parking lot (not allowed before 7pm)2.  Don't go starving because you're going to have to wait3. Don't plan on having deep, meaning conversations with the people you're with, but do plan on people watching and enjoying some amazing food.Salud!
4	Went to @TheVigAZ Uptown with @UpAgency this morning to see @BrittneyShipp, and be part of a remote video segment.I will give them a pass for the staff shortcomings today; things were a bit hectic for them, with the news crew being on site.We were there for quite a while, so The Vig provided everyone with a nice "starter" of yogurt, granola, and sliced strawberries. It was delicious, and would easily make a great, light, healthy breakfast.When we were able to order, we chose the french toast, the huevo banco, the Uptown and At 'Em, and one of the childrens dishes. (We shared, and took some home. Don't judge)The french toast was simply AMAZING! Didn't even use the syrup, as it wasn't needed.The huevo banco was also fantastic! It was my first experience with sauteed bananas, and I'm definitely a fan!The pork was juicy and delicious, and the tortilla base was really good.The orange juice was wonderful. The coffee was nice and hot, but not as readily available as I hoped.This was my first experience having an actual meal at The Vig Uptown. I will excuse the issues I observed as being the result of the news crew.In any case, they were not enough to dissuade future visits. In fact, I think The Vig Uptown may soon become a regular haunt for me. I'm hoping to get a good game of bocce ball in.Thanks again to both The Vig and Up Agency, and especially to Ty, for being such a great guy!P.S. One of these days I'll get myself over to the original Vig.
4	Checked out The Vig Uptown for lunch. It wasn't as crowded as I'd heard it gets.  That was good.  Got in. Airy and spacious.  50's architecture inside. The back patio feels like your outdoors but your in.  Wanted to sit out there but there were no tables available.Enjoyed the special salad of the day - a Thai shrimp salad.  Nice fresh greens,  carrots, peppers, citrusy cucumbers, great dressing.  Shrimp was grilled to perfection. Could've used a couple more though. Food there looks really fresh and it's easy to get something that's relatively healthy and light.    Next time I'm going to try the Anchiote Salmon. That looked amazing.  Lots of great flavor combinations going on.
4	I like the original Vig a lot and the Vig Uptown is even better for Phoenix since the "outside" is actually inside but can be opened up during better weather.  Food- I really like all of the food here.  The vings are pretty good and are a great deal for happy hour.  Also the sliders on happy hour are a great deal. Prices- This is my only gripe about the Vig.  Outside of happy hour their food is kind of pricey and their drinks really never get that cheap (even during happy hour).  However, it is all worth it for the bocce ball court and the quality of their drinks and food.Just go during happy hour and you will be glad you did.  Order 2 or 3 of the happy hour food specials and a few drinks."Outdoor" Patio Area- Like I said, the fact that their patio can be indoor or outdoorish is great since it is way too hot to be outside for some parts of the year.  One problem with it being indoors is that the noise gets trapped inside and during happy hour or late-night it can get pretty loud in there.Overall I like this place and will probably keep choosing it over the original Vig to stay in the A/C.  Basically everything else from the original Vig is exactly the same.
3	This was my first time at the Vig - haven't been to the original yet either.  We met some friends for brunch.  Not bad.  The food was a little more out of the box than we expected but good.  They easily and happily made a couple minimal substitutions (not ready for chicken and eggs for breakfast) and the server was very nice.  It's interesting how they turned the old bank into a restaurant.  Love the natural light coming in over the bocce ball court.  Would have loved to play bocce ball but there were kids everywhere playing with the balls.  It's a little loud inside, but not deafening.  It's definitely not a place I would frequent - seemed a little cold - but no regrets on checking it out.
4	Let me just say I have always been a fan of the original Vigs interior. The uptown location is no exception...absolutely fabulous! Each time I visit, I discover a new feature I love about the interior here, right now its the sculptural wall behind the bar. But honestly I have never been impressed by the food, once, and I always want to be...until Tuesday night. First off, had a fantastic waiter, Stuart (a transplant from AZ88) loved him, great service, couldn't have been better. Right there, just for fab decor and an equally fab waiter is 3 stars with me, but tonight the food killed it! Had the Pad Thai and it was incredible! I could not believe how good it was, super flavorful! Finally!
4	Go to the Vig Uptown for the bathrooms alone. Seriously. If you are one of those neurotic people out there like myself who judges establishments and the frequency of which you will attend them by the cleanliness among other features of their bathrooms, then I am thrilled to say you will not be disappointed. The stalls are gigantic, completely separated from top to bottom so you have full privacy and don't have to stare at people's disgusting dirty feet, and best of all, they have a little ledge for your cocktails! Why more places don't consider that sometimes we like to take our drinks to the bathroom with us is beyond me, but it creates a real predicament once you walk into a stall and there's nowhere to put it. Oh, and if I ever become rich I am ripping all of the sinks out of the bathrooms in my condo and replacing them with whoever's sinks are in the Vig. In a word, GORGEOUS!The second thing that makes the new Vig a winner is the Kid's Menu portion of Mac n Cheese. It is so freaking delicious I have no words. Almost tastes like fresh pasta smothered in Velveeta. Plus it costs like $5, possibly $6, whatever, I've never once been able to finish it.Drinks are a little pricey for me to spend as much time as I'd like here, especially with regard to their gorgeous bathrooms, but still affordable enough that I'll come party here once or twice a month.Go check it out for yourself, just watch out for their Sunday Brunch if you're not into babies...because they're everywhere!
5	This place has become one of our "go-to" spots for great food, service and atmosphere. I have yet to find a displeasing entree or appetizer. Some of my faves include the pad thai, cuban ruben, vigan, salmon, and the pork salad. You really can't go wrong at The Vig Uptown!
5	Once upon a time there was a restaurant named Vig. It lived in Arcadia.  It wanted to be cool, but was only half cool because it was constantly infiltrated by the evil clan of douche bags named Scottsdalians.  Then one day Vig met a better neighborhood called Cenpho/Uptown.  They fell in love and made a new Vig in a beautiful mid-century mod Bank in Uptown.  This new Vig was about a zillion times cooler.  Proof that sequels can be better than the original.  (Please see Back to the Future 2, Empire Strikes Back, or Evil Dead 2 for more confirmation of this.) Vig Uptown has an awesome Bocce Ball court in the restaurant.  The food is all good... Ask Juan Schwartz.   The drinks are all well poured.  The bar staff is excellent... They have Tito's handmade vodka in stock and its very well priced.  The crowd is way cooler and the valet's are always on point.  I am a regular at the Vig Uptown, you probably should be too. Oh, and if you live in the neighborhood, the Vig Rig will pick you up and take you home.  He works on tips only, so leave the ride at home and tip the Vig Rig instead of the valet... SO worth it.  ...And i lived happily ever after.
3	The Vig is definitely not a bad place and the new location is a HUGE improvement over the Arcadia location, which was taken over by gross trolls from Scottsdale. The new Vig has great bartenders (Ashley) and nice staff who make you feel like you're home. The food is not exceptional, but it ain't bad either. The mimosas are delic and it's nice place to just hang. BUT the reason they got three stars instead of four, is because they have the WORSE coffee ever. The only place that has nastier tasting coffee is Ticoz. I was also surprised they didn't have 2% milk for coffee drinkers (only whole and cream-dieters beware). My hope is that if I write enough of the same reviews with the same complaints, they'll switch coffee brands and have 2% (or better yet, skim) milk. My inspiration, of course, being Amber and her quest for a vegan burrito, which they now have (go Amber!). I've got my fingers crossed.
5	I've been wanting to check this spot out, but it took me forever to get there. Finally my sis and her husband wanted some food, so off to The Vig Uptown we went.Prior to heading over there, I checked my trusty Yelp, and liked what I saw. I read that it was in some random former bank, but it was not until we arrived at The Vig, did I realize that it was the bank my Dad used to take me as a kid. Waves of positive nostalgia washed over me, this place used to send balloons to kids in cars at the drive thru, and they had a huge Kachina doll there. Weird how memories take you back.Anyway, arriving Sunday night at around 7, the sign informed us to seat ourselves, and we found a great booth near the bar. I was curious to see how they would notice new people arrived, and out of no where, a friendly server showed up. Drinks were ordered, and we took in the venue. As others have described, The Vig Uptown, is remarkably cozy, warm, and urban.I have to confess I love when reuse happens to old buildings. Rather than bulldoze a bank, turn it into a restaurant. Well done, Vig.Drinks arrived, and they were super tasty. My sis doesn't drink (don't judge, every family has a black sheep) but our great server, Michelle, recommended a great drink that didn't contain booze, which my sis loved.The food was amazing, and we even ordered dessert, which was unreal. A brownie sundae sounds simple, and it is, but the execution was outstanding. It was sooo tasty, I highly recommend it.My only recommendation would be that they provide a non-valet parking option. I don't know of other places where there isn't an option to park elsewhere, or on your own. Maybe if I had an impressive car, I would be all about it, but I drive an Xterra, which isn't exactly flush, although I pretend it is a Cayanne.  A boy can dream.Overall, this place is really, really well done. The service, food, and venue are just so well executed, I truly can't wait for the next chance to go there.
4	I like the uptown Vig better than the Arcadia Vig, for several reasons. 1. Uptown has an awesome enclosable patio, and is a much bigger place, which means if I don't want to touch the popped collar d bag roid rage s class driving bozo at the bar when I walk by, I don't have to.2. The bocce ball court does not tilt 15 degrees left.3. The menu is a little better, I think. I love the Turkey Sandwich on pretzel bread with cranberry chutney.4. More TV sets.It's Better!!
4	If you are not too sure where to get your whole group of friends (new or old) to dine out at a "mutual" place that will accommodate everyone, as for food, price, and chic environment, Vig Uptown is on your side! Here, the food is considerably easy to pick, internationally with a twist. Ambience is mordern with sporty style. The patio area is denititely a great chilling spot, in addtion to a cool play-are for adults and kids. I have been taken many out-of-towners here, and they were all satisfied. Prices are decent; location is great; food quality is good with a nice twist; ambience is chic and trendy; completemary valet parking is a plus, but don't forget the tips. I kudo Vig Uptown.
3	I really like this place... Been to the 40th Street location many times....but this place is very open....I love the patio and the bar... What a great find!Last evening I joined friends for coffee and desert.   I had a great time just soaking up the atmosphere. They had a DJ playing music which was very nice for a Saturday night out.    I look forward to my next visit soon. Totally recommend it. P.S. The Lemon Bar on the desert menu is sooooooooooooooo good!!!I give it a three because I need to go and have a full dinner...but the outlook is very good....
4	Cool place to stop by for a drink or a laid back dinner during the week.  Large back patio with a chic gas fireplace and a bocce ball court.  I had the horseradish crusted tilapia, and it was tasty :)  Didn't care so much for the fried crab stuffed portabella thing on the side, but overall, at $14 the entree was a steal.  They also have a delicious curry aioli that's good for fry dipping.Parking lot is valet only - a little annoying, but at least it's free.  We'll be back!
2	I'm still waiting to find out what the big deal is about this place. The place itself was nice. However, the cocktails were awful and the food was decent, but nothing special. Not to mention that the service was slow and inattentive.
2	I wanted to have a birthday party on the Vig patio with 20-30 people.  I was told I would have to give a $250 deposit and at the end--they keep $100 (just to have the priveledge to sit out there).  Um---no thanks....I will take my $$  elsewhere.
4	I finally made it up here last Friday night and was pleasantly surprised.  From the outside it looks like exactly the kind of place I avoid, it screams douchebag central, but on the inside it's open and airy and pleasant.  They have a "patio" in the back part of the restaurant the while totally enclosed gives the impression of being outside - perfect for Phoenix.  Because it was a Friday night they had a DJ spinning friendly down tempo stuff that didn't intrude on our conversation.  Nicely done.The nachos with tandoori chicken were excellent and more than enough for two adults.  The service was quick and polite.  There were many food options for late night (we were there after 11pm) and the prices were reasonable.Now for the bad.  The beer selection was rather weak and they clearly don't serve a lot of Hoegaarden as it came in a regular pint glass.  That is unacceptable.  If they can figure out how to serve beer then they'll have a very good thing going.
4	I am a big fan of both the Vig and the Uptown Vig, but I like the Uptown Vig only because there is never any wait for a table.  Though I am sure the Uptown would prefer some wait because that would mean more people, more money, etc.Back to the Uptown: great trendy layout with a sweet indoor patio that gives the illusion of being outside without the sweltering heat or desert night cold.  The menu is eclectic drawing inspiration from Thai, Indian, American and Mexican cuisines.  My favorite are the Nachos.  They are ginormous and packed with every ingredient you might ever want topping chips.  The sweet potato fries are also delightful.They have a few specials, which elude me now, but I remember one involves 20 bucks for wine and an appetizer.  Also they have Hoegaarden on tap which is a plus.
4	I've been to the original Vig and although I was a fan of the patio I was not a fan of the service. The service here was a bit better. I loved the vibe of this place and the Arizona room was pretty cool. The area next to the fireplace looks like a great place to hang out and have drinks. The portions here pretty big, but I ordered the horseradish crusted tilapia and the serving was just right. It came with a quarter of a stuffed mushroom, which was different, but good. The roasted red pepper sauce that accompanied the fish was a great compliment. And the potatoes were yummy too. Everyone else had sandwiches, which were huge and enough for lunch the next day. The crabmeat and artichoke dip was also tasty. I loved the atmosphere of this place much more than the Arcadia location and although this place is a little further form home and you have to valet, this is the one I will return to. I actually came back the day after my first visit just to have dessert in the Arizona room and so Mike could check it out. He liked it better too!
5	Soo, I decided to finally try this place out thats close to the house. I took a date here on a Friday night. I was a huge Fan of the place from the minute we got there. I loved the vibe of the place and the friendly staff. When we arrived we were told about specials and wait time....so we hit up the bar and waited for our table. Enjoy'd some good Red wine. and our host found us and took us to our table.We order the Gumbo and the Carne Asada plates. Both were good. But the GUMBO WAS GREAT!!! would def order again....
2	I really like the atmosphere of the Vig Uptown,I just wish I could say the same for the food.   It's just not vegetarian friendly.  Yes, they have a greasy vegetable sandwich, and Yes, they can modify many menu items to be vegetarian, but a salad with no protein, is just not exciting.  It really frustrates me when restaurants say, "Well we can do this without the meat..." that may have been acceptable 15 years ago, but NOT when 10% of the US population follow a vegetarian diet!  We like to eat good food too!  Sorry for ranting, but for a new restaurant that portrays a Hip/modern image, they are not living up to it.  I've been to Vig Uptown several times because my BF likes it, but last night he said his potato pancake was not very good and the portion size of his carne continues to decrease every time he orders it.  I will say that the Vig has great sangria, tasty specialty drinks, and I've always had good service.  It's hard to say I won't be back, because that's probably not true... I can say I will not be back for the food!
5	This place had amazing food for reasonable prices. They have tiny card games at the tables which was pretty neat too, it keeps you busy while you wait for your food. The bar was neat, and the atmosphere was ok. I did not enjoy the music, and it was too loud to ignore. The service was pretty good, but the waitress made my friends and I uncomfortable, like we shouldn't have been there. It might have just been that one particular girl, and I would still go back. Don't dress too casual...
4	The Vig Uptown... What a cool, hip place to be. This is the Vig's second location to their 40th Street location. Uptown is a little farther from my area of town, being located on 16th Street & Bethany Home, but I definitely don't mind the drive to enjoy a spiffy drink in a sweet setting. Taking an old bank and converting it into a modern tavern is always a cool layout for a modern hangout. The history of the building gives residents in the area familiarity with the building and helps it become a casual meeting place.Bocce Ball is one of the best casual games to play and it's perfect while hanging out with friends having a drink and some decent food. Uptown has created an atrium with large windows to open when the weather is under 100 haha and closed to also allow natural light into the patio. The bocce ball area is somewhere I could spend all afternoon and evening hanging out with friends. The Vig does a great job at their design work to create the cool, hip place to be... somewhere you can spend hours. The drinks here are also why this modern tavern is one of my favorite places to go. They do really good renditions of cocktails that utilize seasonal and fresh fruits, etc. in their drinks. One of my favorites is the Bombasiled ($9): Bombay Sapphire Gin, strawberry puree and fresh basil and a splash of lemonade is a great fresh cocktail. A favorite with the night crowd, that I've noticed, is the Statutory Grape ($9): 3 olives grape vodka, blue curacao, sweet n' sour, grenadine and Sprite. They also have a great selection of craft beers on tap, including the local Four Peaks Brewery. The food here at the Vig Uptown is also very good for being a modern tavern. Elevated bar food would be close to short changing the food here. Their sweet potato fries are probably my 2nd favorite sweet potato fry in the Valley to accompany the very good VigAzz Burger. Overall, this is a great place to hang out, have a drink, some good food and enjoy the company of friends. And one of the perks to the Vig.... the VigRig: Their complimentary shuttle service for those who occasionally indulge in the decadent adult beverages.PS. My only qualm... Cougars. Yikes!
5	Like the original Vig in "Arcadia Baja", this newest location is one of my fave, elegant, mature, yet fun places to hang, nosh, nibble and imbibe.  The parking's just as bad (except I like the valets at this location), so you really don't have to worry about it.  Just drop off your keys and go.This location is decidedly larger, much larger patio, yet retains the cool vibe of the original (except you can actually locomote to the bathroom in this location without spilling someone's drink). The concept scaled well, IMHO.Food is fantastic.  Everything I've had has been great; innovative pairings of flavors and textures. The happy hour menu changes daily I believe, if not weekly and there's always something adventurous to try.  Full bar and good selection of beers on tap.  I usually get a draft Stella (or 5 ) when I'm there, but you'll not be wont for lack of beverage options.Best aspects -- a tossup between decor & service. Both are phenomenal.  This is a great place to go with your friends for a weeknite dinner, a special occasion one-on-one or for business meetings with clients.  5 stars all the way.
4	Unceasingly and increasingly has this been my "go-to" place. The prices, along with the quality of service gets you that little extra something to complete your VIG experience. With their happy hour prices and friendly staff, it takes a lot to say " no" to a stop here for some food or a quick cocktail. Why not?Apparently, All are welcome!Enjoy. E.
4	I enjoyed my evening at the Vig Uptown.  Solid Persian Chicken kabob, with an unmentioned shirin polo accompaniment (they just call the accompaniment by the contents instead, probably for the sake of simplicity).  Kudos for offering good wine at a bargain price, also.  We had a bottle of their Spanish garnacha for only $21.  It went very well with my dish, and someone in my group who had the pork chop (which included a cherry/dijon reduction) loved that pairing, also.
4	Love the Vig Uptown's vibe, decor and oh yeah, food!  The only thing that I tried that I thought was just ok, was the Pad Tia.  The sandwiches are wonderful, would prefer large cut fries more, but I still enjoy the shoestring type.  A friend of ours, a die hard foodie, Loved the pork chop with the polenta and cherry sauce... if we had looked away for a second I'm sure she would have licked the plate!!!All in all, the only bad experience we had was the forced valet service.  Just drives me crazy that a restaurant uses the main parking lot for "free" valet, when it should be for customers, and valet down to another lot.  No such thing as free... then people sneak into lots down the way to save the tip.  If this was Chicago, or New York I could see it, but not Phoenix.  But don't let that keep you away...
4	Holy hell. How is this Vig so much better than the other one? After visiting for the first time yesterday, I was angry at myself for waiting so long to make it there. Did you think The Vig could get any sexier? Well it can. It's called The Vig Uptown. When it was freezing ass cold outside yesterday and I was in my jacket, hat, scarf and sweater, the "outdoor" area was a dream come true. The fire and a cup of coffee was the perfect ending. As always the staff is great, the food is amazing at a great price and the place always makes me feel swanky as shit. New home away from home.!!
4	So fun and yet quite different from the original Vig. Surrondings- You cant help but love the fact that the bar staff has a shake weight behind the bar! The white board wall is a total hoot by the end of the night, anything from robots , birthday shout outs, and a overly clever dog with a monocle.Food- If you dont have the Deconstructed fish taco you are not living. I am not a fish taco or taco salad kind of person but this .. this.. this.. is just so good! also i heard the burger rocks.Staff- although it took a bit for the bartender to get behind the bar, i may have been in during the shift change, she was right there the whole time i was there. always eager to make me smile and get me what I needed.Cocktail and applesauce-(minus the applesauce)- I have had many on the specialty drink menu and all are good nothing spectacular, n=but decent although kinda on the pricy side.Overall- You will have good eats and good fun no matter midday lunch or a night on the town. P.S- if you go late on weekends be sure to dress up!
4	Thank God that The Vig wasn't open when I lived just down the street!  I would've lived there!  I was back in town in the fall and after brunch across the street at Dick's we needed MORE post-brunch champers.  Over to The Vig we went.  How darn cute!  When I lived in Phoenix, this was a BofA training center and my standard ATM spot.  I like it better as The Vig.  We enjoyed many, many of the $5 mimosas with your choice of fresh juices (orange, grapefruit, strawberry or watermelon).  Yummy!  We stayed so long and drank so many mimosas that we had to order nachos.  They were really tasty.Sitting out on the patio in late October in short sleeves with friends and champagne was delightful for this Chicagoan.
3	My boyfriend  and I just had a nice dinner at The Vig Uptown  last night.We really liked it .I noticed huge portions!! I guess that  is a style of that restaurant! Bread pudding was delicious:)
5	I love this place. I'll be back there again. The cheesecake and sweet potato fries are some of the best I've had in the valley, and the ambiance was great, especially that fireplace!
3	I had a difficult time finding the place but alas, I did.  LoL.Only parking is through a valet which is thumbs down for me.  Luckily I walked from Starbucks across the street to meet friends.  I love the door, it's big and the entrance is pretty nice, as you would expect a pretentious Snottsdale wannabe restaurant would be.The staff was very friendly and nice.  The food was a-ok for me.  I had the Greek salad and was on par with every Greek salad I've had before.  My friend's dishes looked pretty good in presentation.  My friend didn't like the gumbo and hardly touched it.  The rest of them liked their food from the clean plates and to-go boxes in the end!I noticed the bocce ball game in the back patio dining area.  That looked cool actually.  Big windows and modern design is a thumbs up for me.I will give this place another try with another dish to really make a solid opinion.
4	I had the most delicious salad there yesterday!  The steak salad with mixed greens, balsamic vin dressing, blue cheese, tomatoes, radishes, etc.  Really fresh tasting and a large serving!  Our server was great!
5	Any day, any time is the right time to head over to The Vig Uptown. Awesome food, great drinks, and an atmosphere that is only Vig! Try the crab artichoke dip - you will thank me later!
5	LOVED this place! Great small plates for sharing made it easy to try so many different types of food offered there! It was great to be able to feed three girls off three small plates! I love the area that it's in and how they are trying to revive it. Such an expansive restaurant with cool outdoor seating and two bar locations. Good prices on beer and food as well. Service was great and our server was the bartender as well. Really enjoyed the whole experience and the nachos were a table favorite!
4	Happy hour at the Vig is... a m a z i n g. The portions and prices on all the appetizers are incredible and the simple beer list is still full of tasty, hoppy goodness. You can't pass up the Hot Vings, the Trifecta sliders or the Tandoori Chicken flatbread pizza...they're cheap, they taste great, and they're hearty portions (for appetizers).In fact...all this talk about delicious food...I'm going back right now!
4	First trip to the uptown location ,had some late night drinks and snacks with friends. Solid and what I've come to expect from the Vig.
3	3.5 stars. Decent service, prices on delicious food ( the artichoke dip app is amazing!) It was the little things (like silverware at our table and regular checkbacks from our server) that made it less than 5 stars. Also, the appearance of some scantily clad women ( on a chilly Sunday afternoon no less) with loud voices and awful facia plastic surgery  was a little odd. At any rate my group of 6 ladies met for an annual magazine club (we have no time for fictional books as many of us are in grad school) and the place was perfect. Good live music too.
4	Had lunch Saturday (12/19/2011) there with a group of girls and to our delight the draft beers were half price!  We sat in the "outdoor" covered patio area which is nice and bright and open.The service was very attentive and the food was good.  All of our seven meals were served at almost exactly the same time so no awkward waiting.I had the chili rubbed salmon with the chorizo corn cake and asparagus and loved every bite.  The portion size was perfect.  They have a good selection of beer (I had the nimbus) imported, domestic, and local.I had two drafts (1/2 price), and my entree and my bill was $24 before tip.
4	This place has a great vibe. SWANKY- definitely. The menu selection is varied- which I love! So many different options. The prices are good. I'd go back in a heartbeat.
4	Went on a Saturday night for a last minute meet up with some friends. First, free valet there is awesome. So thankful that I don't have to drive around looking for somewhere to park. We ate earlier so just ordered some drinks at first. Our friends, however, had a lovely spread before them. BBQ wings, hummus, and some sandwhich (not sure which). They had never been to the Vig but were quite happy with the food and ate almost everything. They loved the baba ganoush so much that they asked for more along with more pita bread. The waitress want nice enough to bring another helping. Our friend wanted to try another wine, she asked the waitress to suggest something a little dryer. I was impressed because the waitress was able to suggest an alternative that my friended ended up loving. She was well versed in their wine which was fantastic!As our first group of friends left and we got a text from a group of girl friends that were just arriving so we decided to stay. They all ordered a Take Bethany Home and let me try. It was pretty delish and definitely unique! It is a blend of cucumber vodka, watermelon puree, fresh lemon, and agave nectar. Who knew cucumber vodka would be good. My Irish husband was over the moon because Jamison was on special whe month of March because of St. Patty's day so he got a shot of the 12 year to sip on and by this time we were hungry so we ordered the bbq wings we had seen our friends eating. They were fantastic, great flavor and a little spicy. I didn't even put ranch on them! Very goodAs far as the night atmosphere at this location it was very low key. I was surprised because the other vig gets very crowed. The Uptown location was full of patrons but not so full that you couldn't walk around of find a seat. We even managed to get the bocce ball court for a bit.I am going to go to for brunch one day for sure!
4	Great, inspired bar food in an upbeat, raucous environment.  Had a nice weekend dinner there with a business associate.  Sadly, they don't have the pullled pork sandwich on a pretzel bun that's at the 40th St. location, but the Persion Chicken Kebabs more than made up for it.  Terrific draft and bottled beer selection for folks like me that like microbrewed pale ales and IPAs.  Went back with my wife and another couple for a Friday happy hour ($5 plates, drink specials) that turned into 4 hours.  Great Indian pizza and fun appetizers.  Very attentive service both times I've been there.  One word of caution -- it can get LOUD, especially at happy hour.
4	I've only ever been able to actually PLAY bocce once at the Vig, and that goes for both locations, but it's hard to hold that against the place when the people watching is so good... If you don't meet someone you already  know or find at least one person here you'd like to give the "what's up" nod (and that counts for you marrieds too), then I don't know what's going on...The building used to be a bank. I like to think of it as recycled. But there's nothing secondhand about the visual. The decor is trendy chic, and the seating is all pretty comfortable - go ahead and be a Goldilocks, there are couches, booths, chairs, barstools, all for the trying.Smokers hang out in the front yard, leaving the back patio and bocce area for diners and cocktail drinkers making for a very pleasant alfresco experience. You can try the specialty vodka distilled in Alameda, CA or go for your tried and true. It's all good here. Like other places in town, the food is American Bistro with good deals, spendier items, and always solid, savory flavors. I've had good service even when it's hoppin'. Complimentary valet parking makes this a pain-free experience.
5	You had me at gluten free menu. Then you sealed the deal with your Strongbow Cider and free ride home service. I'm in love! The tandori nachos are amazing as was their gluten free burger. I don't think you can understand just how exciting it is to eat a hamburger with a bun for once. The patio area had a great atmosphere and my waiter was the greatest!
2	Feast for the eyes, this old bank building is a cornucopia of mixed materials from glass to wood to concrete to steel to block to brick and astroturf. Dining a mixed bag, but you're sure to SEE something you like. [blink]--best seat in thehouse is the corner by the fire--bacchi (sp?) Ball court just like home vig location--hip urban feel which is difficult to find downtown.--great service, attentive and super friendly.--she even caught the bartender (it was hard to miss) shaking the shit out of my martini, stopped him and made him start over.--rib eye fatty, not trimmed, and in pieces. Horrible cut.--spinach puree very interesting, but doesn't work as presented. (Wants to surround the dish, not be shuffled off on the side)--so too go the potatoes. Gratin slightly burned and wants to be as elegant as the architectural lines of the building. Redesign this plate!--burger, although ordered medium, arrived charred but RAW!!--onion rings nothing to write home about.--banana bread pudding rich enough to serve 4. split it, or--hot fudge sundae. NICE!not many places in town which are Hipster, Trendy, Romantic, Casual AND Classy. Nice hang out.
5	Strongbow! Strongbow! Strongbow! Enough said...Well not really. I would like to thank the Managers at The Vig Uptown for allowing the Phoenix Social Club to ram pack the Sunday Funday last month. The wait staff was more then welcoming. When some of the tables were moved by the attendies the wait staff worked around it to make the event peaceful.The specials that were offered the day of the Social Club event were appreciated.
4	I was able to enjoy the Vig on a recent trip to Phoenix from Tucson. Lucky for me it was their one-year anniversary and I was able to score some half-off appetizers and drinks with two other gals. We ordered three appetizers and a "couple" drinks and our bill was $37. AWESOME. . The restaurant itself was very roomy and seemed to occupy a large amount of people.  It was neat the restaurant walls were completely open to the patio giving the place an open atmosphere.  I was really impressed by the live music, although I'm not sure if that is a normal occurance on a Sunday afternoon here. Our drinks were delicious, service was attentive. Our server and James let me charge my phone somewhere in the back and continued to remind me they had it.... not that I could forget it. I REALLY enjoyed that it was in the neighborhood of my lovely "Phoenix" friend Teresa who invited me, needless to say I will be back if I'm in the area.
4	Oh goodness, if I could move in here, I just might consider it. I've been here several times for brunch/lunch and have always been pleased. They have great specials and reasonable prices. I love sitting in the big, glassy sunny patio area. It feels like being outside but it's climate-controlled!I've had a few things on the menu: the breakfast skillet, tandoori chicken pizza, wings and the salmon plate. Everything has been absolutely perfect and delicious. Id like to go back to see if the dinner menu and experience is as great as lunch. if it is, I'll happily kick my review up to 5 stars. Also, I was there on their anniversary day and it wasn't crazy busy or overwhelmingly loud...big plus! They had music playing but it wasnt the kind you had to scream over to talk to your friend three feet away, something i feel I see too much of.
5	I love this place!  I recently started going and its great!  I even love the lazy cat that lounges around!  (secretly I check to make sure its still alive) - but all in all, love it!
5	My boyfriend decided to take me here one rainy Saturday afternoon, which made everything so much better to start; it was my first time hearing about it, and I am always excited to try new places! As we walked inside I immediately noticed the contemporary decor, which definitely added to the initial appeal. Once we were seated  (which didn't take long at all), and took a look at the menu I was definitely in a dilemma because everything sounded so good, not to mention the names of the dishes were attractive. Before actually ordering food (since I still had to decide), we got drinks in which were not shy on the liquor (I got their Get Tang'd, which has bacardi O, fresh squeezed OJ, sprite with a Tang rim), and my boyfriend chose a nice glass of red from their extensive wine list...When it came time to get food we started off with their  Crabmeat Artichoke Dip, which is a mix of a rich cheesy fondue with crabmeat and artichoke hearts, served with spiced pita chips. The only downfall here was that they ran out of pita chips, and had to substitue with tortilla chips, until they were done baking. I wasn't too bummed, since the chips worked just as well, and the waitress soon brought us out some fresh pita bread to enjoy! For the main coarse we went with their delicious Pad Thai (traditional spicy thai street food with rice noodles, shrimp, tofu, bean sprouts, peanuts, tamarind, egg and lime), which is one of my favorite dishes in the world! I was truly amazed by how well the flavors worked together. What made this dish even better was that we were able to share and still be full!Overall the service was great! We didn't feel as if we were being rushed, or bothered while eating, and again it was a gorgeous day to go to such a trendy, decently priced restaurant. I would definitely go back, rain or shine...Also, keep in mind they have two locations, with slightly different menus:  http://www.thevig.us/    enjoy :)
5	I came to phx and I might stay for The Vig.If you come for the specials then you come to the right place, a lot of the places here in PHX are not classy till you hit the Scottsdale area. As for the Vig, it feels just like a chill place should feel like. It has all the amenities a relaxing place should have. The music playlist it agreeable and ohhh soo pleasing. Also, why all of sudden are people so interesting to talk to. No "tear in my beer", or "Me-Monsters"...Vig- Single serving greatness.   I kinda of picture this place as the common mans place to go to after work. The bar has great 'tenders and the day time specials are nice on the pockets. Haven't tried the Vig Rig, but next time for sure. Oh...and they have SLEEPYDOG!...I am a fan of this local brew.NOte: Make sure your mates pay their tab, cuz they will be instructed to never come back.   R\_
3	I don't drink, so my review will not be intoxicated by anything except the building.  I gave it two stars for the building.  They did a beautiful job with the remodel (I'm a mid-century and Haver fan.)  The food wasn't anything to write home about.  I have to admit that I'm particularly tough on restaurants filled with...I don't know what to call them...scenesters, I guess.  Service was ok.  Its not BAD, mind you, its just that I don't get it.  I guess if you're paying with credit cards all the time, you don't care how much mediocre food costs, as long as it makes you feel cool about eating there.
4	Back again.  Still thinking about the flatbread pizza w/ tandoori chicken. I told my friend not to order it as an appetizer b/c I felt it would be too much food intake.  One of the best things I've eaten in a while.  I can't wait to order that as my MAIN dish next time. Soooooo good. You gotta try it!The chutney and all the flavor combinations were perfect.  It didn't sound so special on the menu, but it is!
4	My meal was great; the decor / layout is great also, with a lovely patio out back. The only downsides are parking, and the fact that the entrance is also their smoking area - you approach the entrance and see nothing but ashtrays!  I can't imagine what it's like when you arrive at night ... not a good way to start your dining experience.  Parking - it's valet only and no street parking; the valet is complementary, but I don't like having someone else park my car (and of course you should tip, so 'free' means at least $5).
2	It's been a year since I was here? It's really been that long? Sadly, I'm keeping my rating the same. A whole year & it's still not vibing with me well.Ended up here on a Wednesday around 11pm.We couldn't order food. Nothing. Zip. Nada. The kitchen was closed. It's only 11 & we came over here because The Vigs have great late night food. LameThe bar had people at it so we cozied up by the fire. Romantic.The server was really nice.The music mix was great. Music is a big deal for me.The drinks were watered down. BAD BAD BAD! Why would a bartender serve cocktails in a pint glass & water them down?! Yuck!Both times I've been here they can't get the drinks right. I might never go back for drinks.
5	LOVE THE ATMOSPHERE HERE! The server was very friendly and personable.  I took my mom here when she was in town from Colorado after my boyfriend recommended it.  It's all inside, but you feel like you are outside.  It is important to note that it is NOT THE SAME MENU as the VIG, but that does not discount the food quality whatsoever.  There is small overlap so that I am not confusing anyone.  Menu is not overwhelming, it is actually relatively small, but I liked that.  It's cool to see a spin off of the same restaurant in a different area.
5	Always have great time here! The staff are super friendly and the food and drinks are delish! Sundays are great for half-off bottles of wine and their guacamole is a must. For lunch I'd recommend The Frenchy with their sweet potato fries. Yum!
3	I have been to the original Vig and was happy to see that they were opening the Vig Uptown within walking distance of mi casa.  So far, I've only been able to schlep over on weekends for brunch.  I'll say that the food is good, but the service on my last trip was pretty lacking.  At one point, my BF & I sat for nearly 20 minutes between the coffee delivery and the actual order taking.  That seemed to be the standard for the day in what was a pretty empty restaurant.  kept me from giving that 4th star for sure.
4	This place is a haven for architecture buffs, especially those with an interest in mid-century modern stuff. The renewal of the old Arizona Bank branch has yielded a wonderful open, naturally bright-but-not-too-bright  human space. The area with the bocce court feels like an ideal patio straight out of Sunset magazine or something.They have one of the better happy hour menus around. A favorite of mine is the Indian flatbread (with the tastes of tandoori chicken and chutney). Good deals on drinks as well.The Saturday-Sunday brunch is served from 10 to 2 each day, and there's a whole lot of creativity going on with the items offered. I've never had a bad dish here.Complaints? Well, no self-parking during busy times--all valet. At least these guys know how to drive a stick. That's not always the case.
1	Wow. I've enjoyed @TheVigAZ Uptown on all my previous visits.My most recent experience could rightly be called the opposite of everything before.I am recently single. I decided yesterday to get out of the house to get out of my funk.I did something I really never do; I went out, alone.I don't really like to go out into social situations alone, for a number of reasons, not the least of which is that I think society tends to treat individuals who are in a social setting as pariahs.The servers at The Vig Uptown hammered home how much that notion of being a pariah is true.I went out onto the back patio area, and sat down.There were two or three other tables with people out there, and the inside wasn't packed.I watched as one server fawned over one particular table, but failed to even acknowledge my presence.My irritation increased when a couple new people arrived, and joined the group already at that table. They then relocated to the seating around the fire pit.The server was quick to attend to the new arrivals, and even enlisted the assistance of another server in getting all fresh glasses of water for everyone.And yet, I sat.There were two other servers that were attending to the other tables, but neither of them seemed to notice my presence, either.I sat for just over 20 minutes with nary a nod of the head, much less a glass of water, or a drink order. Sad, because I was looking forward to trying the orange kreamsicle.I decided my singular presence was not welcome.As I exited the building, I informed the young lady at the front that I had waited 20 minutes without so much as a visit to ask if I wanted to order anything.I suppose one might argue that I could merely have flagged someone down, rather than come home and write an angry tirade on Yelp.But no, it is not my obligation as your customer to be seen, it is entirely your obligation, as a service-based business, to be attentive of your customers, and serve their needs.On this day, you fell flat on your face.I don't know if that has pushed me to the point I will not return, but I definitely have some animosity over this experience.
4	I love the Vig Uptown for it's atmosphere and good drinks.  This is always a stand by place for me when no one can think of or agree on a place to go.  The food is decent and can meet the tastes of anyone in your group.
4	The Vig is a breath of fresh air as far as the bar scene goes in uptown Phoenix. Nice ambiance, good vibes from both customers and employees, and overall a great concept. Anyone can come here and feel comfortable.We went for burger night (Monday night people!), not knowing what to expect... Here's what to expect: a giant effing specialty burger (3 to choose from), cooked to perfection, served with a hearty portion of fries or sweet potato fries! FOR 5 BUCKS!Our waiter was either stoned or really new at his job... I'll give him the benefit of the doubt even though he talked like Jeff Spicolli, and say that he was probably just new. But hey, I'm not gonna bitch on $5 burger night...
4	@TheVigAZ Uptown has redeemed themselves.I went last night with a friend, just for cocktails. Sat on the patio.Our server was very attentive, and made us both feel very comfortable.I finally got to try the Oranje Kreamsicle.OHEMMGEEIt tastes almost exactly like a 50/50 bar, with vodka.And seriously, that's just awesome!My companion had a couple glasses of cab, and had no complaints.The DJ arrived, and had a pretty decent selection of music.I ordered the double down, and it was really delicious. The baba ganoush was really flavorful.Overall a nice time was had.(Full disclosure; as a result of my previous experience, I was contacted by the owner, who apologized, and sent me a gift card, which I used last night. It did not cover the tab entirely, so I do not feel any bias should be assumed, as there exists none. My review is as honest as it would be if I were paying 100%. That being said, Thank You Mr. Woodbury. I will definitely be returning to The Vig Uptown)I have yet to try the original Vig. I should do that.
4	Sunday evening my hubby & I were looking for a place to have dinner & The Vig came to mind so off we went. It was pretty early, about 5:45pm, so we beat the dinner crowd. We were seated in a comfy booth with a view of their open area patio. I know this is such a girl thing to say, but I love their bathroom sinks! For starters we got the crab & artichoke dip. It was rich & creamy & just the right amount for 2 people. The spiced pita chips that came with were a yummy pairing. I also got a cocktail, captain appleseed. It smelled just like apple pie but was a bit too strong for my liking. For our entrees; my hubby got the rubin's cuban sandwich with a mixed green salad & I got the horseradish crusted tilapia that came with a crab stuffed portobello, asparagus, potatoes & a roasted red pepper sauce. Hubs loved his sandwich & salad, everything tasted extremely fresh. I also loved my fish & every single side, I cleaned my plate which means I was hungry & it was delicious! Even though I was stuffed, I had to get dessert. I got the bread pudding with vanilla ice cream to go. We dug in later that night & it was pretty good, big enough for 2-3 people.Total (not including tip) for a cocktail, an app, 2 entrees & dessert was about $57. A lil pricey but the food was great so I'd say it's worth it!
2	I live just down the street, so I finally went here with a friend a few weeks ago.  The ambiance is nice and it seems like a fun place to hang out and have a drink.  The food on the other hand, was pretty blah.  We shared a french dip sandwich and some chips and guacamole.  Both were of similar quality to food that you would find at any chain restaurant.  I was not impressed at all.  I would definitely go back for a drink, but will refrain from eating there again.
3	Love the tacos, their specialty and a must-have. Friendly staff. Low lighting, good ambiance. Reasonable prices. Easy parking.Cannot comment on this place as a late bar and hence the 3 stars. Earlier in the evening, you get families with kids eating there, which is not my thing. But otherwise, great.Will check this out some night around 11pm and see if it moves up to a 4 ;-)
3	Cool indoor/outdoor feel, out of the way place.  Wasn't too busy on a wednesday night.  Great summer cocktails including a fantastic gin drink called Bombasiled.  Had the house guacamole which was good but came with what we thought was a salsa but tasted more like tomato gaspacho, not much flavor.  i had the grilled veggie sandwich which had good flavor and big portion but some of the veggies were still cold in the middle of the sandwich.  Sweet potato fries were delish!  Will be back for the drinks and may make a second go at the food.
4	I really dig this place. From the outside you can't tell what this place has to offer. The decor/setting is great. It's neither a dress up or down sort of place, it's really what you want to make of it. They have a great Bocci play area towards the back with an enclosed patio. And t.v's all around so you can catch a game or what have you.My fave drink that the bartender turned me onto was a Moscow muleDrink Recipe Ingredients:    1.5 oz. Vodka     3 oz. ginger beer    1 teaspoon(s) sugar syrup    .25 oz. lime juice    1 sprig(s) mint    1 slice(s) lime(s)Definitely check it out if you're looking for a 'lax evening with good company!
5	This past weekend I went to The Vig Uptown twice because it was that  good. This is a perfect place to hangout with friends and get a bite to eat with a really great drink menu. What I love most about this place is that it is very modern and the people are pretty chill. The cherry on top is the games they have to offer, Bocce and Bags!Drinks1. Moscow Mule is a perfect nice refreshing drink to order, made with Vodka/Ginger beer and fresh lime juice. 2. If you bring in your own "pimp cup" any size, They will fill it up with the mixed drink called Pimms Cup.Food1. VigAzz burger is my favorite food item to order because the pretzel bread is amazing.2. Thai spicy Vings here are probably one of my favorite wings that i've ever had so I highly recommend getting them.
5	Note: gluten free doesn't mean that there's no upcharge for having gluten in your food. It actually means that there's NOT any gluten in your food. I think of it like this: it is FREE of gluten. There. And it tastes awesome at The Vig.I'm like the next guy when it comes to gluten. I'm all in when it comes to other obscure food things like lutein and lycopene but sometimes you just get the itch to eat something without gluten that tastes like something with gluten. And that's where The Vig shines. You can get a hamburger without gluten in the bun and you can get a gluten-free (see note above) black bean burger as well. Both excellent. Sweet potato fries are the best you've ever had. No kidding. Drinks can be ordered gluten-free but it really isn't necessary unless you're getting some kind of doughy drink or something. Pisco Sour doesn't have any dough or gluten...but I digress.The crowd is cool, the service is spot-on and you will love it here. Order off the menu if you're on a date. You'll look impressive, "Let's see...can you ask the chef to make me a gluten-free horseradish tilalpia fish, hold the horseradish AND the gluten."Moscow Mule will kick you like an angry mule from Russia and you'll be saying 'nada mas!' to the San Jacinto Blood Orange/Vodka Sour. Again, it's off the menu.
2	I am NOT a fan of the original Vig...at all... but I was surprised by the new uptown location.I've been there twice.  The first time was great-  got there just after happy hour.   Ordered a number of appetizers.  Salmon appetizer was pretty good to share, but wouldn't order it again.  The flatbread tandoori was pretty good, and would recommend the carne on a potato pancake.The second time was on a dinner date- last Saturday.   WAY too loud- full of guys yelling at football games on the TVs  & their girlfriends trying to act interested.   Not just in the bar area, either- at random tables through the dining area.   Greek salad recommended by the waiter was "meh" at best.      Hot Chick sandwich was pretty good, and the guac was great, but the atmosphere ruined it.
5	Their food is SO good, the bar staff is AWESOME, and the Vig Rig will take you home. The Vig Uptown is one of my favorite spots to spend a weekend evening.
5	"Extremely Cool Without Being Pretentious"Second time at the Vig Uptown.  Brunch.  Just really cool modern surroundings... but not just surface modern, but deep modern aesthetics that just feel comfortable and real.Sat in the atrium type outside, which is really like an inside garage with big windows and air conditioning.  It's like being outside in the best temperature in Phoenix, even if it's over 100 degrees.Food was very good.  Relatively large portions for an upscale establishment.My wife had the $15 salmon, recommended by the server as the best thing on the menu, and it did not disappoint.  Would easily cost 2x at other restaurants, and probably be worth it. I had the Hangover cure, and it was easily enough food to take home and have for breakfast the next day.  Very tasty for $10.  And I got the $3 spicy bloody mary that came with it, which was one of the best bloody mary's I've ever had.At noon, on the Sunday we went, a really nice band came in and played some great acoustic rock, very nice.  It was one of the best brunch experiences we've had in Phoenix.Add to this the fact that all wine on the menu, if ordered by the bottle, is 50% off, and that's an outstanding deal.We'll be back.  I kicked myself for not coming back sooner.  My five star is a rating that is influenced by pricing.  I am a cheap bastard with expensive tastes, so I reward a restaurant that I not only feel I had great food, nice ambiance, and good service, but that I got my money's worth.And The Vig Uptown is all that and then some.  I strongly recommend it to all.
5	I really like the new Vig.  Mondays are a great day to check it out as it's $5 burger day and the Vigazz burger with an egg on top is amazing!  Can't beat the indoor Bocci Ball court.  Free valet is nice also considering the continued the Vig tradition of barely any parking.  I'll definitely be headed back
5	I am sorry, but I really like this place. It has become a staple for my friends and I to spend our Monday and Thursday nights at this establishment.  They do treat their patrons as well as they know they can...and I am glad for that. Jason, the bartender. 5 stars. I feel if he ever leaves this place it may lose what makes the Vig so great. Jason is to the VigU as Steve is to Apple. Thats how I look at it.Food:  Burger! Burger! I don't buy food here, because I like to cook my own food, but when I do its on Monday and I have not been able to find such a great burger for such a great price. #they sell out cuz it's such a great value. I do not even want to entertain the idea or repercussions if they ever decide not to offer the Monday burger special deal.Beer: Sleepy dog. Sleeeepy dog on Thursday for 5dolla pitcher...mix a little espresso vodka and it's an unrepudiated fact that you will like it and if you do not, you need to find a doctor because you might be crazy.R\_*********Special thanks to Jason and the Vig for making our final touchdown of the night for my friend's bachelor party a great experience with no flaws and only great memories. LLTVU [LongLiveTheVigUp]
1	I came here with my husband on a Friday night and had high expectations from the other review here and from a few friends that had been. However it was definitely one of the worst experiences that we have had at a restaurant. Once we were seated our waiter seemed very pretentious and almost put off by us. Everyone else in the restaurant seemed nice and friendly so maybe it was just bad luck. We ordered the loaded potato skins and they were room temperature but would have been to die for had they been warm all the way through. We had one left and asked him to box it for us. Then we ordered the pork sandwich and burger. Both were pretty good but the portions are huge so neither of us were even able to finish even half of our food. When our waiter finally brought us our check he mumbled and I thought he had said something about boxing our food so I said yes please and he took our card and came back with the receipt. I asked him if he would be coming back with our boxes and he said oh what and giggled, oh my goodness I had no idea that you guys wanted that and it is in the trash I'm sorry. He did ask if he could get us something else to eat but we had other plans for the evening and didn't have time to wait. Normally I would say no biggie everyone makes mistakes but his overall attitude was bad from the get go and he was very insincere and didn't seem overly interested in trying to make things better. I did love the decor and atmosphere and like I said everyone else there was very nice maybe we just got the rotten apple.
4	So glad that they opened up a Vig in my neighborhood! Huge fan.  The atmosphere is fun and cool but not trying too hard, and the servers are always friendly.  The food is consistently good.  I'm a big fan of their deconstructed fish taco salad and the vigan sandwich with a side of sweet potato fries, delicious! It's definitely not as big as its counterpart - it has bocce ball but is missing the awesome patio - but it's also not as crowded, which is nice. I've been to both locations several times and this one seems to be more low key, even family friendly, than the original Vig which always seems to be verging on the edge of Scottsdale douchebaggery.  Their new menu is really amusing, too, give it a close read sometime.
5	The quintessential local spot that is hip, excellent food & service. But like an eariler review states it is cool but "not trying to hard".  A great place for groups or smaller parties. It definitely gets busy, and parking is vallet.  Just a great sense of style, taste and casual place to just hang out.Excellent food, a great combination of different flavors and styles.  Service was excellent, prompt and attentive.  Full bar, excellent wine menu and beer selection.The salads are excellent, very generous portions,and combinations of flavors.  Make sure you always ask about the specials.  Absolutely incredible.  Generous portions, you will be happy you popped by!
5	What can i say this place is fantastic! I can't wait to come back. So nice, designed so 60's ,very modern, beautiful!     Complimentary  valet parking! wonderful menu all sorts of great looking meals.   I got the mahi mahi sandwich with sweet potato fries.  My friends had a Burger and french dip along with Salad. Also an appetizer that was so large even 3 of us couldn't finish it.  We all had Tea and they made sure it was full throughout the lunch.   This place looks like it could be a lot of fun in the evening as well.    No wonder everyone has all good things to say about The Vig.   I cannot wait to come back.
4	I consider the Vig as my version of "Cheers," but with killer, contemporary ambiance, swanky lounge music and great food / drinks.  This Vig is walking / biking distance from my house and I always run into the regulars.  They have specials almost daily, from 1/2 price bottles of wine on Sundays, to $5 burgers on Mondays, to Two for Tuesdays (1 App and 1 bottle of wine for $22).  Contrary to my fellow Yelpers, I love the outdoor patio. Maybe it's because I'm a native Arizonan and not used to an overabundance of trees, maybe it's because I like air conditioning in the summer... who knows! Seriously though, the windows let in tons of light during the day and when the temperatures cool down, you get that fresh airy patio feeling without being on a "real" patio.  The fireplace is awesome, as is the bocci ball court. Bar seating is great - be sure to come in when Jason and/or Logan  are working. They are the best!
4	Excellent food and service and great atmosphere.
4	This is my 300th review.The end.Hahahaha, just kidding. Well, it *is* my 300th, but I'm actually going to write something.I met my boss here for a dinner meeting. I can walk to this place, but had never been. I know, I'm late to the Vig trend, but when it comes to trendy places, I bush the system somewhat. We needed to find someplace that had gluten-free options and a lot of people suggested The Vig Uptown.It's WAY bigger inside than you'd think at first. Oh, everyone has to valet and it's free. You go in through a huge orange door (I really like orange. I hate yellow, though.) and can pretty much pick a place to sit unless it's really packed. Luckily, it was a Wednesday night and there were quite a few tables available. We sat in back next to the bocce ball thing. Is it a court? What would it be called? It's just a long strip of green. Whatever.The music was a bit too loud to carry on a conversation. There was a guy playing the guitar. It was pretty impossible to hear half of what my boss was saying. I bet he offered me a million dollar raise & I missed it. Just my luck.I had the Cobb salad. Holy cripes! The thing was huge!!! Ok, it was $12 but still, I had to take half of it home to eat the next day. Huge chunks of bleu cheese & bacon. There wasn't too much dressing on it, either. I actually like the taste of vegetables and don't like a lot of dressing on my salads.The service was super friendly and quick to refill drinks.Oh, and the bathroom is super cool, too. The sink is one of those flat ones that makes you feel like you're going to flood the bathroom when you wash your hands. How embarrassing, because people may think you just peed a lot but it's really from the sink. Haha. That would happen to me, too, as well as missing my boss giving me a million-dollar raise.
1	We went to the Vig Uptown last night for dinner and to say I was not impressed would be an understatement. The food is eh, at best or in my case caused digestive distress throughout the evening and to top it off the service is abysmal.  The cool setting and decor are indeed the pretty window dressing to disguise the mediocrity you will consume if you patronize this establishment. Here are a few tips for the Vig: people enjoy drinks and just because they order one does not mean they are done for the entire evening. Ask everyone for a drink. Ask people if they need anything. Ask the customer if they are enjoying their meal. Ask. ... Talk to the customer, don't mumble. Know the menu... Just a enough to make a recommendation.  Oh, not just one person wants a desert, it is likely that in a party of nine, more than one person will want a desert... I know at least five people at the table that for sure were not asked for a dessert at all. In a neighborhood filled with amazing trendy restaurants that have not forgotten that it is the food and the service that make the business the Vig has hefty competition and if my stomach has any say will someday soon fade into oblivion while it's competition prospers.
5	This is a nice classy place to go for some awesome happy hour and play bocce ball!  Seriously!  And it's not a dive bar.  It has a great atmosphere, everyone is friendly, and they let me get half fries half onion rings at no additional price!  Yeah!  ;)   This is my new favorite place
4	O M GEEEE!  I love you, Viggie!Not sure why I'd never made it to The Vig Uptown prior to last Sunday, but I was definitely missing out.  Ambiance was cool, and thankfully the AC was too.  I had the potato pancake.  Don't laugh.  It was scrumptious!  My comrades each had a burger of some sort.  I don't eat a lot of red meat, but those burgers looked delicious!Sunday was a Funday to go, as their bottles of wine are half price.  What a deal.  They had a mellow band playing during the afternoon, which made the whole day feel very relaxed.  Or was it the wine?Anyway, the day was finished off with a giant piece of bread pudding that really was just as good as my Mom used to make.  Delish all around.Please, learn from my mistake.  If you haven't paid The Vig a visit, do yourself a favor and head over there next Sunday for a relaxing afternoon.  You can thank me later.
5	How have I never been here until now? My life in Phoenix improved exponentially when I walked in this gem! I have heard about The Vig, but did not go there until last night. I am planning a social event there next week, so I thought I would check the place out. I am so glad I did. Darren, the manager, is friendly and helpful. The vibe in this place is super cool and laid back. If you make the correct decision and check this place out, tell them you support Arizona School for the Arts. They are donating 15% of their profits to my school. We met two of our fav people at The Vig at 4pm on Friday. The drink menu is fun and unique. The girls chose a drink with strawberry and basil. Sound interesting? It was. After one of those drinks, we switched it up and tried the Sucker Punch. I am not sure what was in that drink, but it was a little piece of Heaven! The food was great. We snacked on chips and guac and potato skins topped with a cheese doodle. The service was phenomenal. Our server was prompt and friendly. We will definitely return to The Vig! Maybe our new favorite!
4	We've been twice now, and left happy and full both times. The first visit was a Sunday around noon. The ambiance is nice, especially the "outdoor" area. My husband and I are in a constant battle on where to sit in a restaurant. I love love love sitting outdoors, even in the summer, he hates it, no matter how nice the weather is. Its as if the Vig knew this, and found a compromise. It feels like outdoors, complete with an Astra turf bocce ball course, but its enclosed and air conditioned, perfect for Arizona and my marriage. Our server was friendly, ready with suggestions, timely. We shared a bottle of wine, I think bottles were 1/2 off or something like that, great deal. I had the flat bread pizza with tandoori chicken, it was great, and the boy had vigazz burger, which he was impressed with, so much so that we returned a week later for $5 burgers. This time we each had a beer, they have a great selection, and a vigazz burger and arcadia burger, which we split. Both were delicious. So were the sweet potato fries and curry ketchup. Loved it. We will be back.
4	Very friendly and attentive service. Liked the outdoor area. There was a slight mix up on the drink orders, but the waitress corrected the order and let us make food substitutions on menu items without a problem.
4	I've been here twice now and really love this place!The first time I went was for a social with the Phoenix Social Club. It's such a trendy/hip yet relaxed place that I felt comfortable among the sea of people! It felt a little crowded around the bar but in the back room with the very high ceilings I felt much less claustrophobic! So that's my 2 cents about going to The Vig Uptown for a few drinks. The rest is based off my date night.The Ambiance: As I mentioned earlier it's very urban and trendy but super comfortable. There was a good mix of people and sizes of parties. I'm pretty sure my date and I talked about the layout of the restaurant and the styling for about 15 minutes of the date! It's just such a cool mix of industrial and comfortable! I really love that there's the open "grassy" area in the back of the patio/restaurant area. People can play a little bags or bocce ball. The only thing I didn't love about that was the fact that some of the people playing the games got a little rowdy which in a bar type situation is fine but when you're having dinner right next to the "court" - not so perfect.The food: I got the Turkey sandwich on the pretzel bread and it was actually really great! I'm usually not a huge fan of any coleslaw type thing but it was just the right amount to complement the rest of the ingredients! Our waitress painted the sweet potato fries to be something ground breaking and wonderful - so they were kind of a disappointment just because of all of her hype. Don't get me wrong they were really good but I feel like every place I go now claims to have the best sweet potato fries... I also thought the price wasn't too bad either! (Yay for good, affordable food for the hungry college kid!)Service: One of the reasons I loved it so much! From the valet, to the bartender and the waitress to the rest of the staff I was impressed with how friendly everyone was. Our waitress was really patient with the fact that my date and I pretty much weren't ready to order for about 30 minutes (I'm sure that would be trying for anyone's patience!) Overall: I think this is a great date night restaurant! It's a good hip vibe while still being a nice enough place to impress a date! I think one of the highest testaments to The Vig Uptown was the fact that we were there for almost 3 hours. We felt like we were taken care of the entire time and never felt rushed or that we needed to leave.
3	Gluten free and vegan options are limited during Sunday brunch, and that wasn't clear to us on their website. We showed up at 1:00 and had to wait until 2:00 to order from the lunch menu to get a decent selection of gf and vegan options, if you want both gf and vegan, you can poetry much just get a salad. Fries are not gf. Food and atmosphere were good though. Enjoyed the live music and server didn't complain that we took up a booth for over two hours. Large booths make this place good for groups of 6.
4	Went out to the Vig last weekend for a good friends birthday party. We had about 20 people and the Vig was able to accommodate. Definitely a +1 on that front! It was a Saturday evening so I wasn't expecting happy hour but low and behold, they had drink specials for our more budget conscious friends and get this, they have Dogfish Head 90 Minute for 5$!!!!! No seriously, 5$. I love this stuff, and to see it out priced so reasonably was fantastic. Made me a fan for life. Oh yeah, getting a chance to whoop some friends at bocce wasn't bad either. The indoor bocce court is a nice touch.
4	I first knew this property as the bank where you could park after hours to avoid the parking nightmare at Texaz grill.  Now they have their own parking problem and provide valet during busy hours.  Anticipating what turned out to be a non problem I parked in the underutilized lot on the Southwest corner of the intersection.I LOVE the space.  Our group of ten was seated at a long table on the "patio".  This space can be open to the air or heated or cooled as necessary.  The main interior can be wide open or closed off from the patio.  The patio area also has a second bar that can serve when they are busy.I had the Vigazz burger.  The burger was really good but I would hesitate to call it great.  The sweet potato fries I chose were perfectly cooked.  The Bloody Mary was OK and the iced tea was pretty weak.  I also had a chance to try the guacamole, I liked it but I thought it could be seasoned some more.   Most of us had portions that we either had to abandon or take home. The service was great.  The bathroom seemed a little weird, They were clean enough, the sink was a modern sloped design but they had old style folding towel dispensers.  I would certainly go back here again.
5	Yum, Yum and Yummy!  Okay, I went here with a deal coupon but I've stayed due to the awesomeness of the food.  Waiters Nicole and Bill are super  and since becoming gluten free I am so obsessed with ANY business that carries a gf bun........but one that doesn't charge for it?  Uh, love them!  Oh, but that is not all............currently they have a Monday night special to DIE FOR!  Any burger and fries for $5!  No upcharge still on the gf bun.  Sweet Potato fries (they are coated my gf buddies-but they don't bother me) are fantastic and the curry dip divine.  Each Monday a different burger is added  to the line up and it keeps it so exciting!The rest of the menu is very good and I even go on other days!  The only downside is that all the surfaces are hard and the noise can be a little over-powering.  However, the food more than makes up for it.  The whole look of the place is very cool as well.  I'd love to live there!
3	if you want a really filling, delicious "please-make-my-head-stop-feeling-like-it's-about-to-explode" hangover cure, there guys have got the remedy!  the hangover helper is all of the above and get's even better when you add the hair of the dog bloody mary for an extra $3! (they also have live music on sundays during brunch!)the architecture and windows are stunning in this place - if you've never been in here, it's worth checking it out!
5	Best Burgers I've had!
4	Service right away!  Great people got to hang with the Duke of up town Vig.  I will be back for more Monday nights for sure!  Just wish the parking / valet was a better situation, when in a hurry hard to get out of there!
4	I really enjoyed the freshest onion rings on this planet and I liked the pretzel bun that came on my burger.  Nice atmosphere.  Cool, casual and contemporary place to hang out and chill with friends. Im looking forward to returning for the live jazz on weekends. (at least I thought it was jazz, I could be wrong)
5	Personnel, food, cocktails... What is not to like. These guys/gals are the best.
4	This place always has great atmosphere and  with good music and a good selection of beer to choose from. The service is always welcoming and friendly. The menu is very eclectic with many different items to choose from. They may not be mainstream but they are always very good. While you wait for your entree you must try the sweet thai chili chicken wings. Sometimes I just drive in for a beer and these alone.
3	Expensive and snobby.
4	The Vig Uptown has its hits and misses, but the hits definitely outnumber the misses.First of all, the building and atmosphere is awesome. I think it used to be a Bank of America? They really outdid themselves with the renovations and decor. The drinks, while pricey, are really good. I had the basil-gin-strawberry drink and it was deeeelishhhh. My husband had a tasty IPA he has never had before. Service was good. Our server seemed to have a zillion tables and still was attentive and pleasant. When it comes to food, my husband and I had different experiences. He had the Vigazz burger which he thought was outstanding. It is now tied with 2 other burgers for his favorite burgers of all time. Vegetarian entrees are limited to a couple salads and a veggie sandwich. I had the veggie sandwich which was decent but I wasn't impressed. Although the grilled veggies were tasty the sandwich was dry overall. The foccacia was a little too doughy. And the caramelized onions were more raw than caramelized. The french fries were good but the barbeque seasoning on them annoyed me slightly. I think next time I will ask if I can order a grilled cheese off the kids menu. With a side of their yummy spicy mayo.Talking about kids menu, that was another miss. Having a stepson myself, I appreciate hip establishments that are still kid friendly. However there was a very obnoxious group of kids and parents that looked like they just came from the kids soccer game. The kids dominated the bocce court and were loud, rude, and obnoxious. The parents were enjoying their cocktails and ignored their kids behavior. It kind of ruined the mood for us. I wish they would have just gone to Peter Piper like most kids teams do after a game...We do really want to return. Maybe for happy hour or brunch. I want to try their bloody marys and the Amber Scramble. We might even take our kid. But don't worry- he will be well supervised! :)
4	I live much closer to The Arcadia Vig, but met up with a friend at The Vig Uptown this morning for brunch. The decor at Uptown is amazing... the windows alone had me drooling. I had to wipe up the drool to partake of my delicious breakfast: The Hangover Helper with the $3 Vigazz Bloody Mary. The bloody mary wasn't the best I'd ever had (even though it was rated high in Best of Phoenix) but the Hangover Helper was possibly the best brunch item that I have ever tasted. Worth it for that alone.
2	Here we are again over a year later, a friend insisted on coming here. I tried to tell her but she wouldn't listen. I told her I am not going to the Vig again, she said she was buying and she had her heart set on going. I figured it has been a long time and maybe I got them on an off night. So we went.Then it was down hill from there. 15 minutes for our ditsy size 0 server to arrive. She was more concerned with texting and flirting with another table of three guys, to be concerned with us. This is the 2nd time I have gotten an idiot server here and I have only been here twice. I will revisit the server after I speak on the food. The food took forever & they were not very busy, 27 minutes! For a Tandoori Shrimp salad , that they forgot to put shrimp on & the Frenchy well I think this sandwich would definitely offend the French. There was very little meat and it was way over cooked. Then it was another 10 minutes for my friend to get her shrimp! Back to the server..... Wouldn't you notice when bringing the food to the table that a Shrimp salad had no shrimp?! I mean she took the order, she entered the order and she delivered the order. When we told her um excuse me isn't this salad supposed to have grilled shrimp? She replied " oh yea, it's not under the lettuce?" then she left and came back after 10 minutes with the shrimp. No apology nothing!Vig quit thinking you are the only game in town, I will not be back even if someone else pays!The only good thing here in my opinion is the building. Step up your service and your food quality and you would be great!
2	Ok food- overpriced. Cool  atmosphere.
3	The first time I went to The Vig I fell in love and thought I'd finally found a bar that didn't make me feel like I was in Phoenix.  Loved the crowd, the decor, drinks and the bartenders.  I returned a few more times only for drinks and again had great service at the bar.  Recently a few friends and I decided to go for dinner and drinks for a friends birthday.  The food was great, no complaints there but the service was disappointing.  While still eating we were constantly asked if we were finished, needed boxes or anything taken away.  While I appreciate staff being attentive I felt it was obvious that we were in the middle of eating and had to send the staff away. Our server on the other hand was the complete opposite.  We asked her several times for an extra chair which we finally had to get ourselves.  She would only ask one person if they needed anything, would take one order and disappear.  We asked for extra items with our apps at least 3 times and never received them, had to ask for silverware and napkins and unfortunately did not get to order the drinks we wanted because of her only taking one or two orders at a time.  I am sad to say that I do not know if I will return for food there again after our last experience.
3	I love to hang out here and just look at the place. This is an old Bank of America that has been transformed into a kinda cool kind hip place for the scenestas to chill. They have preserved a lot of the architecture and added their own touches to make this place, in my opinion, a unique place to come for food and drinks. The food here is OK-they have some unique creations that you're bound to enjoy. They also serve up some tasty cocktails and have a nice selection of beer. The enclosed patio is really cool and the bocce ball court back there lends itself to some fun times. I'm giving three stars because while the food is good, it's not great. And the attitude from some of the servers is at times cold if not snobby. I know you work in a cool place, but come on-lose the attitude. Despite that, this is a fun place to hang and definitely worth a visit.
5	As some people know, I rarely ever give 5 stars but the Vig Uptown really deserves it.  My bf and I went there with a couple of friends and were really surprised we hadn't been there before.  The atmosphere is pretty cool and the bar area is big for when two people or yourself want to go and enjoy a drink.  They have a pretty cool enclosed patio area with seating and a fireplace for those cool desert nights.The food is great as well.  We all tried something different and were amazed at the flavors and the portions are enough to take some home.  We had an amazing waiter who gave us recommendations and made sure we always had a full glass of wine.This is someplace that I will come to again for sure!  I think that it is way better than St. Francis or places like that in the area!
4	Ate lunch here with 3 of my girlfriends. I arrived before my friends & the waitress greeted me right away, answered alot of my questions about the menu, & was very accommodating. When my friends arrived we ordered. Turns out she was the bar server as well. She forgot to bring out our wine, & put my order in wrong.  On top of that there was a nail sticking out of the bottom of the table that kept catching on my friends shirt. She told us she would get a piece of tape or something to cover it right away. She never did... She seemed to be very into the men that were sitting at the bar & kinda forgot about us. She was always happy & cheerful don't get me wrong, but "Pre-occupied" with the men at the bar. Now our food ... Everything was fantastic! sweet potato fries were great, Hot chick sandwich, delish! Roasted turkey sandwich on pretzel bread, amazing! Mahi Mahi sandwich, filling! Overall despite the fact our bar server/waitress kinda forgot about us... Our experience was good.  We would go back!
4	The Vig is one of my all time favorite places to eat in Phoenix.  The atmosphere is contemporary but laid back and the food is to die for!  The "patio" is perfect for getting together with friends after work and enjoying some yummy appetizers and good drinks.  I have had several different meals here but my favorite is the charbroiled flank steak with fingerling potatoes and broccolini.  The steak was cooked to perfection and the sides were a perfect addition.
2	The Vig Uptown - Every visit forces me to choose my experience to be Tragically Hip or Tragically Beautiful, but it is always TragicThis restaurant shines when you walk in, the space commands that you talk about its look. The Vig Uptown is obviously well received with the North Central crowd, and on Friday night with an overly large group it was the best place to accommodate our needs. Knowing that good service would depend on a well informed staff, we made arrangements on Monday, followed up on Wednesday and made sure we showed up a bit early and on time on Friday. After all it was a 40th birthday party. Amazement gave way to frustration as we watched the open reserved spot be held open without explanation. About an hour after the arranged time we were squeezed into the lounge area, and then watched another smaller party who arrived after us be seated in the area we had arranged for on Monday.  When we asked a hostess, she informed us that the manager had made a last min arrangement for her friends and that was the source of confusion.  We let it go, but were surprised that this may have been an actual fact.The food is good but not great, the drinks are pricey and there is nothing original about entitled bartenders. Our actual server was over the top helpful, our drinks were always full, every order was right and he was able to make sure everyone had the correct bill. He really did change the group's mood and we tipped very well.Overall The Vig Uptown works because of it's space and location, however with a Z Tejas moving in within a year, I will pleasantly sit back and watch The Vig Uptown actually have to earn it's business. They have different menus, but the price point and seating accommodation will make them market competitors.Perhaps The Vig Uptown will stop be Tragic and live up to its expectations
5	FAVORITE PLACE to go to on Wednesday nights for half price Vignatures!!  The chips and guac are also to die for.
3	I went here for a late lunch this past Saturday and really liked the decor and layout of the place. NOTE: I drove by this place 2x so note that it's easy to miss - look for a grayish cement one-story building.I ordered a Grey Goose Bloody Mary - very tasty - I enjoy their recipe a lot. Plus, it helped tolerate my bad blind date. ;)I did order a Greek Salad and it was okay - I was hoping that they would have some "signature twist" to it, but it looked pretty ho-hum.My blind date ordered a Beef Torta and stated it was "tasty" but then was pissing and moaning about the level of spice and became an utter Drama Queen about his sinuses and was rude to our server. Needless to say, there won't be a second date w/this schmuck. LOLOur server (didn't catch his name) was great - very attentive and friendly. I'll be back again.
4	One of the hip spots in town, I really enjoy the vibe.  Happy Hour and regular prices are very appealing.  Have never ordered anything I didn't like and the service is usually fun and friendly.  The enclosed outdoor patio makes it comfy year round. Crowd is an eclectic mixture of yuppies. guppies, and cougars.  Makes for great people watching, especially after a few drinks.  Like the comp valet parking so you don't have to deal with the limited spaces available.
2	Im reluctantly giving The Vig Uptown 2 stars because they REALLY pissed me off.  I give them 2 because they actually have good food.... at least the macaroni and cheese was good.  Dont know about anything else., but their ethics beyond sucked! Jan. 20th, we made reservations for 20 for my 40th Birthday dinner.  We made them 1 week ahead of time, to show up with nothing saved for us..... made us wait an hour.... then finally gave us a seat in the back corner with NO tables!  We had to eat holding our plates!!  Luckily, my friends are cool and we still enjoyed each other, but The Vig really took a big POO on my special night.  They didnt even say "sorry" or do anything for me to make up for it.  I posted the complaint on their facebook wall to only have them take it down quickly.  DONT MAKE RESERVATIONS!!  They DO NOT honor it.We actually watched our table be held with no explanation and then watched another group come and take it as we sat in a corner.  Come to find out..... it was friends of The Manager.  Suck it Vig Uptown!  You'll never see me and many of my friends again.
3	I would like to update.We received an email from Tucker Woodbury, addressing our frustration about the seating. He reinforced that as a policy they do not accept reservations and have only used a "heads up" list, I am encouraged that he reached out to us but our argument wasn't that we couldn't have reservations; our issue was that they wouldn't seat us because they were reserving the space for another party that was not there. We agreed to their no reservation policy, we showed an hour early, we spent money waiting in the bar, and they simply didn't consider it relevant at the time.
1	Place is alright but for the waitress, poor service and things sent over we didn't order.  We sent them back but had  additional items brought and not brought on the tab anyway.  She said me "that couldn't happen" and refused to take it off. Waitress included autograt. I have been here a dozen times and never get great service but enjoy myself.  This time will be my last.
3	I would have given it 4 stars but the service was SO bad I just couldn't do it! I went on a Friday night with 3 other people. The wait wasn't so bad- about 15 minutes. Once we were seated the server took a while to acknowledge us and when she did she acted like we were disturbing her Friday night. I ordered the French dip with fries. It was good. No complaints about the food. Our server only came to the table twice and even forgot to put in one order. It took us 10 minutes to even get her back to our table to tell her his food was missing and then she tried to argue that he didn't order anything!! If we had a decent server my rating would be higher but to me the service is part of the whole experience.
3	Went here recently for a friend's birthday on a Saturday night. One of the major reasons we chose this place is because they have an awesome patio area. Unfortunately there was a private party on the patio the night that we went, so I can't comment on the patio. I can say the food was delicious. I had a veggie sandwich and it was very good. Everyone who ordered food at our table enjoyed their meal. They also have a selection of specialty drinks that are good, but on the expensive side. Overall, I enjoyed the general feel of this place, however on a busy Saturday night it was too bad no one could enjoy the patio area and had to stay in the crowded bar.
5	Me and some girlfriends met up for dinner here this past Sunday night. The hostess was so gracious in trying to hold a table for us but alas a few members of my party were tardy so we ended up by the fire pit area which was very nice. Our waiter William a.k.a Billy was AWESOME! I swear he went above and beyond the call of duty that night.Sunday nights (and day for that matter) are half off bottles of wine. Between that and their awesome menu, what more can you ask for. I ordered the Vigazz burger which was huge, messy and oh so good. Top that with a side order of sweet potato fries and I was in heaven. All the ladies seemed to enjoy their meals as well, from various sandwiches to the warm apple cobbler that another friend ordered. I am not a fan of cooked fruit but let me tell you, that was some good tasting apple cobbler.Billy evenly split all our bills up down to the wine. I swear he was the best. I do prefer this location over the other as it is bigger and you are able to spread out. If you happen to be in the area, definitely stop on by. I doubt you will be disappointed.
5	Visited this place for the 1st time tonight. Quite unexpected. Complimentary valet parking was nice. Inside was bright, airy and large. Very relaxed atmosphere with a fine dining twist. I had new foods tonight that I've never even heard of! Delicious appetizer to start with of Hummus and Baba Ganoush. That was super yummy!They had $5 burgers tonight. It was a chirizo beef patty with swiss cheese, lettuce, tomato, red onion and a spicy mayo...served with shoestring fries. Total experience was fabulous. I was impressed with the service, the quality of the food and the total atmosphere. I will visit again.
5	Went for the $5 burger night.Chorizo seasoned beef on a bun is definitely a winning concept. With red onions, lettuce, and chipotle mayo, it was amazing.The shoestring fries are always a hit.Also had the Double Down. Love the hummus, and the baba ganoush was a hit with my companion.
3	First, I want to thank the owner of the Vig Uptown who did reach out to me after my last review.  It does show that they really do care about their business.  The Vig did try to make up for my experience and I declined as I want my review to reflect my unabashed perspective of the establishment.  I returned to the Vig Uptown two weeks ago for lunch with a friend.  I ordered a chicken sandwich and my buddy ordered the turkey sandwich.  The selection that I ordered was much better than the burger I had the last time and I did not have immediate negative repercussions from my previous experience.  We did have the edamame which had a great spice, but I was a bit distracted by how much oil was used to make something that should require very little. Overall not too bad, the food tasted good, it was flavorful and from a culinary perspective it was good.The service was still a bit to be desired.  Our server seemed a little lost and drink refills were very far and few between for a sleepy Tuesday.  One of the things I have learned when I really focus on a restaurant is that the major differentiator is the service.  If you have a good wait staff it can make the entire business.  I can't emphasize this enough with the Vig Uptown... obviously I had a really bad food experience last time mixed with really poor service.  This time I had a good food experience where if it were coupled with a good service experience would have caused me to perceive the overall experience being much greater than it was.  My suggestion... really work with the wait staff to create the best customer experience ever for every customer.    So the Vig Uptown has moved from my banned list to... Maybe I will go back.  To contrast, my next review will be on the Vig (Arcadia) from last night... and I don't know what is going on there, but there is a huge difference between the original and its 16th Street sister.
1	The evening started out nice but quickly turned bad when my boyfriend's food never showed up. On  top of that, the server was not attentive. However they did take off my meal as well as his, from the bill to compensate. My food was really good...too bad the overall experience ruined the evening.
4	I love the patio here. Its technically inside, but has huge windows.Just like The Vig, Uptown has great drinks and food. Their guac and burgers are delicious to point out a few. the only thing I wouldnt recommend on their menu is their cheesy tots, unless you dont mind the lack of cheese.
1	Oh @TheVigAZ, you usually do so well, but when you fail me, it's always an epic fail. Last night, you fell flat on your face.I ordered the Vigazz Burger, anticipating greatness.My girlfriend and her daughter received their food, and finished their meals. I got nothing.While my girlfriend was still eating, I inquired with one of the back servers about my burger, and was told it was almost ready.15 or 20 minutes after my party finished eating, I was still waiting.The other people around me, who'd ordered around the same time as I (some before, most after) were finished with their meals, and still I waited.I had by this time decided I no longer wanted my meal, but no server was present to inform.While I waited for the server to come by to deliver the inevitable check, I noticed people who'd arrived AFTER we ordered, getting their meals.And still, I waited.Finally, after over 30 minutes, and nearly having to yell to get her attention (she was delivering more food to people who came long after we ordered, right next to us), our server came over.When we informed her that I did not receive my meal, and that my girlfriend's order was incorrect (onions and tomatoes present, despite a request to not have them), and instructed her to remove my meal, she just asked if I wanted it to-go.When your service comes up so short as to completely miss a meal, you don't merely offer to make it to-go.In fairness, when she brought the check, she stated she'd spoken to the manager, and he'd also removed my girlfriend's burger from the bill.It was a nice gesture, but last night it was too little, too late. I went home hungry, with a major headache.I love The Vig, but sometimes it's a major disappointment...
5	My people.........The Vig Uptown still rules but they now charge an extra dollar for that gluten free bun.  Just started.  Hey, Monday still makes it a $6 burger and fries, so I'm all good!  We get there a little after 5 now and take advantage of some half price appetizers!  Then at 6 we put our burger order in.  We are cheap but the food is NOT!  Value, quality and great service.  Sometimes you wait when they're packed but who cares?  Best darn value on Monday in town!  Nicole is my favorite waitress!!!  Ask nice and they'll sell you some dip for the sweet potato fries!! ( I cannot duplicate it at home but still want it when I fry them myself!)
4	super good food. i had the vegan wrap and it was amazing. alot of people were getting burgers, so i would say that this is a super upscale(valet parking) burger joint/bar. the wait of over an hour was worth it and it was a really upbeat environment so it seemed like elss time had actually passed.loved it, ill deffenitely be back
4	Enjoyed the atmosphere, service and location a great deal. Like both locations, but Uptown is my preference.
4	I only popped in to have a quick drink with a friend.  Unfortunately, we didn't have time to order any of the fabulous food but, i have to say that i love the atmosphere of the Uptown Vig even better than the 40th St Vig.  The patio out back is fabulous.  Will be back when I have more time to enjoy.
3	My husband and I tried this place out since it is fairly close to our house and gets decent reviews.  I drank, my husband ate.  The wine selection is ok and the staff seemed friendly.  My husband's dinner was okay.  I'd probably give this place better reviews had they not attempted to give themselves a $15 bump on their tip.  I'd also probably give them better reviews if the manager would have called me back after leaving a message with a staff member about the charge especially when I left all the details necessary to fix the issue and was promised a call back that afternoon when the manager arrived.  Now, I can only assume it was not an inadvertent mistake since they give me no reason to believe otherwise.  I really would rather not have to keep calling back and chase my $$ down.Edited review - took them from 1 star to 3 stars since I received a phone call today from a manager and was advised it was a mistake and they credited me back the funds.  Also will be sending me a gift card for the trouble.  Overall, I appreciate the follow up and their efforts to fix the issue and bring me back in.  I was routing for them since the patio seems like a pretty chill place to have some drinks and unwind.
3	So, for some reason I thought that this Vig would have a bit more to offer than the other Vig, considering The Vig Uptown is listed as a 'restaurant' and the Vig is listed as a 'lounge'. The only difference is that the Vig Uptown is much bigger, with a lot more tables. The menu is exactly the same.The food is good (not like insanely good, but good) This time I ordered the Greek Salad, which was very flavorful and filling. Service is mediocre....a little faster and more attentive than The Vig. The wine I ordered (pinot noir) tasted like it was a day or two old.... :/It has a cool ambiance, but not my first choice considering the plethora of cool places to check out in phoenix, which much better service and food.
3	I had a pleasant experience with a few friends in the outdoorish area of The Vig, but if it weren't for the good company and the hip, open-air atmosphere, I probably wouldn't have been as pleased. The Pad Thai was mediocre (Imagineer that... Pad Thai at an American restaurant was sub-par? Shocking.) But actually, I feel like it was our fault for not figuring that out prior to ordering it. The deconstructed fish tacos were satisfactory, but somewhat bland. Also, I'm not so sure how keen I am on assembling my own food. I probably would have stayed home if I was in the mood for a good assembly session. My food-cracker friend loved her kid's mac 'n' cheese, although any person with an eight-year old's taste buds would. The highlight of all of our meals was probably the side of sweet potato fries that came with a burger. I may have stuffed a few in my fish tacos. Next time, I'll probably just order a platter of fries and call it a meal.
1	It's a Friday, at midnight. The Vig Uptown has 4 stars on Yelp.....HOW COME THERE'S NO ONE HERE??? Where is everyone? Why is it so quiet? I was very confused- it looks like a place where there should be a ton of people. But no, empty. Sad.
4	My Wife says best Mac n Cheese Ever! Everything was fresh, place was clean. Felt like I was in the best restaurant ever. places were very reasonable given the quality. Service was the only sub par thing here. And really the only thing preventing a five star rating. Server forgot to put in our "small" order of sweet potato fries, then brought them out as we were about done and still charged us for them. Great place, I'll chalk the server up to inexperience. Truth is everything else was so good, I didn't want to complain. Which I usually do. I'll be back, in a different section next time. Complimentary Valet as well
5	Love it and frequent this great neighborhood place.  Way better then the other location, unless you enjoy the rediculous Scottsdale / Arcadia crowd.  No hair plugs, Botox or fake rack needed to enjoy uptown.  Food is awesome, drinks are priced right and the service is always friendly and efficient!  Try the Vigan wrap.  Yummy.
4	Went for the first time recently. Nice place. They don't take reservations and when we got there on a Friday night, the wait was about half an hour which wasn't too bad. Met up with some friends but wasn't too hungry so just got some chips and salsa and an apple martini. The waiter was very friendly and was good about checking on our table to see how our food was, refills, desserts, etc. The chips and salsa was pretty good and that was the 2nd best apple martini I've ever had. Good food, nice atmosphere, but nothing memorable.
1	I have given this place a few chances over the last month or so, (twice with my man and once with the girls). The female servers we had are so RUDE. It's like we are interrupting their day. I don't get it. Maybe they want a different kind of clientele(older?families?boring?). We aren't demanding and tip well. They would rather stand by the bar and talk with each other and the manager. What a joke. The drinks (when we could get service) and ambiance are pretty good. We have had three different servers, and they all seemed to not really care. Too bad, so sad. Next!
4	Upscale, mid century modern, hipster ambience. Great for a date. Sit by the firepit. You can even play corn hole (but would you really?)Good selection of booze. We asked for an obscure single malt scotch and our waitress knew all about the selections.Decent food. Modern iterations of bar fare. Good fries.
5	I had the most pleasant time here on Father's Day. I've been to The Vig plenty of times, but never on a Sunday during lunch and never the one Uptown. The food is always fabulous, and all Fathers got a free lunch on Father's Day! But the icing on the cake? The DJ. I love trip hop and it's really rare for a DJ these days to spin chill music like that. Not only that, but he had a live trumpet player keeping in time. He even busted out the bass. The fact that my Dad is a killer trumpet player and the fact that the DJ was spinning Mushroom Jazz (Mark Farina) seriously made my day. I could barely hold a conversation because I was grooving to the smoove tunes so much. Wrote about it on Facebook and got at least 3 people to check it out simply because I was raving about the chill vibe. And if you don't know what Mushroom Jazz is, you should.
4	LOVE the set up, decor, and look of the Vig Uptown.  Very modern and trendy.  I felt like I got a little cooler (as if possible right??) from just being there.  Accommodated our large party of 15 or so people and were very friendly.  The menu is sort of random and I wasn't digging anything on it so I just ordered the artichoke dip.  A lot of the girls ordered the macaroni dish which was HUGE (why?)  but very delicious.  Had a great time and would definitely visit again.  The staff was great, I must mention again.
4	feast for the eyes AND for your gourmet tastes. PROPER kitchen makes everything from scratch and it shows.--freshly-made bloody mary mix, and freshly-opened olives jar (yes, you can tell). i'll have 3. at $5 for sunday brunch you can't go wrong.--shepherd's pie is the BOMB-awesome. they even fuss up the plate so it doesn't look too pretty, but don't believe your eyes: what's under those eggs will rock your mouth with pleasure!--potato coins are fun!--cheese plate was not on the menu, but chef happily obliged to accompany my v.c. yellow-label (no longer on the menu). they even made toast points for me. wowza.--these wings are the best i've had. perfectly cooked and the best sauce ever.--super friendly staff knows their stuff, ingredients, and serves it with big smiles.--great family place (kids can play bacchi or bean bags in the patio), and --goes upscale in a flash too; awesome acid jazz feel--new converted entrance gives the smokers a nice spot and yet keeps them on their own.--free wifi for your business meeting and big booths to boot#argh. dropped the yellow label from the wine list. mumm is motor oil. how abaout tattainger?#forced valet parking is a bust. i know they have to do it, but i just want to park my own car. (if you see the valet, just park across the street if you're as fussy as me)#wish they opened 30 minutes earlier on sundays; 10:00 leaves me standing outside every time.vig uptown gets my award for most-improved food quality. whether it's the temperature, the freshness, the plating, the preparations, the simple but perfect blend of seasoning and flavor, vig uptown should be proud.not many places in town which are Hipster, Trendy, Romantic, Casual AND Classy. Nice hang out.
4	I'm a long-time fan of the original Vig on 40th Street and enjoy this location as well. Food is always good, atmosphere is nice. Great cocktails, definitely try to go during HH to save some $$. Always a good time.
2	I am heartbroken. I've been here on four previous occasions and every time the food has been impeccable and delicious. Had I reviewed The Vig Uptown on one of those prior outings, I would have easily given it four or five stars. The atmosphere is funky but classy and the staff are all nice and welcoming and attentive. This time, sadly, the food did not measure up. I had the carne asada on a potato pancake and while the flavors were spot on, the steak was so overcooked it was like more like jerky than steak. My boyfriend's french fries were both cold and stale. Ick. It may have been an "off night" but unfortunately overcooked meat and cold fries should never have made it out of the kitchen. Someone should have been running quality control. I will come back to The Vig, eventually, but sadly I can no longer rank it among my favorite spots in Phoenix.
4	Uptown continues to be one of my favorite spots. Excellent happy hour, friendly bartenders and great brunch. The DJs are pretty great too. They just keep getting better over time.
5	Great atmosphere. Really wonderful seating, I particularly love their booths. The price is very reasonable, and it's even great for a vegetarian to boot! Phoenix restaurants aren't always the best for my dietary choice, but we ordered the nachos here and they were more than willing to make them without meat for us. The last time I went, we went on an appetizer binge, sharing it amongst the table. We said we wanted dipping sauces and we got every house sauce they had. The waitress was incredibly attentive and the food was great. This quickly became a regular spot for me in Phoenix and will continue to be so. Do yourself a favor and go to the Vig Uptown. Get the Vigan Wrap and dip your fries in everything they have to offer!!!
4	This was my first visit to the Vig Uptown.  I loved it!  The place, lighting, and food - all excellent!!  My brother and I took our mom out for a lunch and shopping outing.  All three of us got burgers.  Pretzel bun please....  Loved it.  Almost a 5 star, but the server was just not happy to be there.  He did not say hello, just took drink orders, and left.  Came back and took food order and left.  Checked on us once during our time there.  Had to flag him down for refills twice.  He dropped off the check without a word.
3	First time here. Pad thai okay with plenty of shrimp, chicken and tofu. Juicier than traditional Thai food. Good service. Deconstructed taco looked good. Enough food with each meal.
4	Great happy hour prices and man how I love me some Pork Canitas tacos
4	Went on a week night with a party of four.  It had a nice atmosphere and full of energy!  The food was good and especially the sweet potato fries.  The service was also very nice.  I would definitely go again later.
3	My recent visit to The Vig Uptown was not as impressive as I'd hoped it would be.  The atmosphere and service were great, but the food was just not exciting.  I ordered the steak salad, and my husband had the pork tenderloin sandwich.  Both seemed to be lacking in flavor.  We also ordered the tator tots as an app, and again, just not faboo.  The redeeming element was the AMAZING pumpkin porter beer we had.  Our server did us right by recommending this seasonal beer when we were ready to order something off the regular tap menu.  I could have (maybe should have?) made a meal of it!
4	The Vig Uptown stands as an urbanesque chic castle at the northern borders of Phoenix, AZ. Its upscale decor and sunroof area exudes a modern flow of hip vibes and good times. The courtyard with the cornhole arena is an excellent touch. And the food... Well the food was dec.I had ordered the hangover helper, a monstrous plate atop of which sat a tower of chilaquile layered with pork, cheese, sour cream, and housemade salsa. Then nested above this foundation were two over easy eggs. Was I served a plate of food or a work of art?And upon first bite, the flavors were very good. The textures were varied - starchy tortilla against gooey cheese and shredded pork. And the housemade salsa made everything taste incredibly fresh. But then halfway through the dish, I found the flavors began to lose their pop. The dish became heavily reliant on the salsa to sustain itself. It had very quickly begun overstaying its welcome... The chefs here must learn that less is more. While great proportions is generally appreciated, sometimes it can very often do a dish more harm than good. Pride is not the opposite of shame, it is the source. And the only true antidote to both is humility.I'd definitely go back here but not for brunch. Rumor has it that they have a mean set of burgers that I'd love to sink my carnivorous teeth into...To be continued...
5	$5 burgers on Mondays. Get it.My girlfriend and I got there at 5:45 to make sure that we snagged a table, as I have seen a long wait for burger Mondays. We ordered a drink and then waited for 6pm when $5 burgers start. Of course the special $5 burger is only one burger and they pick a different one every week, but you can bet your pants that it will be delectable. I had the peanut butter burger...sounds gross? Not even. It had a silky, creamy dollop of peanut butter on it and BACON strips. It was a harmony of taste that I never dreamed could be possible. Go Vig! (and my drinks were strong and good - keep 'em coming, guys).
4	So you know that friend you have that tries just a little too hard to be "cool"?  That's who this place reminds me of (yeah, I'm probably that guy).  Went here on a business trip, and when my coworkers and I pulled up, were were like "really? are they going to let us In?"But they did, and it wasn't as bad as it looked from the outside, but still a little ostentatious with the decor.  The service was friendly; I'm glad the appearances were deceiving.  Our waitress was happy to tell us about the local beers, and really that's all I can ask out of a bar.  Definitely appreciate the bocce court.  Try the mac-n-cheese.  Best thing we ordered.  If you're at all health conscious though, get it as an appetizer and share.The rest of the food was good, but nothing remarkable.
4	I'd almost give this one half star more.  It is really good food.  Cool atmosphere.  but the food was not the best I ever had, so it gets 4 starts.  Had the love me tenderloin sandwich.  very good.  the curry sauce for the sweet potato fries was a nice change.  They have complimentary valet here.  not sure they need valet or not, but it is an added expense.  The meal wasn't too overpriced.
4	Went Yesterday,  They have happy hour 3-6 and then start burger specials at 6:00 pm for $5. Good food, not really freshly made, but was editable, and the service, our waitress was a sweetheart, and slammed. So under the circumstances we will be back.
4	Great work lunch. Valet parking, only. Waitress was helpful in narrowing down my selection (salmon salad) and listened to my criteria. 4 stars since wait staff seemed otherwise aloof.
3	Been here a couple times. The wait staff sort of ignores you and you almost have to scream and stand up with flash lights to get their attention. WEAK!! that or they can't hear over the noise. Anyways they definitely wont give you any time if you aren't in their section...Good stuff, um $5 burger Mondays is pretty cool.  I WOULD NOT pay their regular price for their burgers because they aren't on that caliber to be asking that much for them.The rest of their food is good. not great. Fun atmosphere except when you get kids running around and screaming like banshees. That might contribute to the annoyed wait staff, cause they have to dodge them constantly. I'd be back...but probably on a...you guessed it...a Monday.
4	I prefer this location over the 40th street one. The burgers are amazing and the place has a good vibe. The only downside is the parking.  They do offer valet which is a plus, but you would feel like a scumbag if you didn't tip for a free service.
4	Not quite 5 stars, definitely 4.5 though.My husband and I stopped here for our anniversary dinner as we were driving through Phoenix. They kind of won because most of the restaurants I kept finding on Yelp that I wanted to try ended up being closed on Monday. The Vig was definitely busy on a Monday night, maybe as a result of everyone else being closed.Monday night is $5 burger night. My husband went for that. He really liked it. He said it wasn't an amazing culinary experience but that you could tell all the ingredients were really high quality. So a delicious, standard burger. Also the mustard that came with the fries was so so so good. It was a curry mustard, genius, I'm totally adding curry powder to my mustard at home now.I went for the fish taco salad. I'd desribe it more as a fish taco platter. You still get little tortillas so you can make some tacos. You get an intact piece of grilled fish and then a bunch of toppings. I ate everything on that plate. Super tasty.I got the hot habby drink which is a lot like a margarita with habanero in it. I really enjoyed it and would totally get it again.The space itself was really cool. They have a lounge, a sweet patio, lots of giant booths and a community table. We ended up at the community table and it was great. If your're there to watch a game you get a great view. I love that they have a complimentary cab type service to and from there on Friday and Saturdays (I have no idea what the boundaries are). That's such a great idea!We will definitely check this spot out again when we're in Phoenix.
4	Went there mid week for happy hour. Sat at the bar, we did have to wait a little but drinks were good. Had the guacamole and some tacos. Very good, tasty, service was good. The banana cake was huge, we couldn't finish. Price was very reasonable, it was happy hour so it was cheaper but quality and quantity was excellent. We hope to go back on the Friday or Saturday, we were told they have a designated driver service so we intend to us it next time.
4	Loved the Meatloaf !  Very good, can't wait to return.
4	Trying the Turkey Sand rage!  Seven stars for the Turkey Sandwich.  One star for the staff.  I hate writing bad reviews but where on earth are restaurants hiring their staff from lately?  Our waitress was the WORST...inattentive, sloppy in appearance, slow to respond and truly uninterested in her job.
5	Healthy start breakfast, just order it.  Megan the bartender is great!
4	50% off wine Sunday good!  $5.00 burger Monday good!  Not to mention the best Hot Vings this side of the Half Court Marker!Happy hour, brunch, cheap wine and fresh fruit Sundays, and yep... $5.00 burgers and fries after 6:00 on Monday... it's a no-brainer.  I'll admit that the reason we moved into the amazing neighborhood that 16th Street and Bethany Home has become is due, in significant part, to the Vig.  Like they say "Let's just go to the Vig!"Although I am stumbling distance from this brilliant looking establishment that reminds me of a modernized Brady Bunch rumpus room, it's really the whole experience that has won me over.  Even the menu is basement casual with an uptown slant... from the Deconstructed Fish Taco Salad, to the Holy Mac N' Cheese, or the Legalize Pot Roast it really ties the room together, man.The Trifecta is their slider platter, which hits the pallino every time and as my father-in-law put it "has the perfect meat to bun ratio."My Tip:  Slip into the "faux patio" for some brilliant Bocce Ball court play.
5	Kick ass atmosphere, new fav place! Service is great, quick and delicious. Recommend the salmon or fish tacos! Pumpkin bread pudding!!
4	I love this place! Tonight's happy hour (and then some) was a first visit for me. Normally I stick closer to home and have only experienced The (other) Vig on Sundays. Parking was a breeze and apparently there is another lot I could have self parked close by. When I mentioned this was a first visit for me the awesome hostess gave me a tour! (Seriously. How nice was that?) I have to give credit where credit is due. And perhaps our experience isn't representative of what to expect on a regular night, but, if you can try and sit in William's section. He's new from New York (I'm from there) and his acting background was evident. Well, I shouldn't say that. What I meant is that his comedic timing was rocking. I was seated in the back of my booth but the jokes between my friends up front with him were side splitting. That kid (and I can say that as I'm *older*!) has got some spunk in him. (While being polite, efficient and presenting a wide knowledge of product knowledge.) Good stuff, can't wait to go back!
5	I thought this Vig would never win over MY Vig near my home in Biltmore. Hmmmm... well so far it did. I met my boyfriend here because it's near his office. I loved the patio. More so than Arcadia. Not that it's a competition. I like the bar out back too. Not that I had drinks in the mid of the afternoon! I had a international trip to fly later that day. It's super trendy...as is the other Vig. Cool atmosphere and very busy. Complimentary valet. I like that , if they are gonna force a valet on you, for sure. I had the seasonal salad: shrimp, cojita cheese, greens, pear, I had them hold the carmelized nuts, and balsamic on the side. I loved it! My boyfriend had the salmon...It came on a corn cake, with mango salsa. All plates clean. Winner , Winner this Vig's a Winner.
4	I really like this place a lot!I've been here a few times and the food has always been excellent and reasonably priced. If you go, the "Hot Totties" are a must appetizer! They are so good! As for entrees, I've had both the "Vigazz" and "Arcadia" burgers. Both are excellent. Plus! If you go Monday after 6, the Arcadia burger is only 5 bucks! Down from I believe 11 dollars. The last time I went I had the pot roast dinner and it was absolutely fantastic. It was a rather large portion cooked to perfection.Just a heads up though, this place is always busy. So be prepared to wait a little for a table. I went to this place a couple of days ago, it was a Thursday night and it was packed. Because it's always busy, some times the servers will forget about you. It took a few minutes for a server to acknowledge my wife and I, we didn't have utensils when our meal came, the server didn't check on us. We had three different people who had taken our order, got us our food and gave us the check. To be fair though there was a rather large party next to us, 20-plus people, so I'm sure that had an influence on how our servers took care of us. All-in-all, I'd come back and recommend this place. I really need to hit this place up for happy hour! Half-price appetizers? Yum!
4	The Vig Uptown pays up just like the original in arcadia.  It has the same atmosphere just in another up and coming part of Phoenix.  The giant indoor patio has got to be a pleasant spot to enjoy a good meal even if its a hot day in the desert.  The patio and the dining room are both quite spacious.When you have a sandwich on the menu called best turkey sandwich, you better be able to back it up.  The Vig certainly does.  It really shouldn't be anything you haven't had before, but the pretzel bun takes it to a whole-nother level.  I would like to thank the Vig for helping to prove my theory that everything tastes better on pretzel bun.And if you want a great deal, you can save a few bucks at the Vig Uptown with local dines (http://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485).  There's a $30 for $15 gift certificate.
5	Uptown VigIt's been serving up some uptown foodI bet it's never served a Scottsdale guy I bet the chef really never thought why?I'm gonna try The Uptown VigIt's been hiding in the Phoenix valleyAs long as they serve up a cup of joeAnd now it's looking for a Scottsdale man That's what I am!(Lyrics - Billy Joel - Uptown Girl)The Uptown Vig has been in the valley for over 5 years serving up some delitable dishes; great for the hangover!  Not the movie, but seriously, get you butt up and hit up The Uptown Vig.  You might find yourself and uptown girl like Billy.  The Vig as we call it, ah har har, is a modern hip place where live music and game playing are mixed together.  It's patio area is a great place to catch some sun glare while sipping your mimosa and or wine; hell hit me up with another shot!  The Uptown Vig as I've stated, serves up a mean hangover brunch menu.  They literally have a dish called the Hangover Helper.  Does it work?  I'll let you be the judge, but I tell you what as a runner it's great way to carbo load!  I recently had the Monte Cristo, which I'm not too sure why it's called that, but wowza!  French Toast sandwich with ham and over easy egg! Whaa!?  Sha-yeah!  If I had a hangover I've forget about it already.  Top it off with some fresh strawberry preserves and whip cream and you're golden boy (Outsider reference!).  Enjoy!
4	Ok ok I get what the hype is all about now! This place is pretty cool! This particular location has a great outdoor patio area! Also on this day they were serving half off their bottles of wine! How does that not make you like the place even more already! They have a pretty decent wine selection (mostly the basics) and a nice food selection. You can get anything from nachos to ramen noodles! I have never had ramen noodles at a restaurant before, so I am thinking I will have to try that the next time I come here. We came more for drinks and hanging out then we did the food, so I split the nachos and street tacos with a friend. The meat had a great taste to it, the guacamole was fresh and the chips were nice and crispy! We were here for quite a long time and our waitress was very helpful with drink selections and answering questions, we were even able to sample a few different wines. It was nice that she kept checking back with us to make sure we were doing well, even after we finished our meals.Great new trendy place to stop in and check out. I am interested in going back and trying more of the food!
5	From the moment we drove up to Valet parking we were welcomed by the staff. Our party of four were seated at William's table on the lovely patio. William, our waiter was amazing! He made some great suggestions. My salmon was terrific and presented very well. My husband had the fish taco's and he loved it. The humas, greek salad and meat soup were enjoyed by our guests. The atmosphere, and mix of people, and service was as good as it gets. We all look forward to returning again very soon.
4	Hipster waiters. This place tries pretty hard. Thank god they have an excellent menu. I usually shy away from pretentious places, but the food was so damn good, I'll put up with the ridiculous attitude.
3	I have been to The Vig Uptown three or four times in the past and have generally liked it. However, we (my wife and I) went there for Happy Hour on Friday and it was a less than stellar experience. The ambiance was great with fun and energetic customers all around. We sat at the outside bar and our bartender was very friendly. Plus we were able to get on their wifi pretty easily.Where they lose two stars is with the HH specials and the food on HH. The weekly flatbread came out cold and not very appealing. We asked to have it heated up..that was a mistake as they simply microwaved it and brought it back with the cheese melted all over the plate. The artichoke dip was another disappointment. Generally, it's one of my favorite things to order but this time it was difficult to find any artichokes in it at all. I'm probably going to give this place one more shot but that will be it.  Too many good places in the area to not have a good experience.
3	Nowhere on the website does it say the kitchen has a late night menu after 10 PM on a Saturday night...just the dinner menu until 1 AM is posted.  After a downtown event we went for dinner uptown and found a very abbreviated late night menu...and went back downtown.  Time to update your website!!!
2	Okay, downgrading my last review.  One of the hallmarks of a great restaurant is its people (friendly conversationalists score the highest marks), consistency in food and general overall treatment.  Went there today to meet an old colleague of mine.  Ordered the mac and cheese as I thought that was good last time I had it (I must have had my places wrong, I think it must have been the Garage, across the street).  I think they changed the mac and cheese recipe.  IIf I liked it before, it tasted pretty plain and uninteresting this time around.  I had five bites and sent it back.  The waitress seemed perplexed, and went about her way.  Thereafter, I ordered the Chicken "Vings" which were pretty good, but not really amazing or anything to write home about.  While I was drinking my drink, I noticed there was a large crack in the glass and I told my waitress about it (yes, that is a serious safety risk).  She brings me back my drink filled up at about the 1/4 level (which was less than I even sent it back with).  If a place is that CHINTZY and feels that way about THEIR CRACKED GLASSES, then it is not the type of place I will go back to.  A classy place would have apologized for the inconvenience at the very least.  instead, they wanted me to feel stupid for raising the point. Later guys, I will take my business to the whining pig around the corner, or the the garage.  Good place, there is fun to be had, but customer service is everything especially with my routine 25% tips.  Someone else will appreciate it I am sure.  Friendly suggestion - throw a little more cheese in your mac and cheese, it won't hurt your profits that bad!!Peace out.  Find your sizzle!!Attorney Steve
5	I have been a customer of The Vig Uptown for a few years now. I absolutely adore this restaurant. I took my dad there for the first time and made  sure I got there early enough so we could sit in the back area. There was a mix up about tables being available in that area, which upset me more than it probably should have. The manager came over and spoke to us and apologized profusely. Not only that, they made a table available in the back area for my father and I. The fact that they care this much about their customers speaks volumes. I will definitely be returning.
3	The Vig is part of the successful revitalization that has been happening on 16th Street the last few years, and is now one of the hottest taverns in town. In a previous life, the building was a bank; I love that they respected the integrity of this mid-century modern building by keeping a lot of the original structure - the outside bar used to be the drive-thru teller window! They did a great job the overall design both inside and out - the atrium area is a wonderful place for large groups to gather. Being a former bank, so be forewarned that there isn't much parking available - love the valet option!I wish I was as enthusiastic about the food. Generally speaking, although there is a variety of menu offerings, it's all pretty much upscale bar food. It was good, no complaints, rather just average and nothing special or outstanding. The staff was friendly, and our waitress personable and attentive. The place is pretty noisy, though - so if you are looking for a place for a quiet conversation, this isn't it.Will I go back? Sure but probably only for drinks. It may be over hyped, but it's got a great atmosphere and great libations.
4	Been here a few times over the past 3 years and I have yet to have a bad experience. The staff has always been courteous, prices are decent and the atmosphere is inviting. My favorite time is happy hour. The Vig has a nice variety of food and beverages on their happy hour menu. You can enjoy sitting inside or out in the covered yard area. I prefer the yard area because it is more open. I would give the Vig 5 stars if it weren't for the lack of parking spaces and need to use their valet service. I like to have the option.
3	This is a really cool hang out spot - neat establishment and good vibes inside - however the food is not what I would expect based on the prices (very average and bland food for higher prices).
5	Awesome. Came here on vacation from Pittsburgh after a few people recommending it. The atmosphere was very laid back and relaxed and really hipster trendy like. The waitresses there were extremely nice and took our orders right away. The waitress even said to wait 10 minutes when I ordered a draft beer so it could be on special.I ordered the Vigazz Burger and can honestly say it is top 3 Burgers I have ever had. The bread was fresh, the meat was cooked perfectly and the sauce was the cherry on top. The sweet potato fries were great and the portion size was perfect, especially for only $11 dollars!Definately a great place to bring a date or grab some drinks with friends, not so much not family friendly but just catered towards 20-40 year old crowds.Will definitely be coming back when in the area again, until then I can only dream about the Vigazz...sigh.
4	Would give it 5 if service was immediately stellar. For some reason no one paid attention to us for almost 15 minutes. After that, PERFECT! Great food and service. Go try it.
4	Yummy food! But can be a bit of a wait. I LOVE The mac and cheese!
4	Both of the Vig locations are fantastic. I usually go to the Vig in Arcadia on Sundays for their half off wine special and just discovered their location near my office. Vig is a little bit of a scene in general, but it's worth it for the food and atmosphere. Unfortunately they don't have live music at dinner but they do have a stellar happy hour. The 16th street tacos are really really good, one of my favorites paired with an albarino. I always order the trifecta to share because mini burgers are simply awesome. Food is great, service is even better and the wine is perfect. Id recommend this place for brunch, happy hour or dinner. Check out their location in arcadia on Sundays.
4	This Vig used to be a BofA hiring center!! What a turn-over wonder!! :)I must mention that I had a bad experience at the Vig Arcadia, and promised not to step foot into that place again. However this location turned my experience with The Vig around, I came her on a Friday night to a co-workers birthday celebration! Those you can't say no to, so I came here thinking I would just sip water through out the night, but no siree. I really enjoyed the vibe, the music and the staff was ever so nice and friendly. Plus the food was delicious, I had some of the cheesy tater tots, YUM!! As well as one of their Hot Vings, wow were those sticky and spicy, but good! Also just half of a Hot Chick sandwich and an Arnold Palmer!! Oh so delicious!!! I was really glad I came and that this place took me by surprise!! The food was great and the staff here was just as good!! Great time with the co-workers and friends!! :)
4	I really enjoy this restaurant - the sandwiches, the salads, the mac & cheese, and the  sweet potato fries are all good. I also love that they have a gluten-free cheat sheet that tells you what meals are gluten-free as is or how to modify many of the items to be gluten-free.
5	I love the "Frenchy" and it is a great place to go for brunch.
4	I've been here a few times and I'm definitely a fan.  Great atmosphere, both inside or outside - a cozy, well-decorated spot with a good noise level for talking.  Everything I've tried has been really good - not super creative or anything, kind of just like upscale American bar food, but really well done and just the thing when I'm in the mood for that.  Decent beer selection and good drinks - I love the spicy margarita.  I will always be a repeat customer here for sure.
1	I would give them zero stars if I could. Terrible experience with reception and parking staff.
4	Awesome service, great food, good brunch with kiddos
4	The Vig is so much fun!! It's a great place to bring friends or a date. With good beer on tap, strong cocktails, and delicious menu selections, you really can't go wrong. And what's not to love about a place that has bags set up in the back? The vibe is casual yet trendy, and the crowd is very chill. The service is shotty, but I think it has to do with how busy it gets.Overall, if you get the chance, hit up The Vig (either one!!) for a good time.
4	It's a little expensive and has that "hipster feel," but there is no denying that the food is good and the place is pretty fun. They have cornhole/games and sometimes live entertainment. It's in a small place, but it is put together well. Service is always good as well.
5	This place is Hipster central but that is not necessarily a bad thing. I had the daily fish which was the sea bass and it was delicious!!! The reuben is also very delicious. On Sunday's they have half off bottles of wine. We ordered a nice bottle of white pinot and complimented the fish very well. The folks split a reuben sandwich and it was phenomenal. We have a high standard when it comes to deli meat and, believe me, this sandwich was on point. The corned beef was still dripping its own juices and garnered bits of fat that accentuated the entire flavor of the sandwich.All in all, very good. Might have to come back to The Vig for happy hour.
5	Wow! What else can I say? We had an outstanding dining experience last Saturday night! The staff was friendly and attentive the entire evening and the food was outstanding to say the least. I had called a few hours before to get directions and also find out what type of wait we were to expect on a Saturday night for 4...they said it would be bout 15-20 minutes.  We showed up and and we're seated within 5 min even though it was busy!  Great vibe and great scenery... If you get my drift. :)  Megan, you are awesome!  Can't wait for cooler weather so we can try out the patio which looked amazing.We will definitely be back with even more friends soon!!
5	Back again!!!!!
4	Visited the Vig on a Thursday around 430 on a friends recommendation. The place was not crowded and I found a nice table next to the bar. My waiter was attentive, kind and kept my glass of wine full and cold. Just wish my company was more like the staff snoozzzzzeeee! Atmosphere was cozy and bright and as for the mandatory valet ( tip them they are working outside in 116 degree heat don't be a cheap asshole.
5	Wow! The service- great. Decor/atmosphere- excellent. Deconstructed fish taco- AMAZING! I left saying that it was probably the best lunch I'd had in quite awhile. The fish was cooked perfectly, the flavor combination was superb, and everything tasted really fresh. This was my first visit here, and I can't wait to go back. Delicious.
2	I had visited the Vig Arcadia sometime last year and was underwhelmed at my experience but seeing a Local Dines for the Vig Uptown, I decided it would be worth trying it again at a different location. We tried to call ahead and get on the list around 6:15pm on Friday night. While they don't let you call ahead and put your name on the list, the hostess said it would only be a 20-30 minute wait and she thought it could be faster so even though we were starving, we decided to head out. We arrived about 30 minutes later and the valet parking was a bit confusing. We pulled up to the valet stand and no one was there. Just beyond the stand there was a sign that said the lot was full so I got out and looked around for someone to help us. About that time, the valet came up while I was still standing next to the car. He instructed my fiance  to pull up the car another 20 feet to the front door and then took the car to be parked. Not sure why he couldn't have taken it there and it seemed a little odd but I figured they were pretty busy. We entered and no one was at the hostess stand initially. Someone appeared a few minutes later but didn't seem to be in charge of the area and ignored me. Finally, a friendly hostess appeared and put us down and said it would be 20-30 minutes. We stood in the corner since the 4 cube seats were taken. I thought about maybe sitting on the patio to wait until every person that come from outside reeked like smoke. I overheard her mention to someone else that it was the 'smokers patio'...so much for fresh air so you might keep that in mind if you're hoping to sit outside. After a 35 minute wait, we were finally taken to our table.As we sat down in our booth and realized how loud it was, we decided to sit on the same side so we could hear each other. It was crowded but it still shouldn't have been as loud as it was. Our waitress came after a few minutes and took our drink and appetizer order. We opted for the wings and the tater tots. Someone arrived with the wings a few minutes later and we figured the tots would be out shortly. With the wings nearly gone, she finally came back to check on us and when we asked about the tot's, she said she hadn't heard our order and she would get them out fast. Totally couldn't blame her though since it was so loud. I didn't try the wings but my fiance said they were 'okay'. We ordered the Carne Asada to share for dinner, figuring the tots would fill us up. Shortly after she left, the tots came out. While they were huge and I think you get 6 or 7, they weren't great. The first one I ate had no cheese in it and the dipping sauce didn't taste like much. The tots didn't have a whole lot of flavor either and I would have preferred frozen Ore Ida over these! I kept trying to salt them but nothing helped. I asked the person who brought the tots for a side of ranch and also a refill on my drink.  The ranch arrived a few minutes later and then the refill another 3-5 minutes after that. We did finally receive our dinner too and while it was very tender and had good flavor, our whole experience so far had kind of trumped the dinner. Our waitress disappeared forever and never came to check back on us to see how our dinner was. When she eventually did reappear, she apologized for the wait and I think she said 'Sorry for the wait, I kept cutting myself and I had to take care of that first'...HUH? I still am not 100% sure what she said but that's sure what it sounded like. She did bring the bill and thankfully our bill was only $7 after the local dines credit. It took another lengthy amount of time to get the check to sign but she did apologize...again...for taking so long. When we left, we were at least thanked for coming in. When we walked out someone held the door open for us and thanked us too. Then began another valet fiasco. Our car was 3rd in line parked and just across from the valet stand. We walked up to the stand but nobody was there except a man, who I assumed was waiting for his car. Then someone appeared, took out our keys and then said he would be back to help us and laid our keys on the stand. Having our car 20 feet away and rather than have to wait around for him to help someone else and THEN pull out our car, we grabbed our keys and started walking over to our car. Instead, we were scalded by another valet that he would move our car and informed us 'there is a line'. You mean the one guy now standing by the valet being helped? Whatever. I get these urban places have crappy parking but this whole valet is such a joke. I know they have a system for how they get cars in and out of the parking lot but its chaotic and they were never friendly and we were just ready to go.  At this point, both the Vig's have struck out in my opinion and I'll find other places to dine. One star for the ambiance (because it's swanky inside and might be a cool patio but it would be so much more enjoyable without all the noise) and another for...the carne asada?
4	Another fun hangout place with good food. My group sat outside near the cornhole area. After eating the achiote salmon (which i recommend!) and ahi tuna salad (which was... ok), my friends and I played a couple rounds of the cornhole game (..... I think that's what it's called). The beer selection was good, as well. A lot of mid-20 to mid-30 year olds here...
3	Meh. Nothing special about The Vig. Certainly nothing there worth the wait. Kind of a pick up bar type place.  food is just ok. Again, not worth the wait. Friendly staff though.
4	Really like the look and vibe of this place. Friendly staff and good service.  Food wasn't outstanding imo but it came out quickly. I think the atmosphere makes up for the so-so food.  Prices are reasonable. I'd come back for brunch or happy hour specials.
4	I came here to end my night and wasn't sure what I was expecting. First I saw a bar, then I saw a lounge area with a focal point of a fire-less fireplace. I liked it. Very loungy, very laid back. Surprisingly empty due to the fact that it was a Saturday after payday - but then again, my premonitions of people behavior is rarely correct. I had a drink, and I had a massively loaded plate of hummus. Very tasty. My party was worn out, and besides that I think this place could be a perfect place to unwind. The atmosphere was relaxed and friendly, even if the oh-so-stereotypical DJ tried his best to lay tracks that no one was interested in. (DJs fascinates me - due to the lack of originality in their appearance.)I don't think I have more to say about this place - it wasn't what I expected, and I think that is a relief.
5	Great happy hour.  Great food. Great service from Rihanna a wonderful young blond girl that didn't want her name on yelp. Highly recommended.
4	Came to The Vig for the first time after working up an appetite playing games at The Yard. The nachos were exactly what I was hoping for when I ordered them! Lots of toppings and very filling for a late night snack. The bar was still quite full after midnight but we were still able to grab a seat at the bar right as we walked in. This is a place I would like to try for happy hour or even dinner in order to taste more of the items on their menu!
2	We went for a school fundraiser. The burgers were okay. The fries and sweet potato fries were overly seasoned with cayenne. The service was awful! The hostess didn't know if they took American Express. The waitress had no personality. She did not know what the "secret sauce" was.  My 10 year old and I waited a long time to place the order while the waitress stood by the bar chatting with co-workers. The food took a long time to come and the check even longer. Not a place I would recommend or go back to.
1	I gave it a star because the food I had was okay. The service however was F**kn horrible!!! I will not be returning here. The server like ignored us for 30mins and when she took our order she started coping a attitude. What the hell? I always base a restaurant off their service and there service sucked. Blah I'm super disappointed.
5	The food is always outstanding . My waiter turned me onto the Salmon. It is a must try. My service has always been outstanding. ( ask for Chad ). The outside patio is a great place to kick back , relax and enjoy. The Vig is my weekly go to .
2	To celebrate our 2 year anniversary, my boyfriend and I thought it would be a good idea to treat ourselves to dinner at the place we had our first date exactly 2 years ago.I tried making a reservation prior to our arrival in hopes to make the night as smooth as possible.  Unfortunately, even after mentioning that it was for our anniversary, I was informed by the hostess who answered my phone call that they did not accept reservations for parties less than 8.  Kind of odd to me seeing how it makes it hard for their customers to have an intimate celebration.  Seems like this company is a little more concerned about making their dollar than our experience.  Regardless of the lack of accommodating my request for said reservation we still decided to travel to have dinner here.Due to the fact that we couldn't make a reservation, I made it a point to arrive 30 minutes earlier than the time I had wanted to set the reservation just to make sure we got a table in a timely manner (was informed by the hostess that we should be fine without a reservation and if there was a wait it wouldn't be longer than 15 minutes...very reassuring) and was able to make it to the other things we had planned.When we walked in it wasn't very busy and made me feel a little better about not being able to make the reservation.  We decided to sit at the bar and ended up sitting in the last two seats available that just so happened to be almost the same two seats that we had sat in on our very first date two years ago.  Excited by the coincidence we sat and waited for our experience to begin.  And so we sat, and sat and watched as the "busy" bartender walked behind the bar and casually made a few drinks here and there.  The funniest part about this was the fact that he went out of his way to not make eye contact with us.  We were sitting at the very middle of the bar, so he had to try pretty darn hard to.There was a pair of ladies sitting next to us sipping on some martinis and he decided to instead greet us and hand us some menus, but to ask if they wanted another round.  After they responded yes, he walked right past us again, did not make eye contact or say hello and continued to casually make their martinis.  At this point my boyfriend and I decided that said bartender did not think our money was good enough for him, but for the sake of our anniversary we decided to leave our seats at the bar and ask the hostess for a table.When I told the hostess that we decided to move to a table because the bartender seemed a little too busy with his measly 15 seat bar to tend to us, her response was "Oh sorry, yeah he's been a little grumpy today."  If you don't like your job, man up and find another.The service at the bar was a little better.  The server was a bit boring, but was able to cover the basics like say hello.  Unfortunately she didn't get the idea that we wanted to enjoy our appetizer before receiving our entrees and after a few bites of our appetizer we were apparently ready for our entrees that seemed to had been delivered by a manager (saw some keys on her arm).  We VERY awkwardly accepted them.  The manager that dropped off the food apparently did not notice the almost untouched appetizer and proceeded to leave us with our rushed meal.All in all it was an uncomfortable experience.  This is a big change from the service I used to get from here, but it had been awhile since I had come in.  Needless to say I won't be rushing back here anytime soon, there are too many great, unique restaurants in the area with staff that actually enjoy their occupation.
4	I like the ambiance and atmosphere a lot. It doesn't matter - lunch, brunch, dinner, drinks ... anytime I went it was fun. The closed "patio" area is really nice, one of those places where you still can keep up the conversation without yelling, but it isn't silent and boring.When it comes to food, I wasn't impressed at all. Ceasar salad is good and that's about it. Other menu items I tried are just plain average - in one word disappointing. Had Vigazz burger, Salmon salad, The Trifecta - only thing in common for all of them is that they vere very bland and missing taste. However Vig Pinot Noir is highly recommended. I will be back
2	I gotta say this place had a great atmosphere. Good food. But consistently BAD SERVICE. Whether its giving happy hour menus outside of happy hour. Not filling drinks. Serving burnt food. I'd say its just very up and down here. They still often have some good deals and can be fun.HOWEVER, even though this place is VERY close to my house I finally stopped going due to their refusal to have to play a Broncos game over a local Coyotes game. All 3 TVs were on the Broncos, and wouldn't switch just one tv. We ended up leaving and discovering Cold Beer and Cheeseburgers in old town and haven't been back since.
4	I have gave it one more chance due to my mother LOVING this place. They definitely step up since i came last time.  Maybe they were having a bad day? Idk. Well anyways I like this place so far. They have awesome lunch and happy hour deals and the staff they had serving us was very nice. I really do like the atmosphere of the restaurant. Pretty awesome place with pretty awesome food. TRY THAT MAC N CHESEE!!! :-)
5	Overall a great place to visit, the food is very good and the prices are decent. You would never guess this used to be a bank they did a great job with the conversion.  Valet parking, a mini patio area and updated interior. Referred by a friend at work over a year ago this has become my "treat myself" restaurant. The Vigazz burger is a life changer!
1	Food is ok, not happy with service, my waitresses name was Rihanna or something, she was very rude, got our order wrong then didn't seem to care, i suspect she spit in my sauce.
2	me and my friend try this new  vig food, its  ok but service is really bad,i try to talk to the manager about it but did not even pay attention about it,me and my friend was very surprise about the staff being lack of training normally in this kind of restaurant is  very well trained and manager normally is in top of everything but not this one!
5	The happy hour here is awesome. Great drinks, great apps menu and there's a corn hole court in the back!
4	Fun to hang out at late at night! Good food and fun ambiance. The staff has always been very friendly as well. I know I will be back here a lot!
4	Amazing. Romantic. this place is dark accompanied with an outdoor lounge seating and bar. This is the perfect place for a romantic dinner, or catching up with friends.
3	On the few occasions I have been to The Vig it certainly seems a truly cool neighborhood spot. Each time has been a good experience; although I've also experienced the occasional "lapse" in service when the server/waitress disappeared for long, extended periods of time that did not go over well with my guests.The bigger issue I have is, in this day and age, any organization worth its salt not having a decent website seems obscene. If anyone attempts to find information via http://thevig.us; which seems their official website, they will be sadly, and for me, unbelievably, disappointed. Only via reading YELP was I able to ascertain that there is in fact a Happy Hour; although I still don't know the hours and what are the "offerings" for Happy Hour. Additionally, what restaurant doesn't have their menu, hours, etc. available for all the world to see? It is a shame, and makes me say, "Really?" The Vig cannot find a decent website designer and manager, or worse, is it just not important?
3	UPDATE 12/31:The owner has contacted me directly and sincerely cares about his customers and the service we receive at The Vig. I was truly impressed and I will return once more to give it a shot. Previous review:They just suck with service....It is so hard to enjoy food (even good food) when the service sucks The waitress was just terrible and so rude.
4	Good atmosphere and fun. The ruben sandwich is really awesome ;) This is a great place to come with friends for happy hour and to socialize while playing corn hole.
4	Fun Bloody Mary bar! Good varied brunch menu. I really liked the healthy start white egg omelet with spinach & chicken sausage. Corned beef hash was good with potato pancake. The hangover was like tamale with pork carnitas very different & good flavor big portion.
3	This is really nicely designed place, with good (but not especailly awesome) food, and slightly spotty service.  It's tough to get a seat or find a parking space.  I've been here maybe 6 times and there is almost always a wait.  There's barely any parking, which means valet (cool area of town, I get it), but you can't really ask about the wait for a table before deciding whether or not to stay - the valet area is super tiny, so they take your car immediately.  When you go in and discover the wait is 45 mins to an hour, you're already trapped.  There's a cool patio area with incredibly uncomfortable bench-couch-type seating in the back - if you're going to have a wait, it ought to be comfy.The menu is definitely decent, but not spectacular, in both options and execution.  I feel like the quality/creativity of the food isn't good enough to make up for all the trouble.  The Vigan sandwich, Pad Thai and fish tacos are all tasty, but nothing will knock your socks off.  Additionally, I've had semi-rude service at least twice, and I'm far from picky or demanding.  Overall, it's a perfectly good place to stop into when it's quiet and you're in the neighborhood, but not worth a special trip or an hour wait.
5	Wow. This place is legendary and now I finally get it. Trust me, for a long time, as I kept seeing "The Vig" constantly pop up on my Facebook newsfeed, I instantly thought this place was just a trendy restaurant. Shame on me for randomly judging because The Vig is by far one of my absolute favorite restaurants. The atmosphere is relaxing but fun. It definitely has a bar type feel but the Uptown location is much larger than the original location off of Indian School. It has about three times the number of booths and a huge outdoor space. The bar area is spacious and the environment itself is just really calm and modern. The food. Can we talk about the food?! It is I-N-S-A-N-E. Try having giant tator tots stuffed with cheese. Or a queso dip that will make you scrap the bottom of the bowl. OR...THE MAC AND CHEESE. Seriously. The Vig is not messing around: they even circle for you on the menu and have a big arrow that points to it and says "wow!" At first I thought that was kind of arrogant and gimmicky but really, this dish is iconic. And if pasta isn't your thing today, they have loads of sandwiches, burgers, and salads (I think). Something for everyone. Go to The Vig. Trust me. You will LOVE IT.
4	Great experience at the Vig Uptown!  After getting the runaround trying to make a reservation with the Fillmore location, Brittany went above and beyond to help me make a reservation for 18 people with just two day's notice.  With such a large party, one might not expect top-notch service, but the Vig's staff proved otherwise.  Our server was friendly, attentive, and on-the-ball.  Everyone in my party was pleased with his/her dinner and drinks - we will definitely be returning.  I highly recommend the Vig Uptown for your next celebration.
5	I love the Vig. The Uptown location is a great spot, and the environment feels hip and trendy without being annoying and pretentious. The fire pit sorta thing in the back is an awesome spot to enjoy food and conversation with friends. And if your in the mood for competition Boche Ball and Cornhole is perfect.  The food is great. I would recommend going on Monday nights after 6 pm to get the $5 Arcadia burger with fries. Make sure to do the sweet potato fries, they are delicious and come with a good"secret sauce" that I can not figure out. Happy Hour is great if you can make it between 4-6, half off several appetizers. The Happy Hour drink specials aren't out-of-this-world amazing, but makes drinking a little easier. See you tonight.
4	Salmon, pad Thai, edamame, Mac & cheese,I just found this review as a draft. Truthfully I have been to so many goddamn places I don't remember half of them!  In fact, that's why I started Yelping so I can remember a place to eat when someone says "where should we go?"  Wait, as I imbibe a Fat Head Up In Smoke Porter in Pittsburgh, at one of the best and coolest restaurants I have been to since Yelping, I'm recollecting The Vig.  AZ during my Grand Canyon-Sedona trip in November.  Yes, this place was a very cool design and ambiance. Food was eclectic and very good. And the AZ Cardinals were playing and winning on their tv. That's all I got. Next time I must remember to post then and there.  Oh, and when in Pittsburgh, you must visit Mad Mex.  See my timely ;) review.
4	The Wife and I met up with some friends here on the 18th. It was our first time. I had seen the place on, Check Please AZ and remember wanting to try it. I would say it is a good place to grab a drink and some food. While we were there we got to try the tot app.(they were okay), the fundito cheese(would have again), the carne asada dinner(pass), and the vigazz burger(AWESOME). With the burger we had the combo(normal fries and sweet potato fries), both were very good. All and all we had a good time and I think I would be back to try some of the other food. Our server was great(Megan I think). She could of.come around a little more often but nothing to cry about.
4	There seems to be a lot of reviews about poor service on here but I can say that when I came in with a group on a busy Saturday night, we were well taken care of!I loved the food here. Incredibly indulgent, yet so divine. I also order their drink called "Take Bethany Home" as it had cucumber and watermelon and I thought would be pretty refreshing after already being toasty, but it was fairly disappointing. :-/ Otherwise all expectations were met or exceeded!
3	Well, I was very impressed with the ownership and their concern for customer satisfaction. We went back last Sunday, and spent about 3 hrs there. Not because we wanted to, that is just how slow the service was. NOW....I realized that this must be the atmosphere. This is a place you go to relax, chill, and hang out. The server was friendly, but it is the kind of place that you have to ask for things twice, and your bill. If I am in the area and have the time to chill, would give it another shot. Food is always good and unique.
3	I decided to try The Vig after reading all of the awesome Yelp reviews about it. So the place is really cool. It's pretty spacious with a covered patio-like area that would be great to sit in on a sunny day. The place only had about 4 customers when I went in...so it was pretty empty and we were prompted to seat ourselves. Me and my boyfriend ordered the cheese tots, onion rings, fish tacos and the VigAzz Burger with sweet potato fries. The tots,  they were eh...if you ate 2 or more, you would get full quick, as well as the onion rings...very heavy food. The fish tacos were great! Blackened white fish=YUM. Although there were too many onions, my bf enjoyed the VigAzz sandwich, it was huge! All in all, the service was ok and the food was ok. I would definitely give it another try to taste some other menu items.
4	I came between lunch and dinner, the place was empty and it was divine. The Mac and Cheese with bacon was delicious and the Fish Tacos were realllly good. Great service too.
4	A favorite haunt.  Close to my office, free valet, good food and drink.  This place does usually have great scenery too.  Win.
4	This was a nice place. We sat on the patio area for lunch and our server was really nice and knew the menu well. I had the lunch fish tacos. The flavor on these was delish but I have to say the fish was a bit dry. I don't know if it was that each piece was small and therefore overcooked easily or if it sat out. The flavor like I said was great so it didn't deter much from that but next time I'll mention it so it can be fresher.
1	We had terrible service and I'm sad that we went. It was a busy Saturday but even the few bartenders weren't friendly or helpful. Had to ask twice for drinks and everything else. I won't be going back by choice.
5	When someone asks me where to eat in town, my default answer is the vig.The vig; uptown, definitely has my heart. The stylish interior sets the perfect mood during the day for a relaxing meal, or at night if you're looking for the nightlife. The meals are simple yet exquisite to the taste. If you're having trouble choosing a meal, go for the hot chick. The Hot chick consist of a great tasting spicy chicken sandwich; I'll leave the rest of the description for your taste buds.  The drinks are cheap and one of the best in the city. I had a gin cucumber, the bartender recommended me and I adopted this drink as my go to favorite.
2	Again....here now....10 mins to get chips and guacamole. No drinks yet....friend is now at the bar to try and get their drinks. Not quite sure whale service is such an issue. Sucks, cus the food is so good! Waitress is sweet too. Don't understand this.
5	Best lunch place- Dan the manager was very friendly, and Jessica, the bartender is knowledgable and attentive She recommended the mahi tacos- and they are delicious. I usually get the turkey on the pretzel roll, and it was yummy too! We finished with the brownie- fudgy and rich- a perfect end! My boyfriend had a Montepulciano, which is harder to find in this area.
1	OK, where do I start? Oh yes, the reservation. Called in a reservation for a company dinner this Sunday for last night which never hit the books. So our party including execs had to sit at the 'community table' which my manager was not excited about, thanks, Vig.Flash back to the valet, the parking entrance is confusing and I took an unintentional detour and then had to flag someone down after 10 minutes because they were completely ignoring me. They said they had to help the people in line, but I had been there before any of the cars arrived.Next, the waitress disappeared for twenty minutes after taking most of the drinks sans three people. So three people were drinkless for half an hour while everyone else had their 'adult beverages'. The woman who ordered wine, (me of course), had to wait an additional 15 minutes because they were 'checking to see if they had it'.My burger ordered medium rare was charred to a crisp that couldn't even be drowned out by the Secret Sauce. Saving grace -- the fries were good, yay.Also, who thought that putting chipotle in everything on the menu was a good idea? Not thrilled, not going back and certainly not recommending this for any corporate or group outings.Really disappointed, I've always heard good things about The Vig and enjoyed going to the bar there.
4	The Vig is a fun place to come any time of day, every day of the week. The menu is small but sufficiently varied. I am a particular fan of the deconstructed fish taco and their brunch. If you time it right, you can catch live musicians or a DJ; some weekends, both in concert, together! The atmosphere is among the best in Phoenix, and one of the reasons why Central Phoenix is such a great spot for dining and adult beverages. The bonus on top of the ultra fun, mid century modern aesthetic in the former bank building (the stained glass casts a delightful hue come late afternoon) is the Vig Rig! So, if you want to indulge in the fun Vig beverages, you can get to and fro super safely.
4	Went here yesterday to day drink with some friends and the out door patio won me over. Your inside but with their giant glass windows make you feel like your outside also. We didn't get any food but their drink special before 5 on Saturdays are a great perk! I would come back.
1	Unfortunately I had to walk out due to not getting service. I Had a group of four sit on the patio for over 15 minutes, I asked the hostess if there was a server on the patio after waiting 5-7 minutes and she stated she would send someone out. We proceeded to wait 10 more minutes and decided to go somewhere else. Completely disappointed, the atmosphere seemed nice though.
4	Easy place to go with a group, good food, great drinks.  Also, they have some yard games on the back patio, which can always be a fun diversion!  Favorites include the macaroni & cheese (creamy and delicious!!!) and the Coug Cup to drink.  Have taken many people here from out of town and spent a few happy hours here (they have great deals during happy hour).  Everyone always loves the unique decor (there's paintings hanging horizontally above each booth, so you just look up and ART!) and the relaxed atmosphere.  I've always had excellent service as well.
2	We went to this restaurant with high expectations. Maybe that was the problem.For months, my husband and I had wanted to go to The Vig because we've always driven by, and it looks really cool. So we finally decided to just knock it off our "to try" list and go one Saturday night.The place is cool. It seems like a fun atmosphere. The cocktail list looked promising, but they ended up being a bit too sweet for me. No biggie, right?Well, the real issue is with the food. There is nothing unique or exciting or amazingly delicious on the menu. It's regular American food that you can find anywhere. Nothing special. But, you'd think that, if the restaurant wanted to differentiate themselves from a nearby Applebee's, they'll cook the traditional American style food a little differently, or better, right?Not the case. The food was boring. I mean, really  boring. Their sides of potatoes come straight out of a plastic baggie that has been steamed/microwaved in the back. Spoiler alert - this is exactly what Applebee's does. My sandwich was blah, my husband's tacos were dull, and we had to ask three different people for our sides when they had been wrong when our meals were first brought out.I was actually really disappointed in the experience. I'm glad we tried The Vig, because we had wanted to, but now we know that there is nothing special about this place at all, and that we can get food much better at many other places nearby.
1	They handed a plate to a customer at my table that was so hot it burned his hand.  Then the waitress blamed it on him.  They were extremely rude about the whole matter.  Food wasn't that great, the wait was very long, and overall I just don't understand why people like this place.
4	Wait staff is friendly, bartenders are awesome. I love the bocce ball/corn toss courts. The DJ's on the weekends spin a nice variety of music, and typically take requests. Ill visit again, and again!
5	The Vig is one of the best midtown Phoenix restaurants for lunch, dinner, or late night apps and drinks!  They bring in great live music and DJs on the weekends and some weekday nights to break up the vibe throughout the week - its easy to come here 5 times a week and not get bored!
4	Great ambiance and a decently unique menu. Their beer selection is pretty solid too . Nothing too out of the ordinary in that department though. The fish tacos are my fav.
4	Nothing beats their $5.00 Monday night burger. That's the only time I come here as it's too good of a deal to pass up. The service is always good and the staff consistently friendly. The only thing to drive up the meal prices are the drinks, which are spending. But stick to water or ice tea and you get good, and a lot of food, for cheap.
3	We'll it certainly didn't keep me away for life but I am not gonna rush back, for sure.We ate nachos with pork and ordered no green onions so they put the guacamole, pico and sour cream and the side, I think they were being condescending but I couldn't really tell. There was nothing wrong with them, besides having to build every bite, but they were unimpressive. Pork was tender but lacked flavor and it seemed like we could have made them a thine with cans and at least had them still be crispy.GF had Mac n cheese with chorizo and broccoli added but again nothing great. Lastly, I had the smoked chicken club and it was the best thing but still not going to race back for it. Sum it up,Good service, ok food, excellent beer= 3 outta 5 I wish it was as good as the menu reads!
5	This place is amazing! The bartenders and staff are super nice and the atmosphere is very chill. Loved the gin and earl grey martini and the posole is very tasty if you're a menudo fan. Great place to hangout on a laid back weekend night.
3	The Vig Uptown is indeed a pillar of the 16th Street and Bethany area. It is one of the larger drinking establishments in this beloved district of North Central Phoenix, along with Z Tejas and Zipps. Like its brethren, it's a solid choice-decent food, an assortment of beverages, and a comfortable, lively environment suitable for groups small or large. If you want something a little different in this area, try some of the smaller bars, such as the Whining Pig or Swizzle Inn.Valet parking is available when its busy, and they have an extra parking area north on 16th street just past the Shasta Pools store.
3	We stopped in on a Saturday afternoon.  It was the first really hot weekend so we appreciated that it was dark in side.  I'm one of those who likes to get out of the glaring sun.  We sat at the bar.  The bartenders were super friendly and chatty, which is unusual for Phoenix.  We both ordered the steak salad.  It was good, but not great.  Standard bar food.  For me The Vig is a place to meet friends and have a drink.  I gave three stars because I really like The Vig.  I'll add stars if the food improves.
5	I love that the Vig Uptown has live bands playing during the week. Great music. Friendly service. Good food. Jessica the bartender is AWESOME!!!
4	I've come here several times as it's a fairly convenient location for lunch. My favorite turkey sandwich is on their $10 lunch special menu from 11am-12pm during the week. The cranberries on the sandwich are a nice touch! As much as I enjoy the food I always have to think twice before going because I know the service will be god awfully slow. The wait staff have no sense of urgency (especially the male waiters) and they act like they are inconvenienced by having to wait on you. THIS IS CONSISTENT EVERY SINGLE TIME, never fails. One time we sat there for 30+minutes and the food never came so we had to take it to go. The only reason I keep going back is the great food, I just have to mentally be prepared for terrible service.
3	Great place to meet friends and have a drink or two. Friendly staff, food is ok not great. Very reasonable prices for the quality and quantity. Quality of ingredients are good, the ensemble of them is not impressive. Try their brownie desert, I am not a big fan of brownies but this one was a great hit with everyone at our table.
5	Really cool place. We're from the Bay Area and stayed nearby. We got to the address late, and there seemed to be limited options open for food. Their kitchen was open, so we checked it out around midnight on a Saturday. Very modern, very hip-- almost trying too hard to be so, but it was cool. DJ playing dance music was alright. Most importantly, the service was good, the did was good, the drinks were stiff, and it was very affordable. A place like this in San Francisco would have $8 well cocktails and $5.50 Bud Lights. Here they were $4.50 and $3.50.Nachos with pork were amazing, the sliders aren't just a miniature burger type thing, they're good sized and are absolutely delicious. Great spot!
5	Never a disappointment ,our waitress Madison was wonderful ,, and the chicken wings we DELISH as always ,,,,,
4	Went to this place last night and I loved it! I ordered the Irish exit to drink and it was awesome. The vibe there is pretty chill and the music isn't to loud. Only thing that sucks is the parking lot should be bigger. I really liked the whole set up and I sat inside but I got a good look at the outside area and it was really nice as well. Next time I go I'll probably eat and drink out there with a few friends
4	I thoroughly enjoyed our Saturday night at the Big Uptown. Its a trendy nook in a N Phoenix community. It is a hip, laid back, and a community oriented pot that's has a life of its own.After a few beers and a game of cornhole  I sat down outside in the terrace by the fire pit to enjoy my Chorizo Fundido. Not a fan of Chorizo but this dip was delicious. Then I topped it off with the Vig Ass Burger. It was cooked perfectly w all of the right trimmings.I highly recommend this place as a date night must.
4	Great happy hour!! Free valet service. Very spacious place.Traditional wings- Thumbs up! Awesome!!Pastor tacos- Decent. My husband liked them more than I did.Flatbread- Meh. Wouldn't order again.The people next to us ordered the sliders with fries and the portion was huge. Looked really good. Great spot. Food was decent, but nothing to write home about. Lots of energy and nice centralized location in Phx. We'll be back!!
5	Went here on a Thursday night for a date with the wife. Service was attentive and kind. We sat in a booth and they kept our glasses full and served us consistently throughout the night without being overbearing. The burger I ordered was really rich and tasty. Definitely one of the best burgers I've had in a while. The wife had fish tacos and they were good too. We also ordered the bread pudding dessert and it was pretty darn amazing! Good stuff Vig! We enjoyed our night and will be back.
3	Okay, first off the food is pretty good but standard fare for restaurants of the area (looking at you,  OHSO) and that isn't a bad thing. Inventive American cuisine... Some stuff is vegetarian. The service is usually alright, nothing special. The thing I enjoy the most about the Uptown location is the architecture. The back of the restaurant has huge, huge windows that keep you distracted when you just can't ogle whoever you're with any longer. There is a turf strip inside (and thankfully out of the way of) the restaurant in the back where you can play cornhole (that beanbag tossing game goes by a few different names I've heard) with your friends. Apparently the happy hour rules. Too bad I've never made it on time. This place gets pricey quickly. I'd probably take my mother here if I wanted to pretend like I was fancy.
5	I've always loved the Vig since the first time I went.  The food is good, the presentation is good, but most of all I just love the atmosphere.  Very relaxed, reminds me of California.  Very artsy and sophisticated.  love it.  I guess Unique is the word I'm looking for, and I looove unique.  Phoenix has so many restaurants and they all seem similar, but the Vig has a personality of it's own.
4	Service is really good. Hot waitresses. Nachos are good. Hostess are friendly. The place is cool. It's an old bank.
4	Chic & modern with an inventive menu & drink list.Date night and we try going to Richardsens without a res... Bad idea! Over an hour and a half wait, no room at the bar- so we decide on the vig since we love the Arcadia location.We are seated with no wait in a booth, drink Oders timely though "take Bethany home" is not delicious at all... The flavors need to be rethought in this cocktail.  Switched to the pineapple drink which is delicious.  Sometimes if we go to the vig for drinks as dessert I'll do the key lime martini- delicious!!I ask if the waiter recommends the salad or salmon which she responded she's just not an overall salmon eater so the salad but I get the salmon anyways.  My hunny goes for his usual turkey pretzel bun sandwich.  My salmon was cooked & seasoned nicely with fresh prepared accompaniments.  His sandwich was Delish as always.Our service was decent but not memorable or inspired.  The restaurant is very loud and we were in a super busy path to the bathroom so we didn't linger.
4	This is a really nice place to bring friend & family. The patio is great!I had the "The Chick" sandwich awesome...
4	Our server Andrew, is just amazeballs. There we were 7 gay men at a "straight" place & his attention to detail and enthusiasm was spot on. Thank you Andy!!! Cheers!!!
3	While the food and decor is really nice .. the drinks however just didn't make the cut.  A few friends and I gave the Vig a shot one Thursday after work for happy hour.  The happy hour prices are reasonable - I guess.  the food is great but I had the worst Margarita ever!  Super sour, taste more like spiked limeade surprisingly.  It was only 6 of us that Thursday evening, only 2 of us order mixed drinks - we were both unhappy with them.  The other 4 ordered wine so no complaints with them.
4	Met up with a friend for Happy Hour at the Vig, it's another place I have been meaning to check out.  I didn't do any research on the place so when I pulled in and my door was opened by some strange man I was sorta thrown off, but overcame that quickly as I walked toward the restaurant.   I didn't see any signs saying it was valet parking, so that's why I was a little caught off guard.Once inside I got to check out the place , its retro with a cool vibe, I could see how hanging out at the Vig has become popular. My friend and I were headed to another event so eating wasn't really what we were into, but after a quick look at the menu we decided on some guac & chips and grilled fish tacos. The guac was fresh and creamy; the added pico went great with it. The fish tacos though stole the show, the tomatillo & avocado salsa on blacken white fish with spicy slaw, explosion of flavors! I might have to go back soon just for that! So good!The Vig is a great place to start your happy hour off at, nice drink selection and food choices! Look forward to coming back
3	Annoyingly trendy, drinks and food aren't very good. After dining at all Vigs, I can say that they're almost pretty cool. The bartenders and slow waiters take themselves way too seriously, and bless their hearts if they don't mess up your order. The design is great, valet is fun, and the DJs often play too loud.
4	I've always wanted to try the Vig and never had a chance. Saturday afternoon we were in the area so we decided to try it. We walked in for lunch and I guess for lunch it's a pick your own table no hostess. Very modern looking. Very interesting inside just can't describe besides very modern. The inside is pretty dark where we sat. They had modern music playing. Pretty upbeat but not rocky. Anyways, I ordered the Vigazz burger with sweet potato fries. The burger was interesting with grilled red onions, tomatoes, cheese, and greens. It looked really good but tasted ok. Let me put it this way. Not a lot of taste. I really loved the sweet potato fries. Overall, I thought it was an okay meal. My wife ordered the Turkey sandwich which had tons of turkey with coleslaw and cranberry on a pretzel roll. Nice combination. I stole a quick bite and it was really good.  The service was really good. We were greeted quickly at our table. Drinks were at our table quickly and refills regularly. They even boxed my wife's leftovers. So overall, we had a really good time. Great relaxing atmosphere, good food, and good service. What else could you ask for. We enjoyed it. I hope you do too.
4	Love their happy hour, 5 dollar wings! Service is good. I work at jesse james bodywellness next door so whenever its happy hour I try to get in.
4	I have been intending to come here for some time but until tonight it hadn't worked out.... tonight however I came here with some friends and was not disappointed. The ambiance is great and the staff were on point. The waiter did not write down our order which honestly does not impress me. What impresses me is getting my order right. Luckily he got our food right, but I do worry if that is their policy that future visits I may not be so lucky. The waiter was very attentive and had a great attitude. The food was amazing. I ordered the chicken club and absolutely loved it. One of my friends ordered the Mac and cheese which was equally amazing and a huge portion. Pricing was fairly decent as well running about 15 per person for the meals. I will definitely be returning.
5	The Vig is a modern, urban spot. There was nice music, good service, and most importantly, GREAT food! I ordered turkey sandwich and split it with a friend. Very satisfying, the cole slaw and cranberry were a nice touch and the sweet potato fries were delicious. Another friend ordered the fish tacos and thoroughly enjoyed that as well. For dessert we ordered the banana pudding, which was surprisingly good. I could definitely pin the Vig as an ideal hangout, and you will definitely see me around again :-)
4	I love the layout of this location and it's a fave of mine when I am geographically misplacing my happy face to wreak havoc outside of my zip code. It's much different vibe than the Arcadia and now McCormick Ranch ones. I have yet to wander aimlessly to the downtown one...oh the anticipation!The crowd here is uber cool, like the stylish hipster type. I love the patio area with the games, especially during the cool nights. The outside seating forces you to want to sit and lounge on the chairs and watch people. Staff never disappoints and food is consistent. I mean if you are going to check out one, check them all out.
5	THE FOOD WAS DELICIOUS !!!! Service was awesome had a great time .... Casual dining good for gatherings with friends and family
4	I really loved this place. Its very modern and a great place for people of all ages. The food and drinks are fantastic and the service was great too! The Valet Parking threw me off a little bit but don't worry its free :)
5	I love the Vig! I've been to the Fillmore location and now also the Uptown location.  We split a lunch burger special and it was fantastic, the service was great, we never had empty glasses or had to wait long for anything.  Super amazing onion rings as well!!
2	I used to love this place. However, me and my gf came here on a sat at 4pm. Parking lot was empty. We told valet we didn't have any cash and asked if we can park our own car. Seemed like a good deal for me since he didn't have to do his job for free. He declined and told us to park across the street. I thought valet was setup to be a convenience.. However it was an inconvenience for us to run through traffic with heels on. You lost business today.
4	Love the atmosphere and the 'grilled' wings (I don't believe they don't throw them in the fryer before grilling but I don't care; they taste great).  Had a brunch dish once and it was good if not memorable (I think it was some hash).  Wife liked the french toast last time.
3	The decor is modern and pleasing to the eye- particularly the large, sunny, front room. Sat in a cozy booth. (Who doesn't love a booth?)Ordered the deconstructed fish tacos and hoped for the best.They were actually, delicious!  Even more surprising was that the side of black beans was well spiced and delicious as well.Just enough pineapple was added to the dish- fresh greens- great.I would just knock off points for the sort of flavorless guacamole and the pale and tasteless diced tomato. I would also suggest that they use actual sized corn tortillas. The dish came with three VERY small corn tortillas. Enough for three small bites or two big ones- kind of silly to spend time making a fish taco on such a small tortilla. Just make them regular sized and fix the guacamole and this dish would be out of this world.Also, the fish for the taco came out kind of cold- not warm or hot.Still, the deconstructed fish taco was otherwise so well done that I will be back to try some more. Service was prompt. Really do like the atmosphere and the grown up- but not stuffy- vibe at lunch. Will have a drink next time as well!
5	Been here a few times and definitely plan on coming back. Enjoy the brunch they have and the bottomless mimosa (which it worth the extra $$$) is awesome. Also really like changing up the mimosa with different juice like orange or pineapple.Really love the brunch menu, the corned beef hash was good, but really love their version of a monte cristo (it may be my regular). Also really like the black been burger and fish taco I tried for lunch at other times.
4	I can not get enough of The Vig! I have been there many times and have always had a great experience. On sundays they do BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS! They were very good at keeping my glass full and they are large and delicious. All of the food I have gotten there has been great so far. They also have a pretty good selection of beers and interesting cocktails. Anything you order will be amazing!
5	Great food, service, and awesome place!!
2	We love the Vig. Been their many times. We ordered take out this evening. Pad Thai. My friend was enjoying his meal and bit into a piece of wire that was in his pad Thai. Luckily he didn't cut or slice his mouth or swallow it but it was shocking this was in his food. I was not happy. Never had that happen before.
5	I can't say enough about the Vig Uptown. It's just the right place between "eating out establishment where I can get a bite to eat," coupled with the feel of actually being out with your friends on the town. The fish tacos take a mexican food skeptic like me and make me eschew the burger I ordered - with gluten free bun no less - in a box because they looked a lot better.Both tasted great and the portion sizes are healthy enough not to leave you hungry again after you are done with your dinner. I like The Vig because not every bar place is a comfortable spot for the resident teetotaler in my group and yet, here we can eat well, check out the TV screens with the game or answer trivial pursuit questions in pepper tins until we're bored. The place can be loud at times when it's late and there's a crowd, but whether it's 4pm or 11pm, it still feels right. Have always had good service here, too.
5	This is a really nice, casual place to go. The food is always fresh, the atmosphere nice, and the drink are good as well!!! The service is super friendly and fast :) :)Would definitely recommend it!
