3	This is exactly what you think it is inside.A crazy white-man's fantasy come true.Beautiful wood.  Stained glass. Massive doors.  Illuminati Iconography. You keep searching for Dumbledore or Gandalf and you keep finding him around every corner.They open this place to the slack-jawed on Sundays for something that is best described as "brunch with the common folk".    It's decent eggs.   And well worth attending so that you can have something solid in your mind to dream about for your secret-society role play fantasies.  You sick fuck. I'm pretty sure that there's a secret tunnel below this joint that goes straight to Wanda's.    One thing's for sure.  I'll never be invited back to find out.
5	Elegance and Opulence at its finest oh yes Club Mount Stephen is all of that and more. Upon walking to find a dinner bite to eat with my gf for my first meal ever in Montreal i was excited to try some wonderful French bistro style eats. While walking looking for that perfect place we both stopped dead in our tracks, the lights, the ambiance of the older ladies eating outside by this cobblestone alley way of beauty pitted right next to this beautiful Club was enough to make huff and puff and approach the building with the swagger of Karl Lagerfield. Upon looking at the menu i was intrigued and then the maitre'd informed that they would be closing up shop in a few minutes but we would be the last guests of the night if we wanted to eat. We obliged and entered and were promptly seated, the setting was beautiful, very nice classical soothing music, dimly lit lights, gorgeous weather and sitting outside i couldn't have asked for more.We ended up getting a 1/2 carafe of red wine which was pretty good, very strong and got the job done of getting us both buzzed. Obviously your going to laugh when you read above that i wanted French bistro style food and we ended up ordering the Steak Frites which was big enough for two, so we shared it like a true couple and each enjoyed our fries, all very well cooked. Then one of the gentlemen either heard us talking about how beautiful the Club was or was super into my gf (which may i say she was looking very stunning that night so who can blame him) Either way he offered to show us the inside and let me tell you, think of The Plaza Hotel or better yet the Palace Hotel in NYC or a French Palace in Versailles, France that is exactly the type of architectural beauty that we saw within the Club. We also found out it holds weddings, numerous other occasions, and the venue has been shot in a number of feature length films, the one he mentioned we had both seen The Mummy 2 with Brendan Fraser. If you want to bring a tear or a flutter to your significant other's heart bring them here for a drink or lunch/dinner they will never forget it. Call ahead to make sure the bar, restaurant, or one of the opulent dining rooms is open to the public. (Usually on wknds it is from what i was told)
