4	Have you ever seen a rainbow explode?  If not, go into desigual!  Even the bags you get with your purchase look like an exploding rainbow!This place is neat - a dark store filled with rainbow-y funky clothes!  Be forewarned, the sizes are European, so the fit can be tricky.  I had a great sales associate (did not get her name) but she was helpful in translating sizes and checking in on me in the dressing room!I ended up falling in love with a beautiful rainbow-y patchwork dress with a deep V that fit me fabulously and had satin trim on the bottom so with a cami it could be work appropriate, but without it would be honeymoon-in-Thailand appropriate.  The prices are a bit high and I got something full price but it was not too bad.  There was a 30% off sale but none of those items fit me right.  They had gorgeous bubble hem dresses (my weakness) but they were all tight in the chest area (I guess many European ladies don't have that issue?)Anyway, now I can float through Thailand looking like a rainbow quilt, and feel gorgeous too!
4	4 stars and not 5 only because of the price. Some background 411, this store originated from Barcelona, Spain by a street artist that would paint designs on clothes. There's also stores located in NYC, Beverly Center and soon Santa Monica.This artsy gem, simply put, is cool! The skirts, bags, coats, and everything else are so artsy. There so unique because it looks like an artist just created a design on the spot and made it work. From personal taste, I don't think the designs or patterns are overwhelming, they're actually flattering. Sizes of the clothes runs small, so watch out.**If you can't afford to buy anything, ask for a the large DESIGUAL shopping bag. It's large, free and reusable!
5	Bumpin' desigual to five stars because of outstanding service.  I am definitely recognized by some of the sales associates as I pounce in - "back for more? we DID just get new stuff in since you were last here..."The reason I came in today was different.  Desigual has an amigo card where you earn points for purchases (free to have, like a loyalty card) and twice a year, they offer friends and family nights 20% discount on full-priced items in the new collection.  They are currently running a $5 off per item promotion for non-amigo holders, but given this is pricier Spanish fashion, I knew this discount was too good to pass up.I was bummed to see it was only offered in Vegas on the holiest day of the year for me, though different cities have different friends and family nights.  I popped into the store prior to the date to discuss with the store manager getting an alternate time to use the discount.  She told me she had to investigate with her manager in Spain, but promised to contact me.  We kept in touch via e-mail and she called me - it took almost 2 weeks, but she was able to work with me.  I told her the date I could come in and she promised the assistant manager would expect me today.I walked in and shook his hand, and tried on tons of stuff before selecting a skirt from the new La Croix line (high-waisted poofy pencil skirt), plus a grey and red skirt, then an angled zipper multicolored sweater.Shopping here is fun in this colorful, dark fashion sanctuary.  I give props to manager Ranza for making this possible and I am glad I have found a great spot to find clothes that fit my bright, colorful, and fun personality!
