4	I can't believe there are no reviews yet for this great little cafe-by-day/hot-spot-by-night.  Appetizing comfort food comes in all forms including sandwiches, burgers, soups and greek specialties.  There are tables out on the sidewalk, but the best thing about Amy's is loitering at the bar during happy hour on a lazy Thursday afternoon enjoying a couple of two buck cocktails.
5	Love this place for food and/or drinks.  The soup, salad, baguette combo is a definite winner, boasting a baguette that takes me back to Paris.  I never pass up a chance to eat here.  The kitchen staff doesn't always speak English, and I love an opportunity to practice my restaurant sspanish that I learned back in my waitressing days.  Always a fun crowd in the bar with cute bartenders, I spent most of Halloween weekend here.  5 stars.
4	Amy's Cafe is an excellent spot for lunch.  In college I lived across the street and had to stop there every other day.  Soup, salad and baguette is my favorite.  Their greek salads are excellent, the brocolli cheese soup very good, and who doesn't love baguettes.  Try the soup in a bread bowl as well.  Perfect spot for a light lunch.  Biggest drawback however, is the unbalanced tables outside and the size inside.  It's very compact, and if you're not careful when sitting outside you could lose your drink to the shaky tables that lean down the slight hill.
3	Amy's was one of those places that seemed amazing when I was a Freshman at madison and then got less and less cool over the years.    They must have hired a new manager or something between 2000 and 2004, because the staff went from people who knew how to make food to people who knew how to get stoned before work.  My favorite item at Amy's was the Mediterranean Plate for $5.95 which got you more hummus than even I could eat (and I love me some hummus), tabbouleh, greek salad, and a lots of grilled pita with yogurt sauce.  Many times during my junior and senior year of school I would order my Med Plate, pay my 6 bucks, go and sit down.  Twenty minutes later, some frat boy would stumble out of the kitchen and slur the phrase, "We're out of hummus."  I can only think that out of those twenty minutes, it took him 11 to remember what hummus was, and then 9 more to remember where it was in their 4 square foot kitchen.The bar clientele also seemed to change over the years from people who wanted to have a relaxing drink, to people who wanted to dress up (and I mean dress up in no clothes) and do Jager Bombs.If you avoid the bar crowd and order something simple enough for the guy behind the counter, Amy's is still a good deal when you're too lazy to cook.  The soup salad and baguette is a good choice,  the veggie chili in a bread bowl is filling and cheap, and if buddy behind the counter can find the hummus, try the Mediterranean plate.
4	One of the old stand bys in Madtown.  Whether you're looking for a nice meal that doesn't cost a lot or you want to go with some friends for drinks Amy fits both needs.  The salad/soup/baguette combo is something I've eaten 100 times in my life.  Sometimes twice in one day.  The soups, which rotate daily, are all good.  My favorite was the cheesey brocoli.  You gotta get eat veggies in college somehow.  The spicy fried and chicken sandwich also makes a fine meal.  Wash it down with a pint of something off the tap.  No attitude and not too sceney just a good old place for drinks and grub.
4	I must admit that this wasn't my pick and I did want to go to another place. However, my friend insisted that we eat here, good job AL! Cheap drinks, extra strong Long Island for $3 and Blue Moons for $2.50. Great food, even a great selection for vegetarians like me : ) Good times that afternoon of the Mifflin Day shite.mmmmm....loaded waffle fries!!
3	I agree that Amy's is a fabulous standby restaurant, when you're hungry, poor, and want something that will accommodate the hungry and not significantly add to your credit card debt too much.  That being said, I am a huge fan of the Mediterranean plate, veggie pita, broccoli cheese soup, the chili, and all of the salads. (Even in winter, they're quite crisp and not scary) Some of my dear friends (who have vendettas against the other Greek place on State St) swear by the gyros at Amy's.   Additionally Amy's has fair and reasonable nightly/daily drink specials, and not so long ago they used to not card so hard.... but alas the times have changed.
3	The drinks are great- the bartenders just friendly enough.  The wait for the food, though- that's a killer.
4	Amy's Cafe has a wider range of menu items than one might expect. You can get a burger, a deli sandwich, one of several greek items, and quite a bit more. Also, Amy's has a bar attached, so it's both a good place to eat and also to get a drink. The one reservation I have is that sometimes the wait for your food can be longer that one might expect. Not terribly long, though.
4	Others have already said it, but to describe Amy's in one word: Standby.This is the place that you go to have lunch when you're not really sure what you are in the mood for, when you don't have much to spend, or just want something relatively quickly and fresh.The bar is also a great place when you just want to have a chill night of hanging out and getting your buzz on. Or even just a great place to start out a night of grander debauchery.This place was such a "go to" joint for me that I actually had to make a conscious effort at times for it to not be the first place I suggest for lunch or drinks.And the bar itself is just so improbable. The place is designed as a super-casual lunch spot with your standard fast food-esque tables and some gaudy pastel decor. But then there's a nice carved wood backbar off to one side. So things can seem a bit surreal when you first start drinking there.Prices on everything are a bargain. And I seem to recall them having a really good long island, if you're into that kind of thing.
1	*Note 1:  This review is for the food and restaurant only -- haven't experienced the bar* *Note 2:  This review is based on a horrifyingly memorable experience from 2005*Winter, blustery, below 0.  I wanted a bowl of piping hot soup, my friend lived in the apartment above Amy's Cafe.  We entered the establishment.  Quiet, dirty, napkins on the floor, old food crusted on the tables.  I ordered the broccoli cheese soup, they served me luke warm Velveeta with a handful of frozen broccoli and a rock hard "baguette."  Yuck.  Inedible.  Two stars simply because my friend finished her sandwich and  I liked her pickle.
4	Bar is a gem and draws a certain kind of crowd--eccentric.  Not to offend anyone I'm just saying it's good conversation. Food is good too. One of my favorite places to dine 3 out of the 12 months when it's actually warm--I love to grab a Greek salad and grub out on their seating outside. Their waffle fries are definitely a favorite too. If you're new, come on a Tuesday to get their chicken rice kabob special--a full meal for 6.95! (includes that amazing Greek salad).  I hear their gyros are with real lamb meat as well--supposedly a good thing.  :)
2	I stopped eating here last summer.  I have a rule.  I cross any place off my list when I'm too distracted by all the flies to pick something from the menu.  I'd give one star, but, the saving grace is that all the flies are dead in the winter.  And Madison has a lot of winter.
3	Like any place on/ near State St., parking sucks.Other than that it is really nice.  I had a simple ham sandwich and (although they forget the sprouts) it was so good and fresh, the wheat bread was nice and soft and the pasta salad with feta was fantastic.  According to my friend, you should always try the special because it was the best, but I was very happy with my meal.My buddy told me a quite sentimental story about getting in there underage, but as we are all old now, I can't vouch for that.
5	As possibly my favorite bar, discounting the fact that this place is pretty divey with its rope lights and not so posh tables and chairs, I have no choice but to give this place 5 stars.Amy's is underrated.There is no deal that rivals half priced rail drinks between 10pm-midnight every night! $2 a drink? That's crazy cheap. Also, I just hit up their Thursday night $3.50 margarita/daquiri special again last night and they don't get any less tasty over time.Amy's gets crowded a bit on weekend nights like everywhere else, but on weeknights, there's never a problem finding a table with your friends.I actually hope Amy's stays underrated so that I know in future years on trips back, then there will be a table ready for me. :-)
3	I've eaten here a couple times now and have never been disappointed.  The last time was this past summer, we ate outside, and it was really nice.  While it's pretty small inside, the food is really good.  I love their homemade chips.  I've never had the desire to go for drinks, it's sort of an odd destination, but regardless, I think they do a really nice job as a restaurant for what they have.
5	I love Amy's! Great, intimate atmosphere. Good food. Great specials.Amy's is my first stop on my night out. Half price drinks between 10 and 12 can't be beat. I also like that it's small and (usually) not very crowded so you can just hang out with some friends. It's not a "seen-and-be-seen" which is nice. I've shown up a couple times in sweatpants. The location is great, too, because it's right in between State Street and University.I also like the food. Spicey waffle fries are delicious as is the veggie wrap. I've also tried a couple of the wraps which are decent. It's not the best food, but it's pretty good when you're in a pinch. The only thing that could make Amy's better is if they served the waffle fries all night long.
5	WOW! A great spot to grab a reasonable and tasty meal in Madison. pros:cheap drinkscheap, good food (of a greek bent but more general grill)friendly staffquick servicecons:none...Wow, I can't think of single thing wrong with this place, so long as you're looking for counter service. It is perfectly executed quick, nutritious food that isn't super healthy but doesn't go out of its way to be bad for you.
3	Food is what you expect.  The ambience is ok inside, and sometimes it takes awhile to get a drink.  It's got a good crowd though.
4	I loved Amy's Cafe! They had so many choices and varieties of interesting foods. It was a quaint little cafe and the outdoor seating was a great option! The only reason this is 4 stars is because it took a little while to get our food even though there was barely anybody in the restaurant. Awesome though, definitely going back!
2	The barley soup was the saltiest soup I have ever tasted.  Salads and hummus plate are severely overpriced.  If I ever come back, I'll stick to the burgers.
3	Dollar rail drinks on Mondays! The outdoor patio area is usually a popular spot to hang out on a nice summer night. Bartenders are hit or miss. Some of the newer guys are completely incompetent and rude to boot.Never been here for the food.
4	One of the best places to come in Madison when you're looking for your typical American food, or if you want a Mediterranean twist on that same food. They've got everything from burgers to salads to falafel, and I find myself staring at the menu for ages every time I visit. This is an especially good place to bring a quarreling group because you're sure to find something for everyone, including vegetarians. The burgers are pretty solid - I especially recommend their patty melts. Be sure to order the waffle fries to complement your food - they're fried to a perfect crisp that makes them fluffy and crunchy at the same time.While Amy's makes for a great restaurant experience, it totally falls flat as a bar experience. The drink specials are lousy 90% of the time, and the interior setup is not at all conducive to a bar crowd. I avoid getting drinks here because they're always expensive and the bartenders are pretty surly. And it's tiny in there; I have enough trouble fitting in Amy's without a line out the door.
3	After reading other reviews, I guess I didn't realize how cheap their drinks are... but Amy's is still the most g-e-n-e-r-i-c place in Madison.I try to avoid.
4	Great chicken sandwiches and burgers -- waffle fries are amazing. Reasonable price. The owners of Argus took over not too long ago and did a much-needed facelift of the place, but kept the place relatively the same with its Greek restaurant roots.It's small, so gets a bit packed on Friday and Saturday evenings, but I don't really go to Amy's for a night out, rather a bite to eat for lunch or early dinner.
5	I have never had anything bad from Amy's Cafe!!!  We usually get delivery and just blindly order the soup of they day as no matter what it is it is delicious!!!  Some of my favorites are the Greek salad with chicken, veggie wrap, cesear salad...basically everything!!!
4	A friend from college once asked me, "Do you ever think about visiting Madison?"  I replied, "No, but I do sometimes think about Amy's roast beef sandwich."Now let us take a moment for the world's greatest French dip sandwich.Nice, light bread.  Warm roast beef.  Onions that don't taste like onions but make the sandwich work.  Au jus that makes you want to say AUUU YEAH!!!They're now under new ownership since I graduated (and let's be honest, that might have happened quite a few times since I left xx years ago).  I do have to commend all owners, past and present that they are dedicated to making this place as shitty as the previous owner.  Crappy tables, a fly that is always buzzing around your food and drinks and an overall terrible seating arrangement.But you, dear French dip.  If you did not exist, there's probably no way in hell I would go to Amy's because the inside of the restaurant is yuck central.100 stars for the French dip.
4	Looking at Amy's it doesn't seem that great. But then your friend takes you there for lunch. They have excellent sandwiches! They were also playing the soccer game when I was there so that's a definite plus.
4	Great food! Better prices.  I've been to Amy's 10 plus times in the past 12 months.  Great place to stop for appetizers and drinks before Badgers games at the Kohl Center. Their Irish Nachos (waffle fries) are to die for!  Their chicken sandwiches are great and burgers are good too.  All at good "Catholic" prices.  In the summer months they have outdoor seating which is nice, but the inside of Amy's isn't much to see, as other reviewers have commented.
4	I was so pleased going here! We were tired of the regular State street bars and restaurants and Amy's was such a nice surprise. Super friendly staff and delicious food. I would have given this 5 stars for sure if the falafel balls weren't a bit dry. Even crummy food would bring me back. Nice people at a nice price. Life is good. Oh and the mystery shots were fun, and deadly too. :)
5	The staff here is awesome!  Great bar just off of state street that always has great prices on food and drinks.  If you want some good food without spending too much from a great staff this place is for sure worth a try.
4	I love Amy's.. When my bf and I go downtown this is the first place we stop. Good prices and never crowded.
4	Waffle fries. This is the only place in town I've seen Waffle fries. Thank you Yelp!!!! Awesome taste, great crisp. LOVE WAFFLE FRIES.Yes, it looks like a dingy bar, but who cares when you can get waffle fries at lightning speed. I think the server, only one in the bar, gave us our fries within 5 minutes. And it was piping hot. LOVE!Also tried the bbq chicken wings, reasonably good. very messy to eat. Some wings surprisingly had broken bones :( Overall 5/5 for waffle fries; 3.5/5 for the rest
5	Amy's has been around Madison since the early 80's but it is still a classic through all the years and all the changes. The new owners, Rick and Gwen from Argus and The Paradise, bought this place in spring of 2011 and it's been a great place to be ever since. Falafel platter, Asian Chicken Wrap/Salad, The Badrider Burger, Meatball Sub and the Pot Roast sandwich stand out on this menu that is part Greek, but mostly American. The drink deals on Monday ($1.50 PBR Pints, $3 craft beer pints, $2 rail drinks and $6 PBR Pitchers are as good as they get in town. The service is incredible. The bartenders and servers are nice and very hospitable. Amy's is the best place just off of State Street and never filled with annoying college kids.
4	Up until at least 1999-2000, Amy's was Madison's top hangout spot to see and be seen, with its' eclectic coterie mix of fun-loving and laid back college students, pseudo-intellectuals, damsels, knaves and scallywags. A physical facelift and new ownership gives the iconic place a kindler, gentler unpretentious vibe. You want a Bacon Cheeseburger? - how you want it done? A shot of Jamo-? - let's do this! If you're visiting Madison for a football or basketball game, or attending a graduation, round the corner of State Street and do drop in.
4	This is a very cool place. Quaint, cozy, and comfortable. I dropped-by to check out the happy hour, after reading about the $6 PBR pitchers here on Yelp.+ Small bar area with a cool shape+ Love the cocktail napkin "art" that's displayed behind the bar+ Nice tap list with great pricing+ Friendly bartender; very helpful+ Decent music playing on a nice sound system+ Friendly patronsMenu looked interesting; alas, I was there for a single brew before continuing my journey along State Street. Crowd seemed more mature; not full of dude-bros. Very cool place - I'd go back in a second.
4	Amy's cafe. Its a bar with bar food. Nothing over the top amazing. We had some drinks and some food. I ordered a burger which was a standard bar burger. Wasn't dry, came with all the fixings, just nothing blow your mind wow. HOWEVER, what bumped this from 3 to 4 stars was the special. A chilli dog. Butterflied hot dog on a hogie bun with all the fixings. It was amazing. And waffle fries? I didn't know you could find those at a bar! Boy was that dish good. Try Amy's if you are looking for a place to relax, have a beer and watch a football game,
4	bread is awesome and the amuse bouche keep coming in between the courses they never stop. We usually book in the dining room this year we went for the lounge - everything is the same in either place - if you go to NYC this is the ONE RESTAURANT you should visit.
