5	I always wonder how this place has stayed in business so long. Greg must be loaded and just do this for the passion of it. Last time I came in here the man working gladly helped me find what I needed and ordered what I wanted. He even had them waiting for me when I went in again. He was also really knowledgeable on his stuff. He wasn't some breathy creepy neckbeard working in a comic shop. As a girl I'm usually terrified to take the adventure into one of these lion dens to pick up what I want because it can be pretty scary. He was simply a nice old man. I'll continue to come here for all of my comic book needs :}
5	This place is awesome. I always find an awesome find when I come in. I very rarely see small comic shop's anymore but this place is great. Whenever I go in the people who work there are just hanging out in the back but if you need help they're always glad to help you.
5	This is a great comic shop.  The staff is very knowledgeable and the atmosphere is terrific.  There are always people laughing and telling jokes.  I can't forget to mention that they have very low prices, and they have special sales all the time.  I don't go anywhere on Wednesday (except work if I have to) until I stop into Greg's Comics.
5	Unbelievable. This shop is absolutely fantastic!!! The staff is friendly, the atmosphere is great, the back issues are VERY well stocked, and most of all, the prices are LOW. I absolutely love Greg's Comics. If you are in the East Valley, don't set up your subscription box service anywhere else. Greg's is the place to be. No other shop in the East Valley will give you a better deal! My favorite part about this shop (other than the incredible prices and the amazing staff) is the way they display the weekly new issues. Every week, the issues to be released on Wednesday are displayed on a very long buffet table. Many other stores I've visited have a 'new issues' section, but none are as easy to navigate as Greg's. I love this shop! Every Wednesday I look forward to visiting the shop. Some weeks I even head over on tuesday to see what will be releasing the next day!
5	This place is great. It's one of the best comic book shops in the valley. They are really concentrated on current and back issues of comics. There are a few toys and collectibles in the shop, but the true love is comics, and it really shows. The staff are knowledgeable and friendly. I have never been treated with disdain for asking questions (even if they are silly or ignorant). They always have a sale of some sort going on, and it's really appreciated. If they don't have something that you want, they order it. I've been in there a number of times when a regular has come in, and they've had a stack/box waiting. Quality place, quality comics, quality dudes.
5	This is the closest comic shop to me albeit still a good 20 minutes away! But well worth the voyages! This is the really the only comic shop left that hasn't close down for good reason! I went there looking for more of the figures and statues, specifically for star wars. Even though most of the store is riddled with comics upon comics, they still had a great section for figures and such. I think I found about 10 cases or more of purely star wars figures at incredible prices. So many in fact that I had to dig through them for a good 10 minutes. There could have been more cases that were out of sight as well. The service was the best I have seen as it is such a friendly atmosphere with a sale going on all the time. The guy behind the desk would not mind helping out the other customers in looking for specific pieces. Also noticed that they hold newly released stuff(mostly comics) for returning customers to buy. Overall great place and will result in more trips in the future.
3	Nice comic books store, not very friendly but have a variety of back issues.
5	Great comic shop, one of the top ones in the valley. Very good supply of the newest titles and a pretty good supply of back issues. Prices seem reasonable also.
2	Drove 45 minutes to get here only to find the store hours were incorrect and the store closed. Please update your store hours.
4	Great store, great staff, great prices, and a great selection of books!  I have boxes of comic books from when I was younger and I was looking to start a hobby for me and my new son.  The staff was great in helping me start my new son's collection.
5	The best place to experience comic book culture. It's crammed with books, comics, and toys. You have to explore every nook and cranny to see everything they have. The owner "My name is Howard not Greg" is super friendly and funny. I'm not sure if this is true, but if he likes you and you're not a doosh, he'll sell you stuff less than cover price!I was buying comics when cover prices were 50 cents, so discounts on these $4 comics is awesome.Oh yeah, no one knows about this: Ask to see the HELLBOY mural in the bathroom!
5	Much like others here, I've found Greg's to be my favorite store around for comics. It's loaded with back issues and the staff is always extremely helpful. When asking about a specific comic, you don't get a "point" in the proper direction -- they walk over to the section and hunt down your comic with you and if they don't have it, they offer alternative solutions for you.On top of the great service, they also have great prices. Most of the time they're offering lower-than-cover-price deals, which makes buying here a real treat.To me, Greg's has a real incentive to make me want to drive the extra distance past some other closer comic shops.
5	This is a comic book store.  Great people who are very knowledgeable about past, present, and near future comics.  Always helpful and willing to find what you want.
3	It's a great place for old and unusual toys.  They had comic books but felt they had more old toys then comics.  Their staff was friendly but that place was dark and dusty.  Price of the toys were low so if you are looking for unusual Star Wars, Star Trek and other "geeky" toys you should totally visit that shop.
4	Great little shop. Little dark and very cramped , but I found stuff I was told would be impossible to find short of ebay as well as small novelty items you usually only find at the conventions. The staff was great. As a lady in the comic world it's usually hard to find places that won't blow you off, but the staff asked what I was looking for, had some good recommendations, and had no problem carrying a solid conversation about other things in the nerd world. Can't wait to visit again and pick up the next issues of the series I read.
