5	Our family has used them twice now. And I was pleasantly surprised both times. We've had Dawn as our photographer both times, we actually requested her the second time. She is amazing. Everyone there is great about keeping our little one smiling and getting some great shots. Also you get a lot for your money. And the shots are a little more creative then they would be at Sears, Penny's or something similar. I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone.  You can see some of the photos in my profile by the way.
4	We had my daughter and niece's Christmas pictures done at this location and I was extremely happy with the quality of pictures! We have used P.I. for pictures several times at another location, this location did a wonderful job too! This location does tend to be very busy, so I would suggest an appointment and be ready to wait, even with the appointment. Great value, great quality, great with kids!~
2	Okay option; Be ready to spend about four hoursWe've used Portrait Innovations twice.  The pictures are good enough for routine family photos as your kids grow so fast.  And with the coupons available online, it's priced fairly reasonably.Pros: Despite your concerns with the look of the staff, you get some good photos; Bathrooms and dressing rooms are good; The ability to view, select, and have your photos printed inside an hour is helpfulCons: They are never on time with an appointment (when you have a baby, this is a BAD thing); We've spent more than four hours from arrival to walking out with pictures both times; There is up-sell; Staff can seem disorganized and abrupt
1	I have been here several times for my families pictures and loved that I could buy the package and then have access to the online studio for my family to buy more prints that I couldn't afford of my son. Well after our visit there today I will never go back. I went to get my sons second birthday pictures done and like usual I picked the favorite pose for the packet and then I assumed like the other 5-6 times I've been there, that the rest of my favorites would be available on the site for my parents to buy more sheets of the other poses, BUT no! At the end of everything, they inform me that the studio online is not available if you don't buy more poses upfront anymore. And only the additional poses you do buy are available on the site. So really if you get down to 10pictures you LOVE you have to buy atleast one sheet of every pose to be able to get them all online as well. Which would be several hundreds of dollars which I for one do not have. I am extremely disappointed that I lost so many amazing pictures of my baby boy because they no longer offer that option and my family could not buy more.... I will never go back....
4	I have been coming here, to get my family pictures done since my son was a baby. I love the different rooms but every time we go I definitely wish there was some type of privacy. The employers are great they are very patient and they take their time. Occasionally, you will run into the worker that uses the same poses every time you come. The bathrooms are always clean.  They always have a sweet deal with a coupon. They try real hard to get you to spend more money. But I d efinantly enjoy coming I'm every time.
1	Way over charge.  I wanted them to take pictures of my grandkids together and then she starts taking pictures individually. I wanted a different back drop that I saw another family use but the photogapher didn't get it . Took way too long with young children.  My husband was ready to walk out.  I ended up spending $200 when only planning on spending under $50.  The price started out at $400!  They got me.  I won't use them again.
4	We came here to get a single family photo taken at my mother-in-law's request. We made this intention known from the beginning but the photographer continued to take pictures in dozens of different poses. This didn't bother me so much as it would give me multiple options for a final outcome. What bothered me was the high-pressure sales technique implemented when we sat down to review the photos. The packages started around $450 which I wasn't intending to spend. Every time I reiterated that we only need one pose of the family she would have us remove a couple of poses but it would only drop the price $20-$30.In the end they won. We spent $145 when we only intended on $20. I'm happy with the pictures themselves but I wish the photographer would have respected our intentions at some point instead of constantly pushing for the higher sale.
3	We came here to get a single family photo taken at my mother-in-law's request. We made this intention known from the beginning but the photographer continued to take pictures in dozens of different poses. This didn't bother me so much as it would give me multiple options for a final outcome. What bothered me was the high-pressure sales technique implemented when we sat down to review the photos. The packages started around $450 which I wasn't intending to spend. Every time I reiterated that we only need one pose of the family she would have us remove a couple of poses but it would only drop the price $20-$30.In the end they won. We spent $145 when we only intended on $20. This didn't include any touch-ups like blemishes or anything which would have been nice. I'm pretty happy with the pictures themselves but I wish the photographer would have respected our intentions at some point instead of constantly pushing for the higher sale.
