2	Now, if this was a review of the food alone, this would have an extra star, but it's not, but I will say - the food was much much better than the naff service here. It was that naff, I had to dredge up the word naff in my own personal lexicon so I could reuse it from my primary school days, just for this review. When the waiter looks at you, realises you are asking for a takeaway, then looks away for a couple of minutes, apparently thats a signal to start talking. When we remained silent, and not just a little bemused, he looked back at us, looked at the pad, and picked up the pen. Oh... right, we're supposed to be giving our order. OK. He leaves, so do we, to run an errand. We return, the food is ready, and we are given a solitary bottle of warm beer. My pro-feminism wells up... but really, I don't think it mattered who the beer was aimed at, we just had one to share. For a meal for two. I'm back into a bemused state wondering who this kind of service impresses.Like I mentioned earlier, the food, it's nice enough, not too greasy either, but not memorable enough to make me want to go back to Bombay Lounge to deal with crap service again, not when there are other restaurants in town that provide better food and service. Sorry guys, your food isn't unpleasant, but you are.
5	Food here is superb. Never had a bad meal or even one classed as ordinary. Always brilliant. Of course, I need to talk about the Elephant in the room. The other excellent Indian restaurant in Dalkeith. We all know who were are talking about. It's a close run thing but for me, Bombay Lounge just edges it as I find I can taste more flavours rather than just hotness. Superb food, great staff. My local Indian restaurant/takeaway of choice.
4	The food within the restaurant is superb, staff are very welcoming on arrival, every request is catered for to a high standard. Being able to try wines before making a purchase is a great touch. As much as I love the food here...There is a downside.... As a TakeAway. the food isn't up to its usual high standard. Not only can you wait 2+hrs after placing order the food isn't really worth the wait in that case very hard rice and dry sauces. Can arrive cold (doesn't taste the same once reheated) Best to go into the restaurant and have a fantastic meal and experience.
