1	Wanted to get a sectional reupholstered and ended up with a nightmare of an experience.
1	Worst Customer Service and follow-up appointment.  I traveled from North side of town to view Design Center.  Location was not the best but I thought it would be good once inside.  Man was sitting at desk and never bothered to greet.  Sales Person came over and I made appointment for one of Team Members to come to residence and get ideas and work quoted.  It NEVER HAPPENED.  So Disappointed that they did not even call me back to say they were too busy.  Glad this happened as I cant imagine if they actually got awarded for contract work; their follow-up would be horrible.  BUYER BEWARE!  Customer Service and Follow-up is what gets your business relayed to friends.
4	I've used Valley Interiors several times over the last four years for a number of projects with very good results.  Recently they made some custom cushions for a  unique elkhorn chair - very successful and at a very fair price-- and recovered dining chairs for my neighbor with excellent results.  Overall, I've been very satisfied and have really enjoyed working with their management and associates.
1	Before you have granite work done by them, PLEASE ask to see our pictures. Terrible, extremely noticeable and customer service unprofessional.  rerr3@cox.net
4	Please read two updates posted after the initial review..........Initial Review: PLEASE be careful with this company. Push back on Lyn (one of their "designers" as far as her quotes and carefully observe your furniture when Valley Interiors releases the job as completed.I had used them several years ago to reupholster some furniture and the experience was acceptable. Fast forward several years later and I now have a chair and ottoman that I wanted recovered. I had received a quote af approximately $600 from a different company, but I liked the fabric that Valley Interiors had AND I had a Val Pak coupon for Valley Interiors for 50% off the fabric and 25% off labor - should have been a customer win, right???? Massively and sadly wrong... no customer win here. To begin with, Lyn gave me an ineresting explanation that their price quotes automatically include the 25% off labor.... hmmmmm - so, what's the purpose of a coupon? The fabric I selected had a price there at Valley Interiors business of about $25 (Lyn took the piece of paper I had written down fabric prices on), but she told me that the fabric cost also automatically included the 50% mark-down... interesting - why show the price as half what it was when labelling prices on the fabric rolls????? When I asked the name of the fabric manufacturer (so that I could see the actual price), I was told, "We get our stock fabric directly from the mills so we do not have information on the name and manufacturer of the fabric". Just be forewarned that if you have a coupon, it has absolutely no value and you are absolutley not getting any kind of a deal or price break from Valley Interiors. It's on me to have pushed back and I didn't, so you need to be careful with Valley's "designer", (Lyn) - not convinced she'd have your best interests at heart.What's not on me is Valley Interior's lack of quality control with their work. It should never have been released as a completed job to begin with and the "designer" should have also insisted that it be done right. The fabric I selected has a pattern and the work on the ottoman was beyond poor. It was noticeably off center and the ottoman will need to be re-covered if it gets used at all. FOLLOW UP AS OF MONDAY 1/5/15 - I received an e-mail and a phone call from Mary, the Showroom Manager wanting to verbally discuss the concerns I outlined on their web-site on Friday (1/2/15). The phone call was during normal business hours and I am frequently unable to take personal calls while I am at work. There was also a Yelp reply to my review from Ray, business owner. Both Ray and Mary each said they had e-mailed me twice (which isn't true - I've received only one e-mail and the e-mail was a follow up to Mary's voice message and these were made/done within a few minutes of the other) and both said they each had called me (again, not true - only Mary had called).... I have asked that Valley Interiors converse with me via e-mail so that there's no confusion going forward about any future communication. FOLLOW UP AS OF THURSDAY, 1/15/15 - I received additional communication between 1/5 and 1/15 from Valley Interiors and have been impressed with the customer service received from Mary Jarrous, Showroom Manager. Mary came to my office on Wednesday 1/7/15 and picked up the ottoman so that she could take it back to their shop and rework the areas in which the fabric didn't line up (between the cushion and the base). She returned the ottoman on 1/8/15 - new pics posted to show the improvement. Apparently the foam on the cushioned top had worn on one side which the "designer" who bid the work didn't observe. Once the foam was replaced, the fabric pattern lined up better. I'm giving 4 stars for the excellent follow up customer service, but debated with myself over this. Yelp's 4 stars commentary says, "Yay, I'm a fan" and I really am NOT a fan of the designer because I think she was not honest with the quote - I truly don't believe her story that she doesn't know that actual cost of the fabric and the story that their bid automatically includes a mark down for labor... she was unable to support any of this with an itemized bid - BUT any rip off here is on me for not pushing back. I'm also not a fan of Valley Interior's quality control - the initial work should have never been released as a completed job. The revised finished product is of good quality, so if you have a piece of furniture that you love (or have a sentimental attachment to like I did), I think Valley Interiors is as good of a place as any to get the work done. You'll need to watch your own back with Lyn (desinger), but sadly, that's our world sometimes.
