3	Giant Eagle gets a bad rap, but I really like this place, especially in retrospect. The one-stop type grocery stores I've been to since have been nowhere near as nice.  Fair selection of no-hormones-added meats, including cold cuts, chicken, turkey and beef. Nice (for Pittsburgh), fresh produce on Thursdays. Good selection of frozen stuff. The pharmacy staff is accommodating (if they can help, they do) when they aren't swamped.  Actually, I really like all the staff, except (I think) the frozen foods manager, who I've seen act like a real jerk.You can also send a fax (if they aren't super-busy with lottery sales) and make copies - handy in Greenfield.  Same goes for the Waterfront location, where they have even more specialty and organic items.
4	I agree with the below poster.  I like Giant Eagle because they have everything someone needs.  They accept double coupons, have fuel perks, and are just the local grocery chain.  Sometimes a store is hit or miss depending upon the location, but I am satisfied with Giant Eagle and will do my grocery shopping there.
3	I give this Giant Eagle three solid stars for a rating.  Hey, it's a chain grocery store--who gets excited about those.  This store has a pretty good selection of produce that is usually fresh.  I'll shop here if I am in the area and need something on the way home.But this was the Giant Eagle of my 20s, my single days.  It's where I first did grocery shopping on my own, for me and no one else.  It's where I learned the value of comparative shopping (because I was paying rent by that time) and where I learned to worship the double coupon.
3	This store actually isn't bad.  Being a city store, it does have what you need and nothing that you really dont.  There are much worse examples of Giant Eagle (North Side) to name 1 specifically where you really have to watch what you buy.  When I visited Pittsburgh, this was 1 of my primary locations that I would go to and really, it gets an a-ok rating from me.
4	The grocery store you grew up with.This Giant Eagle is dated for sure.  That's not a bad thing.  I don't need a lot from a grocery store.  The store is clean and neat without any of the fru fru stuff becoming more and more common in larger grocery stores.  This is an EXCELLENT alternative to the other Murry Ave store that is so tight and crowded that you're lucky to get out alive.This grocery store is just the right size.  If you forget something it's not like  crossing the mojave  to walk across the store to get it.
2	This Giant Eagle gets TWO stars because their customer service stinks. Went to get some food, they have the club card/perks card like at Safeway except that you can't get it! After waiting for 15 minutes and filling out the forms, I was told they were out of cards. And you can't get the card at a check out, you have to go to front desk. Blah!
2	Yeah the store is clean, yeah the selection is decent.  But, the customer service sucks and the customer service in the pharmacy is even worse.  I used to have to use GE pharmacy for my health plan.  Prilosec OTC was covered at the generic prescription price.  I used to have to argue every time that it was covered because the pharmacy tech would say every time that she never heard of that.  Oh, and even though the RX was written for 30, they would only dispense 28 to avoid opening a box.
3	If I have to shop at any giant eagle in my area, it would be this one. The sq. Hill location has more offerings but the employees all hate their lives and are either flirting with each other, on their phones, conversing with another employee, or just effin rude. The employees at the greenfield location are so much more personable and helpful.
5	I have to respond to Diane S. who posted a review on 6/20/2011.  I live  right around the corner from this store and shop there all the time and have for the last 4 years.  I know many of the checkers personally.  Many say hello to me when I come in the store.  First I should say that there is no one named Alicia working there.  I have this on very good authority.  Second I should say that there is no sidewalk construction outside the store for anyone to look at.  It is a shame that someone would blatantly lie on here.  One should also take care not to confuse this Greenfield location with the other Murray Ave at Bartlett Street location in Squirrel Hill.The store is always very busy and clean.  It may not be the biggest store or offer all the products that other GE stores do but they always have good produce and offer allot more than the basics.I do know that is is Giant Eagle policy to require ID when purchasing large amounts in gift cards.  I have experienced the same situation.   One should not be offended by this practice.I am happy to have this store in my own neighborhood where I can walk there any time and get what I need.  I appreciate the friendly service I get from my neighborhood grocery store!!!
2	This is the worst Giant Eagle I've ever been to. It's bad enough that I'd drive to Sq Hill unless I only needed only one thing. Giant Eagles are usually decent, but not this one. If only the cashiers weren't always miserable and talking about how long until they could go home. If only the self check out lane wasn't closed in the late evening where there's only one cashier available and the line is backed up down the aisle. If only the self check out machine would stop breaking down. (This has happened every time I've been to this location but never at the other ones!) There are a lot of "if only"s and as it stands now, I'd recommend going to the SQ hill or even the waterfront locations for your main grocery shopping runs.
4	This Giant Eagle is a small version of the chain.  Not as much selection as other Giant Eagles as you may expect.  They also tend to be pretty busy.My experiences with their customer service has been OK.  My questions have been answered accurately and in a professional manner.  Not a bad, smaller neighborhood store.They always seem to have plenty of parking.
3	I was in the neighborhood and I had to pick up a few items, so I thought I'd stop here instead of the one in my nieghborhood.  I used to come here back in my 20s (when I was single) and I don't think it's changed a bit.  It's a smaller neighborhood Giant Eagle, but it's got most of your basics here including bakery, dairy, deli, floral, and pharmacy.  Its selections are just as good as the one in Squirrel Hill and it isn't as crazy crowded as the one in East Liberty/Shadyside.
1	I have lived in five different states and never had to rely on such a terrible grocery store chain.  Giant Eagle is intensely expensive compared to other markets and the customer service is always abysmal.  After being glared for being so inconsiderate as to want to pay for my purchases every time I use a human-staffed checkout lane, I gave up and will now use the self checkout even if the line is four deep and there are immediately available checkers.  The fact that the chain has a de facto monopoly is the only thing that permits such unpleasant experiences to be the standard here. On top of the standard unpleasantness of the Giant Eagle experience, this location is also consistently dirty as well but at least I don't need to dance around beggars guarding the front door like I do at the Squirrel Hill location.
3	It's the same Squirrel Hill deal but in Greenfield.  Cramped for space, dirty at times....I should know better than to expect there to be a Market District in every neighborhood.  That being said, I only ever really run in here if I have to pick a quick something up and that's it.  Definitely won't be doing my day to day grocery shopping here.
1	There is a consistent bad smell in the meats/cheese area. The rancid smell is obvious and they lack proper ventilation. Can management do everything about it?
2	This location is significantly below par and in need of major upgrades. The building, carts, inside just don't give the patron a good impression about the quality of the products sold there.
