1	I just wanted to voice my disappointment with Fill a Seat Phoenix. I recently came across a livingsocial deal that offers their 1 year membership at a discounted rate and tried doing some research on what shows they offer and the type of events that are regularly available. However, you must pay the fee before you can even look at the event list. So, I took a gamble and boy was I wrong. There events are shows that me nor my family would ever be interested in. They say you get access to 'Amazing Local Event' but all you get is run down comedy shows that have drink minimums. Don't waste your money on this service.
5	I couldn't agree less with the first review.  I have been a member of a Fill-A-Seat as well as a member of HouseSeats.  In the 9 months I have been a member of Fill-A-Seat, I have received twelve tickets to some amazing performances in theater, symphony, and vocal groups.  There have been a lot of other offerings that were of interest to me, but I have an extremely full schedule.  The customer service is wonderful, unlike my other subscription.  It is very important to check in often and remember that summer is the slow season in Phoenix.  At times there have been up to 10 different events offered.  Yes, there are comedy clubs offered, but lots of other stuff too!  My other subscription usually says nothing available.  So, be flexible, be adventurous, try something new and enjoy Fill-A-Seat.
1	I have been a member since January, purchasing a discounted membership thru Groupon. I have been to only 4 shows. I can honestly say that I would not have EVER bought tickets to ANY of the shows I have attended for "free." [Since I paid for the membership, I don't consider the shows "free," especially the comedy shows, which require a minimum purchase.]There is never more than maybe 6-8 shows ever offered at one time, with 4-5 always being bottom-of-the-barrell comedy clubs with talent you've likely never heard of, Rage in the Cage events, or mediocre events at Celebrity Theatre. Occasionally, there are some less popular Phoenix Symphony events, but you have to be lucky to get those tickets before they "sell out," not that you would really want those either.It's quite obvious why they are so secretive about the events they offer, not allowing you to know what they have without buying the membership. I was hopeful when I bought this that it was just a new company that needed to gain it's footing to garner new clients & better events, but that has not been the case in the past 9 months. Maybe I need to wait longer. Well, my subscription expires in 3 months, so I'll give it until then. However, at this time, I truly have no intention of renewing with Fill-A-Seat.
5	My fillaseat has been great. I have been to several awesome shows with awesome seats in all but one venue.  Michael Bolton, Chris Isaak, american idol tour, AZ jazz festival with Robyn thick,  plays at the Phoenix theatre such as Ruthless and 39 Steps.  2 Phoenix Symphony shows including the Circus Musica and the American Idols. Fun fun fun, every time.   You have to get in the site several times a,day.   Keep checking...
1	I  bought a discounted membership to Fill-a-Seat through Groupon. I'm thankful I at least didn't pay full price for a membership I have yet to use ONCE. They don't let you see what events are going to be available before you purchase, so you really have no clue until you buy the membership as to what kind of shows you'll have access to. There's usually 5-8 choices, but they are all shows that I would never go see, even for free. Comedy shows at Iguana Mack's? I could get in there anytime without paying for some "exclusive" membership. Other shows include Rage in the Cage or Phoenix symphony (but good luck trying to be the one to score those!). That's really been the only choices. Don't waste your money.
2	We were members of fill-a-seat for the past two years, but this year I did not renew our membership to the Phoenix area.  Reason?  We love the Phoenix Symphony venues and attended every one we could, but it became apparent that we were being 'moved up' as the season continued--and by 'up' I mean from beginning seats on the floor and first balcony, then higher to the second balcony and finally all the way up to the 'nosebleed' seats, even at performances that were not especially well attended and where many vacant rows with better seats were available.  The last 6 months have been the worst...the fill-a-seat attendees have definitely been singled out for 'grouping' in the worst seats and are 'guarded' by symphony volunteers.  Unfortunately as well, many fill-a-seat attendees are loud and uncouth at the symphony, using cell phones throughout the performance and generally behaving as if they've never been in a symphony hall....which probably is the reason we were relegated to the upper section to begin with! At any rate, we won't be renewing...I'd rather buy 'real' tickets 'and sit where I can hear the music and see the stage. And one more thing--the Symphony is usually the only venue worth attending when you don't care for rage-in-the-cage or bar comedy shows...
3	One thing negitive that I do want to add is that at the beatles tribute on 12/27/2013 at the AZ Event Center. My fillaseat confirmation said the event started at 5pm and it actually didnt start till  7pm. I was fine with the 2 drink limit, I didnt need two hours before the show to drink them...annoying.
1	This website is a rip-off and a scam.  Do not waste your money on this and save it for a show you would like to go to. Everything good mysteriously sells out and other then that you have comedy shows that are nameless acts.  I regret paying for this and suggest you take my advice and spend your money elsewhere.
1	Not much more to add then the other reviews. Substandard choices. Had membership for an entire year, and the lion's share of tickets are for "Comedy Clubs" where there is already a two drink minimum and no admission; hence- no real value here at all. I had read the reviews for the Las Vegas Fill-A-Seat, because there were none for Phoenix at the time. Las Vegas seems like a better alternative with ample shows. However, the Phoenix membership was a complete and total waste of money. I already attend quite a bit of local theater. And even with all the venues we have in Phoenix, there were never offerings for local theatre, which is what I had hoped for when purchasing the membership.
5	I have been a member for 2 years now and I love the program. I have been able to get tickets to sporting events (last year, even a college bowl game!), Concerts, Theater shows, Comedy shows, etc. and all for one low price. The normal price is $80.00 for two for an entire years worth of shows. We have found a Groupon to lower that price to half off! Even if you only go to a few shows all year, you will save money. Not sure what other people are complaining about. What they ever paid for a show before? Going to the movies can cost you $40.00 for two with soda and popcorn!
5	I have been a member for a year and a half and have loved it. I got to experience a lot of plays and shows that I never would have even known about. I actually added it all up the other days and I have used 52 tickets at a face value of over 1000.00 since I signed up. I give it two thumbs up. You just have to make sure that you check it every day so you do not miss out. They do go quick!
5	I love fill-a-seat!!!!!! I'm on my second year and plan to keep going. I got 2 of my daughters their own membership because they always wanted to go with me! Now they take their friends with or without me. The events usually have a nice range of opportunities so I am able to enjoy some new entertainment that I may not have thought about. The "minimum purchase" is usually not even a big deal, if you drink alcohol, you would buy it any way; if not get water and a snack! Even my 6 year old watches to see what he can go to! He has seen shows (plays, dances, sports etc) that most adults don't get the chance to. Thank you for bringing this to Phoenix.
5	I have been a member of FillaSeatPhoenix for approximately 18 months.  In this time I have attended MANY events, ranging from classical concerts, amatuer cage fighting, stand up comedy, and even professional hockey :)This membership is what you make of it.  Be prepared to try a new event or two and this membership will be worth your while.
1	I am very disappointed in this "gimmick". As other readers said, there is nothing but comedy clubs and rage fighting events. The proportion of cultural events to comedy is miniscule. They do not provide the services as advertising. I am filing a complaint with Better Business Bureau. They are difficult to work with.  This was a waste of money.   I would challenge anyone to let us know how many musical or cultural events they went to over the course of a month or even a year.  It can be weeks at a time before anything like this is offered--if ever.
1	The few who praise this say, "Be flexible, be adventurous!"  Well, I'm not flexible enough to go see people hit and kick each other, and comedy clubs are basically nothing but bars.  ONE symphony performance, which was excellent, is all I've managed.  I'd be interested to know how many tickets were available for some of the decent shows that have all been sold out, because I log in often and miss them all.  I will NOT be renewing.
4	If you like a wide variety of events then a membership is likely worth the money.  Recent listings:  a. Multiple comedy clubsb. Arizona Wind Symphonyc. Phoenix Symphony Halld. Rocky Horror Picture Showe. Celebrity Theatre Concertsf. Events at The Hard Rock Cafeg. Mesa Arts Centerh. Rage in the Cagei. Phoenix Mercury Basketball....and much more
