5	I met Liz after moving into my condo, and at that point I hadn't seen a stylist in almost two years! I had a horrible experience the last time I had gotten my hair cut and had just avoided going anywhere after. Her friendly personality put me at ease and I decided to book an appointment. To start, her salon is so private and has a downtown view! You don't have to check in with a receptionist and there's no hustle and bustle. Sola salons is really a very neat concept so if you have some time beforehand walk around a bit and see the other services being offered, this could become your one stop beauty shop! Liz is very thorough with her cuts and with her coloring. I used to get highlights, which were very nice and I always got compliments. But recently I let her try out an ombre on me and it's definitely become my go-to style. She paired the colors perfectly to fade into a light blonde at the tips. I also have thick wavy hair which she tackles wonderfully. She knows just how to thin it out so I can go straight or curly. And I naturally took her advice and got a keratin last year which has seriously done wonders to control my mane. Seriously. A keratin treatment is the best thing you can do for frizzy hair. All in all I was so glad that I took a chance and started seeing Liz. Every appt is fun and relaxing and I always leave with really bangin' hair.
5	Liz did a great job on my hair- cut and color.  She has a huge heart and is full of talent.  What a great personality, and what wonderful stylist skills. I will now be a regular customer and recommend her to others in Charlotte needing a new hair stylist.
1	I bought a living socials deal online for a keratin smoothing treatment and was not pleased on several things. First- the "salon" is very small and not well- ventilated, which resulted in me getting a sore throat and headache. Second- Liz is way too talkative and my ears were bleeding by the time I left. This place can't be more than a 10x10 room and before I left had 5 women in it, including myself. She is not gentle when handling anything- combs, flat irons, etc. and seems pretty scattered brain. Third- She started drinking wine as she is flat ironing my hair. I am fine with guests drinking a glass of wine, but NOT a stylist who is using harsh chemicals and hot tools on my hair!! Last- I now have a very sensitive scalp and a large rash on my neck from the product she used. I have had 2 treatments prior to this and never had this reaction. If you are on a budget and really need a fix then this is the place to go. Otherwise, DON'T try to save a few bucks for this. It's not worth it in my opinion.
1	I wish I could give 0 stars. Hands down the worst salon experience I hope I EVER have. My hair was completely ruined by Liz. First, she didn't even look at my hair or consult me before going in. She put straight bleach on my hair. While it was processing, chunks were falling into my lap. I have always had healthy hair, so this was alarming. When the color processed it was blue, clear and white. On to the cut- she left it clearly uneven (inches different on each side) and the terrible color didn't even reach my root. I was in tears. She didn't check my hair before she sent me out and when I sent her pictures of what she did asking for a refund, there was no response. Please save your hair, time and money. I'm still dealing with her mistakes 3 months later.
5	Love this salon!!!!! After relocating 3 years ago, it was difficult to find a new stylist.  It took me 2 years but now that I have found Liz Ayers I am one happy customer.  She has a beautiful salon and is extremely professional.  You can defiantly tell she has a wealth of knowledge and experience in her field. Schedule an appointment,  you will be glad you did :)
