4	One of the few off licences in Edinburgh to survive the Credit Crunch purge last year it's not hard to see why. They have a wide choice of wines, beers, ales and spirits and unlike Oddbins or Thresher's they have a more unusual selection. Not a huge wine drinker myself, I have seen that they have plenty of green bottles and dark bottles, which I have been reliably informed corresponds to white and red wine, but I prefer the colourful bottles to be honest. On to the beers though and that's a subject where my knowledge is extensive, hinted at by my slowly increasing midriff. They have all the good ales you would expect, like Lancashire Bomber and Waggle Dance honey beer as well as more specific beers. Sometimes the staff can look a bit perplexed but they generally have an idea of what they're talking about, and to be honest, whichever beer or wine you buy, it all ends up in the same place anyway.They have a wine bar on Rose Street as well if you want to try a glass or two to get an idea of which wine to invest in
5	It's a small neighbourhood winery, as opposed to an actual off-license. You really wouldn't expect it to be where it is, because it's opposite Home Base, on a busy road, kind of out of the way of the center of town. But the selection of wines, from all around the world, is great for how tiny it is and makes it worth the extra trek to get there. The staff are really friendly and know their stuff. It's and award-winning establishment, though I can't really remember exactly what award its been given. But, as far as I'm concerned, it definitely deserves its award. As of yet, I have not once been disappointed, and the staff have given me some really ace tips.
4	Love this wine shop. Got wines that you can't find elsewhere
4	Tucked away in Newington, Great Grog is a great wine and beer shop.  They have a fabulous selection of beers from all over the world as well as a wide selection of wines. The staff are friendly and they do a small student discount.  Great local business!
4	Good wee off license...Amazing beer selection...Is well worth the walk!
