4	Delicious, authentic Malaysian cuisine with friendly and attentive staff at the ready. If you enjoy  laksa, fried koew teow (my personal fav), satay, roti canai, crispy pork with fermented bean curd noodle, rendang, sambal prawn or nasi lemak to name just a few dishes, then this is your place! Oh yeah, did I also mention that it's cheap!?!?
4	Cheap and cheerful. This place has good food and is good value for money.Full review with photos please visit my blog which can be found on my profile.
4	Thanks to Jason M. for explaining that this is the same place (just another location) of the other Edinburgh spot with the same name. I was a bit confused.Roti Chennai were nice, they have bubble tea, weren't too busy. That about sums it up.Try the Char Kway Teow or Hokkien Mee, both were solid. Appropriate HK-pop style music in the background completes the quirky atmosphere. They also have a helpful 'popular malaysian dishes' part of their menu (with pictures) in case you aren't too familiar with the food and don't know what to try. Go on, try something different.
5	"Delight" is right! I was pleasantly surprised by the good food, good prices, and some very welcome but unexpected menu items (anything taro is a plus for me). This place gets five stars just for being a good Malaysian place in Scotland!
5	Excellent tasty food, excellent value for money.There was loads to eat in our plates and we were served really quickly. Perfect little restaurant for a date!
4	My friend and I went here for lunch the other day. I was keen to try this place out as I love Malaysian food. Kampung Ali didn't disappoint.. I chose Nasi Lemak and it was lovely. Just the right amount of spiciness and bite sized chunks of chicken thigh. Yummy comfort food. My friend went for a bowl of prawn noodles and it was well on flavour.We also shared a dish of prawn sambal malaysian style. Vegetables in this dish were aubergine, green beans and okra. I have been suspicious of okra.. mainly as it has a bit of a 'slimey reputation'. Perhaps it depends on the way it's cooked, go figure. Anyway when my friend who is actually Chinese Malaysian, casually remarked that okra is good for collagen I grabbed a piece and it was just fine. I later googled more about this superfood and indeed okra contains a lot of C-vitamin which is good for collagen production.Besides of okra, I also tried another new thing: teh tarik, which is known as 'pulled tea'. So basically it's black tea and condensed milk. Personally I found it too sweet but I was glad to have had sampled this.I will definitely go back to Kampung Ali. The food is delicious, spicy and very good value.
5	yum, yum, yum. Essentially for me, there's only one word that describes this place: yummy.I've been here many times but I need to go more! Kampung Ali serves delicious and according to my Malaysian work colleague, very authentic Malaysian food. Some tips:Number 1: When you come opt for the roti canai. It's like a crispy pancake that melts in your mouth and it comes with a slightly spicy peanut curry sauce. It's the beez kneez. (If you don't get this, you are definitely missing out)Number 2: Order a style of chicken wings, you can't go to wrong with the chicken wings here.Number 3: Rendang chicken. This is so flavourful. I love it. Number 4: Lemon chicken. You know how sometimes you can order lemon chicken and it's over cooked and dry? Yeah, that doesn't happen here. The lemon chicken was so moist and it was a fairly large portion! Number 5: Get some duck and coconut rice!I think that Kampung Ali is a great when you come with a group of people - so you can sample many things off the menu. Wine is also very reasonably priced. A good bottle of South African wine is 13 pounds. The service is impeccable. I've had the same server the last few times I've been and he has been very attentive and funny!Kampung Ali is good times & high fives.
4	It's Malaysia food and they do it well! I'm sure that anyone with a fondness of spicy food or knows what sambal is will enjoy this place. It is an unassuming set up. A big hall with some square and some round tables. Many Indonesian and Malaysian references on the wall (not on the ceiling though, that is done with mock Raphaelite like paintings).I will not (as I can't) explain the dishes, but do go for the roti as a starter! Main courses are individually indicated with a chili score between none to 4. I took a sambal chicken and it was good, no additional spices required. Service is fast, courteous and unobtrusive. I will definitely be visiting again very soon.
5	Really good food... we've not long ago just spent a couple of months in SE Asia - the food here is genuine. Friendly staff.
3	Tasty, well-priced Malaysian cuisine unfussily presented and served in next to no time.
3	It was surprising to find a Malaysian restaurant in Edinburgh, especially one that has seemed to have gained a fairly good following.The restaurant is sort of an odd mix decor wise.  There are various maps, pictures and figurines of Malaysia, however there is also paintings on the ceiling, fairly reminiscent to the Sistine Chapel.Service is friendly, although somewhat slow.  They are not proactive with their customers.  Rather than greeting you when you first sit down and asking if you would like a drink, it almost seems like the staff waits until you are ready to order before approaching you.The Roti Cani consist of round pieces of flat bread, vaguely resembling a flour tortilla for those not familiar, with a curry dipping sauce.  The dipping sauce has a strong curry flavor, with lots of warming spices and a nice spicy finish that tingles the back of your tongue.The Malaysian Curry Prawns, one of the signature dishes, consists of head on peeled shrimp in a spicy curry soup.  The prawns were slightly overcooked and mealy, but heads and shells added a depth of flavor to the broth.  There is a slight kick to the dish, but nothing that will set your mouth on fire.  Overall, a somewhat disappointing dish due to the overcooking of the prawns.The Singapore Noodles is a type of chow mein, with thin egg noodles.  The shrimp and chicken were cooked slightly overcooked and mealy, but heads and shells added a depth of flavor to the broth.  For some reason, the dish seemed "overly dry"Although the Roti Cani was flavorful, the rest of the dishes seemed to be lacking in seasoning.  One thing I noticed in the UK, is that restaurants seem to be afraid of using salt to enhance the flavor of their food.  I am not sure if this is a cultural thing, or whether they are trying to be on the safe side in order not to offend the many different visitors they get throughout the world.
