5	i stopped by here on a lunch break because the sign said appraisals by appointment. the owner (?) indra was there and willing to do the appraisal on my engagement ring while i waited (without an appointment ... yay!). he cleaned my ring at no charge, inspected it and provided the retail value at no charge. indra told me a written appraisal for insurance purposes is only $45 ... a bargain compared to what others in the valley are charging. the stock of jewelry was lovely ... a nice mix of new and used pieces. some very unique, one of a kind finds as well. i found a few things i would prefer not to live without! they do all their own importing, and buy, sell and trade jewelry. i felt he was very honest about my ring, the cash value he stated was in line with numbers i heard from other jewelers and he was charming and helpful, answering questions and educating me while i ogled over diamonds and pearls. i will return to have my watch batteries replaced, a pair of earrings changed from yellow to white gold, and pretty much anything else i can think of. i trusted him immediately, which, when dealing with diamonds, is of paramount importance to me.
4	Wow i totally agree with Rebecca....now I seen it has been awhile since she posted her review of this establishment....but trust me everything she said is still true. Indra and his lovely wife seemed very educated in the area of fine jewelry. I stopped in one day while running some errands because this locale is within walking distance of my apt. Immediately when you walk in they make you feel welcome....and they can pretty much answer any question that you have.I inquired about getting my wife's ring soldered and expanding my ring about a half inch. Indra told me the jeweler can do it right on site.....which is very important to me.....and I could get both services done for about 70 bucks or so.....I was floored. I know it can cost as much as 50 or 60 bucks alone for resizing....so I am going to make an appointment with the jeweler and I will update this review with the results when he is done. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	Very helpful, professional, and super friendly. Best price in town for an insurance appraisal. I would most certainly recommend them. Thank you!
5	This Jewelry store is Great!  They are always so helpful, and take time to find out exactly what you want, great place to have something different designed! Will clean jewelry, and also buy Gold, and diamonds !
5	I was very impressed with this family business! More than fair with me about their appraisal of my jewelry. I sold some to them and was given a fair price for it. I will use their services again and I highly recommend them to my friends and family, as well as, anyone who needs help with their jewelry purchase or sale. I worked with their son and he is a nice young man who was most helpful. They insisted on cleaning a necklace I was wearing at no charge! I look forward to my next visit and when I purchase my next fine jewelry, I will go their first. Ann D. Phoenix, AZ
5	This family business was very nice when we came in without an appointment for an appraisal. They cleaned my ring and did an appraisal while I watched. It took about 40 minutes and the owner even told me to come back and he would clean it at no cost even though I didn't buy it there. I would highly recommend this place for great customer service and friendly staff!
5	My wife recently came across a little bit of gold that was hiding in our drawer.  I searched Yelp for a gold buyers and stumbled across this family jeweler.  They tested the gold, weighed the gold and came up with a more than reasonable figure.  It's literally a Mom and Pop place with the Daughter and Son (I believe), were helping me out.  Quick and painless.  Just like I like it.
5	I found AMI Diamonds looking for a place to get a ring custom made for my wife-to-be. I found them via Yelp and saw the great ratings people posted for them online, so I took a chance. I worked with the folks there to come up with a design which ultimately was fabricated. I was extremely pleased with the ring that was created which was of a complicated design. Months later they cleaned and repaired the ring for free when we noticed one of the amethysts came loose and one was scratched. The ONLY drawback I have is that it takes time for them to get back with you if you email them.
4	There was a wait to meet with them when I brought in a lot of gold pieces I wanted to sell but it was worth the wait. They couldn't help how busy they were and they were attentive to all their customers. I was given a fair price in line with the research I had done in current prices of gold. I'm thankful for finding place I didn't feel swindled. I would go back when the need arose. They also cleaned the pieces I was wearing I waited and they did a great job. Highly recommended.
1	I took my Fiance's ring here to get re-sized smaller since the ring I bought was a couple sizes too large. I dropped off the ring on a Thursday and was told that it would be done by Saturday. I was pleased to hear the great news at this point because of the perfect timing for the proposal (planned proposal for Sunday). Saturday came around and I still have yet to get a call. I decided to go to the store and check on the status in person. Conveniently they were closed all weekend due to all staff being sick... I understand that people get sick, but the entire staff?? And no courtesy call to let me know that the ring will not be done on time?? I had no choice but to continue with the proposal empty handed and explain the careless error of the jewelers. If that was not enough, I finally got in contact with someone on Monday and was told that they will have it ready for pick up by Tuesday that week. At this point, that was anything but acceptable. I demanded that they either complete the job and return my ring or return my ring immediately and I will go elsewhere for assistance. I was eventually told that the ring was complete, but at an off site location and they will personally go get the ring and have it ready that evening. Finally... progress!! Not exactly.... I am then contacted back and told that I will have to meet them after hours and it would be delivered to me. I think this will be an acceptable resolution to this nightmare and provide some kind of customer satisfaction. I wait at the agreed upon location (Starbucks) and no one shows up. I call the number to the store and am told that he forgot that we were meeting and asked if I can go to the store to get the ring. I am infuriated at this point. I finally headed to the store and retrieved my ring, completed and re-sized correctly. I would imagine that at some point I would get a break on the charge because of the headache to get a ring re-sized... Nope, I am charged full price and not even a simple apology was given. Glad to say that I will not be a repeat customer.
5	My wife and I have been doing business with Indra for about 30 years. He owned a small shop in Phoenix next to a gym my wife (then girlfriend) used to frequent. We would stop by to browse and he was always very friendly and helpful. We have bought many things from him over the years. Beginning with a set of matching watches when we were dating. We followed him to Plaza Bonita where I bought a tennis bracelet for my wife for our 20th anniversary. Our most recent purchase was a couple months ago, now at his shop in UTC, where I purchased a new wedding set for my wife for our 2th anniversary. We have always been treated wonderfully by Indra and his staff, and we have loved everything we have purchased from him. I highly recommend AMI Diamond & Jewelry for all your jewelry needs.
4	Love waiting for something amazing!
1	So it seems as though that my original review was omitted from public view either by Yelp or AMI Diamond & Jewelry. So here I am today re-posting my review about my ruined proposal plan with a pathetic attempt to resolve the issue. Originally posted 4/8/2014 - "I took my Fiance's ring here to get re-sized smaller since the ring I bought was a couple sizes too large. I dropped off the ring on a Thursday and was told that it would be done by Saturday. I was pleased to hear the great news at this point because of the perfect timing for the proposal (planned proposal for Sunday). Saturday came around and I still have yet to get a call. I decided to go to the store and check on the status in person. Conveniently they were closed all weekend due to all staff being sick... I understand that people get sick, but the entire staff?? And no courtesy call to let me know that the ring will not be done on time?? I had no choice but to continue with the proposal empty handed and explain the careless error of the jewelers. If that was not enough, I finally got in contact with someone on Monday and was told that they will have it ready for pick up by Tuesday that week. At this point, that was anything but acceptable. I demanded that they either complete the job and return my ring or return my ring immediately and I will go elsewhere for assistance. I was eventually told that the ring was complete, but at an off site location and they will personally go get the ring and have it ready that evening. Finally... progress!! Not exactly.... I am then contacted back and told that I will have to meet them after hours and it would be delivered to me. I think this will be an acceptable resolution to this nightmare and provide some kind of customer satisfaction. I wait at the agreed upon location (Starbucks) and no one shows up. I call the number to the store and am told that he forgot that we were meeting and asked if I can go to the store to get the ring. I am infuriated at this point. I finally headed to the store and retrieved my ring, completed and re-sized correctly. I would imagine that at some point I would get a break on the charge because of the headache to get a ring re-sized... Nope, I am charged full price and not even a simple apology was given. Glad to say that I will not be a repeat customer."
