3	Not bad. Had a decent selection on the shelves. I didnt get produce so didnt really bother to look deeply, but the meat didn't look too appealing when I went so I picked up chicken elsewhere. I wanted to get some ingredients to make two kinds of enchiladas and needed to grab some salsa verde, chipotle peppers, mole, queso, crema and some corn tortilla. Happy with the selection of ingredients and the prices were very fair- much cheaper than getting these things in the small selection at a store like Smiths or Albertsons "Ethnic Aisle". Big disappointment was that normally when I go to Mex markets is that I hit up the deli. Growing up in LA and having a Hispanic stepdad, we frequent the big Mexican markets for goods. If I judge by the selection here near the house, it is good for just groceries.... If I compare to what I'm used to- it makes me sad though as the delis in Cali are a extensive part of the market. There its like a food court with the deli by the pound, combo plates and made to order burritos/tacos/sopas/etc, awesome salsabars and aquas fresco bar. Here the counter was small, and doesnt look very fresh so we passed. Sucks, I wanted some carnitas to make some tacos at home for a snack. I'll come if I'm in the area, but I'll keep looking around incase there is something out there close to what I know.
2	I've been in this place a time or three, and I was initially entranced by the amount of religious candles, pinatas, and quinceanera preparation stuff.  Literally, it feels like you cross the border and are in Mexico proper when you enter the store.  For a white guy like myself, it's fascinating, if not a little disconcerting.  Oh, how I prayed for an aisle of lucha libre masks. The time I broke down and had to pick up something from the store, which in shortening the description, was a "cluster".  I don't know what happened, but it had the full Mexican grocery store packed to capacity vibe I had experienced in Tijuana shops.  I've never had to fight so hard to move around.I had to buy some cough drops, and asked one of the floor staff.  He turned to me and smiled, letting me know that he had no idea what I was saying.  But he took me to the front, so I could talk to a cashier.He said something to her in Spanish, and she looked at me.  Apparently, English wasn't her first language, either.Bear in mind that when I talk to someone who doesn't primarily speak English, I'm not one of those jerks who speaks to someone slowly like a small child, or a mental case.  Nor do I need to needlessly raise my voice, because obviously, speaking loudly is a sure way to get someone to understand you when they wouldn't otherwise before.  I kept it simple, clear, and to the point."Hi.  I'm looking for cough drops?"Silence.  Her smile forms."Cough drops?""Cock drops", she responded a little too innocently.....Okay, what place serves "cock drops"?  Really.  And whatever does, I don't want to know.  We all stood looking at each other, confusedly, before I tried again."Cough drops.  Medicine.""Maybe in there," she points at this locked cabinet, which had 1,000 different medicine types that I've never heard of before.  And no cough drops.  You're right there within better visual range than I am.  Can't you tell?I had to pick up another thing or two.  I couldn't get help because no one seemed to understand English.  I understand it's a Mexican market, so I'm walking into non-gringo territory, but if I can learn a few basic phrases in Spanish, at least have employees who can understand some basic English for when that random white dude walks in.Bottom line, if you want to get some authentic Mexican foodstuffs, this is the place.  Prices are average to a little overpriced, but they are stocked with some unique food choices bound to make you a hit at the next barbecue.  But go on a quieter day or I guess bring a translator if you're non-Hispanic and can't find things on your own.
5	I love, love, LOVE Marketon! Sure, it's just a small Mexican market, but they make the best ceviche, ever! I also love all of their fresh made salsas and guacamole. Their prices for produce and meat are better than Food 4 Less and appear fresher to me, as well. I've also bought tequila there for half the price of what you can get it at Vons or Smith's....you just have to shop the specials. As an awesome bonus, you can usually find people selling homemade tamales out of a van in the parking lot.Mmmmm....tequila, tamales and ceviche! If that's wrong, I don't want to be right.
5	The meat department is one of the best I've found.  The marinated meats are not overly salty.  My family loves the pork carne al pastor and marinated flap steak.  The store is small but clean and the staff are always willing to help.  The select is limited due but what I've bought has all been good quality.
5	I only go here to buy carne asada.  It's not as salty as Cardenas meat.  Fast in and out.  Buy some green onions for the grill too...
3	I come here to buy avocados and persimmons real cheap for my healthy fix! They also have a pretty good meat section here.There are a lot of good brands here, though I am surprised that there were more American labels than I thought there would be :/ I don't like lines (or people lol jk), so I usually go at night, when it's super empty lol The neighborhood around is a little scary, but I go anywhere for cheap fruits and veggies!
1	Been shopping here for awhile and this past month went from bad to worst.They charge us for flowers we didnt buy by the time we relize we didnt want to go through the trouble then we tried again and bought groceries and she didnt give us our last bag,after we paid we looked we were charged by nothing and she didnt say we forgot anything.Thirty years here never had that kind of problem.They are also rude,they make painful faces and Im mexican in addition to lack of service there website or phone number dont work this company isnt legit I think.
