5	Everything from the IKEA strip lighting to the large mirrors located outside the rooms screams efficiency. And that's why I love Celebrity Tanning. $50 for a month of unlimited tanning at the lowest level bed is a little steep in the West Valley where almost every strip mall has a tanning salon. $29.99 or $19.99 is more common for this sort of deal, but Celebrity is worth it. Not only do they change their bulbs once a week, but their level one beds are the strongest I've ever used. It took me a month to work up to 10 minutes because the UV rays were just too much. Celebrity really focuses on the little things. They leave goggles in each room just in case you forget yours (They also have disinfectant to drop them in at the end.), and they have candy and gum available when you walk out the door. I also like that they don't have mirrors in the rooms because other tanners can waste a lot of time int he rooms getting ready after tanning. The staff was very helpful. I always saw the same girl working whenever I went tanning, and she remember everything from my name to my tanning time. Her tips and tricks to achieve a better tan were awesome as well!
4	So I've never been a big UV ray type tan girl. I'm more of a spray tan type of girl. After trying out their spray tan that they recommended, I definitely rocked the oompa loompa glow for a couple of days. Don't worry, it wears off! Anyways, I finally took the recommendation of the front desk girl, and now I'm tan! I definitely recommend the product lines they have and the twilight teeth is amazing! The front desk girls are always extremely friendly which is a first for me to experience at all the tanning salons I've visited. Not only will they give you recommendations on what products you should use, they teach you on how to do everything. I definitely recommend this place, yes its pricey, but its totally worth it. Plus its next to my favorite sushi place so I love it!
5	I have been going to celebrity tanning for about a year now and although the girls there have always been nice, I had a great experience with one of the girls there named Sierra. I waited while she was thoroughly explained why another customer needed lotion and just listening to her it became clear that she really knew what she was talking about which ensured the customer in front of me and myself that our health and best interest was what she was going for. The beds are amazing and give me a different kind of glow and I would recommend them to anyone! And if Sierra is working you'll be taken care of! Keep it up celebrity!!
2	I would not recommend Celebrity Tanning.For what you pay you don't get very much. For 40 dollars you only get unlimited on the level 2 beds, for 50 level 3, and if you want unlimited on all levels, it costs 70 dollars a month. There are much cheaper places in the valley, with better beds and services, that let you tan on all levels for less price. IE I paid 50 a month at planet beach for all beds, mystic, and all spa machines. Their beds also are not very strong - I had the level 2 membership, and I did not see much color from it. Maybe if you're very fair skinned to begin with they will get you tan, but if you have a base or color already, you need to use the high level beds. Also many times the beds would have a lot of bulbs out, for days at a time before getting fixed. And only some of the beds have radio.That said, I'm willing to pay more if I get good service. I was not impressed with the staff. It was your typical tan salon staff of young girls, but they were not very friendly or helpful. No hi as I walked in, bye as I left, nobody asked me how it was when I was done. They seemed bored and annoyed most of the time, and a majority of the time they were on the phone with friends or talking to friends in a salon and would just enter me in tell me the room number without breaking from whatever gossip they had going on. And this was at 3 different locations, not just one. A few times I had a friendly person, but more often than not, it was the other way.Now for the billing... it IS overpriced for what you get, and those are only the prices with a 3 month commitment. When they say 3 month commitment, they mean 3 DRAWS - meaning you pay in person for the first month, then you have to have 3 more months come out of your account - so that's a four month commitment. I cancelled my account before moving, and still have to have the last draw come out for an entire month I wasn't there because nobody explained it to me. Well my fault, I should have read the fine print. But then I got charged the next month as well, when I had cancelled it far more than 30 days in advance. So that's 2 months I clearly wasn't there that I got charged. I called to get the last month refunded to me, and I have now spoken to people 3 times, they will not give the number for a manager or their corporate billing person, they just say they will email them and have them contact you back. Nobody will contact you back, and the girls on the phone will just try to tell you "I'm sorry, it's confusing."Even if their billing wasn't sketchy, I wouldn't recommend it. Unfriendly staff, mediocre beds, overpriced. You can find better in the Valley, trust me.
5	After moving to the valley, I spent great time looking for a salon I could call "home".  I've found that in Celebrity tan!  The girls are always friendly, the beds clean, and the bulbs are great! They have by far the best equipment in the valley!  Don't waste your time looking for a great tanning salon, stop at Celebrity!
5	This place is amazing. I have been tanning here for years. Every salon I tried before this place was so so. I this is the only salon that regularly changes their bulbs and gets you the best color so you aren't wasting your time and money.
5	I have tried out other places such as pure tan before, but did not like it. A friend of mine, Tessa, works at celebrity and convinced me to give it a try. I got a membership for being a student for $16 a month, for unlimited tanning. They guided me to which lotions would be best for my skin, and told me all options for after tan care. Daryn the manager is such a sweet girl. She also helps guide me into which lotions and all that and also suggests upgrades and all that. I tell all my friends to go here and it's really worth it! The girls are nice, and it's very clean. Great deals too!
3	Not my favorite Celebrity Tanning location but still not bad, they do seem busier and smaller than some other locations.
4	I have been going here for a bout 4 months now and they are great ladies at this location. Clean beds very helpful if you have questions.
4	Alright, it's extremely expensive but other than that, it's perfect. So if you have the money, this is where you need to be. They have a multitude of beds to cater for your specific needs. They have a "Redlight" bed to take away dark spots, basically to enhance collagen - it's for anti-aging. I got a membership for it for 3 weeks and I did see a difference. As for the tanning beds, they're high quality and effective. If you're unsure which bed you should be in depending on which day you come in (might want to alternate for a better color) there is always friendly service so they'll be happy to say what they recommend. I myself recommend that you go by their recommendations, they know exactly what they're talking about when it comes to how long you should be in there for and which bed you should use. If you let them, they will get you the exact color you're looking for. But be careful not to spend too much money, it's very easy to do that here, just purchase what you need and nothing more.
5	It does NOT get better than Celebrity Tanning! I have been tanning here for years and I have never had a bad experience. They have the best staff of girls you will ever meet. Daryn, Tessa and Sarah are so kind and give the best customer service. They are also very knowledgeable about tanning, the beds, lotion you name it! Their beds are also high quality and the store is always clean. I had to cancel my membership because I moved pretty far but ended up coming back and making the commute because no other salon compared when I shopped around.
3	Giving this place 3 stars because i feel like they try to scam you. The place in general is clean and efficient.  The beds are clean and the girls are nice. I went to cancel my monthly membership and they forced me to pay for two extra months when I was on a month-to-month basis . For example, the months start on the 18th. I cancelled on the 10th of march and they told me I had to pay from the 18th of march to 18th of april, and then also to the 18th of april to the 18th of may.  They charge a flat rate of 50$ a month to use the mystic tan but that doesnt include any color. I am very pale and thr first time she suggested I get the light color. The light didnt make a difference at all. I didnt look any tanner. So I went up a level to medium and added the bronzer. This costs at least 10$ for the color each time. You get 4 sprays a month, and it will actually end up costing you $90+ a month for 4 spray tans. I also mentioned a coupon I got online, and in the mail, for $25 for a month of mystic tanning. The girl explained that I couldnt use this coupon since I already pay the $50. So you must cancel and then re-sign up to use this. She also tried to tell me that it wasnt a better deal to pay 25$ a month. I asked how that would be possible and she continued to talk in nonsensical circles about it not being cheaper. Because that makes sense. Lol.. not!
5	Love the staff!  Everyone is friendly and knowledgeable. Beds are always clean and the atmosphere is great!
5	Okay, this is my second year coming in. I have previously tanned here for two months (last year) and have signed up for another two months this year so I can keep my summer outdoor tan through the winter months. 1. The staff is extremely knowledgeable and friendly. If there's a certain tan you're trying to get or want a certain product, they know exactly which beds and which products are best suited for you, hands down. And no, they are not trying to scam you, they give you their honest opinion.2. As mentioned previously, they're not trying to scam you. The "prorated" amount you're paying when you walk in is just the price it would cost daily. For instance, if the package you're buying is $50 a month, then it's $50 divided by 30 days = about $1.67 a day. So if you walk in the second week of a month, then you're only paying for two weeks plus the month you bought. If you walk in 3 weeks into a month, then you're only paying for a week plus the month you bought. I hope that makes sense. So for example, if I walk in after only a week into a month (like I did) I paid for 3 weeks + a month, so I'll have tanning for 3 weeks and a month which will cost me 3 weeks x 7 days = 21 days x $1.67 (a day) = $35.07 + a month ($50) = $85.07 which will be my total for tanning for 3 weeks and a month.3. There are a couple of memberships you can choose from. I believe there's 4. The "Silver membership" is very cheap and will make you orange like an oompla loompa. The "Gold membership" provides great color production if you tan easily, but if you don't tan easily get the one above the gold (it has browning beds). As for memberships beyond that, they're pretty pricey. 4. Products. You need a silicone based product for indoor tanning, otherwise you'll dry up and age faster because of the UV rays. This is a fact. So yes, they're expensive (mine was $85) but well worth it. My bottle is half way after two months and I went in everyday. So it probably lasts 4 months per bottle just to give you an idea. 5. Redlight. The Redlight bed takes away any scars either from old acne scars or any other related marks you may have. It really works. After two months I saw results and I just bought it again for two more months. This is usually $30 a month, but if you buy any of the tanning packages mentioned previously, it's $15 a month which is amazing actually, that's about 50 cents a day for 15 minutes each day. So anytime I tan here, I buy access to their Redlight bed too. 6. To be honest, what actually keeps me coming back is the staff. I mean I get a great tan here, but I probably would at another tanning place. The staff here really makes me a loyal customer, they're absolutely wonderful! Always helpful, always knowledgeable, and always honest. :)
4	Love this salon. The girls are always very friendly, helpful, and quick at checking you in. The beds are always clean but there is usually quite a bit of hair and dust in the bulbs and by the headrest. Other than that it's great and keeps me coming back !
