4	One of my favorite sandwich places.  I recommend:  The Bobbie (turkey with cranberry sauce and stuffing) and the Capastrami (hot pastrami with their special sauce).  The sandwiches are huge and very reasonably priced.
4	There are very few vegetarian friendly sandwich shops out there, but Capriotti's is one of them. They have a handful of sandwiches made with faux meats. The sandwiches they make are also quite filling. Their small is a 9 inch sub, with a 12 inch, and an 20 inch sub rounding out the options.Edit: I was recently informed that the faux meats that Capriotti's has are NOT vegan. Sorry if my previous review led anyone astray.
5	A very interesting concept of samiches....Cole slaw mixed in with a samich? What? Yes, that is correct and  it's damn good!  The call it the Capistrami, oh sooo good n tasty, hot n cold, spicy n mild, ying n yang, ping n pong....u get the picture.Another called the slaw-be-joe with roast beef.....haven't tried that yet.  The cheesesteak is good and the grilled italian, oh sooo gooooood.I goota say this is the BEST hott samich so far in Vegas.....til next time, good samich eatin!
2	I needed a pastrami sandwich.  I first went to Quinzo's to learn they no longer have pastrami on their menu.  So luckily I have an app on my G1 phone and typed in pastrami and this place came up.  Before I walked in an employee who was outside on a break greeted me.  Inside the other staff were very friendly and patient.  I seem to breakdown when it comes to ordering my food.  So I ordered: a small pastrami on a roll with extra mustard, and swiss cheese.  They only carry white bread.  The meat wasn't that great.  It wasn't great quality for the price.  They have specialty sodas for $2.19.  I got root beer which was pretty tasty.  Because of the customer service, If I'm ever in the area again,  might stop back to try something different.
4	The bobbie is always a great choice when you're in the mood for a sammy. But, their smallest size is 9" -- guaranteed to put you in a food coma. After eating that for lunch I just wanted to pass out. I wish their small size was only 6". That I could handle, but the extra 3" is just too much to take (that's what she said).
4	I like Capriotti's regardless of the fact that its a franchise. I love the Bobbie (as all the other fellow yelpers do) for the cranberry stuffing turkey goodness and the Capastrami with all its pastrami coleslaw yummyness. I definitely come here when I feel like a good hearty sandwich. I am always full after eating here, which for 7 bucks for a 9 incher, that's a pretty good deal I think!
3	went on a tuesday, 11:15a.  waited 9 minutes for a bobbi sandwich($6.50+tax).  the person before was getting fustrated when he went up to pay.  seems like he had waited a while too.  the register had gone down.  pay by cash only said the cashier.  as for the sandwich, was a nine incher, shredded turkey with cranbery sauce.  was good.  i may go again, maybe.
5	5 stars for Capriotti's. 5 stars for service and food!! The people working there were very friendly! BF ordered the Capastrami and I ordered the Cran-Slam Club. Man, I bit into my sandwich and it was delicioius.. cold cut turkey/ham with cranberry sauce. I loved it from first bite!But my first bite into the Capastrami was heaven. I broke up with Cran-Slam Club and I  began my new love affairwith Capastrami. Warm pastrami with tangy coleslaw.. Sigh. I will never forget you Capastrami!!!!
2	CAPRIOTTI'S!!! Y U NO get my order right??I came to this location for the first time today and ordered four sandwiches. Two of the four came out right.My sister is boring and she likes her sandwiches with almost nothing on them. I am the opposite. I like my sandwiches Primanti's-style--filled to the brim and only edible if you kind of tilt your head sideways and gnaw at them. So, you can imagine my sadness when I got home and my sandwich turned out to be the vegetarian version of my sister's (turkey, cheese, lettuce.) It was a mere ghost of what a sandwich should be. I even asked for pickles and of course, there were no pickles. :(The other issue is that I asked for wheat on my sister's sandwich. Maybe there was a communication problem, since the person who took my order handed it off to someone else.On the plus side, my sandwich was good (at least the "meat" was correct!) and the employees could not have been nicer. Capriotti's sandwiches are so good that I'll keep coming back despite service issues (until I find a replacement.)
2	As Capriotti's go in general, they are amazing. Delicious food, friendly service. This one...not so much. I've gone back several times and so has my boyfriend and the service here SUCKS. When I went last week, I walked up to the counter and had two employees look at me and then go back to their respective jobs. No "Be with you in a minute," or "Welcome to Capriotti's." They just looked at me. Then, when someone came to take my order, still no welcome, just, "What can I get ya?" Getting a thank you from someone there is like trying to get cake away from a fat guy. They're the only Caps to screw up my order too which is hard to do when I'm the only one who has ordered a sandwich. Yeah, I go back because it's close to home, but really, you're better off to go to the one on Rainbow.
4	9 in. Bobbie is $8.65 including tax.  This is such a great deal for thanksgiving in a sandwich!The cranberry, mayo, stuffing and shredded turkey are just to DIE for.  If you haven't had the Bobbie, you haven't lived.  I remember first having a Bobbie in 2000, so I've been living for 11 years now. :)The employees here are very friendly, the store is always clean and has the typical Capriotti's decor. The food comes rather quickly and for this location, I've seen it very busy, but always had a place to sit.I like the fact that this Capriotti's is nestled into the shopping center where there are a lot of other food choices, including: Yogi's Teriaki, Long John Silvers, KFC, Taco Bell and Robertos.This location is a winner.  The food is consistent and the value is awesome.
3	I've been to a bunch of different Capriotti's Sandwich Shop locations, and this one is just okay. The service was slow and the veggie cheesesteak, which I love, was just okay. I think the bread was a bit on the old side. Also, there are no restrooms, and I really hate that!  I don't want to walk to another restaurant to use their facilities.  I don't understand how zoning laws in Las Vegas allow a restaurant to function without a rest room.
3	Standards are great when it comes to franchises.  You expect a certain product and as long as that happens younger satisfied so this place is a no brainer.  You always get what you are expecting.  My only issue with this spot that causes my average rating is I think the prices are too high. Lower the prices and I would come more often and give you more stars but price does play into my ratings.
1	My 4 friends and I were disappointed today when we drove over 10 miles to your sandwich shop on Fort Apache. We arrived @ 7:25pm and the shop was closed! The store hours say open until 8:00pm and there were at least 2 employees inside but no one would let us in. We ended up going across the street  to Arby's. Major bummer!
4	How long have I lived in Las Vegas (6 years) and this is the first time I've tried Capriotti's!  My husband couldn't believe it!We rolled up here for a early dinner one night.  When I was looking for the menu, I had no idea what I wanted.  Luckily, there wasn't anyone in line after me and the guy taking orders was super patient.  I asked about their Cole Turkey, which had russian dressing and coleslaw on it, but no one that worked there ever had it, so I took that as an answer of not to order it, haha!So I ordered:*Homemade Turkeycomes w/ provolone, lettuce, tomato, onion, seasonings.  I had all that and included pickles, mayo and mustard.The turkey had wonderful flavor.  However, I didn't like how dense the bread was.  I actually tore off a lot of the bread as there was just too much.*Hot Chicken Cheesesteak-no mushrooms.  My husband said he craves this!Overall, not bad and a nice change from Subway or Jersey Mike's.
5	The best sandwich in town! I can't make up my mind if I am in love with the Bobbie or just the turkey sandwich in general. The way the roast the turkey and then shred it, makes it is the best turkey sandwich ever! I used to live by this location and it is always clean and friendly. The service has always been consistent. I liked to go in on Saturday because the owners brother sure is easy on the eyes. But back to the food, the food is great and I like it when  I get to do a survey for the company because it's short and you get $3.00 off your next sandwich. I think the price is a bit high, but well worth it since I usually get the 12" and eat from it twice.
4	You gotta try the bobbie sandwich .. It's like a fresh bite of thanksgiving .. Glad I found this place.
3	I love their sandwiches but they are VERY over priced AND.... they do not have whole wheat bread.  They were definitely behind the times by not having a whole wheat bread instead of WHITE bread.  Every other sandwich place I know has whole wheat..  Fire House Subs, subway, port of subs, quiznos. etc..Come on Capriotti's get some damm whole wheat french bread.
3	Didn't try the Bobbie, but have had a couple other sandwiches from here and they are good, but nothing out of this world. They guy at checkout doesn't seem like a people person and sounds annoyed calling your name when your order is ready. Would eat here again if really hungry and there weren't other convenient options.
2	Service at this location has been sub par every time I've been. I've also been a few times when their hours say they should be open only to find they've closed early. In short, food is good; service, not so much.
5	This is a travesty! How does this fine establishment not have 5 stars?I'm also not happy with this whole Bobbie obsession. Yes, the Bobbie is amazing. I will not dispute this. However, the unsung hero of this menu is the Cole-Turkey. You can disagree with me but you'd be wrong since this is my review. Turkey, Provolone, Thousand Island, and Coleslaw = Delicious!What? Are you going to go to Subway? That place smells like an actual Subway. Quizno's? Pshhh... their bread may as well be cement. These guys have the formula down. The bread is awesome, they hand pull roasted turkey (I've seen them doing it in the back) and everything moves quick so it's nice and fresh.All those who oppose this gem of a sandwich shop are only dishonoring yourselves and your entire family.
1	Was not happy. Ordered a Cole Turkey. The meat was dry, the cheese bland, and wayyyyy to much cole slaw. It was if I ordered a cole slaw sandwich with cheese topped with shredded turkey. Did I mention the turkey was dry?
3	Great standby sandwich shopHot sandwiches make me a fanVery no-frills, fair prices reflect that.Bread, meats, and cole slaw was all tastyI'll be back
3	My coworkers kept on raving about this place so I had to go check it out. Maybe my tastes are just different, but I was not all that impressed. Apparently the place has won awards for it's Thanksgiving themed turkey sandwich, which I got, but I found the sandwich to be passable - nothing spectacular. Food was decent, service was so-so, and I think everything was a tad overpriced.I mean if you're tired of the normal chains like Subway, Quizno's, etc... going to a "mom and pop" shop like this one may break the monotony, but this one is actually a chain too...
5	I was debating on what my last meal would be before I got my wisdom teeth extracted last week and I didn't have to think too long and hard.  Capriotti's has been a favorite of mine for a very long time... I strictly only order the Bobbie or the Philly.  Most times, I can't decide, so I force my fiance to split the sandwiches with me so I can have half of each! This location is the one that I frequent the most.  I always call my order in on the phone and can expect it to be ready for me within 10 minutes, so I'm in and out in no time.  I don't know what I would do without my Capriotti's fix.  My mouth is watering right now just thinking about it... only a few more days until I can have some (I hope)!
5	I love love love love this location! The lady with the salt and pepper hair (I think) makes the BEST cheesesteak! I'm usually very satisfied with how they make their sandwiches. Sometimes I get disappointed because the cheesesteak is too dry, or not enough cheese. I guess it just depends on when you go, and who makes your sandwich. The service here is way better than the other locations. I stopped going to the location by my house because of their poor service. This store is one of the reasons why I love this neighborhood. :)
3	Great sandwiches and great service.  But what's with the no restroom policy?  Isn't it a requirement that a restaurant have a public restroom?  The hand sanitizer thing hanging by the register isn't cutting it folks.
4	I come here for the cheese steak, and quite frankly, I like that there's plenty of bread!...Oh boy, would I love to have some now!
3	Bobbie wasn't as good here as other locations. Bobbie with slaw was gross... Sloppy, wet, soggy, gross.
2	A couple of days ago I noticed their new sign on the side of the building that says: 'Now Delivers'. I told my husband and we called in today.  The guys first response: "We usually only deliver on $50 orders but I guess we could do it for $30." He then told my husband 'wait a sec' then proceeded to holler back to a co-worker, "You feel like doing any deliveries today?". Excuse me??? Um, shouldn't this be an everyday thing if your establishment offers it? I guess he was fairly OK in attitude but seemed inconvenienced / stand-offish the whole time. I'm all for some companies not wanting to deliver but if you advertise it, employees should be a little more accepting of the fact they're going to have to do it. Furthermore if its a $50 minimum, shouldn't you mention that in your ad? I would figure you'd be fielding alot of unnecessary phone calls with such a vague listing. I don't know if it's just me but I believe there's alot of miscommunication and maybe some retraining that needs to be done at this establishment. On a slight up note; the delivery guy was a pretty nice and friendly guy. His co-worker needs to take notes.
4	Friendly people... Great service... Sandwich a bit dry but still awesome ... Thanks guys!!!
1	Can I give 0 stars?  No?  Ok, then I will give my review of this awful location I decided to give a second chance, because everyone deserves that, and was reaffirmed that this is an extremely poorly run business. They definitely need a lesson in CUSTOMER SERVICE!!  First of all a couple years ago I was diagnosed with Celiac and needed to be on a gluten free diet. I was still craving the Bobby and so I ordered it just with no bun. I was then told they don't sell turkey by the pound, I needed to go to a deli for that. Awful thing to say to someone who has a disease and still wants to put money in your pocket!  Turns out I do not have Celiac and am no longer gluten free. I figured enough time had passed, noticed the entire restaurant store front covered in an advertisement that they deliver so called I did. "I would like to place an order for delivery."  Response, "Um, no."  "I thought you deliver?"  Response, "Let me ask my manager...  I'm sorry but no we aren't delivering right now."  Well you may want to take the giant advertisement that you deliver off your windows!!!!  Way to "deliver" on your own business model!!  BLACKBALLED!!!!
1	Don't waste your time.  They don't listen to your order and then give you attitude when you question them on accuracy and quality.  Chick with tats and piercings is rude and arrogant.
4	This is the location closest to my house. Never had any issues. Service is always quick and friendly and in my opinion one of the best cheesesteak you will find in town. Haven't tried the other sandwiches.
2	I'm not a regular at Capriotti's, but I was less than impressed with this particular location. It seemed a little on the grimy / dirty side and the guys working there seemed confused by the who pick up process for an order I placed online. The sandwich was overly salted when I got it home and I can't say I'd come back to this location.
5	Service is always good. I pick it up for our office alot, and even with the call in they're quick to get it done and the order is always right!
1	I stopped in for lunch today (my first visit) and ordered the Black & Bleu salad.  To begin with there was no Bleu cheese in the salad.  I returned it and got an apology for the missing cheese and received a cup full of cheese.  After sprinkling the cheese over the salad I took a bite only to bite into a piece of metal of some type.  I returned the salad along with the bite of metal and instead of getting a refund on my meal, I was offered a card for a free sandwich...... wtf:  Since this was my first experience with Capriotti's I really don't think I will return.  Too many places to get a good sandwich or salad to mess with this type of service.
4	This place rocks!! It's not hard to find and the service was great. From the time I walked in the door to the time I left they treated me with open arms! The place was extremely clean. Nothing bad I can say!I had the 20" Bobbie. Yes I finished the sandwich my self and it was perfect.
4	A bit pricey but the subs are so delicious it is hard to resist. I wouldn't say we are regulars but we return every once in awhile.
4	The Bobbie is my new favorite sandwich.  I usually have the chicken cheese steak or Slaw Be Jo. Even this was cold it was really good!  I'll definitely go back for more! I ordered a small and it was huge!
1	Called and placed an order to be picked up. My husband goes to pick up and they never made the sandwich. They said that they never got the order over the phone. Boooooo
1	Went here twice and asked for specific ingredients on my sandwich. Three sandwiches and they can't do this. Probably the stupidest people I've ever dealt with in my entire life. That's what I get for asking people who make sandwiches for a living to make a fucking sandwich. This place should be closed down, can't imagine why anyone would want to eat here.
2	I love Capriotti's... Just not this location. Dirty restaurant and employees that looked like they were hired right out of a homeless shelter.
