5	I have been going to Serena, the owner and aesthetician of Zio for about 10 years.  I always leave feeling refreshed and relaxed, in addition to my skin feeling amazing.  Serena is an a experienced professional that can evaluate your skin needs and recommend the appropriate treatments.  She doesn't push anything more than you came for.  I love going to see her and would highly recommend a visit to anyone!!  (wish I went more often!!!)
5	Incredible facial! Serena took so much time with me customizing my facial and my skin care needs afterwards. She's always available if I have questions and has even brought product to my house before. I will never go anywhere else. She's also an eyebrow genius. I would without hesitation send anyone there. Don't spend your money on another esthetician that won't know nearly as much as her!
5	I've struggled with skin issues for 20 years until I started visiting Serena.  My skin has never looked better!  Her comprehensive knowledge of skin physiology with product chemistry combine to produce beautiful results immediately.  The spa itself is cozy, welcoming and stylish just like Serena herself- my appointments are always a treat!
5	I have been going to Serena for the past 7 years and she is the only person I trust for all of my skincare needs. Even when I was going to school in LA, I wouldn't let anyone else touch my eyebrows! I made it a priority to see her when I would come back home for visits every few months. Her professionalism, expertise and kindness are what keep me coming back. I would highly recommend anyone to visit her beautiful spa and treat yourself to a relaxing and rejuvenating experience!
5	The first time I heard of Serena was by word of mouth from one of her clients, who said "Serena will make your skin sing!". I had just had a baby and hadn't quite figured how to get out of the house and take care of my skin with my firstborn in tow. I did my very first post- partum facial with Serena. I took my little guy in his little carry on while Serena worked her magic on my face. She was so patient with me when I needed to get up and tend to him. I would never recommend bringing your infants to a facial but if you ever *had* to do it, Serena is the most accommodating around.  7 plus years later, I still bring my 2 children with me if I am desperate and don't have child care.Through the years, I have had different skin issues come up and she always has a solution that works. She is a boundless sea of information and very knowledgeable about skin and how to care for it. It doesn't hurt that she is kind, professional, flexible, and would bend over backwards for her clients. When you walk into the spa, the vibe  is as warm and welcoming as she is.I am not only a regular client for facials and peels but I also see Serena for my eyebrow waxes. She is precise and whenever I get my make up done or sometimes even random strangers compliment the shape of my eyebrows! I adore Serena and her charming, cozy spa and I will be a forever loyal client as long as she will have me.
5	I love it here! Serena is so serene, and so is this place. Amazing facial with organic local products and I feel amazing. Will certainly be sending others to you as well to experience this greatness. Thank you infinitely!
5	My mother and I have been seeing Serena going on 10 years for my skin. I suffered from severe acne as a teen, and Serena has minimized my scarring over the years with her treatments. She really takes the time to offer the best treatments for each of her clients. To me, that shows she really cares and I feel comfortable with her helping me with my own skin insecurity. I have moved my appointments to see Serena every week for a treatment the past 8 months and seen SO much improvement in my skin. One thing I really like about seeing Serena, she explains each treatment she does on your face and the benefit from each. She is great for recommending and explaining product to use at home in between appointments. She is well educated and absolutely loves what she does. I highly recommend seeing Serena at Zio Spa. The best aesthetician in Scottsdale that's for sure!
