5	This is my fathers car wash of choice. Not implying he, nor myself know anything about Las Vegas car washes due to the fact our cars are pretty tame. Mine anyways.But, I'm guessing since this is identified as a Tunnel Car Wash on the Terrible Herbst locations list it is unique to what they offer city wide.And.........Water Smart Car Wash Program: Southern Nevada Water Authority."Washing your car doesn't have to drain our water resources. If you use a Water Smart Car Wash, the water is recycled on-site or sent to a water treatment facility where it is treated and sent back to Lake Mead."That being said.A couple local looking young men swab over your car with broom handled brushes. Just as the wheel carriage begins to scoot you along. Then those seaweed looking things slop all over, as the twirly brushes do their work along the sides, hood etc. looks like they get great coverage too. (Now mind you not on your jacked 4-wheel drive).There are 3 types of wash options, Basic($4), Ultimate($6), and Super Rad!($10) (I don't remember the names, and exact prices off hand) The Ultimate and Super Rad spew multi colored foam soap, followed by a rinse, a wax spray, a second wax, and the typical blow dry.And it all takes a minute or two. Never have to leave your car.Down side?Vacuum the insides? Have to do it yourself looks like.Brushless / Hand Wash. Nope.Detailing service. Doesn't look like it.Take your Black $50k + car there? It's up to you. Pluses?Store #'s 188, 189, 190 all in the same location.Gas, Store, Lube / Oil / Smog, Car Wash.Coupon: $2 off Ultimate Wash at most Terrible Herbst locations (this location included)  http://www.snwa.com/html/cons_carwash_terribles.htmllink to all Water Smart Car Wash partners:  http://www.snwa.com/html/cons_carwash.htmlShine On!! 5 Stars because it's the right thing to do in the Las Vegas Valley.Save Water when and where we can.
3	I always go here for my oil change because they send out a coupon. Yes, I could go somewhere else that won't bust my balls, but it's just an oil change, not bone marrow transplant. They do a good job, but they'll always try to upsell you on something (air filter, engine flush, tranny fluid, etc...). They have overfilled and/or spilled oil on my engine block every time. Not once in a while, every time without fail. If you don't mind your car smoking like a beater for a few days, check them out.I do like their car wash.
3	It's a gas station....- Mid price gasoline.- Debit/Credit card machine works at the pumps.- Convenience store.- Well lit at night.- Near home.- Car wash service available.What more could I ask for?  It has a purpose and is A-OK at it.Will I return?  Sure.
5	I'm not one to do car washes nor wash my car at that but I give this place props. By luck, I happen to choose this place because it was down the street from my friend's house and we were pressed for time for our road trip. I mean my car was looking embarrassing! If it was my child social services would've repoed my car from neglect. I'm so happy that this isn't your typical quick car wash. You have two terrible workers ( I mean people who work for terribles. Not workers that are terrible at their job. Hardy har har janel...) scrubbing your car down before the initial wash. I was glad for that since my car was in dire need of extra scrubbing. The basic wash cost $6 and ten dollar premium which included your tires shined and waxing. Either way it was worth the wash compared to other car washes that only do a mediocre job at cleaning off the dirt. also, using the vacuum was FREE which was awesome! Usually car wash joints charge 25 cents for however long. Besides the fact that it was hot outside and I'm not one to detail a car, I was glad for the free vacuuming. Definitely worth the $6.
4	It's hard to give a gas station props for providing gas. So I usually just think "if their card reader works and I can get gas, my expectations have been met." So why do I give this place an extra star? Easy: it's right by work, the credit card readers always work, and it's never that full.Also, I kinda like the car wash here.
5	Well lit at night, well priced (matches all around Cheyenne) FREE VACUUMS!!! I'll be back for sure!
4	Great car wash,free vacuums, okay priced gas, well lit at night.
4	Its a gas station :)Its really well lit, and has a nice store inside.
1	3/21/14I had my oil changed on my 2013 Hyundai and now it is leaking oil from the drain plug. Coincidence? Maybe. The last vehicle I brought there (1996 Tahoe) leaked oil after an oil change as well from the oil cooling lines. I would hate to think they are sabotaging cars in there but what are the chances of this happening? I hate this place.
4	Went in today to get my tires rotated.  The price isn't bad for the job they did.  Excellent customer service.  Fast.  Military discount too.
