1	Danny's Family Carousel Car Wash is all about the Upsell! Danny's was a 5 star Car Wash 15 years ago! Gone is the the friendly customer service & a Job #1 attitude that kept me coming back!Danny's Family Carousel Car Wash is now all about the Pressure Upsell! I understand this is a business & there is a bottom line, but to pressure your customers to purchase more than they intend is not upselling, it is unscrupulous!They hit you full force the second you pull into the station! Instead of earning repeat business like they use to they are trying to upsell you get the works, an oil change and windshield damage repair, and everything else they have to sell! When you decline all the extras they disappear as quickly as they showed up & everywhere else you get nothing but bad attitudes!  They try to rush you out of there as quickly as possible, to the point that they always miss something... I've left there several times in a rush to find the front end of my car still covered with bug marks!In the past several years I've had countless bad experiences. So bad that I go out of my way not to ever use a Danny's Family Car Wash again!
2	Been to this location twice, but only because my boss asked me to take her car here specifically to get a basic wash inside and out. The employees are nice enough, and the only reason I'm not giving this place 1 star. I can vaguely remember bringing the car in about a year ago and being quite disappointed with the interior specifically, which is what happened this time around. I am not kidding when I say it looked like they didn't vacuum inside AT ALL, which is part of the Deluxe car wash. In addition, this last time I went, when they finished cleaning the car, they drove the car to a really weird area in the middle of the gas station parking lot and didn't even tell us it was done (we were the only ones sitting outside). It was so awkward having to go up to them in the middle of cleaning other cars to ask for the keys. For $18, I felt like I wasted my boss's money. The outside looked better, but not better enough to account for $18. She keeps asking me to bring the car here, but I don't get it. I would much rather take it to a five dollar car wash and vacuum it myself, it would look so much better!
2	Make sure you understand what you are agreeing to. Lots of upsell. I thought i had agreed to was a special that was all inclusive in the price. Turns out when i received the invoice, it was charged in addition to. I caught it early enough to knock the price off, but it leaves a little bitterness. As a tip, just make sure you double check what you are paying for.
