4	One thing I love about Japanese restaurants, you can always find a decent bento box lunch for an inexpensive price.  It usually leaves you satisfied without breaking the budget.  And if they treat you well during this midday meal, you're more likely to come for dinner and try their sushi too.  (I do hate how many of them close for business in between that lunch and dinner hour though, which luckily, isn't the case with Tokyoto.)Located next to Caffe Gelato in the Bocapark Mall, you walk into this pleasant and bright Japanese restaurant.  The sushi bar takes center state with tables all around.  The BF and I grab a table facing the TV (behind the sushi bar), so we can watch the baseball game.Our waitress brings us the menus and takes our beverage orders.  It's not long before she returns with our tea and complimentary suno mono (cucumber salad).  My choice for today is their Lunch Special #1 which is Chicken Teriyaki, Shrimp & Vegetable Tempura, and California Roll ($7.95).    The BF gets their Lunch Special #4, which is Tonkatsu, Shrimp & Vegetable Tempura, and California Roll ($9.95).  (Rice and miso soup automatically comes with all the lunch specials.)When our orders arrive, we are both pleasantly surprised with their generous portions.  A nice heaping side salad also accompanied our bento box (with a carrot-based dressing?).  Six pieces of CA roll instead of the pictured three pieces and five pieces of tempura - shrimp, onion, potato, zucchini, and carrot were presented before us (along with our chicken teriyaki or tonkatsu).  We were initially thinking of adding a roll to our order since they had some unique ones that piqued our interest.  But after seeing our order come out, we knew we couldn't finish it all.Service was good, our waitress was very pleasant and refilled our beverages as needed.  A steady stream of customers started coming in a little after noon on this Friday, so it started to fill up slowly. Overall, we had a pretty good experience based on their lunch bento box.  A solid 3.5 stars.  We'd definitely return to try out some of their unique rolls like the "Who Your Daddy?" roll (Spicy Yellowtail inside, Yellowtail and Jalapeno on top with Ponzu sauce $13.50) and the "Heart Attack" roll (Spicy Tuna, Cream Cheese, Jalapeno, & Deep Fried with House Sauce $9.50).
3	A random splurge lunch; I got the Bento Lunch meal with salmon, terayaki beef, and six California rolls. It came with miso soup, white rice and a weird salad with a ginger-carrot dressing. This was 9.95. Big portions, but like always with sushi I left feeling not quite topped off.I sat at the bar with my brother; nice atmosphere, very conducive to hanging out and teaching the younger generation how to order and use chopsticks and all that. Major points off for not running my credit card because I was 'under the ten dollar minimum'. On 9.95? Cheap asses. I ordered two unagi to bump the meal up, but credit card minimums in Las Vegas=unacceptable.
4	Best Sushi in Sumerlin! Ok, I dont live in Vegas so I probably can't back that up; but I do know that the food here was pretty damn good. I ordered a bento box/combo meal and the portions were absolutely huge.The tempura I got was a massive portion along with  the chicken terayaki . It came with Sushi too; but I had way to much Saki to remember the name! Sorry!Friendly wait staff and they even gave us a free dish of oysters. Good deal and good prices
2	I hate giving negative reviews, but this place was pretty bad. The first thing I noticed after walking in was that it smelled like smoke. Not like burnt toast smoke, but cigar smoke which can be very unappealing when you're trying to eat. I realized when we left that the restaurant is located next to a cigar shop - they must share a vent or something. The food took FOREVER to come out. It was 2 PM and there were a total of 3 occupied tables! I don't know why it was taking so long, but I heard another table complaining. When we finally got our food it wasn't that that bad. My mom and I each had a combination lunch with teriyaki, tempura and 4 california rolls. The teriyaki was ok, a little on the sweet side. The tempura was so heavily battered that it was more like fish & chips than the traditional lacy tempura. They also give you about 3 tablespoons of rice to go with your meal. I didn't try my grandma's nabeyaki udon, but she had the same problems with the extra crispy tempura.Go somewhere (anywhere) else for better Japanese food.
3	A couple months ago after arriving from a small island busting with Asian cuisine, I searched for a new sushi spot to land on for the remainder of our stay in Vegas. Moving to a new place requires you to find a suitable regular spot for particular tastes, and I needed a new sushi bar to call home.Going up Charleston Boulevard toward the Red Rock Casino--because we heard about their Japanese restaurant in the hotel--we came across an area with a Target, Vons, and restaurants. One in particular is a small place called Tokyoto, and because of it's quaint exterior, I asked my spouse to pull over. We drove up to the place at 11 in the afternoon, easily finding parking to eat inside.We walked through the door, which was separated by a wooden Japanese-like divider--and turned the brief corner to find a sushi bar that looked like home. Tokyoto has a traditional sushi bar with the fish displayed along the counter and a chef--headband and knife--ready to make your dream roll. We sat at the bar for our first experience, although there were many tables open, and looked at their menu. We learned that in Vegas you get a paper and mark your order, then hand it to the chef. What we're used to is telling him directly what to make, but respectfully. I decided to go that direction.After ordering tempura, tempura rolls, and some new rolls I've never heard of--I assume they're made for American tastes--we were excited to see that the beauty of sushi making is preserved in this sushi bar. We started on our tempura, which was light, flaky, and had great taste, and ate the sushi. I have to be honest--I was expecting the same fantasic rolls as I find on Guam--and although the sushi is not as great in Vegas as it is at home, it was pretty darn close.Tokyoto is as close as it gets for me personally to real sushi. We tried the hotel sushi, and although good and traditional, the taste wasn't as great for some reason. Tokyoto's, however, has beautiful fish and great rolls. From our experience so far, all sushi bars have the same menu for sushi and tempura, but for some reason this place had excellent food and service.Great find in the Summerlin area if you want quick sushi.
2	Was an average sushi joint with a super high price tag on almost all the items. I did like the scallop roll but the salmon sashimi was nothing to speak of for the price I paid. I will say that the jalapenos were good that they stuffed with crab. The service was friendly but overall this place is pretty overpriced for what it is. That being said the service was good but its just just not quite up to par for the price point.
4	I was a little skeptical going here because some of the bad reviews but tried it anyways.  There was no smoke smell that someone mentioned...in fact there was a sign that didn't encourage smoking in the restaurant.  The sushi rolls were satisfying.  My favorite was the spicy tuna roll with the ahi on top.  The hamachi roll was very small and didn't taste very good but everything else was decent.
1	You know it's bad when you wished you went to Whole Foods across the street for sushi. And those were my exact thoughts as I was leaving this dump. I will say that service is friendly but it couldn't make up for the so-so food that was really overpriced.My $10.95 rainbow roll was depressing with paper thin slices of sashimi on top. I know times are tought but damn, I might as well have gotten two California rolls and a miso soup.  You really do pay a premium when you eat at Summerlin. Bottom line: Don't come here.
3	I am a huge sushi fan.  I love the holiday atmosphere and the sushi.  My pick is and will always be soft shell crab sushi!
3	I'm sorry, but after eating at Sen of Japan, which was just so freaking AWESOME!, no other sushi restaurant in Vegas will be as good in my book.We were in the area and decided to eat here on a Sunday night. It was very empty, only two other people were in the restaurant with us. The waitress that was working was pretty nice and checked up on us a few times. The sushi chef was nice as well, but he took really long to make our food! He couldn't keep his eyes off some junior hockey league playoffs that they were showing on TV. It's like excuse me sir....you have customers waiting for their orders? AND it's football season right now. If you had your eyes glued to the TV because of a football game, I could definitely understand that, haha!I ordered the Shrimp Tempura Roll, which tasted ok, but it was kind of drenched in sauce. My husband ordered the Las Vegas Roll and said it was pretty good. Another plus is that they had a full picture menu!Nothing special. It was alright, but I don't think I would come back here unless it was free.
5	The last time I reviewed was during Christmas.  Although the sushi is good, I am a bigger fan of the Avocado/Almond salad.  Yum.
3	The place was decent.  The caterpillar roll was a bit different than what I am used to, but still good.  The bento box was probably a 3/5 as well.  The teriyaki chicken was not as grilled as I liked and the teriyaki sauce itself was not what I usually expect.  The tempura was pretty decent as well though it could have been cooked just a little crispier.  I still haven't found a great bento/lunch box in Vegas.  The benchmark is Ichi Riki in Seaside, CA.  Shoot me a note if you have a recommendation for bento's in Vegas.
1	My husband ordered two rolls for a take-out lunch here, which cost $27. I'm certainly not opposed to spending money on sushi, but the portion sizes were absolutely ridiculous for the price. There were only 6 pieces of one of the rolls rather than the usual 8, and the roll that was supposed to come with avocado had two measly little slices. When I called to express my disappointment, I was told there was no manager nor owner available. The waitress took it upon herself to start arguing with me and proceeded to defend the modest portions and mediocre sushi. I've given this place one try to many, and would not recommend it.
5	I love the Heart attack roll and ex boyfriend roll, A must have for sure. Lasana roll was a little too rich for me but still tasty
3	I eat here when I want sushi and I don't feel like driving far from my house. This place has a lot of potential but something about it is lacking. The food never tastes bad but it also never tastes outstanding. I'm not sure what it is about the food, but it's like something is missing.The service is also slow. I think they try to save money by not hiring employees and just having the owners work, but that also makes me not want to come in too. It shouldn't take me almost an hour to eat 2 rolls at lunch. Having an extra chef/cook would be nice.
3	I would rate this restaurant average. The food (fish) isn't as fresh as I expected. I went there for lunch. Only one sushi chef. Food gets out very slow.
2	Ordered a lunch special for pick up and it definitely was nothing special...A salmon steak bento box came out to be about $9.50...Comes with rice, miso soup, salad, salmon steak, 4 pieces of California roll, tempura.. The waitress was friendly but the restaurant was dead during lunch time.. hmmm The rice was a little hard, the salad was sad and the tempura was mehhhhh.Probably won't come back unless I'm really craving Japanese food during lunch time haha..
4	I was driving around the mall and was HUNGRY!  So I saw this sign that said all you can eat sushi.  I popped in...The price was ok $22 at lunch time.  But seriously, I ordered quite a few different rolls and pieces of sushi.  Everything was quite tasty.  The only problem I had was that there was one roll that I really wasn't crazy about.  It was good, but not my favorite.  If I didn't finish it, I would have had to pay extra for it.  That is the only draw back to these types of places.The Sushi Chef was outstanding.  He was checking my progress and would ask me as I was finishing a roll, what I would like next.  THere wasn't any real lag time between rolls.Next time I am in Vegas, I plan on going back.
2	My boyfriend and i went there for an ayce quick lunch, food was decent wait time for the food was horrible. The place wasn't busy there was 2 couples other then myself and my boyfriend there. We ordered.....20 minutes later we got 2 rolls. The rolls were good so, we decided to order some more..... waited another 25-30 minutes. Food was okay not worth the wait though. So our quick lunch turned into a really long production. Probably will not go back.
3	Didn't opt for AYCE, but the rolls we ordered were darn tasty. Warning: the Red Rock is not a roll, but a loose mess of yummy goodness. You might need a spoon. I wouldn't rate this as a super-good sushi place, but a solidly good one. Service was good, food was good, ambiance was good. Then again, we were the only ones there.
3	We ate there last night.  We eat here about 3 times per year.  The sushi with sauces tends to be ok.  They don't have a very big variety on their AYCE menu.  There are a lot of rolls on the menu, but if you look close most of them are very similar.  The sushi and nigiri without sauces tend to very very very dry.  The service is usually good, but if there is someone at the sushi bar that speaks Japanese, you will be ignored.  We were the only other customer other than the Japanese speaking customer last night.  The chef, the owner, and the waitress spent all their time talking to the Japanese speaking customer.  We waited much longer than normal to get our food.  If you are going to get AYCE, it's the best place I have found in Summerlin.  If anyone has found a better place, please let me know.Do not order take out.  Even though they know me there, the take out is horrible.  If a roll comes with sauce, they will not put the sauce on the roll.  They are very hesitant to give you containers of sauce for the rolls that you pay for.
4	Got AYCE lunch today.  I was by myself and ate at the sushi bar.  All my sushi was delivered to me pretty promptly.  The price for AYCE is a little on the high side.  21.95 for lunch till 3 pm.  The menu is good though,  I like a lot of their sushi choices.  The serving sizes were quite small.  I'm sure this would bother some people.  I am little, however so being able to order 4 different smaller sized rolls is preferable to me than ordering 2 larger (or more normal) sized rolls.  I'm not sure if they only sized them like that because I ordered AYCE or because the sushi chef could clearly tell I'm a little woman who may not eat as much.  If those sizes were for ala carte prices, I'd have been pissed.  I'm going to give the sushi chef the benefit of the doubt, because like I said, I found it preferable and I don't want to give them crap for something I liked,
1	Should have left at the first moment we walked in, the place reeked of oil to almost an uncomfortable point. We decided to stay because we were pretty hungry. We opted for the AYCE which was a little bit pricier than some of the nearby places and actually limited to 2 hours which I have never seen. Would be outraged if this place was actually busy.  This might be just semantics but Nigiri Sushi should be labeled as such and not just sushi to avoid confusion. I ordered the scallop nigiri sushi and was a bit upset that they couldn't have made it spicy since there were other add on's I could have had but spicy mayo was too much to ask for. The first few set of rolls we got were pretty pathetic, extremely small and no "meat" to them, especially the avocado roll. I respect ordering little by little but low quality and quantity. That's a no no. We learned quick that we had to order from the specialty rolls to get what you would normally expect of standard rolls. Also we had to ask for plates to eat our sushi as we were beginning to make a mess just using our napkin and the one plate the sushi was on. For awhile I thought we were going to have to retain an empty dish just so we had plates since it took us asking twice to get some. We also had to wait a long time for water to be refilled and it had to be asked with an order and more wait time.  The Red Rock (Note: which is not a roll) and the Lion King Roll were the only pleasing ones out of our choices.This place had us wishing we bought the sushi sampler at Costco instead for fraction of the cost and much better quality.
2	Definitely not the best first impression I would have liked to have from a sushi restaurant, as when me and my girlfriend walked in we were welcomed with the smell of frying oil (that wasn't really fresh either). We opted for the AYCE,  priced at 24.99 at dinner (which would be reasonable, but more on that later). Unfortunately, a good number of the rolls we ordered were underwhelming to say the least. The avocado roll (which is one of my personal favorites when done correctly), looked more like a roll of rice with a tiny green vein of avocado running down the middle. The Aladdin roll, although sounding good on the menu, was drenched in a VERY garlicky ponzu sauce which just dominated the whole dish. I was also looking forward to the Jalepeno Popper roll, which was spicy tuna and fresh jalepeno fried tempura style. Quite possibly one of the blandest things I have ever eaten, sadly. Also, service was a tad on the slow side (granted one lady was working, the place had no more than 6 people in it at the time we were there).Negatives out of the way, there were some tasty rolls to come our way. The Red Rock was particularly good (although not a traditional roll, more like a sushi "lasagna" with layers of rice and spicy tuna with tuna and avocado on top). Also, the Lion King roll was by far the highlight of the night, and one roll I would gladly order again.Overall, I have to give this place a thumbs down for underwhelming sushi. As for the "all you can eat". They should really consider renaming it "all you can eat in 2 hours", because that rule is plastered at the top of the menu (I've been to quite a few restaurants that have an AYCE option. FIRST time I have ever seen that.). Kinda makes that 24.99 price tag a little heftier in my eyes.
1	I agree with the reviews about this place smelling oily and making their sushi the size of a nickel. There are so many better sushi places out there and yes I agree and admit that Costco sushi is better! I ordered the unagi roll which was a very flimsy sized portion...you caould barely see the unagi and the avocado in the roll had a bitter taste. 8 tiny (nickel sized pieces) for 11.00....Not worth it at all.Too bad I had such a bad sushi experience, as sushi is one of my favorites!
3	My husband and I come here a lot because we live close and it's one of our favorite sushi places (Probably because it was our favorite place to go with friends in high school). We are big sushi eaters and they have never disappointed us here. The staff is always friendly, although hard to understand sometimes. The place is a little cramped, but the sushi rolls make up for it. The dragon roll is my favorite,  hubby likes the tempura rolls. We sadly always end up spending close to $100 for just the two of us every time we go though, and never really leave with our tummies fully satisfied. The only thing that really bugs me is the atmosphere. The restaurant is small and cramped, with silk plants crowding some of the tables.
2	This place used to be a solid sushi choice however the last two times we have ordered take-out it has been a disappointment.  The fish has been sliced ultra-thin served over excessive rice.  It comes off as they are struggling and trying to cut costs.
1	Sometimes giving a 2nd chance is like biting a bullet just in case the first one have missed... Gave this sushi place a 2nd chance but ultimately they still haven't deliver, im not even sure if the mgt even reading the bad raps here. Theyre giving the boca park tasteless and cheap, poor quality of food, the atmosphere wasn't pleasant you can smell the oil of the foods theyre frying, unappetizing presentations, gooey tuna and fishy fished (argh!), most of all the service was just awful most esp. The sushi chef, its very forgiving that sometimes they forgot what you order esp if the place is really busy but on this case, we were only less than 5 customer that they have to cater, two of which just ordered ala carte so i dont think that what i order "unagi sushi wasn't that hard to put, and the tempura is not served 20 minutes later, im not sure if he's doing it by purpose because not once or even twice he forgot the order and the thing that doesnt sit with me is the fact, that he looked annoyed when i reminded him. I mean if youre having a bad day, who isn't?! We are in darn fed shut down and i still managed or decided to eat on your awful resto. What im saying here, i am a paying customer and that attitude wasn't acceptable at all. Thanks for keeping me waiting and chose to take the order of the new customer whereas i already placed mine before he even sat, i just cancelled and called it a night. My 2 cents worth, eat at your own risks. Peaceout!
1	Was at the alteration place next door waiting for a friend and needed a snack. I ordered a appetizer order of shrimp tempura. Yuck, the shrimp tasted like it just came out of the freezer, and these were sliced in half so it was half a shrimp. There was too much batter which made up for the size, but seriously, that doesn't count.I would not come back, ever.
2	Walked in and had the place to myself!! Yes!! And the sushi chef is nowhere to be found sooo sitting at the bar by myself. Should've went to WahoosService sucks, took 5 minutes before the sushi chef came outAnd he took the order of the only other people that were sat later. They are speaking Japanese though so maybe they know something I don't?Had to ask for everything:water, saucer for soy sauce, even those main trays they give you with the wasabi and ginger on it. Sure I get it if you were busy but it's just me, that coupke and one other guy. Eh. I need Goyemon to was this craptastic experience out of my mind.
3	I think this place gets a bum rap and it's significantly improved once they started serving AYCE. Frankly, I understand others' loss of love because there are plenty of good AYCE sushi places around town, some excellent. But with no competition in the Boca Park shopping center, which is close to my workplace, and when I'm unwilling to make a further trek for good sushi, Tokyoto Sushi gets my business. The service is friendly and the place is usually not too packed at lunch time. The nigiri can be hit or miss but they have some surprisingly good rolls. I don't usually eat rolls and go for just the nigiri (I can eat copious amount of salmon) but a friend of mine ordered the Pink Lady roll which turned out to be pretty yummy. If you're cool with your fish having some bone, I would also recomend trying their Hamachi Kama (broiled yellowtail collar) appetizer as a lunch meal.
3	Its a decent place to go since I moved to this side of town and its close. Quality is decent, the rolls are smaller then i'm used to, but their yummy. A lot of variety for me, but my BF doesnt like shrimp tempura or cream cheese in his rolls and most of the rolls come with one or both. Havent had any issues with freshness. I do have to agree with just about every reviewer. They take forever to get your sushi out to you. I'm used to being in and out of sushi joints in under a hour. I usually sit here for the full 2 hour allotment.  So if you have any time restraints, go somewhere else to come back another day.
2	Went here for Valentine's Day with my GF and 2 other couples. For such a busy night you think they would have had more than 1 server. We had reservations and were seated immediately. The table they sat us at was in the middle of the small restaurant and we had to scoot our chairs in every 5 minutes to let people pass.The server took forever and we had to ask for everything, plates, wasabi, dipping bowls, water..etc. There's too many other options for sushi in town and I don't think I'll be returning there. Had to leave for a show and never got one of my orders after waiting 15 mins to get my check. The best thing is AYCE for $30.
2	Went there on the Saturday night and it was not busy at all , already a red flag . Ordered all you can eat. If you love all you can eat rice then it's a place to go.  It's sad to see this place trying to cut the costs on food.Ok - service ,Very small fish and a lot of rice .SushiMon is the best place to go .
4	Every time I come here, I order the Snow White roll.  Amazing.  I don't know exactly all they put in there, but the special sauce that goes on it, is what makes it so amazing.I've done the AYCE here for dinner.  It is a bit pricey and will only be worth it if you're a big eater.  Oh, and make sure you finish everything on there, otherwise, they will charge you a la carte for it.
4	I truly enjoyed my visit here. They didn't offer AYCE when I was here last, so I was concerned about whether the quality had decreased. Nope- everything was great! Very clean, pleasant staff, nice atmosphere. The AYCE is about $25 per person. I had the tea (a tasty gen maicha) and my friend had beer, Sopporo. A wide variety of sushi is available, from the "novelty" types to the more recognizable nigiri, hand and maki rolls. We didn't explore everything (too much to get through!) but we had room to try a couple of things we'd never had before. The sushi was well crafted and attractive. The eel looked like lacquered pieces  of art. I ordered the ikura, which is a test of quality for me. The roe was fresh and popped in my mouth- delicious. We tried the uni, which was beautiful but an acquired taste, for sure.  It's like foie gras of the sea. I will definitely come back, and I'd confidently bring friends and family here.
1	My boyfriend and I decided to give this place a shot because it was close to an appointment I had to go to in 45 min.  It gets one star because the fish wasn't bad, but we barely got enough to say we were eating sushi. We did AYCE for lunch on a Saturday, not many people there. We are nigiri kind of people and rarely ever order a roll.  Everything we ordered was all rice and a sliver of fish.  The rice needed work too.  When we asked for tobiko he said he only gets it once a year. Lol. OK I'll just keep going to the other places who have it all the time. In hopes that we could find something positive to say we ordered some things from the kitchen. The shrimp tempura was warm not hot and the batter tasted as if it came from a box.  The agedashi tofu was anything but.  It was just two fried pieces of tofu sitting on a small puddle of ponzu...not even the right sauce guys. Tonkatsu was thin pieces of pork and really tough. It looked as skimpy as the fish. So I'm sorry to say nothing was good.  This place is a rip off. Will never return or recommend.  Better to take your business to consistent places like goyemon and sushi mon.
1	First experience here, Mothers Day 2014 lunch: "All you can eat" The name of this restaurant should be "Tokyoto Rice"Service was friendly and attentive although drinks were never refilled. Each roll took 5-10 minutes to arrive with two chefs working and only two other groups in the restaurant. The sushi chef serving us was approximately 80 years old. Very little fish on top of rolls. Avocado was used sparingly.  Too much rice used for rolls. Nigiri had more rice than fish. Eel sauce was very thick and too sweet/ flavorless. Garlic Ponzu was very acidic. The "Seafood Salad" was a single piece of salmon, single piece of tuna, and a crab stick with ponzu. The "Red Rock" sealed it for me. It was a large patty of rice with a thin layer of crab in the middle and a thin smear of tuna on top (picture spreading jam on a piece of toast). Green Tea ice cream was not even that great. I'm trying to find something positive but this does not fly when there are excellent examples of AYCE in this city.I've had sushi all over Vegas having lived here for 10 years. Tokyoto is unimpressive in practically every way. They switched recently to an AYCE menu so business must have been slow. That is quite an accomplishment given the location in Boca Park. This is one of the best locations for a sushi restaurant right in Summerlin, however this place has no appeal and no clientele. They need new management and new staff to survive.I'm not going to give it away on this side of town but try Yama by UNLV. Or I Love Sushi in Henderson. For non AYCE always try Yummy on Lake Meade.
2	Noticed this place when in the area for gelato and fish tacos, but reviews made it sound pretty dismal. I'm not really an AYCE sushi person, and not having a website listed or menu in the photos made me hesitant to visit.Hesitation wasn't unwarranted, it turned out.Went in to order takeout. Opted for the rolly roll and the pink lady roll.Sat at the sushi bar next to an AYCE patron. As I waited, he ordered and received 3 different rolls. This began to get annoying as I waited nearly 20 minutes for my order- restaurant wasn't busy, only two other tables were in and neither was actively ordering. One other person was waiting on a takeout order and waited longer than I did.What really irritated me was realizing that my order sat at the counter for a good 10 minutes before the older waitress noticed and brought it to me.And then I had to remind her to charge my card before I left. Service, needless to say, is lacking.Food was okay.Rolly roll was one of those rounded mounds of mixed rice and fish- I'm not a huge fan of that type of "roll" and though there was nothing wrong with the flavor, I was annoyed that the nontraditional roll structure was not mentioned on the menu when I ordered.Pink lady roll was just okay- sauce did not taste like any garlic ponzu I've had and the salmon almost tasted cooked rather than fresh. Disappointing.
1	My husband and I have been to LOTS of Japanese restaurants with an AYCE option and this place is the WORST. The seaweed salad was old, shrimp tempura was tough with a thick batter, and the mussels were also tough and neither any of these were edible at all. The sushi rolls should have been called rice rolls but at least they were edible. The only thing that we liked was the miso soup but who goes wrong on that?The service didn't help their case either. Our server, well, she was the only server there, was very arrogant and rude. She wanted us to finish every little thing on our plate, mind you, we can hardly eat anything we ordered. We should have known better as we were the only ones in there on a Saturday. We were out the door 45 minutes later, hungry and disappointed. Such a waste of money and time. Please be warned that you are better off going somewhere else like Oyshi or Sushi Kaya.
1	On a Sat, there was only 1 waitress for the whole restaurant.  Not once I was asked if I needed anything. Service did not meet my expectations because no one would come to my table.  A little smelly as well, not food but odor coming from the silk plants that has not been cleaned.  Not coming back
1	Ate dinner here last night and we did not enjoy it at all. First sushi place that the shrimp was not cleaned out. Soooooooo grosssss! Service was really slow and they weren't very busy. Really disappointed and most def not going back.
1	Food was NOT good. Of all of the sushi places we've been to in town, this was by far the lowest quality. We walked in and it was extremely hot, as if it's not hot enough in Vegas..the service was slow even with only one other table in the restaurant. Not going back..
