5	I had finally decide to get Solar panels installed on my roof. Since my house was ~ 25 years old, I decided to bite the bullet and have my under felt replaced rather than have to have it repaired and also incur the cost of removing the panel during the work.Received several quotes for my 2800 sq ft single story house and decide to go with VIP services for a couple of reasons. - Good reviews on Angies list plus I had met the owner and Zona at one of trade shows at Maricopa County Fair grounds.  - Very friendly and they also mentioned that they might be able to get some off cut material at a lower rate from their supplier. Anyways went with 90lbs felt and whole house re-felt plus repair of any rotten timbers and repaint.They also gave me a couple of quote options for thinner felt (significantly cheaper), but wanted to go with something that should out last me....Job took approx 3-4 days with the odd break for some heavy rain.They did a very thorough job and left the site very clean. Final cement work was good and any broken tiles were replaced. Couldn't find any fault and their customer service is excellent - they seem to want to go out of their way to please
5	While selling our rental property, the buyers asked for a new roof after inspector noticed a lot of wear and tear on the shingles. So, we needed someone who could get us an estimate fast. VIP Roofing Services was able to come out the next day. Their price was competitive with the other quotes we got and they were able to come back out quickly and got the work done in just one day (we ended up doing a shingle overlay rather than full roof replacement). Everyone I talked to on the phone was very professional and they emailed us the final paid invoice and warranty info very promptly so that we could pass it along to the buyers.Overall, they did a great job.
5	I had several roof leaks so after reading the review on the Yelp I gave them a call.  They were very professional and owner came out to give me a free estimate.  He showed me several photos and explained everything that needs to be done which came out to $2300.00.  He sent me an written comprehensive estimate via e-mail the same day.  Because it was so much money I wanted to get more estimates.  I called 2 other companies from "to fix it".  1 company came out and gave me an estimate for $2000.00 more than VIP for less work and another company came out but never sent me an estimate.  I called VIP and set up a time for them to come out and do the work.  They were prompt and finished the work with in 2 days.  I was very satisfied with this company.
