4	Great little carry out only ice cream shop!Stopped by on their opening night for a complimentary scoop and just swung by again tonight for a follow-up.Single window service; accepts cards and cash. Great selection of flavors. Prompt and friendly service. Has a small seating area on the side of the building (outdoor). I imagine this will be a seasonal place, and that's A-OK by me. It's located right along the bike trail, and I often see long lines of bicycle helmet wearing folk waiting for their 'scream.
4	The 4th and newest Chocolate Shoppe opening in Madison is a welcome addition to the Atwood neighborhood. Unlike the other locations, this Chocolate Shoppe has no indoor "dining" area, and only has a few outdoor tables. Considering how tiny the building is, that isn't surprising, and this setup is probably one of the very few possible efficient uses that building could have. But regardless, even though I like the outdoor seating, it makes me dread going there on a rainy or cold day (I'm from Wisconsin, so I want my cold custard treat even in a polar vortex, thank you very much)From my experience here, it's just like the other Chocolate Shoppes in town, which can only be a good thing. They have delicious ice cream in many varieties, and they churn out new flavors fairly regularly. They even had vegan espresso Oreo flavor ice cream last time I was there. Yum! Mee! So yeah, if you like ice cream, you'll like this place. But everyone likes ice cream, so everyone likes Chocolate Shoppe, right? I have only 3 gripes about this location: 1) The outdoor only seating issue I mentioned previously, 2) The lack of descriptions next to some of the flavors. It's just odd seeing a name like "Munchie Madness" or "Halley's Comet" and have no description of what's in it next to the name. The person at the counter will surely tell you if you ask, but it makes deciding harder. and 3) You can't see the ice cream buckets. I always liked that at the State St location, because it tantalized my taste buds & tummy even more. So, it detracts a little bit from the experience. Regardless of those nitpickings, i'd say if you want ice cream, go here!
4	Were you ever called moo moo ice cream? Cos I think you should be.The S*(# just got serious is amazing. love the salt crystals. the chocolate chunks was a little too big for me..I love that everyone sits in the little park by the shop to have their ice cream. And thanks for being at the Atwood festival!!!Please make some savory flavors!!!!!
5	We love Chocolate Shoppe ice cream.  They have several locations but also set up stands at local events.  This weekend I took my 8 year old daughter to their newer location -- a window front on Atwood Avenue.  She wanted us to get a pint of the Choco Carmel Latte - it was incredible. We sat out back on this charming patio area on a cute bench.  Their ice cream is consistently excellent and I've never had anything but good experiences with the employees at every location. I highly recommend searching them out on a visit to Madison.
5	The Chocolate Shoppe is a great addition to the Atwood neighborhood. Only down the street from my house, it makes for a nice walk and a great treat. Small, but houses most of their best flavors. My favorite is the Lemon Meringue, although only seasonal. Another great contender is the Raspberry Nebula Soy, chock-full with raspberries and chocolate chunks.The staff are very friendly, and have yet to mock me for my repetitive mispronunciation of 'Nebula' ( I call it Ne-boo-la ). Seeing as the establishment is super tiny, they make up for space with their gorgeous and comfortable patio out back.
