2	I really did not like my experience at this location. It seemed as if I was getting charged for so many things that I didn't need or weren't necessary. Fecal exams, I get it, they should do them to make sure everything is OK, but not every visit especially when the visits were 2 days apart?! Unbelievable. We visited this location because our pup was vomiting and we had no idea why. They charged us $34.99 for an exam, $5 for waste disposal... And this was way before the Vet even walked into the room and before anything was done to our pup. Once the Vet walked in, he proceeded to tell us that he wants to do an X-Ray, BLAH, BLAH, BLAH and the total was to come out to be a little over $300, it was a long list of of some unnecessary things... We were very hesitant to do proceed with what he was suggesting, especially since it seemed as if he was just trying to charge us for anything he could, so we decided to wait another day, discontinue a certain treat we recently started giving her and see if she was going to vomit again. She didn't and we were relieved that we were able to figure out ON OUR OWN how to handle the situation and not have that hole in our pocket from what the Vet was going to charge us. I called in one day, just to ask how much they charge to Spay my pup and her answer was "They changed the prices in the computer so I don't know, the only way to know is when you come in and the Dr. can tell you there is a charge for the visit and the waste disposal" I requested that she ask the Dr. to see how much it would cost just for the Spay and she stated that she could not. Incompetent, yes. Make sense in a Pet Hospital, no. I also decided to look up this location on Google, since there wasn't anything on Yelp at the time of my research and found this: http://www.kudzu.com/m/Banfield-The-Pet-Hospital-895787/reviews/ That was upsetting to read, to say the least considering I was already annoyed at the other visits we made there. I will NOT be back.
1	Bait and switch at a vet office?? What a disappointment.We brought our mastiff here due to an ear infection. After a 30+ minute wait (after our scheduled appointment), we were brought back to the exam room where a sample was taken. The tech took time to explain the difference in payment packages available. We opted out of the service packages and received a form with a price quote of just under $100 for the visit. After another long wait, the results of the ear sample were completed and the vet brought 2 creams out, along with a bill for $274. When asked about the discrepency we were told the final bill included the cost of the medications. We declined the medications, paid for the office visit and test and were told the bill would have been considerably less if we had purchased one of their pre-paid plans. We asked for a copy of the test results (which we paid for) and were told that they would not give us a copy, if another vet wanted the results they would have to be requested directly. As unfortunate as this visit was, it led us to another vet in the area who was terrific and only charged us $78 for the visit, exam, and medication for the ear infection. It does pay to shop around, I will be more diligent with checking reviews from now on.
5	Wife called my cell and said the puppy 1.5 pounds was yelping loud. I called a couple of places yelp recommended no one could get us in now! I drive like a mad man my wife was in tears. We got here and place is in Pet Smart. Not well reviewed but, the Vet is great and took us in... We rang the after hours bell meet us at the counter. Will up date very confident that everything will be OK. I am in the medical field by trade and we never tell a person it going to be OK. Diagnostic skills are on point with the Dr. Mangnall - Williams and we will let you know the out come. I already impressed with  professional manner and ER services.Yeast infection in hear both CoCo ears and gave her systemic drops and an ear flush with Excellent service and great bed side manner. Stat lab positive for yeast onsite. Great care! $140.00 out the door with Rx.
