3	Nice hotel nearby shopping although I felt it was a little overpriced for the value.  Maybe it had a little to do with the NBA All-Star weekend being in town.  It was in a nice part of town and had plenty of parking.  The staff was very helpful and friendly.
4	Good hotel in the middle of the Camelback strip.  Easy access to lots of good restaurants and bars, definitely more lively than the downtown area afterdark.Courtyard offers the basics, including free internet, and a pool. Lots of parking, low key environment, i.e., definitely not the place for spring breakers and party people (and thats the way I prefer it!) Definitely a step up compared to a lower end motel.
4	This hotel is great and situated in an ideal location near the Biltmore Fashion Park, the Camelback Colonnade and Town and Country Shopping Center.  This is the perfect spot if you are either a casual traveler or business traveler because of the price and location.  The service was great and the rooms are well kept.  It's located inside the same area of the Town Country Shopping Center so it makes it convenient to any guest at the hotel.They even have a business center with free/included internet access, which came in very handy for me.There's a large pool in the main courtyard and a jacuzzi as well.
4	Courtyard is a very mid mid-level chain that is part of the Marriott Properties. So when you can find a good deal on the rooms, especially last minute, that's a good thing! My plans changed in the middle of the afternoon (Phoenix weather! Ugh!) and so instead of being in Flagstaff, I was searching for a room in the valley. The Courtyard stepped up and while it's not in the absolute best neighborhood, it's easy to access and I had a very quiet room.The room was nice and comfortable with a large bed plus a sofa and coffee table that faced the large screen TV. The work desk had sufficient power for my laptop and phone. Bathroom had all the amenities I expect for Marriott properties, including curved shower rod that I really need to figure out how I can do that at home!
3	There is a construction around the hotel so your shoes will get dirty pretty quick if you want to talk out.Rooms are nice, I stayed at the 4th floor and it was a bit noisy; elevator or some ac machine is making some good noise. Location wise it is good, very close to restaurants, trader joes etc (2 minutes walking).
3	Nothing special but nothing bad to say either. It's your basic Courtyard and it's location warns great for the office I visit when I am out in Phoenix.
4	Room was clean as I would expect.  Walked up and down the halls a few times and a some of the rooms were pretty loud. It as soon as I closed my door I couldn't hear anything!  Just the way it should be!
4	Not bad...typical Courtyard. Prices are too high at the Bistro (but they are in all the Bistro's in Courtyards). There were no microwaves or refrigerators which was kind of a let down..glad I didn't buy foodstuffs before I checked in like I usually do...
4	As far as rooms and facilities, this Marriot is exactly what I expected. The rooms were very clean, there is a cafe  in the lobby, and they have a nice patio. What stood out at this particular facility is how friendly everyone was. The front desk, cafe employees, and housekeepers were all very friendly, professional, and efficient. I was always greeted and welcomed on my return, the front desk clerk went out of her way to serve me from the cafe when I had missed the closing time by 5 minutes, and the gentleman working at the cafe made sure my fruit cup had fresh fruit. It is a strangely located hotel in that it is in a strip mall. If you're a bargain shopper the fact that it is DIRECTLY next door to Nordstrom Rack may be a bonus. There is also a Mexican fast food place, Pot Belly, Five Guys, and a Trader Joe's in the same strip mall.
3	Very hard to find.  I drove half way around the shopping center before I found it.  It is just to the right of Twin Peaks restaurant.  That right there is a benefit.  Stumble out the front door and grab a beer and an appetizer, no cab needed.Seven miles to the airport.  Took me longer to wait for the rental shuttle to get me to the airport than it did to return the car.I did not sleep well because the room was too warm.  I like to sleep at 62 to 65 degrees.  Room never got below 70, despite setting the thermostat.  Not sure if It is the heat outside, or the system is broken.Nice room.
3	The hotel was great because you were able to use the computers, and print informaton. Also conveient for the laundry room and gym. The food at Starbucks not worth it, and to pricey. I rather eat Mcdonalds for breakfast. The a/c didnt work, and the mini refrigator wasnt keeping items cold. I wouldnt recommend this hotel.
3	***This Courtyard is very similar to a lot of the Courtyards out there, which is a good thing, but it does not stand out in many ways with the exception of their very reasonable room rates on weekends***Courtyard Marriotts are very similar state to state.  They are typically in suburban areas and usually feature a 24-hr fitness center, complimentary Wi-Fi and complimentary parking.  They also usually have the same exterior and a three to four floor structure.  The outdoor courtyard is also pretty similar no matter what Courtyard you are staying at.  This Courtyard has all of these characteristics.Where Courtyards can be different is in the lobby.  Most Courtyards (including this one) have converted over to the new Courtyard modern lobby and bistro concept with a variety of seating from communal tables to regular tables and pods/booths.  There are lots of power outlets to make this hotel convenient for business travelers.Courtyard rooms tend to only be slightly different property to property.  The decor tends to be simple and modern but still clean and comfortable.  The nicer and more up-to-date Courtyards may have attractive red bed scarfs (this hotel didn't).  The room was comfortable and clean enough though.  The shower was good too.The A/C unit was an older unit, but if you get their auto temperature working fine, the room is cool enough, which is necessary given the very hot weather in Phoenix.  There were times though when I did wish the room was cooler.Service was fine.  It was friendly but not as friendly as you get at a lot of Courtyards.Room rates are very good here.  Maybe it is because this Courtyard is a 10-minute drive to Downtown Phoenix or that hotel room rates in Phoenix area hotels are just less expensive than equivalent hotels in other big cities (it seemed that Phoenix hotels from Courtyards to full service Marriotts were all very reasonably priced).  A weekend stay here is definitely much less expensive than similar hotels in Portland, San Diego, San Francisco, Las Vegas, or San Jose.This Courtyard is a perfectly fine Courtyard.  It is a very reasonably priced hotel so it makes a great option when staying in Phoenix since it is not that long of a drive to get to key Phoenix attractions.  Given though that many Marriott brand hotels in the Phoenix area are reasonably priced, you may want to consider staying at a more frills full service hotel like the Renaissance and Marriott or options closer to Downtown Phoenix.As mentioned, parking is complimentary.  It is easy finding an open space.
4	I liked it. Great clean room, and bathroom. Didn't like that the bathroom had no fan in it. Good Soap provided. Refrigerator delivered upon request. Good lighting. Spacious closet for my suits to hang in. Quiet hotel, couldn't hear neighbors. They have HBO. Love how convenient all the restaurants are around me. Cafe Rio, 5 Guys, Potbelly, Chilli's, The Parlor (Great Italian food). Shopping; Trader Joe's, Best Buy, Book stores. I would return here.
3	This place is bizarre. Many great qualities alongside not so good ones, hence my middle of the road 3 star rating. First of all the location... it is in what can only be described as a strip mall, in the back of the parking lot. If you are looking for a landmark to spot it, be on the lookout for the restaurant Twin Peaks (whole other story... it is not named after two mountain tops as the logo suggests). When you walk in, the lobby has a modern, clean updated feel with a great little cafe that serves starbucks coffee and also alcoholic beverages. There is no room service so at least there is something that serves good food and drinks easily accessible. In the room, I was pleased to see that there are electrical outlets very clearly accessible on the wall above the nightstand. Finally a hotel that understands people charge their cell phones overnight and keep them next to them while they sleep... what a concept! I am normally THAT person who pulls out the nightstand and unplugs everything from the outlet behind it so I can plug my phone in. Nice not to have to do that. I thought the amenities were sub-par. For one, there was no lotion. What? Small bottles of Paul Mitchell shampoo and conditioner but no lotion. IT IS FREAKING ARIZONA where if you don't moisturize your skin will basically just fall off. In all fairness I did not call the front desk to ask for it. But in my opinion I should not have to ask. I appreciated that there was a fridge but it emitted a very strange odor. I couldn't quite place it but it just smelled off. The hair dryer barely put out any heat or force so it took forever to dry my hair. There was no rack to put your luggage on. The bathroom did not have an exhaust fan. The thermostat had to be wrong. We had to set it to 65 degrees so it was comfortable but there is no way the air temperature was actually 65 degrees. I did not go to the gym but I was told there was 1 machine. On the plus side, the bed was very comfortable with what felt like a tempurpedic top. Even though the location was bizarre it did come in handy to have so many shops and food options within walking distance. I traveled here on business so I did not have to pay the hotel out of pocket. If I did, I would not choose to stay here again.
4	Staff was nice.  Low PricedVery clean!  We played "Hotel Impossible" and pretended we were Anthony Melchiorri.. .the place was SPOTLESS - even on top of the picture frames on the wall!Centrally located - tons of places to walk to.  Whole Foods, Trader Joes, Nordstroms Rack, Blimpies, Dunkin Donuts, etc... all in the same parking lot.Short  drive to GCU campusWe forgot our toothbrushes and toothpaste and the front desk hooked us up with complimentary ones. No free breakfast of any sort, but there's tons of places to eat within a 2-10min walk.I gave it a 4 star because I'm used to Residence Inn and it's definitely not the same, but it was okay and I'd stay again if needed to.
5	Pros: Lots of restaurants and shopping nearby,  Friendly check in, Clean rooms, Covered parking next to the hotel,  Comfortable bed, Nice courtyard with pool, microwave and mini fridge in room.Cons: Hard to find. It's not right on the road. It's tucked back in the corner of the strip mall. Wouldn't hesitate to come back.
4	Your standard Courtyard by Marriot. Nice rooms and always friendly faces when you walk in . The nice qualities that this Courtyard has is the location. Its next to multiple resteraunts ,and coffee bars also they have a pretty active bar seen around this area as well .
