4	I came here looking for simple alternative wedding dresses. None of that fancy floofy white crap for me, thanks! I have to admit I was pretty resistant to the idea of trying on dresses and dragged my feet for a while. But this place is a little boutique and I felt comfortable, it was not the bridal nightmare I have been conditioned to expect.They have a nice selection of different designs in different price ranges. Kind of expensive, but maybe it's not too bad considering a lot of them are hip/non-bridesmaidsy-enough to wear again to other formal occasions. I asked them to take my measurements and they didn't charge me for it, so I'm not sure if they'll want to measure me again and charge me  if/when I go back in to order my dress.I wish they carried more accessory-type goodies, but I guess I'll hit up Etsy for that stuff!
5	Bridesmaid dress shopping - ugh.  Seriously, it just doesn't sound like a pleasant experience... When I think of it, I have an image in my head of bridezilla surrounded by evil friends and sisters - all screaming and shouting and having different opinions.But if you decide you would like bridesmaids dresses for the girls in your wedding party (like I did), it's something you must endure... Luckily, my experience at Twirl was nothing like the image that I'd prepared myself for.  I called ahead and the woman that I spoke to was pleasant.  I called back a few days later to push the time back, and that was not a problem either... and when my sister and I arrived right on time yesterday for our 4pm appointment, we were both extremely happy with the level of service and professionalism that Jessica (the girl who helped us) provided.Twirl has great selection and I was told by my wedding planner that it's the best place to look for bridesmaid dresses in town.  That along with the Yelp reviews that came before mine sold me.  I was told on the phone that the appointments are for one hour... so when the clock struck five, I thought we'd get kicked out.  That wasn't the case at all.  We actually ended up being there for close to two hours.  My sister probably tried on 30 or so dresses.  We narrowed it down to about 7 and then 3 and then 2 and finally... the one!I was expecting the one I chose to be crazy expensive but it was not that bad... the range of the last three was from $180 - $290.  Many of them had discounts if you ordered three or more, and they are having a special for the next two weeks that if you order and put down the deposit (1/2 the cost of the dress), you also get 15% off.I'm taking another one of my bridesmaids in tomorrow, so I'm hoping my experience #2 at Twirl is just as fabulous...
1	I am usually never one to complain, but my best friend (and all 7 of her bridesmaids - myself included) really got jipped by this place. Don't get me wrong, they carry a beautiful variety of dresses, but their customer service is absolutely appalling. Here's what happened:All seven of us got measured by their employees for our Melissa Sweet dresses back in late November. The store model that I tried on fit me perfectly, so they didn't even have to measure me - they just ordered the size I tried on. Another one of the bridemaids actually purchased two dresses (in different colors) because she had to wear it in another wedding this summer. Five months later, the dresses arrive - and they don't fit ANYONE, they are ridiculously small on ALL SEVEN bridesmaids. Rather than owning up to her measuring mistake, the owner for lack of better words told the bride that ALL SEVEN bridesmaids must have gained weight (thanks a lot, lady!).Since I wasn't even measured, I asked if I could try on the store model that fit me so well back in November. When I did, it STILL fit me perfectly. I was then told "the dress has been tried on so many times, so the fabric tends to stretch." Well then why wasn't I told this when I ordered it?I have been a bridesmaid in several weddings and I understand that sometimes dresses need alterations. But what was disappointing was how the owner refused to take responsibility, pointed the finger at all of us for "gaining weight," and made all of us pay for our own alterations.Oh, and remember the bridesmaid that bought the same dress in a different color for another wedding? ALL FIVE of that bride's bridesmaids had the same exact problem. Hmm.. interesting...When your big day comes, this is the last thing you'll want to deal with - save yourself (and bridesmaids) the trouble and shop somewhere else.
5	Just a quick update... it's been almost three months since my initial review for Twirl.  While there was a glitch in ordering a dress for an upcoming wedding that I'm in (think major delay in it arriving), the ladies at Twirl went above and beyond to take good care of me...While my dress was extremely delayed and at one point, we weren't sure if it would arrive in time, they made up for the delay by comping me a couture dress just in case.  They couldn't have been more apologetic or sweeter to deal with, and it worked out just fine... my dress arrived and it's being altered as I type.  Just in time for the wedding I need it for!In addition, my bridesmaid's dresses arrived early, and they are more beautiful than I remembered.Thanks again, Twirl, for taking such good care of me and my girls!  I'll post pics of all of the dresses asap!
1	I agree with Kristen.    I was there with my girlfriend, who is a bridesmaid in my sisters wedding, and the owner was very condesending about an issue my girlfriend had.   While it wasn't a big issue, we were talked down to and made to feel like idiots.    I recommend going any other shop where they will be happy to help you, and make you feel special for your special occassion, and you will not have any issues, glitches, or wrong dress sizes.
4	I would definetly recommend this store if you are looking for nice bridesmaid dresses and you are willing to spend $.  The dresses are on the expensive side, but they only do bridesmaid dresses so they have a ton of options.  The young women who work there are super friendly and make you feel right at home!
5	Great little boutique.  All bridesmaid gowns.  Very pretty, nice lines, a bit more expensive 200-300 on average but honestly the quality is worth it (some of the cheaper lines at other stores just bring out every bump and flaw you have).  I only saw the girl at the front desk but she was very helpful and pleasant, made me feel comfortable.  I think I'm planning to buy at another salon because I liked the dress color there better, but I still wanted to review Twirl.
4	I went to Twirl Scottsdale for my bridesmaids dresses because they were one of two shops in the whole valley who carried the designer I wanted.  The dresses were pricey, but beautiful.  I spoke with the salespeople at Twirl many times and visited many times as I made my decision on the dresses.  They were very helpful and patient for the most part, but sometimes they could have an attitude or not call back when they say they would.  One of my bridesmaids lives out of state and Twirl could ship her dress to her when it came in.  Our dresses arrived at their store two days before Christmas.  They called and left a message to let me know they were ready for pickup.  My out of state bridesmaid was out of town for an extended period of time for the holidays, so I wanted to make sure they didn't ship the dress to her yet.  I didn't get the message right away and by the time I called a couple of hours later, they had already shipped the dress out to my friend out of state.  They didn't check with me first to make sure it was still ok to ship, and it was a holiday weekend.  Needless to say, her dress sat on her porch for two weeks in rainy weather; but luckily, it was not damaged in any way.  I felt they could have put more thought into that one.  But overall, I had a good experience with them.
3	I had an appointment at Twirl to look for bridesmaids' dresses for my wedding.  I arrived with my maid of honor a few minutes before our appointment time.  They asked us to leave and come back because they were having a staff meeting. We were 5 minutes early, so we went and got a coffee a few stores down.  We returned at the appointment time and they shooed us off, saying it would be a little longer.  They didn't let us back in until 15 minutes after our appointment time.   This irritated me, specifically because it was for a staff meeting.  I could understand if my appointment had been delayed because another customer's appointment had gone long, but not for a staff meeting.  Needless  to say, we did not feel valued as potential customers.  The saleswoman proceeded to call me by  the wrong name 3 times, even after I nicely corrected her.Pros: The dress selection was nice.  They had some beautiful  badgley mischkas.   Cons: Lacking in customer service.Eventually,  I ended up choosing bridesmaid dresses from BCBG, and not from Twirl, because I found some dresses I liked better there.
1	While at first I was very happy with the service at Twirl, it wasn't until TODAY I received an email saying that they closed down and all deposits for the bridesmaid dresses will be LOST! no refunds. I am annoyed, angry, stressed, but most of all hurt by the fact that a company can just walk away and ruin a wedding so easily. Now I am on the hunt for new bridesmaid dresses, as well as now having to pay money out of my own pocket so my bridesmaid won't have to pay the $300 they had initially put down (FYI, I HAVE 9 OF THEM)....I am looking into legal action
1	My sister, Falin (see below user) found a bridesmaid dress here that she wanted for her wedding. And out of nowhere, they send her an email this past week saying they were closed and there were no refunds!  This was after several of the bridesmaids already paid for half the dress and some the full amount!  No one is returning our calls in either of their stores in Kentucky or Arizona.I firmly believe they knew they were closing down and still accepted all of our payments without delivering ANY of the dresses. Plus when I went to be fitted, the girl was rude.
