2	I bought a Groupon for Johnny Rockets and it's about to expire so we stopped here on the way home from a show to use it.  My wife ordered the BBQ chicken bacon melt and I got the Philly Cheese Steak with peppers and mushrooms.  Both came with unlimited french fries.  We also got two large fries.The sandwiches were OK.  Nothing exceptional nor were they less than anywhere else.  The fries were not salted after frying and they were dry and didn't hold salt once we got them.  Aside from that, it is a fast food court with a pizza shop and the staff went between the two as needed.  You place your order, are given a buzzer, and you get your tray when the buzzer goes off.The sandwiches are overpriced.  Perhaps they're covering themselves from people who take advantage of the unlimited fries.  The service was slow.  There was one person ahead of us and we waited about 5 minutes for fast food.  Not good.  In addition, there are no plastic forks or knives available without asking.  I had to ask for artificial sweetener for the iced teas.  I could pay the same amount I paid tonight at many other sit down restaurants where I have servers bring my food in a much more appealing atmosphere.If you're a fan of Johnny Rockets and buy a Groupon, it's best for a person going alone.  Use the Groupon to almost pay your entire tab at about 1/2 price.  That would be about what it's worth.  Johnny, I met you once.  I won't be back.
2	Prices not worth the product, should have gone to 5 guys. This location doesn't have the decor and 50's vibe that most locations due. Had a groupon, but spent much more than I saved. Not really anything wrong with the food, just not worth the price tag.
1	If I could give this place a 1/2 a star I would. I never will get anyone who thinks $10 for a burger in this town is 'OK' or an eight dollar shake. I used a groupon and it still cost my wife and I $20+ bucks. There's  way better places in this town to have a out of this world burger, and folks this ain't one of them.   First if all I hate spending this kind of dough when I'm not being served. Second our food sat in a window for 5 min while some guy took over 3 orders. "really guy" come on. This location sucked ball ass too. Place Station sucks. Non-Union. It shows.  I have another shit-poun for this place I won't be using. Johnny Rockers. More like Johnny Crockers. I was like why do people think this is so great? I should of read the Yelp reviews before I bought 2 groupons to this shit hole. Won't happen again. After reading the reviews people had the same complaints. Way over priced.  People always think the more expensive it is the better it is. Not in this case. I felt the more I got ripped off.
1	I debated about whether to write this review at all, as I realize that if you can't say something nice don't say it at all, however this is a platform for the good and the bad. And well here, it is just bad. I was so sad I had to come here in the first  place as it was not my choice. I was going to get the chicken salad that they show on their online menu, however salad was not offered. So then there was no chicken sandwiches on the menu, which again is on the online menu. The cashier (possible manager?) said he would substitute chicken in for any of the hamburgers. So I bought the original with chicken instead of beef. Just wasn't in a beef mood. The cost was $8.95 + tax for a sad little grilled chicken sandwich with a underwhelming portion of cold fries. I would normally ask for hot fries but service was so horrible and I being on my lunch hour knew it would take an inordinate amount of time for me to get any fries that were hot. So I ate the small portion of cold fries. As to the sandwich again, just bad, the grilled chicken was okay, not fresh, but whatever... but my bun was really dry and fell apart. I didn't even take a picture to share because I was just so disgusted. Sodas are also $3, I just got water. I asked for ranch dressing for the fries, they didn't charge me but took forever to get it. The cook put the ranch in the window and the server (using that term loosely) just walked away - I was three feet away from my ranch separated by a counter and I had to wait for the snail pace server to come back to that side of the restaurant. There is a pizza place joined with the Johnny Rocket's and the employees apparently work both sides, so if people are on the other side you are in for a really long wait. So sad that $9 and lunch was wasted here.
1	I had the groupon for $6 for $12 and just thought to go for dinner with my boyfriend one night. We got to the counter and the guy at the counter walked away before taking our order! 5 minutes later another guy walked up and asked if anybody had taken out order. We said no, and explained that we would be using a groupon. He took our order and did everything needed for the groupon. $11 (plus the cost of the groupon) for two burgers and fries, but no drinks, as a poor college student is ALOT of money. It took 20 minutes for the guy to give our order to the wrong people, and another 5 minutes for him to realize his mistake. At this point the other people had our burgers at their table and already got condiments on their plates! He took that order back and served it to me and my boyfriend! THAT'S ILLEGAL! I had watched the people that had our food and they hadn't touched the burgers yet and I didn't want to wait another half hour for a burger so I was going to eat it anyways because I was already sick of this place.I opened the burger wrapper and there was a plastic bread bag fastener ON THE BURGER!! I took it up to the supervisor and he laughed and pointed at the cook and said "I'll go kill him" laughed more and walked away! I stayed there for a few more minutes to see if he would give me another burger or my money back, but he just ignored me. So we left. This isn't the only location that I have had crappy service.
1	This Johnny Rockets location is far the poorest and worse service I've ever been to. The tables are not cleaned, garbage can is full, floor is not mopped, service is slow. I remember ordering from a supervisor (his name tag had a supervisor title on it) and he was pretty rude and did not give customer service skills when I asked him about two of the burgers. To make things worse. I waited about 15-20 for a dumb burger. Go somewhere else if you want to save time or hungry.
1	Just a terrible experience. $15 for a single fries and a drink. The wait is too long because the employee has to serve at the adjoining pizza place. When I got my burger the meat was raw. Shame on Johny rickets for overpriced under cooked food!
