3	New place in an old KFC.  Nice and clean with 3 booths and 4 tables.  Probably more of a take out place. The person taking the orders and delivering the food was very nice and friendly.  The menu lists it a #1 of 4 family locations in other Pittsburgh neighborhoods but the name did not come on up any searches, so probably have different names. The Hunan Beef and Chicken Lo Mein where pretty good.  The Hunan had a little heat/spice and had some fresh veggies and some canned veggies.
2	Got a take out on a sunday evening. We ordered a bunch of different stuffs (veg. Lo Mein, fried rice, egg drop soups and general tso (obviously). Besides the general tso, all others tasted kind of bland.
5	Thank you Asian Cafe! My family and I moved here to Pittsburgh a year ago and desperately have been seeking good Chinese food... then we stumbled across this gem of a place. The location is new and it tells. When you walk in it's fresh and clean and it quite frankly looks new. So initially I was worried since this was a new place with no reputation making a go of it. WOW was I surprised! The family that runs the location is FROM CHINA!!! Actual legit Chinese food done by people from China who know how it's supposed to look, taste and feel when it crossed the teeth to your tongue. They were friendly and very nice folks who showed passion for their restaurant and customers happiness.On to the food... we had take out and man the drive home was torture! The smell of the food was intoxicating and made my mouth water. Then at the table I was met with even greater surprise when I unpacked the bag... GREAT PORTION SIZE!! Just to preface this I am 6'3" and 260 lbs not a little guy. I had the Pad Thai, egg foo yung and crab rangoon. My wife the happy family, daughter chicken lo mein, my son sweet and sour chicken and a couple of egg rolls. Pretty standard fare from a Chinese restaurant so either easy to screw up or do decently enough to pass. To my utter delight not only did they nail every single dish but knocked it completely out of the park! Add the delicious flavorful nature of the dishes, cooked with real expert touch and authentic Chinese roots, the portion sizes that not only could I not finish but had to share and still have left overs in the fridge drive me to write a review about the wonderful experience my family and I had eating their well prepared food!So as I said the food... my Pad Thai was slightly sweet and slightly spicy. Just the right amount of heat to a well done dish. My Egg Foo Yung was spot on and for lack of a better description authentically prepared with the perfect satisfying umami. My wife's Happy Family was just that a happy family of flavors that exploded in your mouth leaving you wanting more after each bite but wait the portion was so ample you couldn't finish it. My daughters Chicken Lo Mein was outstanding, the noodles were tender but not mushy and it tasted spot on. Finally my son's Sweet & Sour Chicken was PERFECT!! The chicken was crisp and crunchy on the outside (literally it crunches as you chew it) but moist and tender on the inside with a standard sweet n sour sauce that seemed transcendent as the food was so fantastic.  Again THANK YOU Asian Cafe for the amazing food, great portions, and enjoyable atmosphere. Your authentic, flavorful, and expertly cooked food was treat.
4	This is a pretty good Chinese place among many in the South Hills. Their pineapple duck is pretty good and generously portioned as is their steamed dumplings. I recommend them for takeout.
5	So it's Sunday Mother's Day and my wife REALLY wants some Chinese! Off to the wonderland of Asian Cafe! Again never ever a disappointment... The Pad Thai was vibrant, tasty, a hint of sweetness, and an enjoyable level of heat the way it's supposed to be! My wife's Red Curry chicken was also flavorful and brilliant. To top it all off I haven't personally been in for a few months and the woman behind the counter remembered me and as was my previous experiences she was a delight! Thank you again for another fantastic Chinese meal!
4	We tried this place on a friend's recommendation.  Glad we did!  Nice variety of menu items (some Thai and Chinese).  Favorite item was the Bangkok Shrimp, but it is pretty spicy!  Next favorite would be the Kung Pao Combo, which states it is spicy on the menu, but I only found it to have a medium kick to it.  So good!  Fav appetizer would be the Crab Rangoon.  The woman who usually works the counter and answers the phone is so very friendly....total sweetheart.  They also give you cans of soda, randomly, with your order.  We usually order enough for 2-3 people and always bring home 3 cans of soda.
4	Since I've been splitting my time in places other than Pittsburgh, I was happy to see Asian Cafe in the old KFC/Taco Bell in Castle Shannon. The fried rice, (pork, and chicken), have become a favorite for my daughter. I enjoy the fried rice, because it looks like rice, untouched by sizzling amounts of soy sauce. It's a nice balance of meat, vegetables, and rice. We're actually fans of  tofu, and on our last trip, ordered the Buddha's Bean Curd (deep fried tofu), and Bean Curd Szechuan style. Both tofu dishes were good, but the tougher, chewy texture of deep fried tofu might be unimpressive to people not fans of tofu to begin with. The Szechuan style tofu came with some broccoli florets, in a brown sauce, I requested extra spicy, but found it not spicy enough for me. We'll be back to try more, on the nice sized menu, maybe something Thai.
4	I just recently moved to the area and have been looking for a good place for Chinese food and this is the place. Don't be discouraged by the outside because the inside is nicely put together and very clean. And the food is really good in my opinion.
5	We tried the Asian cafe over sesame in Tonight to save a little money and time- what an amazing choice!  We got plenty of food with leftovers and it was all very delicious!  Their menu has a lot to offer and I look forward to trying more dishes!
1	The thai food was not good. The crab rangoons were edible. The pad thai was terrible.  The chicken seemed fake. I love thai food and can pretty much eat any sort of noodle dish, but I just threw it away. Maybe their Chinese food is better?
