1	A few weeks ago this location was having a special on first time hair cuts. I needed one so I went for it. I received one of the worst cuts of my life. When I pointed out issues the girl just kept making it worse. I complained to the salon manager who then did as much repair as possible and told me to give it a few weeks to grow and the next cut would be free. I just got off the phone with this location. the manager is no longer with them and there is no record of my visits. This is crappy customer service. to top it off the original hair butcher sent me a "come back and see us" card stuffed with coupons. Great! except the coupons had expired. Really?My advise, Stay away!
3	I usually like Ulta but my experience at this particular location was just ok. I saw their ad for a buy 2 get 1 free offer so I decided to stock up. They had the product on an end cap and in the aisle and both areas had the big promo sign. When I went to check out it didn't ring up as the promo price and I explained to the cashier. We went to look at the sign together and he told me "If you read the fine print you will see it does not include promotional items". I did not see the fine print and my item did have a sample attached to it. I apologized and said ok but then why do you have the promo items with the sign on an end cap and he walked away and left me standing there!  A manager had to come and help me and checked me out and gave me the promo price because she agreed with what I was saying.  She had to remove the sign. I couldn't believe that he walked away while I was still standing there asking. Kudos to the manager that helped me and corrected it by removing that sale sign but to the cashier....rude.
1	This location is just ok- went there today to get some body shop camomile makeup remover but they have no BS stock at all..the cashier at front has no personality and was clearly struggling with making change during checkout. No one greeted or offered to help me in locating products, seems like hardly any staff at all at the store. I don't think I'm coming back to this location due to this experience, there are many more locations with better, vibrant knowledgeable staff.
