1	I went to this store and they do a great talk, but once they get there boxes in your house. SMH nothing is right, no channels, wrong movies channels, nothing they said I would get was right. For two mouth I went into the and they continue to say "we're sorry, we did your account wrong" then they say we're discount my account every month. Now that I'm sick of there poor service, I'm going back to directv. Cox is telling me that I'm in a contract with them! WTF!! You guys fuck'n suck! Fuck you for your bullshit, and getting me in a contract which I never agreed to.. Employees don't make you feel welcome and they BS you like crazy.. There all lazy and play on there phones and sleep on the job while customers need help. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS STORE OR THIS PIECE OF SHIT BUSINESS!!
5	Look, we all know Cox sucks. In fact they are a terrible business and their practices are laughable. However they are a necessary evil if you want Internet that isn't garbage that can handle streaming/gaming. The way they handle issues over the phone is worse than Comcast, and for all my east coast brothers/sisters you know what a serious accusation that is. It all started with shitty TV Service. My household went through 4 dvr boxes. 4. That all broke. All of them. 100's of hours of TV. Lost. Every. Single. Time. Their solution? Downgrade from contour. That's their genius solution. So my solution? Upgrade to Dish for TV. PROBLEM SOLVED. However they charged us $200 to disconnect claiming we were on a contract. Nope, disputed that. However to dispute it you have to literally mail a letter to corporate. In the mean time, they cut off my Internet service for pay bills AND THEN DOUBLE CHARGED ME FOR THE INTERNET. WHAT? EXCUSE ME? How does that even make sense? So, an angry phone call and 2 hours on hold, I get the Internet back on because I work from home and to refund the double charged service they have to send a check, via the mail, to a local store. Okay, cool. A week later, let's drive from San tan valley to Gilbert. Once we arrive , turns out the check wasn't mailed. In fact the person helping us via the phone wrote that checks can't be sent to the store, and put a future apology in the notes to us. Thanks Cox cock. So, if you made it this far, why do I give this store 5 stars? The Manager, Mario. That's why. The savior of my people. Stepped in. Saw the crap we went through and listened to my tale. With about 5 minutes of effort , he credited our account for $300. $200 for the bs fee , $50 for the double charge and another $50 just because he was sorry. That's customer service. That's being a great human. He's the man, and my opinion of Cox has changed. ALWAYS GO TO A COX STORE. ALWAYS! They know their stuff and actually care. They are not the call center idiots. They are true experts and will always get the job done. Thank you Mario at the Gilbert Cox Store. Thank you so much
