2	I know rating an arbys is not a great service, but I just wanted to point out a few things...When I arrived, the place was in tip top shape! I mean, everything was clean, in order, etc. Reasoning for this, no one was there!When I ordered, they gave me the wrong fries and the sandwihch was a total mess (see photo attached). And for what I ordered, the price was NOT worth the level of food. The following day I went to a Wendys and spent the same amount on about double the amount of food.I love Arby's, but not for those prices...
3	The Arby's at Whitehall Commons is better than the average Arby's location in decor and presentation; it is one of the few I know where all employees where white dress shirts.  The location is clean, with stations not messy and tables typically cleaned in a timely manner.The food though is typical for an Arby's; the quality is no different from this one with any other location.  I typically never have an issue with orders at the front or drive-thru areas.  They also accept coupons that locals receive in mailers.  Overall, it's an okay location, though I believe that people never plan to go to Arby's, they just happen to go on a whim.  Whatever the case may be, it should be alright.
3	My girlfriends and I stopped in for a quick lunch Saturday and was pleasantly surprised by the food and service from this location.We walked in and the place was pretty empty but very clean. We were immediately greeted by Christina who ended up taking our order and giving excellent customer service.We were starving and a lot of the newer items on the menu seemed very tempting! Christina went over several items and we settled on the turkey bacon and ranch wrap, fish sandwich and regular roast beef sandwich.We waited because they had to prepare everything after we order, but I don't mind waiting for hot food! And Christina brought everything out to us and made sure we had everything we needed to enjoy our meal. My friend let me try some of her wrap. It was delicious the ranch dressing has a bit of a kick and it comes with a good amount of turkey, lettuce and tomatoes. I ordered the fish sandwich was really good, crispy on the outside pretty good with a little ketchup and lettuce. I love the seasoned fries, especially when they are hot and fresh! I didn't try the roast beef, but from what my friend said it was pretty delicious! I was pleasantly surprised with how the service was at this location. And hot food is always a winner in my book. So I'm sure to stop in again!
4	This Arby's location is surprisingly very clean! I've gone to this location a lot over the past year(I'm a huge fan of Arby's) and it's always been clean. It's also pretty empty every time I go as well. It's quiet and their service is usually pretty quick. They normally don't have their food just sitting around, they make it to order so it's nice and hot when it get it. They even tell you you can sit down and they'll bring it out to you.Their chicken is actually really good and I highly recommend it. Overall I think this is a really great location(in a business area with Walmart, Lowes, and Bi-Lo) and it's easy to relax and eat your food.
4	I stopped by this Arby's yesterday because I wanted to grab something for a quick bite last night... They have so many new items on the menu and I figured I'd give them a shot... I ordered the Mighty Minis, which are basically sliders with roast beef or turkey and topped with different things... I picked the spicy option that comes with jalapeno ranch and pepperjack cheese... The thing is, I hate ranch... I think it's one of the worst things I've ever encountered... Okay, it's not that serious, but I just don't like it... So clearly, I ordered my minis without ranch... It came out on the receipt as no ranch, but when I got it home, guess what I found?  Yep.  Ranch.  Ick.  lol  Luckily, the boyfriend loves ranch probably about as much (if not more) than I hate it, so I let him have those... I called the store back and let them know I was coming back to buy the ranch free minis... The person on the phone was fantastic and let me know she'd take care of it... I walked in and they apologized for the mix-up and had the sandwiches ready... They didn't even charge me and gave me an extra set of minis... Great customer service, guys... I've been coming here whenever I get a craving for the past few months and it's always been a pleasant experience... Their sanitation scores are always high, the workers are a joy and the food is super tasty... Way to be, Arby's... Way to be...
4	Hello friends,This is the first time I've been to this location. Located near O'Charles. I'm on a milkshake kick. They have a milkshake that name slips my mind at the time. But......it was good.Very clean and nice service. I love there curly fries.
3	I've been popping in to this Arby's for a while now. It's clean and it's efficient. They have a decent drive through. The condiments are always well stocked. And I've yet to have a problem with any of my to go orders. Today - roast beef with cheddar, curly fries and a jamocha shake. What's not to like?The windows are very shaded, so it might sometimes look like the place is closed.
4	I never was a big fan of this chain, but found myself pleasantly surprised with this one. The signs on the window for a really big fish fillet was the lure..  Their fish sandwich is spectacular. Large, hot and succulent. They will see me again....
