5	This hotel was formerly named Hotel Sierra before it was acquired by Hyatt. Stayed here during a business trip to Charlotte and was absolutely blown away by this place. I had low expectations as it was listed as a 3 and half star hotel, but the experience turned out to be anything but.Upon walking into the lobby I was greeted by some of the friendliest staff i've ever come across in a hotel. The lobby is one of the most modern I've sen at any hotel. Very new age and has a lounge feel. When I got to my room, i was shocked to see that everything in the room was brand new and spotless. It came with a full kitchen equipped with a stove, family size refrigerator and microwave. There was a 32 inch plasma, brand new couch and  one of the most comfortable hotel beds i've ever slept on. The location is perfect as it's located right in the middle of the uptown area and is actually right across the street from the Charlotte Bobcat arena. I was able to walk to all meetings and restaurants.This hotel is truly awesome. I sincerely hope they stay on top of their game because I will certainly be staying here on my next trip to charlotte. This is a must stay if you're going to Charlotte!
5	Stayed here to take the National Board of Examiners in Optometry exam so got good negotiated rates. The testing center was less than a 10 minute walk from the hotel. The hotel itself was very nice and had a great complementary breakfast every morning. They even have someone making omelettes for you!
5	We stayed at this hotel to take part III of NBEO. Discounted to $137/night after tax. - Take the bus. There is a bus that got us from the airport to the hotel and back. one way is $2. bring exact change. Comes every 30min. Check website. Take CTC. - If you don't want to take the bus, I believe they have car service at the same rate as a taxi, but fancier since you'll be in a nice leather seated SVU. - Walk to NBEO. 10min. Travel down trade and make a L on College St and when you see the BB&T, enter and go to the 20th floor. - Free breakfast from 6am-9am daily. Eggs, bacon, pancakes, meat patty, potatoes, and fruits. Pretty good. Chef makes omelet for a tip. - Small but nice pool. No spa. 7th floor.- Great gym. 7th floor.- Complementary computer use and printing. - Double queen: Flat screen, mircowave, fridge, boring view, coffee maker, free toothpaste. Comfortable bed. Lots of pillows. - Right next door to the Time Warner Arena. Go Bobcats!- EPICenter nearby to relax n grab food and drinks- Friendly staff. Always happy to say "enjoy your stay" and "we're please that you're staying with us"
4	Super impressive!  I came here to hang out with some friends staying downtown for NYE.  I spent a lot of time in the lobby and it is a pretty nice lobby to spend some time in.  Not exactly sure when Hyatt opened up, but it is another great option if you are looking to stay downtown.  It is right next to Time Warner Cable Arena and well withing walking distance to the Epicenter.The rooms are pretty set up with a kitchenette set up and nice couch and tv area.  Felt very comfortable with a "home-away-from-home" atmosphere.  I'm liking the newer hotel designs where you just don't walk into a bed once you open the door.Hotel has it's own parking deck with complementary parking if you are staying there, otherwise there is plenty of street parking or lot parking around to park and then walk up to the lobby bar to meet people.
4	There are few times I get the opportunity to endulge in a lavish hotel such as the Hyatt in uptown. This place really did have a great layout and great accomodations.  Although I definitely paid for it ($320 for NYE), I did think that it was vaguely justified. Very comparably, a similar room in the Tropicana in Atlantic City had cost $600 the year before and the style of this room definitely had it beat. Although a mere 300sqft (?), had a full kitchen, full bed, full bath, and slight common area with enough space to fit a couch without being cramped. Lobby and bar are also very nice. Great location. Unfortunately it was not made aware to me in advance that my room fees did not incorporate the mandatory valet and associated fees, with any on-site parking. They do not let you park your own car in their garage. Felt great to get slapped with another $25 in addition to that room cost. Why they don't rope that in right off the bat is beyond me, other than to make thier rates look lower. Watch out for that.NYE was probably their biggest night of the year I'm sure. The computers kept crashing while trying to check in, and although the capacity for valet was overbooked, they seemed to be on top of it.I also hated needing the damn room key to operate the elevator. I had to go down to the lobby 5 times to bring people up to the room, from the 17th floor, mind-you. Overall, I really did enjoy my stay and would come back again I'm sure. Highly recommended. Especially if you have a AAA discount or Orbitz/ Priceline (not valid on NYE unfortunately).
1	Hello friends,SIDE NOTE: we were here on 11/24/12 & I'm just writing this review to give me time to calm down. This is one of my few low light reviews. We were surprised with a free nights stay on our wedding day. So naturally it was only a small amount of time here since I was the day of. 1st- the valet parking! We were in the middle of the street behind 2 other cars waiting to be acknowledged. After about 7 mins some guy walks out and begins the "valet parking" took way too long and seemed unorganized. 2nd- when checking in the front desk was very cheerful and knew our names. Cool. In talking to her she upgraded our room to the (I forgot) package/deal/room. Cool. We got to the room and was blown away. Very nice and spacious. The indoor pool was feet away (but closed).  After the long day we wanted to get undresses and changed to hit the streets. Well HERE'S THE 2 star Part. It went DOWN from there. All the way down. There was long blond hairs in the shower. On the couch. Dirty carpet. Some type substance on the remote control. Stains on the coffee maker. The bed had imprints in it that would make you think someone had been lounging on it before we got there. Bathroom floor was dirty. We called the front desk and told her (at this time it was a new shift. I think her name was Tina). We sat and sat for over 36 minutes waiting for someone to come clean.It took so long we forgot that we called. Called back and she acted as if this was news to her. Waited even longer. At this time I'm almost about to lose my religion. After all this is our wedding day. It was probably the worst night n a room (except for well... Ya know) I've had. The service was slacking from the "valet parking" to the guy finally cleaning the bathroom. Tub. Floor. Sink. Etc. I don't do bad reviews much nor often but THIS was the pits. Maybe on any other night but wedding night and the fact that they knew this made me loath this place. When checking out I was asked how was it. My answer was simply BAD!! I explained and asked for the managers info only to be told/giving some lame card with basic info. I haven't heard back from the management. See my pictures. Had this day not been one of my best in life, this experience would have made me go postal. Woosaaahhh
5	Absolutely beautiful hotel with extremely nice and accommodating staff!  Wonderful experience from check-in to check-out.  Room was very nice and clean with a mini fridge in case you bring your own food/drinks and a large flat screen tv.  The breakfast every morning is great compared to the usual hotel breakfast.  They even have someone making made-to-order omelettes!!  I highly recommend this hotel....great experience!
1	Horrible.  no room service after 11pm.... You offer and advertise a full bar? But after 11 a guest can order a crappy pizza and have it delivered to the front desk.  That is it?   Very very far from ANY uptown upscale hotel offering .
4	This was a boutique hotel and Hyatt took it over. It has some of the features of a boutique still with the services of a Hyatt. The decor is modern and fun, the lobby bar is small but nice and the meeting rooms were well appointed - the food and banquet services were great. I was staying here for a business event - the room was cute, had a small kitchen, living room and bed.. floor to ceiling windows and a nice view of uptown Charlotte.Only draw back is that their are only two elevators for the entire building, so when everyone left the meeting and was headed to dinner - we all wanted to go to our rooms to drop off items and then go back to the lobby and it took forever to get elevators.
4	I really, really love this place and everyone is always overwhelmingly nice (even the valet guys when I forget it's valet only and don't have cash to tip with...)  Extremely modern decor, yet homey and welcoming, and anytime I've asked for something, they get it for me, including a king bed over a queen without charging extra.  The pillows, beds, couches, and everything else are extremely comfortable and free wi-fi!  It's never been warm enough to test the pool but it looks really fun.  My only complaints: parking is valet only and it's $22/night (though it is right downtown), the food is pretty terrible and not vegetarian friendly, and the gym is kinda under-equipped (but this isn't overly fair since it's just a hotel gym, not a real gym - and it even provides warm towels so this is just me being picky.)  Since the only one of these complaints that's really legit is the food, it gets four stars - 4.5 if I could.
4	I like staying here in Charlotte. Even though it is close to the arena, it is still quiet. The staff is incredibly friendly and even the valets called me by name.The omelette bar is solid in the mornings and the coffee is always hot.  Come early on the weekends as Saturday morning can get a little nutty, especially if there was a game the night before.
5	I really enjoyed my two nights' stay here while I was in town for work. The room was cozy with a little kitchenette.I was happy to find a coin laundry on the 7th floor as I had been on the road for over a week and needed to wash a few things.The staff were friendly and helpful.The hotel is in walking distance to so many bars and restaurants and a CVS. Since I didn't have a car, it was very convenient for me. There is also a bike kiosk not too far from the front door on Trade St.I would definitely stay here again.
5	One of the best small hotel experiences ever.  The vibe is slightly boutique-ish but not at all stuffy.  Here are some of the highlights of my stay.- Reasonable price per night for what you get.  See next bullet point.- Free breakfast 6-9am!  And not just any breakfast... bacon, eggs, sausage, french toast or pancakes, omelette bar (!!!), fruits, yogurt, cottage cheese, cereal, pastries, oj, apple juice, coffee, and tea.  Very impressed!  It is located right in the dining room in the lobby.  A great way to utilize the lounge area in the morning.- Trendy and modern decorations.  Very young.- Close to everything in Uptown Charlotte.  If you are going to take the NBEO Part 3 this is great because you won't have to worry about breakfast and the walk is close by.- Epicenter is across the street.  Plenty of food options and shopping.- Front desk staff was so nice!  Always greeted whenever we entered or left.  It's the little things that count.I had a great stay and would recommend this hotel to anyone who is visiting Charlotte.
4	Stayed here for the first time on the night we attended a show at TWC Amphitheatre.  My wife and I both came away impressed with the entire experience.  The vibe is modern, the room well appointed with a kitchenette that included a full size fridge, microwave, two burner stove and the staff is really friendly from the front desk to the housekeeping staff.  We rode the elevator at one point with a member of housekeeping and she went out of her way to make sure our stay was going well, making us feel welcome, making sure we knew about the pool/lounging type area on the 7th floor.All in all Hyatt House rates now as one of our favorite "getaway in town" destinations.  It won't supplant the Ritz-Carlton on the list but that's apples to oranges.  Easily knocks the Omni and Hilton down a peg.
5	This is my new favorite hotel. Everything I ever wanted in a hotel I found at Hyatt House. I stayed for the weekend. When you pull up to the front of the hotel there is no cul-de-sac. You have to pull up to the valet which is located in there parking lot on the side. That's fine, the guys were pleasant. Front desk greeted us with a smile and warm welcome. I was impressed by the lay out of the lobby. Trendy, chic and inviting. It's also where they serve the free breakfast. That is the icing on the cake. Not too many hotels in the city serve free hot breakfast. The breakfast staff was friendly and busy at making sure the food was stocked. You can order an omelette to your liking, real potatoes, sausage/bacon, grits, cereal, muffins, French toast, hot coffee/tea you can tell the breakfast was to my liking.Housekeeping always said Hello. The rooms were more spacious then a regular hotel room. It's set up like a studio apt. Love that they provided stainless steel appliances (fridge, dishwasher, oven, dish-ware, glasses, utensils). The sofa which is a pull out was comfortable, 42" flat screen, tasteful carpet and drapes, very comfortable king bed w/ nicely colored linens. The room looked and felt so comfortable we did not want to leave.The hotel is right next door to TIme Warner arena. You can walk a few blocks to the Epic center. As a matter of fact you can leave your car park and walk to the various restaurants, clubs and the Blumenthal theater. Bravo Hyatt House. You sure know the meaning of hospitality. Looking forward to my next visit.
4	We spent Saturday night at the Hyatt and really enjoyed the stay.  The hotel was clean, modern and upscale.  Perfect for the girls getaway that we chose it for.  A couple of items to note:  breakfast runs until 10am on weekends and they have a made to order omelet bar.  Valet parking is $22, but if you are willing to walk a couple of blocks, you can easily park on the street (for free on weekends).  You also have a full size fridge in your room, which was nice for chilling our Prosecco.Only a few little gripes:  as previously mentioned, there is NO sun at the pool.  There are also not chairs to lay down on, only to sit on.  They do not have Coca Cola for sale in the little convenience store, so if you don't prefer Pepsi, bring your own to keep in the fridge.  The location is right by the bus station, which makes it feel a bit sketch when you walk outside.  Lastly, there is a sign in the room that if you forgot a phone charger, they have you covered.  EXCEPT they don't have any chargers for Apple products.  All in all, it was a nice hotel and for the price I would stay here anytime I am in Charlotte.
5	The best hotel I've ever stayed in!The design/decor is VERY contemporary.  I was in awe from the start.The Service - was great, the receptionists in front were VERY polite, and very helpful.  During the complimentary hot breakfast, everyone nearby was incredibly helpful.  They took dirty plates out of my hands very quickly, and asked to bring me things that I could get on my own!  The bartender was also very kind.Hot Breakfast - was delicious.  I couldn't believe the quality in this free breakfast.  There's an omelette station, a yogurt bar, a coffee station.  What more can you ask for?The Room - was amazing.  I felt like I was in Barney Stinson's apartment.  Very fancy, very modern.  The TV was 42", with several HBO channels.  They have a full kitchen also!  The Location - was perfect.  It's near the bus station, near the light rail, and you can get to the Airport on the Sprinter very conveniently.  Also, you're right in Uptown, Charlotte.  Worked out well.Great hotel!  Five stars!!!
4	I spent three days at the Hyatt House last weekend for business and I was very impressed.  My thoughts:  1. Everyone at the front desk was incredibly friendly.  Every time I needed a cab or directions they were extremely accommodating.  2. The breakfast in the morning is great!  The menu includes eggs, sausage, potatoes, grits, granola, fruits, baked goods and a variety of drinks.   3. The bar is very nice.  I had a great experience with one bartender and a decent experience with the next (she was extremely slow and didn't really pay attention to me).  The wine list isn't large, but the bar covers the basics.  4. The bar/room service menu is great!  I had an awesome harvest salad and my brother had quesadillas.  Bomb.  5. My room was AWESOME.  The room had a living room kitchen, bedroom, large closet and beautiful bedroom.  The rooms are renovated and extremely chic.  Also, my bed was insanely comfortable.  6. The location is spot on (next to Bobcat arena).  There was some Disney show playing when I stayed there so about every 6 hours the streets were covered with kids.  Other than that, the hotel is next to a ton of shops, bars and restaurants.   Overall I had a great time.  There is a ton of construction going on in front of the building (the only down side), so beware.  I'm looking forward to my next visit!
4	This hotel is truly boutique quality. The absolute only amenity that it is missing is a spa. Not that I could afford a spa. But, just knowing one was here would make me feel that much fancier. That, plus the $22 overnight parking fee, gets it four stars. The location is just a smidge outside of the action.
4	Visited here for one night..Great location...steps from the Epicentre and other local attractionsService..the Valet attendants seemed unorganized...but at least my car was parked and returned each time with damage...so I'm thankful..there is a charge each day for ValetComplimentary breakfast...great choices for everyone!!  I really enjoyed the made to order omelets.  The one young lady closest to the elevator...she gave them omelets life!!!!!Rooms...very spacious, loved the decor and set up!!  There is even a mini kitchen...great asset!Pool...kiddie sized.  I am not sure why hotels opt to have this style of pool in an 100+ room hotel.  Luckily my 6 yr old was able to enjoy it to herself...the time we visited no one else was in the pool.  A bridal shower was held in the seating around the pool...but still a great vibe!The bar scene...very chic!!  Drinks were yummmm and priced well considering!Beds:  comfy!  Even the pull out sofa was comfy too!!Checkout...this is why they only get 4 stars...We get to the counter to checkout and there was incidentials added to our bill that WERE NOT AUTHORIZED!!   After this was handle we were ok, but I'm thinking how did they end up there in the first place.  No one had an answer...Needless to say, I would def recommend this hotel.  I stayed in early October :)
4	It kills me to only give Hyatt House Charlotte a 4 star rating due to a surprise charge at the end of my stay. This hotel was the best I'd ever enjoyed, and I've stayed at a Ritz Carlton in Dearborn and a $1,400 per night suite at the Mandalay Bay in LV. There were hundreds of things that make staying here very special, luxurious, modern, personable... The list goes on and on. Some common interests as follows:Location: Really couldn't get much better. Located next to Time Warner Cable arena, it is a one minute walk to what I consider to be the intersection of the heart of Uptown. We were never winded walking back to the hotel after touring the city, and felt very safe.Hotel Character/Room: Super modern and boutiquesh. The basic non-suite is even equipped like an upscale New York apartment that includes a kitchen fully stocked with tools (even a damn cheese grater!), living room area, cloud like king bed, gigantic closet, and updated bathroom area. An amazing value considering all you get in your stay.Staff/Amenities: Staff was mostly great, with the exception of the front desk people who are always chaotic, confused, and hard to get a hold of. Their performances were outweighed however but the AMAZING bar staff. James in particular could not have made the bar service better. He made friends with everyone, each night we were there. He is polite yet personable and extremely accommodating. The bar itself is a great feature of staying here. The food is incredible. My adult grilled cheese with chicken and bacon one night and cone fries with chipotle sauce were so savory. Breakfast: I have to include this separately because their COMPLIMENTARY breakfast should retail around $15 per head per day. This was well worth the stay by itself. The food is A++ and has everything you can think of, including the best cheese grits ever. The woman who makes the made to order omelets is the boss of quick cooking! Best omelette I've ever eaten.The only thing that bummed me out was upon check out. I received a bill that included a $22 per day for valet that totaled up to around $100. When I booked, I used the Hyatt House website specifically because there is a "Park & Stay" offer if you book through them that waives the daily valet fee, or so it appears. Otherwise, I would have used another website that would have saved me more money in the grand scheme of things. The woman at the counter had no idea what I was talking about, so I showed her on my phone. The only stipulation reads about the booking dates which mine was well within. She had never heard of this offer so had a supervisor come to help. He seemed extremely confused, but then told me I must have just booked through the website without using the offer. I proceeded to check, and sure enough the offer page and the regular booking page both lead you to the same site! The supervisor couldn't not offer an explanation, apologized professionally, and left even though I said "I don't understand this". I now have my doubts as to whether or not this waiver even exists or if it's just worded so cleverly on the website to appear like you're getting a value just by having valet service. I was confused, they were confused. If anything, the mobile version of Hyatt House needs a close looking at and perhaps a revision.Despite the surprise charge, I would stay here in a nano second! The hotel is exceptional in so many important ways and we loved coming back to it every night.
1	This hotel is no help and clueless! I was getting coffee 6 feet away from my table and within seconds someone stolen phone off the table. The staff got very defensive. The front desk was no help. Hyatt has a policy of no cameras in the hotel just the exit. Very poor service and just awful people. Do not stay here!
4	I have tried the one bedroom and the studio... one for the holiday and another for the Panthers game and enjoyed my stay both times.  Next to Time Warner arena so took my little brothers to their first game and is also convenient to Bank of America stadium.  If you want a central location, I'd recommend considering this hotel.  I'm not one for room service or hotel food, but the desserts were delicious.  Tried a few bites of a friend's lava cake and had to grab one for myself before checking out.
5	I had the pleasure of statying at the Hyatt House hotel on 2/14/14 to 02/16/14 when I attended our ACN International Training event. The hotel accommodations were absolutely amazing.  It was literally within a couple hundred feet to the Time Warner Arena. The food was divine. You could get a hot or cold breakfast before you left out. The staff was very friendly.  I don't want to be selfish so I had to post on the great value. It was a great bang for the money. I will be back.
5	This hotel is quite simply the best I've been to in the US, no questions asked. This is as close to perfection as one can get. Yes, it may be expensive, but you really get what you pay for: great service, spacious rooms, amazing location, strong internet, fabulous breakfast (really, it was amazing), and everything being impeccably clean.
5	I had a wonderful stay at The Hyatt. The rooms are fab and nicely decorated.  You feel like you're at home, because the "rooms"  feel like a condo with a full kitchen, separate living room and bedroom, and a huge bathroom. The lobby, bar, dining and pool area are clean and well tended to. The staff was also super friendly and chatty which I always appreciate. As for the location, The Hyatt is in a perfect location and within walking distance to restaurants, shopping, and bars. I'd definitely stay here again and would recommend to a friend!
4	Great hotel in a prime downtown Charlotte location. The rooms are large, the hotel has all the amenities and the staff is very friendly. Modern styling, and a great bar!
2	We were put in a handicapped room even though we aren't handicapped. I disliked this because handicapped rooms remind me of being in the hospital which makes me very nervous. Everything was low to the ground including the bed which was lower than at any other hotel I've ever stayed in. The closet was so low that our hanging clothes touched the floor. We even continously got locked in the bathroom because the strange lock contraption, which I'm sure is meant to aid those who are handicapped, kept getting stuck. The shower head was one of those removable hand held ones but there was no way to tighten it to the wall and the water always shot out toward the shower curtain and we couldn't get it to spray straight down. The room altogether was rather small and cramped. We didn't get a chance to try the free breakfast buffet but when we passed by in the morning there was always a decent crowd. I noticed the hotel is frequented by a mostly young, college aged crowd instead of business professionals. The elevator required a room key to operate but it didn't even work properly. We were in the elevator with another couple and we each had to try our room cards several times before it worked. Valet was $22 with in and out privileges and the car usually came out pretty quickly although the guys weren't all that professional. As for customer service, no one was rude but no one went out of their way to offer exceptional service.
4	Nice hotel option. My first choice is another hotel which is typically sold out. Hyatt House is my next choice. Great rooms, bed is comfortable, modern style and clean. Food isn't bad and worth  the price. I'm not too thrilled that the hotel is so close to the bus station, but still is convenient as only a 3 block walk to the office.
5	This is our second stay at this location. So far this is our favorite Hyatt. Staff is super friendly and answer with a smile. Location is great. Nice view overlooking Trade Street. Rooms are clean and put together. Free Breakfast in the morning. Just perfect.
4	This Hyatt House is in a great spot if you want Uptown Charlotte. It's right next to the Time Warner Center, and fortunately, no games were going on, so no traffic or noise. Loved our room--super comfortable bed and a nice bathroom. Friendly staff though not so aware of the neighboring towns or activities. The majority of guests--the majority of Charlotte visitors for that matter--know where they want to go, and/or are there for work or specific, planned-out reasons.  Nice gym, small but nice pool. All day valet parking was $22 a night. A bit $$ but the convenience is worth it. Plus with hot breakfast, wifi and the gym included, it was more than fair trade-off. Area seemed relatively safe, but Uptown Charlotte is dead at night. Restaurants and bars are open, but no one in on the streets. All in all, this hotel was a good choice for our trip.
4	Hyatt Bar has yet to disappoint me throughout all my visit but yesterday was an off day for the restaurant.   Order an order of wing (drumettes) and the second one I bit wasn't cooked throughly.   Since I was with a large party last night didn't want to state the obvious.   Needless to say a waste of money and killed my appetite immediately.   The Bartender has always been cordial with such a welcoming spirit I truly enjoyed his personality.  This isn't my first visit and won't be my last :) Just gotta keep those wings at a distance.
3	I can't decide between giving this hotel three stars or four stars. At first I felt that the location was really good as it is close to the city centre, but it is at a location at the far end of the city centre at a part where there was not so much going on, a bit industrial opposite the hotel, and I didn't necessarily feel so safe all the time. This might have been an exaggerated feeling from my side, nevertheless the feeling was there. The room rate was very reasonable and it was for sure good value for money - hot breakfast included, free wifi, fridge, microwave, full kitchen, dishwasher etc. The pool was very small and only outdoors, I had expected it to be a bit bigger, it was more for hanging around rather than actually being able to swim at all in it. It is located on the roof though and that was kind of cool.The breakfast was decent, but could have been so much better if the staff stayed on top of refilling it, or if simply there was more staff to handle all the guests. Breakfast items kept running out constantly after what felt like less than 10 minutes. The plates were dirty and several times I could see stale yellow egg stains that apparently did not get cleaned in the dishwasher. The knives and fork were stained at times. The breakfast stations were not very clean. The coffee was out several times. Out of coffee at a hotel breakfast?! Really?!The hotel has a luxurious feeling in some sense and I would have expected it to be more expensive seeing it from the lobby and public areas. The rooms are really cool and it feels like high end apartment with a really nice view with big windows from floor to cieling. The bed was very good. I had some complaints about the room though, it was very dusty and it felt like they hadn't even cleaned it before we checked in. The coffee pot was broken. There is no door between the bedroom and the bathroom sink, which is a little bit odd and annoying when one person gets up at night and has to turn on the light at night and wake up the other person sleeping near by with no door inbetween. You get more space without the door I guess, but it just isn't very functional.
4	Very pleasant hotel experience. Sharply designed, generously sized room, nice view of the skyline, friendly service, good buffet. Only complaint: The gym is not up to the rest of the hotel's standards.
5	This hotel was such a great steal for the price...actually...I would have expected to pay twice the price for the service/accommodations PLUS the totally awesome continental breakfast. I've seriously never seen a spread like that before!Very nice, stylish rooms with super comfortable bedding. The front desk clerks were very helpful and friendly. I don't have a bad thing to say...wish I could have stayed longer! We didn't "go out" while we were there, but it seemed to me to be in the perfect spot for nightlife. On our way home from dinner there were large groups of people dressed up for a night out on the town.
5	The breakfast is amazing. Made to order omlette, potatoes, French toast, fruit, sausage links, cereal, pastries, OJ, apple juice, coffee.... Excellent! The room and service is great too! Def recommend!
5	My husband and I decided to stay in Charlotte last minute and we are so pleased we did. I found The Hyatt House quickly on yelp and checked a few reviews, rates, location & availability. Great rate especially with the AAA discount. The room was perfect- large comfortable bed, sofa, large flat screen tv, adorable kitchenette (studio king) & spacious shower room & vanity area. We had the luxury of walking to a wonderful restaurant only a few blocks away and had dinner. I always have left overs & was happy to realize I could take them back to our room to enjoy later, late night munchies are the best! The small kitchenette had everything we needed, leaving us with the feeling of our home away from home.  I highly recommend this hotel due to the price, comfort, cleanliness, & kindness from the staff. I will definitely be back.
5	Great value. Rooms are amazing. Great beds. TV quality awesome with movie channels. Staff very friendly. Free breakfast and free wifi. Location great for restuarants and bars. Only downside was parking was valet only at $22 per night but eh. You get to drop it off and pick it up :) full kitchen with all that you need and nice bar at night. Hic
5	I hadn't stayed at a Hyatt House before but thought it's a Hyatt so it should be good- and it was. The staff was very friendly to us, they offer fruit at the front desk and specialty water for free. We stayed here twice in a week period. The rooms were alot bigger than we thought- almost a suite size. It had a sitting area and small kitchen area. The rooms were very clean and the staff was very attentive. And they offer a fantastic free breakfast complete with an omelet station- YUM. They also have a bar with a decent selection of local beers instead of the usual miller, bud, etc. And the price was not only competitive but actually a bit cheaper than those around. I'd stay here again.
3	Overall we enjoyed our stay here last night.  The construction out front is a tad annoying but I understand that the hotel can't control that.  The valet seems completely unnecessary, $22 to park my car in the parking deck of the building I'm staying in seems odd to me but maybe I'm missing some liability issues there.  As for the valet, it seems like they could use some better peak staffing, had to wait in a line while one kid tried to wrangle the 4 guests in front of us also trying to check in single handed; thankfully getting our car back when needed wasn't as difficult and they were pleasant.  The staff were very helpful and friendly, no complaints there, also no complaints on location, it's just a short walk to all sorts of entertainment and dinning.  On to the room, it was clean, had all the necessities including a lovely kitchen area fully stocked with pots, pans, utensils, even toaster and cheese grater.  The bed however, I can't believe was actually a king size bed, we have one at home and this seemed smaller to us, not a huge deal, but certainly not what I was expecting after all the other positives here.
5	I stayed at this property while attending a Conference.  I had never visited Charlotte before, so I was unsure what to expect.  Hyatt House was one of the conference hotels and it looked nice with reasonable rates so I gave it a try. What a pleasant stay!  The room with a king size bed was beautiful, contemporary with floor to ceiling windows and a great view.  For a small room, it was very well appointed with a full kitchen, nice bathroom with good lighting, TV with a swivel base to watch from anywhere in the room, comfy couch, nice sized desk, Wi-fi and a very comfortable bed.  Everything was very clean and looked and felt new.The hot breakfast in the morning was excellent as was the bar service and food in the evening.  The staff was very friendly and accommodating.The construction was annoying and made it a little difficult for taxis to get in, but that certainly isn't the hotel's fault.  I didn't use the parking service, gym or pool, so I can't comment on those.The property is not right in the heart of the City area, but close enough so everything from dining to shopping was very convenient.  The Conference provided bus transportation to the Conference Center, but I preferred to walk.  It was a very nice walk from the Hotel to the Conference Center.I will definitely stay here again if I'm ever back in Charlotte.
