5	After my car accident in January I contacted Parker Scheer to help with my case and they were nothing but supportive and helpful going above and beyond to make sure that everything was taken care of while I recovered. Everyone was available to answer any questions I had and they were all very nice as well. I'm a very satisfied client and would trust Parker Scheer with any future cases.
5	The people at this law firm are nothing but understanding and helpful. They took care of everything for me; which left me little to stress about. I would and have recommended them to anyone in need of an attorney. I worked in a law office and have had another auto accident case dealt with at a different law firm and these guys are by far the best!
5	I would definitely recommend Parker, Sheer, Lagomarsino Law Firm.  From consultation to the end of my case Andre and his team were there for me.  They are ALL professional, courteous, knowledgeable and down right awesome.  They don't waste your time or money.  My case was for sexual harassment/hostile work environment.  This was a very difficult time in my life and they treated me with dignity and respect.  Andre & Joelle worked we me throughout the whole process.  They were prompt and thorough in answering my questions via e-mail or phone as well.  They work hard to get you the best results.
5	I had the pleasure of working with the team at Parker|Scheer| Lagomarsino, due to an unfortunate event that occurred in my daughter's life.  This was an extremely tough and sensitive ordeal for my entire family. I interviewed a few other law firms prior to retaining the services of Andre M. Lagomarsino with Parker|Scheer|Lagmomarsino to no avail. Not by his words but rather by his actions, Mr. Lagomarsino convinced me that he had my daughter's best interest in mind and that he was going to do whatever necessary to hold accountable the entity liable for her injury.  Mr. Lagomarsino did not take this case alone but rather his whole team did.  The staff was extremely supportive and very responsive to any questions or concerns that I may have had.  Joelle, the paralegal, is nothing less than amazing. Joelle always appeared very composed and respectful with every encounter with me and my daughter.  If my daughter did not have a ride to the law office to sign papers, Joelle would bring the papers to her or provide a ride for my daughter to the office, going above and beyond.  Who does that?? During trial, Mr. Lagomarsino had his whole team there ready to go.  When I say team, I mean at least 4-5 team members each day of trial each portraying their special talent which was very prevalent in their case-in-chief and cross. I cannot say enough wonderful things about Mr. Lagomarsino and his entire team at Parker|Scheer|Lagmomarsino.  If you want a group of seasoned legal staff representing you in your case, then Parker|Scheer|Lagmomarsino is the way to go!!!! Thank you guys so much, for your remarkable commitment to my daughter's case.  You all are truly amazing!!!
5	I was hit waiting at a stop light when some idiot ran right into me... Stating she thought that the gas pedal was the breaks?! The accident made me feel so down on everything and caused me so much back and neck pain. I felt so helpless, thinking there was nothing I could do about the situation. Then came parker-scheer-lagomarsino who took care of everything. They let me focus on getting treatment for my back and neck and referred me to the best and (hot) physical therapist! I really didn't have to stress or worry about following up with the other parties insurance and all that work because they took care of everything! The staff were so helpful and always there to answer my questions. This law firm has amazing customer service with great and funny people working there.
5	Having extensive legal battles throughout my adult life, I do not give praise to attorneys without thoughtful consideration: This is a wonderful group of professionals. Andre Lagomarsino is a truly honorable man.  There is no way that he would sell out to the opponent even if it meant that he would not be paid a dime for his investment of time and costs.  NO WAY.  I have often said that he is much too honorable for his profession, and, I truly believe those words.  He has proven it again and again.  His team is top notch.  They know what to do and they do it:  I cannot say enough for them. Any potential client-litigant that has had nightmares over having to contract with a lawyer, this review is for you.  Call Parker Scheer Lagomarsino, and meet with them.  The honest, courteous, professional, and sensitive consultation is not an act to get your business... It is actually a true representation of the firm's relationship with you and for you.  Thank you for reading this.  I wish you very well.
