4	Last time  I visited Vegas I stopped by to check this place out. They actually have a circus act(s) going on in the middle of this giant complex with clowns walking around. One of the clowns I said hello to reminded me of Krusty because he was so surly and nasty and I believe he went off for a smoke break. It was surreal.
3	One of the most surrealistic experiences I've ever had was in this property. Walking through the casino, we came upon a large, formally-dressed wedding party - complete with white gown, bridesmaid dresses, and tuxedos - patiently waiting in line, with young couples in T-shirts, shorts, and flip-flops, for their turn to be wed in the hotel chapel. To this day I wonder why, if they had gone to such expense, had the bride-and-groom-to-be opted for a ceremony as tacky as this? Were they going to watch the full-fledged circus acts afterwards? Would their reception be in the restaurant serving an all-you-can-eat buffet? Did they live happily ever after?
3	WOW.... how different it is from one end of the strip to the other. This was the hotel my friend and I picked because it was cheapest without being one of those skanky scary ones off the strip. But what we didnt realize that after the amount we spent on cabs to get to the hotel to the "good" part of the strip... we should've just stayed at Caesars or Aladdin or anything closer. The hotel itself is alright... great for families with kids because there's actually tons of non gambling stuff to do. The rooms are clean, and pretty modern but what kills this place is their HORRIBLE restaurants. We arrived pretty late, and it was still scorching hot... and I didnt feel like eating anything too heavy, so I ordered a fruit salad. They brought me a GI-NORMOUS plate filled with huge chunks of fruit (literally 1/4 or a pineapple was laying on my plate, with just slices running through), grapes were not washed (yes there were still cobwebs in there)... it looked like they had it leftover from that morning's breakfast buffet and they had just thrown it on the plate. As for the crowd... definitely not the posh hard rock or bellagio or palms people. BUT, because they are not really a high end casino, the dealers are more lax... My first time playing blackjack and the dealer was teaching me how to play, and i actually won $40 :-D
3	This place is such a joke. The only reason I'm not giving it zero stars is because the Steakhouse here is the best in the city. The best thing about it is that practically nobody but the most in-the-know foodies and locals know about this place. Come here and wow all your friends on your next trip.
3	As a kid, I'd give it 5 stars, but as someone old enough to enjoy the many pleasures of Las Vegas, I'd give it 3 stars just for the sake of it being a kid-friendly establishment. We need a place like Circus Circus in Las Vegas. We gotta have a place to start them off young, ya'know.
1	Whenever you talk to someone who stayed at Circus Circus and you ask them how it was they almost always say "Oh,it wasn't really that bad". I've known three different people who stayed here at one time or another and all three gave me the same answer "Oh,it wasn't really that bad". Then they'd say "Well,the food was not good,and the casino was packed with all kinds of fat disgusting people,and bratty kids running around loose,and the circus acts were no big deal,and the place was filthy,and the food was lousy--did I mention the food? But,overall,it  wasn't really that bad".  If you want a cheap place to stay and you don't mind bad food and fat disgusting people,I guess it's not really that bad.
2	The devil is a clown and he lives in Las Vegas, NV. Circus Circus is half ghetto, half trailer park and 100% Hell. I think they actually use old cigarette butts to filter the air conditioning there. I will say that their Westside Bar is a great place to get shitfaced off of cheap-ass drinks while eating free popcorn, playing video poker and watching reruns of Takeshi's Castle after your team gets knocked out of an 8-ball tournament at 1am in the morning.
3	Dated but still somewhat fun.This is probably still one of the best places to abandon your kids while you gamble irresponsibly.Had a chili cheeseburger at one of the cafe/restaurants. It wasn't bad.
1	Being the HST fans we were, Circus Circus was our default hotel of choice for many many years.Not anymore.I can understand Vegas hotels and casinos reaching out to families. After all, mom and dad have money to lose. But this is ridiculous. Check in took 45 excruciating minutes, complete with screaming BRATS (note, I say brats, not kids- these were out-of-control BRATS), pushy Midwestern people who thought they owned the place, and drunken attitude-saturated teens who mistook MTV videos as a reflection of actual reality.The room was generic- which is to be expected of Vegas. After all, they want you out spending your money, not holed-up in your room.Getting to the casino floors took twenty minutes, navigating through triple-sized mobs of the same people we had to deal with at check-in.Far too much emphasis is placed on "family entertainment" and not enough on expected entertainment for adults. We will never again stay here.
2	Circus Circus is best approached with a healthy dose of irony irony.  If this is your lodging of choice in Vegas, you'll appreciate it far more if you use the ducats you save on room and board to fund a complete and total 24/7 bender.  You won't care nearly as much about how dingy the place is, and you may find unintended humor in the following:1) there is actually an RV campsite associated with the hotel.  Right on the strip. This contributes to the unusual and entertaining mix of people from all different walks of life at the casino.2) the official mascot is a clown named Lucky, whose ugly mug is plastered throughout the hotel.3) there's a 24 hour long "circus" act performance right in the middle of the casino.  Too bad they don't have live bears and lions - hilarity would ensue if one escaped and ate 30 senior citizens at the slots.4) the steakhouse, which seems to have taken its decor cues from a '70's porn movie, is rumored to be the best in Vegas.  5) there's an amusement park right in the hotel, complete with a roller coaster and carnival games.If I managed this joint, I would turn things around by requiring all employees to dress in full clown regalia (including casino dealers) and install a strip club where the performers were also required to wear clown attire (at least at first).  If business didn't pick up immediately, you'd at least then have an excuse to follow some of the suggestions in the other reviews about tearing the place down and building a new hotel (or parking lot).
2	Great for kids, not suitable for adults.
4	awww c'mon guys. what would vegas be like without circus circus and the cheesy carnival games in the midway section? how would we derive joy and up our self esteems through our ability to win, somewhere, somehow? i mean, who cares that you paid $2 to lose at the clearly rigged fishing game. at least you got a 3 inch stuffed santa doll out of it. holla.
3	I realize that Las Vegas has tried to transform itself into a destination resort for families, but Circus Circus has become overrun by children and teenagers who's parents have dragged them to Vegas so mommy and daddy could gamble. lI stayed here on my last trip because it was the cheapest on-strip hotel I could find on such short notice. If the families weren't everywhere (at literally all hours) this would simply be a scary nightmarish clown city that overwhelms the senses. I will say, that it is worth your time to head upstairs to the 'Horse-a-Round Bar' - the rotating bar that overlooks both the casino floor and carnival madness. Many people will tell you to stay somewhere else, but I will tell you, for all its faults, there are few places you will find that are more absurd than Circus Circus.
1	Decided on a last minute long weekend trip to LV and found hotel rates surprisingly high. Circus Circus was the cheapest by at least $50, but it wasn't worth it. It was just hellishly loud, full of frumpy folks and their screaming kids, dirty, run-down, and ridiculously far from anything considering it is "on the strip" - the buildings are set back about 1/4 mile from Las Vegas Blvd., and with the demise of Stardust and Westward Ho, only the somewhat rundown Riviera is within a few steps. The not-that-thrilling destinations of The Stratosphere and The Sahara are within what might be a 10-minute walk at a normal gait, but turns into a 20-minute journey, slogging along behind the cattle-like herds wandering between the creepy hotels and construction sites that fill this decidedly un-glamorous little portion of LV. Words cannot express how disappointed I was to spend the time and money to go to Las Vegas, only to feel stranded in this hellish little ghetto. Any savings on the room were spent on cab fare getting the hell out of there. I love Fremont Street for retro Vegas, and I appreciate the glam of the new high-end mega-casinos - The Stratosphere, Sahara, and Riviera are in-and-of-themselves, not bad, but their location will mean their eventual demise. Circus Circus, on the other hand, puts the downward drag on this already lacking section of Vegas, and is not worth visiting at any price. It should be dynamited as soon as possible.
1	I give it 1 star because I cannot give it zero, I hate this place... the buffet is the worst thing you can eat (at least in vegas baby)... and there is no sane reason to stay there, if its because of the prices you are better off in a downtown joint, really... it just takes your happy felling of being in vegas down.
2	No we didn't stay here, but hubby thought it would be fun to bring lil guy to the amusement park area so he could play. I'm not the amusement park type so I opted to do slots while I waited -- yeah tough job.The only reason I gave this place a 2 star was because I won $40. Otherwise, it's a seriously dismal place. I didn't stay too long after winning the $40. I sauntered over to Slots A Fun where I promptly gave some of the winnings back.You know it's bad when a 6 yr old tells daddy that he wanted to go to Legoland while being in the Circus Circus amusement area because "it wasn't fun". He had no clue that Legoland was another 5-6 hrs drive. Poor thing.
2	For the kitsch factor, for something to do for a day, this place is fine.  It's got games and the carousel bar and cheesy circus acts.  But it's dirty, it's run down, it's poorly planned, and I wouldn't stay here if my life depended on it.  (OK, MAYBE then.)  I tell people who come to visit all the time to not be taken in by the cheap rates here and at the Tropicana.  There's a reason WHY they're cheap.
2	i think i'll cry if i have to stay here again. my fam stays here for because its like $60 a night, but its that much for a reason - it sucks! its def one of the old casinos now w/ its fellow senior citizen, the Riviera, across the street. The location of the hotel is very far from the parts of the strip that you actually want to visit. and the food: GOD! why did i eat here?! i settled for their buffet because i had post flight hunger, but if i had known, i would've settled for McDonalds upstairs. And i wouldnt exactly call this place family friendly w/ all the $$$ theyre robbing from kids at the Midway.So, if you have a car (to drive to the better parts of LV) and all you want is a room to bunk, this could be a good place for you. But if you like walking/dining in your own hotel, choose elsewhere. i think i'll study harder in school so i don't have to stay here when i grow up.
1	Raoul Duke: "Bazooko's Circus is what the whole world would be doing Saturday nights if the Nazis had won the war. This was the Sixth Reich."As your attorney, I advise you to take Mr. Duke's advice.And take a hit out of that small jar in my shaving kit.
4	I'm a big kid. I don't gamble and I love games, so I love staying at circus circus. Even when I don't stay at circus circus I end up spending time at the midway anyway trying to win that gigantic spongebob or cookie monster (the cookie monster is currently sitting in my apartment). I also got my razor scooter from circus circus, how awesome is that??I'll take Fascination (it's one of the midway games) over poker tables any day and it only costs a quarter per game!The drawback is that my fiance loves Street Fighter arcades and he'd be glued to one looking for a challenge from another street fighter geek for an hour or so while I wandered around by myself. This is what I saw every time I came back to check on him.                                                       __                                                         ~O                                                \_/     K        ==O                   C         =|     /\                                                 /\HADOUKEN!                   SONICBOOM!I have no complaint about the hotel room either because who stays in the hotel room in Vegas?? You're supposed to be out and about anyway. You'll only be in the hotel room to get enough amount of sleep before you go out again. So CC's basic room is enough for me.I wouldn't go for the buffet at CC though. Go to one of the more expensive ones such as bellagio or MGM.p.s. Don't you DARE click on that private message link to tell me to grow up!p.p.s. I KNOW I can't make ascii art worth shit. Shutup. If you play street fighter you'll recognize it.
2	I'm only giving it two stars due to the fact that I have so many childhood memories here...So when i decided to stay here again just to remember the good times...MAN WAS I A STUPID KID?! so nasty...do not eat at the buffet here! just go to mcdonalds!!
3	I stayed at Circus Circus about two-three summers ago with my family. The rooms were clean, and housekeeping was efficient. The most important thing is...the beds did not feel STD infested, were comfy, and the bathrooms had showers with constant pressure and temperature. So Circus Circus already trumps Tropicana in that regards. Circus Circus is also dirt cheap for a strip Casino to stay at. However, what Circus Circus does lack is a good strip location. It is a pain in the ass to get anywhere central strip from Circus Circus.   the only thing close by to Circus Circus is Slots of Fun and Peppermill. Peppermill Sucks, and Slots of Fun..well its okay..but honestly i don't come to Vegas to gamble at cheap shit places...if that's the case I might as well gamble at the casinos where I live and save the airfare. The buffet at Circus Circus is so, so...and the little kiddie place..well it's okay, I miss the arcade games they used to have...but i think that's when i was a kid.  What kicks ass at Circus Circus is the steakhouse there... http://www.yelp.com/biz/bSY97kgQpJ5BrpgW40V1qg#hrid:Mec4tf5edLjEn_uClhQzYg/query:circus%20circus%20steakhouse  Unless you've been there, you don't know how awesome it is...and I'm talking PRIME steak up there with all other topnotch Prime steak joints (Ruth's Chris, Smith & Wollensky's etc.).  The gaming at Circus Circus is cheap(er), and honestly...the kid situation and them running everywhere isn't as bad as people say it is. I had an okay time at Circus Circus. I think it's a great deal, but I'd rather pay the extra $$ for the night for a nicer casino a little more central strip, but that's just me. It's a perfectly good option for those who want to save money and/or have families.   Get off your high horse...Circus Circus isn't going anywhere.~G
1	holy fucking freak me out batmanclowns everywherenever againCoulrophobia
1	A friend and I stayed in Circus Circus after seeing the phenomenal rates online  Well, we certainly got what we paid for and then some.To call Circus Circus a dump is an insult to all the other establishments who have worked hard to earn their rank as a dump.  From the lobby and the hallways, to your room, dirt and stains from Origins Unknown is the motif.  Rooms have peeling paint, loose and dirty caulking in the bathrooms and stains top to bottom.  Beds are flimsy, and the linens filthy.  And as an added perk, you can hear people using their bathrooms when you walk down the hallway.Most of the clientle  (who come in all shapes, sizes and colors) look like they are on work release.  The smoking that these demons do with their children in tow (in a "family friendly" casino) makes the Bhopal Union Carbide Gas Leak Massacre look like a guppy fart.  Definitely a place for kids if you feel like putting the fear of G-d and cancer into the rugrats.Most of the gift shops push imitation "bling".  We're talking pasty diamonds in the shape of a Mercedes Benz logo medallion strung on a chain and Yankee caps with multi color rocks sewn in the logo.  One can Over Gold (electroplate of course) quite easily.  Very plastic slip-cover clientele, serious fucking Ghetto.The in-house restaurants are horrid.  Not one reaches mediocre.  A humorous antic-dotal of serving Mrs. Beasley's cat for an entree would apply, but I have a feeling other restaurants who do sneak in fried cat and other vermin on the plate, prepare it much better.This doesn't mean Circus Circus is like Riker's Island.  Riker's has cleaner rooms, cleaner sheets and better food.   I advise you not to drop the soap when you shower.  Not because you'll be gang raped (although who knows who will break in)  but because your soap has hit the tub floor and must therefore be destroyed so as not to spread infectious disease.  Stand under the spillways of Hoover Dam instead.
2	Ghetto hotel.Good location.You make the final call.
1	Circus Circus sucked. Really bad.It is VERY dumpy and "all used up".It could have easily passed as an extension of the dumpy TraveLodge next door.Here are some of the things that we didn't enjoy:The half-mile trek from the hotel desk to our room.The rude service at the hotel desk.The beds were very uncomfortable (The floor was more comfortable!)The TV got channels 2-13, of which 3 were static, 2 were "in house" channels, 2 were news .. The TV checkout system didn't work (hotel-wide).The bathroom floor of our hotel room was dirty when we arrivedThe table-lamps in the room were falling apartThe parking lot lights seem to be pointed directly at the room window and shine around the blackout curtainThe "security guard" at the entrance to the parking area checked for a room key the first time. There was nobody there the second time, and they waved us through the third time.We asked housekeeping for more pillows and waited about an hour before giving up and buying some at Wal MartThe arcade game areas were full of broken gamesUgliest Carpet Ever!Our non-smoking room smelled like stale smoke, worse than the hallways.The card-lock entrance to our  building didn't have anything to lock ontoNo vending machines in the remote hotel room buildingsClowns. Lots of them. Thankfully none in the hotel room.Our hotel door didn't close/lock all the way on its own, even though it slammed every time.The a/c system in the room wouldn't allow you to have the fan running all the time.  It would shut off the fan after an hour or two (making it hard to drown out the outside noise)The walls were thin .. We apologize if you had the room next to us, but you started it.Good (which can be found at other places too):In-room mini-fridgeWater pressure in the showerAn impossible-to-clog toiletOn the stripCheap (Although, we're going to pay more next time for a better place so we can enjoy our trip more, instead of bitching about how ghetto Circus Circus is)We'd agree with other users that this is a good place to take kids.  They don't seem to care that you leave them unattended to run amok, and there are lots of things for kids to climb on.
1	They need to demolition this place pronto!  It is a real piece of crap, the only saving grace is that is located on the Strip.  However, it's so far away from the other cool casinos that it's not worth the money you save to stay there.  It's a $10 cab ride to the Bellagio!  The hotel portion was very shabby, wallpaper peeling off the wall near the elevator, knobs missing on the furniture, a lamp burned out in our room, bed sheets all wrinkly and bunched up, the list goes on.   There was a car convention going on when we were there so that may explain why the rates were so high, over $150 a night for total crap in my opinion.  The shops suck and the restaurants were just mediocre.
4	As I read all the lame reviews of this place, I have to wonder, what in the world are these people expecting for the price they pay to stay on the Las Vegas Strip?  Staying on the Strip on the weekend has prices that rival Manhattan!  If it's Sun-thurs, then you can afford to go to the bling bling hotels because the prices are usually 1/3 or 1/4 of fri/sat night prices.  However, if you want to stay on the strip, be prepared to pay up for something nice.If you came far enough to fly into Vegas (AKA not close enough to drive in) then dish out some more money to stay at a nicer place. This place is perfect for those of us who are either broke, have kids, or would rather stay somewhere cheap so they can spend the money eating out at Bellagio or watching shows like O. Or those of us close enought to drive out here 3-4 times a year and don't want to spend $1000's on hotel a year because we're not ballers who can get comp rooms at the nice places.  Seriously.  Anyways, who sleeps in Vegas anyways? If you sleep, then dish out the money and stay somewhere nicer.  Remember, those nice hotels have 100's of millions of dollars worth of debt in building them. No wonder it's $200-$500 a night to stay there on a weekend. If you want a good deal, don't come on a weekend or holiday.  (Yes, you can stay at places like Monte Carlo for $60 a night... but ONLY S-Thurs on promotion!!!)Yes, this is a 2-3 star hotel, but I'm giving it a 4 because there are too many one star rating from dreamers who think they can stay somewhere nice on the strip for under $100 on the weekend. Dream on. Also, the extra star if for the great midway for those of us who don't gamble.  And an extra star for finding out I can get a room for friday and saturday night for a grand total of $215 four days before I leave for vegas.  Do I want to spend $550 to stay at Bellagio? I think not.....Remember, location location location.  And be ready to pay accordingly.
2	they have a really disgusting buffet!tons of kids running around throughout the entire hotel / casino / amusement parkthe best thing was their information center at the front, where they gave information, pamphlets, and coupons for shows on the strip.basically, at the same rates for rooms and prices of buffet, you can get much better in the same city.. just do a little research.+ kind of cheap- bad buffet- kids are everywhere
1	Two words folks: Ghetto-ghetto
1	What the hell was I thinking? It's time to blow this hotel into oblivion. The place had more kids running wild than Michael Jackson's love grotto. Sure I saved a few bucks on the room, but I spent the savings on cab rides to the part of the strip that actually has a pulse. The dealers looked ashamed and pissed (like they failed some card dealing course and this was their continuation school). The buffet is pukable at best and the rooms require a hazmat suit on entry. Perhaps a small price to pay for being on the strip, but now I have lice.
2	This place was awesome when I was a kid but not its trash.  They really need to renovate.  This is the hotel that all us broke people stay at when we go to Vegas.
2	I remember coming here as a kid long before the adventuredome was around. As a kid, I remember enjoying the arcades and circus acts and such. But the last time I went to CC......DAMN! this place is beyond ghetto!Don't get me wrong, this hotel is probably the best value on the strip, as you do get your moneys worth(45 bucks a night).  But Who the hell comes up with the idea of a circus themed hotel?!Perhaps some day, when I have children of my own and am on a tight budget, I'll give Circus Circus a chance.
1	This is for the "Theme Park" as a whole but specifically the RV Park.  As other yelpers have said, if I could give Circus Circus zero stars I would.On a road trip one summer with our RV we decided that we would swing through Vegas on our way home.  We wanted to stay in an RV park near the action on the Strip and to our surprise we found that Circus Circus has an RV park on site.  Sweet!  Let's do it.  Oh my GOD what a mistake that was!  Mind you, we were on the last leg of a cross country road trip with two kids and two dogs, so we were already sort of at our wits end, but nothing prepared us for what we were in for during our stay at CC.  The first afternoon we pulled in and, to our horror, found that the RV park is literally a parking lot with electrical and water hook ups.  Each "site" is a parking stall, with no area outside for putting chairs or even the smallest of barbeques.  There were a couple of "premium sites" with small patches of grass but for some unknown reason if you were travelling with dogs you were not allowed to have those spots.  Shade?  Non existent.  Being the middle of summer we thought a dip in the pool might be refreshing.  Wrong.  Even the kids were disgusted.  We ventured into the casino/circus tent to check out the action.  What a complete waste of space.  The casino is unorganized and dirty and the midway games for the kids are no better.   After having experienced what we did in the casino and midway there was no way in hell we were going to eat in any of the restaurants, so we took the quick walk across the street to the Sahara and hit up the Nascar cafe which was quite pleasant.Night two at Circus Circus things went from bad to worse.  After a day of sight seeing on the strip we returned to our RV to find that a good portion of the RV parking lot had lost power, including the section that we were in.  Luckily we had boarded our dogs with a local veterinarian for the day so they were not left to bake in our RV for who knows how long between when the power went out and we returned.  We asked to be moved to a different site so we could fire up the A/C in the 113 degree heat (at 10:00 at night) which they reluctantly agreed to.  I guess it was around 12:30am when the space next to us became occupied by a couple of yahoo's who put the red in redneck.  They were whoopin and hollerin until they finally decided to hit the strip at about 2:00.  At which time their dogs began barking.  And barking.  And barking.  We complained, as did several other guests, but no one did anything about it.   At around 6:30am we decided we'd had enough and we packed it up and hit the road for home.  Needless to say, if you are looking for an RV park in Vegas and you see the great ads for CC rv park on the strip run, don't walk, to the next RV park on the list.
2	This review MAY be a bit dated, but I wanted to document something from my teen years while I could still remember...December 1978This was my first trip to Las Vegas as a gambler, an 18 year old at that. I don't know if it was lax enforcement or that I looked sufficiently mature in those pre-mullet days with my foot long pony tail, but my friend & I sat down at a Circus Circus blackjack table.Back in the day, the blackjack tables had plexiglas cigarette containers so that you could select your cancer-stick-of-choice, order a couple of drinks at a time, and bet the pre-Christmas gift cash at $2 a hand - all very adult-like.  Positives memories:- That late night drive across the desert.- $2 blackjack tables.- Free unlimited cocktails (drinks of choice: tequila w/beer chasers).- Free unlimited cigarettes. Less-than-positive memories:- $180 in gambling losses - a fortune at the time!- A public *%^$#@#*^ story too outrageous to share!- That costly 84 mph speeding ticket on the way home.July 2006That same friend was staying at the Circus Circus RV Park while I was in town. I visited him at his RV, then we headed into the hotel to get a drink. As we walked through the property, I realized that not much had changed...just as cheap & burned-out as 4 decades earlier - the casino, not ME.
2	Ok 10 years ago, when I was playing all the kid games at the midway, this was the place to be. 10 years later when I have a different apetite for entertainment, this place just doesn't cut it anymore.I do feel however that this place is for traveling families that have young ones with them. Leave your kids at the theme park while you go gamble. Ok, not a bad idea. The problem with that is that they made this place more geared to attract young people and not convince their parents (and grand parents, for that matter) to stay here and gamble while leaving their kids (with supervision, of course) to all the fun areas. The casino floor is in the SAME EXACT CONDITION that I remember from 10 years ago when I was not of legal age. It's the same red/orange/weird carpet they've had since the beginning of time and they've not done much to change it.The poker room is also at one extreme corner of the casino, and is very small. Not much action going on there. Last I remember there were 3 tables of 3-6 going on and nothing else. The tables weren't even full.The hotel rooms are very similar to motel 6 (not that it's a bad thing), but for a hotel/casino in Las Vegas, they are below standard.Circus Circus was a great idea to begin with, but I believe that unless they change up what they're doing, they may have to blast this hotel/casino to the ground like Dunes and Frontier.
1	Ugh.  The casino is ok, if you're all right with an abundance of children running around while you're losing your hard earn coin in slots, but the hotel itself is yucky.  I'm seriously never staying in a two star hotel again after this experience.  I know, I know, what do you expect for a cheap room, but still - I'd like to sleep in a bed where I don't feel every single spring.  I can deal with cheap blankets, and corrosive towels, but feeling the springs in my bed is where I draw the line.
1	Stay here if you plan on losing alot of money and having a cheap hotel will help...this is a horrible hotel!! when I went to the "adventure dome"...most of the rides were closed...people inside the hotel keeps asking you to buy things or join things every time I walk near the lobby...its crazy..the rooms aren't that bad but they won't change ur sheets unless you put a sign there...oh n this hotel is far from the strip..do not try to walk..take the DEUCE or drive. One of the worst hotels on the strip!
5	It's fun to win prizes here.
3	3 stars for the revolving carousel bar.  "Bazooko's Circus is what the whole hep world would be doing Saturday nights if the Nazis had won the war. This was the Sixth Reich. "
1	Wow, this hotel was just amazingly low quality considering the price we paid for a room.  The floors were stained and the water from the shower stayed hot for approximately 5 minutes before it became almost completely freezing.  The shower head was clogged, too.  I had to rush through showers.It's no surprise that the rooms are tucked away from the casino itself.  Perhaps the whole place good use a good, deep carpet cleaning.The most redeeming feature of this hotel was the parking lot, which had plenty of spaces.
1	our camera was stolen from our luggage while in the possession of the hotel bell desk.  The hotel refused to take any responsibility but failed to give any substantial reason or proof that they were not involved.
1	Worst casino on the strip in my opinion, worst buffet as well. Only come here if you must so you can entertain your children.
1	Yaaay!! watch out for the droves of stinky sticky children everywhere!! This place is good for cheap family vacations otherwise stay away. Old run down lots of low scale patrons
3	Good place to stay at if you have younger kids. I spent most of the time in other hotels because this one was infested with little rugrats.
2	This is a good place to stay if you want really cheap and/or you have kids. Otherwise, don't bother staying here.It is far removed from anywhere else on the strip so you'll have to drive or go via taxi to other parts of Vegas.It is very obnoxious and full of creepy clown stuff - but is one of the cheapest on strip locations to stay and does have lots to offer for kids (rides and circus stunts) and the casino area is okay for adults.
2	If you want a cheap place to crash after a night a partying then CC isnt bad. It's ideal for kids. My dad used to give me a roll of quarters and just ditch me for hours....cant do that nowadays though. DO NOT PLAY BLACKJACK HERE. These old casinos are training grounds for BJ noobs. They hit on 19s....hit when the dealer is showing 4-6. seriously....I can't believe anyone winning here. I was sitting next to a couple of guys who had no clue. If they're staring at their cards too long and it's obvious what to do......you better walk.
2	My first visit to Vegas, I stayed here with the then BF.  Somehow, we managed to get upgraded and had a kick ass room for the same discount rate we had booked.  Thank goodness, that is the only thing that made this work for us.  High enough up not to hear or experience the madness below.The buffet sucks, the people are cranky, the casino well we ended up at Treasure Island and few other places to gamble.  Too many freaking kids.It's like a hotel on steriods in mega doses.  We had a car, really didn't need it more trouble then it's worth, now that I know better.  The noise level here is freaking incredible.  It's bad enough with all the kids running around unsupervised.  Well needless to say, unless I'm desperate I won't go back to the C.C.
1	One word that describes this place....(Ghetto) !
4	Regardless of what people say about location, CC is one of the best values on the Strip.  You can get a room for as little as 50 bucks and buffet for 10 bucks.  The pay outs aren't bad and the adventure dome is really FUN!  FYI - there are 4 new developments going in around CC.  So this part of the Strip will be happening within the next 2 years.
1	I would have to agree with most of the reviews about circus circus..This place was soooo nice back in the day. Now?No comment, its actually sad to see what its become.
5	Why does everyone hate Circus Circus so much?  I think it's one of the greatest places in Vegas and here's why.1.  It's great value.  It's one of the few places on the strip where you can get weekend rates of less than $100 a night.  Sure Wynn rooms are nicer, but are they really 4 times nicer? (at 4 times the price ).  Also when Echelon Place next door opens (if it ever opens), are you really going to pay top $$ to stay at the Mondrian and the Delano.  I'm just going to walk over from CC to check out the new hot place in town.    2.  It's old school Vegas.  CC and Caesars were the first themed casinos in Vegas, both started by visionary Jay Sarno.  Caesars has been remodeled beyond recognition since its 1966 opening, only the original Palace casino remains.  CC, on the other hand, has retained the same low-roller circus theme which has been successful for over 40 years.  3.  It's iconic.  No other Vegas casino has had the same pop culture exposure.  Please refer to "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas" (the book) or "Diamonds are Forever" (the movie).  Hey the place was good enough for Dr. Gonzo and James Bond. 4.  It's surreal.  The circus is supposed to be seedy and dirty with lots of screaming kids running around, right?  A lot of people don't like all the unsupervised kids but I think they just contribute to the overall theme.  At the same time, their parents are gambling away their college educations.  That's kind of cool.5.  The food is good.  Yeah, I know you're laughing but the steakhouse is considered one of the best (if not best value) places in town.6.  It's fun.  I've seen a lot of posters here refer to CC as "ghetto".  I'm not sure if that's code for something but everyone playing at CC knows how to have a good time.  Case in point, I held the dice for over 30 minutes at the craps table at the Wynn.  People there were so stoic that I had to sarcastically ask if "anyone was having a good time".  All I got was blank stares.  The "homies" at CC, on the other hand, were hooting and hollering, trading good natured barbs with the dice crew over $5 bets.  It was a good time.7.  You'll miss it when it's gone.  You know you will.  So go now.
5	What? This place really didn't get five stars from everybody? Have you all gone nuts?I chose Circus Circus Hotel because I didn't have alot of money and had to be there for a conference for a week. I didn't really care about the children being everywhere because I didn't intend on staying at the hotel except for sleeping. I wasnt really expecting much because the reviews for this place were crap.When I got there I was like a child again. I felt like I was in heaven. There were so many things to do and a wonderful kids casino that I ran around in for hours. I won more in the Kids casino than I would have won in the regular casinos. :DOkay, so I stayed in one of the Manor Rooms. Creepy at first site. Kinda dirty and lost looking. But my room was clean, the bathroom was nice, and the room service was reliable. If you want perfection then cough up the money for it but I personally had no complaints for the hotel room or the service especially since I payed nickles and dimes for it. Surprisingly, I didn't really hear any kids while in my room. Sure, they littered the halls of the casino but it didn't bother me.I really enjoyed Circus Circus, I didn't expect alot but I enjoyed what I got and made the best out of everything.Oh, How could I forget?They have Circus shows every few hours. Among all the children and their parents, I, a 21 year old, clapped and screamed like a 7 year old. The performers were too exciting and you cant help feeling like a kid when you are there.Really, go there. Its cheap, its fun, its Circus Circus.
4	Besides the fact that you can gamble and drink while the kids go play with the "bigger" kids....they had two really great Henna Tattoo Stand (some kind of henna type tattoo, more ink, but nice that it stays black and doesn't fade to brown and supposedly lasts 3-4 weeks)!Only charged me $35 for a pretty detailed one! The guy did it fast and when I accidentally ruined someone else's henna, they cleaned it up and retouched it for free!!
1	the good news is... the rooms in this place (west tower) are not too bad. in fact... after seeing the rest of the place... they're a pleasant surprise and cleaner than expected.  unfortunately the (what sounded like a) family of fourteen staying in the room next door ruined that by repeatedly kicking the walls with their feet... banging on the connecting door... and yelling at us through the wall (awesome!)... the bad news is... most of the people who frequent this hotel bring ALL of their bloodshot... bleary-eyed... screaming children to the casino and keep them up well past midnight so that mommy and daddy can WIN BIG at the slots. there are people consistently sleeping on benches in the lobby...  and the place is packed and overwhelming at all hours... this place is sketchy to say the least...after three nights there i couldn't figure out what was on the back of my neck... and it was indeed: THE HEEBY JEEBIES!
1	Waited in line for almost an HOUR to check in at 3pm.  We get our keys and then find out we have to EXIT the casino and CROSS the street to get to our room.  Open the door to find a very outdated looking hotel room with sub-standard amenities.  The coffee table wobbled so much I thought it was going to unscrew and come flying off.  Needless to say, I didn't use that coffee table.  The beds are so springy you wake up with a sore back the next day.  Whats worse than the crappy room is their crappy restaurants.  Since I didn't have a car, I thought I would give their cafe a shot.  Nothing is fresh and everything could be made with a microwave.  I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
1	Few years ago during the "starving college student" stage--I booked a room at circus circus to save a lil dough.  Well the rooms at the towers are ok but they gave us the ones near the back by the RV parking...OMG---maybe it was just my room but I swear my bf (now husband) was itchy ALL night...we swore there were bed bugs...it ended up to be such a bad weekend cuz both of us couldnt sleep well and had bug bites all over...gross..
1	we went here on a family trip and boy was my uncle piss!! we waited for our room for at least 3 hours cause they said it was already ready, but then the good thing is that we got comped. anyways this is good for a family cuz they have their own amusement park
2	I'd read enough reviews online before we went to know not to expect much of anything.  Old, not updated hotel with kids running around everywhere... check.  Honestly, there weren't as many kids as I'd thought there would be, but I guess compared to the other hotels we visited there were quite a few.We stayed there because it was the cheapest option "on" the strip, and we'd rather use our money for other things... like booze.  I made the reservation through some website, not the hotels directly, for tower rooms.  I was told I'd most likely be able to upgrade to the West Tower (newly renovated) when I checked in; but they were sold out.  We were stuck in the Skyrise Tower.  Aside from the fact that our room smelled like a Playschool dollhouse, it was fine.  No fridge or microwave though - luckily we knew this and brought a cooler to keep the drinks cold (priorities).  But like I said, I knew not to expect much.The buffet was disgusting, like worse than my college cafeteria.  However, for breakfast, it was awesome because as far as I'm concerned you can't go wrong with a plate full of greasy bacon and tater tots after a night of drinking.The staff is retarded.  I think they all are retired carnies, who know nothing.Since we weren't leaving til 11pm on a red-eye, we tried for late check out/another night... again, sold out.  All rooms were sold out, except for 2 rooms they had in the back manor "motel."  Now I don't know what dead people smell like, but if I had to guess, they smell like the Circus Circus Motel.  Luckily we didn't sleep there - just needed a place to store our luggage for the day and shower before the flight.But still for some reason in my heart I love this place.  It's got some cheap, old school Vegas charm in a really weird, I-need-to-wash-my-hands kind of way.
1	To be fair, I don't have kids, and don't like them in big groups.  We stayed here for a short stint during the CineVegas Film Festival.  It's grimy.  It's gross.  I didn't want to touch anything, and I'm not one of those "germ people."The room we booked ended up being in this weird offset barracks area instead of being attached to the main hotel.  It was a hike just to get to the strip.I played poker here with a bunch of degenerates and every day gamblers.  I won $35, which was nice.The one shining star: There's a taco place in the food court, which had cheap and good food.  Nothing amazing, but they actually made their carnitas there.If you MUST bring your kids to Vegas, this might be a good place to stay--there were tons of kids there.  But Vegas with the kids?  Really?  Are you sure that's a good idea?  How about ANYWHERE ELSE?!  Or leave them at Grandma's.Circus Circus.  More like 'I Didn't Like-cus it There-cus.'
1	Dump!!!!  Please take a wrecking ball to this place ASAP......  I'd rather sleep on the streets, next to the porn peddlers than ever stay a night in this rats anus...  I just threw up in my mouth thinking about it....
3	Aww, everyone is so harsh on Circus Circus!I kind of like this seedy little place.  The location is great and I like the layout inside.  I highly recommend the Slots of Fun out back - pure gambling bliss at insanely cheap prices.  The Adventuredome is great for kids, though last time I went I found it pretty lameo.  The carnival games area is the best though - first time I was here as a kid I won SO many stuffed animals that I had to give some away because I wouldn't have been able to get them all home on the plane.  Anyway, when you go to Vegas you at least have to visit Circus Circus.  It's a Strip institution!
2	Hello Hello!Why do people think that repeating something automatically makes it better?  "New York New York," "Girls, girls, girls," "ylang ylang," "Circus Circus????"  I think it's all a big ploy by the Department of Redundancy Department, and it's kind of like dessert that repeats.You can repeat the word "circus" a hundred times, but it's not going to make this hotel any better.  The North end of the strip has already seen Stardust and Frontier implosions, and it's only a matter of time until Circus Circus is reduced to a pile of rubble.  Don't worry, though, a few years later a big $3 billion dollar monstrosity with a helicopter pad, 36 12,000-square-foot suites and a revolving Japanese tea garden will be erected in its place.  Circus Circus will go the way of The Sands and disappear into the night.The only reason I gave Circus Circus 2 stars (or "star star," if you prefer) is because of the great deals to be had there.  I stayed there Wednesday through Saturday of last week, and I only paid $83 per room FOR ALL THREE NIGHTS.  Yep, $25/night plus tax.  Even Motel 6 would probably charge you more.  Of course, $15 cab rides to the Bellagio cut into my profit margin, but if you don't mind a 45-minute walk or a short bus ride, you can really save some money.Do yourself a favor and stay in the main tower.  The lowest rate published on most sites refers to the "manor" rooms.  The "Manor" is a series of connected buildings located on the territory of the hotel.  They look really sketchy.  In fact, it evoked memories of the motel from "My Name Is Earl" and the motel from "No Country For Old Men."  Ummm, yeah.We stayed in one of the main towers, where they seemed to have run out of non-smoking rooms.  I was relegated to a smoking room, which, the front desk clerk assured me, "housekeeping can spray to get rid of the smell."  When I walked in, my room reeked of cigarette smoke.  A nice gentleman of Vietnamese descent showed up a few minutes later with a bottle of commercial strength Febreze.  After a mere 10 seconds, my room smelled like potpourri of Febreze and cigarette smoke.  Ummm, thanks?Circus Circus is also home to one of the very few buffets in Vegas where the customer has to get his/her own drinks.  They don't even serve you coffee in the morning.  Are you serious?I guess Circus Circus is a great place for kids, because what eight-year-old kid doesn't like clowns, plush toys and anything circus?  Also, what eight-year-old kid doesn't need to know about the dangers of splitting tens or taking a 6-team parlay with 6 road favorites?  Public schools sure as hell won't teach them that, so, once again, it's parents to the rescue.I also love the adults who line up to win tokens at the Circus Circus arcade.  Congratulations, dumba$$e$.  You've done it!  You've found the only slot machines in Vegas that NEVER pay.  Go crazy!Even at $25/night, I am still not convinced Circus Circus is a great deal.  Although, compared to Hooters Hotel and Casino (http://www.yelp.com/biz/hooters-casino-hotel-las-vegas#hrid:5rFXtgeUzRhIdR68wB-_JQ) . . .
2	I knew what I was getting into when I booked reservations at this hotel so I can't really say I was surprised at the experience. I was expecting dumpy, run down, lots of kids and probably not that great of service and that's basically what we got. Why'd I still go ahead and book my reservation? Frightdome. Frightdome was one of the big reasons we came to Vegas on this trip. So we figured "Might as well book a room in the same hotel that Frightdome will be in so we can just crawl back to our rooms when all is said and done." and that's basically what we did. We booked a room for Saturday night. Arrived a couple of hours before Frightdome was set to open, dropped our bags off in the room and actually rested a bit. To be honest...the rooms were actually pretty decent and the walls must have been super thick because I never heard anyone in the hallway or in the rooms around us the entire time. The hotel/casino itself like I stated before is rundown and just not a pleasant experience. But on the upside it was a 10 minute walk from our room to Frightdome. Check in was a nightmare. They only had two people checking people in. We got in about a 20 person line and by the time we got up to the desk the line had doubled. When I commented about the lack of staff the person checking us in said that the hotel had made lots of cuts. Wonderful. Oh, well. We had a decent night's sleep and got the hell out of dodge come 8am.
4	I usually don't give half ratings, but Circus Circus is really a 3.5 - I've never stayed here myself, so I don't know how nice their rooms are, but I've heard it's a super good deal compared to other Vegas hotels.  CONS:- Lobby/main entrance area is almost always filled w/visitors packed in like sardines- People sleep in the lobby/main entrance area like they're homeless...- Terrible ambiance, it always feels dirty and unsafe- Clowns suckPROS:- Great place for kids (Adventuredome and that place upstairs with carnival games)Whenever I'm in Vegas, I have to stop by Circus Circus, just because it's tradition.  My parents started bringing me here at the age of 4, just to play the carnival games.  I still remember that one time I made my father spend so much $ to win me this *Nsync poster.  I finally got it (the last one too) and a girl came up to me and offered me $100 for it.  I told her no - which I completely regret now :(  Another time, I brought my cousin with me to Adventuredome and we rode that big ship that swings back and forth.  It was my first time and I thought it was so fun, we rode it 3 times.  After the 3rd, she got off and threw up all over the place.  Good times!As dirty and unsafe Circus Circus may seem, this place will always have a special place in my heart.P.S.  To all the people who don't understand why there are so many children in this hotel/casino, NEWS FLASH, it's pretty obvious.  Las Vegas is pretty much a 21+ vacation destination, but what about families who have kids?  That's where Circus Circus comes in.  They target the people under 21 and they make bank off of that.  Use your brain, people.  No one comes here 'cause it's a beautiful hotel with sophisticated people (as much as I'd hate to admit, the Wynn for example), people come here for literally the "circus".
1	This place is just all kinds of BAD!  *Smells terrible!*Casino is claustrophobic as all hell!*Endless rows of penny slots frantically being played by people in fanny packs and matching "What Happens In Vegas..." t-shirts.  *More children running amok than parents to corral them.*A KOA Kampground out back?!  Are you kidding me?!?*I can't even imagine what the rooms look / smell like!Could not get out the door fast enough to avoid feeling like I needed an immediate shower.The only thing that could possibly make it even a tiny bit better is if the valets were dressed like clowns......except the cars would run over their big shoes.
1	I stayed here one time with few friends.. DID NOT ENJOY ITthe location is off the strip. a little bit far from everything. the area looks a little bit ghetto, the room was old/smells too.Casino of course is old/smells too. I pretty much did not stay unless i really wanted to sleep.
3	It wasn't bad, it wasn't great.  I liked the whole check in process.  It was very organized and very professional.  The directions they gave us to our room could've been better, and it would have been nice to have a taxi company's name and number listed by the phone in our room, because I could NOT figure out the bus schedules.  I didn't like the fact that when I tried to walk to the Stratosphere I had to walk allllllllllll the way around the building instead of being able to just walk right out to the street.  ** Whatever you do, don't use the shampoo that they give you in your hotel room!  It really screwed up my hair so badly that I had to walk to Sephora down the street and buy some expensive conditioner to get it back to normal.
3	Hey I wouldn't recommend that you have your honeymoon here, but for a last minute room when every casino is booked cuz of queen madonna, the worlds series of poker, and the air show... I'll give it a whirl since I still have fond memories of spending a whole day trying to win stuffed animals and walking 12 miles going around and around considering what to play.  (And i didn't want to stay off the strip)  For nostalgia, memories, or trying to be 12 again, I went upstairs to see if I still had the stuffed animal winning touch.  I was surprised to see that most of the same games were still there!  I concentrated on the Tic-tac-toe since it had the cutest and best price for a first win.  I'm not playing a game where you have to trade 15X to get something decent!  Hint, if you have a room they give you a book of coupons that let you play 2 for 1!  I played a total of 6x or $3.  I won twice!  I guess I still have it.  Hint #2 if your asian and your nice, the gamekeeper might let you lean over the table to float the ball in the right hole.  I got a blue bear and a pink bear that wears a "Property of circus circus hoodie".  Awww how cute!Regarding the rooms... Like I said it's no honeymoon suite, but my room was clean.  I'm a guy, as long as it's clean, i'm straight.  Strangely the lock on my room was broken and I only  realized it when I was leaving for Madonna.  Luckily I didn't have any valuables.  I called the front desk and they said they would send someone to fix it.  No one came and in the morning I called to bitch again.  I ended up talking to a sup and she sent a housekeeper to verify.  She thought I was one of those freeloading leeches that just bitches to get a free room.  Apparently there are alot of freeloading leeching customers.  The housekeeper opened the door while i was completely nekked trying to put my clothes on.  Apparently she didn't mind and just kept on messing with the door.  Finally I got my boxers on.  She left, the sup called me back and I got a free room.  Comped baby!
1	I am so embarrassed...I am a member of yelp and I didnt even bother to use yelp for reviews in circus circus before I booked a room. But I will sure use yelp to write a review on circus circus.GHETTO!!!!! Its the same as it was when they built it. Just really sketchy. I felt very uncomfortable and didnt want tostay there. Room was yucky, bathtub didnt drain, toilet leaked, very outdated and an old box of baking soda outside the window.....hmm...and wierd carvings inside the desk drawer. They also had to use a sharpie pen to write the numbers on the elevators.Oi....We left a day early and I will never stay there again.
2	cheap rooms, crappy food, cheap drinks, lots of gaming , great for kids, circus midway with free shows & super-cheap theme park @ adventuredome. RIGHT next door is the slots-of-fun for even cheaper drink & gaming. Its pretty obvious you are in the shit here but at least theres a bus stop out front & a short cab line.
4	Why is the average rating 2 stars?  I mean, do these people who are rating 2 stars know what to expect from Circus Circus?  If you're expecting a Ritz Carlton, it's not going to happen.  I've never stayed here, but GET OVER IT.  Circus Circus is the best :)I actually just visited last night (Sunday) and it was perfect 'cause it wasn't as crowded as it usually is on Fridays and Saturdays.  On Saturday, we had purchased tickets for Le Reve (a Cirque Du Soleil show at Wynn) here for 20% off.  The Midway was fun as usual and I won myself a soft, squishy, stuffed, pink piggy.  It's so cute, haha.Only problem is that I dressed too nicely to be at Circus Circus, which was my bad since I forgot to change clothes.  If you're visiting Circus Circus, you seriously don't have to be wearing anything nice.  No name brand or anything, or all the people there will stare at you and make you feel unsafe - as though they're plotting of ways to rob you.I honestly wouldn't recommend you stay here unless you really want to save money.  But to visit and have fun in Adventuredome and the Midway is totally worth it!
4	We chose to go to this hotel since it was dirt cheap and somewhat close to the heart of the strip. We booked at jail like manor rooms with the hope to get an upgrade. My pretty lady slipped the receptionist a $20 and we got upgraded to the new west tower room which was an awesome deal for 3 nights. The room was great, obviously very new with plasma tv nice comfy bed, clean and big bathroom. plus it had a nice view of the strip, I was expecting little kids screaming everywhere I looked but it actually wasn't too bad at all. We went in October so maybe its worse in the summer? The casino was ok, and sports book was tiny but not crowded. The buffet was like a old country buffet so average at best. The carnival games were very fun and we spent many hours wasting dollar after dollar trying to win a 50cent stuffed animal. It was a blast. Say what you will about this place, you get what you pay for. Great place to stay your first time in vegas as I learned. We we will likely go to a hotel closer to the heart of the strip next time, like ti mirage or new york new york. The deuce bus system is a great value but waiting 7-8 minutes between each stop , in front of every freakin hotel gets really annoying  and time consuming fast and better to just walk sometimes.
1	Ugh, this place.  So ugly and so prominent.  Even in this town of overly-aggressive timeshare salespeople, this place is really obnoxious.  We actually exited through the employee's entrance and got lost in the trailer park behind this place and STILL agreed that it was better than leaving through the main doors.  Peeps, if we already own a timeshare, we ain't buying one of yours.  And your shows are lame, mmkay?The dining upstairs is sort-of okay.  But that's a different review because I'm determined to give this place its default star.  Effing clowns.Oh, if you're one of those folks who's hanging on to nostalgia for this joint, hurry up and get it out of layaway.  According to that one lady selling me tickets to KA, this place is closing for good in a year.
1	you should only stay here for 3 reasons:1.) you are a college kid or are on an EXTREMELY tight budget2.) you are going with a group of your friends and would rather spend money on booze, strippers, etc. etc. than on your hotel room.3.) you are bringing your kids and they INSIST on staying here (you can stay at excaliber for roughly the same price and get better service)other than that you can find a nicer hotel for a little bit more money. the 3 cheapest hotels i have found on the main strip in vegas are Circus Circus, Stratosphere, and The Sahara. I dont think this hotel has been cleaned since the late 1970's. when you walk into the room there are clowns everywhere and for some people that could be a traumatic experience. The circus act show they have in the main room and the pink dome with the rides is cool i guess, but is that what you really came to vegas for?
1	Well, it's cheap and you can park an RV here.  While it's on the Strip and seems like a good deal, do not stay here.  Stay somewhere else.   Seriously, this place needs a total fumigation and makeover.  And maybe a tetanus shot.There are better deals.
2	My wife booked a room at this hotel for our return trip from Disneyland to Orem, UT.  We had initially booked at room at the Plaza Hotel and Casino but decided against it after we spent the night there when we went from Orem, UT to Disneyland.  This place was better but not by much.  Unlike the Plaza, I could feel comfortable in the shower at Circus Circus, but that was about all that I liked.The mattress just about ruined everything for me.  Imagine sleeping on a mattress where the warehouse forgot to put padding over the coils and you felt every coil when you moved in the bed.  That's what it was like for me.  The room was decent but you could hear noises in the hallway.  I had fond memories of staying there about 20 years ago but I guess things have changed.  Would not stay there again.
3	Food: 3/5Service: 3/5Cleanliness: 3/5Decor & Setup: 3/5I like this place because it is cheap. But its an average place.  For kids, its great because of the circus acts and the buffet.  Don't mind coming here when my wallet is low.
1	It's so scary! Bleeding eyes!Not sure when circus themes were ever deemed "okay" but I find Circus Circus blatantly horrific, from the huge menacing clown on their sign to the gaudy[1] interior.It's a casino, though, and their minimum table bets are reasonable for those who aren't high-rollers. Adventuredome's fun for children, but besides that, it doesn't FEEL like a safe place (read: clowns are menacing) - why would you bring kids there (or even to Vegas)? Don't be a bad parent/guardian!If you hate clowns, Circus Circus is not for you! Your mileage may vary.[1] Even by casino standards.
2	It's an OK place..The buffet wasn't all that greatThe steak place across from the buffet is delicious.Our room had a two inch space under the entrance door where we could hear all the noise in the hallway.
2	Drink service deplorable.   Tacky, tacky deco, if you can even call it that.   Its cheap, convenient to the strip.  That's about all I can say.  Hotel rooms dated and some are worn, tho not thread bare.  Average to slightly below average.  Kids EVERYWHERE underfoot.  NOT a fave of mine.  I give it the second star for the occasional decent  free circus acts.
2	Poor Circus Circus. It really is everything they say it is although it was nicer than I expected. Problem is, its very claustrophobic inside, and nostalgic, but not in a good way. The clowns on the wall are borderline too freakish for words and the smell of tobacco is overwhelming. I think though that you'll find that its not as run down as one might expect. It's just tacky. But at 25 bucks a night how can you complain? ? You get what you pay for. It's a place to stay and kids might actually enjoy it. Just hope you're not attacked by creepy clowns in the middle of the night and that a midget doesn't try and hump your leg at the poker table. I saw a few bearded ladies too-- not sure which one of them worked there.
2	Not my ideal hotel by far. But it was cheap and you definitely do get what you pay for. I don't like kids so I wasn't happy about that either. The room decor is perfect for this place. Tacky as hell! But it was a place to lay my head and it wasn't dirty.One plus though was the margarita stand that opened at 10am. Gotta have my breakfast margaritas!!
3	Ehh... maybe it is because I have low standards, and that I have lived a lifestyle in which the toilet was literally a hole in the ground for me to pee on, but I did not have much of a problem with staying here.  There are honestly superior hotels in the strip, but if you've lived in a straw hut like I did you'd at least be thankful that your stuff will be safe whilst you enjoy Vegas.You're not visiting Vegas to sulk in a pretty hotel, are you?  What is this, Lost in Translation?
4	My 5 star rating is weighted like this: 75% hotel, 25% casino. ===== THE HOTELI have now stayed there twice, and YES, I stayed there again on purpose.  There is one very important thing to note:********** YOU MUST STAY IN THE WEST TOWER! **********The west tower was recently upgraded, and it is wonderful.  The rooms still smell like new carpet, which is so much better than the other plethora of smells you can get in a hotel.  The rooms are reminiscent of Signature at MGM, but slightly smaller.  For this very nice room with one king, we paid $43.05 per night.********** I REPEAT, WE PAID $43.05/NIGHT FOR 3 NIGHTS! **********You can't stay that cheap almost anywhere, much less in Vegas, much less in a NICE room.  Granted, we did get a "Buy 2 get 1 Free" deal, though the 3rd night would have only been $29 more...not bad.On our most recent stay, we were given the room that is built for challenged people, and thus it had a different bathroom.  Normally, this is considered an upgrade, but I would definitely disagree in this case.  The show had height adjustable head, though it wouldn't move.  There was also a platform for a person to sit on while they bathe, but it just took up space.  There was much less counter space than the normal room we had stayed in previously, and the mirror was much smaller as well (my girlfriend didn't care for that).===== FOODInside the hotel are about 5 different eateries.  Its to their advantage that you go in not expecting very much, as you come away very pleasantly surprised.  The Garden Grill had really great food...the caesar salad was delicious as were the filet minon sliders.  The service was good but maybe a bit slow.  Don't hesitate to go here!The Casino Cafe had the best eggs benedict I've ever eaten, and that is the only breakfast item I ever order.  I have been craving it since I ate there!  The service here is worse than Garden Grill, but the waiters do mean well.  Our waiter was an older asian gentleman with a strong accent, and stronger sense of humor.  A few times I wasn't sure what he said and he said "sorry sorry, I know I talk funny".  He had a lot of endearing qualities  and we tipped him very well for his good-hearted nature.  I suppose I should review Krispy Kreme too since I had a doughnut there.  Service is horrible, but its Krispy Kreme within 50 ft. of the roulette tables...nuf' said.  ===== THE CASINOHonestly, I like the casino.  Maybe its because I generally do very well on their tables.  Without being able to put a finger on it, I like the casino for its table games (specifically, roulette).  It can get crowded sometimes, but otherwise the dealers are cool (Jorge and Rodriguez are a couple funny ones).  For roulette fans, they also have 6 video roulette machines that are hard to find elsewhere. ===== THE PLAY AREAIf you like to act like a kid and can put up with real kids for awhile, the big top is fun.  Its deceivingly large... there are 2 full-size rollercoasters and a mountain inside.  Theres a ton of games that you don't see every day, and my girlfriend and I enjoy going in there for maybe 30 minutes at a time...then getting the hell out of there.  It smells just like The Log Jammer at Six Flags Magic Mountain inside the dome (in case anyone knows that musty, water and oil smell), and I get nostalgic when I smell it.===== Location: Its not very close to anything, so -1 here.===== The Goods:  The room was great, as was the food.  ===== Ambiance:  There are definitely more kids than other hotels, but in the casino you don't see them, so -1 out of 10 for that.===== Overall:  I won't hesitate to stay there for the 3rd time, but ONLY if we can stay in one of the West Tower rooms.
2	2 stars for the cheap tables and slot machines that were kinda loose when we went.  the circus games also look like they could be good fun for kids.minus 2 stars for the HORRIBLE room we stayed in one night-from bed, i could actually hear every single word of the family guy episode the people in the room next to me were watching.  Had the bed been at least somewhat soft, maybe i could have slept, but that thing was hard as a rock.  the shower also had zero water pressure.  the buffet was DISGUSTING.  seriously, gross.  everything i tried was tried out or tasteless or tough to eat, so i went with something safe, fruit, and even that was unripe and difficult to eat.  i actually kinda feel bad for this place, because i feel like people keep giving it chances and it keeps disappointing.
3	Circus Circus is a family hotel. My family used to stay here when we went to Vegas because it was cheap and had a midway section and it was on the strip, albeit not in the middle. But it allowed my parents to gamble and us kids to play games, all in the same casino, and that was good enough. I love playing midway games and winning stuffed animals, so this would be why I give Circus Circus 3 stars. Yes, the hotel rooms are not that great and sometimes smell funny, but come on, it's CHEAP! Not to mention there used to be a 99 cent margarita and hot dog next door at Slots-A-Fun. I'm not sure if it's still there. I know there's a lot of renovation with the towers and Vegas in general.I didn't stay anywhere near here on my most recent visit to Vegas, but I came to play the midway games. There's something that makes this casino a bit depressing now. It seemed like no one was here and the games were harder and the stuffed animals not as cute. Also, back in the days, a lot of cute guys worked at the midway. Now, it's like all old people. It made me really sad. What the hell happened??
1	This hotel is cheap but its all the way at the end of the strip which really sucks.. i remember when i came here in highschool i was freaked out. the clowns on the walls scared the freakin crap out of me! I remember getting off the elavator to go to the room and when the doors opened i remembered thinking " umm.. did i just take the elavator to hell? SHIT! " I hated the decor the halls and the decor in the halls looked like death. The only good thing about this hotel was the dome..! =( i hate clowns....
2	Pro'sSuper CheapRooms were actually spacey and the beds were pretty comfortable - hard to believe I knowCon'sTerrible location (you're going to have to taxi all over the place to get to civilization)Club? noCasino - not very fun... :(Food - ick
2	For the prices we paid to stay here two nights, (over $200 total) I expected a nice room with a fair view. When I ordered the tower king rooms, I did NOT expect to only be on the fifth floor and only get to see the very top of the below building. Nor did I expect them to place us in an area undergoing construction! We should have at least gotten a discount for putting up with that!Plus, when we checked in, there was a HUGE line that took forever to get through. Our room amenities were limited to a very small bottle of lotion, a miniscule amount of shampoo+conditioner in one, and one lego-sized cube of soap. The alarm on the clock didn't work, and there were chips of paint missing all over the toilet seat. Plus, the bath drain would get clogged and fill up during a shower. The hotel itself had tons of entertainment opportunities, such as the adventuredome, casino, arcade, carnival-area, and pool. But the staff in the carnival area were rude, and one even told us we weren't allowed to sit in the lounge chairs. Like, wtf?!? Then what are the effing chairs for?!?Furthermore, the pool is only open from 9 AM to 5 PM, so you can't use the hot tub at night. We were tempted to sneak into another hotel's pool area because we missed the cutoff - but we didn't.Also, you have to pay for internet here, which is the pits. I can deal with 2 or even 5 dollars a day, but it's $11-something here! That's ridiculous! I brought my laptop, but we didn't end up using it at all because of that insane price.The hotel will advertise that it's on a prime part of the strip, but actually it's on the very South edge. Non-in-shape people, like myself, will probably have to pay for other modes of transportation to get to the REAL prime points farther down the strip.On the good side, our bathroom was pretty large, and the hair dryer actually worked. Also, the buffet here is rockin', in my opinion. And I love love love the crazy decorations and lights surrounding the outside.There's also a free, but very minimal, circus show that starts at 11 AM everyday. However, from what I could tell, it was only a few acrobat routines and that was it.On the morning we checked out, there was this really funny clown paid to pretend to be really sleepy in the lobby. I posted a couple pictures - I thought that was a riot. Definitely a great comedic addition.Anyway, I could have paid a quarter of the price at that gross Travel Suites neighboring Circus Circus, and not have gotten even half the hassles we had to deal with here. I also heard Luxor had been doing a $70 dollars a night deal, which I should have gone for considering they're so much more elegant of a hotel.Well, I lived and learned. Circus Circus is not worth it. Though I know it could have been a lot worse.
2	G.H.E.T.T.O.Sadly, this was the 1st place in Vegas that I drank at after I turned 21 when I went on a road trip to Vegas the weekend after my 21st birthday on Labor Day weekend.  Drank at some bar on the 2nd floor while watching a college football game and waiting for my family to be done in the carnival game room.  Got carded and everything.  Hoorah!Played some games, won some prizes, gave some to my future gf (now ex) when I got back home, and gave the rest to my little sister.That new mini-amusement park they added here that they charge admission to is HELLA GHETTO!  Makes this Circus Circus more ghetto than the one up in Reno.This place is really run down and old like some of the older Las Vegas hotels that are still around.There's no point in coming to this Circus Circus in Vegas unless you have kids and had to bring them with you to Vegas.
3	I been coming to this hotel since I was a little boy when my family would visit Vegas every year. Strange, it seems to more fun as a youngster than as an adult, but I guess the Midway Arcade is more entertaining as a kid then as a adult. Perhaps because I'm older and making my own money, gaming at Circus Circus isn't appealing like at the other casinos. But when I come back to this place, it brings back a lot of memories.
3	How can you complain?  Rooms on the weekend- yes WEEKEND- are sometimes priced below $20- and that isn't for the Manor rooms, that's for a tower room.  Three weeks ago, I booked a flight from San Francisco to Vegas, PLUS four nights at Circus Circus for $170.  Compared to other strip hotels, Circus Circus is filthy.  Once the largest casino and hotel in Vegas, it's now ready to be torn down.  It makes sense to stay at Circus Circus- I mean, who really stays in their hotel room in Vegas.  If you have a "west Tower" room, the rooms are as nice as Bally's or Harrah's- almost as nice as MGM.  It's always my recommendation to get a cheap room here, and then spend your time on the South Strip.  Take all that money you saved and play some blackjack on Fremont Street (better odds and selection).  I think it's silly how people spend over $200/night for a room, when they're hardly there.  If you have children, go to Excalibur, not Circus Circus.  If you want to stay in you're room, and watch TV, and have no idea how to vacation, then spend $400/night at bellagio or the Venitian, not Circus Circus.  If you're looking just for a room that's clean and will sleep you well, and a casino that gives you a "decent" gaming experience without the large crowds and high limits, then Circus Circus is for you.
1	My retinas are still burning from the time I drove to Vegas with a co-worker for a conference, arrived at 6 a.m. and went in to the coffee shopat Circus Circus for a bite. This place had apparently been decorated bya graduate of the "3 Stooges School of Interior Decoration. "It's SHOCKING PINK!! and BRIGHT RED!! color scheme was like a pokein the eyes, while it's nauseating merry-go-round theme was like a double slap in the face, Nyuck, nyuck,nyuck. Larry, Moe and Curly wouldbe proud.When we eventually checked into our room, you guessed it, freakin' clowns everywhere. It also reeked of cigarette smoke,even though it was supposed to be a smoke-free room. Great... That was the last time I ever let someone else make travel arrangementsfor me and the last time I ever stayed at this dump. It gets one starfor being super-cheap ( our hotel bill was $ 12.50 a night per person)but that is pretty much it's only redeeming quality.
4	you know, circus circus is not as bad as you think. yes it's old. yes it smells like smoke.. but what casino doesnt smell like smoke. The new ones, just cuz it's new and probably have better air filters. and yes it's a clustered and yes the color schemes are bright and not so attractive.but if you're a kid, circus circus is the best, you get the midway-arcade to go play while your parents are downstairs playing their "midway" even if you're a young adult now, it's nice to go back to circus circus for the midway games..it's way better than excalibur. Sometimes it's nice for a change.hotel rooms.. i havent been here since i was a young teen. but from what i remember the manors are crappy. the rooms on the tower is quite old, but i heard they remodeled it. But ever since they built the West Tower, we stayed there all the time when we do book circus. It's newer and cleaner and is not smokey. i do recommend this place for families cuz both children and adults can have fun. and the rooms are cheap and it's really not that bad. I find it sad to see adults playing at the casinos of bellgio, venetian, paris, etc and u see kids just standing off to the side or even at the lobby. they cant do anything. i do think circus circus deserve 4 stars.. not because it's classy and brand new, or trendy.. but because for entertainment. everyone can have fun there. i guess part of me whenever i see circus circus it brings back good memories of the times when i was a little girl and my parents would book a room for thefamily and us kids get to watch free shows, and play the arcade and midway games, while my mom would help us hold our jackets and stuffed animals. but now that i'm older, being around the main strip where all the clubs are happening.. sometimes it's nice to walk back down the memory lane to circus circus, enjoy a few midway games and be away from the clubbing scenes.
1	nasty nasty. lame lame. i stayed here for free , 10yrs ago & i was pissed. nasty, run-down, ghetto, nasty food, brats etc.  after midnite, there's dozens of  snoop dogg look-alike patrons acting shady on the casino floor.  i believe this place pioneered the vegas buffet .  it's historic & i guess it makes money. i've popped in a few times over the years & it hasn't changed.  they should tear it down & make it classy & modern w/the same circus theme. you've been warned dogg.
2	My advice is to get totally piss drunk and then go to your room. This way you will not notice the peeling wallpaper , stinky hallways and huge moths that fly into your room. It is definitely what you pay for.
2	i nicknamed this "resort" the Shits Carlton!!! i decided to drive, last-minute, to Vegas on saturday night on Memorial Day weekend....so as you might expect, there wern't a great deal of rooms available.  so we decided to stay at Circus Circus. Jesus Christ. 1. when we got there they had given away our room....so they "upgraded" us for free.....when we got to our room and discovered it was exactly what you'd expect from a motel 6 (basic meat and potatoes room)  we shuttered to think that it was an "upgrade"....WHAT KIND OF GHETTO-ASS ROOM WERE YOU PLANNING ON PUTTING ME IN?!?!2. The Pool....70% Urine, 20% Water, 10% miscellaneous!!!  i'm serious, it had a green tint and was full of children, who i witnessed drink 11 juice boxes, a piece, and NEVER take a bathroom break; do the math.  when i go to Vegas, one of my FAVORITE things to do is hang at the pool all day....not here, no way, i wasn't dipping my fucking toe in that water!3. CLOWNS!!!! THE PLACE IS FUCKING CIRCUS THEMED!!! COME ON!!!4. The worst part about staying somewhere EVERYONE can afford isn't the quality...it's the fact that EVERYONE can afford it, SO THEY'LL BE THERE!  Just to go from one end of the casino to the other i'd have to wade through LITTER ALLY 30 minutes of white trash, and, 200 year-old Asian ladies who are always confused, etc.  (if that wasn't PC, forgive me, but i just got back).  This place is OVERCROWDED with people that don't wear deodorant, sleeves or shoes!!!5. The floor is sticky, so are the walls...DON'T TOUCH ANYTHING6. It'd be fine if it was geared for low-income grownups, but its not....its geared for FAMILIES!  THE PLACE IS A FUCKING CHUCK-E-CHEESE!!!! So the gift shops aren't full of cool shit like at most casinos (like crystal statues, shot glasses, etc)  its full of stuffed animals and toys....the kind of shit you see at swap meet!7. our maid keyed into the room without asking, and WITHOUT A WORD began searching the room for her cell phone.  now i want you to imagine that.  you are standing there talking to your friend, in your hotel room, in the middle of the day.  SUDDENLY the lock clicks, the door opens, and a small mexican lady just starts combing your belongings without even looking at you.  you try and say "excuse me, can i help you?" and her reply, while lifting up your luggage and looking under it is "cell phone"  .....seriously?if its between this place and not going to Vegas...Don't go.
1	We approached Circus Circus with the sole intent of visiting the Horsearound Bar. After getting a footlong at the lovely Slots O' Fun next door, we sauntered over to Circus Circus. The first visual - a woman, bent over the divider wall right out front, hurling chunks, as her friend held her hair. When she was done, she went back inside. Classy. Go OUTSIDE to puke (lure in the patrons) and go back in when you're done. Once inside, it was as expected - full of your average state fair crowd (lowlifes, screaming kids, overweight people with fanny packs and roots.) The ceilings in here are unusually low and there is an overwhelming sense of panic as one makes his or her way through the masses. Built in 1968, I am amazed that it is still standing. Even at the time, it was considered tacky. They used to have real circus animals and one of the games was to throw balls at an elephants' privates to see if he would scream (one would win a prize.) I can't say it has improved much over the years. The facade is scary, the inside is scary...how, in the age of the Wynn, is this place still around? I mean, I love old Vegas and wish that they hadn't torn down the Stardust and the Frontier...but THIS place is beyond grotesque. Thank goodness the Horsearound Bar was open and functional when we got upstairs. That was worth paving our way up the "midway." Highlight - they have a classic "dip and dunk" photobooth upstairs for a mere $3!! I have looked high and low for one of these for years. They have two! If you can handle the torture that is Circus Circus, make you way upstairs for a spin on the Horsearound and a photobooth picture.
2	Was more smokey than other casino's.  We have a great time playing all the games.
1	This place SUCKED big time. As this was for a business trip, I had to find a cheap place to stay. It was either this place or Luxor. Really disappointed I didn't choose the Luxor. The restaurants here all sucked. They closed early and were overpriced. Didn't try their in house buffet but I heard quite a few grunts and belly aching from those who did. The layout of the place also thoroughly sucks. From the check in desk to my room, it took two escalators and two elevators rides. That and I had to walk from one end of the lobby to the other just to get to my room. If ever a hotel was to be demolished, this one should be it.The rooms are what you'd expect from a Motel 6 or other seedy looking roadside motel. What I particularly enjoyed about the staff was that they never gave me shampoo. They kept giving me more bars of soap (don't ever use thier soap) and bottles of conditioner. By the end of the week, I had about 10 bars of soap and about 6 bottles of conditioner. Keep in mind this was after I asked them to give me shampoo after the first night. I ultimately had to go to the convenience store in the lobby to buy my own bar soap and shampoo. Price? $12 for stuff that was supposed to be included. That $12 was their "tip".The only upsides to this place are that it's close to the convention center, it's dirt cheap to stay here and the gambling here is also cheap. Other than that, this place sucked.
1	Came here with my family once and both my mom and I got food poisoning from eating here.  Not only that but I got it after eating a lasagna at a supposedly "nice" Italian restaurant in the hotel that we had to wait an hour to get into.  Thanks for the worse Vegas trip ever, at least the day I got sick and starting yacking everywhere was the day we left =/
2	You Get What You Pay For.. We went here over the long weekend of July 4th. The hotel needs an upgrade. This place is definitely kids friendly. The security had hard time keeping kids off the gaming areas as it overlooks to free circus acts and shows. Very congested. Very smoky. Dont let your kids stand near gaming areas for long time. Be prepare to take long walks from front entrance (Las vegas blvd)  to your rooms. Dont buy any personal items, souvenirs and gifts here chances are that you paid too much in this hotel. House keeping service was good and prompt.  We stayed on the 29th floor of this hotel and the floor hallway was like an oven. The rooms have individual A/C, so you are in good shape there. If you can afford a little bit more, you could stay at better hotels on strip. I will not stay here next time.
3	Not that other reviews unduly influence my own, but the people on this page are utterly entertaining. And in the spirit of not throwing in a statistical outlier, I won't put up a 5-star here. But I had a great time here.Mind you I did not stay here - I am cheap, but not THAT cheap. My friends and I wandered over here around 11 PM looking for something to do and found the second level with all the carnival games. We had a blast with the horse racing game (where you slide the ball down the ramp and if you drop the ball in the red hole, the horse advances farther), the water race (shoot the clown's mouth), and a wide variety of games I had not played since I was 12. Granted the folks working here looked completely miserable (it was past midnight by the time we got to some of them) and I felt bad for them since there wasn't much business. But I really loved this place as a kid and returning here made me nostalgic for a time of my life that is long gone, save in my mind. Don't be so cruel to this place, Yelpers! Just don't stay here and you'll be fine. It's only a 15 minute walk from the Wynn, where I was. Now that's a fine place to sleep. ;-)
2	I don't like this place but I don't hate it.  Riding the escalator we heard music that sounded like something that would be playing upon entering hell.  We played a few Midway games and won a stuffed animal that we through out because we felt it would give our child a disease.
3	For some reason despite this casino being old, dirty and smokey and that is why I give it three stars.  You come out smelling like a cigarette and your ears are hurting due to the huge crowds and the kids screaming and yelling.  However, it is a family casino. I never stayed here even though the prices are cheap $26 dollars a night, I am sure what you pay is what you get.  They did remodeled he place a bit especially near the adventuredome.  I ate at the buffet as well, and it was horrible.However, I definitely love going here. I like playing their dollar games and it does not put a dent in my wallet.  I do like playing the arcade games and liked the adventuredome as well.  You can buy the unlimited pass for $25 dollars and get on most of the rides in a day or so.  I win several prizes here as well, but they are cheap looking though.
1	I'm only a teenager and yet I'm a hardened Vegas veteran because my mother is a slotmachine addict. Since there's really nothing for the under 18-21 crowd except arcades and shopping, I decided to visit the hotel of my childhood after nearly a decade. BAD MISTAKE. I'm really a snob at certain aspects. If you want a "Family" hotel, go to New York New York at least! The people aren't as seedy and the environment is way more exciting and cleaner. Don't stay at Circus Circus because you think the rides will appeal to your children! You're wrong! I went on most of them and they were all dirty, painful, and underwhelming.My god.. parents! Don't allow yourself and your children to wallow in such grime. You're going to return from vacation with a still-throbbing migraine because you never had a good night's rest in that barely vacuumed hotel room and you're going to have deal with that cold your child has because he or she was surrounded by hundreds of screaming greasey little kids.You're in Vegas - so live a little! PS - I consider their 1/2 lb, footlong hotdog for $3 to be the only highlight of the hotel.
3	A few friends and I stayed at Circus Circus for two nights last week, and as a bunch of 21 year olds, I must say we had a little more fun at the casinos than at Midway and the Adventuredome. The games at Midway are classic games that you play as a kid (like throwing a ping pong ball into a little glass cup or throwing darts at a balloon to try and pop it), and of course they're expensive, but what really bothered me was the crappiness of the stuffed animals that you got after winning once. In order to get the bigger nicer stuffed animals, you would have to win multiple times and then trade your crappy little ugly stuffed animals for the bigger ones. Kinda sucked.Adventuredome really didnt look like too much fun. I really had no want to ride any of the rides or buy anything. The casinos were much better, although the card dealers weren't very nice. I definitely got yelled at by this one dealer multiple times for nothing. She was a beezy for sure. I sat at her black jack table for a good couple hours, and the next day she also carded me again. Then yelled at me for something again. Really did not like her and it kind of ruined the experience for me. And call me mean, but there are way too many bratty little kids there for my liking. Why on earth would you take your child to vegas for a vacation? i have no idea.
1	ATTENTION demolition experts!  Blow this place up!What can I say?  Unlike some of the old "this is Vegas past" hotels and casinos found downtown (Binions, El Cortez), this place needs to be leveled.  In it's hey day this is where my friends and I would shack up for a cheap weekend on the loose.  We would get one of those motel rooms out back and squeeze six of us into two full sized beds.  But back then it was clean and doable.  Today I wouldn't go anywhere near one of those rooms as the place has really decayed without maintenance since the 1970's.As soon as you enter this denizen of filth you notice the unmistakable smell which seems to be a concoction of cigs, booze, filth, unclean patrons, and vomit.  Then comes the reality that there are hundreds of loud, out of control children running around loose with twenty bucks in their pockets as they try to win straw stuffed animals and characters from the pseudo midway games.  The casino looks and feels like it has not been wiped down for decades.  Sticky everywhere you don't want to touch anything unless you are packing a roll of Brawny and a spray bottle of bleach.So, unless you are one who likes such an environment, I highly suggest going downtown if you want that "old Vegas" experience.
2	I like it here. It is just too far from the real strip where all the fun is.This is too kid friendly for me. I wouldn't come here, except for the games. That's it.
2	We spent the early morning sleeping here last week after driving who knows how many hours on our way home from New Mexico. I have to say the room was cheap even for the upgraded one we were in. It was decent, still we brought our own pillows and blankets. The complaint is about the room service. Yes the morning buffet would have been a better value but no one was about to stay up any longer to go down to the buffet. The tab came to $51 for 2 eggs and hashbrowns, 1 oatmeal and 2 oj's!! Crazy expensive.... they really got us there!
1	Really disappointed with Circus Circus. I have great memories of this place from when I was an out of control kid. And then from my 21st birthday. But when we came here again, I was shocked. It was filthy, crowded, run down and embarassing. The circus shows weren't even close to what they used to be. It needs a rehaul or to be razed.
1	$30 - you get what you pay for.If not for Circus Circus, folks from California ghettos would never get to vacation.What a cesspool.Opt for Excalibur. ~ the same price, but it's much nicer and in a perfect location.
1	Wow! is all I can say about Circus Circus. Five days in Vegas and everyday I brought up going to see the infamous Circus Circus. I wanted to see old Vegas. On our last day in Vegas our group indulged me and we took a trip to Circus Circus.I remember as a child my friends talking about this cool casino in where the kids had a wonderland of arcade games and where circus acts are performing overhead while there parents play black jack. We rolled up to Circus Circus and I see all these cheesy old school Vegas lights. I was pumped up!  As I walked in I couldnt believe my eyes. Circus Circus looked like a  toxic waste dump. Sadly Circus Circus looked like an old prostitute who had her best days twenty years ago. The casino is completely outdated, dirty, and just looked like something sad. I caught the circus act which featured a decent performance but the presentation, stage, and lighting looked like it was from 1927. Walking upstairs I was afraid for all the children. I could never imagine letting my kids touch anything in this space.If you have never been you should at least pass by the casino. This place is historical in its own way so it deserves a visit. This is old Vegas but I would never eat, gamble, or stay in its hotel.Truely dissapointed.....
1	**EXCUSE MY LANGUAGE, I AM VERY ANGRY**-Is it just me, or is EVERYONE who works here Chinese/Philippino? I'm not trying to sound racist, but really... what the hell? -When walking in the promenade "mall" I guess it was the same day Criss Angel was there, so I was crowded between smelly, sweaty teenagers and if I stopped for not even two seconds a security guard would approach me and tell me to keep walking. This place seriously needs to work on organizing their lines.-The pool was a lovely shade of brownish green, and if it was a crayon color it would be named Diarrhea Delight. They need to do some serious cleaning in there because not even my little brother wanted to swim. -It took me fifteen minutes just to walk to the elevator from the lobby, and I nearly got lost every time. This place is huge. Walking around past the casino and around the whole hotel really isn't fun. Especially when it's 2 in the morning and I just want to go to fucking sleep.-Everywhere I walked it smelled horrible. Walking around the casino in Circus Circus is like rolling around in an ash tray, naked. Oh, and I just love the drunk ass ghetto guys running around. More entertaining than the circus acts.-The buffet was GROSS, and for being so expensive you'd expect it to be DECENT at the least. The mashed potatoes were boxed, all the soda tasted like Listerine, and the meat was disgusting. Salad was okay though. Every restaurant in there was so expensive, and definitely not worth it.-I won't lie, our room was nice, but what the hell was up with the bottom drawer of the cabinet under the TV being fake? I had to cram all the stuff I brought with the other people I stayed with in two drawers. Overall, this place is a roach motel for clowns. But if you have kids, they'd probably enjoy it.
3	My girlfriend(then) and I stayed here in Vegas. It was cheap, but the room was crappy, 70's looking. Oh well, it's Vegas, so we barely even spent time in our room.
1	This place is a dump, and I mean dump. So, we stayed one night and left the next morning. So we get dropped off by the trolley to were we made a horrible decision destination. The lobby smells like sweat and alcohol and cigs. The staff is horrid and have bad attitudes. We finally get up to are room and find we are not in the West Tower as told we would be in. Which is supposedly their modern tower. We get to our room and the room looked like it wasn't rehabbed ever. The carpets had all stains. The room smelled of cigs and sweat. And NO LATCH LOCK. It was easy to break into. We call our travel agent to ask her what kind of place did you book us into and we demand an upgrade. We were told to contact Circus Circus and they tell us that weren't able to get our money cause it counted as one day. Not even an upgraded room was given to us. The Casino was shitty and so expensive not even a Cocktail waitress walks around in this joint. The whole night we had to sleep with a door in front of our room. Cause yes, there was a child with us. The whole night we spent looking for another hotel and that was when we settled with the GREAT TREASURE ISLAND. When checking out the front desk woman said your making a great choice. You know the place sucks when their own worker said your staying at a horrible place.
1	i didn't really want to go here but Victor C. really really wanted to win a stuffed animal at the quarter toss game - he didn't and neither did i [rigged!]anyhow, as with any casino that i stopped by, i needed to gamble. i've only been here once before, and that was during the whee graveyard hours [probably why it was more bearable then]. this, being probably one of the older casinos and definitely overshadowed by the all the new skyscraper casinos, still attracted A LOT of people. i could see why - it appeals to families. the kids can play on top, and the parentals can have fun adult time downstairs. also, it's one of the cheaper casinos - hence the reason why there were a lot of hispanic and asian people here [as Emmie R. pointed out]. if my parents still gambled, i could totally picture them here.to summarize, i did not like this place because:1) crowded. too crowded. it took too long to park even!2) smoke farm - old buildings especially cannot ventilate well.. or at all.3) family - a lot of moms and pops. it does not mesh well and cramps my gambling style.
4	Hey man, want to save money while at vegas this isnt a bad place, they have a KICK ASS arcade downstairs that beats any and i mean any of the other hotels, i remeber we used to stay at other places but me and my cousins would always walk to circus circus to have ourselves a good TIME!!!TFR
3	Midway games were really fun to play. Casino is a little bit dirty, but they do offer coin slot machines in addition to a wide variety of the newer video slots. The parking lot was a little crowded and felt really dirty, but overall not too bad for a kid friendly place.
3	This was actually better than we expected it to be. Our room wasnt in bad shape, we chose a room in the West Tower 29th floor. It didnt really have that 70's look as we were prepaired for. The casino was good to us. Its one of the only ones we found that had blackjack tables for $3 everyday, every hour. The beer specials in the Sports Bar were also good and made our dollar go alot farther.
2	I have been to Vegas twice in the last 20 days for trade show. The first one the Magic show and the second one Super Zoo. Each time I stayed in a different hotel. I read up on Circus Circus, and as I was on a  budget I thought heck I can do it for 8 hours ( was actually in the room for only 8.5 hours total) The price seemed right... so I thought...Now Vegas is experiencing over 14% unemployment, at a tax rate of 10.5% which for some reason politicians never understand KILLS BUSINESS. TAXES KILL BUSINESS politicians please read and write this on the chalk board 5 thousand times!Not only is the tax rate just insane for this place, but the fees hotels sneak in is crazy and have to be driving business away. I know it making this girl think twice before I go again. Heck I might just camp next time that's how bad it is there, I think. So back to CC, the actually charge you a fee for having a phone in your room... yes you read that right!! $1 gets you a phone! YIPPEE READ BELOWThe following mandatory hotel-imposed fees are charged and collected by the hotel either at check-in or check-out: Telephone fee: $1 per room/night. The above list may not be comprehensive. Mandatory hotel-imposed fees may not include tax and are subject to change.The total came to $32.34TAX $4.39!!! Just what are you dirt bag politicians doing with our money? Paying to get spanked? Oh that's right lobbyists pay you for them to get spanked and your vote... you just buy the drugs and put it under misc. from you slush fundsBack to CC... sorry get side tracked... The beds if that is what you call them in CC. I really thought they were training me to be in the Circus to lay on a bed of nails or glass. THE SPRINGS in the MATTRESS could be felt, I think there was an 1/8th of fabric between me and the mattress... and I have some padding on my own bones...  again I would like to point out that I am a camper, so use to sleeping on the ground. This was sleeping on harsh springy metal! OUCH ALL NIGHT. I tried to sleep on my pillows even!The room was pretty decent in being clean and not feeling like I was going to walk away with some skin rash or worse.  I think it is a few steps up from being a total loss and that is why they are not remodeling yet.I do have something positive to say tho. Their staff and security is great. Nice and personable folks. I had to change rooms due to a partying neighbor and they had no problem moving me and having security meet me to show me to my new room and someone bring me the new key card. My car was safe and I felt safe walking around outside.Of course the security guard looked like he most definitely worked out and was packing a 9mm Smith and Wesson! SEXY!If you have to go cheep this is the place I think... if you need a comfortable bed do not go to this place unless you bring you camping mattress as well.
2	I stayed in the 3rd floor Room 343 and the carpet was dirty. It needs to be replaced. I don't see any security patrolling the rooms? However the housekeeper was friendly and sweet! I regret booking the room there. Next time, I will pay more and stay at Treasure Island.
1	7 Good  Reasons to NOT stay at this hotel.1. The rooms are dirty- and I mean nasty dirty. We checked in and then asked to change rooms 3 times due to heavy smoke smell, mildew and mold growing on the walls, and then large gobs of hair on the bathroom floor.  Not to mention cigarette holes and other random stains on the blankets and sheets. And this was in the more expensive "West Tower" rooms. I can only imagine what the low end rooms are like.2. They will loose your laundry- I guess I should have known better then to send some stuff out given the establishment in general but we needed to have my sons ring bearer tux pressed and I didn't have an alternative. Well, they lost one of my shirts and offered no compensation or even an apology.3. You will NOT get housekeeping service- Overflowing trash and out of towels by day 3,  it wasn't until I went downstairs and raised holy hell after the second night did they send someone to clean our room. I was told this was due to under staffing and the bad economy but seriously.....4. No room service- Oh, excuse me...they do have it from 6am to noon. What good does that do me when I have exhausted children who need dinner and I can't bear the thought of taking them out?!?!?5. The arcade is not maintained- Half of the games and rides do not work and when we went to tell them the DDR machine stole $2 they made us wait 30 min to have a manager sent over to give us our money back. Then they refused to put an out of order sign on the machine....anyone smell a scam? With all of the closures the kids were only able to go on a handful of rides. NOT worth the $18.95 price of admission.6. They will charge you for a phone you don't use- Hidden $1 a night charge to just have the phone in the room. Granted it's only a $1, but REALLY??? A total insult after everything else we had gone through. 7. You will have nowhere to park your car- The valet and self park filled up every evening leaving us with no where to park the car after returning from the day. There are so many hotels hurting for business in Vegas right now it seems ridiculous that this place can get away with offering this kind of suboptimal service and lodging. We chose this hotel for the children entertainment factor and I have to say we ended up deeply regretting it.
4	We stayed three nights at the Circus Circus KOA RV park, in one of the deluxe sites. It was a pretty good place. We had our own grassy knoll with an olive tree providing shade, and a table and chairs. It was a little pricey for an RV park, but it was good for us since Vegas was merely a stop on a bigger road trip and we had an infant and dog with us. *pros*they allow dogsthey have a really nice dog parknice pool, with shadenice hot tubcleansafeeasy to findclean bathrooms/showers*cons*priceytakes 25 minutes of walking through casino to get to strip
1	KOA should not sponsor this RV park, it is horrible. I can't believe it is a KOA! It is a PARKING LOT! sure its on the strip, but wow, when its 114 in the shade this is not where you want to be in your trailer. sizzle sizzle sizzle .....pass out.
1	As bad as it gets.  Crowds, worn out rooms, poor service.  We needed a suite for six of us, so we went for Circus Circus' price and location.  That we got.  But it's risky.  Don't plan on anyone being able to check you in, calculate your bill properly, get your to your room ok, or check you out.
2	First - Book a room in the tower - NOT the manor.  The tower rooms are newly remodeled and not all that bad.  Perfect for $24 a night.   The hotel actually gets 3 stars there.   NOTE:  They only give you conditioning shampoo - No lotion - I never pack lotion for fear it will end up all over my stuff.  This is VEGAS - ZERO percent humidity so your skin will be a prune in a matter of hours.  They also gave us only 2 towels for a 2-queen beds.  The housekeeping staff was funny and actually caught us in the lobby as they were cleaning and handed us more towels, probably knowing we were going to call them in a few.  Where it loses stars - the lobby, the restaurants, the Adventure Dome.   The lay out is weird too.   It's hard to get anywhere easily in this hotel.   We did have my 4 year old step-daughter with us as we were driving to Utah for a family trip and this was the half way point.  She did have fun in the Adventuredome - but it's really like going to a bad country fair.  Each ride for her size is $4.00 - and if she needed an adult to ride with her (bumper cars & merry-go-round) then we had to spent another $4.00 for one of us go go with her.   You can buy a wrist band for the day - we only had a few hours.  They are $24 for adults and $17 for kids.   The hallways leading from the lobby to the rooms to the casino is filled with little stores that are full of junk.  If you're young and single - it's probably worth spending a few more bucks for a nicer hotel more in the middle of the action.  If you're passing through and need a kid friendly place - then Circus Circus is perfect.
1	Hmm ... how is it that they haven't torn this place down and built something spectacular in its spot? I have to say this is probably the dirtiest, grossest place on the strip and remains so even though they have that mid-way gaming area. The food here is definitely sub-par, the rooms smell and the curtains are STAINED?? The casino itself has terrible ventilation so all you smell is smoke and it gets into your clothes unlike when you walk through a nicer hotel with better ventilation. They do have cheap tables and cheap eats but goodness I would pay more for better company. I am waiting for the re-vamp and built of something fantastic here ... hopefully soon ...
4	Stayed there when I got married last weekend.Really nice staff thaat was willing to help with everything. Upgraded from a manor room to a skyrise room. Very affordable, room was very clean.  Buffet was almost half the price of the one at Mandalay Bay and I enjoyed it more.  Will definitely stay there again.
1	Time to pile on!When I was a kid in the 60s this place was the place to go. I want you to think about that. 40 years of smoke and dirt and grime. That's what the casino is like.I finally stayed at a room about ten years ago. Well, let's just say painted cinder block and a painting of a clown was the decor then. If you like the color orange you're going to like it here.The plates at the buffet are plastic with little containerized sections-just like you got at the cafeteria when you were 12 years old! Which tells you something about the food.A zombie survivor of old Las Vegas. Someone put it out of our misery.
2	2 stars only because the kids loved it here (arcades and stuff), if not, I'll give it a blistering 1/2 star. C'mon! who would've enjoyed staying here if you had no kids or nephews and nieces in tow with it's old tired rooms and hallways. Imagine the scent of cigarette smoke just wafting in the air 24/7, wherever you go, @#$%*&$!!! 'Nuf said.   :)--- cheap   :(--- crappy cheap!
3	Circus Circus is where I stay every year during Magic (it's a trade show and doesn't involve actual magic, btw).  This is where my coworkers and I are forced to stay because it's cheap and convenient.  That said, it's actually not that bad.  You're in Vegas, most of your time is spent out of the room and by the time you actually go to bed you are likely to just pass out anyway.  I wouldn't pick it if I were staying in Vegas on my own accord, but it's not that bad if you are forced to stay here like I am.   The worst thing about Circus Circus is the damn Crispy Cream.  There is no resisting a doughnut when you're sleep deprived, haven't had dinner, and intoxicated.  You have really hit rock bottom when you are eating a Crispy Cream doughnut alone in your room at 3am inside Circus Circus.  Contrary to what it may seem, I actually have a lot of fun here.  It's next to Slots-A-Fun, which I just love to work into sentences when I'm drunk in Vegas.  You know, everything becomes slots a fun: "I'm having slots a fun playing Blackjack" or "Come on, doing these shots will be slots a fun."  Although, I don't think gambling at Slots-A-Fun is actually slots a fun. I also thought about getting a fake tattoo (located inside Circus Circus) that said: I had slots a fun in Vegas.  I even came close to talking my boss into getting a fake tattoo of her husband's name after she shared how much it would freak him out.  He despises tattoos and I thought it would be hilarious for her to go home with something like:  Property of Mr.(omitted for privacy).  Obviously, the rooms are not the most luxurious, but I've seen worse.  They have been, how do I describe it, used.  I try not to think about it.   There is a little breakfast place on the floor with the Adventure Dome that serves decent coffee.  Unfortunately, the people behind the counter can be ridiculously slow.  Some of them have absolutely no sense of urgency no matter how many people are in line.  I think they just really hate their jobs. Circus Circus also has free buses to shuttle people to and from the convention center.  I'm gonna go ahead and give it 3 stars (In the Category of cheap Vegas hotels).  It's not the worst and definitely not the best, but I can't hate on it too much.  It gets the job done and sometimes I find myself appreciating the seedier places because they always seem to inspire more of an adventurous attitude, especially since you won't feel the need to spend too much time inside your room.  Plus, I always think of Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas and hallucinogenic drugs when I stay at the Circus Circus.  It puts me in a good mood... I don't actually do drugs, but the thought of getting all whacked and watching the circus acts brings a smile to my face.
1	dirty with paper-thin walls.
1	I would give this a zero if it was possible. First off I used to stay here when I was younger, glad I didn't care about the amenities and atmosphere when I was little or else I would have had a horrible time. Service was terrible except housekeeping probably the only part we enjoyed which was sad. The staff at their restaurants are clueless when it comes to gift cards. The obviously don't talk to travel agencies because we ordered a west tower room which was 10$ a night extra and they gave us a sunrise room which was terrible. The management did not accommodate us on this issue they blamed it on (insert travel agency name here). Their buffet had insanely long waiting line for no reason the food was atrocious and the atmosphere was nauseating. If you go here for New Years or any other holiday don't ever stay here.If you absolutely have to come here let them know on their survey just how terrible this hotel is!
2	they need to remodel the casino, is so outdated.
3	I knew it from the Expedia reviews that it was an average hotel , and not very new compare to other once. However, our room was big and clean, with vanity area which I liked, and it was recently renovated. The room was in the main tower with casino downstairs, the casino itself was old with some cranky dealers, but some of them were ok even funny. It is on the Strip, so for the value of $50 a night it was a good deal for us.
1	1/2 cuz the room had a fridge...lol..we check in, they give us directions to our room, its not in the same building, they send us back to our car, then we had to drive to the "Manor" rooms, theyre these shitty rooms that are NOT connected to the casino, 5 minute walk.... in 3 story buildings that look like motel 6's, but MORE ghetto5 stars for kids tho!!! , most amazing arcade ive ever seen, if i were still a kid, i would have gone nuts!! however..im not a kid anymore : /stayed with family on this last trip, wow, never do that again, i would much rather pay double,triple, or quad for any other 3, 4 star hotel in vegas
3	It's a lot smaller than I remember, but then again the last time I was here was the late 80s! We didn't really do much here as I just wanted to take a stroll down memory lane and check out some of their games they have upstairs. I saw this game where there were three blocks stacked ontop of one another and you had to knock them down with bean bags to win a  little guitar. I won it for my son because I knew he'd love it! Yay!
3	This place is kinda depressing because of the run down decor.The good thing is their black jack tables are the lowest in the lv area that I know of. Sometimes $3-$4 but then you cant win much anyway.
3	This review is for the Manor Motor Lodge:Horrific, but I'm sure there is a lot worse in Vegas. After arriving, we just didn't really want to be anywhere near Circus, except to sleep. The crowd is mostly low income trailer trash people, the casino has an awful and confusing layout, our AC didn't work, the air in the rooms is stagnant with no air flow. Everyone ended up getting soar throats and coughing, the walls we paper thin so we always heard our neighbors in the early morning (5-7am). Do youself a favor and stay somewhere else, Excalibur or PH.The ONLY benefits of staying here are, it's dirt cheap and VERY close to Sapphire.
2	Oh woe is me!  What happened to my beloved Circus Circus.  When I was little we always stopped by Circus Circus to play the midway games.  It was so cool back then.  Now, it is looks so run down.  It even smells funny, oh wait that's the buffet...YUCK!Before heading back home, we had to make one last stop to play our games.  My game is the one on the bowling ball that you push along the rail and if it stays in the dip, you win.  I was crushed when I circled around the midway and could not find my game.  Wah!  My mister decided to try his luck at the Tic-Tac-Toe game.  At one location he got diagonal tic-tac-toe, but he wasn't a winner because you could only do vertical and horizontal.  When did they change that rule?  We found another tic-tac-toe game and you can win diagonally and for $2 you get 4 balls.  My mister finally became a winner and got me a a teddy bear with a Las Vegas hoodie.  He then tried his luck at the milkcan game, he knocked the cans down with one bean bag.  His prize, a small blue gorrilla.  What happened to the prizes at Circus Circus?  They used to be so cool.  Now they are all budget. They had a crane game with South Park dolls.  Of course my sister has to try it since she is the Crane Game master.  She zeroes in on Cartman and after the 2nd try she gets it.  She tries for Kenny, but couldn't get it.  My mister tries and after the 4th time, he wins her the Kenny doll.  We also tried the water shooting game, but the clowns' heads looked like they were about to fall apart.I totally agree with some of the other reviewers, this place does feel depressing.  They don't have to go balls out like the other strip hotels to renovate, but they can at least freshen it up a bit.  Circus Circus is nostalgic Vegas to me I don't want them to change too much, but something needs to be done.  Their parking lot feels like a jail.  I do appreciate the blackjack tables are only $5 min., but it feels very swapmeet like to me.  *SIGH* With all the buildings popping up on the strip, we'll see if and how Circus Circus will respond.
1	Circus Circus is a Crap Hole.. If you are looking to buy some bad drugs, Hang out in a dark building and eventuly get jumped for all you have, this the place to be. This place is horrid. I am a local so i dont need hotel rooms but if you are planning on coming here, I would not recommend this roach motel. I sometimes drive by this place and wonder how it is still in business. The slots are tight the shows are very below par and the stuffed animals are cheap. If i could take away stars from this place i would.
3	GHETTO. When I was younger, my dad would take me to Circus Circus whenever we made a stop in Vegas. If anyone remembers, Treasure Island used to have this AMAZING arcade with midway games next to the Cirque Soleil theater. We used to play the Treasure Island midway games but because they closed, we had to go to Circus Circus. It's so rundown and some of the people that go there are kind of shady. I'm hoping they will get a renovation soon since this is probably one of the only big arcades that kids can go to now. OH! They also have a good circus show that plays every 20 minutes or so. Clowns, acrobats, almost anything you find at a real circus :)One good thing about Circus Circus is that they have this indoor amusement park, dunno what it's called but it's pretty cool! You should definitely check that out if you are ever in Vegas with kids.
2	I found this place to be: gross; creepy; annoying, and overwhelming.Gross: everything was just dirty, or looked dirty. The bed? the most uncomfortable I have ever slept in.  Only palatable when drunk. the sheets smelled funny, and the water was lukewarm.Creepy: there are murals of clowns with well defined junk. Also: the criss angel official store.Annoying: I don't care that it's circus based, there is no such thing as child friendly vegas.  take your child where they won't see ridiculous and trashy people, and so they won't wake me up.Overwhelming: so much noise. so much smoke, and sooooo many lights.  I get it, it's Vegas, but all of the casinos down the strip are both quieter and without the seizure inducing running lights, and much more pleasant.2 Perks: Mexitalia: whole ton of food, for not a lot of money; open 2-8pm.  Also: Krispy Kreme.  Coffee... nom nom nom.Spend the extra money and go somewhere closer and nicer.  Hell, the other places are probably more "family friendly" too because there aren't as many trashy people around.  Blackjack is cheaper at the Sahara, and the casino is nicer.
3	A lot of people pan the quality of the hotel, but you really can't expect that much for the price (about $25 per night when I stayed). Sure, the parking lot and garage aren't that clean, but our room (west tower btw) was certainly clean and better than what you'd get at that price at some crappy motel. Oh, and no lingering smell of smoke as people report in other hotels. Having said that, I did have some issues.First, we had confusion over which elevators to take because the lady at the front desk didn't write the exact info for us, and the numbering system sucks because you can't determine which tower you need to go to just by looking at the map.Second, the TV menu was damn hard to figure out because they use their own remote control and TV system instead of the actual TV remote. We had to watch our shows in non-HD, which means that they became stretched on the widescreen TV until we figured out how to access the aspect ratio setting.Third, the wireless internet is pretty underwhelming for the price, which was $11.99 for a 24-hour period ("resort fee" takes effect in March). It felt like it wouldn't connect at times even though the signal was strong. In addition, I was checking out other wi-fi options, and they had discounts for paying for 3 days or 1 week or whatnot. Circus Circus didn't. Bleh.Finally, the cheap stores and kiosks on the second floor don't have opening/closing hours posted where we could easily view them, so we couldn't tell when they would close on our normal walk out to the parking garage. Annoying when we wanted to hit up places for souvenirs but also wanted to stay out late or watch our beloved 24.Anyway, decent price and closer to the main area of the Strip than something like the Stratosphere. I'd hope for a different place to stay next time, but looking at reviews of other cheap Vegas hotels, this one isn't half bad.
2	You have to slice the desperation in the Circus Circus casino with a knife. The atmosphere is so depressing, as other Yelpers have pointed out. We tried livening up the mood by watching an acrobatics show on the Midway stage, playing a game of DDR in the Midway arcade, and even trading $2 for three stuffed chickens to launch into pots on a rotating surface. But Circus Circus is still a run down version of its former glory-day self.They were friendly enough when checking us in: gave us a map of the hotel and told us where the RTC vending machine is (in front of Slots of Fun and only takes exact change). What they didn't tell us was that no matter what, we would be charged a "mandatory" fee for unlimited local calling service each night we stayed there. They only bothered to tell us when we were checking out and stunned us with surprise credit card charge. I'm not sure if all Vegas hotels do that, but in principle, it just doesn't seem right even though it's only a dollar a night.The walls seemed pretty thin: on two of the four nights, we were woken up by loud neighbors or just rowdy people in the hall. Housekeeping service oddly came in the mid- to late-afternoon AFTER people could start checking in. On the third day, our "do not disturb" sign went missing, so it was annoying when housekeeping keep coming by when we were taking an afternoon nap.The primary reason why we stayed here was because we were in Vegas for a friend's wedding, and she was staying at the Wynn and holding her ceremony there. So we were close by, but that was pretty much the only benefit to staying at Circus Circus.The verdict: It's cheap, but this is definitely an example of "you get what you pay for." Maybe even less.
1	I did NOT stay here. We only stopped in to get to the Adventuredome because it was our day to see the north end of the stip. One word: Disgusting. Ok, Two words: Disgusting and creepy. Just the parking lot was scary. It was nearly empty and the clown sign is as creepy as it gets. ::shudder:: The table gaming area was named the Money Pit. Seriously? Yeah, that makes me want to drop some money here. We walked past the buffet on our way to the AdventureDome and we were greeted with the most horrendous smell I have ever smelled. I gagged and had to hold my breath. The most shocking part was that there was a LINE of people waiting to get into the rank buffet. Had they lost all sense of smell? Well, we made our way upstairs, past the creepy clown paintings with protuding genitals and found that the Adventuredome was closed Mon-Thursday. Really? Just fantastic. I don't think there's any reason that I would ever stay here. There's a reason why you can get a room here for $13 night via Expedia. What that reason is, I don't want to find out.
2	So my parents asked me if I wanted to go to Vegas with them and the kids. I said fuck it- yes. So I wake up from the 9 hour car ride and I'm like how much longer til the Sahara.. they go oh yeah about that were staying at circus circus. Suddenly my mind is spinning, creepy clowns, small children, rollercoasters. GET ME OUT OF HERE. but then I realized it's also a casino and theres bars.. saving grace. So we roll in, wait 30 minutes to check in, get our rooms, not too bad, but the sink didn't work.(but a repair man was up there within 20 min) But honestly for how cheap it was (like 100 a night on CES weekend) it was a good deal. I think I only got like one bedbug bite. And im not kidding.The restaurants there were ok- it's vegas so it's super over priced and very tacky if it doesn't have a celeb chef. BEST DEAL EVER though: $2 bloody marys or margaritas, and $ 2 shrimp cocktail or chips n salsa 2am-2pm, how can you go wrong? and $6.50 for don julio shots, all at the "Garden Grill". Now another great deal, the buffet.. so for like $25-30 you can eat all you can eat bfast, lunch n dinner, just beware of what time it's closed at. I missed a meal being hungover and lazy. The foods ok, it's just a really good deal in vegas.  I seriously ate there like 5 times. and if i needed a soda, or anything i'd just go right in. It's a hook up when you want to have $$ for shopping or gambling, $30 a day on food is a good idea. Now when you gain 10 pounds, don't blame me.So we had kids with us, a 12 year old and 2 year old. Lots to do for them at this place. Honeslty unless you have kids or have been coming to vegas since it was becoming popular you wouldn't want to stay at circus. no clubs. closest night life party happenings would be like the rivieara (pass) encore and wynn (unless I win big i can't even fathom entering those doors for more than a cocktail and a ooooh ahh), and then you have to walk to TI.(which smells like a christian audieger brotherl). it's just kinda weak. But anyways in the hallways leading from the casino to the towers.. theres those kiosk things. and those people who attack you as you walk by. Now i say attack and not approach because I maybe walked the hallways 5 times a day for 4 days and i was harassed "where you from" "oh your skin, try this" "want a massage" and it was the same shit everytime. so finally this one bitch (*for the third time that day, and honestly they could tell me apart from the other clientel, they had seen me all day, leave me alone), shes all "where you from" and i couldn't help but ever so maturly respond "uranus". After that they fucked off.the floor has great slots. When it comes to slot play im all about the ghetto casinos. and they have my favorite top dollar machines. they rock. I wouldn't be caught dead playing a table at circus, but that's just me. Adventuredome: kinda lame, but as far as people under 21 are concerned, it's kinda where it's at in vegas for them.midway: rip off, but super fun for kids. Don't be suprised when after 30 minutes you've gone through $60 on games and you have defective looking stuffed animals in your hands.would i stay here again, hopefully not.
2	Does the job, not great, not amazing, not anything really except a room with a bed. You're better off at Stratosphere for the same price.
1	Talk about DUMPY.  OMG, this place is a dump from head to toe.  Seriously, you couldn't pay me $1000 a night to stay here.  Our first time in Vegas, we stayed...'cause we didn't know better.  But we would never make that same mistake again.  Complete DUMP.  You feel like you're in a creeped-out/acid-laced version of Alice in Wonderful.  Seriously -- don't stay here.  And even if you like clowns -- these clowns will FREAK YOU THE FUDGE OUT.  OMG.  This place.
1	If the Sahara is the armpit of The Strip, then Circus Circus must be its unwashed buttcrack.  The front entrance starts things off by looking tired and depressing.  And it didn't help that as we walked up we got to pass by a gang of 15 or so thuggish adolescents crowded around, just looking sketchy.The inside is dingy and dark and just looks downright dated.  Yes, there are $1 blackjack tables here... but there are also slot machines in Vegas that take nickels, $5 buffets that serve "shrimp" and cans of paint you can open and sniff to get high.  Are any of them really worth doing?Shortly thereafter we ventured up to the circus / midway area, a crowded, noisy, child-infested trap whose only purpose can be to shatter eardrums and spike your blood pressure.  Usually I'm a sucker for childhood nostalgia but this made me remember all of the bad things, including a flashback which included a creepy uncle that I never even had!To top it all off, we encountered two cabbies at the "cab stand" (actually just a line of cabs out into the parking lot) who were the two biggest a-hole cabbies in we had in Vegas, and that's really saying something.It's like this entire casino is a giant magnet for things that suck.
5	last day of vegas i took the bus to the end of the strip with my friend, we just gamble and drank the whole night... got so smashed barely made it back to the hotel room for the morning flight, haha...
3	When you walk into Circus Circus, you see the kind of people you see in a truck stop-- like a Flying J or TA.  Seriously, expect too-blue bluejeans and NASCAR jackets and non-ironic airbrushed wolves on t-shirts.  The interior is dirty, smoky, and a creepy retro throwback to the "golden age" of Vegas.  That said, they have tables with $1-$3 minimums, which is TOTALLY AWESOME.  The drinks are cheap (though not free), and the staff is really, really friendly.  And while I can see the point of the criticism of Circus Circus, shouldn't there be at least ONE place on the strip where a blue collar truck driver/farmer-type from Mid-America can go with his family and not spend too much money?In conclusion, if you're looking for a "fabulous" Vegas experience, obviously this is not the place to go.  However, if you just want to go gamble in your blue jeans for a few hours without a lot of fru-fru, Circus Circus can really hit the spot.
1	I didn't even want to give this crap hole one star. It's dirty, and full of scum. The only reason I stepped foot in this hole is because I had to pick up one of my friends that was staying here due to his low budget. Gross gross gross. Not even a good place for kids. They should shut it down.
2	Stayed here one night, I'll probably never do it again.  I paid 24 bucks I think, so I wasn't expecting much.  The beds weren't very comfy, but the rooms seemed clean.  I didn't find any dust or mold anywhere.  Wasn't too smoky either.  The casino was ok.  I think I won 200 bucks on roulette, so in the end, they paid me to stay there.
1	I arrived here 1am on Friday morning. After driving for 11 hours, rest and quiet was all I wanted.What did I find at this lit up, over sized circus? At hotel registration, the guy helping us had to spend TOO long explaining how to get to the room. They don't ask you if you need help, they just kind of assume you want to drag your bags all the way over to the west tower on your own. But it's Circus Circus, what did I expect? So he had to give us a map and draw lines that led us to the other side of the casino. Then a confusing elevator set up. If it wasn't for this cute old filipino couple, we probably would have been wandering around forever. When we get up to the room, the room is nothing wonderful. All I want to do is shower. There are stains all over the curtain on the inside so you feel dirtier coming out than you did going in. Go to lay down, and the beds are awkwardly smelling and the texture feels weird. A very starchy feel. And they are so uncomfortable. Even after sitting in the same position for 11 hours, almost being side swiped by many semi's, that shit was nearly intolerable. We had to sleep so we figured, fuck it? Went downstairs in the morning to find out that there is something more aggravating than their rooms and weird set up and confusing maps. The people. Because it's not just the guests, it's the millions of unattended children running around, making you nearly drop everything you're holding. Parents with strollers totally oblivious to the world as their child stands in the middle of the walk way. I have never been more appalled by the lack of parental supervision as I did in Circus Circus. It truly ruined my first two nights in Las Vegas.So if you don't have children, please consider staying somewhere else. I would have given this place no stars had it not been so cheap. I only went here because weekend rates are ridiculous. And if you do have children, why the fuck are you in Vegas??No offense, but that shit drives me nuts. It's smoky, there's a LOT of drinking, and you have to go through all the casinos just to get to the Midway. What's the fucking point?So try Disneyland, parents. And watch your fucking kids.
2	There is only reason this review is getting 2 stars is that it was cheap! We're talking a little less than 20 bucks a night for four nights cheap, thanks to some online deals. But we most definitely got what we paid for.Just hearing "Circus Circus" filled me with nostalgia, because I can't even count the number of times my family went to the Reno counterpart when I was a kid.After the drive from Anaheim, I just wanted to pass out in bed. But my journey there would not be easy. Getting from the lobby to the Skyrise Tower led us down a labyrinthine path past screaming children, vendors hawking their wares, and some timeshare people who flagged us down. Didn't know what they wanted when they grabbed us at first. Naive, exhausted me.We finally figure out the way to our tower (with maybe a little bickering), only to find that housekeeping hadn't even gotten to clean our room up from the last occupant!!! It was 3 pm, plenty of time between then and the checkout time that morning.Housekeeping says we can stash our stuff    in our room, so we do and head to the casino to kill some time. Doubled my five bucks at the penny slots, so that made me slightly less cranky. Slightly.Finally, we head up to our room. I just want a nap, so I get under the covers. Ugh. The overstarched, just a bit too short sheets. The waaaay too soft pillows that provided no support. Glad I brought my travel pillow and blanket with me, that made things better.I can sleep on stone and be comfy, so the mattress wasn't a problem for me. However, my boyfriend of the sensitive back felt every spring. We checked out the bed the next morning and realized it was a king mattress on top of two twin box springs. WTF?Made the mistake of hitting the pool our second day there to kill time before a show. I am anal around pools. I've been working around them for years. It was a funky as you'd expect a pool full of kids, but I'm used to that between working at a waterpark or teaching swim lessons.No, it was a lifeguards that ruined it for me. Lazy, barely watching the pool, more interested in tanning and looking cool than anything else. Safety? Bah. Also, didn't see any backboards or trauma bags. God help Circus Circus if (when?) some kid drowns.But again, 19 bucks a night. I am a cheapskate, okay? We spent most of our visit outside the hotel, so for that kind of a deal for a place to lay my head for a few hours, I can pretend to ignore a few things.Never staying here again if I can help it. You get what you pay for, so next time I'll cough up a bit more.
3	We stayed here for one night. It was a pleasant stay. There is a lot to do and much of it is kid friendly. Our room was nice. I can't say much else, since we spent most of our time elsewhere.
3	I've been to this hotel 3 times since 1995. It's a decent place for the price. family friendly and close to normal shopping. Ross's down the street. So is Peppermill a nice restaurant. A CVS is close by, so is an IHOP and a McDonald's.      Oh and those who don't know about Whack-o-Chicken. You basically catapult a vinyl life size plucked chicken onto a rotating grill with several pots attached to the grill, by striking a pad with a rubber mallet that launches said chicken into the air. Object: Try and time the trajectory of the chicken so that it lands in a pot. This game is even more hysterical if you can imitate The "BaGAWK!!!!" sound of the old cartoon show Super Chicken as you strike launch button with the mallet.One bad note. the lay out of the hotel is confusing. if you're not staying in the Main tower you'll be doing a lot of walking within the hotel.
2	Cheap Hotel and Casino. But There's nothing special about this place. I like how they have an amusement park in the hotel and an medium-size midway (games) for the kids. But definitely one of the lower- rated hotels in Vegas. The rooms were good. They were clean and maids clean the rooms pretty well everyday and they change our towels when needed. One thing I didn't like was that the walls were pretty thin. I could hear the neighbor's conversation. Also, I wished these rooms had more security or at least the rules are enforced better. We requested non-smoking, so the receptionist put us on the non-smoking floors. But our neighbors were smokers! and we could smell the smoke seeping through our doors. We called the front desk to complain and they told us that they were send security up right away. But nothing happened... we still smelled smoke and no matter how many times we complaint, we never heard or saw security take care of the matter. Also another thing that I disliked was how anal and rude most of the workers are. I thought that the staff at the midway were suppose to be kid-friendly, but no they scare away the kids. They barely speak to you and they give you this stare that makes you want to give them a 10-foot radius. Overall: It's cheap, but i think that you can stay at the better hotel for about the same prices if you look online for deals.
2	Thank goodness our kids are grown and we don't have to stay here or at the Excalibur anymore.My hubby still has his thing where he HAS to visit the game section and win SOMETHING.  Even after all these years.This trip, $50 got him this:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6Q7-wkCPc1KF75jZLOTcMw?select=rekq4i-s-RU4qaXd5SCqdA*sigh*In the meantime, I parked myself at a penny Wheel of Fortune to amuse myself.   I'm not crazy about these penny slots, but managed to get a lot of play for just $20.  Nope, didn't win anything.  Just played it down to zero credits for the fun of it.I'm too much of a grouch for this place.
3	Great place to waste your money. I only came here for the arcade. It's very easy to waste your money here quickly. I spent around $40 dollars and felt pretty satisfied. I don't really play for tickets, but I did spend some time in the ring toss and most of the time in the actual arcade to play video games. It was fun and they had the typical games and some of the newer ones. I just wish they expanded their selection and offered more machines for the various titles they offered to replace the old machines that no one plays anymore. That way there isn't a line of people waiting for 1 machine. The wait times are still bearable though. We didn't have to wait too long to find and play the games we wanted to play. Although we did distract ourselves by playing other games while waiting for a certain machine to free up.
3	Ended up here because they had the cheapest rooms on the strip with a pool, $33/night directly from hotel reservations.  Only booked two night to see how it is.  I got a room in the Manor, low rise buildings connected to the main buildings.  Pool was clean but only open unitl 6PM. But it gets cold when the sun goes down so no point in staying after then.  I wanted to stay three more nights. Hotel could only offer $33/night.  Went on price line and got it for $26!!  I had to check out and back in and was prepared to wait a few hours until check in at 3.  When i checked out the clerk said i could check right back in then.  I got a room in the tower with a spectacular view. The room is clean everything works and it's actually quiet.  No Complaints The place is full of people and it's massive.  But so is every other hotel here.  Everybody is helpful and nice.  I have stayed in worse places for much more.
1	What a dump!The hotel is overall dirty. The pillowcase looked like someone had walked on it with shoes. We had to get extra sheets also, because the one that was on the bed only covered parts of the matress. There was a long line in front of the front desk most of the time and even a long line for the evelator because many of them did not work. We had a "do not disturb" on the door, but the maid was still banging on the door at 11am.The interior is tacky and the unpractical layout forces you to wander around taking mulitple elevators. Dont stay here if you want to enjoy your stay in Vegas.
3	A great place for kids.  The Adventuredome is fun and has a few rides and carnival games.  The rooms are decent for rest.  Can't beat the prices.  It has seen it's better days though.
2	Stayed here for a frisbee tournament. The rooms have the exact ambience as your typical Holiday Inn; really got the old town Vegas ambience going. You know the scene in The Hangover, where the guys walk into their villa and "Live Your Life" by T.I. plays? Not captured here.It served it's purpose, however; housing a bunch of guys for a frisbee tournament. If you're vacationing here, consider choosing a classier place.
2	This place is a piece of crap. That being said, you can still have fun, but don't expect much. It's cheap (I paid about $30 for an off-night only a week in advance). Our room was hella far from the check-in (across the street and down a bit to be exact). Not out of walking distance, but unlike other casinos, it was not connected at all to the main section. This was annoying (but I suppose it made it quieter). Check-in was also annoying--there were probably 20 people in line ahead of us and only 2 or 3 receptionists. This meant a long wait time, and throw in bratty little children running a muck... I was about ready to break out my fifth of 100 proof SoCo right there in the lobby and start taking shots. At 4pm. No joke.There is a $5 additional hotel fee upon check-in. This includes pool access, the fitness room, etc. It also meant free wireless internet (in theory... it was painfully slow, we gave up on it after only a few minutes. Even a 3G network on your iPhone would be faster). The coupons were a joke--nothing really worthwhile (though 2 free midway games were valid on any game, so I recommend using them on the most expensive ones like throwing the dart into a star for a huge prize).The casino itself is pretty bad and noisy--no high class establishment here. My friends and I ended up just playing midway games while completely intoxicated (which is always fun). The games are not too expensive considering how much they could jack up the price.The location is walking distance to the main part of the strip... only if you're FUBARed (aka F-ed Up Beyond All Recognition). Seriously though, it's not too long of a walk if you're wearing good shoes.All in all, I'll probably not stay again, but it was fun while it lasted. You get what you pay for, but I'd even prefer Hooters (see my other review) over Circus Circus. It is, however, saved from a 2 star vote due to their pretty fun arcade and midway section (but otherwise, for the hotel itself, would get 1 star for sure).
1	I had been on the road for 6 days, 'road tripping' with Grandgirl.  Prebooked hotel for Sunday May 16th.  Just a room for Grand daughter and I.  We arrive at 3:30 pm, no prob.  Getting  to room, They give me a map, a MAP? and expect me to find the dang thing, with all my luggage and a 5 yr old in tow.. WHERES THE COURTIOUS HELP? In room, there are NO towels. Call for them, takes 30 minutes to recieve. The place is packed.  Went to buffet for dinner (it was good) WHO pays $10.95 for a FIVE yr old to eat?  (I did)  Bedtime, STAY OUT OF ROOM 6705!  Mattress, you can feel EVERY spring in this used up old bed, the blanket smelled of old mens cologne, And pillows? Someone stuffed foam chunks in a case, sewed it up and called it a pillow!.  Alarm clock went off at MIDNIGHT spewing spanish crap, (I didnt set it), ALL night long and into the morning (Im STILL hearing music from outside somewhere, its LOUD!  I am so sorry I insisted on Cirus Circus to take my Grand Daughter to for her FIRST road trip with Gramma.  This is the LAST time I come to this place~~PERIOD!!!! I have NEVER BEEN SO DAMNED DISGUSTED OR DISAPPOINTED IN MY TRAVELS!!!!!!!!!
2	Went here a couple of years ago and immediately wasn't too thrilled with the place.  The lobby was stuffed with people waiting to check in and smelled like a ripe locker room, and the line stretched way back to check in, so I got to "enjoy" that smell for longer than I care to remember.Don't really have anything to say about the staff here;  they looked overworked at the time, so I felt for them there.   We stayed in the Sunrise tower in some generic rooms, and had fun with an elevator that always seemed to want to bypass our floor on the way up, so we'd have to go up a few floors and then ride the elevator back down to reach our floor.  Very weird!   Beds were on the soggy cheap side of things, I prefer a firm supportive bed.  Couldn't hit the buffet to see how that was because it was so packed during operating hours, so I was hitting the food court at the Riveria across the street.Shopping location was busy but had some decent stuff going on there.  Had my first oxygen bar and water massage experience there....now that was a good time, especially when I was on the bar for who knows how long! ha ha!
2	Dear Lord, I could have easily spared myself the humiliation by not letting the world know that I stayed here. On a super last minute trip to Vegas this past January, Circus Circus was the best deal we could find for the week we were going (CES convention= $$$ for hotels) and with the amount of broke people going with us. My friends and I booked to stay in the "Manor Rooms." Little did we know that these rooms were actually across from the main building/tower (as if we weren't far enough away from the center of the strip). Positives:-Spacious! Lots of room for luggage and moving around-Fridge! So rare in Vegas rooms, unless you're splurging on a suite or whatever. This kept all our booze nice and cold.-Self-parkingNegative:-Broken hairdryer, iron, and light. We called the hotel about these issues and the person  they sent over to fix it never came. -I know its only across the street from the main tower but staying in these rooms didn't make us feel like we were in Vegas whatsoever! Bottom Line: will not stay here again. ever.
2	This Casino may be on the strip, but not really.  It's just close enough to the actual strip for you to temp the walk, but beleive me the walk back from the strip (after a bit of alcohol) is not worth it.  The noise in Hotel is too much to bare and the ones making the noise don't have the excuse of being drunk (they're kids).  So basically you have to deal with brats the whole night.Next time I'm in Vegas I will not be staying at Circus Circus and the only reason I gave it 2 stars is that it is better than a flea bag motel, but only slightly.
2	This was my first experience of Vegas as a child.  I remember back then I would have given this place 5 stars! But coming back as an adult.  The only thing I can say positive about this place are the low limit tables.
1	Ghetto Ghetto. I've stayed here twice before and both times was subjected to broken beds. Pretty much all I do in my hotel in Vegas is sleep and shower and a broken bed means the room is about 3/4 useless to me. The first time this happened, I was able to change rooms. On the second trip, the hotel was completely booked and I was stuck in the broken bed room -- and with no discount. On top of that, rooms are very dreary and depressing. Plus I hate clowns and there are way too many creepy clowns lurking around Circus Circus.
3	I've been to Vegas dozens of times and had never stepped foot into Circus Circus.  For one reason mostly, the resort is marketed to familes that travel to Vegas, so what business does a twenty-three year old have at Circus Circus? Well, I needed a room for one night and I got on hotels.com and the rate was only $24 so I pulled the trigger.  Upon arriving, the interior was nicer than I expected and check-in went by fast even with a long line.The young lady checked me in and explained how to get to my room, which looked like quite a journey. I eventually made it to my room and bypassed the kids area, restaurants, and bars. I entered my key card and was surprised at how nice a room $25 could buy. Sure, this isn't the Wynn or Bellagio, but nevertheless, I was impressed. I only stayed for the night and was unable to thorougly explore the property. My only complaint is the casino is difficult to navigate and needs more maps and signs. Regardless, if your on a budget and need a quick room, Circus Circus can stretch your dollar.
4	I never stayed in the hotel here before, but I do like the second floor with the kid games. Its pretty fun and theres a arcade and a macdonalds on the same floor.
2	When Excalibur screwed up my reservation, I had to stay here for a night due to overall lack of options, money, and the patience to look for anything better. This experience reminded of going out with the boys, the end of the night is approaching and out of desperation to find anything better your friend just decides to go home with a slightly overweight girl, with a few missing teeth, heavy clownish makeup, really bad hair extensions, humongous hoop earrings, an ill-fitting outfit that helps her resemble a zebra print marshmallow, wearing frayed black leather peep toe shoes that reveal severely chipped toenail polish, and she stinks of sweat, Jennifer Lopez's "Live" perfume, and Marlboro Lights.Just like the girl your boy ran off for a night full of fun that he will soon want to forget, Circus Circus is used up, run down, and in desperate need of a makeover. The place could use a little paint on the walls (less creepy clown makeup, dentures, and a pedicure), a revamped food menu (a diet and workout plan), and a better air filtration system (the desire to not wear perfume not sold at Wal-Mart and eventually quit smoking Marlboro Lights). In the end, the experience could have been better. But that doesn't mean I wouldn't ever go back. Just like if the same situation presented itself, your friend would be somewhat likely to repeat the same mistake again. But the second time around, you just make sure no one knows about it. As long as no one knows, there is nothing to be embarrassed out, right?Then again, what happens in Vegas - stays in Vegas. Unless, you write a Yelp review about it.
4	I love this place. Old school Vegas ambiance which is much cooler than these gaudy new luxurious places on the strip. This place has charm. And it's fun. And for god sakes,  Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas happened in it!
4	Though low end, Circus Circus isn't as bad as other people make it seem. True, it is one of the hotels on the farthest end of the strip and catered to younger people, but their establishment isn't so bad. Rooms are quite spacious with an actual air conditioning system, and bathrooms are nice and clean. Unfortunately, they aren't so good with changing out burnt out lightbulbs, and besides news channels, the TV is pay per view. The one thing that really bothers me though, is the carpeted floor everywhere. Everything that you touch there, after walking on the carpet, gives you a nice, static electrical shock. Thankfully, internet is free, and there is a lifeguard at the perpetually crowded pool (there are three). There are four restaurants and a buffet, so you don't have to travel too far in the Las Vegas heat to find food. Shopping in there is minimal; there are a few small gift shops, and none of the fancy clothing stores that other hotels have. Of course, their main attraction is the circus show and their theme park, which is actually quite pleasant. Though targeted to the young crowd, anyone can have a good (okay, decent) time here.
1	you get what you pay for! made the mistake booking a room in this dump, first off finding a parking space in garage was nearly impossible then we get to check in and i have to wait in a huge ass line there system is to yell next customer and you have to keep alert to who's calling you real state of the art oh then the elevators are a joke real small and take forever one stayed on 2nd floor and never came down to lobby i stayed in tower so had to hike to another elevator to reach my dismal room with ripped pillows and sheets ,broken showerhead and alarm clock real classy. I have to say the worst experience was the pool we have a five year old the pool rules are posted no running,diving horseplay well guess the sorry excuses for lifeguard dont care there were little kids ranging in age from 1-6 in the 3 ft section of pool and there were bigger kids running ,diving and doing cannonballs into the pool around them i observed this going on i yelled to punk  kid pretending to be on baywatch and told him to do his job he basically told me off and we had words i loaded up the family and left, great way to treat your guests!, dont go here spend a few extra bucks and enjoy your stay instead.
2	I am sorry circus circus, you used to be my favorite place. I have nothing against this place, I love the midway arcade BUT, I really dislike the workers behind the carnival game stands. It looked like they were mad at me or something, I didn't even do anything!! I am not joking my brother played basketball a few times and got one in  a hoop and the guys face was expressionless and looked a little mean,and just threw the bear at him. Same with the lady at the water gun shooting game, only me and my brother were playing and I beat my brother and she just gave me a bear, not enthusiastic or anything. Their expressions gives me the creeps. I think if I come back I might just stick to the games with the tickets...I suggest you not play the claw machines I must have wasted 30 dollars and got nothing, spend your money on getting tickets its much better! I think i'm started to like excaliburs fantasy faire more now, even though its smaller than circus circus, at least the workers are friendlier.The free circus acts were nice to watch.I saw two acts, one with two guys doing gymnastic stuff, and some guy in the air with strings, he was shirtless..so thats a plus!
4	Lemme just start out by saying we paid $26.00 including tax per night! With that said, who can really complain about this being one of the older hotels on the strip? I always say you get what you pay for but in this case I thought we got more then what we paid for. The teens loved the games area and the little shops available. The short little shows they perform were great. They were short but had really amazing talent. Now on to the room...sigh...I have to admit it was terrible. We walked into the room and was almost knocked over by the stinch. I swore there was something dead or rotting in the room. We searched everywhere to try and locate the cause of the horrible smell and just couldn't find it. My daughter sprayed some perfume and we decided to buy some scented candles or rug deodorizer the next morning. By morning the smell was gone thank goodness. For the next two days we rested well and enjoyed all the hotel had to offer especially for the kids. Parents if you go to Vegas with your teens this is a great choice. So many fun things to do here and great shops to shop in. Don't expect a top of the line hotel stay but in terms of a wonderful place to take the kids in Vegas this place takes the cake.
1	Wow...my trip would have been perfect if it werent for this uber crappy hotel. First we try to park and find that signage in the parking lot/garages is not very good so we end up parking very far from the entrance. NExt the only upgrade they had to offer was for a king bed (we wanted two beds). At once point we had requested clean towels and had to call three times over the span of a day and got some really bad attitude before we actually got some towels...the requested extra pillow never showed up. By Saturday the parking and crowds were insane. Room service is only 6am to Noon. No coffee or fridge in room. Pool is really far from rooms, beds are stiff and uncomfortable...definitely not a great place to stay.
2	Circus Circus is now a Freak Show. I remember coming here a lot as a kid, but now things have changed so much. They really need to update the place or become a casualty to new hotels such as the Encore, City Center and Planet Hollywood. Parking Garage 1 is the the worst. At least Sahara Parking Garage has lots of space, but its ridiculous to find every floor full and people fighting for parking. There are footprints all over the place. Why do people do that in the parking garage? One Elevator? There was like 50 people waiting for a small elevator. Geez..No supply and High Demand.When you walk in, its like SPAM. All these marketing and promotions for their stores. If I am going to spend something, I would do it at the Miracle Mile Shops or Caesars Palace. Things have changed so much. I think Excalibur does a much better job than this place. I am not sure if MGM Resorts are paying attention to this place.Did not Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
2	I recently went to Vegas for a week on a business trip and it did it's job, which was to provide a bed and shelter for the night. It was dirt cheap (although I did not choose the hotel in particular). The hotel room itself was not pretty, and honestly I would have probably preferred a place with a more decent room off the strip, but I can say that a huge bonus was that I got a fridge (upon request).As for the hotel in itself, it was filled with children everywhere. The pool, all the restaurants, the hallways, etc. You could you hear babies crying at 5 in the morning (which does not bode well if you have to get up at 7, or if you're coming home drunk from partying all night). Another bonus was that I stayed at the Manor, which is actually across the street from the casino and the rest of the rooms, so it was easy to get to the car without the hassle of crawling through the entire child filled casino to do so. Great for the price.
4	i stayed here last year when i came with my family. the rooms are pretty good and the pool was crowded but we still had fun. while my parents, sister, and her boyfriend went to gamble, my brother and i stayed at the arcade and we made the best of it. we were playing the carnival games and enjoying ourselves. we were stuck playing that jumprope-like game for the rest of the night and won a lot of tickets. haha. it's pretty addicting if you ask me. this time when i went, we were only playing the carnival games. i never noticed but all the games were $1. it was really cheap and when you make change in that lil room, they give you these coupons where you get a free game when you buy a game.
3	My son graduated from elementary school on 8/3/2010. As a gift for his graduation, I booked a two night stay at Circus Circus. Let's just say that the price was just right considering we barely stayed in the room. For starters, the two night stay cost me $58.50 from Hotels.com. And I got charged for the hotel fees when we checked in of $14.99. Shortly after, we were told that we would be staying in the Manor Bldgs across the street where the pools were. That was fine because we walked across the street, dropped our stuff off, then went to the pool so that my son could go swimming. He had a blast. He was swimming and having a good time with the kids in the pool. Shortly after that, our cousin and his girl showed up and we went to dinner. We attempted to go the buffet to eat.... YEAH Right... It was over crowded. So we ate at the Mexitalia X-Press since one of the cooks recommended it and led us in the direction where he worked. HE even said that the buffet was not that good. After we ate, the we went to the Adventure Dome and had a blast.
2	Oh god, THIS PLACE. This place holds so many fond memories for me during my childhood, what has happened to you my beloved Circus Circus?Pros:It holds a lot of memories for me, as already stated.The Carousel Bar.Besides shopping, the Stratosphere Tower rides, the rollercoasters at New York-New York and Sahara and a small arcade here and there, this is pretty much the ONLY thing left for kids on The Strip. Cons:There never seems to be anything new. Not very exciting at all anymore.Very low-quality restaurants.Middle-of-nowhere location(not really their fault though, more the fault of stupid entrepreneurs who must blow up everything in sight instead of being resourceful and using what's already there for their project).Desperately in need of a remodel.Circus Circus is one of the few old school places left and one of the only things left for kids. I WOULD love to take my kids here if I ever have any, that is, if it didn't have the potential to make them cry from how rundown it is. Please, you guys need to do SOMETHING. It's not what it used to be at all but it holds too many memories for me to handle it if it were gone forever.
1	yuck-ey!!never again!!!
4	They have great room prices, the rooms are comfortable and it's convenient to just go downstairs for all of the activities for my kids.  The circus performances are fun to watch and the restaurants and buffet are either new or newly renovated with good food for better prices than most hotel/casinos.
3	Alright so we had rooms booked at the Wynn but we decided to get into vegas 10 hr earlier than planned. Rather than pay $500 for just a extra couple hours I booked a room here for 30 spanking dollars. Threw our luggage in the room, and then head out. Came back to the room a couple hours later and had a power nap. Not sure why everyone is complaining...I mean you get what you pay for.....and for what I paid I felt like I got a pretty damn good deal. Clean beds and a clean bathroom.
1	One word sums it up: Ghettoooooooooooooo.If you're coming to Vegas with kids, read on... this should prove useful for you.I have a kid too, so this place should be a slam dunk considering the rest of Vegas is targeting the scantily clad 20-something-way-over-the-top parties (hey no complaints).  It's not. The place is littered with trash both outside and inside. The lobby toilets were quite the adventure;  and did I detect a faint scent of barnyard in there? The pool area is loaded with seedy, overly tattooed, douche baggy, wannabe gangster types. Not a good kiddie scene. To boot, they didn't seem to have a separate kiddie pool from the main pool, so you know what's going on in that water. That was enough for me. I didn't even bother to check into a room - just immediately told the management I'd like to cancel and instead booked a room over at NYNY.  It's a shame really. This place has the potential to be "the" place to go for families in Vegas. If you are brave enough to check in, I strongly suggest you skip the Manor and Skyrise towers in favor of the West Tower, which I'm told is remodelled and much nicer.  And may the force be with you. Sorry Circus, I really wanted to like you, but I can't get over the yuck factor.
3	Interesting place to goThey have an indoor theme park, free random shows (juggling and such)Decent for people with kidsCraps are $5.  Right now they have a deal that if you sign up for a new player club member you get $45 in chips if you pay $30 for Craps and Roulette.
1	Recently stayed here in summer 2010. Other people are right when they say this place is ghetto and rundown. The main people that live here are family's with children. Be prepared to have a bunch of kids running around when your inside this hotel. The only pro i can think of is this place is dirt cheap, only 20 something a night.
2	i almost feel bad giving this place 2-stars...i mean its a given that its only worth 2 stars and any and everyone who books here should know not to expect much...that being said.. i'm still giving it two stars haha. definitely brought back a lot of memories of random trips to vegas with my family when i was a little kid, but its definitely aged and not as fun and exciting as i remember it. haha. while i have indeed experienced much better, comparing this hotel to the other low budget hotels in vegas, it wasnt too bad at all. its definitely really crowded, but the front desk agents move pretty quickly and check in was smooth and quick.  we did have a little trouble finding our rooms because we thought we were in the manor rooms (which are separate from the hotel and have its own parking lot), but we were actually in the tower, so we did quite a bit of walking back and forth. haha but that was our fault.the room itself is pretty ghetto, but i mean for $20 a night, it definitely served its purpose for our one night spontaneous trip to vegas with my friends and it was fairly clean. im glad i can now say that ive stayed at some of the best.. and some of the not so great.. hotels. really makes you appreciate putting in that extra $30 to stay somewhere nicer.  but it IS really close to the wynn/encore, which is where i find myself partying all the time, so cab fare is cheap!
1	Absolutely the worst place you can stay in Vegas. My family decided to stay at Circus Circus so it would be convenient for my 12 year old brother to go play the games there. The check in process was delayed because the incompetent staff was having trouble issuing our keycards so we had to wait for 20 min. After checking in we go drop off our bags and hit the buffet. The buffet was overpriced and disappointing with very little variety and extremely poor quality. During my stay I had some of my stuff stolen out of my room.I am positive it was an employee who spotted me in the lobby carrying an incase bag. They probably waited until we left the room after dropping off our luggage to steal some of my stuff. My family left the room for about an hour to go eat dinner and after coming back i notice my laptop bag was gone containing a macbook pro, 2 ipods, and an electric razor.Honestly if you're vacationing to Vegas, live a little and book a nice hotel. This place is old, cheap, overpriced, and far from the excitement of Las Vegas.
4	Seems alright to me.  I stayed in the "manor" which is the motel in back of the main casino/hotel and i paid under $50/night for four nights that spanned a weekend.  It's not the top notch service, shopping, dining that some of the other casinos offer, but since I wasn't planning to patronize any of those anyway and didn't want to pay for them, the "manor" at Circus Circus was fine for me.Nonsmoking is available.  Not on their website or numerous other outlets.  You have to phone them and ask in order to book one.
2	Well, I was here this August, just totally forgot to Review but here I am reviewing.  As a kid, this place was amazing~ I thought it was the shining beacon among all hotels, because it had a midway for the kids, and a THEMEPARK!!The rooms are way overpriced for what you get...other than that it's just your average casino...sorry Circus Circus...
1	Gross, Gross GROSS.Will never step foot in this place again if I can help it.  The last time i was there, my feet were literally sticking to the floor...didn't want to stick around to think about what it was...EW
1	Stayed here in august. The room was like staying in a motel 8. The indoor theme park was ok. the casino seamed very old and rundown.
3	This is a real scummy pit of a casino located on the end of the Las Vegas strip where the neighborhood looks dangerous. This time I came here only to return my Dollar rental car. I've stayed here in 2005 and at least can say you get a decent room for a low price. One of the stars for this place is for having a dollar car rental place where I could drop my rental car off. Otherwise, it would be just 2 stars.
1	I will never step foot in this place again. First of all, you have hobos (I learned they are not part of any act in Circus Circus) slumming outside of this place and there is lack of security. The atmosphere is dark and stuffy. Let me also add that the floors are sticky. GROSS! I was only in Circus Circus for 30 minutes. After playing at a blackjack table, I got up and left when I noticed the stable was sticky as well. GROSS PLACE! I think they need to start thinking about condemning this place....
1	im confused by this place... First off its suppose to be for kids. I go up to the midway and more than half of the video games are broken. Including ALL of the pinball machines so there wasn't anything to even entertain me.Second, the security is limited and very slow. After spending 20 mins in the casino I saw a woman passed out in the middle of the floor and a huge fight break out with children crying. Third, the place is very dirty and ghetto. There are holes in the walls and everything is either sticky or gross.Forth, the food sucks. The buffet smells like plastic burning and the steakhouse that is expensive and for a long time highly touted as one of the best steakhouses in LV falls short. The meat was good quality, but needed seasoning. Service was excellent though. The sides were also crap. Overall not a good meal for the price. Whoever is running this this casino (obviously) has the money to control these problems but fails to do so. Ive seen better casinos downtown... and if you have been downtown, you know that is crazy talk.
2	Stayed here because it's one of the lesser expensive places on the strip.We booked online a couple of months in advance.  When we go to check in (which was a zoo, but the lines moved along fairly quickly) we were told that the room was paid for but that they needed our credit card for the $8 resort fee (!!!!??)  I knew some of the resorts had fees but it said so on their site!  I never saw anything about a resort fee when we booked so that ticked me off.  We were famished by the time we got in (flew in from oakland) and had met up with some friends so we went over to Rock & Ritas for a bite to eat.  Decent margaritas, food was so so, definitely not worth what they charged for it, but it was ok.  Checked into our room. I was pleased to find that it had a large bathroom, but our view was terrible.  We were on the 3rd floor of the Skyrise Tower and had a view of the roof.  Meh, get what you pay for I spose.  The bed was surprisingly comfy, but smelled slightly of cigarettes.  Thanks to the very loud A/C, I didn't get but 2 hours of sleep that night.  Only blew air about 30% of the time and it wasn't even cold air so our room was not only noisy, but muggy the entire night.  We tried turning it off but then it got even hotter so we just dealt with the noise. (not good when I had to fly home and be to work the next day!)The Adventuredome was not what I remembered it 10 years ago during my first trip to Vegas.  The sign said open til midnight and we got there around 4 and when we went to get the wristbands we were told they were only open until 6 and if we wanted to stay til midnight it's an extra $10 (some sort of halloween fest).  We said forget it and used our free ride coupons we got upon checkin to ride the rollercoaster and left. The midway was the typical Circus Circus midway, with the games and shows.  I was disappointed to see that the carousel bar was out of service.We didn't gamble here (we went down the strip) so I can't review their games.For the price and how little we stayed in the rooms it was ok.  I will definitly try other places next time I'm in town.
3	Not the greatest hotel, but best for children.  Fright Dome was overrun by teenie-boppers.  They need an adult night.
1	I will never stay here ever again and here's why. Our room smelled like rotten feet. The toilet didn't flush and there was a huge cheese log in there that was so lumpy it looked as if it was flexing its muscles. We complained about these problems to no avail. I'll still bring the kids to the fun dome but like I said never will I stay here again.
3	Okay, this is the first hotel I ever stayed at in Vegas and guess what... I was a kid at the time. So I am writing the review from a kid's perspective (and also a little bit from my parent's perspective).A lot of reviewers have given this hotel a low star rating and not without reason. The hotel & casino is not the BEST hotel/casino in Vegas and may actually be one of the worst for adults who want to party and gamble a lot, but if you are traveling with children and want everyone to enjoy their time this is by far the best hotel.When my family stayed here (back in the 90's) my siblings and I practically lived in the amusement park. We got a 2-3 day pass and spent most of our waking moments there. We rode all of the rides, watching the "street" performers, ate the junk food, played the games and had a grand old time... while my parents enjoyed a cocktail/beer and some light gambling (they aren't big drinkers or gamblers so they were satisfied) and some ALONE time. They didn't have to keep an eye on us because the four of us were in a fairly secure environment and were able to look after each other so they actually got a little break during their vacation (we were traveling around the country via RV for 3 weeks prior to Vegas). They were even able to enjoy a dinner together, as a couple. It may not have been the flashy, fancy Vegas but it was special to them nonetheless.Plus, the circus that takes place in the neighboring tent provided my youngest sister a special outing with just her and my parents while us older kids laid around watching TV (something we WANTED to do).The pool on the rooftop was pretty disappointing because it was small, cramped and HOT. Sure it was the middle of the desert in the middle of the summer, but the boring concrete hole did not please us at all. We stayed for a total of 5 minutes at the pool and called it quits.The hotel is situated at the end of the strip (well almost. Not as bad as the Stratosphere) so it does limit your mobility if you choose to venture from the Circus Circus grounds. We decided to hop in the minivan and make the journey down the strip to Excalibur (clear at the other end) to watch Medieval Times, but traffic was a nightmare. Needless to say, we would have been better off walking the 4 miles. LOLThe rooms weren't fantastic and there were problems even back then. So I can understand why people would be complaining about the rooms now.So maybe things have drastically changed for the worst in the past 13 years, but for a family spending just a few nights in Vegas it was the ideal location.
1	I got electrocuted by the blow drier in my hotel room. Yes I am serious, not a shock... ELECTROCUTED. I hate this place. We were lured by the cheapness and got what we paid for, a dump. This place needs to be ripped down. They upgraded us after the incident and offered two free nights next time we are in town but I wouldn't wish that upon my worst enemy. Upon checking in they give you a coupon book to use in the Casino. There are free drink coupons in there for Slots o Fun, When you go to use them the bartenders in there are huge A Holes. We got a drip of rum with a giant glass of coke. Then after setting it down in front of me he began to harass me about not being 21 (I'm 28) and then called my ID a fake. It wasn't worth standing there, we left the drinks and walked out. This is really far down on the strip. If you're a warrior of drunk walking then maybe it wont be that bad for you. It smells The "amusement park" is like a parking lot fair with far more game vendors harassing you to play their games. I would not let my kids hang out in there. When we walked into the buffet my boyfriend said "Wow, I haven't smelled this smell since i was in basic training"...nuff said there... We really had fun expectations of staying in old Vegas and getting a little bit of that fun kind of seedy casino. This was more like a nightmare.
4	On most of my trips to Vegas we stay at the Paris or the Luxor, not the most elaborate hotels but they are nice.  This trip I was traveling with my daughter and her friend both under 21, so I chose Circus Circus, one of the reasons was the Adventuredome amusement park, and since we were traveling near Halloween they had it transformed in the evening into Frightdome. The girls had a great time there going through the haunted mazes, and we were able to do the other things on the strip during the day.  The hotel itself was much better than I anticipated, the rooms were nice, the staff was very helpful, and the restaurants were good. The decor inside the hotel was a bit tired and needed some fresh paint but it was not at all what I was expecting. My only real complaint was the fact it was so far away from everything else.
1	They had the worst service ever and it is simply just a disgusting place to be. First we check-in and the room smells like someone took a dump on the bed. We get a different room but they don't give us the keys. It takes them 40 minutes to send the security officer to open the door. We called down to get our keys sent to us, an hour passes by and they still haven't sent them. So we call again and 30 min later they are still not there. So we call one last time and the keys finally came up the 4th time within 30 minutes. Call me spoiled or not, I will never stay in a hotel ever again that is less than 4 stars.... That hotel and that visit to vegas was my worst trip yet!
2	I stayed in the manor section C and non-smoking!  I thought my room was pretty decent. It didn't smell but I brought an air freshener with me bc some reviews said rooms stink. The manor is outside, which bites because I have to walk a great distance just to get to the casino. ha! I'm lazy.My bathroom lock was on the opposite side. Thankful that I wasn't bunking with anyone bc that would have been a cruel joke! haha! I always made sure not to the close the door in case I locked myself in! That would have sucked! I heard rooms were cheap but the weekend I went... it wasn't cheap.
3	Went with the kids on the weekend of 10/23/10.PROs: - Had a lot of fun playing carnival games in the midway.- Stayed in the West Tower (newly renovated).  Room was VERY CLEAN.  - Got 2 free buffet passes for the kids.- Has old school roulette tables, which I prefer. (i don't like the computerized ones.)CONs:-Buffet had no french fries or chicken nuggets!  I found this hard to believe, as I thought it would be geared towards kids' tastes.- tub/shower  had drainage problems. (but they let us use another room to shower the next morning)-the TV did not have kids programming!!!!  no nick, no disney channel, nada.  UNBELIEVABLE!  (and, yes, I did call the front desk to ask about the TV.  it's not just me not working the remote right)  OVERALL, i would definitely go again when taking the kids.I would definitely stay somewhere else without the kids:)
5	I was waiting for something momentous for my 200th review, and leave it to Las Vagueness to make that happen.When the Las Vegas strip was still the Las Vegas strip (let's say pre-1990); when it was a flagging, sagging, ultimate kitsch and unmatched destination for anyone from the downtrodden, to the rat-pack high rollers, mafiosos and Winnebago set, I came here with my parents to blow through for a night, enjoy the scene, take in some hotels and see what the place was all about. My parents and I had just come from a drive-through of Death Valley (a whole other story, for sure), and we checked into none other than The Flamingo, aka, the original hotel of William Wilkerson and Bugsy Siegel, and first outpost in this dry, middle-of-nowhere desert experiment and nascent empire.  The hotel was definitely updated from the original, but probably not by much. I believe it was owned by Sheraton at the time. Props to Bugsy, who met his untimely demise in a hail of bullets, largely because of his dealings at The Flamingo. After checking in, we made our way down the strip by car, and as you looked way down the boulevard, all you could see was a collage of neon with brands familiar to those at the time, Sands, Sahara, Caesar's, Dunes and others. One sign dripped into another, making it hard to distinguish which sign was nearer or further, but creating this magical electric landscape that is unmatched by anything up to then or since. Along our route, we stopped into Circus Circus, where my parents doled out $5 in quarters for me to crank into the pinball machines on the second level of the tent (no longer in use), while they pumped their own respective $5 each into the nickel slots. Yes, my teetotaler parents were also high rollers.Them days were magic. That neon collage is burned into my mind, but alas, that place called Las Vegas is no more.  Now, the city is the home to conglomerates, with one gi-normous multi-thousand room hotel connecting to another, and a competition as to who will have the latest, the most glamorous and the most outrageous concept, the best restaurant, the most Gucci/Ferrgamo/LV stores packed into their weird indoor/outdoor mall that's supposedly meant to transport you to Paris/Greece/New York/wherever. It's a little much. That's Vegas for ya, right?Few places in Vegas retain even the slightest vestige of those years gone by, but Circus Circus is one of them. The unabashed cheez-whiz veneer envelopes an interior that bursts with Velveeta-y goodness. I'm sure the rooms are seedy; I'm more than sure that staying here might not be the best idea if you want luxury, but Circus Circus delivers on so many levels, it's hard to even describe. To me it's de rigeuer on your Las Vegas hotel tour. Don't expect the Bellagio fountain show here, though. This is a horse of a different color, but absolutely positively brilliant in its own way.To wit the following:* Mutant bartender at the bar all the way in the back, dressed in cheez-tastic bartender outfit that hearkens back somewhere in the range of fifty years.* $1 Jello shots in your choice of flavors: red, orange, yellow, purple.* Same said $1 Jello shots pulled from the refrigerator and served to you in, yes, believe it or not, plastic Solo cups replete with cover for portability.* Very obvious hooker sitting at the bar waiting for customers. The convergence of heroin un-chic, bad tattoos and massive cleavage were something to behold -- and ultimately make you want to spray yourself with Lysol and Febreeze.* Harlequins-on-acid mural at the top of the escalators in the back that are hard to even imagine painting, let alone commissioning and approving.* $4 bedazzled light blue (and white as an alternative) t-shirts that have Circus Circus emblazoned across the front in the old school style.This is barely scratching the surface of this gem. Folks, if you walked into this place without irony, you got what you deserved. You don't get it, and I feel dramatically sorry for you.For the rest of you who have some nostalgia for what Las Vegas really should be, what it used to be, and what it no longer is, this is where you can find it.  A must-see. FIVE FREAKIN' STARS, BITCHES.
2	Thankfully I only stayed one night there and after arriving and waiting in line to check-in for almost 40 minutes, directions to our rooms were given to us. Directions that lead us to no results since we got lost. The layout of the casino and hotel is extremely confusing and is not intuitive at all. Finally we made it to our room and noticed a weird smell in the air. Not that of dead prostitute or cold tobacco thankfully, but it was rather funky and we had to crack the window open to freshen things up.The room was decent but far from great. It was clean at least but the beds were a bit soft. The internet wasn't complimentary either and was something like $8 per device which I thought was rather expensive, especially in this day and age; at least it was fast.Although I'm sure that Circus Circus, at some point in time, might have been a nice play to stay at, it seems very beaten up and is now just a tacky, worn out and in dire need of rejuvenation kind-of-place. It's pretty bad in there and almost creepy. Looks like it hasn't been touched since the 70s or something and the casino floor is another great display of where I would not want to spend a dime. It smells bad and the croupiers are creepy looking.There's a Krispy Kreme donut shop and a few shops on the lower floor and they have an entire part of the building that's under a giant, ugly purple down known as the "Adventuredome" where there's some kind of theme park. It was closed when I tried to scout it out, possibly because it was past 10PM. It didn't look all that great.As far as food options go, there's very little that they offer .There's a buffet but it looked terrible. We settled for Rock & Rita's for our breakfast and it was not all that great. There's a few bars but most of them are lame and past their prime as you'll be able to tell when walking around the place for over an hour around 10:30PM-ish.In many ways, this place could be used a set for a sequel to Steven King's "IT" movies or something. It's definitely creepy enough. Maybe they should just blow it up and build something else there. It might actually improve the value of the land and Circus Circus seems to be past it's prime... Way past it.I doub that I'd ever want to stay there again. There's many better options and most have a better location since Circus Circus is at the very beginning of the strip.
4	Good price, room was actually nicer than I had expected. Staff was friendly
4	I am giving this casino/hotel 4 stars because I have a 3.5 year old.   True the decor is beyond tacky.  The midway is great and the free circus acts are fab.  What I really like about this place is they are truly kid friendly.  They actually have a toy store!  Their gift shops are fairly decent and they still have the penny slots and 2 cent slots as well.  Overall it's fun...
2	This place really needs to be imploded.  It is old and past it's heyday.  Not only that, but I think every gang member that visits from Los Angeles stays here....it's that bad.The only two things preventing me from giving it one star is Adventure Dome (for Fright Dome @ Halloween) and The Steakhouse (one of the best in town).....which is really sad because I remember how cool this place was when I was a little kid who use to stay here when we visited from California in the 80's.Will I return?  Only for the 2 things I outlined above.
2	Descent stay..Don't expect luxuries here! You get what u pay for! Save and spend else where in Vegas..Just got a $55 Ferrari T-shirt at Encore!My friends finally showed up!..time to move to Wynn. And watch some shows and n'joy good food..had and saved enough at circus circus! ..geez needed ear plugs to wade off the loud noise from my neighbors..having load s@&..whole night! Where did u get those pills..geeeezzzz..lol
1	Do not come here if you are looking for a luxurious place to stay! This is NOT the place for you if you wanted something luxurious. I got a room at the Skyrise tower, the only word I can use to describe the room is it SUCKED! First of all the hallway smelled like weed, the room smells bad, and  it is dusty. This is first and last time, you'll see me there.
2	we stayed here this past weekend. the room was $30.... not bad but when you have to wait 15-20 min for an elevator, i'd rather pay triple. it was like this the entire weekend. nobody seemed to care. the casino wasn't the greatest around either. if you wanna be party time, go buy drinks from the bar. we learned this after sitting at the tables for 1 hour!! we flagged down waitresses and nobody knew who was in that section. it was ridiculous. there are plenty of other hotels around so try one of them!!
3	Wandered around this cony island kind of hotel, to where the roller coaster was, the air hockey and the fun stuff.  It's kind of a blah hotel- and kind of dirty- but overall the place can be fun if your looking for rides and arcade stuff to do.
4	Lots of people seem to knock this place but I think that FOR THE PRICE, it was a great place to stay. Sure it is not Mandalay Bay or Wynn but for less than $50 a night and the 5th night FREE, you are not going to beat this place price wise if you want to stay on the strip (Las Vegas Blvd). And if you are bringing the kids along on a family vacation, this place has a circus and amusement park in the hotel.
1	Let me start by stating: I am not a complainer!  Okay my arrival, only 1 of the elevators in the parking lot worked out of 3 ( leaving a large crowd of people waiting for the elevator through several runs). Then at registration the line was outrageous and it took us about an hour to get to the desk. When we got to the room there was a king size bed, although I had requested 2 queen beds (for the kids), with a little heckling and them letting me know that my request was simply that a REQUEST they moved us to a room with 2 queen beds. When my son's went to take a shower the water was cold, you can imagine a 7 and 10 year old trying to take a cold shower. The rooms and the grounds were generally unclean. We stayed here because we thought it would be fun for the kids, but we will not return.  To end on a positive, the bagel place located on the promenade was delicious.
2	The room was clean. The AC and Heater work. There was no trace of cigarette smoke in my non smoking room, which is a big plus! The room was quiet.  They have a nice selection of restaurants on the promenade level.  The water pressure for the shower was pretty good, and the water was hot enough. However, as one reviewer noted. There are hobos and there are  not part of the hotel's circus act. They need more security on the outside. The hair dryer that came with my room was 1400 watts, barely enough to dry my long hair. It was so weak, I thought it was broken or on the wrong setting. Also the side table in my room was wobbly and old. One of my light fixtures seem to be broken. The decor looked old and tacky. No free wifi unless you go the Mac Donald's down the street.
2	"See her before she blows!, ow wait she already does!" I went to this hotel because it was the cheapest hotel close enough to the strip at a reasonable price, granted we didn't do alot of investigating before we went here, so that was pretty much our fault. So in the end it boiled down to price and enough available rooms. We checked in after having reserved our room on the drive towards Vegas, upon getting there we were automatically turned off by this hotels overall presence. The parking was confusing and there was no one to guide us through the maze in which we found ourselves driving. Finally we parked in this industrial mall style parking structure and checked in. We were forced t wait as our rooms were being cleaned and 20 mins later we were given our keys and told what elevator to take, apparently our party was split 4 of us were forced into a smoking room (more like smoking floor, it was truly horrific) that was just about soaked in smoke, it was as if the maid had forgot to use air sprays either that or the smoke was so strong the spray didn't even stand a chance. Our other party was on another floor only accessible through its own separate elevator. That alone was a huge inconvenience, we ended up going back and forth several times until we had had enough. We complained and eventually, 1 and a half days into our 3 day weekend, our both party's were placed on the same smoking floor. Apparently non smoking rooms are requested more, as it is a hotel geared more towards those with kids. As if that was not bad enough the view from the room was horrific, all you see is the sad gray roof down below of and the parking garage in the distance. The hallways had missing segments of the ceiling, which showed off the buildings rusting water pipes. Which only deterred us from drinking any of the tap water or from showering in excess. As for the amenities, seeing as how I was 20 when I went on this trip I was not allowed to enjoy the gambling experience while in Vegas, therefore I can not really comment on this. However my friends that did end up gambling at the hotel said it was "whatevers", the drinks were alittle on the light side and the games just didn't seem "lucky". On the opposite end of the casino level lies the "The Buffet", now no Vegas hotel would be complete without a Buffet and the Circus Circus is no different however don't go into "The Buffet" expecting a 5 star gourmet dining experience, in fact don't even expect a 2 star dining experience. Overall the food choices were varied from American cuisine to Italian to even Mexican, however the quality was about as great as any "Home Town Buffet" and if you've ever been to one you know what I mean. The food lacked flavor and was designed for a bland American palate, my friends had to cover their food in salsa and salt just to make it worth eating. If you do decide to eat here go during breakfast as it seems to be when they serve their better prepared options. Yet how difficult is it to scramble an egg and heat up some pre-made sausage, not very I'd assume. In the end the Circus Circus is a good hotel to see if your traveling with Children. Its also great if you want to see an old classic before the dynamite is called in. However do not fear when that day does come there are still plenty of great hotels I'd suggest for parents, "Mandalay Bay", "Excalibur" or "Treasure Island" all 3 themed hotels offer afew more options then "Circus" and aren't as "aged". As for booking plan in advance and seek out promotional offers on-line (found 3 when I got back home, which could have saved us about 112.00 [each room].....darn!) Also always request non smoking rooms close to each other or gathering your party might end up a daily rusense. The buffets okay in the morning and around brunch time but avoid the dinner menu, its your chance to sample what you missed if you would have stayed at the "Hard Rock" (GREAT FOOD, awesome adult atmosphere). In the end I CAN NOT recommend this decrepit old building. The whole stay felt very depressing and the staff came off unfriendly and uncaring really. Getting an extra 30 mins to leave our room was a HUGE issue, they wanted to charge for an additional day (on both rooms). If your staying here I'd recommend booking someplace else, this hotel is on its way out the door. Ow and its not even THAT close to the strip, about something like 1-2 miles away. Walking from Circus to Mandalay bay was grueling and in the end we were forced to get a taxi.
1	Bad.  I have six years living in aircraft carriers in 200 person berthings and this hotel is worse.  Do you like mold and ants - if so, this hotel will deliver.  The bathroom had mold in the tub, sink, on the ceiling, and around the toilet- not a spot or two of mold, I'm talking about all the grout within 24 inches of the tub was covered with it.  The sheets were not even close to being clean.  I knew when I selected this hotel that it was old and of course there are a lot of children- I thought my kids would have fun, but these issues weren't related to being an older hotel- this is poor cleaning and lack of attention to detail.
1	Circus Circus isn't as glamorous it used to be. Then again I was young and naive back then. Went back with my girlfriends recently and it was a terrible experience. The casino is old and reeks of smoke. I would never gamble here. The Adventuredome was unspectacular. It happened to be raining that day and guess what? The dome was leaking. The cherry on top was they decided to place buckets and rags on the floor to catch the leaks. Pretty ghetto if you ask me. I can't believe we paid for the cab ride to get here. Also, there's this moving walkway that leads to NOWHERE. Spare yourself; avoid this place!
1	GHETTO. Dingy, dark, and low ceilings with annoying kids running around everywhere. Didn't stay here by choice, and I didn't come to Vegas to listen to screaming and whining kids all day. Rooms didn't have shower caps and couldn't get hold of front desk. The fitness rooms has little kids playing on the machines and people walking on the treadmills in socks. Pool? what pool? Only pluses is that it was cheap (~$150 for 3 nights over holidays), rooms were big, and close to encore and wynn. But it was still about a 10 min walk to encore. Stay somewhere else if you can afford it.
5	The first casino that I entered when I was a kid. I remember the parking lot challenge where cars play musical chairs. I remember the water coaster as I went down and my balls started to hurt. I remember my dad getting prizes. I remember looking at all the slot machines and being pushed out of them by the security guards. I remember the go-karts as I smashed it against all the people. I remember seeing the circus show which was 4 minutes long. Yes all these things made me check in the hotel with my girlfriend in our first road trip escapades. At $24 after New Years in a comfy room, this place gets all the marbles. Oh and did I mention its a casino for everyone except all the snotty people?
1	Forget about fear of clowns, if that's your issue.  I was more scared of the fact that my room was the scene of an obvious Crack party prior to my check in.  Upon entry none of the lamps would turn on,  so I reached for the lightbulbs.  Simply put, they were greasy with fingerprints.  The remote control was sticky.  The TV and wireless modem had been unplugged behind the TV cabinet and brownish toilet paper had been stuffed in the peephole.  No doubt some very important crackhead was trying to keep "the man" from surveilling their going's on in the room while they binged.On to the exercise room.  After signing out a key for the workout area I had to be escorted there by security as it is impossible to find in that aging labyrinth.  Neither my key card nor the security guards worked so I had to knock to be let in.  I wish that I hadn't.  The smell of old, penetrating and sour sweat hit me like a sledge hammer.  Like if I kept my heavily used workout shorts moist and warm in a plastic bag for several years.  Not good.  It took more work to find an operational machine than anything I did in that terrible room.Second night in the hotel I returned at 11pm, tired and ready to sleep in my crack sheets, when alas, my card key didn't open the door to my room.  I called the front desk and they sent security up.  The first security person's card didn't work so they had to call up another guard.  I told the first that, "this is Vegas, and if I were a betting person I would wager that the fact that my card worked earlier but doesn't now, and that your master card doesn't work, the door lock is broken."  My logic was apparently not sound enough because they called up another, whose card didn't work either.  They had to call up maintenance with some secret room opening device that I couldn't see.  I then had to relocate to a new room at 1am.  They were gracious enough to offer me late check-out for the inconvenience.Finally, the food at the buffet.  I was really hungry.  However, my hunger was clearly not powerful enough to make a single item on the nasty buffet palatable.  I even tried simple things like the chicken strips just trying to get some sustenance, but even they were inedible.If you are someone who has young children that you don't mind dragging around at midnight while you while away their college tuition, then this is the place for you, as it was for countless others of this description.That ain't me though, and I won't be going back to the place that made me think even less of Vegas...
3	Nostalgic..Low hanging ceilings, more than comfortable beds. Flashy and cheesy, but that's the whole point of staying here.Confusing parking garage layout. People heckling, tons of kids running around and into you.The carnival games are still pretty fun. I have finally conquered the chicken pot game that as eluded me my entire life.They need more than a McDonald's in the play section.West bar  -$6 combo for tequila shot and beer. Funny bartender with a less than funny story of how he is where he is. Ah, the consequences of life and excess.This hotel is still pretty cool, in a random hodgepodge of a little-bit-of-everything-that-makes-it-all-random-but-adds-its-own-character kind of way.Kind of like an actual circus.
1	Maybe I hate this hotel because any time we've ever stayed here, it's been across the street in their motel section, not in the main casino hotel..and it's ghetto over there.  And even if I were to stay in the main hotel, I still don't like this place.  It's junky, clowns - yuck...maybe if you have kids this is the place for you.  I'm all about "Who cares where you stay in Vegas, you only use your room to sleep in" but I draw the line here.  I guess I do care where I stay and that will be anywhere but here.
1	A more accurate name would be Shit Stank Palace. Unless you want to contract syphilis or diarrhea, stay away. My early childhood nostalgia became obliterated once my friends and I stepped into this dump on New Years Eve (They were Vegas first-timers). An overwhelming stench of smoke, body odor, popcorn and alcohol pervaded the casino and midway area. As we were leaving, a woman quickly remarked once she stepped in, "Ew, do you smell that? Ugh. Do you smell that?!?" Yes, ma'am, that smells like shit. No amount of cotton candy, foot long cocktails, and $1 hot dogs would have made it better. Even the famous Adventuredome isn't a good reason to visit (except during Halloween) anymore. Like most hotels on the north end of the strip, they have fallen victim to poor maintenance and cleanliness. It's too bad, I think with better management and investment in upkeep, Circus Circus could've been iconic...in a good way. Now it's legacy will be associated with the smell of fart.
4	Came to Las Vegas for my friend's wedding and I stayed here while they stayed at the Imperial Palace in a higher end room.  I spent 1/3 of the money they did and actually had a very pleasant stay in a nice room.  I didn't stay in the main hotel but in the little apartment complex rooms that are detached.  My room was very quiet and very cold for it being over 100 degrees outside.  My friends however were very jealous of my room because it was quite big and everything worked.  As where there room was a bit run down and requiring maintenance.  The only real drawback here is that you'll have to walk quite a ways to get to the really good casinos and attractions further along the strip.  Also there are indeed a lot of children here but I could care less because I rarely spent time at the casino here or my room.  I come to Vegas to explore, not camp out at my hotel.  They have great food here too and the best hotel rates for the quality of the rooms in all of Vegas in my opinion.  Not for nothing, they do have loose slots in the Casino, and they would be a good start or end to an evening of gambling further along the strip.  But I cannot stress enough how cheap the rates are here, I was usually half lit and fell straight to sleep in my ice cold room when I returned from a night of debauchery anyways.  For gamblers I recommend this place because it will save you money and allow you to gamble longer, just remember to bring your most comfortable walking shoes.
1	This is one place I can safely say you won't want to stay at on the strip. I booked over the phone and they gave me the wrong room. They gave me their "Manor" rooms instead of their "West Tower Rooms". The difference is shocking! The Manor rooms are worse than a motel, while the West Tower Rooms are actually "OK". For the price though you can do a lot better on/or near the strip. My advice on saving a little money would be to go to the RIO, which I found to be A LOT cleaner/nicer/just better. The only pro (if you had to pick one out) would be that it is close the Las Vegas Convention Center for events.Pros:Close to the Las Vegas Convention CenterCons:DirtyRun DownManor Rooms are disgustingWest Tower Rooms are barely passable for the priceNot in the heart of the stripReservations over the phone may be messed up (get your reservation in writing...seriously, don't forget this step)Overall:Better value all over (on/off) the strip at other hotels
2	The other reviewers are not kidding.  There are a LOT of kids here.  Like, no joke.I like kids, don't get me wrong.  But not in Vegas.  Not when I'm trying to get my drink on.The bf and I got a free stay here for sitting through one of those timeshare seminars.  Free = good, I guess.  The rate here normally I know isn't bad, but it's quite the hike to the center of the Strip.  And that was in tennis shoes!  Was I about to try it in heels? Hell to the no.  We ended up spending quite a lot on cabs that could have been avoided had we been closer to everything else.  2 stars because the room was actually nicer than the Tropicana, where I stayed the last time I was in Vegas - but that isn't hard to do.  We had an awesome view of... the gray side of the building and a trash-filled alley.  Awesome.  Why am I giving this place 2 stars again?
3	There are a lot of haters hating on this hotel, probably for good reason, but I am rating the arcade portion, because inside I am a child. It's dirty and a money hole, but I always have a good time there. The best game in the arcade was Deal or No Deal. I had the most frickin fun playing that game. I'm also a fan of the quarter pushing games, namely the Pharaoh one, but I'm probably the only fan of quarter games ever. Prizes are god-awful. I got a pretty decent bear and headphones.
2	This used to be the place to go when we were younger.  Enjoy fun games while the parents went ahead and gambled.  This place definitely fell off the train.  It looks completely run down on the outside, and the inside isn't all that better either.  Only good thing is that you can buy a wristband for the kids and they can spend hours in the Adventuredome.
1	This effin' hotel is NOT on the strip regardless of what Travelocity, Orbitz, Hotwire, the hotel itself, its "neighborhood" on Yelp will tell you. It's about a $20 cab ride for two people away from the strip. Ahhhhh. I made the mistake of staying here in Sept 2008. WORST MISTAKE EVER. Spend $1-200 more and stay somewhere nicer, seriously.The LINE to check in was absurdly long. Two hours; I'm not kidding. It seriously looped around the lobby like a roller coaster ride line at a theme park, only when we got to the "roller coaster" we were actually being checked into the single shittiest hotel room I've ever been in. And I have stayed in $40 a night hotels in downtown Dallas. We noticed most of the younger people / couples had the exact same bewildered looks on their faces as we did.The room was atrocious. There were what appeared to be poo stains (no, not water damage, although there was that, too) on the ceiling of the bathroom. The wallpaper was peeling off in our room, bathroom and the hallways. The bed sheets appeared relatively clean, but it's not difficult for hotels to wash sheets. The carpet looked (and felt) like it hadn't been steam cleaned or otherwise taken care of in at least a year, which in Vegas hotel years is like, 1,000 years.The pictures were hung straight which is I guess a plus but they were of clowns and other various carnival / circus monstrosities. Although, I suppose that's to be expected at a hotel named after a circus... twice.The casino or whatever was alright. Don't expect great drink service no matter how much you tip. The circus part was shitty at best. SUPER GHETTO. Just say no. Or get really drunk and it won't matter where you stay. :)
3	This place is not the nicest/fanciest place to go. I definitely wouldn't stay at this hotel. BUT I will go to play in the midway and gamble. My favorite game is the horse racing one! ;) I'm a sucker for stuffed animals. Also they have $5 black jack tables, monopoly/deal or no deal slots. So thats good for me.Plus, it is a nice for kids, since most hotels in vegas are not really children friendly. They have a circus show every 30 mins or hour upstairs in the midway.
4	OMG about Circus Circus. best prices for a GREAT hotel. Spent our honeymoon stay here and was so cheap and soooooooooooo nice. Rooms were clean, food was great. Close to everything diffenently a great place to stay. also good for kids with arcade and shows.
3	This place was not the bomb.  It was in fact anti- "the bomb".  Lucky for me I wasn't there for the casino but for an awesome gathering with 50 of my closest friends.  We got a set of suites in the main tower which were in fact THE BOMB.  So hey if you're here and you need a place to hang or a home base then definitely go for it.  Otherwise...damn....the casino is like ghetto plus twelve.  There were kids literally EVERYWHERE and I *LOVE* kids.  I was just appalled that people would want or be encouraged to bring their kids to a place that was SO filled with smoke and ilk just so their parents can get their gamble on.  I heard that ALL THREE pools were closed..that's just trifling.  The games on the midway did not seem to be outrageously priced at all but I was just taken aback by the need for this sort of 'baby sitting' service.  But hey,  I'm the sort that will stay at the diviest place I can find just so I'll have the money to have fun elsewhere.  If you're like me then this is a fine place for you.
2	We stayed in Circus Circus from 20th-22nd of Feb 2011. I must tell that this is one of the worst hotels in Las Vegas. It is old & worn out. The room cleaning service people came inside the room without even knocking. The bath towels smelled awful. There was a water leakage in the bathtub. But the rest of the bathroom was clean and looked new. I will not come back to this hotel.
5	All considering - price, value, location, The Circus is a good deal. For the people slamming the Circus where else are you going to go with your $20 per night???This is still a MGM property and they do a okay job maintaining it. And even compared to some nicer hotels the circus compares well. I recently stayed at the Renaissance (a 4* hotel) by the convention center and the walls are paper thin. For a old hotel the Circus is built well (brick and concrete).Again, in terms of overall value I give the Circus top marks. I ALWAYS leave the circus with a big bag of stuffed animals that I win for my Border Collies:)If you're expecting 5* luxury then stop being cheap and pay the extra $$$$ and STOP COMPLAINING!!!!
1	This place is super ghetto man. I felt like a walked into the trailer park version of a Las Vegas Hotel back in the 1970's. Their restaurants are McDonalds and Krispy Kreme if that tells you anything haha. We stopped in to let my little guy do some rides and get some prizes so yes your kids will love it because they aren't pretentious little turds like we adults are.
1	Stayed on Feb. 18-20 for my wedding. Only reason we stayed was because we took our kids and figured they would be happy.  OMG never again! Cleaning ladies came in didn't even knock and I was in my towel, same thing with a few of my guests.  At the time of checkout the hotel had made an error with one of the rooms I reserved so as I was waiting for bell boy i called front desk and was told it needed to get resolved asap with all the commotion I ended up leaving my wedding dress in closet since it was going to be the last thing for bell boy to take and to no surprise after I realized I had forgotten it, it was STOLLEN!!! Hotel "Investigated" and now say they will not take any responsibility.  Never again will we stay there and neither will my guest a total of 30!  Hope it hurts them a little!
2	I forgot to review this place on my recent trip to Vegas. While walking around the Del Mar Fair we got suckered into talking to some people from the WELK resorts. the gf had this look on her face like W.T.F is this for real? I told her it's easy, they drag you in they try and make a sale and all you gotta do is say NO for about an hour and BANG you get free crap!! =) First on the list, VEGAS baby!! SO on now to the review. Circus Circus... For the kids you are AWESOME. For a free room you cant really beat it. I guess i failed for not picking something closer to the center of the strip. We did end up paying a bit for cabs. The room, not bad. Nicer than some of the others i have stayed in but still. The view... you get a MIGHTY F+. I understand the room was free an all but really, guy at the front desk you had to make sure we got the room with a kick ass view of the back end of the building with a trash and cigarette filled alley? Shame on you!
4	Although it may not be the fanciest hotel or the most "poppin", the rooms were clean and the staff was friendly/helpful. Our T.V didn't work in our room and they gladly moved us to a new room promptly. They have affordable blackjack and reasonable hotel prices. Close to everything you'd want to be by and a great family environment :)
1	Decades ago, i  booked  low priced rooms here over the phone. should i have been surprised  when the room wasn't available when i arrived?  Circus cited some technicality that wasn't followed. (ya right.)They offered some replacement rooms at some place on the edge of town. didn't take the offer. doubt i spent any monie$ at circus.wandered all over reno. it was slightly snowing, and  there was black ice on the streets. (taxicab was sliding, i thought the driver was drunk. he blamed black ice).  saw a show, saw the mgm building, got married at a chapel and returned on the return bus to oaktown.nothing unusual happened on that birthday. oh this circus is lv? my bad! meant to post for reno circus circus. (talk about murphy's law, this post illustrates it.)
3	I stayed in the hotel about a year ago during spring break.  Having never been to Las Vegas before, I was oblivious to the poor decision I was making.  The place is crawling with small children, the rooms are pretty dumpy, and although the hotel may claim it's on the strip, it's about 1.5 - 2 miles from where any of the real action is.  If you're looking for a cheap room, stay at the Imperial Palace.  Rates there are similar to those at Circus Circus but you're right in the heart of the strip.I should point out that the casino does have fairly low minimums - $2, $3, and $5 blackjack tables can be found.  The "Slots O Fun" building seems to have most of the cheaper tables.  So if you're a low roller, this place might be a decent spot to hit for some gambling ... just avoid staying in the hotel.
1	Ok this isn't for circus circus as much as it it for the restaurant inside the hotel called "rockin ritas" I went there to order my gf her first liquor drink for her 21st bday and already upon walking in the place wasn't "rockin" besides that we sat down to order drinks she orders hers, I order a frozen margarita colored blue as shown in the drink menu and the server "Trinidad" chuckles at me I said "is there a problem with making that drink" he replies with "no it's just gonna be really inconvenient" I followed up with "really don't see what's so hard about making a blue margarita" He says fine and takes off,comes back with the drink 15 mins later we drink the drinks and I ask for the check I had to chase him down after being ignored for 10 mins while he sat and watched tv. promptly within 20 mins or so after leaving the restaurant I came down with a terrible stomach ache and nausea I'm not gonna say anything was done to my drink to cause that but it was strange that it happened only after drinking the drink in closing I will never go there again and it was a terrible introduction to my gfs experience into her 21st bday. :(
4	not enough staff. it took us too long to check in and out. the direction to the rooms are confusing. you have to take too many elevators to get to your rooms or the parking gargages,well,few children friendly in vegas!
4	if you go in knowing what you're about to get into - its not that bad...1. don't stay here if you don't have kids! don't stay here if you're on college spring break - you're going to pay a fortune taxing down the strip to the hotels you should've stayed at.2. get the $25.99 All day All you can eat buffet - its not advertised, you have to ask for it. for 2 adults and 2 kids who eat free - its well worth it. the breakfast was awesome, lunch and dinner was so-so. stick to salads and prime rib and you won't be disappointed. the desserts were awesome! we kept going back during the day just for some sweet treats!3. stayed in the casino tower - so that we could go back and forth from midway to take a nap! 4. check in was FAST! we came on a monday at 3pm and waited in line for 10 mins, no lie - it was FAST!! they made a mistake in our reservation and booked us a West Tower King - but i showed them my Expedia itinerary for the Casino double queen - and it was fixed right away. 5.everyone was so nice - i don't know about the other reviewers who had such a bad experience - if you don't expect the Bellagio, then its really a good stay. for $36/night - you can't beat it!6. my only complaint was that it was incredibly smokey. with my 3 year old's allergies, his eyes were puffy, watery, and he got a runny nose. i didn't think it was a valid complaint until we went to Caesar's and noticed that there wasn't any smokey smell in the air! Circus definitely needs to work on their ventilation.7. all in all - it was a great vacation. breakfast buffet - pool - lunch buffet - midway games - dinner buffet - adventure dome - and finally sleep!!!!! we didn't have to leave the hotel at all (except to go to Caesar's Serendipity for some ice cream!).  its great for families on a budget!
2	First of all... let me begin by addressing a common complaint I'm seeing on here: the massive abundance of children.  For those of you complaining that this place is packed with kids - take hand, smack face.  The name of the place is Circus Circus, for crying out loud!  There is a circus and an amusement park inside of the place, and you're surprised that it's wall-to-wall kids?  While I fully agree than The Strip is no place to bring your children, it's pretty obvious that everyone who's oblivious to that fact is most definitely going to bring their little screaming banshees to the giant indoor amusement park/circus.  I mean, c'mon people!That being said, the hotel is, in fact, terrible.  It most definitely needs to be downgraded to a 2 star rating, because I have stayed in nicer motels than this supposed 3 star hotel.  We chose it knowing that it wasn't the nicest hotel on The Strip, and because they were offering a promotion of 2 free Cirque Du Soleil tickets with a 3 night stay, but the experience was certainly not one that I would expect from a 3 star (above average) hotel.After dealing with airports, flights, luggage, rental cars, and traffic for the past 10 hours, we wearily entered the Circus Circus hotel lobby, wanting nothing more than sleep.  What I saw made me want to cry: a line of at least 100 other people waiting to be checked in stretched across the entire length of the dark and dingy lobby.  Rather than having someone at every desk position, there were only 5 or 6 check-in clerks on duty.  We waited over an hour to be checked into our room.  Once we were finally in our room, we immediately noticed that we had been given 2 double beds rather than the one king bed we had requested when we booked our trip several weeks prior.  We didn't feel like dealing with the hassle of having it changed, nor did we expect that they would even be able to, so we decided to just deal with it and went to bed.We weren't particularly close to the elevators, but somehow the mechanical whirring and banging of the elevator machinery traveled quite nicely through the walls to our room.  Being a light sleeper, I knew that this would most certainly keep me from sleeping.  Fortunately, using a combination of ear plugs and a white noise maker, I was able to drown the sound out well enough to sleep.  The check-in process and front desk employees discouraged us so much right off the bat that we just didn't feel like bothering with trying to get our room changed.  None of the employees we came across in any of the shops or the Adventuredome were particularly pleasant either.The one good thing I can say about this hotel is that our room was clean.  After reading some of the other negative reviews on here, I was pretty terrified of what the room would look like (smoke stained walls and sheets, funky odors, etc.), but the room we ended up in was perfectly acceptable in that regard.  The sheets and blankets were clean (although I never ever use hotel comforters just as a general rule, since they don't get washed regularly), the bathroom was spotless, and the walls and carpet were perfectly acceptable.  I think that may have been another reason we decided to stick with the room we got, after seeing some of the horror stories on here.Overall, I am giving Circus Circus the same rating I believe they deserve on the universal hotel rating scale:  2 sad little stars.  If I ever return to Vegas, I will certainly not be staying here!
4	This review is based on the entertainment in the Adventuredome, the games floor and the circus acts.  We didn't stay in this hotel.This hotel is the best place in Vegas to spend fun time with kids.  Ours are 7 and 5 and they had the most fantastic day here, so much so we went back the next day for more.We spent one day doing the fair rides which were perfect for our boys .  There were plenty of rides for them to go on and best of all there were no queues (W/e April 8-11 2011) and because they had wristbands they were able to go on each of the rides over and over again. It was dream come true for them and I have never seen them smile so much - they had the BEST time.Over the course of the two days we were there we also saw some of the free Circus acts which are superb and worth taking the time to watch.  The acrobats particularly were amazing.  Our 5 yo tells us that watching these shows were the best part of our holiday.We had our cartoons drawn by the cartoonist on the Fairground floor and they are brilliant.  The kids loved this experience and the pictures were great and reasonably priced at $20 per head.We also had our photographs taken Gangster style upstairs.  This was great fun.  We were all dressed up as 1930's gangsters and then had our photographs taken.  I wans't bowled over by the quality of the photographs.  They clearly can take excellent pictures as they have many great ones on display but I suspect it depends on the photographer and ours lacked in imagination and skill.  Still, we came away with two prints, one as part of our family package at $49 which we felt was very reasonable and one of our boys for an additional $39 which was extortionate but expected.  As with all of these things they make their money through the extra prints you can't resist buying once you've had the shoot done.  Fortunately we only liked one of them!All in all, if you have children you must take them to Circus Circus, succumb to the child in you and just enjoy,  It's tacky but an awful lot of fun.All this said, there's not a chance I'd stay here, even with children, it's clearly a dump and although super cheap  just too awful to stay in if you can help it.   It is crawling with children and is seriously unglamorous and tacky.
5	review for MIDWAY games!I only come here for he midway games!!! probably the best games in VEGAS.... when i get pretty broke lose all my money from gambling, i take my last 20-40 bucks and end up there for hours playing those kiddy games.  MY favorite is the horse racing where you roll the ball into a colored diamond looking holes and the HORSES/CAMELS/ (watever animals they are..) go as you roll in the specific colored holes... anyways i pay $1 to win a BIG stuffed animal (depending how many players go against you)... but hey nothing feels better then WINNING a big prize with $1!!!!! To be honest, this hotel is pretty ghetto... but just go there for the midway game. ANd oh YEAH.. GOOD LUCK on ordering drinks on the table cause they dont have that many variety on drinks.
1	I'm sorry, it's creepy, it's dirty, and the slots aren't that great.  I hate to leave this low of a review, but...never again
3	For the prices of the rooms and easy check in, I give this place a thumbs up..As for the rooms themselves.. It's pretty so-so.. For the casino.. Also a so-so..
4	I caught the free acrobatic act and was amazed at the agility, skill and ample camel toe that all came free of charge! Then I tried to beat little kids at arcade games and spilled my beer on a machine :( poor kids. Or poor me, I never even stood a chance. After that I vaguely remember playing beer pong with some frat boys ($10 a pitcher). The bartender was great. Old dude who had some cool stories to tell.This place is a classic! Just as trashy and ghetto as legend portrays it.
4	I read a ton of negative reviews for this hotels and was actaully dreading our visit.  In actuality, this place is fantaistic.  Rooms are nice and clean. They have non-smoking floors with a note that says if you smoke in the room you'll be charged $250 cleaning fee.  I didn't notice a "trashy or ghetto" feel to it.    It's normal, average family people enjoying themselves.  We stayed in the Skyrise tower on the 21st floor.  Just past the Adventure Dome area.  You have to enjoy children. They are everywhere-hey, it's a circus people! What else would you expect?  You should enjoy walking if you don't have a car, because it is towards the end of the strip.  We walked just about everywhere. It's ~15-20 min walk to get down to the main part of the strip.   We did use the Deuce bus pass 1 day which was very nice. The price is great.. We arrived ~noon.  Not too many people in line and they had a lot of people working the desk so check in was speedy.I felt like we were staying in an amusement park/county fair but even better because it was air conditioned, no bugs or hot sun beating down on you for the day.  It was so much fun.  The rides aren't bad for such a small place. Midway games were cheesy but fun.   Reminded me when I was a kid and was given a roll of quarters to play in the arcade when we visited our local amusement park.The casinos were ok.  We don't gamble much so a few dollars in the penny slots each day made me happy.   At least this one didn't have the strong smoke smell that many of the other ones on the strip had.  Slots of fun  has a pizza smell instead of a smoke. Pay attention to the type of traveler you are.  Do you want a lot of service? People waiting on you hand a foot?  Do you hate children?  Do you want to be right on the strip with lots of dance clubs nearby? Do you want trendy decor? Go someplace else. This is a good place for families and people who enjoy the simple pleasures and don't mind walking.  Yes, it really can use a coat of paint on the outside-I really think the tent is supposed to be red and not pink.  But remember it's been around a few years.Watch out for the "information" booth when you first get into the lobby.   Silly me, I thought it was a real information booth.   It's a sales pitch for some vacation/time share thing.  They'll want you to go to a presentation before you get your tickets.  Be aware of the nice people in suits wanting to know where you're from.  They just want to rope you into a sales presentation.
1	I don't have much to say other than I felt like I had to delouse myself after leaving. My man and I went to the Steak House for our super sexy date night (a night where we get dressed up and have a nice dinner). We had heard great things about this place . The problem is you have to go through a good portion of the casino to get there. It reminded me of going to Tijuana as a kid....dirty and vendors selling cheap crap everywhere. I will come back to take the monkeys to the Adventuredome to ride the kiddie rides but that's about it.
2	This place is great for kids.  Vegas and kids, yeh right.  They have arcade and carnival games galore.   There was a free acrobatic show with the jugglers on unicycle and plate twizzlers in a mini circus ring.  The price is right, next to nothing,  Rooms are comfortable and suprizingly clean.  Easy check in and out.  Only problem is the large amount of kids, which is Good if your with kids and bad if your not.  All around good time had by all.
1	Don't. Seriously, just don't.There are probably 5 kids to every adult here. The rooms are disgusting. Worse than any motel I've ever stayed at. The king beds seems like they are composed of only springs and a think layer on top. The only good thing is that they have low betting tables like $5 BlackJack. It was was my first experience and I double my money! But you've been warned, do not stay here. You're in Vegas, live it up!
3	I was nervous when I reserved a room at Circus Circus. I read so many reviews. I decided to give it a try. I loved it. i stayed in the WEST TOWER on the 21st floor. The room was clean. I had no complaints. I normally take my lysol and spray the entire room, including the bed and bathroom. My 2 boys (14 & 11)loved it and they are usually picky. There were no kids in the hall running around, in fact I didn't hear any kids yelling during my stay so that was great. If you decide to stay here make sure you stay in the WEST TOWER. When I was checking in, I did hear people complain about their rooms, but they were staying in the skyrise tower and casino tower so i guess those rooms are not as great!!!!Oh and try to check in around 2:30pm., there isn't as many people. It only take about 15 minutes at the most.
1	Date of trip: October 2010 Purpose: In town for a wedding Status: Vegas Virgin I was sucked in by the price for a room "on the strip". I found a deal on a room and could have spent another $20 for a room in a NICE hotel that was ACTUALLY on the strip, so once I knew this, I kicked myself. Hard. The decor and condition of the room is on par with tired, dingy $25 rooms on the side of Route 66 in the middle of nowhere, I just WAAY overpaid. The bathtub spout wouldn't stop dripping loudly. The alarm clock was broken - didn't just not work, but some prior guest had smashed it to smitherines. There was actually a list of 6 things wrong with the room, which I called downstairs to tell them about. They just said ok, that they wrote it down, and suggested I order a wake-up call. SMH I also didn't appreciate them saying they're on the strip without a disclaimer, "TECHNICALLY we are on the strip, but you will be so far away from everything else on the strip that you will have to pay through the nose to get back and forth from your destinations and your room throughout your stay". Meanwhile, my friends on the trip were staying at nice hotels on the strip at or near The Venetian, where the wedding was held. They were sending pics of their rooms to FaceBook - gorgeous rooms, drapes with remote controls, etc. Then after I visited my friend in her Venetian room, my Circus Circus room looked like a total &*$# hole. I asked why nobody told me, they said nobody told them, either, that it seems to be the way of Vegas, Vegas Virgins stay in Circus Circus their first trip, hate it, and go to the nice spots every trip after.
2	You get what you pay for - heed my warning. Although the room rates are some of the most competitive on the strip and this place caters to kids. the quality has something less to be desired. Our room was one of the more recently 'remodeled' rooms in the west tower - it definitely saw its share of battles. Not sure when they last changed the bed cover as it was stained and had a hole in it. The carpet was in need of a shampoo, too. Even though we weren't in the room too much, it made a little difficult to sleep soundly.
1	Let me begin with this caveat: I wasn't expecting luxury. I wasn't even expecting anything special. I got a very good price on our room. All I was expecting a decent room, with a decent bed, in a decent building.That said, this was a truly dreadful stay. It's not even worth extensive detail.To begin, the signs for getting visitors around the large hotel property are useless.Check-in was quick enough, and the clerk was efficient, professional, and amiable. Nice.Anything nice ended there. We hiked to our room to drop off our bags.Oh. My. Gosh. Our building (in the Manor area of the property) was filthy on the outside. The carpet and halls were dirty, and the building smelled terrible. We requested a non-smoking room... and we were welcomed by the overwhelming smell of cigarette smoke when we opened our door. The carpet in the room, as in the hall, was extremely dirty. The furniture in the room had huge gouges and strips torn out of it--some as long as a foot or two. Classy. No, not classy.The television was quite old, but whatever. Not a qualifier for quality for me. Just ended up being another thing to add to the tally of sub-par experiences.The bed comforter was smelly and dirty. Shiver. I tried not too think about that one too hard.The bathroom might have been the worst part of the room (ew). There were yellow spatters and splashes and stains all over the walls--seriously, so ridiculous. They were things that would've easily come off with a wet rag. There were filmy splashes and stains on the doors, too. The whole place DESPERATELY needs a wipe-down. Seriously. It would improve it massively. Oh, and you only get shampoo (no conditioner) and two bars of soap, so plan on that. No lotion. No bath gel.Then, the worst part: Circus Circus walls are only good for keeping out light. I AM NOT JOKING. Our neighbors staying on both sides of us, speaking in regular tones, were clearly audible--many times we could hear everything they were saying. That's not to mention when other guests came home at 12:30 AM and later after having a good time at the bar and speaking rather louder than usual. Anywhere in the hall? You'll hear what they're saying. In their rooms, a couple doors down? You'll hear them there, too. You'll hear everything in the whole building. We even had earplugs that we put in a little after midnight... still noisy. The room air conditioners are like blow-driers. They're that loud.Last, their "Commitment to the Environment" cards fall pretty flat, when their tub faucets and shower heads pour like rivers. Flow control, anyone?We love a good hole in the wall, but this was appalling.
3	If your going to Las Vegas with kids I would recommend this place, if just as a couple, I would not.  Every attraction in this place is about the kids,  has a circus type show, then the little dart games popping the balloons for a prize type area,  arcade,  and of course the big pink dome you see from the outside,  which is the thrill theme park with the rides etc.  Its actaully a decent price for an all day pass for kids, its like $16.95 give or take all day, and the lines arent even long at all, even on a saturday.  The rooms itself were less then average,  can hear noise all throughout the hallways,  blow dryer noise from the in room air conditioner.  I went during the Manny Pacquiao fight this month.  For the little price you pay for the hotel,  just go in expecting sub par accommodations.  The buffet in this joint sucks!! But I had gotten comped for 2 free buffets, so me and my woman tried it, but definately wouldnt go in there to pay for it lol.
2	I had not been to Circus Circus since 2003 and had not stayed here since the '90s so I was looking forward to see if anything had changed or been upgraded. I was slightly disappointed but the only reason I MIGHT stay here in the future or recommend it to anyone is for the price & for its great location. Otherwise, I didn't really enjoy my stay.First off, when I checked in, the front desk staff member did not greet me with a smile. In fact, all he said was "hello" and I responded with a smile and greeted him with a "Hello! How are you today?" Apparently, it was backwards day.Next, our room was like, a mile away and when we got there it smelled weird & my mom started having a sneezing fit. I brushed it off but she complained that it was something in the room. I know that Circus Circus is not a 5-star hotel or anything but I was pretty disappointed that the room decor and quality has not improved much since I last stayed there in the '90s. The only thing that made up for it was the free partial view of the Las Vegas strip.The next morning, my family members reported that the shower faucet was leaking & would not shut off. After two phone calls and having to hold for 10-15 minutes, I gave up on attempting to report it and get it fixed. Check out was a disaster. I wanted to check out in person because I had a few questions and I wanted to report the problems with the room. There are only a few elevators and after 10:30a.m, they would either completely bypass my floor or be too full for me to get into them. I was tempted to go down five stories worth of stairs, but was afraid of the condition and the air quality of the stairwells (if they were anything like the hotel hallways, I didn't wanna get stuck there). I then thought I could check out through the phone or at least request for a late check-out. Wrong. The late check-out option was no longer available & my phone call would clearly not get through, especially when everyone was trying to check out. Approximately 5 minutes before check out, I finally resorted to checking out through the television, which should have been the most convenient option. Wrong again. The system was lagging (maybe due to the overload of simultaneous check-outs?) so I wasn't able to check out on time. In fact, I checked out by 11:20a.m. Luckily, I wasn't penalized.Would I recommend staying at this place or would I stay at this place in the future? Maybe. The hotel's location is its major perk, especially for the price we paid (approx $100/night). We mainly stayed here because we had two children (ages 6 & 10) with us, but they weren't that impressed with the Circus-like stuff nor the Adventuredome themepark within the resort. I think we would have been better off staying at Excalibur since it's sort of kid-oriented and within close proximity to M&M's World, Gameworks, MGM's Lion Habitat & Mandalay Bay's Aquarium.
3	You get what you pay for. It's cheap for a reason. Great place to stay when you know you won't ever be in your room and just need a place to shower and take a nap.
4	I didn't stay here...only played games here.I remember I sucked at the ring game and I had to pay my brother to win me a freaking doll.I remember I had a 5 finger discount on another gigantic doll and that's about it.
4	Circus Circus home to Midway is truly a good memory for me when I was younger. Its more of a family casino hotel in the sense it is more kid friendly than other hotel casinos on the strip. I've been to Circus Circus countless amounts of time and it is a pleasant experience each time though if you're looking for shopping euphoria and gambling then search elsewhere. But otherwise I would reccomend it since it is cheaper than other hotels and offers about same amenities and serves the same function. You can always walk elsewhere to have fun and gamble and later walk back to sleep so its your call but good place and I always had fun. Midway can get addicting even for us adults so be careful about that! But otherwise have fun and go win yourself a teddy bear instead of just losing all your cash on the tables ;) It's Vegas! Have fun! Stay Safe too!
1	Decided to check the place out on our Vegas trip. What an awful idea! We should have turned around as soon as we saw the amount of trash in the elevator. As soon as we arrived on the main floor we were greeted with yelling screaming children, sketchy old dudes, and just general chaves around. TRASHY! but we came to see the free circus show. I definitely wanted to see some ariel work ad the net they had looked pretty cool. Instead we got a really bad clown and a juggler who kept dropping his pins. We also considered playing a little blackjack because they had some cheap tables. But at this point I felt like I needed a shower. SKIP THIS PLACE!
2	The only reason this place gets 2 stars is because one should really know better than to book a hotel room for like 17 bucks and expect anything other than a dump.I arrived here after a long day of work, and waited in line for 45 minutes to check in.  I was relieved until I realized I had to walk like half a mile through souvenir shops, closed restaurants, and casinos before I got to my room.The room itself was also pretty bad.  I don't expect much from hotels, but two limp pillows and a mattress that felt like a crappy cot didn't make for a restful evening.  I think I would've felt better sleeping on the floor - like, if you aren't even going to try to give me a mattress that makes my back say "hey, this is ok," then don't even bother.  Maybe there's an appeal if you have kids?  But if you have kids, what are you doing taking them to the strip?  Why not just take them to a real amusement park and not a playground for adults?  Quit being cheap and selfish.  Go to Disneyland or something.
2	Las Vegas has a long history of money, music, and entertainment. You can see it as you walk down the Strip, and the adjacent streets that connect to this central artery. Unfortunately, the more glamorous and stylish the Strip gets, the sadder and more crippled the old vanguard become. Sadly, Circus Circus falls directly into the depressing ashes of a Las Vegas no longer ruled by crooners and clowns, but the young and the flashy.One of the most obvious, and visually offensive, things that deter people away from this place is the interior and exterior design. Although the bright lights attract attention in the desert night, the incandescent bulbs show the mark of age compared to the newer fluorescent and LED lights in use at newer hotel/casinos. And after the book/movie "It" by Stephen King, the giant clown in front of the casino is a flashing sign of death and doom. No clown fearing human will dare enter a lair of evil. Once you walk in, you see the gaudy gold and brown floors and ceilings, and it reminds you of an old man bearing his chest hair with cheaply made gold chains around his neck. It is a sight that just reeks of old and outdated. As you walk through the casino to get to the elevators, you see even the machines are ancient. What's worse is the casino is usually only at about 64.3% capacity. There's nothing sadder than an empty, ancient casino.You get to your room and what do you see? Same boring walls with same boring interior. It almost feels like you're in a motel. All the rooms will smell like ash, even though you're in a smoke-free room, and the walls are thin enough to hear what the people next door are planning to do to each other after a few drinks. Definitely no place for roaming children's ears to hear.However, the biggest save for this place is their aim at children, with their Adventuredome amusement park. I have a feeling if it wasn't for this, no one would come here. The children seem to love this place and with good reason. The place is a giant indoor carnival. Being the only place on the Strip with something so accommodating for children, parents can leave their children here with a certain amount of money and do their own things for a few hours. Circus Circus is a conundrum. It's a casino that caters to people with children, but at the same time, shouldn't be a place to bring children. The pricing for rooms is cheap, but so is the experience you get while staying there. The glitz and glamour that allure most people towards a casino have long faded away at Circus Circus. Sadly, until this place renovates in a way to attract both families AND the young, it'll be a monolith to the aging history of a Las Vegas no longer needed or wanted.
1	This is one of those 70s era Vegas spots that are still alive. I never, ever stayed at their hotels but I've been to their arcade. I remember wasting a good amount of money on the arcade for fun lol but I brought home a good number of domo stuff toys :DIt reminds me of a depression future of Vegas, they have some small tvs scattered around their old-school glass dome arcade evoking 90s terribly nightmarish bad humor-clowns, it still haunts me.The shops are meant for low-key and stingy tourists and the casino is just average looking.They have circus presentations, though I'm not a fan. If been to their Reno rendtion and they're pretty much the same.Overall, Vegas and Circus Circus' management should improve this blackhole of failing attraction.
4	I stayed in the Manor, Building C, 3rd floor, Thurs night - Sunday morning.  The rooms on either side of me were occupied and I never heard them. From what I found this was the cheapest hotel on the strip. The room didnt have a mini-fridge but there is an ice machine near the elevators so we used little trash cans filled with ice to keep the booze cold.  Room service came every day.  If you compare Circus Circus with a much nicer place (Caesars Palace, Bellagio, etc) then of course it would get 1 or 2 stars but this is a completely different league, for $83/night I feel I got what I paid for, so four stars.
4	I just spent the weekend at circus circus! I had made a reservtion for the lodge. But as I arrived at 7:30 in the morning I paid 30 dollars for a early check in. and the put me in the sunrise tower. I saw a room in the manor and the casino tower (family in those areas) and to be honest I am so glad I did do the early check in because the lodge is a little run down and dirty with no security out there like the website says. But back to my room. It was clean and big with two queen beds clean linens and a clean towels. The one complaint I have of the actual room was the tv was to small and hardly anychannels on it. I actually had no problems with noise it was really quite for a weekend. It is a old hotel but for someone on a budget its fine I spent 215 for 3 days, early check in and resort fees.
4	We tried out Circus Circus because they had the cheapest deal for a busy weekend.  On top of that they gave us Free Buffets, too bad we didn't get to experience that due to our busy weekend.  The Staff were great, hardly any kids where we were at.  I believe there may be two sides to Circus Circus.  Our rooms were on the Skyrise section with a nice window view.  The room was decent; which i thought was okay due to the fact that we wouldn't be in our room much besides going to bed or getting ready to go out.  They also had a spacious restroom and cable tv. Checking in and out was a breeze.  The line moved fairly quickly. The only con is the loud AC
5	Circus Circus is a great hotel on the Las Vegas strip. The hotel is actually one of the affordable hotels on the strip. They have the Midway where they have arcade games, circus shows and of course the Adventuredome, which is an indoor theme park with rides. its a great place to take kids and as for the rooms, most rooms remodeled which are better now and its best if you stay in one of the tower rooms. I just do not recommend the manor rooms which are motor lodge room across the street behind the skyrise tower. I'm not sure if the manor rooms remodeled but that area is a little creepy at night. I just prefer one of the tower rooms since its near the restaurants, stores and entertainment. but its a hotel that I recommend if you are looking for good deals.
4	i have never stayed here and there are no plans in the future either. but i always have fun here. the games are cool. I'm always wining stuffed animals. last visit it was 2 Domos. a dollar a game cant beat that better than the carnival. everything is a bargain here from drinks to souvenirs. i have no idea how the food is here.
5	I loved it here when I was younger, but now its not really my scene, but its a great hotel if you have kids
2	really? seriously needs an update..looks exactly like it did in the 70s when the mobsters had run of Vegas..smells old when you walk in the door..staff was nice but the building itself? not so much...i see why they are one of the cheapest..
3	I actually liked this dinky looking place. The big pink tent above sure catches your eye quickly if you're looking for this place.Boyfriend & I entered in a little before 9, check in time is 11 so we had almost 2 hours to kill before entering in. ACTUALLY check in time is at 2, you can check in at 11am but you have to pay $10 extra, not bad just to get to our bed earlier and rest a bit more. We walked around the waiting area, we came here for EDC and there were A TON of people here for the same thing, it was nice to see some fellow ravers before EDC even started :)I liked how there were convenient $10 and under thrift stores to buy presents, a small tiny store that sold Hello Kitty items and a LED clothing shop which is PERFECT for EDC outfit & accessories. There's also a Auntie Anne's & Krispy Kreme right next to each other, yummmyy! There's also this cute pizza spot called Pizzeria , I ordered a delicious Pesto Pizzazz Pizza :]The hotel room was alright. We got the smoking room, it smelled like stogs in our room but the sucky part about this room was that we didn't even smoke in our room - _ - Since we were spending our time mostly at EDC, we just came back to our hotel; slept, watch a bit of tv, took showers, got ready and other things. Also another downer on this place was that it's filled with kids because of course of all the games and what not in this place :((
2	haha, I liked this place when I first came to vegas when I was about 12 or 13 years old, I STAYED here in the hotel with my parents, of course after the long drive from California years back.  I had a great time, all the carnival whatsoever, video games that were not event available here in New York then and stuff. Las Vegas seemed more kid friendly at the time but then the casinos took out their video games, same with Atlantic City actually in the mid to late 90's.I went back here in 2009 and it really did nothing for me, lol. Not even a bit of nostalgia, like oh I was in this exact spot over 14 years ago.  Now I got to see some of the new rides and stuff they built but yeah it is just a spot really for parents to drop their kids off for a few hours of fun time.  it is really a dinosaur casino compared to alot of others on the strip. Also, it is way out of the way, the very very edge of the strip before you get to the end of it but before the many many wedding chapells that you will pass by going further downtown. You can skip this casino, especially if you have been here in the past . You are not missing anything.
2	I don't know where to start with the Circus Circus.  My wife, nine year old daughter and I stopped here on a road trip from LA to Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming.  I knew that this was not going to be a good experience when I arrived in the lobby.  There was a line of people waiting to check in that snaked out to the front door.  Now it is Independence Day weekend, and I understand that the hotel would be busy.  I would expect to see every check-in station staffed and the management would be doing their best to handle the rush of people as quickly as possible.  My expectations were not met.  1/2 of the stations were staffed and we stood in the line 30 minutes before we were helped.  After checking in, I visited the men's room in the lobby where I saw gang tag on the stall walls.  Yikes.We had a Manor room, which is located in three story out buildings located in  the back of the property.  The room was large, clean and reasonably well appointed.  The room appears to have been renovated lately.  I understand why hotels secure the television to the furniture, but I'm not sure why the Circus Circus secured the $20 alarm clock to the night stand.  I went to move the lamp on the night stand and learned that the lamp is secured to the furniture.  In fact the only bit of electronics that was not attached to the furniture (the TV remote control) was missing.Finally, the level of people here was positively agoraphobic.  The crowds in the Adventure Dome and the Midway sections were so large, the midways were impassable for several minutes.  I understand that the Circus Circus is trying to accommodate whole families including children, but given the number of guests they have in the hotel, i'd think the fire marshal would want them to widen the halls.Will I be back?  Not anytime soon.
4	Going here as a kid, I really liked this place. I didn't notice anything about cigarette smells, dirty rooms, old furniture, whatever. The place has an awesome adventure dome, awesome restaurants (from my perspective, the mozzarella sticks at Pink Pony were fab) and it's huge. And it's in Vegas. If you have kids, I recommend Circus Circus, because trust me, they will not care about the aforementioned flaws. They will care about the awesome things. Best part: one of the ticket machines broke down in the adventure dome, so we went and got a staff member to help out. As he was fixing it, a whole bunch of tickets came pouring out (a malfunction of the best degree) and the guy gave them to me to keep! I didn't even have to play games to win them. Just got them for keeps, just like that. So off I went and cashed them in for an oversized stuffed animal (a dog, just for those who are interested), and it still sits in my room, I can see it as I type this.And this is why Circus Circus rocks.
1	Stay away from Circus Circus! That is all I have to say.
4	I quit doing drugs years ago, but if I was ever going to go on one last bender, I'd want to do it at Circus Circus. This place is the only Casino on the strip that still has the Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas vibe. The desperation is palpable.The big top may be part of it. It seems antiquated and corny compared to the other free shows on the strip, like the water show at the Bellagio or the big boat in front of Treasure Island. But you know what? I love it anyway. It makes me feel like I'm in Las Vegas. Let's face it, this is a trashy town. Why dress it up?And you know what else? I hate gambling in those huge ultra luxury resorts. You know how they built those? By whacking gamblers. It is what it is. I like gambling at Circus Circus. You can see that they haven't done a damn thing to spruce it up since 1981, so they can afford to have looser slots. Or so goes my logic, anyway.Love it or hate it, any trip to the strip is incomplete until you have some big fun at the big top.
1	Avoid this place, avoid the kids, avoiding the terrible gaming, avoid the smell, avoid the vomit soaked carpets, avoid the terrible food.The only ONLY ONLYYYYYYYYYYYYYY good thing about this place.  The Steakhouse in the middle.  I wish it could be teleported to a hotel that didn't suck.  Even then, it gets one star.Hunter Thompson must have been totally blitzed to come and stay here for an hour or two.  I couldn't make it ten minutes each time I come.
3	Circus Circus was SO cool when I used to be a kid. All I remember was going to the midway above the casino where they have all the arcade machines and waste so much time there.Fast forward to the present when I went there a couple times since I had some friends stay at the hotel. As far as the casino goes, there definitely needs to be some renovations done. The hotel rooms also need some improvements done as well. I suppose given the price it's a good deal but I would at least try and look elsewhere before I book a room there.The location of Circus Circus has a lot to be left desired since it's pretty far from the center of the strip where most of the action is. If you have a car then it should be no problem.
1	I get it... you get what you pay for... but really?!  Would not reccomend this place!Me and a few friends booked a room online (after looking at photos of the rooms, we were stoked to be getting the deal). I guess we didn't see the small print saying we would be staying in a trailer-type building in the back of the hotel. Talk about red-headed step children. To top it off, the room was disgusting. I'm not one to complain because -let's face it- you are there to sleep and shower. But a little cleanliness never hurt anyone.
1	This has to be the worst casino in Vegas. We wandered in here because it was somewhat close to our hotel and decided to play a few rounds of black jack. We quickly left. The clientele is awful- there were people hitting on 18s like they had never played black jack before. Additionally, the casino was extremely dirty. I will never be coming back here. There are too many well kept casinos in Vegas that I would rather hang out at.
1	worst hotel in vegassuck ass!!!
4	Circus Circus was a wonderful experience for us. When we arrived our check-in was suppose to be at 3:00pm. But because of the outstanding service of housekeeping I was able to check in at 1:30pm. LOL. When we arrived at the room it was simple. large window, two queen beds, TV, table with two chairs. And the best part, THE A/C was already set at 70, because it was extremely hot outside, 99 degrees! Bathroom was small, but yet it was very clean. We enjoyed our stay there and plan to be back to the Circus Circus Manor. We also had free wi-fi that was included to the room. Like i said on my quick tip, not pricey but COMFORTABLE!
3	If you're a local or a tourist in Vegas and don't want to spend half your Vacation money on a hotel you'll hardly be in anyways, then this is the place for you. Cheap pricing, plus you're not in the center of the strip but your still in it and you can take the Deuce busses which only cost $2 for a one way,$5 for a two hour pass, or $7 for a 24hr pass (get the 24hr pass, its worth it) to get around anywhere you want/need to go!Staff is usually friendly, the crowd of people are usually a Family so this place is also great if you have kids with you - take them to the midway or adventure dome=the biggest indoor theme park in the world!I wouldn't recommend dining at this hotel, but you're not to far from some pretty good places to eat. Unless you're just going to the Deli than I would recommend other than that the food selection, preparation, and taste is just awful. The only reason I am giving it 3 stars is because they could update the hotel rooms a little - I mean I TRIED to watch tv but could hardly see the screen from my bed thats how small it was, plus there was quit a bit of static. That along with a few other things.
5	I don't know why there's so many bad reviews on this place, but I love it.  I always win at this casino.I've never stayed at the hotel or ate from the buffets here but gambling in this place is A LOT better then any other casino because when we come here, we always win something.When you come here, (and any other casino) make sure to get the Player's Card.  They have a deal right now that if you spend $10 they give you $5 for free or spend $20 and $10 are free.  Make sure to get this as they give them to you as chips and you have to go play at the tables.  You CANNOT cash them in but if you win at the tables, you get your money plus extra back.I came up about $40 on tables and $20 on slots.  My boyfriend came up about $50 on tables and $20 on slots.  This place doesn't look all that run down, maybe the outside does a little bit but the inside looks decent.  Playing tables at this place has been the easiest compared to all the other casinos i've gambled in.  I came up money, so that's all that matters.  A lot of other casinos take your money in a blink of an eye but this casino, is for me, much more lenient then the other ones.I don't know why any family would take their kids to Vegas as there's always naked pictures on the floor, passed out drunk people outside and cigarette smoke EVERYWHERE but if you do decided to take them, this place is probably where you should bring your family as they have a huge arcade on the 2nd floor and they're always showing acrobatic shows every so often.
3	The Circus Circus Manor Motor Lodge is a good place for families and those just needing a place to crash in Las Vegas. we reserved the room during the Circus Circus half-price sale and the rooms were all of $30. The bed was comfy, the wi-fi worked well and the room was clean and tidy. They are renovating the rooms and that is nice. The major drawback the keeps this from earning a 4 (Very Good) rating, there are no coffee pots in the rooms!!! The Motor Lodge is behind the main building and quite a ways to the strip, wear your walking shoes.
2	I came to this hotel to save money and I have to say that was a mistake.  The parking is terrible, there isn't enough spaces to accommodate all the guests that come to this hotel during the summer and it took 20 minutes to find a space.  In addition, there aren't enough elevators to let you go in and out of your room to the casino floor efficiently.  I literally waited 5-10 minutes for an elevator that wasn't completely filled with people during the day.  Don't come here unless you have kids that absolutely need to stay at Circus Circus.  For around the same price or a few extra dollars more (IE. Tropicana, Stratosphere, Monte Carlo), you won't have to deal with these annoyances.  FYI, they also make you pay a resort fee of about $7 dollars a day for internet that is slow and a fitness center that has poor quality.
1	*(My Circus Circus Nightmares)* Worst place to stay in Vegas! They just don't care! We made a reservation because my daughter had Cheer Nationals in Vegas and we thought this place maybe a kid friendly environment which it was geared toward kids with the Adventure dome and such. When we arrived first thing out of the car I noticed the awful stench of rotten trash in the over crowded parking structure and figured well that's Vegas baby. Oh no as we waited in line to check in I observed the walks of life this place attracted and the dirt caked on the carpet. In my mind I was thinking this is already not where I wanted to stay, but it was midnight and we needed to get some rest after a 4hr trip turned into 6 hrs. due to a fatal accident on the way in. As our turn came to check in we were greeted by a lady and she looked up our reservation as it was brought up we noticed the charges did not match what we booked. Hotel taxes and room rates were increased only a few dollars but that wasn't the point. The point was it was inaccurate! Well we were tired and just wanted to hit the sack so we paid and were going to deal with the issue at check out. The lady hands us our cards gets a map and write floor 5 and room 099 and directs us on the map how to find the room. So we proceed to follow the instructions. While trying to locate the room carrying bags of luggage and dragging two kids around for a 1/2 hr. we were unsuccessful locating such a room on the 5th floor of 099. Mad as hell as we walked back to the check in I slipped on a flight of stairs that had a plastic edge wearing flip flops and landed flat on my back. Writhing in pain for about 10 Min's. not one person even security walked over to me and asked if I was OK! And yes they saw! Finally making it to check out tired and in pain we asked to speak to the night manager. We explained out situation to him and asked what can he do for us. This guy was a young little punk with and attitude and should never of been put in a position as a manager. He did nothing but offer a extended check out time from 10 a.m. up to 1 p.m. OH YAY GEE thanks! So he resets our room cards and tells us floor 9 and the room number. After 10 Min's. we arrive finally. The room was a standard 2 queen beds and didn't appear all that bad comparable to a Motel 6. Morning arrives and is my daughters big day. We hop in the shower and first thing we notice was black mildew all along tub/shower line wall OMG REALLY! I have pictures of this gross and unhealthful environment. In horror and getting out of the shower I grab a bath towel again notice a problem not so much for me but my other half. They only provided 4 bath towels, Zero hand towels and Zero wash cloths. Running down a maid service problem was fixed but the point was these things should of been taken care of before hand. The entire day we were at the competition and visiting around town. We ate dinner at The Garden Grill in the Hotel before we went back to our room. Another horrible experience in itself. We were seated in a booth that the backrest of was loose and coming apart with on the other side a larger man was seated and every time he sat back it popped the backrest approx. 6" into my other half's backside violently. So we decided to relocate and mention it to the waitress. After that we heard the words chingada being used as she conversed with another waitress about us. We did not arrive back to the room until midnight and just went to bed. The next morning we packed up and wanted to get out of there. I think with our experiences we were just done with this place and decided to get one last shower before check out. The hell continues as my lady steps out of the shower I hear Oh MY GOD EWWWWWEEEE! I was thinking holy crude what now!!! Yes ladies and gentlemen when you thought this couldn't get worse well it did! She almost stepped on a cockroach getting out of the shower!!! Unbelievable!!! I scooped it up in a cup and wrapped it in the plastic trash bag to take to the check out lady. We finished and went to check out. I calmly handed the lady the plastic bag with the cockroach in it and asked in a very loud voice "Would you be willing to pay for a room that had these in it" She responded by setting the bag in the trash by her desk and said no in a hushed voice. We proceeded to tell her about our problems in detail and show her our photos. We asked what are you willing to do for us? She replied the best we can do for you is credit 1/2 a days stay and all the hotel taxes. Again we were unhappy and were tempted to dispute charges. We promised the kids we would take them to the Adventure Dome for some fun. This is how they get 1 Star! Now this part was geared for kids and have to admit I even had a bit of fun on the rides. We bought a unlimited day pass which was reasonably priced. And have to mention the had some very talented artist where you can get a cartoon, life like portrait hand drawn or a miniature clay face scul
2	We went there to watch the circus show because it was free. being it was free, the show was alright. By the look of the hotel I wouldn't plan on staying there.
3	Def just for kids.
4	this hotel is not amazing, but for the price, it is good..
4	Great place to stay if you are on a budget.
3	I hadn't been to this place since I was 12... and nothing's really changed since then. All the memories of being forced to hang out at Midway for hours on end while my family gambled came rushing back to me... The only thing that made it fun this time around was being around my most favorite people and competing for the most prizes won. I liked playing miniature golf at the Adventuredome (which seemed like a dirty carnival) though. I didn't want to gamble here... slots or tables. Everything just looks so old and not "Vegas-y."This place might be nice for families with young children. I'm glad to say I will be good on coming back in about... oh, 12 years.
3	Not nearly as bad as I anticipated.  I got a dirt cheap rate for a clean place to sleep on the dodgey end of the strip.  If I ever need to be on that end of the strip again I'd probably stay here.
1	I would give this hotel a minus one, or a minus five, if I could. Or a minus sixteen, as my son says. I went with my kids and my sister, and her kids, and we all had the worst experience ever. The "upgraded" room was moldy and disgustingly filthy (really, you wouldn't believe the pictures we took), plus it was right next to the A/C chimneys on the roof of the casino, so it was the loudest place to sleep in, even with the flimsy windows closed. But we needed to open them because the place raked like tobacco and cheap cigarettes, the walls, the carpets, the sheets, the pillows. My kids had nightmares. Yes, we had asked for non-smoking, but no, they said they didn't have any. The wing we were in was all smoking rooms, and it was all full of families with children. It should be a crime to put children (and even adults) in these rooms. The food in the restaurant was horrible. Not even the hot chocolate won the approval of my children. We ran off in the morning. We felt like we needed to be disinfected when we left. This is the WORST hotel I've ever stayed in! Don't come here!
3	Gambling area and most areas of this hotel are awful, the two reasons Circus Circus gets a three star is the arcade/games area for the kids and the awesome The Steakhouse both deserve five stars.
1	this place was terrible!! i stayed in the manor buildings. It looked as if i was staying in the ghetto. the bathroom was smelly, wallpaper coming off, the door didn't appear to be secure, there was a nail in the mattress, blood on sheets, the sheets didn't smell fresh, neither did the ones the maid replaced it with. I will pay extra to stay at another hotel closer in on the strip. so at ALL COST AVOID THE MANORS!! it's not worth it! yelp needs to post pictures of the manors so you can see where you may end up.
1	Old memories blissShocking let down with a frownDirty, smelly, germsfor what its worth, my kids still loved the games.  my 8 year old did ask me why the restroom smelled so bad...
1	Well, Vegas can be disappointing! some years back they started promoting it as a place to bring the kids, however they didn't say that after Labor Day the rules change and everything but the casino oh and the restaurants close early....what am I talking about?? Well here's my list: effective today!!?!! Adventuredome (which is why we come here)  is open 11am-6pm / the pool here closes at 7 pm and the circus that their known for last performance at 4 pm -- weekends are a little later, but I'm here today! So much for family fun!? If u come to circus circus you have a curfew no matter what your age. Minus all of the stars possible for that!!! You should see all the disappointed families and their children :(
1	Disgusting!
2	This is a 2.4 star review.I'm gonna try something new...Check in/Lobby experience:  LONG line of folks coming in for the weekend.  When I walked up @ 9:30am on Thursday, I was 8th in line.  2 clerks checking guests in and out, making the wait really painful.  When it was my turn, 2 more clerks appeared (guess their break was over).  Bonus for the rest of the folks waiting in line, which was now more than 15 deep.  Clerk was cordial, but not overly friendly or informative.    2 stars.Lobby area:  Really dated, dark, and generally shabby looking.  It could use a coat of paint and new carpet.   1 starRoom:  We lucked out and stayed in the West Tower.  These rooms were newly renovated:  granite countertops, flat screen TV, new carpet and wallpaper.  In general the room was much better appearing than we expected based on the lobby experience.   The beds really comfy, a plus.  The bathroom was clean and had granite upgrades.  I didn't notice any shampoos/lotions, etc that you see in other hotels.  Oh yeah, there was a bar of soap that the maid changed daily.  The room didn't have any paper or pens.   3 starsValet parking service:  LOVED these guys!  They were really friendly and offered directions all over.  If we were coming back for a quick pit stop between shopping trips, they were willing to leave our car on the side for us.  Bonus.  They gave the best customer service of anyone we met on the property.  5 (although if I could give 10 I would) starsCasino:  Old and dated.  The only casino we went into where we would always leave smelling like smoke.   Ugh!  Maybe the newer hotels have better air filtration systems.  Did enjoy the trapeze show overhead on Saturday night.        1 star.  We didn't explore the Midway or eat at any of the restaurants.  Had a bad experience in the morning at the bagel place...Juanita was more interested in sharing stories of co-worker angst and drama with her work partner than making us coffee...  Really?  **Noticed there were not any recycle options anywhere on the property.  I ended up taking our used water bottles with me to put in a recycle bin elsewhere.   Average stars:  2.4
4	We all came here during the day to win some prizes for my friend's dog. Okay not some prizes... MANY prizes.Yeah, the paint on the building here is faded and crusty, the rooms might suck, bathrooms might be horrible etc etc, but as for the carnival games floor, I'll always be a fan. If you have kids, it'll be like their favorite carnival game place ever. It's like they want to give away the stuffed animals and prizes here.Just to name a few, we won: smurf dolls, hello kitty, angry bird, bears, banana dolls, fish dolls, penguins and so on.If you use the machine and break a hundred dollar bill, you get a buy one get one free voucher. So pretty much every game that the 5 of us played played, we used 3 bucks for 6 games.Oh, and this is the only place I played blackjack for about 10 minutes. I came up $16. Yeahhh bitches, how bout them apples??Cliff Notes: I'm a fan of their carnival games floor for winning prizes.
3	This review would really be a 3.5 but watev. The hotel rooms aren't the best and the cleaning service is ok. The room with all the games and roller coasters are really fun and family loved it. This is a good hotel if u want to bring kids!
4	Okay, so I'm updating this because Circus Circus e-mailed me a complimentary 2-night stay in their West Tower due to the inconvenience. The new tower is way better than their old Skyline tower, plus they threw in a view of the Strip so that made my stay much more enjoyable. Although the bathtub still needs a little work, the room was much more comfortable and service this time was a lot more streamlined. I am glad that this time around I was able to relax after a few nights on the town! (P.S. I did stay elsewhere for the rest of my vacation though...CC is nicer than it was years ago but I can't really justify staying there again unless I am with kids or need a really cheap room on the Strip and I was able to get a really nice suite at another hotel for a very decent price via an online sale).
1	After booking my room 6 months in advance when we attempted to check in we were informed that our room level was totally booked and not avalible so they were going to "Upgrade" us into a suite.  Liking the sound of that we took the key and headed to the room.  Upon ariving we found the suite to not be so sweet.  The furniture had patches on it, with a fridge that  the door wasn't even attached, the bathroom toilet was leaking.  But the biggest problem, was the fact that they were trying to put 4 of us into a suite with a queen bed and they were bringing up a roll away.  had we not already paid for it I would have taken my business elsewhere from then on.  We were moved into another romm more suited for us and stayed in that room, but even this NON smoking room had burns on the bed, the carpet, and the bedding had multipul burns.  We attempted to have them change the sheets for us, but when we asked they told us it would be done the following day, but when in vegas you dont get back to your room until late, and when we did the comferter had been changed but the sheets had not.  We will not be staying here ever again.  The so called bar of this hotel Rock and Rita's shuts down at 10.  How can you be in vegas and have a bar that shuts down before you even get back to the hotel?  No thanks.  The only part of this hotel that we will be going back for is the pizzaria!  If we were locked in this hotel we would have eatten here everyday.
2	Whoa, this place is so run down! My boyfriend and I were in Vegas and it was 108 degrees outside. After the pool party at Tao Beach at our hotel, we decided to hit up Circus Circus to battle each other in some good arcade games. It was quite a bit of walk! Circus Circus is on the strip but really far North. When we got inside, over half the machines weren't working. Sadly, we already exchanged our money in the coin machine before checking the games.Anyways, since we didn't get to play at their arcade, they have the carnival games where you toss balls to win prizes. My boyfriend and I won several stuff animals - it was pretty much free. Everything we touched, we won. They are good quality toys too! Not the generic cheap ones that you usually get at the faire! i got a couple Yoshi's and Angry Birds, and a random cheetahs and several other stuff like a giraffe? hahahThe circus acts are fun and they're free! If the machines were working, I'd probably spend several hours here but because nothing was working - there wasn't much to do and it makes you really pay attention to the outdated, dirty environment.
3	We had a good time there lats night. i thought there was good value for the money.
3	5 star price.1 star decor.3 star average.This place serves its purpose. It has incredibly cheap accomodation (seek and you shall find) and you don't have to have the nicest room on a budget when in Vegas. Who needs sleep?!However, it's definitely dated where the carpet almost sticks to your shoes and takes an eternity to check in.I remember visiting as a kid a very long time ago and the amount of things to keep a child entertained are amazing. It's the perfect place.For adults, it's not like you can't get to another casino to enjoy the glitz and razzamatazz if you so desire!
2	Where little kids are in Vegas...I really don't think Vegas is a place to take kids. I would normally avoid this place because when I go to Vegas but I went with a friend who is a kid at heart. Even though I won the most HUMONGOUS pillow pet known to man at the ring toss - I still give this venue only 3 stars.Even if I were to take my kids to Vegas, I don't think I would go here. Just my opinion, folks, which is what Yelp is all about. The venue is creepy, the entertainers and staff obviously at the end of their careers, and the carpet has not been changed/cleaned in maybe a decade.I was in the casino area only and did not stay in any of the rooms. Please take this in consideration when reading this review.I guess if you're on a budget and are the type of person that MUST get to Vegas at all costs, and with your kids, this would be the place for you. I'm just not there.
4	circus circus, my favorite place in Vegas.yes, it's run down but I visit here every time I am in Vegas.1. arcade and games2. $2 black jack table3. cards are washed by hand not machine4. always has some kind of deal5. one time I win over $100 at the slot with the free slot play they gave me.6. you can get a last minute room for cheapthe buffet I don't recommend. unless you like fried chicken.PS the Halloween maze is amazing.
2	Who doesn't love a circus?Me, that's who.Tons of kids EVERYWHERE. Clowns scare me. No enough booze to make up for these 2 factors.The room I saw was decent. Not super run down like others have said. It was in the newer tower so that may be why. The location is at the very north end of the strip, not very convenient to anything. The bus stops out front if that's your mode of transportation.
4	Attending the Circus Circus wasn't bad at all. Even though being there for only a few days, there is plenty to keep yourself occupied throughout. The buffet they offer has a wide variety of satisfying foods, from main entrees, to sides and deserts. If you don't wanna leave the hotel, I recommend stuffing your face at the buffet. (Specially the ice cream!)The rooms were neatly organized and cleaned all around. The air was breathable and there was no horrific smell. the bathrooms were kept stocked on the recommendables. The shower, toilet and sink were up to span. The bed sheets were changed daily and the beds were nicely made. With plenty of tv channels and free WiFi, you'll be plenty busy for those who decide on takin a lazy day.The casino was also a plus of course. Not overcrowded with people as this hotel is also kid friendly, so the gambling area is sectioned off. There were plenty of machines to choose from to get that gambling fix. One floor up is a wide selection of shops to take a peek at that are not to hard on your wallets. Even though it is Vegas. A couple flaws I found. It was nearly impossible to find parking for me, as I had to drive in the very back. Also with construction being done on a main road entering the hotel, traffic can pile up, as I almost witnessed an accident. I would consider the Circus Circus the backyard of the other hotels and casinos that are on the strip but an excellent hotel nonetheless. (Easy on the pocket book.) I highly recommend to anyone traveling across Las Vegas.
3	This review is strictly for the gambling at this casino.  We played the $5 Craps table for several hours here and had a great time. The dealers were all very friendly and helpful.  The cocktail waitresses came by pretty frequently as well.  We enjoyed gambling here and would absolutely come to gamble here again.
3	It was a good experience to be in this hotel, the circus shows that are inside are really good, if you have kids its a good place to take them! The only thing I didnt like it was my room smelled too much to cigarrette and the views from my room were to an air conditioner place not godd
2	Oh Circus Circus....probably should give you 2.5 stars but there's not an option and you probably shouldn't get the benefit.This is really just a pro's v. cons and it depends what you are looking for when coming to Vegas.Pro's - Affordable.  Rooms (especially newer west tower) were clean and pretty nice, I was impressed.  Discount tickets place in the lobby.  Nice dealers and casino floor had a nice variety of slots.Con's - Not the best customer service at the front desk, pretty sure the guy that checked us in was on coke.-No free internet (yes the coupon says so but it's not - $9 a day, this is a "service fee" which is obviously bull$hit)-Not the cleanest place in the world outside of the rooms, one of the restrooms must have had a problem because it smelled like sewage in one part of the casino for a good part of the day....really bad, very overwhelming smell.-Pretty far from rest of hotels, it's about a 20-25 minute walk to Treasure Island.-Their Adventurdome was closed with no notice, this really should have been stated in advance since it is their main attraction.If you just want to sleep cheap and walk a lot or taxi this place is fine, if you are in vegas for the nightlife and shows you should probably stay closer to the middle of the strip.
4	Been coming here since I was a kid. Stayed in the Skyrise Tower before and it was great no complaints. This time we got the chance to stay at the Circus Circus Manor Motor Lodge. Its was the chepest rates. So we said what the hell let's try it out. Arriving I thought, damn its gonna be real ghetto with all kinds of weird looking people. Wasn't to sure about it. Upon arriving we check in went to room and it kinda looks like appt complex. Seemed really quiet and sane normal looking people. When we went in room I checked everything from bathroom, to cabinets, to safe, to bed and under bed. Looking for any nasty s*** we didn't like or looked dirty. But hey it was actually pretty clean, no roaches and no bed bugs! The bed was very comfortable, better then I expected! The only down side is that its a walk to casino and the strip. But not too far. So wear some comfy shoes. I wouldn't mind staying here again if Skyrise Tower is all booked. So people try it out, its not as bad as some people make it seem. Cheapest rates, hey more money to gamble and drink...
5	We got a great room in the casino hotel. My kids loved it and the adventuredome. Recommend it for all kids.
1	The only reason why I stayed at this place was because I booked last minute on a busy weekend and didn't feel like forking out an arm and a leg just to sleep. If you have the money and prefer the better experience, don't stay here. If it doesn't really matter to you and you won't be spending much time in the bedroom anyways then stay here for cheap. The rooms were okay, The fridge didn't work.. The windows were broken and the frame was coming off the "glass." But like I said, I didn't spend much time here anyways. It's quite far from the main strip. I walked one day and knew that I wasn't going to be walking again.
1	Ok seriously? So this place is out of control.  I will NEVER return.  I didn't care for Vegas as a whole but this establishment really did it in.  The service was absolutely horrible.  They need some serious Customer Service intervention.  At first sight I was mesmarized, as I am sure all Vegas Virgins are.  We got an impromtu tour across the entire Circus Circus ground because they can't seem to articulate their own maps, but I don't blame them neither could anyone else.  We ran into plenty of people in their Peasant Wing where the project housing/extra rooms are located.  When we finally got to our rooms, after our hour long hike (with 2 kids and  my mother, we were highly amused.  I felt like I had been thrust through a time warp to the 1980s.  WTH!  My husband and I laughed for about an hour at the decor.  I really don't think I had a decent meal the entire time.  I felt like I was vacationing at a mall/airport.  The mallport of America.  The amusement park was pretty fun. My kids had a good time there.  The rides were exciting.  I loved the 4D theater and the roller coaster.  The lines were not long either. That was about the only decent money we spent.  That place needs to be torn down and rebuilt completely...starting from bottom up..all the way up.
4	I love Circus Circus. Although there weren't many games downstairs, I still had fun playing there as well as inside the adventuredome. And I highly advise that you should give circus circus a visit while it's still october. They are having special events since it's the month of Halloween. At night, adventure dome is decorated with halloween stuff and there are haunted houses(or was it maze?) and games. Although I didn't go, it sounded really fun. The bummer part was that there was a price. But from seeing people coming out looking like they had a good time seems worth it. Also, circus circus closed off the 13th floor and turned it into some scare floor. The staff dressed up like zombie elevator operators so it was pretty cool. A lot of people lined up for it so that must've been fun as well. So if you are headed to Vegas, take a trip to Circus Circus for some halloween fun.
1	Worst place ever!!!I like their arcade but that"s about it.It was my first time staying here and the only reason I decided to stay here was because they were offering a nice discounts on the rooms. So after hanging out at the pool, my friends and I decide to go inside to play at some tables and the arcade. We were having fun and all, then I was walking around and security comes up to me and says that he has to escort/kick me out for wearing a bikini in the casino...umm really??? where the fuck is there a sign posted saying no bikinis???With that said...I will NOT stay at this hotel ever again.
1	Most horrible casino/hotel I have ever been to! We checked in late at Circus Circus and they gave us a room in the back buildings located in Manor4.  We were suppose to have a room in the main tower but we did not get that.  We proceed to our room and once we finally figured out where it was at we were in disbelief that this was even part of the casino.  I think this is the most ghetto casino in existence in Las Vegas!  As we walked to our hotel room I felt as if I was in the hood getting ready to experience a drive-by shooting!  We quickly walked to our room through the smoke-filled hallways.  Our rooms were disgusting!!!  There was even hair in the toilets and sinks that had not been properly cleaned after the last guests checked out.We didnt even want to touch the beds and decided that any other hotel in Vegas would be a better experience than what we experienced here at Circus Circus.  They seriously need to retire this building from the strip.We will NEVER be staying or going here again.
1	Worst hotel I have ever been to. I was sent to a manor building that was like a hooker hotel. PRices ARE OUTRAGOUS AND ROOMS ARE DISGUSTING CIRCUS CIRCUS NEEDS TO BE CONDEMED!!!!!!!!!
4	My bestie and I went to Vegas for a weekend and stayed here.If you're looking for luxury, this is not your hotel.If your requirements are more along the lines of cheap, on the Strip, and has beds and a locking door, Circus Circus is for you.We paid ~$30 a night-- you can't beat those prices! No complaints about the room whatsoever. We were worried beforehand that it would be too loud, but it wasn't at all.The staff was great. Our room was far from the hotel check-in, but we parked our car by the front, so they delivered our luggage to the room for us! We forgot to hang up the "Do Not Disturb" sign, so housekeeping came by one day (around 11) when we were still in bed (super hungover) and we told them to come back later-- which they did, surprisingly.Had a great time, totally served the needs of a couple of broke college students!
1	No pros. What has happened to MGM Properties?Color-cordinated duct tape does not a carpet repair make. In the parking garage, stacked, unwrapped mattresses and box springs from the remodel and what is certain is these, after being stored in an open-air environment, are re-used in the hotel rooms. Same for the furnishings. What else am I to think but; "if they cut corners here, in this manner, where else?" Do they scrape left-overs off patron's plates in the restaurants to make new plates for the next person? And these are just the first impressions you get upon driving/walking-into the hotel.At check-in, you are immediately made to feel like you did something wrong or are a second-class citizen for ordering your room through LasVegas.com. And that assumption becomes stark reality upon entering your room. Dirt on the floor from previous tenants. A part of a clothing tag there, a red piece of lint there (I would look at that same lint on the bathroom floor every morning as I used the toilet meaning, it was never cleaned) a couple of pennies on the floor there. Things that a vacuum couldn't have missed which tells you that it hadn't been vacuumed. An austerity and conservation program that asks you to sleep on dirty bed linens. However, you have the opportunity to request from housekeeping that the linens get changed every day, which we did. This did not go unpunished.Only 2 towels for 2 people in the bath. No hand towels, no laundry bag, no stationery in the desk, no coffee-maker, no refrigerator and furniture that is stained so severely you are afraid to sit on it or worse, broken so you cannot utilize it.Hair in the bathtub drain and a faucet in the tub that doesn't shut-off properly. You only have one option, full-on, but that doesn't matter for a shower because the shower head is so compromised that only a bare minimum of water can make its way to you and even that, in misdirected and errant streams. It's hard to even rinse the soap from your body. But you wouldn't know it because the lighting is so poor in the shower because, well, because there is no light.  The light must filter in from over the vanity but it can't because of two opaque shower curtains. Both are on the same hangers and do not permit leaving the exterior curtain open while you attempt to shower.Aside from lacking common sense, this system, it seems, leaves the property owner open to severe liability should someone fall in the tub due to poor visibility.The room does include an alarm clock that goes off automatically, every day, at 5AM. With no instruction on how to turn it off.The phone book is two years old, the TV is old, small and dirty. I have larger screens in my vehicles. It would have been funny but it wasn't.No working vent in the bath so the mirrors fog up and reveal the hap hazard streaks and wipe marks of the very poor cleaning that seems never to include the far end of the mirror.The curtains are tattered and the air-conditioner window unit is so poorly designed and placed that it blows open the drapes to create a flickering light should you decide to try and sleep in the daylight hours. The noise is absurd and the unit must cycle on every 5 minutes in an effort to maintain a 69 temp even on a mild 85 day.We requested more towels the first day and they were promised but never arrived. We again requested more towels the second day (at 8:30 AM) but were told that house keeping didn't arrive until 9AM so our showers would have to wait. At 9:30 we called back and were told "I just got in, I don't know, I will run your order through again." Whatever that means. Can I assume that just got in means 30 minutes ago and I don't know means the order was never received? No. Because the man on the phone seemed to know what the order was without me ever telling him. Clearly he had received the order. So we waited and waited and waited. We should be enjoying our holiday, out and about and spending money at the tables. That seems like a good business model to me. But no. We wait instead for towels that never come.When we finally complain loudly and long enough we get upgraded to another, in another tower and are offered no help in moving our things. So we pack and move ourselves (again, when we should be out enjoying our holiday) and when we get there our "upgrade" is, in many ways, worse than the previous room. No hangers. So we call housekeeping and request some and are promised they will be delivered right up to us. That's at noon. We call back at 2. No answer. Try to call the front desk. No answer. Call the operator and ask to speak with the manager. We get a supervisor instead. He promises hangers. At 4pm we call back, still no hangers. I told him our clothes, which we had to pack and move ourselves, are now wrinkled and we have a dinner date. He suggests I use the iron. May I suggest he be sent to class to learn what customer service is?I could go on & on but no room!
3	Circus Circus is pretty cool! I was in Vegas weekend before Halloween a.k.a Kim Kardashians b-day weekend! The dome was the "fright dome" because of the holidays...I recommend going there for halloween! The hotel overall is kinda grimy but I LOVED the midway area of carnival games and all of that cause I felt like a kid again! I'd come back for that alone!
1	Good place for kids.  The food isn't the best.  Luckily I had a car to drive around.  The room was weak.  There was no fridge or even coffee maker.  I was given a fridge after I told the desk that I had baby formula that needed to be refrigerated.  A working fridge came after two attempts.  The iron kept on leaking water when I was using it.  My view was of the Circus circus building, and a big light shining outside.  There was no free wi-fi.  After contacting support, I was told the first four floors of the main casino hotel do not have wi-fi. Make sure you find out where you're staying.  You get what you pay for.
1	We checked in at Circus circus around 6.30 pm. We had 3 rooms close to each other. One of the rooms was not serviced. Upon calling front desk, they said they could move me to the next tower, which I refused. Then they were going to give me another room and told me that some one will bring the keys right away. Here I am  after 55 minutes wait and 3 phone calls, still have not received the keys for the new room. I offered them to service the room in 2/3 hours and I would come back to sleep later but their answer was ' we cannot guarantee the service time" comeOn, I am talking about 3 hours to make up a room that they have already screwed up.... Did I mention that we had asked for all non- smoking room while booking but none of the rooms we received were non- smoking. Really nasty smell and my daughter has already started choking.... Horrible experience here. This is not our first visit to this hotel, but in the past, we have been more than satisfied.Not coming back ever to this place .
1	DO NOT STAY AT THIS PLACE!!!!  Worst customer service in Las Vegas. NEVER stay in the north tower. The rooms are old and smell like smoke. The AC unit sounds like it was having a securer every 3 minutes and if you decide to stay around Halloween time beware of the traffic nightmare getting or out of the parking garage.  The staff will not tell you these things when you check in and they will not compensate you for your loss. Recommend you stay away from this property.  Slots are ultra tight and table games are hard to find.
3	Haven't been here in 20 years!Decided to take a trip down my kid memory lane and win some stuffed animals for my Puppy Bulldog.I actually still have the magic touch with the games - won the claw game a couple of times, and won at the softball in jug game and got a huge basketball just in 7 tries!Still needs a facelift outside.
3	I won $320-ish here on a penny slot.I did actually receive drink from one of the waitresses finally, which is more than I can say for most of the casinos I hit up. I did like the floor as it was not too busy but was a lot of fun with all the colorful, but dated, decor and the acrobat shows every so often. I think I might come here agian, but I would hope the rooms are more modern.
4	I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel, even though i am underage and i cannot gamble, i really had a great time in their Super fun Arcade section!!!! i even got a huge pink colored teddy bear for my younger sister, with all the tickets i collected! haha
2	Kinda crappy but i would stay again on a budget. Their is a weird place in my hard for circus circus, it bad but not unsanitary. First, the people that do the check in are the most miserable humans in the planet. Did some one tell them to go as slow as possible? Seriously, it should take you no longer then 2-3 minutes to check me in.The place is musty with smoke, i mean w/e i don't care that much but some people do. Their is a stale taste in the air. The place as a whole is kinda cool, the look of it, the indoor activities like rick wall and extreme rides like you would find on the boardwalk.The rooms, poor without being dirty. They are boring yes. Do i feel like I'm in the 70's yes. But they are clean so i cant complain too much. The steak house inside is good but expensive. Avoid the buffet for sure (much better options in Vegas for same price)If you are going there because you have too and your on a budget don't fret. But their are much better options if your going to do Vegas do it right!
3	I never thought I'd say this, but it's true: Circus Circus really is A-OK.To be fair, I stayed in one of the (most) recently remodeled rooms in the West Tower. This gave me easy access to the hotel lobby and the cab line, although it put me pretty far back from the Strip. However, if you're staying here, you're probably going to be taking cabs a lot, as it's easily a 30-minute walk to anything that's not the Riviera.I only stayed at CC for about 36 hours, but I wouldn't have minded staying longer, especially with a big group. There's plenty to do here - penny slots, cheap blackjack, bars and restaurants. If you want to use the Deuce bus that runs up and down the Strip and to Downtown, there's a stop with easy access.Bottom line, if you're coming to Vegas on a busy weekend and can't find anything at a reasonable rate, give Circus Circus a try. Just be sure to bring a lot of cab money.
3	LOL. Circus Circus. I don't mean to laugh in a bad way, but I love the dirty old charm of this place. It smells of bad carpeting in the game area. The arena is pretty cool for indoor rides and cheap beer.
2	I traveled over to Circus Circus to meet up with a friend and checkout the casino.  When I say traveled I mean traveled.  We stayed at the Tropicana and even though we got on the  tram train thing we still had to walk, walk and walk some more before arriving at the Big Top. It looks pretty cool enough on the outside, I mean you have the shiny lights and the Vegas fixings.  When you walk through the doors things change up a bit.  I felt like I had walked into an indoor fair grounds. There were kids everywhere. I guess they are the product of what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.  We watched one on the Circus acts.  The act had a bunch of very bendable men pouncing around in leopard  print costumes.  The act was really good.  That was really about all I liked about the Big Top.  A visit to Circus Circus was enough for me.  I don't think I would want to actually stay.  It's so far from all the fun things in Las Vegas. When you leave Circus Circus  you feel dirty and you didn't even get to have fun getting dirty.
3	Apparently Circus Circus is working on remodeling their hotel towers. Let's hope the updates and upgrades will improve the mediocrity they currently hold.
2	Admit it, you're cheap.  That's why you're reading this review...because Circus Circus has REALLY cheap rooms and you're wondering "Is is worth it?  Or should I spend more?"  Well, I'll help you figure that out.We got the CHEAPEST room you can get.  It was old, and located outside of the casino, but the beds were way better than a Motel 6.  If you've ever been satisfied with a Motel 6, you'll be satisfied with Circus Circus, but...it's really far from the better part of the strip.  Cab ride from the airport was $28.  Cab ride from Planet Hollywood was $16.  So, if you don't plan on leaving much, Circus Circus isn't horrible.  The casino is actually pretty nice, and they have quite a few $5 black jack and craps tables.  If you can afford a few more dollars per night, I would recommend spending $100 per night somewhere else, say Tropicana when they have a good deal.  In fact, after staying at about 6 places in Vegas, Tropicana probably has the best value.
2	Now, I'm not one to really tear into a place with a scathing review (ANYMORE) so I will choose my words carefully for this place.*Stares at blank review spot... 3 minutes pass*Well...*4 minutes pass*Errr...*7 minutes*So, I got nothing.I will start at the parking garage. We parked at the red 2 section and ended up having to go to orange 4 so we could reach the elevator to the building. Upon leaving we had to go to orange 4 to cut through green3 wind up back at red 2. BTW what is with the hundreds of foot prints across the ceiling of the parking garage? The place looked kind of dingy already and this just made me break out the sanitizing wipes.The Adventuredome is what I believe to be the main attraction. A huge glass structure with rides and attractions and oh so much fun for the family. If this place was actually clean it would really be great for kids. Lots of fair foods like cotton candy and plenty of cute rides they would all love. I think the older kids and even the parents could have fun too. Everything is just SO dirty!You just don't want to touch anything. Blah...
2	It has a great area for kids, plus free circus act shows. If you aren't traveling with kids, then I cannot recommend this casino. It smelled and no one came around with drinks the whole time we were playing craps and blackjack. The place is in serious need of cleaning and renovation.
1	umm, this place is very colorful. and it looks like it is a lot of fun. i stayed in a really nice room. but this place did not feel... safe i guess you could say. I was sitting down and eating with my family and 3 people got arrested like in 10 min increments one, for hitting his wife, one for stealing something and i don't remember the last one. i would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
1	Never AGAIN!  Adventure Dome alone was a sea of unbathed children. I love children, don't get me wrong, but there's something wrong about parents that are holding ridiculous size alcoholic slushies while "watching" their kids here.There's no rhyme or reason is this claustrophobic muggy place.  The parking garage is so tight and cramped.  The elevator is always full.  The inside is so far from where I wanted to be in Las Vegas.  We've pleased my niece to ride 2 rides and that was all we can handle.NEVER AGAIN at the dome.  Never again!
2	This place is a dump.  BUT it IS Cheap!We asked them for the most expensive room they had - it was $54. Didn't have any problems with bedbugs, but while checking - I noticed the mattress had a bunch of blood stains on it. I checked the other bed, same thing.  Thankfully I carry a solar shield almost everywhere I go so I slept on that just in case.  Oh I almost forgot - MAKE SURE you ask them to stay in the TOWER not the MANOR.  I heard the Manor has the bedbug problems, and who knows what else.At night do not go out in the parking lot alone. This place is super sketchy outside.  It's THUGtastic. The Casino is awesome.  They have beer pong, jello shots, among other cheapo things.  There is also this weird sorta market where you can buy those cheap ass  samurai swords, Angry Bird T-Shirts, and other junk only you'll be paying much more for it than the 'market'. Watch out though!  If you are lucky you might bump into someone drinking everclear out of a plastic neon guitar. The staff is special. I saw a cocktail waitress that migh have been just north of 60, she had some of her teeth left and was wearing a super tight dress over her size 22 body. It screamed - DELISH!  She was wobbling around with a tray of ashtrays and some beer bottles. On the floor, don't forget to look up - There is a circus up there.  I didn't bother checking it out though.In a nutshell, this place is more entertaining for people watching than say - WalMart. Which can be fun for a while.  However the overwhelming stench is nauseating.  It's like a mix of stale beer, baby wipes, big macs, and pall-malls.
2	It's gross. But it's cheap.The check-in line wait is at least 30 minutes, and probably more if you check in later at night (we saw it double the length we waited). The parking situation is a real disaster and the garage is scary in both a "I might get mugged in this dark and winding weird building" way and in a "I might get run over by a taxi at any minute" way.We stayed in the nicer remodeled rooms in the West Tower (we paid more for these, about +$18 per night) and it was worth it... we didn't experience any nasty problems that any of the other reviewers stated - except a leaky sink and a slow to drain tub. And the carpet was a little crunchy. But for like $175 for 4 nights, I can't really complain. I wouldn't stay here unless you have a rental car though - it's not very walk-able in relation to the part of the strip where the good stuff is.Next time if we have a car (which we did this time) we'll stay off-strip and get Circus Circus prices without all the screaming children and inconveniences.
3	Stayed here for 3 nights and it was fine. Not magnificent, but in line with expectations of a 2 star hotel.I booked the hotel based on price never being in las vegas before. After reading the yelp reviews after booking, I was terrified. Horrified images came to mind like bed bugs and musky smells.It turned out fine. A simple double bedroom with no frills. No couch, no kettle, no coffee maker, no fridge. I was in the highrise tower with complimentary parking conveniently located next to the tower.There was an additional resort fee of 7.95 per night in addition to my vacation package. I knew beforehand so I was fine with the fee. It included internet which was a must for me, and worked with no hitches.
3	Circus Circus is a good value if you want to do Vegas for cheap. They're remodeling a lot of rooms right now and they're not half bad. There's plenty of stuff to do in the hotel and access to other attractions nearby. The pool here is too small though and it 's also lackluster. I like staying in the motor lodge section of the hotel for easy access to parking and the rooms. Not bad if you want a little bang for your buck in Vegas. There're definitely worse places to stay.
4	If you come here knowing what to expect you will probably leave content.  Yes it's full of kids on the weekend, yes it's a little bit old, but it's crazy cheap and on the strip.  I stayed in the recently updated west tower and for 150 for 3 nights it was quite enjoyable.  Did I mention they have the star wars slots?
4	Good .... But the Casino ... a bit too old ...
4	Not as bad as people say it is.I stay here all the time (get free rooms every year because pop's got the player's game card). They're remodeling the place so rooms are getting nicer (even though they are decent) and I honestly have to say, I have NEVER gotten any bedbugs problem or anything related to bugs at any of my stays (even as a kid). I'm not really into anything fancy & pricey like the Wynn Hotel etc so I'm fine with Circus Circus. Heck I rather spend all the money paying for food than booking an expensive room. If you're going to stay here, definitely go to Midway, especially if you have kids. Never disappoints me. BUT if you hate kids, run for your life. This ain't the place for you. Almost all their games are $1. YUP, only $1. I never leave Vegas w/o winning a stuff animal here. Shoot, did I say animal? I mean animalS. I bring home bags of them toys home. I guess I'm just a kid at heart. Since your at it, don't forget to check out the Adventuredome (indoor theme-park) either. Are you cheap? Not to worry, you don't even have to pay if you want to go on the rides; your "fun-book" (when you receive at check-in) gives you a coupon for riding TWO rides for free. The book also has other  coupons for free stuff too so people, don't just leave that "fun-book" hangin' and check it out.  Last but not least, do not I repeat, DO NOT eat at their buffet. Not worth it, even if it's 15.99 for adults.
3	Used to come (and stay) here all the time as a child with family and our family friends. One of the few kid friendly areas around. Still is, though age has definitely taken it's toll on the place. The draw was the Midway (and Adventuredome, though I don't like their hours of operation). Better and larger than the midway at Excalibur Casino (where half the game booths are often abandoned). This is still a place I stop by as an adult, from time to time, especially when I'm losing a bunch of money gambling and I feel a need to win something tangible in return. [My carnival game of choice: the basket toss.]There's so much history of this place for me, and for that, there will always be a place in my heart. I just wished there was a facelift to the place.
4	Honestly, Circus Circus doesn't get enough credit for their relatively cheap and fun carni games at Midway.  While I wouldn't recommend the hotel to stay (though there are newer/remodeled non-smoking hotel rooms that are now available), you can't deny the children their fun and games while they're in Vegas.Games cost from 25 cents to $3 (that's cheaper than our local OC Fair, folks, and available 365).  As it goes, the higher the cost the larger the prize.  Most of their prizes are current, including Hello Kitty and Minions from Despicable Me.  Most booths allow you to trade in your smaller prizes for the larger ones, if won from the same booth.  Midway also has a fun and FREE acrobatics show performed every couple hours.  It seems always crowded, even later at night, but the energy is vibrant and the kids (and adults) always love it.There's also a small carousel themed stand/booth that sells fairly priced snacks and drinks.  The best part is that the entire thing slowly rotates and has ample seating so you can take a load off from all the games.
1	We came over to check out the adventuredome... Lol big laughs... Well it's off the strip, so it isn't as classy as everything else, the adventuredome is not bad, but rides are limited and somewhat costly IMO. There are some carnival games/arcade which I love so we played some... Other than that, we were bored and left back to the strip!
2	Yuk! This review is for the room. The water was shut off a couple of times. The in-room safe did not work. The TV reception was horrible. Our room was only cleaned once on 4 days and they didn't leave any clean cups.The only reason I left 2 stars was for the fact that it was not as bad as I thought (the room did not smell like smoke). They had reliable internet access and they did fix the safe after calling the second time.
3	Visited and stayed at Circus Circus, "Manor Motor Lodge,"which is the motel portion of the resort. The rooms were older, but clean. The casino attracts lots of families and there's a lot of stuff for kids to spend money on. Didn't feel ripped off at all.
5	I love this place. Took my 2 boys ages 7 and 5 so we were able to enjoy Las Vegas in a whole new way! We had an awesome time here. The all day passes are definitely worth it if you're staying here.. We went for a few hours then came back later at night. We went during the week so there were little to no people in the place ( MY KIND OF THEME PARK!) My boys had so much fun. Make sure you use the coupons they give you when you check in. There are a few coupons in there for free games and $5-$10 off all days passes at the Adventure Dome. Overall we had a great time here!
3	The reason I give this 3 stars instead of 2 is only because the fried chicken was fabulous. The rest of the food was so-so. Nothing to write home about. But the fried chicken. Mmm
2	When I was a kid, my extended family and I used to go to Vegas all the time. We'd stay at Circus Circus when I was younger, but as we got older, we stayed at Excalibur. My cousin and I revisited Circus Circus recently. Nostalgia compelled us, now reality repels us. It is TO' UP. Seriously BUSTED.There are corridors of shops that reminded me of being in a swap meet, or maybe even some weird bazaar in a foreign land. It made me feel really uncomfortable. I had good memories of the place, but dude, this is just sad.To top it off, my cousin used the men's room in the Midway/arcade. Holy $h*t! There was a SHARPS CONTAINER in there. They must have found one too many rogue syringes in the bathroom and said, "Eff it-- it's gonna happen, so might as well be safe about it." But yeah, this place is going downhill and fast. I wouldn't be surprised if this was the next casino to close down... but it's one of the few places that is family-oriented and actually has an arcade for the kids to play while the adults gamble. And their carnival games have decent prizes too.
1	Remembered liking this place when I was younger.  Here I go, thinking about staying here as an adult.  I book a room, but was able to find something cheaper and convenient in location to our expo/trade show.  I noticed the Circus Circus charges had not yet posted to my account, and canceled my reservation a couple days later.  Low and behold...two days after I cancel it... the charge posts.  Since I used a debit card it makes it very inconvenient for them to take the funds out even though I already canceled.  Mind you, I had checked my bank account 10 mins prior to canceling and there were no charges yet.  I was even given a confirmation number of cancellation.  A lot of good that did me.  Ugh.  So inconvenient.  Make sure if you book here, you are really staying here.  They'll charge you no matter if you cancel.  I'm currently disputing the transaction with my bank.
4	i loved here the only bad thing was the weekend i was there  it was not a  lot of people in the place. time 11pm-3am!! the pictures below are not up to date.  i love the tables but i know this is "circus circus" is for kids but hell i left mine at home for a reason. but, i guess that is what i get for going to a kids place. not their fault. The room is wonderful for the price to stay at  this place
2	I have not stayed here, this is for the Bar/Casino. My friends and I wandered over to this end of the strip and pulled an all nighter. I ended up sitting down at one of the bars that is right near the beer pong tables and casino cashier to play some video poker while my husband and 2 other friends wandered around elsewhere in the casino. So anyways I ask the bartender for some change so I can tip him, since I only had a 20 and he told me he couldn't give change, it is a policy but that the cashier was over to my right and I could get change from them. The problem was that I was by myself, had money in the video poker machine, and a drink...I was not about to leave it alone at 2am with the trashed people playing beer pong behind me. What upset me even more about the whole situation was that one of the managers was behind the bar helping out the bar tender because he was new-so when I had asked for change he said let me ask my manager, and then his manager told him the BS policy, and talked about me like I wasn't 2 feet away from him, didn't have the courtesy to acknowledge that I was even there , "She can go to the cashier, its right there" That is just rude! Especially since I was obviously spending my money at that bar, and would have stayed longer had the manager not been such an asshole!Anyways so I cashed out of the video poker and went to find my friends because I was getting hungry. They were hungry too so we tried to find some food in Circus Circus...the only food they claimed that was open at that time of night (2-3am) was their crappy appetizers from another bar in the casino. We asked if there were any restaurants near by, or any open ones in any of the nearby hotels, they said no. 3 of 4 of us decided to just order some of the appetizers they offered. We got the sliders which were surprisingly tasty and then some sort of artichoke dip that was just meh. Then we headed across the street to the Riviera, where my husband found am Irish type pub with a full menu open 24hours. He had a nice chicken and mushroom pot pie. I was pissed. LOLSo the consensus is that while the casino is fun and there is a few choices of things to do, the people who work their are morons and not very helpful.
1	Stayed over MLK weekend and hotel was full.   Glass under desk that was not cleaned after calling and telling cleaning crew.   Wi-Fi was down and tech brought me in to other rooms with other patrons personal belongings (and left me in one room while he knocked on other doors).They gave me a 2 for 1 buffet ticket for the trouble... Whoopie!One star since they were at peak capacity.
1	Reasonable rates isn't enough to tempt me to return!I can forgive the screaming kids in the hallways; par for the course of a family lodging. I can forgive the nearly endless lines for check-ins; par for the course of attracting a lot customers with reasonable rates. I can forgive the dumpy condition of the rooms and hallways; par for course of high-volume, high traffic, and high usage.What I CANNOT forgive, at any rate I would pay, is the SCREAMING PARENTS during the day and middle of the night (there is just no excuse for that), CANNOT forgive NON-SMOKING ROOMS that are super smoky-smelly, and the terrible parking.
1	Fact: Circus Circus was one of the key locations for Sean Connery's 007 film "Diamonds Are Forever."Fact: The hotel today is even tackier than it was in 1971.Fact: That creepy feeling you got when you saw Mr. Wint and Mr. Kidd in the film? Yeah. The hotel will give you that creepy feeling, too.They charge a mandatory "resort fee," which is a bit of a misnomer. This isn't a resort. Imagine instead that the t-shirt vendors and samurai sword dealers of your local flea market teamed up with a carnival, started a permanent location, and decided to add 3x more flashing lights than Britney sees getting out of a limo. To add to the ambiance, they found a way to make the building smell like an orange melmac ashtray that hasn't been cleaned in 30 years.Cheap. Stinky. Dark. Slightly seedy. That's a pretty good description.We had a recently renovated room, within the past month, and it was not as tacky as the rest of the hotel. That will not last, though. There was pizza sauce on the wall from the previous tenants that stayed put during my entire week stay. On one of the days, room service did not even check on our room or see if we needed towels.The furniture in the room, though new, was a peculiar blend. There was a desk and a table, but the only chair was a cloth living room arm chair. I'm not sure how they anticipated someone to use the table or the desk comfortably.For those of you who have driven up I-95 through the Carolinas, this is the South of the Border of the Vegas Strip. Don't do it. It's cheap, but it's too cheap. Find a decent place off the Strip, or wait for a special rate at a decent hotel through a travel site.What do you think of the review?Mr. Wint: Very moving. Mr. Kidd: Heartwarming, Mr. Wint. Mr. Wint: A glowing tribute, Mr. Kidd.
4	I just want to give major props to the plumber on staff who saved me from a mental disaster.I stayed here for a short vacation last summer.I was in the bathroom washing my face or brushing my teeth or whatever, and being incredibly clumsy accidentally dropped the pendant part of a very expensive necklace down the sink drain. This was a very expensive gift from a relative so I was freaking out, not even gonna say how much.I didn't dare run the faucet.. I could see a bit the necklace the top of the sink. After mentally freaking out a bit I called the front desk and an hour later they sent their plumber on staff up.After I explained the situation he got some tools, opened up the pipes below the bathroom sink and retrieved my necklace for me. That was a HUGE relief for me.I think this is why I don't wear super nice stuff when I go out.I'll write more about the hotel itself later, but this always stands out in my memory.
1	I stayed here one night when everything else on the strip was way out of my price range.  I tried to convince myself that it was just for one night, that part of Fear and Loathing took place here so at least I could have some sort of an ironic Hunter S. Thompson like experience here.  Ugh.  The casino was gross.  Vegas is flashy, for sure, but this was over stimulation at it's worst.  The hotel section was pretty bad too and the rooms decor was tacky.  I really didn't expect anything great and you definitely get what you pay for.  We went and watched the small circus show in the casino.  It was ok.  Wouldn't have gone to see it if we weren't staying there.  Kids were running around everywhere screaming at all hours of the night.  The one plus side to my experience here is that I won $2500 on a slot machine.  So thank you Circus Circus for the cash.  Haven't been back since.
2	I've stayed here many times when I was little, but the place has definitely lost its novelty in my eyes now that I come to Vegas for different, 21+ reasons :P For families, this place is great - there is a whole floor dedicated to carnival-like games and children can have lots of fun (but will probably waste a lot of your money!) playing the games in order to win stuffed animals.If you're 21+, this is definitely not a good place to stay in Vegas.It's on the outskirts of The Strip, so it's not easy to get anywhere - the Wynn/Encore is a couple blocks away but you are still far from everything else. The food in the hotel is very mediocre.The gambling in the hotel also really sucks - the blackjack tables have a $5 minimum, which is lower than most places in Vegas, BUT they only deal 1 deck, so it's almost always in the dealer's favor. You can lose a lot of money that way. People also don't really seem to come here for anything other than slots, because even the poker room only had 1 full table when I came, compared to the Venetian or even Encore, which had hella. Good thing my friends and I weren't staying here during our trip!
2	Spent three nights here and I must say I wish I spent a little more money for something nicer and something on the strip. The area of the hotel I stayed in was very run down gross and OLD. The pictures they post at check in or around the main lobby is by far nothing compared to what I stayed in. Also the people that work there are beyond idiots. When checking I asked if we could get a King instead of two queens and the lady said no problem. We go to our room and we have two queens. Then I go downstairs and the lady who fixes the issue turns to my boyfriend and me and says just so you know all that non smoking and number of beds or having a view is all request we don't have to honor it. Really?? Who says shit like that.
3	I stayed here all the time when I was little, and loved every minute of it. There was nothing cooler than staying up late in a foreign room and watching Circus Circus "Clown Cops" on TV. Now that I am older, I realize that this place has really gone down the drain. There is duct tape covering holes in the carpet, and the bedding looks like it might get you pregnant if you sleep on it. I never knew there was a "carnival" type floor, my parents probably didn't tell me about it so I wouldn't put their life savings into a video game. Now when I go to Vegas, I stay at The Golden Nugget, which has an amazing yet freezing pool.
2	I hate writing bad reviews. I stayed here for a couple days before moving into the dorms at UNLV. Needless to say I was getting a promotion of $26/night so I shouldn't have expected THAT much, but hear me out.I came into our room, went to wash my hands in the sink and there was dirt/dust or whatever in the sink!! It was not clean is the point I am getting at.Secondly, I found our room EXTREMELY difficult to find. The lady at the check in desk gave us a map telling us where to go but it did not really make sense.Another very misleading thing is that there are some elevators for the first set of floors and another elevator for the higher set of floors that were not labeled. Myself and many other guests that checked in after me were constantly getting on the wrong elevator.I find this hotel a little disorganized because the valet/entrance/self park is at the back of the hotel, but only taxi's are out front. If anyone can explain that system to me, please do! PS. Free wifi but it is incredibly slow...!
2	Every passing year this place seems a little closer to the way Hunter S. Thompson described it. I've had "lady's" proposition me at the bar before, though the staff does seem to run them off if they are putting people off. It's a surreal experience that's better experienced with a few cocktails in you than sober. When you want a dive casino, you'll find what you are looking for here.
3	We don't need the Bellagio, CC is just fine.    The buffet, unfortunately,   is underwhelming.    Because the crowds are sparse, idiots are using hardened nails or something to scratch mirrors and stainless steel elevator doors.    The room was pretty good, decent TV, it sat in a monstrous wood thing.  Room seemed fairly recently remodelled, no worn carpet or anything, no complaints.  It was stuffy when we first got to the room because of the "green" ac/ heater / air circulator that won't go on until it senses motion ( unless overridden ).  That is stupid  IMHO.  First impressions count.    The trapeze act I saw was impressive.  I was playing slots on on the floor, and the way they have it arranged, there were bleacher seats above me for the families, but I could see the show from a level below.  They were very talented, but had sort of a "mail it in" feel, because the crowds were sparse.  They were also easy on the eyes.    Payout percentages on slots seemed OK.  I was up but of course started betting more with "house money" and gave it back.    Number of drink hostesses was OK, especially " Marilyn", on duty Friday early, she was a gem.  Full bottles of beer, real sized bar drinks.
1	This place is a dump! My boyfriend still won't forgive me for trying to save a few hundred dollars on our recent trip to Vegas. Strike 1 - we were placed in the "Manor" buildings which are bungalows located away from the hotel and you have to go from the outside to get there (and the taxi cabs don't travel there). It was cold. It was far. We had to carry all of our luggage.Strike 2 - the halls of the bungalows smelled like medicine cabinet. Every time we had to enter the bungalow, you were hit with a horrible stench (a mix of old carpet stained with cigarette smoke and an old person's medicine cabinet). Awful.Strike 3 - screaming kids EVERYWHERE. and screaming adults at 5 AM hollering for their alcohol refill. Maybe i'm just too old, but I was ready to kill someone.If that's not enough, the hotel is far from everything, the blankets had holes in them, there was no room service, the food at the hotel was mediocre and did i mention that you had to walk really far to get to the rooms?!! Never Again!
1	This place is a dump.  I hate to have to be negative but I feel like I should warn people.  Here is why.You will save money initially, but it costs $25 each way to get to the top of the strip at Mandalay Bay.  You figure 2 round trips a day and that's an extra $100/ per day to save a buck and stay at the most disgusting hotel in Vegas.  The air quality is so horrendous everyday our lungs were wheezing until we could get out into fresh air.Nothing is vacuumed and did I mention it smells like farts and cigarettes everywhere.There is nothing around this hotel/ casino except empty abandoned construction sites and homeless drug addict transients.None of us felt safe walking to our rooms alone.This place should be condemned it is a health code violation.I could barely see out my window it was sooooo dirty!There was a pubic hair on the glass table in our room.I had to pay 50 cents every time I wanted to lock the safe in my room.The buffet is gross and expensive.  If you want to eat anything that's descent off you go in a cab for $25 bucks to the top of the strip.Ending this review on a positive note all the staff were kind of nice, but when I told them that my impression of the hotel was that it was really dumpy and smelled like "parmesan cheese cigarette fart pie" they just stared at me and told me they were repainting it soon!??? SAVE YOUR HEALTH AND YOUR MONEY AND DON'T STAY HERE!!!!!
1	I really don't see the allure of this place.  The place is run down and teeming with children.   The rooms are horrendous.  Please don't stay in the manor if you can avoid it.  Just trust me on this.This end of the strip has really fallen off.  With Stardust and Sahara gone, Circus Circus and Riviera are truly the only things left.  The rest is just empty abandoned space.If you are looking for a cheap room that is technically on the strip, Circus Circus will suffice.  However, I would guess that the rooms are easily as cheap as the Riviera across the street.  You can also abandon your kids while you gamble at the adventuredome or the midway. I could see where that might be helpful.
1	My first 1 star review ever...So many problems with this place, where to start. The rooms are run down, the hotel is run down, it is a good long walk away from most of the strip, the type of people that stay there are obnoxious and so many other issues. Most of the problems I could live with because of the price. The problem I had was the type of people that low price attracts. I was told that it is a nice environment to stay in and it was a fun hotel, which may be true. I was shocked by how many people try to turn a trip to Vegas into a family vacation by staying here. I was appalled by the parents that walked around playing slots while smoking and holding an infant. Parents let their little children just run around the hotel unsupervised while they got plastered at the bar. I am all for going to Vegas to gamble and drink excessively. But please leave your kids home.
1	I cannot say that I will ever stay here again..the room was remodeled so it was decent but the help was rude, the food was bad, and the location sucked. The only good thing was the adventuredome for the kids but it was so crowded that you could not enjoy it. The place smells badly and there are rude people everywhere..this place should be imploded
3	I stayed here in the summer of 2011 with my husband and his family. We had three rooms in total. When we walked up to the Hotel from the parking lot there was an overwhelming smell of garbage. Inside the lobby we checked in, gotten our rooms keys and we went up. My father in-law however, chose to get us up on the wrong floor and we got a bit lost, not knowing where our rooms were. He decided to get some help and we were helped by a staffmember of the hotel. It was all friendly and professional. The Rooms:Me and my husband went into our rooms and I thought it was going to be a bit of a run down room, but it was not! It was pleasant, good in size and neat. Instantly I felt more relieved, that was until we wanted to put some cash and jewelry in our safebox, which did not work. I alerted my father in law and he contacted front desk. They said that someone might come to our rooms tomorrow between 12:00 AM and 4 PM. Uhm, we're supposed to be in our rooms the whole day? We didn't do that and used the safebox from my father inlaw. But it was a bit frustrating that they could not send someone straight up. Even though the rooms we had were fairly modern and pretty, some parts of the hotel it self were a bit run down. When me and my husband walked towards the pool we peeked into some other rooms that were being cleaned and we were shocked (and happy) to see how the quality was in there. The Buffet: A no go... It was disgusting, and very unsatisfying... Everything I ate there tasted like plastic. That was not even the worst part, when I went to grab food I noticed chicken bones on the carpet, lying between tables, anyone could have spotted it. When I went back to my seat it was still there, and when we left it was still there. We had been sitting there for quite a while and it seemed to me it was ridiculous that none of the waiters had picked it up. So I got a napkin, picked it up and dumped it on a not yet cleaned table.We did go into the Adventuredome, but we didn't go on any of the rides. It does seem like a fun time for kids, but I got no clue why anyone would take their kids to Vegas to be honest...
3	Came here while in vegas, mainly for the indoor amusement park we had heard about.  It's cool to see a rollercoaster inside, but it did look like it needed some work.  Its a nice change of pace from all of the casinos and nightclubs.  I stayed at the Flamingo and walked over here, boy was that a long, hot walk. Will remember to go with a cab or a bus next time. I also remember them having a ton of shops, not places that I like to spend money at, but still nice to see.
2	Plain and simply, with a million places in Vegas to go eat, gamble, party, and rest your drunk little head, Circus Circus doesn't even make it onto the radar. I was staying next door at the Hilton where they don't have a casino, so I walked over here one night and it was simply depressing. I felt like I walked into the 70s as well as an ash tray. Just stay away.
2	My wife and I stayed at Circus Circus for our honeymoon because my brother paid for our trip and was being price conscious.. not that there's anything bad about that and we definitely appreciate him hooking us up with a Vegas trip.  We had alot of fun while we were there and was definitely worth it, but this is a review about Circus Circus so lets begin.The place is definitely old and shows it.  We got to the hotel and the minute we walked in the front door someone started trying to hook us up with complimentary shows and passes, but required a major credit card (if its complimentary, why do you need my credit card?)   We get to the check in area and there was nobody there.  We waited about 20 minutes and finally someone showed up.  Circus Circus charges a mandatory resort fee for each day you stay, and apparently from what I've read on other Hotel Reviews, pretty much all of them do... So we weren't surprised nor did we care to pay it.   After we got our room cards we proceeded to head to our rooms.  We showed up on a Tuesday so there was hardly anyone around and that's understandable.  We had to walk an ungodly distance to get to the tower our room was in.. The place really looked run down, everything was expensive and there were lots of kiosks everywhere selling useless junk at ridiculous prices. (i.e. Fake jewlery, hats and crap).  Anyways, we got to our hotel room, and it was decent... about the equivalent of what you can expect from a Motel 6 or Super 8 as far as decor was concerned.  Our view was overlooking the north end of the strip where you can see the Stratosphere and in the distance, downtown.  The view was pretty nice if you ask me.  The bed was extremely comfortable.  The window to our room was partly open in the corner and was nailed in that way so we couldn't close it.The food there was bland at best and I would recommend eating at other places.  We enjoyed the free circus acts, its surprisingly entertaining.  Come the weekend and all hell breaks loose... There are children EVERYWHERE bumping into you, screaming, acting like.. well... Children and we dare not try to go to the pool.There were no attractions for 20-30 something adults, like clubs or anything like that.  We would have to venture into the strip or downtown for that.  The casino sections are amazingly boring and poorly lit.Overall, Im sure this place is great if you want to bring your kids to Las Vegas (why?... its Las Vegas.. should be adults only), but for grown ups, I recommend staying else where.   Other than that, it was an ok stay and we don't have anything else bad to say about this place.
2	We just got back from Vegas, and yes, we went with a kid!  We visited family who lives in Henderson (20 minutes outside of Vegas).  We originally chose Circus Circus because it sounded child friendly.  There is a Midway of arcade games, and an on site indoor Amusement Park.  For those purposes, it was fine.  You couldn't beat the price either (about 40 bucks a day...Saturday was 80 though).  The rooms are fine.  They were clean and provided ample room. Nothing fancy, new or renovated.  We were on a non smoking floor, which had an ashtray near the elevator (go figure??).  The smell of cigarette smoke still  lingered in the hallway on the way to our room.The public areas (casino, lobby, etc) were very dark and unappealing.  Almost all walking areas around the hotel border the casinos, and it is very smoky.  I felt bad for people with small children.  Our 8 year old covered her nose as we rushed in or out of the hotel from our rooms. There was no way to avoid the smoke, even in the children's Midway arcade area.  After visiting the other nicer hotels, it was kind of depressing walking through the Circus Circus lobby on the way to our room.  There is absolutely no great restaurant or dining experience at Circus Circus.  Most of it was greasy and tasteless.  Don't do the buffet.  When all else fails, there is a McDonalds on site.  Good for a quick tea or coffee before getting out and about during the day.  We had most of our meals outside at other hotels or restaurants along the Vegas Strip.  There is a city bus (the Deuce) you can take.  $5 will get you rides for 2 hours, $7 will allow you to ride for 24 hours.  You get on and off as much as you want up until your ticket expires.  This allowed us to get all around town, to the best eating places around (note the Red Rock Canyon Resort has an amazing buffet...if you get a free player card at the resort, the breakfast was only $4.99).  Saying this, because you can take 2  Deuce buses there (I think you need to transfer).If you are spending most of your time away from the hotel (like we did...we were out by 9am and didn't usually return until after 9pm), this budget saver hotel cannot be beat.  There were many large families, senior sight seeing groups and young couples planning to experience the Vegas strip 24/7 (needing only a place to crash and sleep).However, if you would like to linger and relax in the hotel room, spend time lounging at the pool or have memorable and tasty dining experiences, choose another spot.  Next time we go, we will stay at another hotel, and just visit Circus Circus for the amusement park and Midway.Finally, you CAN go with kids...if your sole purpose is not for gambling and adult fun.  First I was skeptical. Then we found Red Rock Canyon, Mandalay Bay Shark Reef, the hotel outdoor extravaganza shows (Bellagio, Treasure Island, Mirage), Groupon deals and many other things for kids, adults and families.
3	Pretty much this place is underrated. We had a great time here with the children. if you aint about family fun in vegas, screaming kids, or saving a little money on a hotel room, save yourself that "im too good" or snobby ass review and book at the wynn or stay elsewhere. This place caters to kids and adults. Arcades, fairgames, blackjack and craps plus circus acts. My kids had a blast and so did the wife and I. 3 good stars from me. Book a west tower hotel, nice.
5	5 stars because:It's a unionized hotel, the rooms are much nicer than what you expect, staff is friendly, conference rooms and catering were decent and its incredibly cheap to stay here. They also offer casinos, a wedding chapel, entertainment like a trapeze artist act, dining and bar options, amusement park which is really fun, shopping and more.
3	Review for casino only:I was at Circus Circus last night to go to their Steak House restaurant.  I had forgotten how large the place is, but coming from the garage in the back, I didn't have to go to the main casino.  I did anyway just to see one of the circus acts.  Roller skating duos must be the rage in Las Vegas with a couple spinning there last night.The place was cleaner than I remembered from years ago.  It's not a place I'd go except for the restaurant, but it is OK.
3	I stayed at Circus Circus in February of 2012 with my husband. The price for the room was very very inexpensive, which is why we chose it. The rooms have been recently renovated and we found them to be very nice. There was a long line at check in and it took at least 30 minutes to get up to the desk. The casino is pretty sad looking, smoky and run down. We didn't spend much time there, so that didn't both us too much. We were there for a convention in another hotel. If you want a nice room, at a cheap price and you don't care about the other parts of the hotel/casino, then I recommend it.
4	we had a weekend at planet hollywood but wanted to stay in vegas an extra night. they sent us a deal for circus circus which ended up being like 32$ it's at the end of the strip but we didn't mind walking (that's what you do in vegas anyway).  for those of us on a budget, this was the way to go! the room was fine ( who wants to hang out in the room?) for us and was clean. it was also pretty spacious. the casino had a little of everything too. shops, restaurants, and of course gambling. we got a little coupon book with a BUNCH of deals in it like free drinks and stuff. an unexpected bonus was the performances. they do circus performances upstairs in the casino several times a day and the ones we saw were pretty amazing. contortionists and acrobats really blew us away, and the greatest part? FREE. aww yea!all in all this was a great deal. if you're looking for a cheap place to lay your head at night, this is the way to go. good luck finding a hotel room at motel 6 for under 40$, much less a hotel in vegas
3	This place reminds me of my childhood vacations in Vegas. This is definitely one of the old parts of Vegas that has a special place in little children's hearts, as it holds one of the most amazing arcades ever.
2	Circus Circus is alright but I wouldn't go here often. I wanted to try the buffet because it was cheap but it wasn't even good. The food was bland and it just didn't satisfy me one bit. I would not go here again for the buffet because there are way better buffets out there than this one.
3	I wish I could give this two and a half stars...because....well....  it's just below A-OK....I've stayed at the circus circus before and it is definitely not my first pick for a vegas hotel but it was the most reasonably priced option for a holiday weekend (St. Patty's day). Plus it had been long enough since my last visit to forget the bad and remember the good. The bad stuff first. Check-in, check-in is mayhem...total mayhem...., plus you get to hang with every drunk partier who can't afford anything other than the motor lodge super saver rate-just think bad frat party. It took about half an hour+ to get through the village of the damned check in line. It's here we should fast forward to the OTHER bad thing about Circus Circus....Check OUT....which is impossible. I mean....getting out of the building is impossible. On Sunday-you should get up regardless of your hangover and try to leave as early as possible. The elevators can not handle the volume of guests that the hotel books, after waiting nearly 45 minutes for a downward elevator with enough room we decided to walk down....yeah...on the stairs... from the 32nd floor. It was grueling-but not so much as having to ascend five flights after finding out that the exit stairs kinda go to nowhere-so up to the fifth or sixth floor to try to catch another elevator-but that took another 20 minutes so we ferreted out the other staircase which took us down to the third floor where we could then find an empty single hidden elevator to the lobby. The parking garage was equally hellish. So the good....the West tower rooms are kinda ok, during the week when they're dirt cheap I'd say they're stellar, on the weekend the rooms soar up to the $100 a night mark, it's supply and demand but honestly-vegas is rad any day of the week, maybe even moreso when there's fewer tourists so the review should be taken with that grain of salt....if the tower room I had was $40 or $50 like it is during the week-I'd be way more stoked.... . The bed was comfy and although they already show their age after the recent renovation... the rooms were pretty nice. I do have to say it was super awesome that the concierge upgraded us to a jacuzzi room on check in-that was amazing. It is on the strip (more or less) so that was convenient, and I did win enough at the casino on their super loose slots that the room ended up being reasonable on price. Weird crowd though-lots of unusual characters-kinda what you'd expect to find at the cheapest rooms during a busy weekend in vegas. There were a lot of kids milling about-I noticed this in other's reviews and it's true. Would I stay here again...maybe...but only on another weekend where I couldn't get one of my standby hotels like The Cabanas at El Cortez, or The Artisan.... if you want the total tourist experience then yeah-this is a good choice... Oh and yes....the Motor Lodge annex is really a no-go zone....
1	I'm a Vegas regular and my plethora of high end hotels under my belt from the vdara mandarin oriental and the palazzo-Venetian may not allow me to properly judge a lower end hotel, but believe me the moment you walk into this sleezy cesspool of a hotel you will instantly recognize a condemned resort ( if you can call this stink that). The horribly laid out hotel is reminiscent of something out of a cheesy horror movie and the vile gag inducing stench from the buffet really epitomizes EVERYTHING wrong with this god awful excuse for a resort. There are cheaper safer more family friendly locations along the outside of the strip with more amenities friendlier staff and nicer room than this sad excuse of an mgm property. Stay away  not even a motel 6 could compare to this.
4	We had a great time at Circus Circus! There is a lot of things to do at this hotel but it is a 15 min walk to the strip. The customer service was great and the room was clean and smelled nice, we would stay here again, the price is right and we enjoyed our 3 night stay.
1	This place is terrible. It is over run with children.  I understand there's a circus theme but children (young, young, young--still in their strollers young) on the gambling floor (holding your smokes)? Really?  Low class.  I wouldn't stay there.  I don't know who would pay money to stay here.  There are plenty of places you can stay for a reasonable price that are not nearly as trashy.
2	I'll be first in line to watch this dump get imploded. Where to start? Reserved a room with 2 queen beds 2 months in advanced and they gave us one with 1 king bed when we arrived. They didn't even notify us at the check in that they messed up (which by the way the check in line had over a 100 people in line at 1:30am) The room had mold every where and we found a cockroach in the bathroom. We didn't care too much at that point because we just wanted to use the room to crash. It's very poorly laid out, you'll find yourself doing way too much walking in there, you're far away from every other casino so a cab ride is needed each time you want to leave. It took us 10-15 minutes to get from the room to get outside to the strip. Then its another 20 minute walk to Encore and Wynn. A dealer at a blackjack table asked us how our stay was going and we told her it was alright and that we had a cockroach in our room. She told us we should get a new room and a discount so she brought the manager over as we were playing and he set us up in the Skyline tower with 2 queen beds like we had originally reserved and 40% off. So for that Circus Circus gets an extra star. Otherwise it's a 1/5, Excalibur is the same price and much better.
1	For the rooms we stayed at the  West Tower for spring break and got a serious rash from the water or bed, the water had serious chlorine in it.  Just had a thin-ish blanket as the main blanket.   Bed was really comfy though besides that.  View was pretty good.The food was alright drinks were not worth the money stayed away from the buffet because of the line, but thank god we didn't go there from the other reviews.  Went the caesars palace for the buffet even though it was 30$/person it was worth it.  The 24 hour deli was horrible, my sister got a chicken salad from there and it was just a big leaf with a scoop of per made chicken salad you put on sandwiches.The whole place was filled with smoke, me and my sister got bloody snot from the second hand smoke, for a child's hotel went to all the others like the Mirage and Luxor and all those others it smelt way better and didn't have and barely any smoke.The midway was just the same as the one in Reno but a little bigger and but had seats for the free act.   I am surprised that people actually bring their little ones to this hotel/Las Vegas in General.  This place was way understaffed, there was no room service and had water for $3.00 at the vending machine so, we just went to Walmart and got some big  jugs of water for $1.00.  The only pool was outside  by the RV camps, there was no indoor one. In summery its like the owner doesn't even care about their hotel/casino.Please just stay away from this and go to another one.  Next time if we come back to LV we're just going to stay at the Mirage or one of the casinos that the monorail goes to.
1	visit the free kid shows in the casino...but DO NOT stay in this roach motel. Period.The bed sheets have all kind of unmentionable stains and holes. Very musty odor in the room. I am not surprised if they even have bed bugs. Stay AWAY as far as you can.If there is negative or 0 start then this hotel needs it badly.
1	Worst casino ever! but when you think of  "circus circus" you have to think  "families" and i have to say that dome area was pretty cool. the bartender wasn't allowed to give change so he got no tip, he was rude anyway. the "greeters" were so rude, we went up to one to ask where the dome was and he put his finger up and said "i'll be with you in a minute" and walked like 4 feet away to this man that just came out of the elevator (doors didnt even open yet) and said he pointed to something to the man and we just walked away because i had truly never had been so insulted ..if i didnt want to see the dome so bad i would have told him what i thought of a finger in my face..grrrrr.
1	Let me start off by saying that this hotel needs to be shut down!  I went there to meet up with friends that were staying there, and first off, there were kids everywhere! Too many for that matter.  And it smelled like rotten sewer throughout.  Very run down.  I will never stay or even visit this hotel again.  It's just a horrible place.
4	Circus Circus is a nice hotel and it has a lot of things to do such as the Adventuredome, the free circus performances, the arcade, etc. It is the most kid friendly hotel in Vegas no doubt about that. The hotel towers seem nice.
1	D.U.M.P.  I've found the hotel homeless people go to when given $10 on the street.  Ewe.... Thought we would try it out just fer shits n giggles.  Heard it had a fun playful circul amusement park mentality...  Disgusting in every way.  And the staff!  Gross!  I think living in a trailer and eating cigarettes for breakfast are a Pre requisite for job application.  How can EVERYTHING taste like cream of wheat and bacon grease?  I felt the need to stop in at a roadside gas station restroom to get the stank off.  That's satin somethin
2	Casino was ok, but the hotel portion wasn't up to par. The sink wasnt draining properly nor was the tub. I won't be back
4	the casino? alittle outdated, but what do you expect for one of the oldests casinos. we came here for the adventuredome! 26.95 not too bad, however they place a ton of games and other (not on the menu) rides all around to drive your kids crazy, and to try to make more money , the rides were well maintained , and they are all indoors.
2	If you don't have kids stay away! If you do have kids what are you doing in Las Vegas? I hate all the smoking indoors. Couldn't find any quality food at the hotel.
4	I stayed here about 10 years ago when I went to vegas with my family, and when my boyfriend and I were looking for an inexpensive vacation spot, I figured why not. Circus Circus recently renovated most of the hotel, so the creepy clown pictures on the walls and clown commercials when you turn on the TV are gone, yay! The rooms was nice and clean (we were in the Skyrise tower) and the house keeping staff were very nice. We enjoyed walking around the hotel and adventuredome and using all the coupons in the book they gave us at check-in. The only downside is that there are tons of kids and the people attracted to the hotel tend to be rude and oblivious to people moving around them, so after the 20th time some lady pushing a Cadillac sized stroller stops for no reason directly in front of you, you get a little irritated. All in all we enjoyed our staff and recommend the Blue Iguana for a quick and affordable bite inside the hotel.
2	Went back here with my grandparents and mom for my grandma to gamble while me and grandpa and mom went to the adventuredome. It was fun but a little boring. We went on the Rim Runner and the rollercoaster. The hotel has been remodeled a little bit, but still has some touches that should be done here and there. The buffet was gross and the food was dry and hard to eat.
3	I swear teleportation exists. How do I know this? Because of Circus Circus. Everytime I step inside Circus Circus, I am instantly transported into Tijuana. It is so weird. I can't figure it out. I mean, I don't want to be in Tijuana, but it happens everytime. Soooo weird. But I will give Circus Circus a fat high five for their midway games and their theme park. I'm not sure if I'd bring my future kids there in fear they might be kidnapped and sold, but nonetheless I. HAD. SO. MUCH. FUN. THERE as a kid. Man, I remember fucking every other kid up at TIC-TAC-TOE, watergun races, bean bag toss, rock climbing... pretty much everything. I'm not even sure how my parents were able to fit all my prizes in the car. I was like Jeremy Lin before Jeremy Lin was even invented.  COME AT ME BRO!
1	I will never step foot into this forsaken hotel even if the zombie apocalypse hit Las Vegas. I'll take my chances out on the streets. The layout and design of this hotel closely resembles a labyrinth of disaster and confusion. The architect responsible for this needs to be tarred and feathered for his atrocious design. The hotel rooms are divided into three wings, all of which, apparently, have the same room numbers. It's impossible to know where you are going unless you are specifically told which wing you are in. This makes visiting a problem since the workers don't even know where the hell everything is. Upon my arrival, I spent over an hour being directed and redirected to every nook and crevice at Circus Circus before finally reaching my destination. I spoke with four different attendants and two security guards, all of whom led me around the hotel with bad directions and no semblance of a clue of their own location. One of the hotel wings also had FOUR out of six malfunctioning elevators, which turned the little lobby area into a makeshift russian roulette of terror straight out of a low budget horror film. One poor sap waiting almost thirty minutes to get on because the remaining two elevators only went down instead of up, and the elevator occupants were particularly asshole-ish that day. Hilariously, there was one guy riding around in a mechanized wheelchair with a very drunk and sloppy girl wrapped around him ricocheting between elevator doors. I very much wanted to put my fist into his face. Very much. So there you have it. A confusing layout, extremely asinine and incompetent staff, and trashy patrons. I'll take my chances with the zombies outside.
1	I usually like to give compliments to show a hard working person or company some love, but after my experience at this wild house, I had to confirm the negative reviews. After straightening out my messed up reservation, I proceeded to my room that I was told overlooked the pool, and after taking a look out the window, my "pool" view overlooked the parking garage. The advertised flat screen was on old television, the hot water was down the first night, no fridge or coffee makers and water cost $3-5. Just go outside the hotel get your water for way cheaper. Everything reeks of smoke; the hallways, the elevators, every corner of the casino! I got aa free and unwanted audio session of the couple next to me have a morning quicky at 8:45 a.m. (moans , groans, skin slapping, etc) and had to crank up ESPN loud in order to get rid of the noise. No shuttles, so if you aren't driving , prepare to spend or bring your running shoes.The people selling stuff on your way to the room get annoying quick and you can tell this hotel only cares about bottom dollar. The employees at the deli and Rock & Ritas are pretty cool but overall the Place is a dump!Stay away from this place!
4	I used to love this place when I was a kid. Which kid didn't? It's a great place to stay if you aren't planning on staying in the hotel most of the time. The rates of the rooms are pretty affordable, and it's kid friendly which is plus. There isn't really much to say, I would give it 3 stars because some of the services are outta wack here but I can't defy my childhood memories!
3	Stayed here for 2 days in the west tower. The room had been remodeled and was clean. We brought our toddler and took him to the adventuredome, which was fun. Not too expensive. The casino is old and smoky. Not classy and shiny like the other, newer ones we visited. We will stay somewhere else next time, for variety's sake, not because this place was terrible. Also, it's about a mile from the other hotels. Get ready for a trek.
3	I just stayed here and its a good place. If you have kids thay will have. The money goes more here the In other casinos. Cheap place to eat, sleep, & play.
1	never staying here ever!!  staff is rude, rooms are really old and they stink
3	I have never stayed at Circus Circus, though I did take my kid here for the circus acts and to the Adventuredome.- On the day we went, we got to see the Circus clown and the trapeze artists. They have shows periodically, starting at 11 am. Seating is limited, but there is place to stand on the sidelines.- Adventuredome has a number of rides for kids. Don't miss the 4D Dora Diego show. Recommended for young kids.- Play area for kids with rides. Come equipped with a bag of quarters for this one. All in all, a decent experience. If planned well, a trip to Circus Circus can be a fun one for kids.
3	We decided to stay here since we were having a family vacation and it had the Adventuredome. We checked in at 3:30pm and the line was sooo long it took us about 20 minutes before we got our keys. I called the express check in line at 3pm and was told we wont be able to get the keys until after 4pm since you have to call an hour ahead. Wish they told me that when i made the reservations! After being on the road for 8 hours, the last thing I wanted to do was wait in line to check in. Anyway, we stayed at the West Tower rooms and it was nice; flat screen TV, built-in safe, pillows were fluffy and the granite tabletops made it look classy. The bathrooms were clean and spacious. We got 2 connecting rooms, and the only upset was that the other room smelled like bleach when we first walked in and the carpet  was damp. After a few hours, the smell went away and the carpet dried up, so not much of a complain there. Overall, the room was above my expectations for $37/night. The Adventuredome was pretty cool too. I recommend getting the all day wristband because each ride costs anywhere from $5-$8. Piece of advise, DO NOT GO TO THE BUFFET. IT SUCKS.
2	Kinda dirty, dingy, not great gambling, not great food, a place for kids, but I didn't see the appeal.  They have lots of games and kid-related stuff, but I didn't love Circus Circus.  Plus, the walk from the monorail to here was a half mile in the heat of nothingness.  Forgettable.
2	Was looking for something cheap to spend one more night in vegas. 30$ for 1 night. Cannot beat that. My room was better that expected, mostly clean. I was in room 2508 in building C of a section called the circus manor. Feels a little bit like a concentration camp. Biggest negative point: you are at the far end of the strip and have to take a bus or walk 30 minutes to get to the center of the strip.
2	The only reason this place got any stars out of me was because of the Adventure Dome. As far as entertainment for kids, it was fantastic and worth the money. I would not recommend eating or sleeping here. Their restaurants in their food court served bland food, not worth the money you pay for. We even tried eating at the McDonalds upstairs, because I thought I knew what to expect. The service was horrible! As far as sleeping there, they messed up our room reservation and gave us one king instead of two queens. We were tired from our six hour drive, so we opted to have a rollaway bed brought up instead of going downstairs to switch rooms. Bad idea, my daughter ended up getting lice! We know it was the rollaway bc my husband, two little boys and I slept on the king bed and we didn't get lice. We asked twice for our room to get cleaned and it never did. When I called for extra towels they took over an hour to bring them up. Our relaxing family trip to Vegas was ruined and our entire family was so relieved to go home.
4	I've slept in this hotel 3 times.  My first time as a child.  I had great memories of coming here with my family, watching the free shows, playing at the midway, at riding the rides at the adventuredome. The second time, I decided to stay here again when I was the legal gambling age and drinking age.  I barely slept  in our room.  I managed to stay awake with minimal naps, redbull, candy, Krispy Kreme and coffee.  We stayed above the casino and the room was remodeled.  The beds were comfy.  We had a nice view of the strip.  Great pressure in the shower and the hot water maintained.  I don't smoke, neither my husband, so when we were in the casino the ventilation wasn't that good.  But they didn't pass the law in Hawaii yet (no smoking in restaurant, indoors, smoking has to be 20 ft. from any building etc.) so it was bearable.  For my most recent stay, I traveled with my family and my parents. We stayed here for six days. My oldest child is 8 and my youngest is 17 months.  We stayed in the manor lodge.  It's the farthest away from the casino, about half a block.  There is an indoor bridge that helps you get there in a few minutes.   Parking is located in front or in back of the building. There is no smoking allowed in the manor lodge that we stayed at.  The room was a decent size.  We got two queen size beds, which were nice and comfy. There is NO refrigerator, but a cooler instead.  There is No microwave.  We were on the ground floor and it was pretty quite through our whole stay.  The wall paper was peeling a bit, but that didn't bother my family.  We had a bathtub, good shower pressure, and it stayed hot through out my shower.  However, when I turned it up to a certain degree you could hear the pipes banging each other.  This also happened to the other room near us.  But I could only hear it when I was in the bathroom.  The room had a decent flat screen  tv that showed about 20 channels.  Two of it had children shows.  It had a safe but you had to pay to use it each time.  The housekeeper came around at 9:30 am.  I didn't realize on my last two stays but they have 2 outdoor pools.  Its underneath the bridge and closest to manor lodge.  Everyday it was filled with families.  We didn't use it because the heat was just to unbearable for me.  My oldest son asked a few times, but I offered to go to the midway instead.The Casino:  The ventilation has improved, but at certain times you can smell the smoke. Servers would come periodically any time of the day and offered drinks.  Security is pretty on it in ensuring your kids are just passing through and not watching you gamble.  Midway:Circus Circus has the world's largest permanent indoor Circus.  There's a good assorment of games that you would find at the carnival.  About 200 according to our hotel pamphlet.  They also have a good amount of arcade games.  There are a few games where your child will win no matter what, as long as there under 12.  Thre are also FREE cirucus acts almost every hour.  We watched about 5 acts and there were all worth your time. C'mon, it's FREE.  At Midway they have a McDonald's in the area and a spinning carousel type of snack area that sells hot dogs, gelato and other carnival type of snacks.   The Adventuresome Theme Park:  If you have kids 12 and under make sure to stop at the Adventure Dome.  Check out my review for this place:http://www.yelp.com/biz/adventuredome-theme-park-las-vegas-3#hrid:F3kRusbgHZLXHz3KDUO5tgI know I go against the grain of the other Yelp reviews.  You get what you pay for and for the price.  I believe it met my expectations.
1	One of the cheapest hotels on the strip... I can see why.Me, my boyfriend, and 2 brothers stayed in the Manor. We got to Vegas early and decided to book a different reservation. Our first room was not bad. But then we got into our second room... the cigarette smoke was STRONG! It smelled like someone just smoked in the room. I found 2 clean ashtrays in the room... even though the room is suppose to be nonsmoking. Every time we would come back to our room... it reeked. Now that I am home... some of my clothes still smell like the room. Ugh! Even the casinos smelled better.
2	I've had better accommodations as a soldier in the field compared to my stay here at circus circus
2	I stayed here when I went to EDC in 2011 and promised myself I would never come back. However, a friend of mine had reserved a room for the weekend and couldn't go so she let me stay in her room for free.The first time I stayed here, the room smelled literally like s***. We called the front desk and they sent a maid to spray some air freshener around the whole room which didn't work. It was horrible! The bedding was ugly and the room was dark and dreary. The same with the second time. There was a odd smell and parking was weird. Just spend a little more and stay at a better hotel.
3	Not bad. Not bad. I stayed here the past weekend with a group of friends for $89/night.  The room is pretty similar to a motel room but it was pretty clean and decently spacious. The staff is friendly and the housekeeping has quick service. We stayed in the manor buildings which are just across the street from the main hotel and casino.  We didn't really mind since the rooms are cheaper and it's just a 2 minute walk.  Also, there is a separate pool just for all the manor buildings too.  I enjoyed staying at the manor rooms because it seemed a lot less crowded even though I know all the rooms are booked as well. Make sure you make use of you coupon book!  There's lot's of good coupons like free rides at the Adventure dome and free drinks at the bar! And free wi-fi!  :)
1	I will literally be to the point as I'm using qwerty right now, no keyboard.1.  Walls are thin2. I can hear my neighbor fart, have sex, and listen to their ENTIRE personal conversation without yelling. Disgusting3. TV next door are loud and magnified. You will not sleep. Trust me.4,  too too many children5, again, too too many children6.  Too "ghetto" and trashy place. Never again. I was afraid for my life! 7.  All rooms are smoky smelly! 8.  Staff socialize too much ignoring customers.9,  old CRT tv10.  Def ancient feel to this whole establishment11.  Trust me on this please, YOU WILL NOT sleep! Oh yeah12. Parking is very weird!13. No fridge just a cooler box that never gets colder than 60F. What the heck?14. SLOW Internet that crawls! Seriously15. They charge $7 convenience fee a day for their SLOW dial up speed Internet, pool usage that's overcrowded (I never used it - full of children).Checkout is a very slow process by the way ...... ONE person to check you out while the line piles up. Good luck if your flight scheduled early!
2	The only reason my friends and I stayed here was because it was cheap and they were having a promotion for a particular weekend I decided to fly out here.The place is outdated, musty and in need of a facelift. The hotel has two towers and has full casinos downstairs, restaurants, mini marts, bars and the midway where you can watch free circus acts and play games.The room we got had two queen beds with a bathroom. It was small, smelled musty and the walls were so thin. You could hear the family in the next room. They didn't have a fridge and the given toiletries were minimal. The only good thing about the room was probably the beds and the thick curtains to keep the sun out. During the night/mornings there would be weird noises, every time someone would flush their toilet or shower you could hear the pipes making loud noises in the wall. I didn't get much sleep because of the darn room!I enjoyed the mini bar downstairs in the lobby where you can buy yard drinks, definitely get a strong Strawberry Daiquiri! Keep the cup to refill, saves you about ten bucks. The Westside Deli and the Pizzeria is pretty good to fill up your tummy as well. Hit up the Blackjack tables, my friends got pretty hot tables here.This place is cheap, but inconveniently located off the strip. So this is idea for families or those not really here to fully indulge in sin city. Paid about $570 for 3 nights here.
2	Truly the only good thing about this place is that they have a wonderful steakhouse (i.e. THE Steakhouse), oh and our room did have a nice view of the surrounding mountains (we were high enough up to ignore the seedy area around the hotel). Speaking of seedy, the entire place (inside and out) has a dirty/seedy vibe and every time I left the hotel room (which was often because of the horrible stench in the room), I felt vaguely unsafe, like I was walking through a rough inner city neighborhood.The staff were pretty helpful, however most of them seemed really unhappy to be there (I don't blame them at all).My advice is to pay a little more to stay at a nicer place up the strip (and I strongly advise against bringing your kids here!).
1	I had never been to Circus Circus before because everyone is all, "It's sad and terrible and far away."  However, FREE acrobatic acts?  Carouseling bars and slot machines?  A Midway?  I'm trying it out!We got the monorail day pass and got off on the "Sahara" stop like the monorail tells you to.  WRONG DECISION.   It is a terrible, lonely, non-shaded, long walk to the Circus Circus.  PLUS, the stop at LVH turns out to be much closer (like, half the walk plus no scary uninhabited casino to walk through).  So you'd think that since we saw the entrance of the casino as if seeing water for the first time in a vast, dry desert, we'd be happy with WHATEVER was there.  Nope!  It's really sad.  Like, really sad.  The midway is full of crying kids and closed games and several "Star Darts," which is a game where you try to hit post-it notes with stars on them, stapled to a bulletin board.  It's kind of like one of those really sad church harvest festivals.The acrobatic act we saw was actually pretty cool.  The acrobats were quite talented.  However, it was not worth it to travel that far.The Adventure Dome was crazy boring and crowded, and we didn't feel like paying theme park prices for a couple rides.The whole casino was kind of gross allover, so we didn't feel like eating.We ended up staying for a very short time.Overall: it's sad and terrible and far away.
3	I have stayed at Circus Circus several times over the years. It is a decent hotel with the basic amenities, in a slightly more kid friendly environment than the other hotels. The pool is not the scene that it can be at times with the other hotels though.I would suggest using priceline.com or hotels.com etc to get a hotel, I have done that and ended up here for all but one of my Circus Circus stays. It is an older hotel with a different ambience than many of the other casinos. There is a shuttle that will take you from one end of the strip to the other cheaply that leaves from here multiple times a day as well as cabs cruising up and down the strip. If you like to get in a workout, its a nice walk to work out those sore muscles after a car or plane ride to some of the other hotels.The pool is bare bones basic. The casino is reasonable but nothing that I play too much at. The midway shows are fun for all and no other hotel has the free circus/midway acts that they do here. They also have the kid allowed gaming area which is a fun place even for adults to enjoy.Definitely an acceptable place to stay when you get a deal on a room of $50 or less a night (usually on the weekends too).
1	Beware of vaccuming going on in the room next door at 2 in the morning.  Then to top it off the desk manager, Evan Rose - asked us "what the problem with that was?"  Oh come on - it woke us up!  Why would you treat a guest like that?Loud, dirty, unfriendly staff.So sad because this kitschy hotel chain could really be something fun if they would get out of their own way.
4	I'm always surprised this place is still in business. We had some family in town and they stayed here at the KOA. I LOVE how easy this casino is to get to from the freeway. The parking garages are a little confusing.
1	I'm sorry, Circus Circus, but after 4 days of lodging, I think it's time for a divorce.LAYOUT: horrible. Who puts the hotel lobby in the back of the building when the main entrance is on the Strip? So basically, you must walk the entire length of the main floor to even get checked in (God forbid you have a lot of luggage). There are no direct elevators to the rooms, so have your walking shoes ready. If you're staying in Manor or Skyrise Tower, you have to get off at the Promenade level and then take another elevator to your room (and the wait is horrible). In general, give yourself 20 minutes early to get down to the lobby if you're meeting someone.AMBIANCE: this hotel appears severely outdated, sad and depressing. It hasn't been updated since disco was still in vogue. The main floor is a labyrinth of gambling tables and slots, in addition to various sleazy merchants selling sundries and other garbage that nobody wants or needs. The rooms in the Skyrise Tower have been updated, but I still saw peeling wallpaper and there were no coffee machines, fridges or microwaves. So basically, they make you uncomfortable if you want outside food. If you want cold drinks, get ice from the machine in the hallway, fill up the bucket and put your drink on that. Don't bring any food that's quickly perishable because you have nothing to keep it cold with or heat it up anyway!This is a great kid-friendly hotel, but I don't want to be around kids when I come to Vegas. The staff looks like they want to be anywhere BUT there, and I would, too, if I had to wear an outdated purple jacket as my uniform. Unless this hotel does some MAJOR renovating all over and changes the layout, I don't see them staying in business for the next 20 years. Cheap and basic are no longer good enough for Las Vegas hotels.
1	Stay somewhere else if you can. The problems with the room included,1. An ant plague in the bathroom around the sink,2. a previous occupant had ripped the door of the fridge and it looked like it had been that way for a long time,3. door keys that didn't work,4. a tap in the bathroom that you couldn't turn off and ran day and night,5. Homeless person begging food off our plates in the restaurant while we were eating. I have compassion for homeless people but I like to eat in peace.6. Water pouring from the roof in the corridor outside. They cut a hole in the roof to fix the leaking plumbing but left it unfinished for a week.7. Buffet had limited choice of cold, overcooked and unhealthy food.Hotel was full of unhealthy overweight people, walking heart attacks.8. No thought about their internal sign system. Impossible to find anything using the signs.9. Some rude, nasty and lazy staff.10. A 45 minute wait to check in.  We needed to do this three times due to Expedia being uncontactable. Expedia have not published my review like probably many others from ripped-off guests for this hotel.11. The hotel faces two huge bankrupted boarded up casinos, blighting the landscape, The Fontainbleu? project, a 2.5 billion dollar project now rusting and abandoned and the Sahara Casino. It looks like downtown Detroit rather than a holiday destination.12. Slow wi-fi that continually dropped out. Only works for email.13. Dangerous parking garage. Poor thought about pedestrian flow for a kid oriented hotel. Something that they should fix before there is a fatality14. Poor sound dampening in the rooms. You don't want your kid hearing what you can hear.15. The whole place needs a massive refurbishment16. Unhappy desperate staff.There were lots of problems with this hotel and I can't see them staying in business. The management need to be replaced. We left early but lost our payment for the room due to what appeared to be dishonest behavior by Expedia. We called them several times to cancel our booking within the required time frame but they didn't answer the phone. I guess cancellations must happen often with this hotel and they thought they could make some money from me.Consequently I wasted a lot of time waiting on the phone and a lot of money on a hotel room that was not used. Expedia are exposing themselves to a class action related to their methods of doing business. Expedia need to replace their CEO with someone who understands how to retain customers. Someone who is not a short-term quick buck thinker. My advice is never to book through Expedia.One of the front desk staff said to me that he receives daily ongoing complaints about Expedia and another said that he would like to see Expedia closed down so I am not alone.Expedia have lost my business and others from the 250,000 business people in a social network that I established and manage who just heard about my problems with Expedia.
1	OMG this please is not even worth it The room smelled like smoke so bad and just think we paid in advance for 5 day's and i was pissed then once we checked in they informed us we had to pay a another fee of $10 a day surcharge I was so done with this hotel and was ready to check out as soon as i saw the room Do Not go in the pool it was so dirty you could see it from the side walk   GOOD LUCK
1	Bedbugs, urinated carpet smell, shady looking people, and probably drug dealers and prostitutes. If this is what you like you've come to the right place. Enjoy!
1	Circus circus is an accurate description of the type of people you will see here. It might have been nice 20 years ago but its a dump compared to any other hotel on the strip. There is plenty of things for kids to do and the steakhouse is superb. But if your net worth is over $5000 I wouldn't stay here.
3	Ehhhh idk why ppl complain about this hotel. Duhhh its so cheap!!! What do u expect??? I booked a room here on the skyrise tower or whatever idk its near the adventure area where their rides for kids. It was decent i didnt expect it to be mgm style or whatever. Got the room for 50$ so ya Anyways this place didnt let u check in until 2 pm or so but we got here at 8am and they asked us to pay $20 to check in at 9am then we agreed but there wasnt any room.  So they waive the fee and got us a room at 11am.This hotel is great for kids, usually i stay at mgm or treasure island, or planet hollywood however i took my bro so it was good for him. & this is where i stays when i was a kid myself! ^^And for some reason they force me to buy a coupon book for $10 !!! R u serious? Arent coupon free? Lol they say bc it was required to buy so whatever
1	I am sitting in my Circus Circus room, afraid to sit on anything. I was eager to take a nap after a long flight and the bedding on both beds in my room is nasty, dirty and encrusted in food and I don't even want to think what else. I checked under the sheets, big mistake, more gross yellow stains. I am so grossed out.The hotel is overrun with a million kids, it's loud, completely overwhelming, outdated, designed by a guy who got his architecture degree from the back of a magazine and hucksters peddling things approached me twice on my way to the elevators. The rooms are bare-bones, no coffee maker, fridge or any amenities you'd find at even the cheapest Holiday Inn.I will never stay here again and might be leaving tonight. Disgusting.
1	Horrible! What a dump, wen there just for our kids and checked out thee next day! Was put into a dirty room with laundry bags, had to be moved and therefore cause us to miss the only real dinner for the night, the arcade is run down, none of the machines work and the ones that do u have to wait for attendants to pay u out
4	Come here, if, and only if, you are with kids. It is the perfect place for kids. It has a kids casino, amusement park, and circus shows. Otherwise, stay away. It is far away from the strip: you will either be paying a ton for taxi or fainting every 2min walking in the Vegas heat. There also is not much to do in the hotel for anyone over 13.
2	Depressing.
3	I remember the second time I came here with my parents when my brother and I were still kids. This was the best casino for us, kids who were underage to hang out. They are very strict with underage kids, who cannot pass a certain area and line. Securities here watches you like a hawk watches their prey. Just becareful and not to leave your kids unattended. Second floor, there are games and kids shows. The type of games they have are carnival games and arcade games. There should be a food place up stairs but not so good,but good enough for your kids to snack when they are hungry.hotel- cheap hotel, even cheaper on the weekdays.Comfortiness- Not very comfy.Close ness to the strip - not very close, not very sure if there is shuttle but a bit far to drive onto the stripGambling-cheap games. At least cheaper than most of the casinos on the strip.
4	We did not stay at the hotel but we came over for the cheap buffet and the Midway with circus acts. The Midway was a lot of fun! The kids had a blast playing some games and the prices aren't bad. We won a few stuffed animals and had a good time. I enjoyed watching the circus performers! ZUMA ZUMA, who we loved on America's Got Talent, were absolutely amazing at Circus Circus! They were lively, fresh, and very talented. LOVE these guys! The clown was pretty good for the children. They seemed to like him. Thanks for the afternoon of fun! We may come back again! Only drawback I saw was for the people checking in. It looked like a war zone! There were LOTS of people in line. Of course..it was just yesterday which was a Friday. That could explain why :-). I am glad I didn't have to wait in that line.
3	I had always heard of this place as a dump so I was a bit weary on staying here. But, we came on a family trip and this was the family (kids) place. Stayed in the skytower room and the check in desk was kind enough to set us up in a room near the elevator since my mom had problems with her knee. Pleasantly surprised by the room. It was clean and semi-updated. Towels were new since they were still leaving the linty stuff behind. Great view of the pool that we never got to use. The midway and adventuredome is where we spent most of our time. Got good use of our coupon book and my son had the best weekend ever! This place is overly crowded with families, kids and a few strange ones out there. Its a popular place for large groups on convention, competitions and school trips. Because this place is loaded with kids and teenagers...expect the debauchery of kids being kids running around all hours of the night and being loud and obnoxious. Didnt bother me none...these are kids enjoying time away from home! Beware of the typical check in and check out times as it is nearly impossible to get an elevator. Bell Desk was great and helped my mom out with a motorized scooter to get around more comfortably. Dont expect this place to be up to par with the nicer or average casino hotels on the rest of the strip.And it is kind of a distance to walk towards the center of the strip as the casinos on this end of the strip are a bit more spaced out. So, wanna visit vegas on the cheap and with kids? This is a good place. Don't be a cheapo with the valet or bellhop. The service comes in handy. The bellman was nice enough to take all our bags to our car in the skyrise parking tower and loaded them all in for us. Oh and they offer free wifi...but i was never really able to get good use out of it and my reception wasn't that great in the casino. And if you dont want to be woken up by housekeeping early in the morning, place your do not disturb sign on the door before bed. They woke us up both mornings pretty early to clean our rooms.
1	My husband and I took the kids to Circus Circus for a little getaway... I was very disappointed.  First of all the pool area is surrounded by the parking lot so while you're swimming you will see cars going by, buses, campers etc.  The cleanliness of the room, I would say was below average. The elevators are extremely small and it was an extremely busy weekend so the wait time was very long.  Circus Circus has the air conditioner off in the hallways and no ventilation in the elevators.  The carpet in the hotel  had an unpleasant smell.  I know this hotel has been around for ages but it's time for it to be demolished!!!  And being right next door to the Camp site and Travelodge made matters worst....all the undesirables were right there!  They couldn't give me a room for free to stay here again!!!!
1	If I were a half drunk college student on a severely limited budget I might consider roughing Vegas Circus Circus style.  However, I am not.  And since I don't have a mullet or a Nascar tattoo then I can see no reason to spend more than 10 minutes in this place.  There is a smell upon entering the hotel that is more like the smell of a Chicago bus terminal.  There is a decent flair style bar somewhere in the maze that is the casino floor.  Honestly, other than history that little bar might be the only redeeming factor here.
2	Room are better than the used to be.  The staff is ok.   But the main hotel is a little dirty and the pool is so so.  I would not recommend going for the pool.  Nothing to get excited about.   But the price is right for what you get.
1	This place is Awful! In town this week for a basketball tourney. Somebody broke into the room from the a joining room & when they came back it smelled like somebody smoked a pack of cigarets! Thursday night while the boys slept somebody came into the room while they slept & stole my sons money! Coach called front desk & security & nothing was done. Same thing happened last year! Never stay here! Pay a little more money & stay somewhere else! They deserve no stars!
4	There are 2 play areas:  One within the hotel itself and one in the pink dome.  The dome has rides that can range from a single ride $5-8.  Or you can get a day pass Jr under 48 inches $16 and Regular over 48 inches $26.  There are also carnival games that are about $1-$2.  Inside the hotel game area has arcade games, carnival games, and a circus show.  I love their set up for the circus show, they have bleachers set up for audience and no matter where you are you can see the show, even if you are downstairs gambling.
1	We did not stay here-- because, well, we had heard not to stay here. We went over because of the history and the fact that we wanted to have a drink at the famous Carousel Bar ala Fear and Loathing. Nope. It's a frickin' gelato stand. Everything there is nothing short of depressing. I mean really, really depressing. That said, I got a Circus Circus keychain as I figure this place will be demolished within a short time and I wanted to keep a little piece of history (as I think that it used to be cool before it was overrun with rednecks, small children running around by themselves, old people that look like they are going to have a heart attack in the next five minutes, and people who look like they want to kick your ass just for being in their personal space).
5	I love. It. Best. Of. One. Circus Circus
1	The hotel itself looked quite interesting from the outside, but didnt live up to our expectations at all. We had the misconception that all hotels on the strip had a certain standard to maintain and that any hotel on the strip would be better than the average best  western or American best value inn. Well, Circus circus proves that it doesnt.Its quite hard to pinpoint exactly what it is but the lobby, the casino, the shopping area all just felt real shabby and dirty. The bathroom was really disgusting with mole-dew? (or at least it looked liked it) along the floor line. We strongly considered checking out and go looking for another hotel, but instead we went out to the streets and spend the night at the strip.I wouldnt recommend this hotel for anyone. OK, its cheaper than average on the strip, but come on! Spend a few more dollars and youll get a way better experience than living on circus circus. Im sorry to say it but we have nothing good whatsoever to say about circus circus.It literally stinks!Unique Quality: There is an indoor theme-park at the site.
2	Unfortunately, this hotel really shows its age. The big positive is the kids area with the rides and other attractions. Another positive is the Circus Circus dog although I've heard it's more expensive now than it used to be. I wouldn't recommend staying here, but you should at least stop by if you have kids or if you want a good hot dog.
1	From the Movie Forest Gump I conclude the following along with al the other crappy and negative feedback written about Circus Circus......."RUN FORREST RUN"After trying to get someone on the phone that actually knew around the hotel and was polite was our first challenge.   I finally got someone who raved how ALL THE ROOMS HAD BEEN UPGRADED AND REFRESHING INCLUDING CARPET......WHAT A BIG FAT STINKING (like the room smelled) LIE  !!!!    Welcome to Malborough Country !!!  NastyThere is nothing more annoying than travelling many many hours and just wanting to check into a clean fresh room and relax for a few......not happening here.   We checked in to a room that had an extra pull out bed right in front of the door with no access to the actual room.....So I moved it and we noticed crumbs, glitter, confetti underneath it....way to go Maid Service.  No big deal but the leaking cielings with moldy water stains, dirty bathroom mirrors....Hmmmm ok I guess...... BUT THE URINE STAINS ON THE TOILET SEAT WAS DIRTY, SMELLY and  DISGUSTING.    We were moved to a new room and floor (one I was told was not available at check in about 45 minutees prior)  which now all of a sudden was available.  This room was a bit better becaue there was no pee stains and less of a smoking smell.On a scale of 1 to 10, The rest of the trip was a   Minus  -3  in which I am not even going to write about beacuse the dont give a rats furry behind anyway.   Never Ever Again !!!  Yes its kids land because of the rides....My favorite one was while we were walking along the carnival like games....It was the asian ladies (several of them)  that were bored while working becaus there was no customers and they were sitting on the actual front of the midway games while they were texting away or working hard........which one is it?
1	After having wait 45 minutes to check in I finally made it to my room. It was like one of those old run down hotels out in the middle of nowhere! Ice maker was broke, bed was hard and very uncomfortable, buffet was HORRIBLE! I wouldn't stay here again if it was free!
2	The place is dirty due to the lazy staff.  There were graham crackers scattered all around the bed.  The place seemed like it was just half ass cleaned.  The clock didn't work, every tv channel was snowy, remote control did not work, and the AC kept shutting off.    All this happened in the sky rise area.  All the house keepers that worked the 28th floors in the sky rise August 13-14 should be fired.    Other than that the casino was nice, plenty of slots and entertainment.  The pool area wasn't bad.  Definitely a lot of kids since its circus circus.  And that means The ool was dirty. Notice that I kept the P out of pool, however I don't think that was the case in that pool.
4	Who could complain to the price of $30 a night in West Tower with the pretty view of Las Vegas. I reserved the room with one Queen bed in Skyrise Tower; but they upgraded for me to a room Kingbed, almost top floor in West Tower. My room is right in the end of the  hallway which I am glad because it is more quiet. I am not sure if Skyrise Tower rooms are better; however, I love the room i got. Sure there are some minor issues such as worn out carpet, or peeled wallpaper in the bathroom, but It is really no big deal for me since I am not spending my time in the room much. Again with $30/night  which even cheaper than a motel, I cant find any reasons to complain. From here, you can take the elevator down to level 2 to reach fitness center and adventure dome. Like many other hotels, there is a safe in the room to store your valuable, it is free to use.Staff :Only 1 out of many staff that I interact with wasn't friendly, she was very professional however. She must be tired with the late night shift. Again nobody likes to deal with crazy, rude customers, so be nice with them and you ll get what you want. Well the reason i gave it four stars is because except the manor rooms, there is no fridge . After struggling with 110 degree and hot dessert heat, i'd love to have a cold drink when going back to the room. There is a vending machine but they charge $3 for a bottle of water, forget that. So make sure you get a case of water along with the cooler before coming here. You can can get ice from the ice machine to fill the cooler. If you come here during summer trust me, you will need it. Another reason for four stars is because of the slot machines, may be it just me, but I don't like to play with the slot machines here. They have a low percentage payout. I never won once in here. My luck at Paris Hotel is better since I won $80 for $5 I put in the slot machine.I didn't have a chance to try to buffet here because 24hr buffet deal is better.  Overall, my stay at Circus Circus was very pleasant and happy, I felt like a kid again.
4	Just got back from Las Vegas, and yes, we stayed at Circus Circus.  I was quite scared after reading all the reviews about this place.First of all, we did not have to walk through the casino to get to the registration desk.  We entered through the back where most people were being dropped off by a taxi or parked their car rentals.  So, if your taxi dropped you off at the front, it must be a taxi driver that doesn't know the hotel!!!!We had to wait maybe ten minutes to register and we did get a guy that was not friendly at all!  His name was Richard - he looked fairly young, so may have been new.  BUT still no smile, no welcome to the hotel, nothing!!!  If you don't like what you are doing, leave!  Don't make people feel so unwelcome to the hotel!!!When we got to our room on the 22nd floor, the door was WIDE open.  I didn't feel comfortable staying in it so we went back down to change rooms.  They gave us a room on the 35th floor!  Gorgeous view of the mountains!  The rooms were clean.  Even the carpet seemed fine as some people did say that it didn't look very clean but ours was.  The beds were comfortable, the linens were clean and the bathroom was clean.  And like other reviewers said, the wall paper was peeling from the walls but not too bad.  That was probably the only complaint.  We opted not to have our roomed clean the whole time we stayed there so don't know what housekeeping is like.  There were tons of places to eat.  At at the Westpoint Deli and was very good.  Rock n Rita's was ok . . . very slow with breakfast but expected it from other reviews.  My cousin picked up a dozen donuts from Krispy Kreme and we left them sitting in the hot van when we were at Hoover Dam.  After we got back, we looked in the box expecting a big pool of sugar but nope, nothing melted!!!!!!!!  Kinda gross!!!!!It was a very busy hotel.  Our room was great, quiet and spacious for the three of us.  Even the elevator wait wasn't too bad.  We didn't have to deal with many of the staff but the ones that we did, they were nice.  The kids went to the pool once.  But it closed at 8PM!!  I don't know why it was so early but the kids seemed to have had fun.Parking was a nightmare sometimes, but we always found a spot.  If we ever head back to Vegas, I would be happy to stay on this hotel, just make sure it's the West Tower.
2	Okay, so from what I am reading, a lot of other people got sort of "conned" into this hotel and I am no exception. We booked a trip through gate1travel.com and when you are booking they give you the options for hotels. The default booking is for Circus Circus, NOT Circus, Circus Manor Motor Lodge. It says three stars and even says this on gate1's travel site: "The rooms are fitted with contemporary decor and furnishings. All rooms are equipped with amenities that will be sure to make your stay pleasant, such as internet access (surcharge), a hair dryer, and a television with cable channels."We looked up Circus Circus, saw it was nothing special, but alright and went for it...and found out that in fact, we were in the Manor Motor Lodge.Now, I KNOW that this is gate1's fault and I'll be taking it up with them as well. Also, I want to point out that on my second night, I complained and they put us in a suite for the night, so this is nothing against the overall hotel, but there are still a few things people need to know staying here.Rooms: They are DUMPS in the manor motor lodge. I asked, when we were checking in, if those rooms had been redone at all and was told that "all the rooms have been updated in SOME way"...well I don't know what way this room had been updated. The carpets were worn and stained. The bedding was the polyester crap from the 80s. The wallpaper was stained and peeling off the walls. The bathroom floor had cracks in the tile and a permanent grunge that could never been cleaned. It looked like a motel room you see in horror movies!The hallways were constantly loud and smelled of marijuana, with cheap, apple air freshener over top, which was interesting because of the number of small children running around with distinctly trashy families. I even made a joke with a cab driver in Las Vegas, that we were NOT ugly enough to be staying in this hotel. He agreed and said it was the butt of the joke of cabbies on the strip. Good to know.Hotel: The hotel amenities are geared towards children, but are basically a money grab. There is a small, indoor amusement park that costs something like $8/30 second ride. There are shops and restaurants, but non are high end. We ate at three places while there and overall they were crappy. I'll give those individual ratings though.Service: This was very good actually. I had a very pleasant bell hop help us out and all the wait staff and cleaning staff were very nice and the woman whom I complained to was very receptive and polite, so that earns them an extra star.The thing with the hotel is that even these rooms we were stuck in, fall under 3 stars, even though they, by themselves, would barely qualify as 1 star rooms, because the whole hotel falls under one heading.SO, lesson to be learned, these rooms are NOT nice rooms. The hotel is considerably crappier than other hotels. It's also quite far from the main strip. BUT it is cheap. If you are (for whatever God-awful reason) bringing children to Vegas, I guess this would fit the bill. Otherwise, if you're just looking for a bed and a cheap one, this also fits the bill. The beds, I will say, had clean sheets and were comfortable. But don't be fooled into thinking you're getting this amazing deal on a three star hotel. You're not. You're getting an average deal, on 1 star accommodations.
1	Shady and smelly. Avoid.
5	Round and round the various paths leading up and down, across and under, to reveal a plethora of games, the ubiquitous slot-machines, and attractions performed by multi-talented clowns, acrobats, and prestidigitators who contain one surprise after another.At the request of a young cousin, we dined at The Pink Pony. Excellent service, courteous and attentive. Faerie-tale environment. Repaste receives a 4/5.Entertainment recommendation: Circus Acts {4/5}, Adventure Dome {for the Halloween season, this is featuring the "Fright Dome" spook attraction, which is quite amusing; 4/5}, The Midway {evocative carnival games including the ring toss, watergun targets, ball throws, and an animatronic fortune teller; 4/5}.
2	Circus CIrcus is still using the carpet and decor from the 1980's!  BUT, the prices are 2009!!!  The buffet is now $15.99 (go to the RIveria for $16.99)...I'd never go back!  The bars and the other more intimate restaurants are ok, but still...pricey for what they are.
1	This place is the worst! It's run down and just ghetto! It's supposedly kid friendly, but I would never bring my kids to this shit hole! This was our first trip to Vegas so we had no idea this place was so nasty otherwise we would have never stayed here. It's all the way at the end of the strip AND you have to walk 4 blocks off the strip down a dark, smelly alley to get to your room! Yes, the prices are cheap, but if we ever came back to Vegas, we would pay the extra $20 a night and stay somewhere half decent.
3	Located on The Las Vegas Strip, this was one of the first family friendly resorts. It has n amusement park inside!  But most importantly it was used in the James Bond Film Diamonds Are Forever. The interior has changed quite a bit, however if you look carefully you can see where the film was shot. The property itself is a bit rundown, but the room prices reflect that, so you you will get a great deal. It wouldn't be my first pick but check it out for the James Bond connection! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	This place is okay if you are taking children with you. IF YOU DON'T HAVE CHILDREN...DON'T STAY HERE. Lots of kids and families running around. The rooms are reasonable priced and clean. Not sure about the Casino I don't gamble. However, It's pretty big with lots of slot machines.  But no partying or clubbing going on in Circus Circus.
1	This hotel is slimy and toxic, literally. It stinks severely, especially of fresh and old cigarette smoke and mold , the beds are extremely uncomfortable, the worse I've ever slept on.. And watch out, they overcharged my credit card and left me no proof that I overpaid because I never signed anything. What you get from this ultra cheap hotel is exactly what you pay for... and then you get ripped off. Avoid staying here if you  can.
3	It'll do in a pinch if you want an epically cheap room. Circus Circus is serviceable, but its once prime location has been marred by the fact that projects meant to go up near it have been abandoned. Now the place stands alone on the North section of The Strip. Still, walking, taxing, or training to the more bustling mid-Strip won't take too long and the rooms are, once again, dirt cheap. You won't find anything resembling luxury, but why not save money you'd spend on a room for the casino and a nice meal?Speaking of which, Circus Circus has a suprisingly good Steakhouse. Great prices, a large amount of food, and the quality is super high. It might not be as hip as places in newer resorts or have a celebrity chef's name attached to it, but it's a great Steakhouse. Save money on your room and dine like a king at the restaurant.
2	The only reason we stayed here is because of the price. However, after realizing that you have to pay 15 bucks to have a coffee maker,  all of the incidentals that many are used to will add up to a night at one of the nice hotels . Sadly, our room had lipstick kisses on two walls, a mysterious sticky black thing under the bed, an almost backed up sink, and a dirty brown smudge on the wall. However, the bathroom was clean and the beds are okay. If you have a family, this place is awesome because there is always something to do! There is an arcade, an amusement park, lots of food places, and venders selling useless crap that will make your head spin. The slots aren't too shabby either, especially the carousels with penny slots! If you have not stayed here, it's definitely an experience. For me, this is the first and last.
2	Place use to get a 4 out of me when I was little. My folks would take me here on the numbers Vegas jonts they would have. However, over the years the quality, upkeep, and dingyness is just questionable on sight.If you are looking for an extremely cheap stay (this includes the quality) you will find this place to your liking.Gambling here is depressing...
1	This was honestly one of the most disgusting places I have been inside. Old pillow cases were all over the floor, the pillow cases and sheets on the bed were stained, the bed spread is probably as old as the building. Our shower ran all night long the walls had brown stuff smeared all over, half of the power outlets did not work. The hallways smelled of rotten old building. I would absolutely NEVER stay here again. With all their money they need some upgrades I'm hoping I didn't catch anything while I was there. Gross!!!!!
3	Great place for the price.Pretty far from everything else on the Strip but very close to the strip clubs hahaService was decent.
1	Worst hotel in Vegas hands down, Toilet didn't work, nobody came to fix after promised.  If they try to stick u in the "manor" its a dump.  Very seedy area, high possibility u will get mugged.  Paper thin walls , here people screaming bloody murder at 4 am.  This hotel totally killed our Vegas trip.  Super Dump.
1	It's is absolutely depressing to go to this casino.  The entire establishment has a tired, desperate vibe.  The music is just a little too cheery, a little too loud.  The smoke filled floors (is the air filtration system as ancient as the rest of the casino equipment here?) are littered with shrill children running frantically about while their distracted parents are mindlessly playing their own games.I don't like children, and I don't think they mix well with gambling.  Certainly not here at this derelict circus.
1	Wow, is there a negative 12 star? Seriously, the only accurate word to describe this place = Ghetto!My GF booked a room here for her hockey tournament, thinking cheaper is better. This place is a rats nest! Cigarette holes in all the bedding, a putrid vomit tinge in the hallways, and the bathroom? Wow. All the towels were stained, and the shower curtain looks like a Petrie dish mold experiment! A new coat of napalm might help the walls and ceiling in there! If she hadn't paid up front we'd be out of this crap hole. Forgot to mention the drunk, sloth of a woman screaming at her man friend at 4 in the morning. Good times!
1	I finally decided to cash in my comps here tonight and go to Fright Dome; the people at the casino desk informed me that despite being able to use my comps at Adventure Dome and having the cash value of tickets in comps, I couldn't get tickets for Fright Dome. They actually weren't sure at first and said they called to confirm with someone that I couldn't, but couldn't explain why. I'm pretty sure they were just blowing me off and the icing on the cake was when the guy said "don't let it ruin your night" in a way that i felt was condescending. Ruin my night? Buddy, I'm at Circus Circus; let's be realistic about expectations. I don't expect clean bathrooms, I don't expect well kept facilities, in fact, I don't expect anything other than to be treated with the relatively little respect entitled to someone that drops in on often enough occasions to even accumulate comps. Clearly my request for tickets to a haunted house in exchange for the comps I've earned was too bourgeois, so I paid cash for them that I might have gambled with afterwards and went home when I was done.Fright Dome itself was fun though; I don't blame them and felt like it was worth the price of admission (get the extra line pass; it's worth it!). If I'd have gotten my tickets or at least a reasonable explanation instead of a blowoff, Circus Circus would have earned my loyalty. My two cents; go to Fright Dome and gamble someplace else.
1	I wish i could rate this place with less than one star.  I just checked in today and already it is the most horrible stay in a hotel i have ever had and that is no joke.  Here's why:1. Walking in, I didn't even know where to check in. Normally the desk is in front of you, but that was a ticket counter for something else. Turns out the checkin desk was to the left and there were no signs indicating this.2. The line was so long I was standing there for literally 20 minutes just to get up to the counter.3. The directions they gave me to my room were incorrect and I got so lost in this maze they call a hotel.4. Once I finally got to my room 4747 in the sky tower... it was in total disarray. Lamps on the ground, used towels strewn about, no bedding on the mattresses but on the floor instead, leftover food on the desk, oh yeah... and cocaine and razor blades on the night stand. I even had to search the room for the phone which was under the bed and off the hook.5. When I asked for a better room the lady practically scoffed at me and said there weren't any better rooms. I told her I had pictures of the room if she didn't believe me and she said "no need"... then miraculously a new room opened up.  Hmm.  Isn't that something?!  I should have called the police seriously.Totally skeeved out by this place and will NEVER ever come here or recommend it to anyone!
3	This is one of the older hotels still remaining on the strip. It's known as the most kid friendly, but it could do with an upgrade.We took the kid with us this time. She is five so it was fine for her. The rooms appeared to be upgraded. At least the one we were in appeared to be. However, when we got to our room, one the beds was missing a bed spread. Called the front desk and the Housekeeper guy brought us a bed cover, that goes over the bed before you put the sheets on. We told him that wasn't what we asked for. Had a bit of attitude and said that's what the front desk told him. Apparently sounded like he'd been verbally abused by the guests a lot. Anyhow we got it all sorted out and he came about 10 mins later with two new bedspreads, so that they would match.Adventure dome was transformed into Frightdome so they closed early at 6pm so they could prepare for 7pm admissions.Not a bad place to stay, but the staff could be a bit more friendly. I think we'll  opt for Orleans next time.
2	The hotel and the room itself are clean and the staff is friendly. Parking in the old garages is a nightmare, especially if you drive a larger vehicle. Also, if you stay in the Skyrise Tower make sure your room doesn't face the Adventure Dome or you will have a lot of noise until late at night.
2	Not a great hotel.
2	No one here seems to be trained in the hospitality business. Circus games for the kids will burn a hole through ur wallet. Carpets in room hallway looks like it hasn't be cleaned in 10 years. If you can get room rates for $30/night then it's worth it. Otherwise, go elsewhere for better clowns. For a place that is supposed to be geared for parents with kids, this place is a bust. Southpoint does a better job.
5	This review is only for the margaritas that we enjoyed both times we were in vegas.The first time a few years back was before the extensive inside renovation which highly confused us this time.We had remembered walking straight back to a huge bar with 99 cent oversized margaritas.Yes that right, sompaired to other that charge upto $30!Now we wandered through the endless maze of Circus Circus not knowing where we were going, everything was newer, bigger, better!Finally we found a new margarita bar (by the left side of the entrance) and got the super kitchy yard long margaritas on a sling and mixed tropical mango and strawberry lemonade margaita for a yard long drink for two while we explored the strip.Only in Vegas baby, only in Vegas........................
1	I have stayed at over ten hotels in Vegas, ranging from little motels and the Days Inn off the Strip to the fondly departed Stardust, Tropicana, Bally's, Luxor, MGM Grand, Mandalay Bay, and Aria. This was by far the worst. I was greeted by gruesome stained carpets and grungy, smudged wallpaper, plus a vicious chemical stench piped through the ventilation in the hallways. Filthy piles of laundry on the bed when I checked in, many light bulbs burnt out, safe didn't work, no CNN on the TV system, then the TV stopped working. I called for repairs or exchange every day for 3 days, every day they sent a technician out, and still the problems persisted. Was unable to do the express checkout. When I mentioned all of this to a supervisor at the front desk, I got "Oh." Zero customer service. "$150 in promotions" were useless. Ripoff, stroke job "resort fee" (resort? hah!) with tax was $10 a day, this was not apparent on the mobile app. Bad location at wrong end of the Strip in a seedy neighborhood with endless drugged out panhandlers. Long, long walk to the next hotel. Buffet was vomitrocious. Next time: Luxor!
4	ok, so it's not exactly on the main strip and about a 5 minute walk. The front desk is hidden in the basement in the last building, and this place is just huge.I did get an amazing deal through hotels.com and got a very clean and very well appointed rooms for that. So value for money was in favor for me giving this 4*. I I had to pay close to $100.- for a night, it would only have received 3, but still... a pretty great place !
2	We only came here because of the girls....I mean they needed to blow off some steam so we let them run wild to play games, ride roller coasters, and other rides. I would not stay here at this hotel for a night, but that was never our intention anyways!
2	If you're looking for an uber-cheap place to sleep in Vegas, Circus Circus might do it for you.  Our room was surprisingly spacious and updated - clean, comfortable and gobs of room to unpack and hang out.However, that's about the end of anything remotely great that happened here.  The rest of the casino / hotel felt dirty, old and uncomfortable.  We couldn't wait to get out the second we stepped in.  It felt like walking into a bad part of town Walmart, except instead of the elderly greeters you have massively depressed looking employees and clowns everywhere.  Oh mah gah.Also, for some reason I had a hard time figuring out where to check in upon arrival.  Maybe I'm distracted by blinking lights to easily, but the front desk was a bit tucked away and caused a luggage lugging excursion around some very drunk gamblers.  Major bonus points for the Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas flashbacks though.Boy was it a fabulous relief to check out and head over to the Aria (which was perfection) for the remainder of our Vegas stay.  If we ever return to Vegas with our little daughter, we might (might might might) return for a couple of hours to hit up the Adventuredome - but we will stay far away otherwise.
4	Circus Circus was the first place I ever stayed in Vegas.  It's changed somewhat since then, but it's a lot of the same.  There are always a lot of kids around, but what we love about Circus is that it's one of the older places, old school Vegas, and we like that.  A dying breed.  Even though we don't have kids, we still love to visit the Midway, and see the musicians who play for the free circus acts - they are all very good.  I always win a prize too!  A stuff animal!  We've visited the Adventure Dome but it's really loud and cramped....and I don't think I'd go on any of the rides.  In the main casino area, they also do have a Krispy Kreme which is good, we usually stop there.  This is one of the few casinos we still visit on the strip.  The others seem too touristy.
1	This place is dirt cheap, and that's the joke. You get plenty of dirt, cheap. Once you've checked in and they've got your money, you are on your own. No customer service whatsoever, the hotel never answers their phones, whether it's for the highly limited and lacking room service, or information requests. Circus Circus advertises free in-room wifi, but it was so slow it was barely functional.  Every public area looks and smells like a zoo constantly, and the rooms are shabby. Everything looks old and worn out and reeks of cigarette smoke. All carpeted surfaces have a good 3 decades of wear visible, and any non-carpeted surface is sticky from the goo of children. The elevators are constantly breaking down, and the casino is always happy to inconvenience its guests by closing off staircases and corridors (fire hazard?!) when the elevators go AWOL. God help you if you stay in their Skyrise tower, it will take you a minimum of 15 minutes to get from your room to the outside world every time as Circus Circus is a labyrinth.The food is expensive and mediocre at best, and poses a serious health risk at worst. Do not eat at the buffet unless you are on a bulimia-by-botulism diet. Rock & Rita's is alright, but considers ketchup with cayenne pepper mixed in "barbeque" sauce.On the plus side, it has a Krispy Kreme on the premises. Stay here if you have no standards.
4	My husband and I wanted to take our daughter to Circus Circus while she was off for winter break. We had an awesome time!!! My expectations were really low because of all the yelp bad reviews but was amazed. A lot of fun games for kids and adults at the midway and we enjoyed 3 circus type shows for free :) Here are some tips but first... is you like glam and wow DO NOT stay here and DO NOT compare Circus Circus to the other casinos ... each casino is different for a reason. I strongly recommend Circus Circus for families visiting Las Vegas. Keep in mind they do have a resort fee but internet is included, $ 9.95 per night. READ READ before you book any room!! This is stated on their website btw. Tips:1. Before you visit casino/hotel look at the casino/hotel layout and that way you will know where everything is! ( they have a map/layout of casino on their website) or you can just google it.2. STAY AWAY manor building. Its an old motel across the street from the casino..it's a walk! and that's why it's so cheap. Duh!3. We stayed in the main casino tower and our room was remodeled , nice flat screen tv and our room was BIG and CLEAN. This tower was quiet and we never had to wait for an elevator. Also we were closer to the MIDWAY. Stay here :) the west tower in more crowded so if you want fun and want a quiet room stay at the casino tower.
2	This is the cheap hotel and I mean cheap in every aspect. First time I stayed and last time. The smell is nasty. The bed covers I would not sit on. The internet connection is hideous. The shower had long hair in it. The plumbing sucks. The only thing that is good is the size of the room which is decent. It is a truly 2 star hotel.
1	There's a reason this is one of the cheapest hotels on the strip. It's a dump. It's almost always been a dump. It's a dump now. It's probably always going to be a dump. And it's run by people who know it's a dump and treat it that way. Try to valet a car. The valet screams at you to pull up because he doesn't want to have to walk the 10 feet to your car. Try to eat at a restaurant (if you dare.) The food is cheap because it's poor quality and cold. The place is worn out. The service staff is worn out and if you think this is a great place you probably don't get out of your trailer park very often. I'll never go back. I tried it to be fair to see if it was a bad as everyone says it is. And it is.
3	I wanted to be close to the Convention Center (easy walk), and booked a Southwest Air package which included two nights at Circus Circus.  Jaw-dropping low price. After reading all the negative reviews, I was prepared for the worst.  No need!Circus Circus is just fine, particularly given the very low price point for a strip property.  Admittedly, the lobby is a bit of a labyrinth (aren't all the strip hotel lobbies?); the solution seems to be requesting a room in the "West Tower," as those elevators immediately adjoin the hotel check-in area.  My large-sized clean room on the 20th floor had two comfy queen beds, and a nice LG flat screen.  Wifi ("included" with $8.95/day resort fee) was serviceable.   No toiletries to speak of, so keep the expectations low there, but the towels were fluffy and plentiful.  Maybe other "Towers" are tired, but not so for the West Tower.  I didn't eat at the hotel (except for Krispy Kreme pick-up), and the circus "midway" is actually pretty fun.  You know what?  I'll stay here again.
2	Good place to bring kids to the Adventure Dome and to buy discount concert and show tickets, as far as staying in the hotel though... I think not. It's an older hotel but has not been maintained properly. Also, it's at the end of the strip and there are no trams that they offer to take you to the center of the strip. It always smells like smoke inside and you feel like you walking into a bad part of town. Will never try to stay at this hotel even if it cheaper than all the others on the Strip.
3	First it was quite hard to find my hotel room: this is a real labyrinth. But I guess this is more or less the same for all Las Vegas hotels.What was a real pain is that Wifi never worked properly. I know it was during CES show, so, many many people trying to us it, but then, common, don't put a stupid paper in the room saying "you get free ultra fast internet". It was sometimes super slow, and sometimes not working at all.It is a bit far (by foot) from the main hotels and attractions of the Strip, but the hotel by itself it ok, free (crappy) wifi, free garage.  Deli's had a not bad "sunwich" breakfast.OK, that's one of the less expensive decent hotels so 3 stars looks fair.
2	I recently concluded a visit to Las Vegas. Initially, we were to be staying in this hotel. Quite frankly, I'm glad we didn't. The hotel looks old and dirty. The only part of the hotel that I found tolerable to look at was the lobby. This comes at no surprise since in order to check the hotel, one must enter the lobby and that's your first impression of the ENTIRE building. Nice way to trick people. Trying to kill some time around the area, we decided to play some games in the arcade. If you're wheelchair bound, it'll be very easy to get lost and you'll probably feel it's impossible to enjoy the "fun" located above the casino. I would consider mapping out your trip of the place before you enter to prevent further frustration.After having a little bit of fun in the arcade we had to find out where to redeem our tickets earned. There are two areas. One area is only opened up on the weekends. There is no sign indicating this, so you'll probably stand there for a few moments wondering why employees are passing by you without helping you. Only AFTER we stood around for a few minutes and asked, the employee informed us of another prize station on the other side.The wait there was just as irritating. We waited for about five or ten minutes. I was debating whether or not I should simply hop over and collect the proper prizes myself and leave the tickets on the table. Finally, someone showed up. No apology for the long wait, not even a "hello" or a general acknowledgment of our presence.  More of a look of "What do you want"?I suppose the upside to the  trip was the employee let us slide with our prizes being 5 tickets short.  But that was really the highlight of my experience with employee contact.To the employees: Smile. Guests like me are the reason why you're even employed. Be happy about that.
3	Circus Circus will always hold a special place in my heart because my family and I used to go a lot when I was young. My sisters and I would spend hours playing the midway games while our parents gambled. It was so much fun going home with bags full of stuffed animals.The hotel could use a little remodeling though. These days it does seem out of place with all the new flashier hotels on the strip.
4	Not too sure why everybody seems to complain about this hotel. In all honesty it wasn't bad at all except for the foul smell of cigarette and wet dog in the casino.We stayed for 4 days and arrived at 6 in the morning. Although the earliest check-in is allowed at 8am, the bell desk was able to store our luggage until a room opened up for us. So while we waited we decided to hang out in the casino. Of course its an older hotel and the carpet is stained with the smells of cigarettes but towards the exit/entrance to slots-of-fun the room smelt like a foul fart that pickled and didn't air out.Anyways, 8am came so we decided to check in, although there was a $10 early check in fee we didn't care that fee was dirt cheap to get into our room 7 hours earlier than normal check in time, we got a nice non-smoking room in the tower above the lobby which was nice. A King-Sized bed and the bathroom toiletries were stocked and fresh.The only downside of the room was that we could hear our neighbors flush the toilet. There is a great cheap breakfast buffet downstairs and the boyfriend enjoined the Krispy Kreme stand. We did get lost somewhere between the adventure dome and the midway but it was totally fun and worth it to play something else besides slots and enjoy a few free performances from circus acts.This Hotel was totally convenient and worth the price. Plus being in Vegas you aren't supposed to spend you whole day in your hotel room, you are supposed to gallivant and explore the strip and what not so it was perfect for us.
1	This place is old, noisy, and run down. It is very kid friendly...but I can't imagine traveling all the way to Vegas with your family just to spend time at Circus Circus. Your kids will be happy, but you will want to die.
3	I usually stay here when in Vegas as the rates are pretty good if booked through Hotels.com or another site such as that. I stayed at the Manor this time and it wasn't bad...but wasn't great either. The beds are comfortable for the most part, but the linens are old. The Manor is ready for an update already! The shower had very little pressure and the bathroom was very small. Stay in the towers, they are worth the extra $8.
5	Circus Circus is absolutely worth the price! We checked in super early at 9am for no additional charge, the desk lady was very nice and the line was short. She gave us great and easy to follow directions to our room which was on the 21st floor of the Skyrise tower with a view of the strip. The room is super clean and comfy. Huge bathroom. We are  happy with the hotel so far! For $30 a night, I'd definitely stay here again! I have no clue why they get such bad reviews. If you want a baller suite go somewhere else! This place is fantastic for  the price!
2	OH HOLY HELL! So many screaming children! Too many clowns and cheesy carnival games and circus acts. This place is bordering on the 'bad end' of the strip and even has an indoor amusement park under a pink dome with more clowns and cheap food. This place makes me want to hurl, especially after perhaps the worst buffet I've ever encountered. One cool thing though.....I got to meet Sammy Hagar hanging with his family in the coffee house. "I Can't Drive 55"? You couldn't drive fast enough to avoid this place.......A NIGHTMARE INDUCING HELL!
1	The hotel overall is mediocre but the worst part of it is that the cleaning ladies are THIEVES. Stupid me, I thought leaving my Swiss Army Knife that I personally bought in Switzerland on the counter was safe but no. Next thing I know, it suddenly dissapeared. Never coming back here again and don't know the next time I'm going to Switzerland.
4	Well, I don't know if it is because my family and I ALWAYS come to this Circus Circus Hotel every time we go to Las Vegas and don't really stay else where, but this place is awesome! I have always loved the look and not to mention the rides and games are ALWAYS fun! =) Circus Circus is my childhood to Las Vegas! Can't wait to go back!
2	one of the cheapest strip hotels but you definitely get what you pay for.  Compared to other hotels this one is very old and dirty.  Watch out for the Manor lodging.  Its like motel 6 quality rooms.  However I did like being able to park near my room because I'm always driving somewhere when I'm in Vegas.  They do have some renovated rooms in one of the towers that are nicer (but still not up to par to many other hotels).  Its also at the very edge of the strip with no immediate resorts next door.Many people mention kids getting in the way but I didnt have much a problem with this given I didnt bother with anything in this casino besides going straight to my room.I would only recommend this hotel if you are a casino hopper who likes to drive, taxi, or walk long distances from their home hotel, dont care about extra amenities of their hotel, or going for the kids.
1	i well never come back  in place at all its very dirty  no hot water we payed for 3days in  we ask if  they can gave as back the money we payed for its trou online  in in they was very roods in nasty  about its  im telling you the place its was suck  i never have that bad s here we stupid we do we payed  $200.00a day for 3 days  the bad thing about its we meet my family there in we payed for 3 rooms in we are not so happy wint we got are room so my family bed was very filthy bath room to no hot water i my family if they have something that we have in are room wel they have worse than we got  so to all you people if think going to the place dont  its suck
2	If you are coming to Vegas just to party then this place would be good, As you likely won't be doing more than sleeping off a hangover In your room, But being here on business it was really hard to get good sleep, bed sucked, had a lovely view of the roof/solid wall, And crap TV!  The staff is just okay we waited in a long line for over 30 minutes just to check in.
3	This place certainly isn't new and fancy like many of the other locations on the strip, but it is an okay place to get a good night's rest. There were a lot of children running around and things were a bit dingy and run down, but the price is pretty awesome. Do beware of the additional resort fees, which do get you a coupon book with some decent stuff like a free premium ride at the adventure dome and 2 midway games, plus some deals on drinking and gambling. Resort fee also covered free wifi. There is a gym which was much nicer than I expected, but very difficult to find. Many people asked seem to not know where it was hidden and there are no helpful signs. I would suggest it be kept open 24 hours a day since this is the city that never sleeps, but the hours started early and ended semi late. The pool didn't appear to be anything worth checking out unless you are super hot, especially if you have used any of the other pools on the strip. We did have a problem with an alarm clock next door going off in the middle of the night, but staff did get it taken care of eventually. I also had a problem with my safe, which may have been forgetting my own code, and was impressed when security arrived prior to the maintenance man to verify my identification. Do beware the food at the buffet is not really edible. Overall I would stay here again, but mostly if I was with children or had a strange love for the free circus acts.
4	I don't know why so many people complained about this hotel. It was clean, cheap, and the rooms were very comfortable to stay in. Huge bathroom. Our rooms were cleaned everyday by the very kind maids. Tons of room to put clothes. 2 safes. Great view of Vegas and so much to keep you entertained right inside the hotel itself. They have a huge carnival place for everyone of all ages to go enjoy themselves. Tons of gift shops and a very huge casino if you love to gamble. They have arcade games for the little kids and big kids. Bars are located right near the casino. Friendly helpful staff. I would go back. Only complaint I honestly can come up with is there is no refrigerator or microwave. Those were the only downfalls I can think of and that's not enough for me to not go back. Definitely give it a try folks.
5	Love the free nights we received and its great for children they can play games, ride some rides, and there's circus acts, McDonald's, Rockin Rita's (the food is ok but the service is great very friendly), don't care for the Buffett it seems as if all their food is a bit bland the best thing would be The Garden Grill I absolutely love that place the all you can eat prime rib is great very tasty with green beans and garlic mash it's great and the all you can eat BBQ ribs is also good the strawberry shortcake desert is quite yummy and you must get a ice cream shake its old fashion and so delicious...take a visit to the popcorn factory it's odd flavors of popcorn but really good, and Krispy Kreme donuts I don't care to much for it but it makes a fast breakfast for those with kids, also try the Pizzaria it's really good pizza, great ceaser salad fresh and I liked that brand of dressing, and they also deliver to your room so that's a great deal if you feel like staying in a night and if you don't want to find parking go ahead and valet and if you don't want to wait in long check out lines use express check out fill out the paper put the keys in envelope and drop it I. The box on your way out. If you're on a budget or not its a great place to stay!
3	It's not nearly as bad as what other reviewers would suggest.  It's clean and comfortable.  For $25/night, it was exactly what I paid for and I knew I'd be staying outside the main building when I booked the room.  The only thing is that the walls are thin and I can hear everyone around me.  But, I put in my earplugs and it was fine.
2	This is my first time writing a review, and I did it because I had such a bad experience at this hotel.I got my stay here through another website i think it was hotels.com (not sure though) it was a good deal. 6 nights/7days king size bed with air conditioning and a fridge. Turned out it was at the manors not even connected to the hotel. I decided to upgrade when checking in. The lady was real nice about it and got us the upgrade real easy. Had to wait around about an hour or two because there card system was down.From first glance, the hotel looks grimy, old, and wore out.  Same is said of the inside. It's stuffy everywhere and smells of smoke (which isn't to big of an issue for me) I went and got my key and went to pick up my luggage because I didn't want to carry it around with me, so I left it at the luggage hold area. No one was at the desk! and their were 4 other people waiting by the time I got there. 20 minutes passed before a lady showed up and started getting people their luggage. smallest quantity at a time. I had 5 so I had to wait until she got through all 4 other people. (she looked super annoyed with her job and looked like she didn't want to be here at all. no care about the customers/clients/guests)Get up to my room on 6th floor. My room is small with a small bathroom and a door to the adjacent room?? (Security risk any?) air conditioning didn't work, fan had mold on it, of course I didn't realize that until I started to get sick a day later from having it run. No fridge in my room like the deal said. Oh did I say I was put in a smoking room on a nonsmoking floor? because it was the only one available for upgrade. Well after a terrible night's rest, and getting sick from the mold they moved me down the hall to a new room.Looks Identical. only they gave me a fridge and a working air conditioner and no door to the adjacent room. Yet the room is placed in a similar location where my last room was, so whats up with that? the view from both rooms is terrible. You mostly look at a building in front of you and the roof of the main building area below you.The Buffet Review: 1/5Over Priced, terrible selection of foods, and even worse in the taste department.  After waiting in line for about 10 minutes which isn't to bad for lunch time. I got seated and went to look at the foods.  Wide selection of choices they do have.My first plate consisted of Mashed potatoes w/ gravy, fried chicken wings, mac & cheese, x2 sausage links, and toast.  The wings, M&C, and potatoes were yucky. tasted like 3 day old KFC, because 2 day old KFC tastes better! The sausage links were cold in the center and under cooked, and the toast was just plain cold.2nd plate was a salad with olives, cheddar cheese, and ranch. Because the rest of the salad makings either don't belong on a salad or belong to a separate salad group. the dressings were miss labeled ( I don't think rang is supposed to be orange?) or they weren't labeled at all. The lettuce was dry and warm which salads aren't supposed to be warm.  I also grabbed a plate of sliced cherry pie, my thought was how can you screw up pie?...Circus Circus did! it tasted like that fake pie you make when your to lazy to make your own or to cheap to buy the good stuff for an extra 2 bucks. Plus it was cold. If anything positive came out of the buffet it was the water. Because at least that they got right. Cold and wet!I'm almost done.  Most of the people here are nice. The room keepers if your lucky enough to get English speakers are pretty nice. Unless they don't understand the word go away, or can't read the do not disturb sign. I was interrupted by several room cleaners on several occasions. They just barge right in without saying anything. I don't think they care to read the do not disturb sign clearly placed on the outside door handle. One of them came in while I was undressing ( which I wouldn't mind if she was attractive, which He wasn't) The casino area. It clearly states no minors under the age of 21 allowed in or to loiter in the gaming area. I must have seen several kids sitting on the gambling games next to their parents which is illegal.  I even saw a kid sitting at a black jack table, clearly under the age of 15. The waitress/servers in the casino area are not attractive but instead look like 40 year old ladies in terrible shape who shouldn't be wearing said outfits. Plus their service is terrible, they walk around saying "drinks? Drinks" and they walk so fast you have to yell at them to get there attention. Then you don't see one for at least 20 minutes. cheaper to just sit at the bar. Plus I saw several of these servers just coughing on the drinks they were serving, made me sick knowing they coughed on people's drinks.Overall a bad stay here. Recommend if your looking for a cheap stay. better staying at a motel or something. Plus some health concerns here!
4	OK. If you have kids this is a great place for them to run around and have a good "kid" time. It's such a throw back to a time when people took their kids to Vegas and didn't map out an entire day of activity for them. Not exactly a soccer mom's dream environment for children but what the heck. If your a fan of "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas" you can see the revolving bar that his attorney had so much trouble stepping off of. Also, there is this great craps table that is just below where they stage the Circus show. It gives you this 180 degree sightline of the "midway" so you can throw some dice, have a drink and keep your eyes on the kids all at the same time. See, you still might win that Parent of the Year award.
2	Avoid this place for everything other than the steakhouse.Yes, it's a good deal for the price, but it stinks, it's dirty, it's on the end of the strip, and it stinks.  It really, really stinks--like smoke and ammonia and rotting food.
4	Circus Circus brings back fond memories of my childhood playing at the Midway and watching the free circus acts under the Big Top!We paid $35 per night including resort fee (and a free coupon book with 2 free midways games and a free Adventuredome ride!) and got upgraded for free to the West Tower (recently renovated, located right next to the check in desk and valet parking) and the rooms are great!Tastefully decorated in a contemporary fashion, flat screen TV, granite countertops in the bathroom, excellent water pressure in the shower, and comfy beds!With the exception of the lobby area, the rest of the hotel is very smoky and they dont scent the air like they do at TI, Mirage, Venetian, and some of the other newer and fancier hotels.The Midway was totally dead on a weeknight!The Adventuredome was great!  DiskO was thrilling and the Canyon Blaster Rollercoaster was fun and had two loops and two corkscrews!  This was the first rollercoaster I went on as a child and its much smoother than the Manhattan Express Rollercoaster at the NY Hotel!Free valet was PAINFULLY slow, especially when waiting to drop off our car everytime we came back to the hotel!  We waited a good five minutes in the car until I got out and went up to valet guy and asked him to help us and he said he thought we wanted to relax in the car a bit before getting out!  What an idiot!The Circus Kids store on the same Promenade level as the Adventuredome was great!The owner was totally friendly, knowledgeable, helpful and patient!EXCELLENT selection of Hello Kitty items!Random tip: If you have T-mobile, 4G cell reception is hit and miss in this store.
1	This hotel is dirty. It smells like they have been trying to cover up funk over the years and do it by spraying a whole can of cheap air freshener in the room. This gives you a headache once you enter into the hotel room. The floors are stained, so don't even think a bout walking barefoot. I was looking forward to my stay here since it has so much history, but never again will I stay here.False advertisement!
3	Mediocre stay. As a kid I always wanted to stay at Circus Circus., simply because of the midway and Adventuredome. Never happened. Now as an adult my husband and I stayed INCASE we couldn't find a babysitter and had to take our son along. Luckily we did have a babysitter but unfortunately we were  stuck with the room... March Madness weekend, everything was mostly booked and overpriced.Check in was at 3pm but we wanted to check in early since we arrived at 10am. Check in fee was $35., umm no thank you. So we returned around 2pm after a meal and a walk on the strip and were able to get the room by then. There was a charge of $10/per night for the resort fee. Which includes wi-fi access, fitness room, pool etc.Stayed in the Manor Lodge which is inconvenient because of the walk., but whatever. The bed was comfortable and the room was pretty big. The wi-fi was horrible! I could only get a "decent" signal standing by the fridge in the corner. As soon as i walked to the bed it would disconnect. WACK! Speaking of the fridge, it was broken. We couldn't chill our drinks smh.Overall IF you can Avoid staying here, it's best. Especially if you have no children with you. But if there's no other option it's good just for sleeping/showering etc. Really that's all you need it for anyway, right? :)
1	The place is filthy! Don't waste your money here. You will regret it!
1	When we arrived the hotel staff were unfriendly and uncaring about our needs. Our room was supposed to be a non-smoking room but obviously wasn't. The people in the room next to us kept trying to get into our room. They were banging on our door all night for the 3 nights we were there. When we called the front desk (several times) the person told us, "just tell the people to stop." They would not send a manager or security to our room. Our room was not in very good shape the view was the roof of another part of the hotel. The casino was old and depressing. When we were leaving we were told that they had a shuttle that would take us to the airport. We waited for over 30 minutes. We finally had to call a taxi. We will never stay here again.
1	Extremely dirty dirty dirty arcade...Enough said...I've never seen such filth inside a place as this.. Gum on controllers of machines, spilled food and drink all over machines, water and spills on floors causing people to trip....I couldn't get out of here fast enough.Yuck.
1	i have been to the circus circus numerous times to gamble and wander around, but have never stayed in the hotel......i made the mistake of booking a room here for mid-may.....never again.....check-in was a nightmare......it took almost an hour to check in and, even though i had reservations and confirm #, they could not find my reservation.......stayed in the "new" wing (casino tower)....a joke.....the one bright light was "The Steakhouse"....great food and service........unless you get the room for $39, don't bother!
1	They should rename it Circus Virus already.  We only stayed because it was chosen as the team hotel for a soccer tournament.   It's old. It's musty. It's grimy.  Our rate was decent, but after traveling hundreds of miles I'm willing to spend an extra $50 a night to avoid live mold.
1	Straight ass ghetto! A hookers paradise! Good place if you want to save money. Don't book cheap vacation here! You get what you pay for! Splurge for better tower.
1	Checked into a room that was still being cleaned. Had to wait 20 minutes outside room for completion of cleaning only to find hair all over the bathroom. Very poor service and  service recovery.
1	rcus Circus. What to say? About 20 years ago, I think this was one of the finest hotels throughout Las Vegas. It is nicely decorated, good casino, although it is far down on the Strip.Today, it is not as nice. It is worn, smell Christmas in the corridors of a non-nice way. When we checked in we had to wait in line for almost 30 minutes, which is crazy. We paid for a continental breakfast. Breakfast?! What you may choose to include milk, coffee, juice or a bottle of water. Then a croissant, muffin or danish. Finally, an apple or a banana. The bananas are almost always the end, one is allergic to apples, there is no one to do. If you want a cup of tea instead of coffee will cost you $ 4. The queues for breakfast is miles long.Not even the staff is especially nice. They stand behind the counter and just looks bored. You get no information about the hotel, about where the breakfast is, where the pool is located, or you can pay $ 9.95 to receive a coupon booklet with a lot of discounts.Must commend the hotel room. It is great, sofa, fridge, big giant comfy bed and free Wi-Fi.Despite the nice hotel room is not the hotel worth more than 1 star.
1	It's as if Jerry Springer decided to open a casino in Vegas and hired all his guests as employees.If you enjoy white trash AMURRICA by all means stay here. If you enjoy tons of screaming kids in a casino by all means gamble here.If you enjoy being up on the seedy part of The Strip by all means stay here.If you enjoy cheesy-bad circus acts and evil clowns by all means drop in here.If you like filth then by all means come here but make sure you have your shots.I walked around for a bit and quickly left feeling the need to shower with scalding hot water. This place even has a parking area specifically for RV's. Nuff said!
2	Ok, so keep in mind I live about 100 yards from this place......Rude cocktail servers more often than not. I asked "can I get a drink please?", she says "your gonna have to WAIT". Bums sleeping on the front lawn all the time, how quaint!Valet sucks, always too busy and not enough valets when I pull up. I waited 12 minutes to drop off my car the other day and gave up as they were too busy to even take my keys.NO alcohol in the comp drinks.Dirty and old...obviously.Players card is different from all other MGM properties, can't combine points.MGM needs to sell this place or remodel before it becomes a COMPLETE dump.
1	Not a good place to stay. Not convenient, hotel service is not good, ice machine was not working in our floor, rooms does not smell fresh and lobby is not accessible. Hotel employees are not professional. Not coming back ever.., sorry!
4	I was expecting worse so here's to a decent review.  I had kids with me on a family road trip and wanted something in Vegas kid friendly.  This was it!  Our room in the west tower was clean but worn.  I would certainly upgrade for a future visit but wanted to be close to kid stuff.  Employees seemed happy and nice.  It was a spring break weekend and the place was packed.  The midway was fun and you can't beat free entertainment.  Adventuresome was also a good time.  I was also pleased with the variety of dining choices.
1	Don't go to vegas on a whim with your kids if you are a frugal person. I've been to Las Vegas many times before but never with my kids and never stayed at circus circus. This was the only hotel that had rooms available on a saturday night that was on the strip that seemed "family friendly" for under $250.00. I was told at the front desk that all the rooms were nice and I overheard someone else say that rooms had been remodeled. Must not have been mine. I stayed at the sky tower for about $130.00 and the room looked like it had been the same since late 80's early 90's. My sheets had holes in them, the decor was dreadful, and the whole way to the room looked dingy and old. Lesson learned, don't stay at this hotel, and don't bring the kids. They where underwhelmed by the adventure dome and wished I had just taken them to six flags or knotts.
4	I like the casino with the circus acts above the gambling floor.
1	Please don't stay at this Casino. This place smell so bad you won't able to stand it.I don't care if the room is free it's still not worth it. The people that go there also smell just like that casino. Do yourself a favor and don't go there. The only things that is good about this place is the Valet parking I  would give them 5 stars for that.
5	Had a blast!! Some rides were closed. :( overall great place. Food and drink!!! Room was nice and clean!
1	This hotel has seen better days. While we didn't stay here, we dined and gambled here. I was very disappointed that their dealers are very rude, quiet, don't smile, and don't converse with you at all. Most of them are very old and many of them are of Asian decent. I enjoy dealers that at least put on some makeup and try to make themselves look nice. Most dealers are very aware of their hands and have their nails done. Not here. I know it's shallow but they were just horribly unattractive and I think it was mostly because none of them ever smiled. The first table I sat down at the dealer kept coughing all over the cards. They don't have electronic card shufflers which seemed odd. The next table we went to the dealer was just very rude and barely spoke English. When I was getting ready to leave the table she insisted that I color up and when my husband started separating my chips, she very rudely grabbed them from him. I think her name was Yong. The last table we sat at was with an elderly but American woman dealer and she honestly looked like she was ready to commit suicide. She never smiled, never really acknowledged anyone at the table. It was very depressing.
2	You first walk in and there is a massive line to check in(it was like this no matter what time we passed by) when we finally got a rep there was a problem with our reservation the clerk was rude and unhelpful (that should have been our first clue not to stay) we rented two rooms one was in the tower which wasn't bad just outdated but clean the other was across the street in the bungalows we would have had a better room at the super 8 there are a lot more hotels right on the strip for just a little more I won't be back here
3	Casino rooms were remodeled and beds are now comfy.  Definitely a nice upgrade to Circus Circus.  Although, I did enjoy the fact that we had to enter 3 different elevators to go from the casino floor to our room and back, mad struggle..
1	In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas.If a deal is too good to be true, especially in Vegas, you know why. The worst hotel experience in Vegas that I have done. Way on the other side of the strip, hotel rooms are like "no tell, motels." Annoying frat boys throughout the night with shitty costumer service was the pits. I went on the strip so often just to avoid hanging out in my room. This was in the scummy part of the strip which added to the experience in a negative way. It's one of those hotels which looks great in pictures...not so much in real life. There were hidden fees when booking compared to other hotels which angered me to no extent.
5	It's fun...This place has live shows and lots of little shops to spoil yourself with. I got ice cream and and burger. And I sat and watched a few acts for free that they offer. Its like being at the circus and all the employees are extra nice. Hmmm I got popcorn and they gave me a huge free water with ice! I liked that they have a lot of nickel machines to play slots. This is a nice place to hang out I will be back ASAP. This place is cool it does not break ya bank and most of all you will have a nice time if your with family its super kid friendly and family focused.
4	If you have kids, you gotta stay here!  There are so many things going on from circus acts, the Midway games, and stuff inside the Adventuredome.The only bad thing is that it's far from the center of the strip where Bellagio, Paris, MGM Grand, etc are.
1	Stayed there a kid in the 70's and it was fun and bright and clean.  Got married there in the 80's and it was still bright, fun and clean.  Planned to stay there in 2005 but wound up at the Golden Nugget...thank God.... We had a lot of trouble finding the Chapel of the Fountain where we got married.  They had moved it upstairs and it is staffed with a nasty lady who was not amused we wanted to visit.   The casino was filthy, we ate at McDonalds there and it smelled like vomit.   We peaked at a room being cleaned and it was truly ugly.   Was so glad to get back to the Nugget where by the way check in was really quick.It needs Hotel Impossible to come and rescue it.
1	I've always made fun of Circus Circus, generally because I imagined the inside of the casino to feature a bear on a bicycle riding around a slot machine. However, I actually stayed there a few months ago when Hurricane Sandy prevented me from returning to DC, and I needed a cheap place to sleep for a couple of nights (read: I had no money left after getting the "prison treatment" from the blackjack switch tables at Bellagio).Well, let me tell you, there is not a bear riding a bicycle under the "big top," but I would rather let a similar and much larger Kodiak bear maul me publicly than to spend another night at Circus Circus.Because it was near Halloween, the hotel was apparently running a haunted house just outside my room. So just imagine the joy it brought me to hear someone RUNNING A CHAINSAW every 30 seconds until 2:00AM. Hey, don't worry me trying to sleep, guys. Just make sure you send LEATHERFACE up to my room when he's done carving up the kids downstairs and/or meticulously pruning the shrubs outside.When I did venture outside of my room, I was confounded by a layout that was surely masterminded by a sadistic meerkat. Admittedly, I am not great with direction, but I also know that "Hey Jimmy, put something together with your Legos" would be a better design strategy than whatever was used as a blueprint for the building.After meandering around for much longer than necessary and finally finding a place to eat, I noticed that the Mexican food restaurant in which I was standing had a faucet leaking sludge just beneath the fountain drink machine. If Erin Brockovich had been in line with me, I'm sure she would have discovered that PG&E was knowingly leaking chromium into my chimichanga.The only upside to Circus Circus is that instead of a "late checkout," you can actually pay $5-10 and stay late into the afternoon, which I suppose is preferable only to being waterboarded or watching an episode of "Whitney."I was so miserable, I actually choose a red-eye flight to Charlotte followed by a seven hour drive in a rental car to DC instead of staying an extra night. It was expensive. I was exhausted. And spending a full day on the road while trying to navigate the remnants of Hurricane Sandy was not very safe.It was still better than Circus Circus.
4	Great for kids of all ages.  Free circus shows every few minutes.  Is it me or were the shows dominated by Russian people?  The games were fun and easy to win too.  Unlike the county fairs its not like you have to drop $10 just to win a small toy either.  Unless you really suck or have horrible luck, you'll be able to win some sort of prize.
4	An enormous place that has everything you could possibly want. I give this hotel four stars only because the Adventuredome indoor theme park, the hotels main draw was closed.
4	This place is a must if your bringing kids to Las Vegas. Stay away from over priced south strip hotels and wander to the north end. Midway games are $1 workers are friendly and eager to let you win. Prizes are nice and my kids loved them. Amusement park is also a huge hit with kids. My 7yr old didn't want to go anywhere else during our three day visit.....great job CC.
4	This place is only fun for winners I guess! Dropped $40 and won three large stuffed animals and a bunch of tiny ones. Won the darts game :)If I left empty handed, I probably wouldn't be singing the same tune...
3	Not very many perks but they have some good machines. I won a couple hundred bucks on a game called kitty glitter.
2	Circus Circus has not changed much since 1995, except that the buffet is $15.95 now instead of $4.95 back then!  The decor is stuck in the 1980's and the rooms are, unfortunately worse, with wildly circus-themed decors.  Much better choices!
2	Never having been to Las Vegas, I figured I was getting a decent deal online with I booked with Circus Circus as a package. However, I was wrong. Next time I think I'll spring for somewhere a little more classy. This place was just OK. I "upgraded" our room to a tower suite, which makes me wonder what the normal rooms looked like. When we got in our room was booked in as 2 queens when I specifically asked for 1 king bed, that was easily fixed though. We got to our room around 11 pm Las Vegas time, but 3 am our time so we just wanted to hit the hay. Lying down to sleep all we heard was the rattling of the broken window. The tiles acting like baseboards in the rooms were crooked and falling off. The halls had a weird chemical but fruity smell I wasn't a fan of and our bathroom on random days had ants. In the end check out was at 11 am and we flew out at 10:45pm so we had to pay an extra $35 to stay for an additonal 3 hrs. I guess in the end this place is good for families, it has it's own little mini theme park inside, a midway full of games and a pool. None of which I really had an interest in. The 2 stars is for the service, all the staff were extremely nice and in the end we still had a good vacation. If your ok with sub-par rooms with good service then this may be a the place for you.
1	Tried to save money by staying here, but it really isn't worth it.1) Too far from everything and you'll have to bus it or get a taxi almost anywhere.2) It's filled with small children and families3) GRIMEY-You go to Bellagio and see Fendi and Prada, but you see fake diamond chains for $10 at Circus Circus4) Room service is at like 8am every morning!5) Walking through the casino to get to the elevators is tortureI do have to say that the room was clean but that's about all I can give it. And the $7 shuttle tot he airport...
1	Well First Off we stayed in the Manor... and it was horrible all we could smell was marijuana. the room was sanitary but so old and dingy. the area is very questionable. this was my first time in vegas we had to Walk 3 miles to get to a decent part of the strip. I would have rather stayed off the strip then sleep in the conditions this room ruined part of our trip to Vegas
2	We booked here with the understanding it had the most for kids to do.  Circus Circus fails in it's attempts to co-ordinate staying at the hotel with such activities.  You don't have to stay here to check out the adventure dome or circus acts. We went at the week of the 20th (May) and it was sparse with people. Our kids had limited interest and were bored quickly. (13yrs)The accomodations (west tower) were ok nothing special but nothing to complain about. No fridge, but not a make or break item. Bath collected water so you were always ankle deep when showering.My biggest complaint about this hotel was the lack of enforcement for smokers. There are signs saying strictly prohibited to casino areas, but people smoked everywhere and it was ignored. While most hotels have noticble smoking, the level here was so high I was gasping for air at one point, my wife, myself and one of the kids all were blowing blood out of our noses. and we do not have a medical conditions. I would not book this hotel again the events can be done in a short period of time in one day.  (Note adventure dome is on another floor and was not smokey.Maybe they had ventilation problems. Eitherway we checked out early and moved hotels.
1	This place is a circus and a joke, i thought the Stardust was bad but this one goes right along with it. They both need to be torn down and maybe Donald Trump can buy the land and rebuild some new casinos that would actually generate good business and jobs for Las Vegas. This is in the best prime Las Vegas Strip location and why this hotel is still standing there is beyond me? The rooms are horrible, the food is terrible and i refuse to gamble there...
1	Oh man.. I just want to get some sanitizing wipes and wipe this place from top to bottom! Some parts of the upstair game area smells literally like rotting trash. I understand this place is great for kids with all the games and prizes they can win. But come on! Spend a little bit of money and clean up / face lift this place. It's truly depressing how run down this casino is. If I had kids, I would NOT bring them here...
5	This review covers Blackjack at Circus Circus.This is one of the only casinos in Las Vegas to offer $3 blackjack. And with $3 are decent rules (by today's standards anyway). It's 6 decks, double after split, dealer hits soft 17, no late surrender, and split aces receive one card. They have a $5 double deck game as well pitch (so cards are dealt face down). They also have a "party pit" which has lights and loud music. The way the party pit works is if you get a blackjack while the lights are on, you get 2-1, instead of the 3-2 payout for blackjack. The thing is, you must be betting $10 a hand. The $3 tables are often full, but it won't take long to find a seat. There has only been 1 table on my visits, but plenty of $5 tables for blackjack. One word of advice is to sign up for the promotional chips offer. You give them $30, and they will give you $45 promotional chips for table games (blackjack, roulette). You play the promotional chips until you loose them. It's basically an extra $15 of the casino's money to play with. They also give you win cards with the chips which advise you on how to play the game (for example, in blackjack, if i have a 16 and the dealer is showing a 5, what do i do?). One thing to note is that some of my table mates were a bit offed that you "have" to loose the chips. It's gambling for a reason. No one ever wins every single hand. If you win, you get real chips, and you stack those up. Play the promotional chips until you are out. You can repeat this offer every 6 months. The nostalgia of Circus Circus is awesome. Not only was it a place for my childhood, but now, my blackjack needs as well.
2	Ive stayed here before and thought at the time that it wasnt too bad for the cost but this time around being Memorial Day weekend I was wrong. I had used Expedia and upon checking in and already being charged for the room they sprung on yet another charge, there resort fees. Funny how that wasnt mentioned from Expedia. We were told that we would be staying in the Manor Lodge. Not in the actual casino but across the street!? Talk about invonvience. Upon entering this building it was so old, run down and outdated along with a "musky" smell. Being up for over 24 hours prior all I wanted to do was take a hot shower as soon as I arrived. Bad idea. The bathroom had a layer of dust all over the place, the shower handle actually had mold growing inside and to top it all off the hot water pipes inside the wall were hitting against the wall and making a very loud rattiling. Exiting the bathroom and calling the front desk to complain I actually even noticed the lamp shade on the table was tilted off and hanging. We were moved to the West Tower room with the help of a bellboy which was alot better and what I was used to from my prior visit but my god the smell of smoke is soooo bad! The casino is very old and needs a huge make over. Enough with the small shops selling fake jewlert and colognes. The breakfast buffet is not bad but for $16 thats a big breakfast. Eat as much as you can to last till dinner time. And be prepared for kid kids and more kids not paying any attention and running everywhere. One kid even runs into me and spills his soad on the floor and says nothing. Next time will pay a bit more and stay at a better place than this. Last time for Circus Circus.
3	The wife and I stayed here for 5 nights during our short Vegas vacation. The hotel was just A-OK. There were a few positives such as free parking and being able to check out via TV (without having to navigate the maze of walkways and casino aisles), but that's about it. The negatives are:* AC blasting inside. Yes, even with 98 degrees outside, 65 inside is inappropriate.* AC/Heater inside the room was old and noisy. We had to turn it off and open the window instead.* Old flat screen CRT (tube-style) tv. Totally unacceptable for 2013.* Slow WiFi connection. 11 megabits per second is unacceptable 2013.* Not enough signs indicating where things are.* Resort fee is closer to $11 than $9.95 as per Hotels.com (notified them about it and waiting for response)* Average buffet for the price* Barely enough power outlets in the room for charging all the electronics one might travel with these days.* Glass surface on the desk and the bed side table is unacceptable and bad for health.* No beverage chiller in the room.* No coffee maker in the room.* Vendors peddling their wares right in your face in the hallways.
1	No, no, no, no... my family stayed here for 1 week because my younger cousin did not want to stay at Caesar Palace with boring old people is what he claims. Worst decision ever we should have gone to Ceasar's and my aunt and uncle should have stayed there. When we got to our room, they told us it wasn't clean and we needed to wait 3 more hours, when they finally let us in I decided to take a shower and the shower head was not working! I found a cockroach inside the nightstand, and the worst part was me and my brother had a separate room, what a big mistake that was at 2:00 am these two men were banging on my door drunk saying they were going to kidnap me they didn't leave till 2:30 and I had called the concierge telling them what was happening the security never showed up! The main reason we stayed at circus circus was my cousin wanting to have fun and go in the adventure dome, he got bored after one day he said the rides were dirty and stupid he was (12) at the time. Oh word of advice, outside the Adventure Dome they sell these "MAGICAL" fuzzy worms that are like $40 don't buy them they come with a string and don't work they ripped my brother off. Never coming here again!
1	This place just sucks.. Avoid at all cost.. Do your self a great favor, dont come here, i told you so..
3	Ready? Okay let's go! So I traveled to Vegas as a tag-a-long. I'm always up for a good time so I adapt and I go with the flow. Over the years I would have NEVER picked to stay here.  Even when I took my kid nieces to Vegas for the summer we didn't stay here for the kid appeal. I saw the pictures and frankly it looked like a clown threw up in the room.  Weellllllllll HELLO Circus Circus! The tower I stayed in was lovely!  The decor upgraded and the regular room was large.  Now keep in mind you can normally find me at the high end contemporary hotels so my standards are high but I really felt comfortable here.  The bathroom was small and a normal bath shower combo with a curtain (I think NO place should use a curtain.  Get a door!) But clean and updated.  No great amenities in the room and no views.  I'm curious to see the high floor views.  Not much on that end of the strip to look at.  The suite was large however,  size of bathroom did not increase.  The casino yes it's small and more kids than the other hotel's. The adventurdome is a great place for kids however, it does get pricey.  The Buffett...by far I've had better in Vegas. The Wifi...more like no fi..totally slow. The gym, almost non existent.  BUT are you really going to workout on vacay?  (I did that's how I know the gym isn't super great)So you have to ask yourself,  why did I come to Vegas? Do you need a decent, clean room, with good customer service to stay at? Okay here's circus circus.  If you plan to hotel hop use the monorail to take you down the strip or jump in a cab.
1	Ok, here goes...We stayed at Circus Circus with our kids on the way to Disneyland between Denver and Anaheim.  We considered driving straight through, and in hindsight should have.  Instead we stopped at Circus Circus.  Our room was dirty when we checked in.  there were used dirty rags in the room.  The walls are paper thin.  You can hear your neighbor even having regular conversations clear as day.  We also had to call security as our neighbors were smoking, and having a party... At least 20 different people in that room.  Nothing was done.   My son has asthma.. I guess I made the wrong choice stopping in Vegas but there really is no other town half way to stop. Management did not care or address any concerns.  I will NEVER stay here again or recommend this hotel to anyone.
5	My husband and I brought our 17 year old and our 7 year old for a summer vacation and as a present to our son for graduation. I read all the reviews and decided to stay anyway. First off everyone is so nice we got there at 2 in the morning and they went above and beyond to get us in quick and they comped our resort fee. We stayed in the sky tower it was clean didn't smell and it was very quiet. All of the restaurants have decent food and there is so much for the kids to do. The midway was cheap and fun and they loved all the free performances through out the day. Be prepared to walk it is a bit of a distance but worth it. We actually had an issue with there credit card system that was doubling our payments they fixed it right away and comped us food and gifts for my boys. This place was great for me and my family will most definitely stay here again.
1	Worst hotel I've ever stayed at. No refridgerator, no microwave, no help!! My wife, duaghter,and I went to Vegas to see our oldest child have her first baby. We stayed a week. During that week we experienced thier mediocore casino, atrocious buffet, and the most expensive bagel I've ever had. I can get over the prices because, hey, it's Vegas. But when my daughter wanted to stay and visit with us the day after she had her son we were charged $20 for a wheelchair!! That did it for us. We willl never go back and I recomend you stay clear of this place.
5	Not as clean or fun as it use to be...but, for the cost (29.00) per night-----it was well worth it.  I could have paid $300 and stayed at the Mirage---but chose this on a budget and was happy.
3	I stayed here this past weekend because it was one of the cheaper hotels due to the fact that it was EDC weekend. The outside looks pretty crappy, mainly because it's old. It's at the end of the strip so it's kind of far from the main hotels. The inside doesn't look too bad though. The casino is okay. We stayed on the second floor (nonsmoking) and the room was surprisingly nice. I heard that there are pictures of clowns in some of the rooms so I was very glad our room had none. The beds were comfortable but the pillow I was laying on felt very weird. I was able to sleep on it but when I felt it, it felt as if they got chunks of cotton and threw them in there. The other pillows felt normal though. There are no fans in the bathroom so you can hear whatever business is being done inside. The water took a while to drain too so the sink flooded once because I wasn't paying attention. The bathtub takes a while to drain too but not when the shower head is on. There aren't enough outlets either. We had to unplug 3 different lamps in order to charge our phones. There's no fridge either so I had to throw away my OJ and it was just a hassle to keep getting ice to keep our drinks cold. Check-in is at 3pm and if you want to check-in earlier, you have to pay an additional $35. That sucks because we got there early and since we were tired, we had no choice but to. My friends told me they never paid an early check-in fee before at other hotels. Check-out is at 11am and when we asked for a later check-out, they said it'd be a $10 charge + tax so we left. I never had to pay for a late check-out if it was only an hour later. I don't know if I would ever stay here again. We'll just have to see.Make sure to bring an extension cord and some Febreeze or something. It's entertaining for kids though as they have a trapeze artists performing at a certain time. They also have an arcade too. The McDonald's here.. EHHHHH. The FIRST thing I ordered was a small OJ. It was like $1.99. I ordered a hash brown and a sausage and egg biscuit after. I pay the girl, go to pick up my order, and there's no OJ. I tell the person who gave me my food and after going to the girl who took my order, she comes back and says, "it'll be $2.50." Uh. WTF? I ask if it wasn't put in and they both say no with this unfriendly look and tone. I told her I don't want it and left. Augh.
1	We're locals and have been to Midway way too many times.  But being good hosts, we return whenever friends or family visit Vegas.  We visited on Tuesday, June 25th and treated all the kids to play carnival games and watch some free circus acts in the crazy, chaotic atmosphere of Circus Circus Midway.We went early to avoid the crowds and our group was enjoying our visit.  Service was overall great.  My little niece lost one of her small "consolation" prizes virtually minutes after walking away from the booth, and after unsuccessfully searching for it, the lady just gave her another one.  That was very nice.  The kids played in the one where you hammer a launcher that flings a chicken into pots and the little kids really struggled with it.  The nice lady there gave them 2nd chances without us asking or the kids even complaining. That was very nice.Then we came across Ms. Hoan, who was working the Buoy Game.  There are a bunch of little bowls on water and you toss ping pong balls into them.  Most are clear but there are a few red and blue ones.  I believe the blue ones are for the big stuffed animals.So get this...Our 9-year old tosses about 10 balls without winning a prize until he finally lands one in the blue bowl.  We erupt with cheers.  Ms. Hoan is on the other side, however, and another family tosses a ball in the same blue bowl which shoots our ball out.  They erupt with cheers and the two families look at each other uncomfortably.  Ms. Hoan comes over and we both explain to her what happened.  Ms. Hoan looks at my 9-year old and says "Nope...I only see their ball in their.  You get nothing.'WOW!!!  The other family apologizes and looks horrified as they walk away with their huge giraffe.  My son, to his credit, shrugs it off and we move on to the next game.  As a few minutes pass, I become infuriated and I go to the Customer Service office.  A supervisor by the name of Brian apologizes and gives my son a big stuffed animal.Circus Circus - I recommend that you review video of this incident.  Ms. Hoan is a disgrace to your brand.  The incident occurred at approx 3pm on 6/25 at your Buoy game.
1	I love having to purchase my own extension cords when outlets don't work.The scenic view of exterior pipes is utterly breathtaking.I hate being treated well so I felt right at home.Thanks for not providing a small fridge, microwave, or coffee maker as I love paying over $3 for a medium coffee and not being able to save this place's below average food.My favorite feature of CC is still being charged an entire week when we decided to head home to finally relax.Highly recommended to anyone who finds camping to be luxurious.
3	We stayed here this weekend and I guess I should start by setting expectations because that is what I did before coming out here. If you compare Circus Circus to a newer hotel on the strip, you will be disappointed before you even get there. Now, if you compare Circus Circus to another kid friendly spot on the strip, you will be pleasantly surprised! There is so much to do here for kids AND for the kid in you! And it turns out that the Vegas strip is not really for kids!!! Go figure! We stayed in the "newer" hotel section and this review is based on that. The Hotel: 1 Star =(Without a doubt, needs a facelift!!! It is very old, and has a grimy feel to it. We stayed in the "newer" West Tower and even this felt old. I don't think I will ever stay here again. The place seems clean and the room service was attentive, but it's true what they say, you can't polish a turd. It did the job though, we slept and showered and it work fine. The Pool: 3 StarsDecent size(2 of them), but also very old. There is a bar and snack bar for convenience, I ordered a bloody Mary for $10 (Includes the cup). It was great! I suggest getting there when it opens up before the crowd arrives. When it was crowded, it was too much. The Casino: 3 StarsThere was a good variety of slots and tables. It's not too big and yet not too small. The Food: 3 StarsHere's a quick rundown of the spots we hit. All of these spots are a mix between a sit down restaurant and a fast food. You order and pay, then seat yourself and pick up your food. ***The Pizzeria was very good! Recommend this spot!*The Garden Grill was OK. The burger was just OK, the Caesar Salad dressing sucks, stay away. The wings are decent. The portions are pretty big!*The Blue Iguana was again, just OK. It was NOT authentic Mexican food and needed some seasoning but it was edible. ***Barista Bagels was good! Breakfast special was good and you can't really go wrong with a bagel and coffee. *** McDonalds was actually "fresh" and tasty. I don't eat at any McD's and was happy with what I did eat here. Yes, I just said that I liked McDonalds...here. The Fun: 5 stars!Lots to do in the Midway and also in Adventuredome. Carnival games that only cost a buck or two and are easy enough to win a prize. Video arcades galore. Rides, rides, rides! Fun for all ages, literally. There are plenty of rides for the little ones to get on and some exciting rides for the big ones! So, in case you missed it...LOTS of fun if you have kids with you in Vegas!!!
4	Considering that this hotel is one of the cheapest spots on the strip that caters to budget conscious families, this hotel serves its purpose.  If you want luxurious gleaming marble surfaces and huge fancy statues at every turn, go to another hotel.     The room was decent and clean and the staff was helpful and polite.
4	It's an old casino but has a great arcade area for the kids they even have roller coasters in this one the last time I came here they had a log ride but I guess they took it out and are doing construction for another ride but still a lot to do and great fun.
1	We came here to play the kiddy games. We had two of the largest prizes you could win, a couple mediums, and several small prizes. Knowing we can not take all of these on the airplane, we approached the office to ask if we could trade all but one of the prizes for a unicorn. After the 150.00 we dropped, the man said "No" citing that the Despicable Me unicorn is hard to get (20.00 at Toys R Us). Mind you, we were trading much larger prizes. Then, he tried to trade all of our prizes in for a medium size crappy unicorn. This place is run down and overpriced. Go somewhere else.
1	Nasty!!! First impressions parking....horrible! No spots, traffic tie ups, small spaces, narrow isles in the garage.  My advice if you have to stay here use valet. Its free just have to tip.Line for check in was long but moved pretty fast.  Staff was very nice and friendly. The lobby and hallways are hot. Feels like there's barely any air.Its an old hotel, really needs updating badly.  We're staying in the Skyrise Towers. Room 28713.Our rooms....disgusting! There's ripping wallpaper, stains on the walls, marks on the door, hair in the mighty small blow dryer. The room is old and outdated. No coffee maker, no fridge, no nothing. Beds are old, pillows are small only 2 on each bed. I haven't toured the rest of the hotel yet but at this time I just want to leave, its disgusting!  The shower was a trickle of water I couldn't even shower properly. Beware also the A/C is LOUD! Works great but I can't hear the TV over it.The restaurants and food aren't much better. No Starbucks in the hotel but there is a Krispy Kreme. Bought a milk for my daughters from there along with some donuts to bring back to the room. Donuts were great the milk was bad I just dumped it.We did go to the buffet. Awful! Don't waste the money I can get better food going to golden corral. The place was clean but not worth the price go elsewhere.Spend the extra money elsewhere to get something better I wish I did.  Circus Circus is so far away from everything else on the strip you'll have to drive or take a can to get to anything. The monorails don't even go out that far.Oh...don't expect your cell phones to have much signal either most areas even with Verizon I only had 1x if I was lucky.The only good thing about this place is adventure dome. Great for the kids lots of rides and games decent price. Mine had a blast. Is come back for the shows and adventure dome but would never stay here again.
2	Circus Circus is okay for those who are looking to save money and for families with kids. Other than that, this probably is not the best place. Generally, the casino and the Midway reeks of trash and smoke, which can become unbearable especially when it becomes extremely crowded later in the day. The Adventuredome is crowded with kids running around and teens in herds, but it definitely seems like a good time for those interested in theme parks. The free and continuous circus acts are also great entertainment. Even though it is located on the strip, it is so far away from all the real excitement and you would have to drive to other parking lots if you want to experience the full strip because walking would take a while. If you're looking for the glitz of Las Vegas, stay at the Bellagio or other similar hotels because what you'll get at Circus Circus are touristy souvenir shops, unclean areas, and outdated rooms.  Good food options and okay customer service overall. Tip: Bring hand sanitizer and/or hand wipes Most likely will not be coming back here in the future. And the clown at the entrance sign is extremely creepy.
3	Looked a lot different from when i was a kid. Does this hotel always look dirty, run-down and dark?I'm giving it a 3 because I won big from gambling and their games are never disappointing.PLUS, their dealers are hilarious!I would visit the hotel if I was in vegas but wouldn't choose to stay here.
4	After a few days in Vegas, I looked for a way to justifiy extending the trip and settled on it by moving from our current the "four star" Monte Carlo to the two star Circus Circus, enticed by their deal for $25/night remodeled room.  However, I unconsciously gravitated towards this strange destination for two additional reasons:-Generational reasons:  my father passed-through here in the 1960s, back when James Bond graced the place with his motion picture presence  - Confirming "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas" Mental Images - I had to see the rotating bar,  morphing carpet and the 2013 experience of the American DreamWith eyes wide open as to see how much luxury downshifting I was going have to endure, I walked into the lobby, unfortunately without a head full of acid, confronting a check-in line that took about 20% longer than normal.  Although there were no moving carpet designs, the lobby did have cool clown art you can get lost in.  While heading to the elevators, I confirmed my stereotypes: an endless number of overweight blue collar folks, marching along with their three foot margarita plastic cups, using this ancient amalgamation of anachronistic building structures as the ground of their Vegas experience, venturing-out for mercurial walks up-and-down the strip to go see the Stratosphere observation deck, the M&M store, Bellagio fountain, "TI" pirate show, Mirage Volcano, maybe grabbing a drink at the Rum Jungle.  With one stale smoky whiff of the place, you know that you are among those that consider the Downtown Freemont Street experience a Vegas must-see destination.  There I was, among them, with good reason:  I now have a family.It wasn't always like this you know.  For me, Vegas used to be all VIP tables, bottle service, and exclusive parties to hang-out in.  To give one example, one time, as part of a big-time poker player's entourage, I attended a debaucherous private party in the Palms, in a room so sick that it had its own full-court basketball court with a 24 hour bartender,hobnobbing with the Hollywood A-List.  Now, with disposable income squeezed and family in tow, the previous dynamics of reality being have been pulled from under me.  All those things I once valued, like choosing between the Venetian or the Bellagio because of the danceclub; now, the vacation attributes that come front-center are things like the amusement parks, cheap hotel rooms, lazy pools, and hotels that didn't treat kids like kryptonite.  I could try and fight it, blowing $400 or more bucks on a room only to be reminded that your kids can't dip in this or that pool, but there are better things to throw your money at.  So bring-on the Orleans with its kidsclub, arcade and 14 movie theaters... bring on Excalibur and the Tournament of Kings.    So why four stars?  Because it delivers that family experience that your kids will love, on the cheap.  in other words, you can squeeze the most out of Circus Circus with the understanding that the Bellagio cabanas and the Wynn suits can wait.  Whereas every casino in Vegas had done an about-face when it comes to the family, Circus Circus has accepted us with open arms.  And their new remodeled rooms are of the same quality as you get in the 3 or 4 star establishments:  clean sheets, new and updated furniture and a view of the Adventure Dome for the kids.  All this for $25 bucks a night and coupons for discounts in their unhealthy restaurants below?!?!  I'll take it and so should you.  And best of all, you too can get that anachronistic nostalgic experience that I had been asking for:   With the right lens, you can witness Tony "The Ant" Spilotro family gift stand still there (the mob enforcer from the movie Casino that got buried alive in the cornfields);  with the right imagination, you can go to the Midway arcade to watch Sean Connery filming of Diamonds are forever;  and with the right philosophy, you can even peer outside your room at the same mountain watermark left by the ephemeral wave of flower power that inspired Hunter S. Thompson write his most memorable monolog in 'Fear and Loathing'.  Yes, with the right outlook, you too can appreciate the mutating warping of the third class blue collar American Dream, while still having a blast with your family, reminding you perhaps that life has a way of equalizing.  Even if you lead a charmed life, you lose everything, and death will be the ultimate equalizer.  The only thing you can do is make the most of what is given and your given life situation.  Once I did that, stopped judging, I noticed how everyone was nice and it was a blast to see all the colorful people milling about.  Best of all, after all these years, I got to explore and see Vegas finally DURING THE DAYTIME, and not just using the daylight hours to nurse yourself out of that wicked hangover so you can party and drop $2Gs again the next night.  Thank God that stage is over!
2	Okay, I really hate giving bad reviews but I cannot help this one. I purchased two nights at Circus Circus through Vegas deals and was highly disappointed. We asked for a nonsmoking, which is what they said we got, and the room stunk of smoke. Not only that but there were burn holes in the comforters on the beds. The ad also showed flat screen TV's... they were not. To top it all off, during our second night there I had to kill a coach roach in my own room!! Not cool Circus Circus, not cool!! I give them two stars for the price and that is all. Not going back. Do not recommend.
4	Spent last Friday-Sun at the hotel with my hubby and 5 and 10 yr old kiddos. We booked our double bed room through Expedia for $107/night that included a $20 food/bev credit. Our casino tower room was pretty decent. The only negative to speak of was that the sink and bath tub drained very slow. My little ones had a blast at the Midway Arcade and the Adventuredome. The free circus acts at the Midway are very entertaining and free! We enjoyed dinner at The Pizzeria, good pizza, good salad, pass on the lasagna, not good, very dry for our taste anyway. The breakfast buffet was pretty good for the price.  We did not visit the pool so can not comment on that.. Overall great stay for the price, lots to do with the kiddies here. Perfect for a family Vegas trip! Don't forget to ask for your coupon book at check-in. FYI, the hotel offers late check out, $10 plus tax for 1pm, $15 for 3pm and $20 for 6pm.
1	The hotel room was dingy which made it appear dirty. I had no idea my room would NOT be in the actual hotel, but in their RV/Hotel Manor which was about a good 4min walk. I was by myself, and female and every time I walked back to my room, I was being hit on and talked to by unsavory men. I did NOT feel safe in this hotel at all! This is definitely not an upscale hotel where you will find many classy people. The staff was also rude, and their buffet was akin to high school cafeteria food. They were an hr late opening up their Italian, and mexican lunch bar. They seemed to have no accountability. This hotel was very dark and outdated, I felt like I stepped into 1972 when I walked in. I would NEVER stay at this hotel again!!!!!!!
2	There was a strange odor when you walked in from one entrance . The hotel is fine for a quick little stay and always very busy . The staff was friendly but if you have the money try to stay closer on the strip . The pool was a tad bit boring and its very a family orientated hotel . So if you with your girl then you may not enjoy the pool . There really wasn't much to the stay but a decent hotel bed . It all depends what you are looking for when you stay .
3	Anyone visiting a hotel like this would expect a front entrance. Forgive me if I'm wrong, but I got dropped off as part of a tour (Seagull Holiday), and we had to walk through a parking garage to get to the front desk. Not the warmest reception.The check-in area was thing first thing that would come to mind. Unfortunately, it was a bit outdated, compared to the newer hotels in the present day.The hotel does a good job of notifying you about Internet access, and thankfully, it was free. The problem is, the connection is not 'as advertised', which states 5X faster speed. The routers are sparsely located throughout the floors, but the registration for the WiFi takes longer than normal, also requiring you to open your browser on mobile devices unlike most hotels, where the sign in menu pops up right after you've successfully connected to the network.The signal does vary based on the distance from the router. I only get 1-2 bars, so I would rare it as moderate speed. Compared to the router at home, which does a good 50ish megabits per second, I only get around 13 megabits per second. That's more than 3X slower than normal WiFi speed. Talk about 5X faster... Yeah, if you're standing right next to the router 24/7.The furniture provided is nice, and there is a desk like most hotels. I'm counting 6 readily accessible outlets (excluding the ones already in use prior to entering the room), which is good, but not terrific. I would say it's definitely enough for me, but it could be better, because 4 of those outlets are hanging from a cabinet next to the desk.The room was clean when we first arrived, which was good.The bathroom (specifically the toilet) needs some attention. I just hate the toilets that have an almost INSTANT response, with the handle recoiling instantly after pushed. Those are very hard to deal with, and I have no idea why those toilets would be selected over more shock-friendly ones.They have the needed amount of pillows and sheets on the bed. I don't know why most hotels have 4 pillows per bed, but Circus Circus only has 2 per. I don't mind at all, since I don't sleep with two, but I don't know anyone that does. They don't have 4 pillows per bed, just so you know.The air conditioner is noisy when it starts up, and repetitively slows and steps on it. It's quiet for the most part, but it gets noisy when the temperature hovers above the temperature entered. It takes up a decent amount of space in the wall, but I don't really mind. The lid for the controls on the air conditioner is broken, but that won't be the case for every room I'm sure.There is a broken fire alarm hanging by a wire in the ceiling, not sure why. There's a new one in the side of the wall, not sure if its working cause it isn't blinking. I hope the sprinkler right next to it works too, because I don't want to die because of Circus Circus being too lazy to maintain the rooms.There are large mirrors outside of the bathroom, and I'm not sure why.The TV in the room is outdated. Forget the flat screens, go back to the olden days with the big chunky boxy TVs.Overall, not the best place, but I'm assuming it's the cheap alternative in Vegas. I didn't book this place, my touring company did, so I got nothing on the price.
1	Every year my family and I visit Las Vegas to get away and also to visit family. We wanted to do something fun while my parents were gambling to be entertained however it was an experience that makes us never want to go again! I know Vegas is more for the "mature" folks but I mean we want to enjoy ourselves too. **This review is mainly for the ARCADE AREA** Everyone working in the games area are roughly 16-20 years old, I understand this may be their first job okay whatever. Anyhow, the machines in the arcade are pretty old so some of them are bound to take a quarter here and there but not every other machine. Come on! I learned after the third time it happened to my sister. The game area is just unorganized. We tried finding someone to help us maybe point out the machines that were working properly but no I did not find anyone on site. I saw employees more worried about their social life with their coworkers. They were chatting away on the side. One girl was wearing these glasses with a large bow on the side of them looking very unprofessional. When I asked her for help with the ticket machine she just said "well it should've had a sign that says it didn't work" basically saying she couldn't do anything about what happened to my ticket receipt. Couldn't she just ask how many tickets the receipt was supposed to print? My siblings didn't have a lot of tickets only 107 but my little brother was so excited that it just really pissed me off. The gaming area did not look clean. There were bottles and cans along the games and I was just not impressed. I used to come here a lot when I was a kid but now my family and I won't be going back anytime soon. They need a better and more strict sort of management. It's just not the same. We are taking our money elsewhere. For example, the Orleans which is off the strip, is a better casino overall BY FAR! Movie theaters, arcades, bowling, a large buffet. Yea, sorry Circus Circus the only thing I will give you credit for are your pina coladas near the main entrance.  I forgot to mention the security guards are just rushing you when you are near the gambling area. I know they are supposed to keep clear but I was with both of my parents just waiting for my brother to get out of the bathroom. It's not like I'm going to run to the machine and start playing.
4	fun for children.....but the adults are the ones who make this place happen....Midway should stay open past midnight for the big kids
1	Kids everywhere, outdated. There were only 2 women checking in a massive line of people, and then the manager (not sure if that's his position) says that if we check in before 2pm we have to pay an additional $35- I stayed here to save some extra cash and was going to stay at a nicer hotel. Drove all the way from la for a convention show. NOT HAPPY. Do not stay here.Rooms smelled old and like weed. The ONLY PLUS was the sheets, they were nice.
1	I guess you get what you pay for.  I just needed a place to crash and wanted it to be cheap, and that's what I got.  My "non-smoking" room smelled like a two-pack a day shut in had lived there, there was trash under the bed (nothing scandalous, an empty water bottle and a potato chip bag), the safe had been closed by another guest and the ice machine didn't work.  None of these things is huge for me, but things add up.The check in experience was a zoo, with people everywhere, long lines and a strange amount of time to check in once I got to the front of the line.  The front desk clerk was very nice and seemed professional, but spent endless minutes inexplicably hitting the enter key, the arrow key, or clicking on something.  i thought I might unknowingly be in a comedy skit of some kind.I can't comment on the gaming experience or any other the other things Circus Circus has to offer, but after a 10 year absence from Las Vegas, this experience does not make me inclined to return, and if I do it will be to another hotel.The only positive aspect of my stay was a very low price and a resort fee that is lower and therefore a little less stupid than most other properties in Las Vegas.
1	Do. Not. Come here. This has been one of the worst hotel experiences I've had in my life, and I've had some pretty bad experiences. I urge anyone planning to book a couple nights at Circus Circus to read the entirety of my review which, please note, all took place in one night. First of all, we were charged an extra $10 per night in a mandatory fee that covers "free" wifi, and...uh...I don't even remember the rest because it was so useless or scammy. When asking the concierge about the hidden fee, he spoke to me and my family in a completely condescending, patronizing tone of voice, like we were dumb people. It infuriated me. He insisted the fee is stated clearly (it's not, I have hawkeyes) and then said "I don't have time to argue with you" when I asked where on the site it was mentioned. Next, the elevators are all rickety and one of them was broken. Not to mention numbers and buttons were scratched clean off. What a ****show. (BUT. HERE IS THE MEAT OF MY REVIEW. PLEASE READ!)To top things off, my room had a leak in the ceiling. I tried calling the front desk and got a voicemail the first time, request to "leave a message in the mailbox" the second time, and an unanswered call completely the last time. Then housekeeping insisted it was the air conditioning and sent me to a disconnected line. Last, the room maintenance guy (who I reached after four tries hitting some weird message/mailbox thing) told me he'd send maintenance crew to the room. Of course, the maintenance guy shows up an hour later, rubs the carpet (what?), holding a flashlight that is constantly flickering like a strobelight and just suggests I move to another room. He gave us a room on the 32nd floor with a lame excuse for a view of the strip and guess what? That concierge from earlier told us no room on that floor was available today. Ha. Then in the 32nd floor room, we opened the door to be greeted with a blast of cigarette odor. So we go downstairs and demand another room. We get a sorry from the supervisor, a few buffet coupons, and a new room with a draining problem in the bathroom. This "hotel," if it even deserves to be called that, is disgusting. Yes, it's cheap, but for a tiny bit more money, you can get a WORLD of a difference in quality. Save yourself. Stay away. Please.
2	This review is for the Arcade area.Stupid employees, stupid employees everywhere.Old machines, old machines everywhere.These arcade machines will make you lose money faster than the penny slots downstairs.I have a better chance of acquiring a tetanus infection from the machine than finding a good and working machine.I had to babysit.
1	Horrible!!!! We booked through Expedia and when I checked in they didn't have my reservations so they charged my card twice and said one would drop off. While walking to our room there was a girl unconscious and cops were trying to wake her, the hotel smelled like weed, and people were throwing their own parties in the parking lot... One word GHETTO!!!
1	Nasty, Smelly, Cheap and rude employeesI would not recommend this place at all its Nasty Discus sting, To start with parking smells like Drunk piss, Pool ugly and rooms Discuss ting we found moll in our room and then got transferred to a so called better suit that had glass melted into carpet, and the kids circus???? Circus is a joke and the McDonald in the place nasty Dirty staff with attitude. It was the WORST WORST experience everSaw a guy touching him self and staring at kids in pool area.  until i confronted him about it. keep your self and kids away from herePay the extra Money stay elsewhere
3	Oh hells nah!! No more $1 hot dogs and margaritas!! This is a travesty .. I've been coming to Circus Circus since the 80's as a young child and I definitely have some fond memories in the midway playing arcade all day and night long while my parents gambled .. but sadly the place is still in a time warp with it's atmosphere and now I prefer the newer luxurious casinos in town ..
1	You know how some people "take a break " from their kids . Well this place is where people like to take their kids to Vegas with them so that mommy and daddy can gamble and the kiddos can go to the arcade. My boyfriend has never been to Vegas and he wanted go check it out... I almost wanted to shoot myself in the head. The staff were rude. The hotel smelled. The buffet was horrible! It's 30 bucks a person and it tastes like shit! If you have kids you know that they would be begging you to go on the rides The wrist bands are 30 bucks and the rides by themselves are $5-8 dollars. Rock & Rita's was pretty good. That's one thing I did enjoy about circus circus. So bottom line if you don't like kids and you are thinking about staying here. You may not like it. But if you have kids and they are between the ages of 7-12 I think they'll enjoy it.
3	This hotel is very affordable so it is perfect for college students or people traveling on a low budget. The room is very spacious which is a plus. However, it was a non-smoker room and smelt like people have recently been smoking in there. The carpet is really dirty (and at some places wet for no reason) so I would not suggest walking there barefoot at all. The room is also very dusty. I always woke up with tearing eyes and a congested nose. The bathroom was big and clean, so were the towels. The room didn't have a fridge or minibar (in case you are thinking to bring some food, it will go bad).We also always had problems to get into our room as our keys didn't work well and we had to go get new keys a few times. Furthermore, the check-in took forever as there was a long line and only a few ppl working. Every time I passed the lobby there was always a long line. My check-in took me over half an hour. Overall the hotel is nice as it has lots to offer. Many little stores, restaurant inside. It also has roller coasters inside as well as free trapez shows. It is also kinda far off the main part of Las Vegas Blvd which was annoying as you have to walk a lot. However, if you simply look for a cheap and safe place to stay in Vegas and not too far away from the strip, this is a good place to be. If you look for something more comfortable I suggest you To take a different hotel.
2	Old and tired arcade.  It was OK for my 10 year old son to kill some time while his sisters went on the Stratosphere.  Circus acts are also beyond old and tired.  We spent $10 in coins, but it could be seriously much, much more.
2	I stayed at way worse, and I've stayed at way better. The price is definitely right. This place is definitely the most family orientated hotel/casino on the strip if that's what you're in to. The customer service could definitely use improvement. If you're a low frills type of person, go for it. If you're looking for a Vegas experience, keep looking.
2	I came here a lot with my parents when I was a kid, and it seemed like the greatest thing ever. However, they have done little to improve the place since then, and it seems to have steadily gone downhill.I stayed in the Manor Motor Lodge during my recent stay. Here are just a few of the things that sucked about it: there is no fridge, no microwave, and no coffeemaker; the outlets are loose and won't hold your plugs; I found several bugs. The wifi was pretty decent, but then again it should be for $10 bucks a day (aka the resort fee). The Midway, at least, has been updated. One of the last times I made my way there, everything was broken down, so it was nice to see they had fixed some of it up. However, so many of the games are like 2 bucks a pop, and all you win is this crappy little stuffed animal.  The circus acts are pretty cool, though. Oh, and they took away the Carousel Bar. Why?!There are so many other options on and off the Strip that you really don't have to settle for Circus Circus if you're looking for a cheap option. I really wish they would step up their game just a bit.
5	OK...I PROMISE YOU, THIS REVIEW WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN. I consider myself to be an EXPERT when it comes to staying and playing at Circus Circus. Why so? My parents first drug me there in 1994 when I was in the 4th grade and the strip looked WAY different than it does now. I am now 28 and have gone to Vegas probably over 20 times and every time we stay a few days at Circus Circus. I consider this place THE BEST deal and experience on the strip, no matter your age. LET ME BREAK IT DOWN:STAYING: CC has different room options to fit your budget. When we first started going there we would stay at the "motel-like" manor rooms, located OUTSIDE of the main building. The rooms are the least expensive and were clean and cozy. It has been many years since I have stayed in the manor rooms though. From my understanding they have not been remodeled like the newer rooms and towers. We have also stayed in the Skyrise Tower. These rooms are also very clean and nice, but I do not have believe they have been update yet. When we stay there, we always stay in either the West tower or Casino/Main tower. These two towers have very nice, updated rooms. This past time we stayed in the Main tower. The AC was freezing cold, rooms smelled fresh, clean carpets, PERFECT and COZY. No complaints. PLAYING: I was just at Circus Circus over Labor Day weekend. We were there for 4 days. My mom won $5,000....ON SLOT MACHINES while there...that should say something. Not only are the slots loose, but the table games usually have $5 minimums. The cocktail waitresses come by frequently because the hotel is smaller than mega resorts, and the dealers have been working there for much longer and usually have very interesting stories to share. This is one of the only places I know of that has a small section of slot machines that still uses COINS!! It is so cool to hear the clank of the dollar coins when you win :) GREAT PLAYING EXPERIENCE EVERY TIME WE VISIT!CHILDREN/ARCADE/ADVENTURE DOME: WARNING...WARNING...WARNING...During the day you will see children...sometimes LOTS of children. It can get annoying, not going to lie. HOWEVER, this shouldn't bother you too much for the following two reasons:1. If you have a family, then this is the place to BRING your children. You should be THANKFUL to CC as it is a very kid-friendly place. The adventure dome has thrill rides and lots of games. The arcade has video games, arcade games, and carnival games, and LOTS of cool prizes to be won. 2. If you DO NOT HAVE KIDS OR ARE NOT TRAVELING WITH KIDS, then you should be LIVING IT UP and partying and playing at night (while the kids are no longer walking around) and sleeping in during the day (when the kids are roaming around down stairs in the hotel. Therefore, you will likely avoid the mobs of kids that walk around during the day. NOTE: the summer months are particularly bad (lots of families with kids) any other time, it's actually pretty cleared out.DINING: CC has several yummy eateries. Though I have never been to their steakhouse, my parents have, and they say it is DELICIOUS. I do know that it has won "best in Vegas" for like a crazy number of years in a row. There is also lots of casual dining like McDonalds, Pizza, Krispy Kreme (aka donut heaven), and Rock n Ritas. My personal favorite place to eat the West Side Deli. This place is 24 hours and has AMAZING sandwiches (the hot pastrami is my favorite) as well as YUMMY chicken noodle soup and a strawberry shortcake that cannot be beat. LOCATION: Yes, CC is located in an area that is now a little more desolate than it once was. However, the Riviera and Slots of Fun are both a walk away AND both locations offer inexpensive table games :) ALSO, you can get to other hotels quickly. The Duece bus pick up is RIGHT OUT FRONT of Slots of Fun. You can take that bus anywhere you want to go up and down the strip and downtown. Other hotels, you usually have to do some far walking to catch the bus stop. POOL: Circus Circus has three pools. It has been a while since I have been, but here is what I can tell you. It is certainly going to be crowded during the summer months...but that's ANY pool in Vegas. Here is a secret...TRY TO GET INTO THE POOL FOR THE CAMPING GUESTS. Circus Circus is one of the only, IF NOT THE ONLY, property on the strip that lets you park your RV at the Las Vegas KOA location at Circus Circus. There is a pool for the camping guests, but it is very close to the main pool. The pool there is LARGER and LESS CROWDED. OTHER/GENERAL STUFF/TIPS: There are TWO valet areas. One up front, one in the back. If one is full, check the other. Circus Circus has improved with time. Some people think that it is old/outdated, but NO, I do not believe it is at all. In fact, I can say that I am impressed with their attempts to stay fresh and modern. I do wish they had wider walk ways, but that would be my only suggestion. Make sure to join the players club to earn awesome food/room comps while there. ENJOY!
4	It was my first time in Vegas and I booked a deal through southwest to fly there and stay in the Circus Circus, I had a fast check in, and it was a early check in and unlike other hotels I researched I paid a very minimal fee compared to others. we got to our room which was a standard room, but I wasn't planning on being in the room much only when it was time to sleep. they gave us a food credit which we used for $20 pitcher of margaritas that were strong and perfect! The walk to main drag of the strip was fine, not too long plus we could wander into all the hotels. The adventurdome was pretty neat and the acrobat show was free and interesting. I would stay here again.
4	Ok you guys are either overly thinking of this place or not seeing it for what it is. Ive stayed in Circus Circus  twice. First time I was like 10 years old (25 right now) and it was in the manor rooms this was ok. Though i went there a lot every time i go to vegas.2nd time was in June and the place has changed a bit room wise. I went for free through the MyVegas game on Facebook. Got a West Tower Room. The room was renovated clean with a flat screen. For people saying why pay for the resort fee. most hotels on the strip have them only way to get around them is with player comp which i use for my other times in Vegas.  The check in was fast as i had a comp card that had its own line.To get back onto the room yes I know I got in for free but I did check the room to see what bargain I was getting. The rooms for the price are great for a Sunday-Thursday at about $30 is a great deal. Yes its far from the strip but just use the bus( quick tip if you buy your day pass from a local bus its only $5 not $7 like the deuce) Yes you can pay more for luxury and so on but come on if your in Vegas the room is only for some certain things, sleep, shower, hold your stuff. Not going to lie when I have comp i get the best room I can get but who doesn't.The resort is what it is its made for children and people not really into gambling. yes it has its stuff but this place is a budget resort. The pool is for kids no adult partying in this place, but you can get to most hotel's pools now if you pay. The food is alright its not great. I would just make the short trip to Wynn/Encore for better food. Adventuredome needs new rides it had the same stuff when i was a kid i only went there to not waste the free coupon.  Conclusion. If you are looking something close to the strip to just walk this place is not really for you but as I said their are ways to get there for cheap. The room is what it is great value for a nice room. You get what you pay for but just remember all you need in Vegas is that room to have fun with. gambling dining clubbing are what your there for anyways. So why not save on the room to get more money for that.  yes there is a $10 a night resort fee but thats cheap the nice hotels charge $15-20. Just remember if you have a chance in vegas get every casinos comp card it will save you headaches they charge the cheapest online and usually wave the fees. 3rd party website are only good for non gambling casinos.hoped this helps ignore the 1 star reviews they were looking for luxury while paying the price for regular. Of course your going to get that. Thats why the expensive hotels cost that much.
5	When you stay here you get what you pay for. Don't expect it to be a top of the line fancy hotel. It is a very nice hotel and the staff is very nice. They were very understanding of my service dog and even told us were the closest exit from our room was to take him out to potty. We stayed there on a super busy weekend so it was pretty crowded. The dome area was fun as well as the arcade games. I would def recommend this hotel to families. Our room was really nice..a bit above the quality we were expecting! Everything was clean and newer looking. Very large - as we need wheelchair accessible room. The food was good but a little pricey (which is expected)...I loved that they have an Annie Anns in the hotel!!! Only thing I wish was better is that they had a bigger pool. Its was 120+ outside and the pool was WAY to crowded.Overall its was great.
4	I had booked an online deal that got me a very good price. However I found out I was staying at the manor motor lodge. Me and my husband decided we would prefer to stay in the actual Circus Circus. They allowed us to upgrade for only 20$! We stayed in the west tower on the 34th floor. It was super nice. No complaints about the room. It was way fun to wander the whole place. It's huge. However not within walking distance to many of the main attractions. And lots of kids.
3	Cant believe these low reviews lol.....if you want better then by all means go spend $500 a night at the Bellagio
2	Stayed here on a whim with a girlfriend.... not close to the strip and in a seedy area of town. The rooms were not nice and the bathroom soap was not appealing! The windows opened up all the way leaving a  great bottle opener for our beers along the ledge. I am not sure I would want to take my children there for fun..... but I am sure if your on a tighter budget and just want to have a carnival ride and game weekend, its great.
2	This place is creepy.
1	My mother insisted on staying at Circus Circus during our recent trip to Vegas, I believe she wanted this hotel over others, because she was enjoyed when we went there as a kid. oh how things change! It takes forever to check in. I have never seen such a line, plus just standing in the line for a second, I knew there was definitely some ghettos at the hotel. Then, after that whole ordeal, we walk to our room and the hallway stinks of sour milk! The whole hotel feels like it hasn't been cleaned in a LONG time. it's as if Circus Circus takes no pride in its image, and relies on its cheapness to get by... If you wanna be cheap in Vegas and you don't care about the room and just about price choose circus circus. if you want a nice experience or it's your first time to Vegas please choose a different hotel. It's totally worth the extra money btw!
5	What can I say about this place? The hotel section actually has no smoking signs. The general demographic seems to be people from all over the world. I got a free upgrade to a better room at the same rate. I had a ton of fun at the Adventuredome theme park which has places to smoke just outside a thin glass door. I saved by using their McDonald's open for breakfast-dinner. I don't know what kind of lifestyle you lead, but I was much more comfortable in this atmosphere than if I was at the much more ritzy Paris Hotel & Casino. I never felt like my kids were in danger, and I always wanted to be anywhere but my awesome hotel room so I could be doing any of the number of things to do at this place. I literally just came from Disneyland the day before, and had much more fun between gambling, shopping, rides, and booze. This will always be my 1st choice for Vegas. 5 stars! Note: The dart game gives a prize to 12 and under no matter what.
1	This was absolutely the worst hotel experience in Las Vegas! The overall condition of the hotel is old and crapy, even for a hotel on budget. The hotel staffs were not helpful. The house keeping is absolutely a nightmare! We found a pair of old socks left by the previous customers on the day we checked in! The AC unit was as loud as a chainsaw. The bathtub tap never stops stripping, and was impossible to be completely shut off. It took literally more than a half an hour for the security to come to open doors, when both of our key cards were deactivated for no reason! If you want a nightmare experience in Las Vegas, the hotel would be a great option! Even if you are looking for a hotel on budget, do not consider this one. There are plenty on the ends of strip which is at or below the price level here.
2	I was just there this weekend and had a very disappointed with one of your employees at the Midway at a Bushel Barrel game, I gave her a $10 asked her to give me two balls she was getting ready to give me back my change of $9 and I get near and tell her once more in a nice matter and softly since it's a senior lady, it's two balls (they are $1 each ball per play) and all of sudden she goes crazy on my saying 'get back, get back no touching' in front of a lot of people, it was quite humiliating as some by standers started laughing, and at that moment I told her 'Forget it' grabbed my $10 from the counter and walked away. It is unfair to drive 200+ miles to stay at your hotel, spend money on slots, and arcade games, souvenirs with my family to get this kind of treatment. Now the Hotel is decent if you stay in the West or Casino Towers, they are clean, and the room keepers are nice. Check in time is chaos! so be prepared! Overall our stay was decent, but I doubt we will be staying here on our next visit to Las Vegas, they need to improve their customer service first!
3	Room was clean, dated looking, big shower, pleasant employees. Went to Fremont St - took the "Deuce" bus there. Rough group of people but a cool place to go.
4	Circus Circus is a great value even with the stupid resort fee. At least here they give you a coupon book worth $150 in savings at the casino, shops, midway and adventure dome. Some coupons such as two free midway games, $5 off an aqua massage, free drink coupons and match play just to name a few. We stay in the West Tower room because its closer to check in and valet and they are remodeled.  Check in can be nightmarish because they always understaff but remember they are open 24 hours and the bell desk is in the same area. If you don't want to wait check your bags in, go have fun and check in your room later.Our rooms have always been clean although you do get some idiots smoking in non smoking rooms which is just plain ignorance but not the hotels fault.Overall, Circus Circus is legit and all the reviews posted are pretty much on point but we don't care this is our hotel of choice when visiting Las Vegas!
1	Where do I start....So we book a room to Circus Circus from one of those discount websites.  It was a great deal, half price and close to everything we wanted to visit.We get to the hotel and once we find our way to guest registration we are greeted by someone who clearly was at the end very long shift and wasn't at all pleased with the idea of checking anyone else in.  She very unceremoniously informs us that the room we booked wasn't available and we will be placed in another room.  No apology, no compensation.  When we asked if there was another available room that we could perhaps pay to upgrade to she simply said "No".  I also found it a little unsettling that there was a resort fee on top of what we had already paid online.  It was nice to hear that this resort fee did come with access to their wifi.  I try to not let my experience at guest registration ruin my trip so I head to our room, which mind you is literally as far away from guest registration as you could get and still be considered Circus Circus.  Our room was in the very back of their property in what I'm guessing is one of the original buildings from when Circus Circus was built.  If the decor was any indicator it was some time in the 60s, probably the last time our room saw any real attention.  We settle into the room and I attempt to connect to the wifi I was told about at the front desk.  The one thing I'm thinking is probably the only thing I'll get of use out of this resort fee I paid.   To my surprise I find that there is no available wifi.   None of this was all that terrible really, it was a cheap price and really how much time do you want to spend in your hotel when you're in Las Vegas?  The real problem came with the paper thin walls.  I could hear people in the adjoining rooms as if they were in my room with me.  Being Las Vegas no one sleeps, ever, so clearly I was a fool to think I should expect any sleep.  In the end it was all too much for me and my trip was cut short.  After driving for nearly 5 hours and getting almost no sleep I opted to drive home.
2	My experience here was rather decent though you have to really put into context what you are really getting for your money and the experience you should expect to receive. All the negative reviews really do not do this location justice, as they are mainly slanders of an old casino which has some family elements present. I spent a few nights here taking advantage of a $30.00 a night deal being offered.The locations room's have seen a small upgrade in the main tower with modified bathrooms, bedding, and televisions. We stayed here for a total of 4 nights, which were ok until the 3 night when our neighbour took their room over. The connecting wall / door does little to nothing to block the sounds from the other rooms and hallway making for a unpleasurable experience depending on who rooms next to you. However the room was in no way furnished the same way as our other room we had reserved here; meaning, there was a lack of a sitting chair and a floor lamp which our other room did have inside. There are no iceboxes but there is a ice machine on every floor, and the safe located in one of our rooms was permanently locked. House keeping was diligent and serviced our rooms daily, too bad the towels were a little rough... The resort fee includes WiFi which was not too terribly slow, free parking, and access to the outdoor pool. The pool itself has seen better days and lacks any real heating, which makes it a little dissatisfying compared to other hotels on the strip - also the hot tub area is rather poor too.  Walking around the establishment you will have wished to have dropped LSD to enjoy the insanity of the experience. In no way shape or form should this casino be regarded as anything less than a former glorious dive of a strangely themed casino. Some how playing slots on a spinning carousel does not really hit home with myself, and I found a lot of the "entertainment" to be too childish and geared for children.  The tables are cheap and filled with boring dealers who loathe the fact they are working at Circus Circus - maybe if they all had red clown noses the experience for myself would been more pleasurable.For the children the second floor of the casino floor has arcade games, prizes, and entertainment for the whole family.The arcade games are nearly all broken and boring, I found myself wondering why I wasted a Dollar on a machine that does not properly work or look like it has been updated in years. Food selection offered is a joke and I will not write about them except for The Steakhouse which in a Chuck E Cheese's for adult's is the only reputable place to dine on the property. This location offers a AVIS rent a center for drop-offs and pick-ups, a Tix 4 Tonight, and a multiple rollercoaster theme park. During October the location becomes horror themed and has been well received from others reviews I've read. If this location did not have some the cheapest rooms in town during my stay I would have never considered the Circus Circus as anything more than a jokeish nightmare to stay at for a few days. I can say however that it was not as bad as I initially thought but will never return unless there is a huge revamp and a change of theme. 2 Stars - the location is very cheap and offers unbeatable deals for rooms but at the sacrifice of the style and sophistication most places now represent on the strip.
1	The experience was fairly decent, despite the LONG check-in line and no fridge in the room. The kicker however was the power-tripping security guard who would not let me communicate with my Mom or 88 y.o. Grandmother while I was holding my toddler since we were somewhere near a slot machine. Really, someone else can hold the baby?! Awful logic!
3	They friggin' got rid of the Star Wars slots... eh...  That was literally the reason I stayed here, we no longer do.  Sad ;(
1	This place is crap.  I know it's only $70.00 a night but this place is a dump.  We picked a non smoker room.  And the room smells like cigarette smoke.  The bathroom was the worst.  Pubic hair everywhere and sink was dirty.  The bed sheets was so dirty I don't even want to know what kind of stain was on it.  The pillow case stinks also.  The a/c unit was blowing stinky air so we can't use it.  We have to open the window.  People was drinking in the hallways and the lobby.  This place is ghetto stay away I warned you.
4	We came for a weekend birthday trip to Vegas and decided to stay at Circus Circus for the value. There was some trouble with booking online-and that was disconcerting, but parking and checking in to the actual hotel was fine. There was a line, but it went smoothly. We stayed in the West wing on the 12th floor, and  my only disappointment at first was the lack of a view. The plus? Since we asked for a smoking room, there were no kids running up and down the halls! The decor was very nice neutral hotel- no clown pictures in sight! The glitch came when the plumbing went bad- I took a shower no problem in the morning, but an hour later when my boyfriend went to shower it was backed up and had black grease or something in it. It took an hour of several phone calls- by that time the water had gone down and we just wanted housekeeping to clean the tub out. Instead, we were moved to a mini-suite on the same floor! We were surprised, but pleasantly. The only bad part was schlepping our stuff- and we chose to do that rather than call the bell hop up to move us a few doors down. :0 Late check out is available- it cost us 20.00 more to stay until three which is fine with me. Over all, not a bad experience, friendly and accommodating staff, and the Peppermill just down the street!
4	The overall rating here is not accurate. There are bad ratings from the past when the place ran down. They have recent new ownership, have been renovating, and carpenters and workers there told me it's a thousand percent finer than a few years ago. I never found a sign of trash or smell or even wear, though the reviews here had me really wary.It's very clean, has plenty of nice clean and useful shops, and though I looked hard, I saw no riff raff  or slummish looking patrons. The older reviews had me completely paranoid, but, honestly, it was as pristine as Disneyworld.In fact I would give the hotel a rating of 3.1. making it ballpark with Caesars, etc. My room and experience met 3 star hotel standards (including card access room entry, electronic room safe, iron, cable TV, checkout from TV menu), but I give extra due to their sensible check-in approach. During "rush hour" not only did they have lots and lots of agents, but even had one to guide you to the next open window. That's very smart and the Flamingo could learn how to run a check-in from them.Negative: it's a hike from other strip hotels, and even a small hike from L. V.  Blvd. .  (Riviera is the nearest and you probably won't bother with them except for inexpensive food court, and some nice old arcade machines like pinball.) But it's practically as safe as all of the rest of the strip. Bums don't start appearing until you get near Stratosphere to the north.The coupon book you get at check-in is worth perusing. 26 of them might be blah, but 4 really excellent. Like a FREE RIDE on their IMO quite righteous indoor roller coaster next door.As to kids and "the circus" : there's nothing ghetto about letting the tofu and sushi crowd have their wraps and $5 waters down at Planet H. and the Forum shops, but you watching the free circus acts and challenging the arcade games. It's just like the county fair but a little more winnable, and there really aren't that many kids, and they're accompanied by adults so they don't run around and push and such. I'm saying - as an adult, you'll HARDLY NOTICE THEM.Yes reviewers are right, the Pizzeria is first class. But allow 20 or more likely 30 minutes for cooking.The impression from some reviewers is that this is only a place for taking kids. Nonsense. It's a completely legit. hotel, casino, clean and safe and sufficiently upscale, but all of this at a sweet discount price. You should jump all over it.My room was 8th floor of "Casino Tower."  If there was a pool, I never found it.The Fascist "Las Vegas resort fee" (charged at all Strip hotels, I'm told, but amount varies between hotels) - $11 for one night stay.P.S. I've also heard mocking of the decor. Nonsense. No orange curtains and velvet clown pictures. I only saw small accents, like look at the front desk counter near the floor to see subtle images of clown faces (you have to look for them - subtle). I can't tell the difference between this place and Bally's.
4	Diana checked us in. She was such a sweetie. We came to Vegas for my friends 21st birthday and decided to stay at Circus Circus for the value. Overall the rooms that we got were very clean. They had so many little shops to go to. They even have a mini theme park that surprisingly was awesome!
1	Had to almost walk a mile just to get to our room which was in the Manor Motor Lodge.  HORRIBLE room considering we paid over $100 for the room.  I guess you don't get much for that.  Room was old and UGLY!!  AC wasn't working correctly and they came out right away to fix it and called to make sure it was done after which was kinda nice.  Hotel was GHETTO!  I would never stay here again!!!  Person that checked us in was pretty nice at least.
2	I considered giving 3 stars but based on our checkout they dropped another star. My husband and I checked in with a friend making it a total of two rooms. We booked over the phone and we're told that our rooms were recently renovated and would be in there sky rise tower. So as we check in to this sky rise tower we are shocked at the old rooms, smelling like an ash tray for non-smoking rooms with no a/c on. I called immediately about our concerns and the front desk kindly moved us to the west tower at no upgrade fee. Now, if this is all that would have happened along our stay I could have rated them 4 stars. Now we are settled in and very happy with our new rooms. One night after seeing a show we come back late to find that our friends key isn't working and need to reach front desk to issue a new key. The front desk tells us their machines are down and might take up to 30 minutes to restore but they will call security to let him in. My husband and I are off to bed thinking our friend will have no issues with his room but yet security is unable to open the door and now needs to call a locksmith (by this time it's almost 4:30 am) and we all needed sleep. Locksmith shows up and opens room after almost an hour of waiting and tells my friend that he might not be able to get back in tomorrow and will have to call for another locksmith to replace the lock. The next morning I call front desk and share our concerns and they offer us nothing but an apology. We had to call a locksmith for a lock that wasn't our problem, spend the next hour in a half getting the lock replaced. At this point I am very upset that our friend had to be put through such a hassle caused by Circus Circus and no one even bothered to show their concerns about our stay. I had to speak to management at which they offered us a credit for our friends room of the resort fee a whopping $46. The story continues but I choose to let the other minor things slip off, like the total b**ch at the front desk who gave no concern for great customer service and had an attitude with the guest before me and then treated us the same. Ironically she didn't wear a name tag because she probably gets called out all the time for her shitty service. Bottom line, our rooms were nice but will consider the way we have been treated by this hotel for any future visits.
3	Circus Circus is the first hotel I ever stayed at on the strip (multiple occasions) and is one of the oldest left standing.  The Hotel itself is comprised completely of clowns and other circus type paintings, colors and is even designed to resemble that of a Circus tent.Although the Hotel is old it does feature a great amusement park inside complete with a roller coaster and various other rides as well as one of the best video arcades on the strip.  The slots are decently priced and pay out fine and the buffet is a great bargain.  What they place lacks in the charm and elegance of some of the new larger Hotels such as The Venetian, The Bellagio, The Wynn or Hard Rock it makes up for in charm and its inviting family like feel.  Circus Circus regularly will hold shows in the middle of the floor of the casino throughout the day to entertain the guests.  The rooms are nice enough and a lot more affordable than the aforementioned new Hotels on the strip and most people in Vegas typically spend minimal time in their rooms anyway.  Is the place outdated?  Absolutely but it is also a fixture on the strip and one of the few remaining places with old school Vegas written all over it.  Some minor remodeling wouldn't kill them but they do not want to kill the charm that has remained throughout the years.  If you are looking for a great place for the kids while you gamble this may be the best place for you.
5	I am giving a 5 star mainly because of how attentive the staff has been to any issue I've had. The hotel is not a luxury hotel, but is clean and nice. When I initially got the room, they broke down the fees "hotel, resort fee for this day, and that day, and tax, etc" it was clear and there were no surprises. I had an issue with the wifi in the room, and the staff on the phone walked me through tech settings. The issue was beyond that, and they said they would send someone to reset the network in the building and I would have internet in the next 20 minutes. I thought they were just brushing me off, but they really did fix the issue. Just general friendliness from the customer service people. I'd recommend it.
3	it's cheap, you get what you pay for, and rooms are relatively quiet.  Yes, it is smoky but guess what, you're in Vegas...My only gripe, why did I spend 30min in line waiting to check into the hotel? more time in line means less time gambling or going to their amusement park.  you'd think they'd want you to spend more money at their "resort"
1	You get what you pay for.  I wish I had realized this before booking a room there through Orbitz.  We stayed in the most elegant section of the hotel called "The Manor", which was truly awful.  You exit the main building, walking across a street of traffic, through an unrestricted parking lot where anyone can access, to one of five standalone buildings where you have no access to any amenities (unless, of course, you trek back into the main building).     Our room smelled, and our curtains (being on the ground floor) didn't close all the way and left a crack through which someone could peek through walking by.   Needless to say we didn't stay there that night, and we high-tailed it out of there and booked elsewhere.   While trying to save money by being really cheap through Orbitz and staying at Circus Circus, I ended up spending double what I wanted to spend.   You get what you pay for.   It's my own fault for not understanding the room situation before I booked.  blech!
3	Stayed at the manor. Room was clean but did not feel safe walking around at night even to my car which was just parked outside my room. It was the cheapest deal online glad I came here only for business. There was a guy with no shoes on outside smoking. Had some kids call me aye foo, do you have a light?  It feels ghetto and trashy. I would book again for the price but would not leave the room. If I was coming here with friends this would be the last option.
2	BE CAREFUL NOT TO BOOK "MANOR" ROOMS. They are like a motel in back of the main property, not connected to the main hotel. It's a far and lonely walk from strip back to your room. You get that warm safe feeling that you get in the Wynn. If the accountants and execs at MGM are wondering why their company is hemorrhaging cash Circus Circus is the place to look. The property is in tear down condition and no one is in the Casino. There is an entire floor of games but I still wouldn't bring kids here. The Luxor is a much better place to take your family, please don't take them here. Two stars only because the price is right.MGM executives, board members, and shareholders. I am now talking directly to you. Circus Circus is breathing it's last breaths. The selling of gaudy Mercedes and Playboy branded rapper/thug necklaces tells me this. No educated person(people with money) would wear these. Casino/hotel competition is pretty stiff. If you do decide redevelop I would go heavy in the shopping store theme. There is a paradigm shift in the Vegas business model toward shopping from gaming. Your second and I think best option would be to prep the property for sale.
3	Great for kids. If you do not have kids dont go. There is no real reason too. The manor rooms suck and are far. The pools is ok. The tower rooms are much better. I would expect worse from the tower rooms, but they actually are decent. The casino is fun. Beer is ok for the strip. Buffet is horrible. Id only come here if you are on a budget and have kids.
1	Why did I walk back into this place?  I knew it was going to be a disappointment before I went there....but my friends insisted on checking it out for old times sake.  Maybe I though it has improved since I moved away from Vegas a few years ago....or perhaps I was holding on to the past when I remembered this place as a fun joint...silly me.The place is smoky and the crowd here is rough.  I didn't feel safe walking to/from the parking lot.The slot machines were busy and we didn't want to pull out our money on the blackjack tables with the rough looking crowd for fear we'd get jacked in the parking lot.  We wanted to go to the Steakhouse for dinner, but we just couldn't stand being on the property, so we decided to leave and go somewhere else.  I'm not coming back anytime soon.Return Factor - 1%
3	At Circus-Circus right now. It's okay, but that's about it. Good for kids with the arcade and the circus show. The "Fitness Center" is pathetic, small, old and limited equipment. Not a fitness center at all. Food is pricey. We came here for the "family friendly" atmosphere and aren't gambling so can't say much about the casino. The Adventure Dome is great for kids, but they should have included it or at least sharply reduced admission price with the hotel cost. WiFi took a while to access, but good 3/4 bar signal is okay. Wouldn't stay here again. Oh well....
1	Wow, I dont even know where to start on this review.Almost everything about the circus circus experience was horrible.From check-in to check-out.  Our room was so old and outdated, the tv must have only been 18 inches (non flat screen), and there was dust all over it!!!  The plug jacks were falling out of the walls, we had a non-smoking room that was obviously never really a non smoking room.  And I hate to sound crude, but the shower curtain had poop on it, like someone used it after they ran out of toilet paper (and no it wasn't us)The customer service at this hotel was the worst I have ever ever experienced in my life.  Rude, not helpful, mean ugh I could go on.  And it was every employee i encountered was this way....maybe thats how they train them??? There is NO ventilation in this hotel....Normally its expected but in such a kid friendly environment I would think it would be better.....the kids arcade was just of old stale smoke!!!  My son couldn't breath and ended up very sick !!! I, myself am a smoker and my lungs hurt from all the smoke and no ventilation. Room service got our order wrong, the Mexican restaurant got our order wrong.  The billions of sales people stalking you all over the whole hotel was out of control.I could go on and on for days about certain situations while here but i would never have enough time......I will never ever go back to this hotel again and if I were anyone thinking of going I would re think it.....especially if you have young kids or kids with asthma or respiratory issues.  Circus circus you should be ashamend
1	Do not I repeat do not stay here. There are so many better options in Vegas. This place was absolutely filthy and I didn't feel like a VIP that's for damn sure. I felt like we were standing in a social services line for government aid when checking in.The line was super slow. I would never stay here again unless they did a total renovation and gave me an offer I couldn't pass up.
1	This hotel deserves no stars! We planned to stay here during the pigskin youth football tournament for five days. This being my first time in Vegas I didn't know better. However upon entering the lobby I just knew I was in for disappointment.  After waiting about an hour to check in to my supposedly renovated room I got off the elevator and walked down the hallway past a sopping wet ceiling panel above a garbage can in the middle of the floor surrounded by caution tape. I was shocked to say the least but kept walking to my room anyway.The room smelled like urinal cakes and the sheets and drapes were stained. I couldn't bare to spend a night there and left immediately. The worst thing about this whole experience is that I came to find out that this hotel is owned by MGM resorts international which owns about 12 hotels on the strip including Aria and the Bellagio for crying out loud! People bring their kids to stay here and this is how they are treated. Whether you're a billionaire or just the average joe you ought to be treated with respect and dignity wherever you spend your money and Circus Circus does neither. MGM should be ashamed of this and I feel terrible for all the people who came with their kids and had no other choice of accommodation.
1	I hate it I stays there for a night and found a ball of hair next to my bed .the bathroom smell n the shower wasn't clean.never will I stay there again .
3	If you need something different to do with your kids, take them for the free circus acts.  It's like a super scaled back cirque du soleil.Layout here is harder to navigate than most. And the decor is creepy. Go with the circus tents and acrobats for a classier feel and lose the clowns. The outside looks like a giant paedo-trap.
2	I stayed at west tower, it was ok, rooms smelled great and clean, affordable.The buffet was awful. Next time I will pick another hotel.
4	Well, its not the bellagio but it wasnt bad. My room key didnt work but it was because it got demagnetized when i put it in my pocket next to my phone. Its weird that it was so sensitive but they took care of it and i kept it in my other pocket and it was fine. There was no bad smells of smoke, piss, vomit, or anything else anywhere, just a few smokey areas in the casino near the tables where you would expect it. Everyone was friendly, ran into a broken prize ticket game and they gave me 200 tickets for the inconvenience and when i cashed them in, the lady gave my 1 year old a free toy. Food was good, room was clean, casino was nicer than i expected. I dont know if the experience is different from room to room or tower to tower, but the west tower was ok for me. I was expecting the worst from reading all the bad reviews but its not what i got. Just thought i would give a good review where it deserved.
1	This place is sketch central. Out room was located in what seemed like a trailer park across the street from the main resort. It was so incredibly sketchy that it even had two signs with red font on the door saying "Make sure the door is locked at all times". The whole place is just dirty and trashy. Add another $50 a night and stay at the Paris for a normal Vegas experience.
1	This place is gross. The pizzeria is gross, the barista and bagel place are also gross. It smells gross, it looks gross, everything seems to be coated in some sticky sweet bullshit left behind by families of long ago. I'm sure it hasn't had a carpet cleaning in decades. I didn't try any of the other eating spots because the coffee and cinnamon roll I had at Barista were literally the most disgusting things ever. I almost asked for my money back but I didn't even want to talk to them. And NO SOY or almondMilk!!!! It's really not too much to ask. Get that shit. Figure out your gross hotel.
2	I remember back in the 80's, Circus Circus was the place to gamble and stay before the Mirage opened. Now, it's just a complete dump that had a few renovations over the years with the smell of piss as their hotel fragrance.This hotel is on the same league as the Excalibur, Luxor, Riviera, and the Quad. Located on the north part of the strip in a bad area, I wouldn't walk outside towards the main part of the strip, (Caesar's Palace, Mirage, Treasure Island, Venetian, the Flamingo Hotel) but if you insist of walking outside at night to gaze in the Vegas lights. Stay with a big group and ladies, carry pepper spray if you're traveling alone. The one thing I like about Circus Circus is the price and the cheap eats compared to the strip. Although the casino is not as fancy as the newer hotels, I love playing the clown slots and some of the staff was ok in terms of customer service. The clientele reflects the condition and price of the hotel. Entertainment options like the infamous, Free Circus Acts, the huge arcade, and the Adventure Dome (Formally the Grand Slam Canyon) are what draws me back to Circus Circus.
3	This place is SUPER OLD! It's basically ancient, but it's the best place for kids to stay at. Their amusement park, arcade, and Midway are by far the best entertainments for 18-
5	Honestly I read a lot if bad reviews about this place but if you have kids this hotel is perfect for a fun family environment!!
4	We loved this place totally! You might complain that this place looks old (it does look a little old as compared to the newer ones) but the hotel was good. We just felt like our childhood was here as we played some insane games here !!There's a trapeze show (and some others too) every hour in the evening and it was a lot of fun. The room was decent .
2	I will rate 1. Hotel, 2. Casino, 3. Kids venue, 4. Overall quality1. Hotel rooms are okay 3.5 stars. The elevator system gets (1-generous heavy weighted star). We stay here every year and its the same thing every year. When 10:30 to 11 AM rolls around, everybody is trying to get out of the building, however the elevators are so slow that it takes 40-minutes to get down. By the time it gets to your floor they are already full. If you don't have luggage, take the stairs, but if you do, prepare to wait for a ride and stop on every floor.!! THE ELEVATORS SUCK.!!!!!2. Smokey Casino is okay, nothin special, 3-stars.3. (2-stars) The smokey mid-way is old and could use a overhaul, but my 5-year old son knows no difference and loves it. The circus acts are entertaining too, this is why we come back every year. Very crowded so get used to bumping into folks. Adventure dome is fun too, but pricy. (Not smokey) The rides seem a little old and a little young for my 5-year old, so we didn't spend much time there this year. (3-stars).4. Overall, this place is okay (2-stars), very smokey, pricy food, dirty, old; nice upgraded rooms but getting out during checkout time is a challenge because of the  HORRIBLE ELEVATOR  system. Circus Circus gets a well deserved 2-stars mostly because of the smokey venue and horrible elevators.
3	A very old smelling casino with dirty carpets, it definitely looks its age in comparison to the newer ones, or even ones the same age. Idk how the rooms look, I imagine not all that great, and its on the upper end of the strip so it's quite a walk if you're staying at the more popular ones, but that can be easily remedied by catching the Deuce, which stood right in front. this place's saving grace is definitely it's theme park, which is really fun for all ages, and the fact that it has circus acts from morning to evening in its pretty big arcade park, the acts themselves are actually pretty good too. Circus Circus is definitely for families and the young at heart, and it's worth stopping by to check out these things  :-)
2	Never will I book to stay at this hotel with my family again. The pictures online do not compare to the condition of the hotel is. The entire casino is NOT smoke free and the smoke just stays in place. No filtering system in place.Restaurants inside were okay, but most of the staff were not very customer friendly. If you are having an off day do not step into this hotel.
2	Never again. Disappointed. If you plan on going with children please be aware that the place is a heavy hot box. Rooms were decent.
1	This is an old family style hotel, which is evident in the lack of hotel room mini bar, which was given a circus theme.Our room: Although spacious, upon entering the first light switch was blown which meant you had to fumble through the room to find a working lamp. The bathroom also needs some serious attention as there are water stairs on the walls and the shower cannot fully be turned off, meaning you listen to dripping water all night. The lack of mini bar, fact there is no menu for room service or television channels was also a negative. The hotel: This is an older hotel so between the old and worn carpets alongside the serious spend required to update the whole building, this is not a place for lovers or high-rollers. This is a hotel for families. The hotel in general smells of stale cigarettes and while the staff checking in are tops... This has to be more about the hotel. All said, if you we coming to Vegas with a group of money minded friends to get hammered and visit another casino you should be fine. If you are working, go somewhere with good wifi and a clean shower. Not Circus Circus.
3	we had a good time with our nephew here who won a few stuffed animals for our baby. sure it's a zoo, or rather a circus, but i think it's just fine for what it is. just bring lots of hand sanitizer and avoid all the kiddie germs.big extra props to the worker who saw our stroller and puzzled looks and led us thru the back way over to the midway.
1	I cant believe! I came here with my friends.someone took a lot of our money. Around 1000$.I asked a security what wrong with a door,its locked last night and opened in the morning.he said he didnt know, he had to check everything and let we know if he know  something.oh my god.they dont have camera and we cant check .i never come back again.
1	Very bad hotel.  There is no ventilation in the rooms, everything is really old.  Also, it's in a bad part of Vegas. The whole experience has been terrible
2	Only reviewing the breakfast buffet.$15 per person, best deal on the strip. The food is decent, when you remember what you are paying and where you are paying. The made to order omelet station is outstanding, delicious and fresh, you can also substitute egg whites which I liked. They have EVERYTHING here. Eggs, bacon, ham, sausage, biscuits and gravy, country fried "steak", pancakes, waffles, "special" eggs, rice, beans, french toast...I could go on. It's huge and you won't go hungry. Being a little hungover going in it was the perfect way to satisfy my need to eat a lot of really bad food. They also have an assortment of pastries and fruits if you're interested. Side note: this place actually feels like a circus. There were SO many unsupervised children running around it was out of control. They are all crying and screaming and throwing food everywhere. It felt like a trashy Denny's. I don't think I would ever eat here again.
4	This is one of my favorite places to gamble in Vegas. I basically came to this casino as a kid and spent hours in the arcade. It is a great place for children to win toys and adults to gamble. There is also a free circus act show that is fun to watch up in the arcade. I would recommend signing up for the rewards membership if you are an adult!
4	Love it here. Food is decent. Arcade for kids and Free Circus Acts. All the service here is great.Good Place Overall Only downside it is away from the nice parts of the Strip
1	Seriously,  the people that bring their children here should not be parents.  The place smells like cigarettes and urine,  everything is dingy, shady people all over...  Need I say more? I walked around just to see if this place lived up to the reputation it has,  and honestly a place with an on-site trailer park and stores shilling 99 cent jewelry in glass display cases as high end merchandise really doesn't strike me as kid friendly.
1	HorribleThat is how I describe this place. Check-in SUCKS . 30 Guest standing in Line but 3 employees working. Employees no smile on there face as if are forced to work. I only stay at this place just because my 2 small kids.Nothing good about this place. No microwave and refrigerator. Wifi free but very SLOW.
3	Ok, it gets three stars. Last year, two. What's changed? The smell of smoke is getting further and further away.We stayed in the West Tower. Avoid Manor court unless you're budget bound. In January, the pool is closed. Fuggetaboutit.There are small improvements. Food is just a bit better, like coffee. The shops aren't mindless tchotchke stores, although they get there.Then there are the time-share buzzards that troll the lobby, dressed like they were hotel staff. They chat you up like a Turkish rug salesperson, offering free tickets, but it's all about selling time-shares. These trolls seemed to be sanctioned by the hotel, which dropped the entire rating from a four to a three-star. Add in the Resort Fee, which ought to be illegal, and the price of Circus Circus gets less and less attractive. Maybe I should go back to a two-star. Nah. The rest of the staff was pretty helpful.
2	Stayed here on two different occasions. The first was in the West Tower. Clean & remodeled. The second was in the Casino Tower. One word: COCKROACH. It also smelled strongly of detergent and the carpet was worn and badly stained.I did like that there were shops and many places to dine at. Also, another plus was the large variety of slot machines.If you want to avoid all the children, go while school is in session. We last stayed here in early November and it was really mellow.
3	It's hard to rate a place like Circus Circus. Most only stay at this hotel for budget reasons, and even when most KNOW what they're getting themselves into, they still backpedal and complain. "You get what you pay for!" Remember that saying?You want to for a 'cheap' hotel? Well, you're going to get one. I chose to stay at Circus Circus for budgetary reasons, and It wasn't bad for the amount of money I paid. I booked through hotels.com and paid about $30/night for their newly renovated West Tower. The check-in lady gave us a room on the highest floor, and faced us towards the strip. I don't mind our hotel being at one end of the strip than the middle for what I was shelling out. Our room was clean, air conditioning was perfect, and our top-view was great. The reason I only gave this hotel 3 stars is because of the insane lack of ventilation in the hallway next to the casino room elevators(next to buffet). The smell is SO strong it's hard to miss.Some reviews state that this hotel is not good for kids even though it's marked for them. I hate to tell you this, but no matter where you go...this is vegas. Smoke, alcohol and half naked ladies will follow you no matter where you stay. On a budget? This is the hotel for you. Try to stay in the West Tower--nicer rooms.
4	We stayed here in 2012, unfortunately we had to go back home a day early but still had a lot of fun. We are going back this April, with our 2 boys. Can anyone tell me if you can actually walk to Tacos el gordo from here? Is it to far? Thx we didn't get to check that out last time!!
5	Every time I Come To Vegas This Is My Go To Hotel. I Always Book The Skyrise Tower Which Is The Tower To The Right Of The Hotel...It Has Easy Access To The Pool And Has Its own Little Casino. The Rooms Have Been Renovated So They Are Clean and New...The Bathrooms Are Very Spacious As Well. The Only Downfall To This Hotel Is That Its Towards The End Of The Strip But I Dont Have A Problem Taking A Taxi Or Walking. The Prices Per Night Are Very Good Anytime Of The Year. I love That there Is No Deposit So I Dont Have To worry about There Being A Hold On My Card And The Resort Fee Isn't Ridiculous. They Have Great Customer Service As Well...And Of Course I Love Their Breakfast Buffet...Everything Is So Fresh!!  Ive Been Coming Here Since I Was A kid And Would Hang Out In The Adventure Dome Im An Adult Now And Still Like to Frequent Some Of The Rides! All In all Circus Circus Will Always Have My Business!
1	My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights. We needed an inexpensive room for the weekend. Checking in was easy, staff was quick and courteous. We were told we would be staying at the Manor. The benefit to staying there was our car was close for us to use. However, you are not attached to the casino. The room was older as was the furniture. The king size bed was very new and very comfy, as were the pillows. We had a keurig for am coffee (something our friends at a higher end hotel didn't have). My huge complaint is that 1 1/2hours prior to checkout our water was shut off. ( no flushing the potty, hot water to shower, washing your face/brushing your teeth). Water was returned 10 mins before we left. This was not my first time in Vegas but it was the first and last time I will stay here.
1	Smoke filled dump. Pass. Also the employees were the least friendly on the strip. Impossible to reccomend .
3	Do not book your room at the MANOR. It's literally across the street from the casino and is a much older type room. We booked our rooms here with a group of friends through expedia and thought we got a great deal , but NOPE! We ended up paying extra for the upgrade and stayed at the main tower. It was about $25 more per night. Rooms are smelly and old. I don't think I will get a room here again. The casino however is a great place for entertainment for both adults and kids upstairs !
3	Pros: A deal for families and those traveling on a budget. Its located just of the strip and it is close enough to all attractions. It has a circus area full of carnival attractions and games. It has a decent buffet.Cons: Our tub faucet leaked all night. We had to close the bathroom door because it was so loud. DO NOT PARTAKE IN THE HOTEL PROMOTIONS IN THE LOBBY. THEY ARE A WASTE OF YOUR TIME. THEY ARE JUST TRYING TO GET MONEY OUT OF YOU. DO NOT GO TO THE POLO TOWERS.
3	Pros:  1.  Great place to take the kiddos.2.  Cheap room rates.3.  Circus acts and games for kids and adults where you can win prizes.4.  Tables and slots are decent.5.  AdventuredomeNegatives:1.  Casino is old and dirty.2.  Awful buffet.3.  Rooms are dated especially compared to other hotels on the strip.Overall, it is okay.  We will always come here if we have our nieces and nephews with us cause they love the place as I once did.  If you have no kids, then do not come here.  It is too much of a "circus".
1	Do yourself a favor and stay away from Circus Circus. I made a reservation tonight for 4 nights. Casino manager refuse to take my money on my temporary bank card and inflate the price ridiculously. Told me that if I didn't like I can go somewhere else. I had a relative who for works for them. Well if they treat customers that bad then you should imagine how they treat their own employees. This should be a lesson for everyone, just because it cheaper that does not make it better. I told the casino shift manager and gave him my players card. I am not doing anymore business with ALL MGM Resorts Casinos. You treat people they way you would want to be treated. Anything less doesn't deserve your business.
3	For $28, I'm not sure my expectations were ever very high.  This is the kind of place where you can hear your neighbors having late-night sex (wait, that's probably just Vegas), the pillows smell like they haven't been thoroughly washed, and you see high-heeled girls getting into dark pimped-out cars at 6am.  But it's cheap, and the kids love the Midway - we spent an entire afternoon playing the games there, helped out by $5 off each person's ticket that came with our hotel room. The gambling itself is OK, and we didn't try any of the food.  It set us back about $15 each time we cabbed to either the main part of the strip or old town Vegas, so you have to factor that into your overall cost (it's a 3+ mile walk otherwise, in a not so great part of town).  Would I come back?  Well, it depends on what kind of vacation I wanted.  For a total experience, probably a nicer hotel would be my choice, but if I want to optimize for spending my money gambling or shopping, I have no pride about staying in a place like this - why not?  Just turn the pillow over - the other side is probably cleaner.
1	Highlights: Pizza and Merlot delivered to 18th floor, hot and delicious. Nice towels and decent beds. Great view at sunset, sunrise. Good enough workout room (2nd Floor). Water pressure for shower is fine.Slight disappointments: Bedding material rough. Toilet flushes like a rocket being shot into space, kaboom! Scary every time. Decor is old.Eek! Me thinks not: Smell, carpet very dirty, Kuereg coffee machine burned on bottom, made plain water brown, then yellow, then light yellow. Unusable, carcinogens :PBilling was confusing, accidentally canceled reservations, then re-booked at higher rate :P Refused to roll back. Casino itself is dated, boring. Customer service phone calls are impossible. Simply trying to get a damn copy of the bill. No transfer to billing services. Called 855 275 5733 -- on hold eternally (on hold throughout my writing of this!) Room Service: each request was incorrectly fulfilled (asked for new coffee maker, brought towels and soap -- every morning, incorrect).Wi-Fi under-powered, no service until 2am - 6am.-----Never again,JackPS Still on hold
2	Yuck, worst hotel ever. TONS of kids who should not be up with their drunk parents at 1 am. I feel bad for them and it kind of gives the whole place a sad feeling. If you plan on not spending any time in your room other than to crash, then this place is good. Also, be prepared to take the bus because it is too far to walk to the ACTUAL strip, aka, the place to party. It cost me and my friends $47 each which is insanely cheap. So all in all I dont regret staying here.  If you have a little more to spend, get a better hotel. It is a lil' depressing in this place. Parents, dont take your babies out to Vegas and let me run into you as I stumble out of the club, not appropriate.
3	Some people complain about Circus Circus being full of kids. If that's you, go to the Wynn, Vdara or someplace else. But if you have kids, this is the place for you. They can keep busy all day in the Adventuredome or the Midway that surrounds the circus act area. McDonald's is right there too, should they get hungry. Now for us big folks, there are a number of restaurants and watering holes to choose from, both at the mezzanine level and on the casino floor. The rooms? Well, the West Tower rooms are fairly nice but please stay away from the Manor. That is just a bunch of old motel rooms that are somewhat removed from the main facility. The only advantage to the Manor is that you can park your car next to your room and you don't have to schlep your luggage very far. But now that most luggage comes with wheels, that shouldn't be much of an issue. The nicer rooms are only a few dollars more, and worth it.Now here's a secret just for you. Don't tell anyone else, OK? Pull your car into Garage 1 and find a parking place on Level 3 (Green). That way you won't have to take the elevator; just walk right through the doors onto the Promenade level, turn right and take the escalator down to the casino level, another right or two and you'll be at the front desk. The elevators servicing the West Tower are close by, too. Very convenient.  OK, it's not the swankiest hotel in town. It's not even swanky. But the facility is decent, the prices are great and it's probably the most kid-friendly hotel outside of Disneyland.
1	I feel itchy just thinking about this place. I remember when I was a little one my parents brought me and my younger brother here. I thought it was the greatest place I had ever seen, with the little amusement park and the carnival games and circus acts. We had our RV hooked up in the lot. It was the mid 90's. A simpler time.I've stayed here more than once quite recently when me and my girl were ballin on a budget. Even from the outside it's like... I'm having second thoughts about this. Okay, Just... fork out the extra money and stay somewhere that say, cleans their bedspreads and curtains sometimes, or, vacuums the room occasionally. Circus Circus does not do these things ever.Even wallking through the casino you get the most disgusting, creepy, dirty feeling. And also the feeling like you are going to be murdered. By clowns. Basically you get the dirty feeling because the place is dirty in all ways, shapes, and forms. It's really a sad place. It's like a carnival tent that someone abandoned and left to rot. And it smells that way. Like shit, mold, stale cigs and despair.The few times (a few too many) that I've stayed here, the check in line has been long. I actually let a bride and groom at the end of the line cut in front of me when I was next up one time. Hey, Circus Circus has to do with some part of their wedding. It was the least I could do. The people that work the front desk are depressed. And I would be too if someone made me wear that stanky ass purple uniform. Bless their hearts. They also must give you a map and explain to you which way to go and which elevator you need to take to find your room. The layout of the place is horrendous. I've been lost a few times. And, you don't wanna be lost here. Like I said, it's creepy.On your adventure to find your room, you will be forced through hallways of stands with pushy people trying to sell you a bunch of made in China crap. Like a flea market from hell. Walk quiclky, head down, through this mess. It's the only way you'll make it. The ventilation is SO BAD. Honestly I think if you had asthma and stayed here you would die. I can't even imagine that people dare to eat here. I give you props for your bravery. They do have a Krispy Kreme, which is actually one plus.You will have to taxi or drive to get anywhere desirable. The location of this place is really terrible. Plus, you will be embarassed to tell the taxi driver to take you back here. If you wanna go see some tits, Sapphire is pretty close. Not walking distance close, but close enough. Really, you could not pay me to stay here. NEVER AGAIN.
1	I got conned into staying here once by my friend Tierney.  She lost all of her money gambling drunk and couldn't pay for her suite at the Cosmo.  I stayed here for one night and it was awful.  I felt like I was sleeping in an early 1920's tenement apartment in the Lower East Side of New York City.  The steaks were cheap and the kids were obnoxious.  Never again.
3	I can remember when Las Vegas went through their "family friendly" phase. Most of the popular hotels featured motion simulator rides, IMAX theaters, really stocked arcades, free "tamer" shows, and the like.After "The Hangover" came out, Vegas ran with their "What Happens in Vegas stays in Vegas" campaign, and the family phase was phased out. No more simulator rides, arcades fell to neglect. No more G/PG rates free shows and attractions. So these days, to take children and teens to Vegas is a true challenge.Enter Circus Circus, the only hotel that the younger set has a decent chance at surviving during their Vegas stint. This is moreso due to a very nice amusement park and the ongoing circus acts.But not all is good in Circus Circus Land. Here's the break down:GOOD: The amusement park is a nice bargain. There's enough there to entertain toddlers to teens. I really enjoyed the two roller-coasters, and I'm thankful that Circus Circus is the only hotel on the Strip that still has motion simulator rides. Also, the circus act continue to be a nice add-on. It features great stunts of balance and high-flying acrobatics, and it's a consistent venue that's close to McDonalds.BAD: Kids like buffets, and so do families with kids. But the Circus Circus's buffet is subpar. Yes, it will do the job of getting food into empty bellies, but with so many better buffets on the Strip, and a $17 dinner cost, I'm expecting much more, and better quality. Kudos to the pasta bar; easily the best part of the buffet.The hotel is also way down at the end of things. It's bordered by a vacant lot that has been vacant for years, and the lot is a few blocks long. At night, it's empty, very dark, and eerie walking south from Circus Circus to the main element of the Strip. There are also some unsavory characters hanging out in the area.UGLY: Smoke ventilation is horrible. As a non-smoker, I could feel the nicotine doing a number on my lungs. Circus Circus is an older hotel, and they've really neglected their ventilation system. It's so bad that you can cut through the smoke-odor with a knife. This is bad news for children and their young, developing lungs.All and all, I'm recommending Circus Circus for families with children only because there's no longer any other family-friendly hotels on the Strip (including Excalibur). And while the amusement park and the circus are great touches, families need to be wary of the location, the poor buffet and especially the poor ventilation.
4	We had an excellent stay at the Circus Circus. Our room was clean, we were given fresh towels daily, and had a lot of fun playing $5 blackjack at the table and $1 blackjack at the nearby Slots-o-Fun. Food at the Westside Deli was also tasty and affordable. I would highly recommend staying here!
1	Zero Starts if I could!If your going to Vegas and plan to stay at Circus circus Just Stay home!! Worst place on earth! Drinks are nasty! Place is dirty and stinks! Hotel is super old and just plain cheap. Not to mention we got the best room available and was so disappointed!!Never again, Next time we will stay at Rio or Another hotel/casino!
3	Free acrobatic performance. Cheap tables. Play area for kids. Don't really offer drinks on slots, and only occasionally on tables.
2	I've stayed twice in less than a year, the 1st time so amazing I was forced to come Addison because I didn't have enough time to do everything I wanted, this past week we starred , 3 days, the adventure dome was closed all week which would have been nice to know when we booked, I would have booked somewhere else and just visited the joke of a circus, room was ok I liked the skyrise tower better but not a big deal, leaving hotel my 4 year old almost gets ran over by Terry the female valet driver, everyone was nice to me then trying to comp me wristbands for the park that wasn't open and buffet tickets like it makes up for scaring the crap out of myself and my child because they hired people who drive like bats out of hell, I loved this hotel, I used to go there when I was small with my family, im close to 30, I'm sorry I took my kids there I will never recommended this place to anyone again after raving about it since I stayed there the time before last, my kids were treated better at caesers palace, venitian, and planet Hollywood staff and security, where you would expect to see no children....
1	I stayed in the manors for 2 nights.  It was the worst Vegas experience ever.  Might as well have stayed at the Travelodge right next door...because they look,  feel and sound like a 3rd class motel.This "hotel" seems like it hasn't been updated since it was built in 1968.  I got a callous on my thumb from pushing the awful toilet flusher button.  The blankets were covered in suspicious-looking hairs.  There was a brown stain I could only hope was chocolate.It's at the butt-end of the strip, you have to walk through the main Circus Circus hotel, then past 2 empty lots facing some "fancy" shops such as 7-11, Ross and McDonald's.  By the time we walked to the Venetian, we were so exhausted we turned back without even gambling.
1	I am definitely not impressed or satisfied with my stay here at Circus Circus! The room service and any service at that is just ridiculous. The people here are rude and greedy. I was appalled with the cleanliness. The hotel was just gross. I had to call room service everyday just to get towels and coffee. Oh, and there is a 2 cup of coffee per day limit! Also the ice maker didn't work the whole week I stayed and the soda machine ripped me off not only that it is three bucks for a pop but it doesn't give you back any change. I've stayed in Motel 6's that were better than this place! I enjoyed some of the stores and gift shops here although if you weren't gonna buy anything they pretty much could care less about you and wanted you to leave. Lastly, The Adventuredome, that place is a joke! All the games are rigged and if you when the people act like they're pissed. Oh and just a heads up you can only win once they want tell you that though because they will take your money then tell you no refunds. By far my worst stay in a hotel, clowns must be running this place!
1	My experience was terrible here! Rolled up in a mustang convertible only to find that where they put us was the motor lodge. Yeah, the motor lodge. This is the behind the trailer park dump. I ironed my bed and was scared to stay there. I was at the rio the night before and that was amazing. Should have stayed there. Let's just say being a delta sky miles member and having 100,000,000 sky miles, this is the only trip I was happy to leave all because of this hotel. The rest of the trip was awesome, don't get me wrong, not trying to be negative but come on! Circus Circus, You need to step up your game.
1	I only came here to gamble so I cannot comment on the rooms and such. However, that being said, the Circus Circus is one of the most depressing casinos I have ever been in. I don't understand what happened to it but this place needs help desperately. This goes without saying but we all know that casinos are very smoky, however, upon walking in the entrance I said, "My god, the smell." It smelled as though 20 years had gone by with no cleaning, filtration, or fresh air, and the smell of extremely stale smoke made it hard to breathe. Against my better judgement, I still proceeded to the casino and was amazed at how sad and run down everything looked. I cannot not recommend this hotel/casino to anyone to stay, let alone gamble.
2	This was a pretty crappy hotel, but at $37 a night on the strip, what do you expect? The building itself looked like it hadnt been updated since the '60s. Our room was in Skyrise Tower and looked like a low-end motel. Looked clean from a distance but on closer inspection, we found crumbs and sesame seeds on the floor and a quarter inch of dust on top of the entertainment center. One of the issues I had was with the AC unit. Although it keeps the room cool, the fan doesn't stay on continuously and kicks on, rather loudly, in the middle of the night. My boyfriend is a light sleeper and didn't have a single night of decent sleep while we stayed here. The ventilation in the rooms is pretty bad too. I have asthma and had difficulty breathing the whole time we were in the building.The only interaction we had with hotel employees, besides at restaurants, was the day we checked in. Joseph helped us out and was very pleasant and knowledgeable. We rented a car for one day from Avis, which is located in the hotel lobby. It was convenient to have a car rental agency right in the hotel and the woman who helped us was speedy and polite.We don't have kids, but Circus Circus seems like a great place to bring them. We walked through the Adventuredome, which has rides and games, and the Midway, located above the casino, has carnival-style games and circus acts, like acrobats.Although Circus Circus isn't nice by any means, we paid for one week what we would have paid for one night in a nicer place on the strip, so I'd definitely stay here again (I'm not super picky about where I stay as long as it's relatively clean and safe, so if you're one of those who refuses to stay anywhere but a 4 or 5 star hotel, this is not the place for you!). People complain about it's location on strip (it's way up north, just before Hilton and Stratosphere), but we had no issues and took the Deuce everywhere, as there is a stop just outside Circus Circus.
4	First I would like to say that all the staff were great. The main issue I have is that its time to UP GRADE the facade and surrounding buildings in the circus circus grounds. However , this is the place to go if you have children. It was very affordable and rooms were well kept (west tower)Keep in mind that its affordability is what attracts a certain clientele.
1	Never coming back here at circus circus. We booked a king size bed room for 3 nights a few days before we came here. When we checked in, Vanessa said no more king size bed room for us. Is this the way you do business?
2	This was probably the worst experience that I have ever experience while staying in Vegas I got poor service from the front desk to the bell stand to valet (no one had a since of urgency) and elevators did not work so I was forced to carry all of my belongings a stroller and a two-year-old down 8 flights of stairs because the elevators did not work they had 6 elevators and only one work so if you expect to go to your room anytime during the day you might as well wait till about 11 o'clock at night is the only time that the elevators work properly
1	I would give it 0 stars if I could. Just checked in and I'm already searching for another hotel to stay at. Booked rooms online. Our rooms are not even connected to the hotel. Had to go outside cross the street with my luggage through another parking lot to get to my room. I did not feel safe wheeling my luggage at night. It would have been better to stay at motel 6. The curtains look like they are falling off and won't close all the way I had to rig them to keep them shut. I can here the people in the room next to us talking. This place seems so shady!!  NEVER AGAIN!!  ******* update......Okay I update my review from negative 10 stars to 1 star only because Belinda at the players club check in helped ease my mind and made things better for us. If I was doing this rating on Belinda's customer service I would give it a 10 she was awesome in explaining our room upgrade and changes.  We have checked out of the circus circus Manor hell hole and are now stating in one of the updated rooms (FYI it's still weird when I hear everytime the neighbors flush their toilets .... But that's just me).  FYI unless your kids already know about the birds and the bees you might want to keep them at home. Even in the upgraded room the walls are thin. I'm writing this as my neighbors are having a "great time" next door. So if you don't want your neighbors knowing when you start and finish you might want to keep it down lol.
4	I learned how to gamble here, and I loved it!  Here's why:1 - You can't beat a $5 buy-in for craps!  I had a blast losing $50, playing with a new $50 to get back up (and I DID!!!)  It was so much fun2 - You can't beat free drinks and fun people who are serious about having fun3 - It was a close walk to our hotel, so it was awesome to avoid cabs 4 - The lights are amazing, and the energy is high!
3	A solid casino & hotel for it being one of the oldest ones on the strip. If you don't have kids with you on the trip, you might want to say further down at one of the newer casino's, but this one definitely gives you some kid-friendly action along with all the other Vegas casino add-ons!
3	Booked my hotel on Priceline.com for $50.   Hotel is dated but for the price I can't complain.
5	This is for my black jack dealer - we stumbled in - don't ask me how - this has got to be the last stop b4 dealer hell. Imagine cheap, drunk rude people - no it wasn't that bad but at 12 am I bet it is pretty awful. Let's face it - this is not the "Wynn". The people are barely a step up from homeless. But our dealer was so Sweet - cheerful - singing - joking - great entertainment - we had an absolute BLAST!  I have played at the nice casino's and the dealers are Boring. Can't get them to even smile. Sadly -- I lost - but - totally worth the experience. Next time I want to whine about things I will remember that poor lady dealing with not nice people - rocking out to 70's tunes - having a terrific day!That is a woman who has a rich life and knows what is important!
1	Rude !! They lie on the website . For instance, the details about the room are scams . Youll find a 1990 TV  and so on .Moreover, service is bad , I won't recommend it at all .
1	Shower drain did not drain after showering each person in the family had to sit or stand in 1 inch of water stuck at the bottomIt's the first week of spring break for quite a few people in the US and fun dome is open until 6 o'clock in the evening onlyThe wind howled through the windows all night long kept everybody up the windows were not securewhen we sat down on the toilet it felt like it was going to fall through the floor and also bangs up really loud against the wall the matter how softly you sitNot enough towels for all three people in the room. The towels that were there were small very thin and almost everyone had a hole inThe fan or air conditioner makes noise when it was going off kept us up, we had to turn it on or bake in the roomWhen taking showers we had to use the fan which did not work at all for it's purpose, we got out of the shower and it was completely steamed upThe fan that is supposed be used for the bathroom did not serve it's purpose. Wait too small and we couldn't keep it on because of the rattling and shaking of the FanEvery other hotel we went to in Vegas had many of the blackjack machines that cost either $.25 $.50 or a dollar. We found zero in Circus Circus that were $.25 or $.50, everyone was one dollar. You would think for a family oriented Hotel and Casino with families on budgets that would be one of their first priorities being such a popular game.Overall we were very very disappointed. Although they have two pools the area to layout is very limited and the pools are very very small compared to any other hotel on the strip. We understand it's cheap to stay there but the rooms in the motor Lodge area were unacceptable.
4	This is only for the Midway Arcade area.  I think this is the only place that has games for kids therefore it gets very crowded.  But many of the games give out bigger better prizes if there are more players.  (so it's a good thing that it's busy)  You know when a show is going to start soon because multiple player games would be nearly empty.  They've increased the price of some of the games from $1 to $2.  I just wish they have a better ventilation system because of smokers.
3	So, we booked this hotel because I was able to get a few comps through my mlife membership. We chose CC since we were dragging along our 4yo with us this trip and wanted to have some convenient things for her and us to do together. After reading a lot of the reviews I felt that I made probably one of the worst decisions of my adult life and that our daughter would suffer some psychological damage later in life, but....low and behold.....things we're alright. Yes it's older and rundown in comparison to the strip hotels, obviously. You can tell they are upgrading things slowly but surely and I was actually put at ease upon entering. I hate cigarette smoke, but know it's unavoidable in Vegas but the ventilation throughout the hotel seemed good. Check in was the worst experience for us. Took about an hour on a Friday night/Saturday morning about 12:30am, would have thunk so many people stay here and check in that late. I can't remember the tower we stood in but apparently it was the remodeled tower and we were definitely surprised about that comfort and quality of the room. The beds were super comfy and the room was pretty dang spacious. I was expecting the worst and was very pleased. Take it, we usually stay at the Vdara so this was definitely a "culture shock" of sorts expectation wise but at the same time, we're not picky people. The restroom was nice and roomy and good mirror space and lighting. The AC worked like a charm and every stinkin' hotel employee we had contact with was very nice and helpful, and not in that...I work at a 4/5 star hotel so I have to treat you nice, way. It was genuinely nice, especially the house keepers. We had booked 2 nights and I had actually booked them separately since we weren't sure how long of a trip it was going to be so they were going to swap us rooms for the second night, I called the front desk and asked them if there was any way we could stay in the current room so we wouldn't have to pack up and unpack again and after about 10 minutes they made it happen without a fuss. Customer service was definitely on point. As for the weird "gift shops" and time share people, we never encountered any of them and the shop people done fuss either.
3	I got a great deal on Expedia for two nights in a hotel on the strip, which I obviously booked right away! I only paid 28 dollars a night which was the cheapest rate anywhere for the two nights!I arrived at the circus circus quite late due to a delayed flight, and was shocked to see a queue at the check in.. A queue at nearly 1am? Are you kidding me... Only two people manned the check in counter(there were others standing about, but not working) and it took me around 20 minutes until I reached the counter (after 25 hours flight and transit, yay!) The first guy couldn't even find my booking, but he called for help and he was replaced by a really friendly, helpful guy whose name I sadly didn't get (sleep deprivation will do that to you). He put me in the casino tower and gave me a upgrade to a larger room for no reason at all! Epic friendliness.The room itself was large, roomy and clean, a large TV and free in room WiFi. It had a slightly outdated feel but for under 30 bucks? Who cares! However, NO fridge! Not even a tiny minibar, which really sucks.. I do like my water cold.As far as restaurants go, I only tried the buffet and the deli. The buffet costs 14,99 which is quite pricey, the food was fresh but the selection was quite limited. The coffee tasted rather bland and watery, the orange juice was fresh and "real" so that was ok.. They only really have one highlight: the omelette dude! This guy makes you omelettes on demand with your  ingredients of choice for no extra charge. And they're Delicious!The deli was good, they have decent coffee and snacks, again pretty pricey.All in all I'd say it's a decent place to stay of you get the rooms cheap. I don't think I'd stay here if the rooms were to cost more.
1	Don't waste your money here! No matter what your budget is, don't stay here, the room was descent for the price, but midway through our trip our room had been broken into and robbed, cash and credit cards gone. Made a report and security just tried to blame us in any way, and repeating time and time again that their not liable for any losses. What made it extra fishy is 2 major red flags, 1) we never left any valuables in the room except that night. 2) we were out every night until the theft, the day after the theft we stayed in, only to hear someone messing with the door only to have a security guard walk into the room see us on the bed, wall out then finally knock on the door an make like the door was left open. Super fishy!No matter what your budget don't ever stay here. It's not worth the risk, we are still waiting for their "investigation" to be finished.
2	Gross! The rooms were so old and smelled like smoke! There are definitely better places to stay, but this was nice and cheap!
3	Its an old hotel and is meant for the kiddies but when your drunk everyone becomes a kid again...lol  Stayed here when one night in one of there newly remodeled roooms...pretty nice, really comfortbale bed and nice size tv and free wifi that actually works was good, would stay here if was here for only a short weekend and if it wasnt summer time casue the walls are kinda then so you will here kids but if u come when kids are in school it is a good option..  Like the photo booth we usually hit that up sober and drunk at least once.  Slots so fun is a nice spot to hang out away from the kids and have good slots.
3	Very typical Vegas--I got a deal on Hotels.com for $119 for 1 night in one of the "Motor" buildings. It was a little trashy (some peeling paint and a worn out comforter), but it was totally what I expected. When booking a room, definitely find a deal and don't pay full price! Beware that there are multiple buildings with rooms, some farther from the casino than others.
2	I have been coming here since I was a small child.  Growing up as a Southern California Asian, family trips during the summer meant trips to Las Vegas and now after turning 21 I still take trips to Vegas, now with only certain members of my family.So now that I have established the basis of my credentials for writing this review, please read on!If you are reading this because you are trying to decide whether or not you would like to stay here on your Vegas trip.  I have a short and simple answer for you: NO!!!!If you have any sort of decency or standards or if you care about your family at all, DO NOT stay in this hotel.   This hotel is old, in desperate need of a remodel, has the permanent lingering smell of cigarette and it is in the older part of Vegas.  You cannot just walk out of the hotel and expect to be on the strip.  It is a good few blocks away from the center of the strip.  Not the greatest place to be staying with a family, oh and if you are over 21 and thinking of staying here, same answer applies.  No!  You will hate it.  It is far from the strip where all the clubs are.  Yes, it is cheap but it is not worth it.  The hotel is ghetto, sorry, no other word to describe it.  Every time I step foot in this hotel I forget how old I am.  Let me explain, the hotel to this day looks exactly the same as when I came here back in 1998.  It feels like a never ending time warp, nothing has changed.  Still smells the same, still the same shops, layout, everything is pretty much the same.The only redeeming factor and the reason why I still come here to this day, is the carnival games and arcade upstairs.  I loved Circus Circus as a kid because of the carnival games.  My dad would take us to Circus Circus and win us all teddy bears that my mom would later complain about because they would just end up in a plastic bag stuffed in the garage somewhere or donated to goodwill.  Circus Circus is an awesome place to take your children, just don't spend the night there.  The carnival games are super cheap, with the majority of them being only $1 and they have pretty legit prizes, comparable to the la or oc fair.  The arcade is pretty fun and it's big.  My grandma used to spend hours here dumping tokens into that one game that has a bunch of tokens that are pushed down by the little bar that moves.Despite it being stuck in a time warp, ghetto, far from the strip, old and smelly, chances are next time I'm in Vegas I will come back, just for the carnival games.Oh they have beer pong at the hotel next door, but I really would not recommend it.  The ball is rolling around on the ground and who even knows what years and years of build up is on that carpet.  I am not a germaphobe or anything but even that makes my skin crawl.
5	We had a great stay in the highest floor with the greatest view over the strip as you can imagine. Of cause the room had some minor finishing problems - but for a 3 star hotel it is one of the best you can book. Everything has been clean, really nothing to complain about. I can recommend this hotel to everyone who's looking for a hotel next to the strip.
2	A couple of years ago I went to Vegas with my California cousins.  It was my first trip, but like most Californians, my cousins are Vegas experts.  They knew everywhere to go and the best places to see.  I had such a great time that I came back and told my friends all about it.  They made me promise to go to Vegas with them.  I glibly agreed.When it came time to plan the trip they asked my advice about where to stay.  I told them a few nice places on the strip.  Then when it came time to book the flight my friend saw a flight+hotel deal that she thought was too good to pass up.  The hotel was Circus Circus.  She asked my opinion and I told her that this is the one place that I know to avoid.  She didn't take my advice and we ended up staying at Circus Virus...I mean Circus Circus.I assume that most people stay here either because they have children or because it is cheap.  If you have children, this is an okay place to stay because it is away from the flashy sin on the strip and they have carnival games and a McDonalds on location.  However, if you stay here trying to save money, you have made a mistake.  There are plenty of good deals to stay at NICE places on the strip.  Staying at Circus Circus forces you to take cabs to get everywhere.  When you stay on the strip you can walk to everywhere that you want to go.When you walk into Circus Circus you see the vestiges of the great hotel that it used to be.  I am sure that when it opened it was thought to be fabulous.  However, compared to the other hotels that are on the strip it looks shabby, worn down, and kind of sad.
1	Let me start with this:  I am NOT high maintenance.  I have stayed at Motel 6's on road trips and was totally okay with it.  But in Vegas, I expect a little bit better.  Circus Circus was a BIG mistake, absolutely disgusting.   We got stuck in a room a block away from the hotel/casino itself, next to an RV Park, where we had to carry/drag our luggage after a long day of flying/travelling.  It was so old and ghetto and seedy that I immediately felt concern for our safety, then sure enough two beefy security guards come storming down the hallway and bang on a room a few doors down from us and yell "Security!"  Yikes.  I was pretty mad at my husband then for booking this place.   I was afraid to take my shoes off inside the room but I guess it was clean enough.  The only highlight was the Keurig machine I saw in the bathroom but after the first day, I didn't get anymore coffee and had to wait over an hour after calling room service for more.  The view from my window?  The ass end of a car in the parking lot.   I felt like I was at a crappy motel.  Oops I forgot to mention the roller coaster El Loco in the kids section.  Awesome but lasts only a second.  And Vince Neil's Tapuado has a kick ass shrimp taco that's to die for.  But don't stay the night here.  That's a big fat NOOOOOO.
2	I stayed at circus circus on april 13th - 14th. There were roaches in the room. Casino staff was nice though.
3	Stayed in the Sky Tower the rooms were a bit small but ok.  Buffet was average.  I really don't have anything bad to say.  The Hotel staff were friendly and I really didn't experience any problems with the exception of all the walking back and forth from the Adventure Dome and the Midway where all the circus acts and games were at. (its quite a distance).  Great place for kids.  Just a note though, kids under 16 must be in rooms by 10pm per state law, however this hotel has a few exceptions.
5	Once again, Circus Circus did not disappoint! Me and my family had a fantastic time here. We arrived Monday And I had expected a large line to check in due to Spring Break but I was the first in line. Check in was a breeze, I had my room keys within three minutes, no lie!The room was clean and well organized. The last time I was here I don't recall having Keurig coffee makers in my room or any time of coffee maker for that matter. I was impressed my room had one and coffee pods too! Totally made my day..I was smiling!We had dinner at the Buffet and it was delicious,I. Only wish they had more vegetables, fruits we're plentiful.Staff was good, housekeeping was quick and friendly..Sure this Hotel is old  and I agree it may need a bit of a remodel outside but changing it may take away the charm and nostalgia..we love staying here. Thanks, see you in a few months!I won a little too so I'm a happy camper!
4	Not reviewing the rooms/hotel amenities. I'm just reviewing the experience of hanging out in the casino/arcade for a few hours. The arcade/circus area is really fun. It's probably one of the few truly kid-friendly places in Vegas. (Though, if you're bringing your kid to Vegas, I'm seriously judging you hardcore right now.)The games a tiny bit pricey, but hey, you may walk out of there with a giant stuffed dog that you think is adorable but you really don't have any space in your apartment for it...like I did.
3	Good:-Clean rooms, attentive house keeping. We called multiple times for towels and they were there instantly-Great for kids and family-Cheap rooms-Ample parking-Good Gaming. Could use work -check-in slow-parking, although ample, is a pain to get around.-place needs some touch up paint, very faded in areas. -signage is confusingBottom line, clean cheap room on the strip. Good deal.
2	Gross. I stayed here one time and totally regret it.  At first they were gonna put us in one of those motel type rooms that weren't even connected to the main hotel.  But the front desk guy was nice enough to tell us to just go out there, say that you don't feel safe, come back to him and he can get us a room at the main tower.  Place is pretty run down/old. And it is REALLY cheap. You can walk to the strip from there..but still...I rather fork over more money to stay on the actual strip and get a better room.  Thank goodness I'm not a poor college student anymore!
3	Clean and functional rooms for a great price. This is quite obviously one of the older places on the strip and it seems that Circus Circus knows it and doesn't really care or try to keep up or compete with the rest of the strip. We stayed in the Circus Manor across the street from the big hotel. There is NOTHING luxurious or fancy about this place. You get a shower and a bed. The only high tech thing in their rooms are their Keurig coffee makers which are located IN THE BATHROOM. Totally didn't use that thing. GROSS. You do get a lot of space in your room so if you have kids this would be a good thing. The bed was surprisingly comfortable. I was able to get full nights sleep with out tossing and turning.You pay a $15 resort fee per day with your stay, as if you would really use their facilities besides the casino unless you are traveling with children. Everything just seems cheesy and run down. Old video games, carnival games, rides and "circus" performers. They do offer free parking which is great! The pool area is decent. If you are wanting a luxurious Las Vegas experience don't stay here. If you want to stretch your dollar this is a ok place. We were only in the room to shower and sleep so it turned out to be a great value. Check in was easy, check out was easier. You are able to do express check out via text message. With the amount of volume that Circus Circus gets I really feel like they could put in a tad bit more effort in keeping this place modern. Even just a few new coats of paint and some small details like faucet fixtures in the bathrooms and carpets. I wouldn't say avoid the Circus, just know you are getting what you pay for.
2	This hotel is full of creepy drunks and non drunks and it's suppose to be kid friendly?  I think it's too dark in this hotel.I just came back from Vegas a few hours ago. I stayed at circus circus as a last minute trip.  The rates are super cheap. My room was in one of those manors unfortunately. I don't know why it's not even part of the main hotel.  It's a pretty scary and dangerous place to stay especially walking at night or evening for that matter. It's away from everything.  The signs inside and outside of the hotel were unclear. Looking for the registration desk and stuff was annoying cause it was soo dArk! I mean geez.. When my friend and i walked to our room, the cleaning crews were still inside cleaning like really? We checked in and hour after check in time and the rooms aren't even ready? Pros: $10 slot machine credit upon checking inFree boarding pass printingCheap rates( expect to get what you paid for)24 hour deli inside main hotelFree parking!Cons: scary at night Not many places open late around this hotelStaying at the manor
4	This review is for the Casino Tower rooms. It's convenient how the elevators are separated into ones that only go up to certain floors. Really helpful in avoiding crowded elevators. Also very convenient that you just ride up and down and you're already there in the Casino where all the action occurs. We got a room on the 5th floor. The view was absolutely hideous. It included a view of the roof of a smaller building along with many pipes, with the Stratosphere and LVH in the back.  The room itself was clean.. beds were comfortable. The room had a flat screen TV, having stayed in the Manors before with those really old 1990's TV's, this was a really nice upgrade. The room was extremely spacious and it was very nice. The only reason for 1 less star is that the "flush" sound the toilet makes is EXTREMELY loud. You can hear it a few rooms away, not even kidding. Overall, it was pleasant. Highly recommend the casino towers!
2	Never go back. Went to do yoga and floor was soaked in our room- hate to think why. Outdated and Adventure dome more for young kids
2	Buyer beware: the budget pricing cannot make up for the downtrodden ambiance, decor and general air of this place Have mercy on yourself; and if you can't afford a better place on the strip, stay in motel 6 instead.
1	Worst place I've ever stayed period. Service was/is awful. Check in and out was everything but convenient and smooth not to mention over priced. I've stayed at many hotels on and off the strip in every star ranking. Not only did the check in process waiting in line at the early am hours take 1hr and 15 min but when we were speaking to one out of 2 representatives it added another 20 min. The same questions and acknowledgments were repeated way too many times to get the same answers. Our rooms were only clean by looking at it from a glimpse. We were unable to make check out due to our water being shut off for 2hr. Had we of been made aware of this prior we would have planned showering accordingly. Instead no awareness was brought to light and we had to pay a late check out fee. Even after speaking to the front desk rep about us needing a later check out, housekeeping arrives 10-15min later without knocking and entering the room saying she needs to clean for the next guests. I understand maintenance checks happen and issues occur but lack of communication with your guests is unacceptable. Guest awareness and staff communication is key. There was no customer service and the little time I spent in the room was miserable. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
2	Too crammed up & smokey. I like the look of the outside in the night time with the lights though. Happy about my favorite slot machine they have there too. I also like the fact that they have two Merry go rounds, because instead of riding horses, your sitting at slot machines, going around & around. LOLMy brother was disappointed that they didn't have much kidie games like a real "Circus Circus" would. I guess he was expecting this circus circus to look like the one in Reno; much better!! Even I think so too...Glad I came here once, just to check it out. That way, I don't have to come here again to waste my time...
3	Discretionary post.I could see how easy it is for people to not like this place, but as one recent yelper guest mentioned, you have to acknowledge you are getting what you pay for, which is mediocre at best.  Definitely not the worst place to stay, but many of you would be better off and happier spending the extra money to stay somewhere else closer to the exciting part of the strip.  If you give this place high marks, it is probably based more on the experience than the look.Good things:- It's cheap.  It's really not a bad choice if you're on a budget.- It's a quick walk to the CVS in case you need a few extra things for your stay.  Less than a mile north on Las Vegas Blvd.- They have Keurig coffee machines in the rooms rather than the ordinary ones that aren't even clean.- Plenty of closet space for personal belongings.- The view outside the window is not actually of a neighboring building's roof.- FREE WIFI!  I know for a fact that there are other hotels along the strip that actually charge you for it.  This is one critical factor that can determine someone's level of happiness.Bad things:- It's far from the actual Las Vegas shenanigans.  A cab ride to the other side of the strip can potentially run you up as much as $20 depending on who drives you and when.- The shops around this place don't tend to open very early.  But then again, not many people tend to wake up early in LAS VEGAS.- You might have to deal with that turn that goes into either the parking garage that leads to the check-in desk, or into the Manor rooms.  There should be a signal light there, or at least stop signs.  Cars usually plow right through there regardless of pedestrians crossing or not.Things that aren't necessarily good or bad, but are left up to the person to interpret and decide:- This hotel has a ton of kids as well as gang members.  The same people who react to this can respond 2 different ways:  "How can you like gang members?" and "How can you dislike kids?"  Not all gang members are bad.  And many kids are.- They still have CRT TVs.  Of course they work, but it's tough to watch things on those after watching flat-screens for a while.All in all, choose to stay here if you aren't picky.  But if you're trying to "impress" someone, be ready to get laughed at.  I'll let you imagine the dialogue.
1	Not worth the money I paid.  Motel 6 is cleaner and has better staff.  I was so excited to stay here with my children.  What a horrible mistake.  I had to practically beg the bell boy to assist with the luggage.  They were so irritated that I interrupted their conversation.  Finally get to the room.  45 minutes later the luggage showed up.  The beds sheets were stained!! The painting was half done and the "queen". Were no more than full size.  The room smelled like piss!  I have two in diapers and I could smell it.  The front desk does not care.  Fire alarm at 12:30am and not on employee seemed concerned or cared.  The next day we were checking out thank God!!  The bell boy was aggressive and told guest to get off his elevator.  One man got on anyway, he just glared at him the whole time.  He got off and the bell boy said "it's so hard not to say anything, then I just get pulled I to the office.  "Not sure what his problem was as the guest did nothing wrong.  Then we are loading the car the bell boy puts down our stuff half of it, including my husbands computer down in the middle of the driveway.  Another guest runs it over before I had a chance to grab it.  The two bell boys witnessed the whole thing almost laughing as I try and run the other driver down.  No one helps.  The bell boy just asked for his tip so he could leave!!!  Security gets there with the supervisor told is we were shot out of luck.  Asked us why we didn't run the driver down or why we put our luggage down there.  It was YOUR bell boy.  Unhelpful apologetic anything.  It was so bad!  I was traveling with 2 under 2!!  I will never stay here again and I will write bad reviews everywhere. Fear not the management and the hotel do not give a shit!!!  Plenty of other cheap hotels in Vegas that are not this bad!  And 150 a night is not a cheap hotel!!
5	Very comfortable and hospitipal environment at all times, was our experience. No, it's not perfect. But neither is getting bent over for Ten X'S the cost else where for not much better accommodations at so called high-end luxury resorts. It's all about perceptions in LV. No smoke and mirrors here! Just great bang for the buck! Nice. Simple. Easy. Casual. Relaxed. Unobtrusive. No pressure. Family friendly. Comfortable. Very underrated dining and entertainment options. Secure and safe environment. Best thrill ride-El Loco roller coaster-in all of LV!Easily less than 1.00 a ride with wristband and ride warrior commitment! LOL! Personally rode it 30 times in a row, no problem, on a Wednesday. Seriously-what's not to like at Circus Circus? Room 28703 in Skytower provides kick-ass view of North LV! We will absolutely be glad to be back to Circus Circus!
4	It was great that they offered free half an hour circus shows. They also have games at the second floor where kids can stay at.
3	For $36 dollars a night it's a awesome deal. I stayed here from 5/10/2014 checked out 5/13/2014 we booked 2 rooms. A room with 2 queen beds on the west towers 26th floor and it had a horrible vomit smell, we were able to change rooms but that room had roaches, disappointed. The other room was a king size in west towers 21st floor. This room wasn't bad, sink was dirty but overall not bad. The location was more south than I realized. This was my 2nd trip to Vegas. My first was at Cesar's Palace and we didnt had children with us but this time we did so opted for a more family oriented location. I would recommend  if you have children but wouldn't if your with your S.O or friends 21+. You'll have more fun else where on the north side of the strip.
3	Circus Circus is a hotel you only want to stay at if you have kids. It is very very old and run down appearing. The free circus acts every 15 minutes are pretty entertaining as well as the games. It really is like going to a carnival. I definitely would not recommend this place for people without children. It's ok, but nothing compared to MGM or the Mirage, ect.
3	Definitely not the fanciest hotel in vegas, but it's fairly cheep. They offer quite a bit for the price,  but are still located on the strip. Good if you want the Vegas experience with breaking your pockets in comparison to other hotel casinos on the strip.
4	Only thing I have to say that's bad is that the kids games are expensive. You can play 20 bucks and almost come out empty handed. Other than that, the place was friendly and exciting.free shows here too
4	On family vacation with the family and we brought our 7 year daughter to the adventure dome for a night of fun.  It took her a moment to get warmed up to the rides, but once she hot used to it she was all over the place and had a ball, her word's "this is the best night if my life".
2	This is one of the first hotels that I have stayed at prior to the Venetian. It is a hotel for kids. The rooms are not as fancy as the Venetian. There is a coupon book given for guests. Typically, I use the buy 1 get 1 game coupon or I get the free donut from Krispy Kreme. In certain rooms, you can smell smoke. People smoke in the casino, so you will smell it when walking to the adventuresome or the main gaming area.
1	Worst hotel in the area... Never stay here... Worst service.... Bathroom tap lickeage... No toothpaste... No shampoo.... I paid $580 for 2 days... Worst worst hotel
3	Despite the false bad assumptions people have about this hotel, the West Tower and Main Tower rooms are really nice! Its a good experience.  There are, however,  an abundance of children and people everywhere so it gets irritating trying to walk to and through the casino.
4	(This could possibly go in the Midway, but I am firm believer that the free acts in Vegas (as they dwindle further and further) need to have their own reviews.)A little rinky dinky.I will admit. Not the best thing I have ever seen. A couple of factors play into this of course. 1. We were there for the first act of the day.. and we were early for that.2. We only stuck around to see the one act.So I won't hold it against them too much.. but the morning's act was a chair juggler. A little bit ho' hum I guess... lacked some of the pizzaz of a trapeeze artist or something of that nature. It's a bit of a tired area and the seating is just metal bleachers (if you choose to sit, but there is plenty of vantage points around the midway if not).The reason it's a 4 star review, is it's FREE!.. and as I mentioned before, in a world like Vegas that gets more expensive by the day it seems, it's really refreshing to see a hotel still embrace the sentiment of getting you in or at it's front door with a free attraction.
5	I haven't been to Circus Circus since I was a kid so I decided to be nostalgic and stay here again. It has great parking! & *always park on the third floor since you can walk into the casino without use of the elevator*! It's a great place for kids. The arcade is HUGE ! The staff is so nice & helpful!! They are so friendly and really care. They should upgrade eventually but regardless they'll get customers. They also need better room service so you can order food up from the restaurants! My overall experience has been very good
1	Housekeeper STOLE a few of my medication pills for my torn acl.Also at check in my cousin informed the front desk that we had someone with crutches and my grandma who can't walk too much.. And our room was the LAST room down the hall. For a Tuesday check in at a hotel with more than one building.. I'm sure not all the vacant rooms left were at the end of the hall.. Something closer to he elevator I'm sure was available.The security who took the report was nice as well as the hotel room itself. Some positives are that there is free parking, the buffet is okay (not great but not terrible) and the rates were decent.I asked my cousin if she had anything to add and she said that the room smells and then reminded me that we were momentarily stuck in an elevator downstairs yesterday.
5	We were headed to Vegas for a family reunion, and I was not thrilled that my brother chose "The Clown Hotel" for us to stay at, especially since we all left our kids at home. However, I was impressed with the hotel. The room was very nice (we stayed in the West Tower), the beds were super comfy, and all of the employees we encountered were wonderful. I stupidly left some personal articles in the room after checkout (including $100 in cash!), and the hotel called to let me know, then graciously mailed them to me. All I had to pay was mailing costs. I would have no reservations about staying here in the future. The Midway was fun, the hotel had plenty of activities going on (be sure to check out Vince Neils Tatuado!), and we had a great time. I highly recommend the hotel, since I had an amazing experience.
1	You could not pay me a progressive jackpot to stay here again.If you want bed bug bites, chlorine filled air, the dirtiest and ugliest cocktail servers, and quite possibly one of the worst themed or thought of hotels ever...well unfortunately this place is for you.100% positive there is bed bugs as all of us got bit in our room.I highly recommend dropping acid like Johnny Depp does in "Fear and Loathing" to get you through the weekend if you have to step foot in this place.
3	We booked a one night stay at the last minute on a Saturday and it was a good value. When we walked Into the lobby, it was a bit of a junk show with people everywhere and a long line to check in. Once we got to the room it was great. Clean and comfortable despite the horror stories from other reviewers. It's definitely a different scene, but it's Las Vegas. We had fun and were comfortable.
3	Had a pleasant stay here. We stayed in the newly renovated area and had a pretty nice room. My hang up is on the few dark hairs I found in my shower which is always off-putting for me. The sheets were clean although definitely not the softest I've slept on. I noticed one of our towels had a whole in it, which I assumed was from how many times they probably get bleached. (At least that's what I tell myself!) We had a Keurig but were not given any K-cups. Late check out is an extra $20 which we haven't had to pay for in the past and didn't pay for this time. Slow wifi. No noise complaints as many reviewers have mentioned and for the price, I think we had a pretty good visit.
3	If your looking for a place to sleep only, this is your spot. Cheapest room I could find at $21 a night. If your looking to bring your kids to Vegas for the first time, look elsewhere. I was really excited to bring my kids to Vegas as this was their first time. We walked into the Hotel and the kids were like "Uhhhh dad, this place is ghetto" and it is. Not much different for when I stayed here 17 years ago. A lot of trashy guests inside. "because of the cheap price" the people in the room next to me were arguing all night and a call to the front desk was no help. The shopping area is pretty nice and the kid area with the games is GREAT! The free shows are pretty impressive also. Best advise, stay somewhere else but bring your kids over later in the day. Buffet was decent and our view from our room SUCKED.. Hahaha. You TRULLY do get what you pay for here.
4	Circus Circus still a great hotel to visit while in Vegas, the circus acts are fun. Excellent
4	DETAILS: - we stayed on the 24th floor of the Skytower- checked in last Friday and stayed until Sunday- ate at the buffet, gambled, had fun at the Adventuredome, and used the poolI will admit, you get what you pay for but in our case, it was well worth the inexpensive stay with our ten and five year old. Every single staff member there were incredibly nice and helpful, the room was pretty awesome (my husband let out the loudest sigh of relief because he remembers how it was when he was a kid), it was very VERY clean, everything worked, we had a great view, and wifi was fast and always worked. We obviously spent time at Adventuredome and the pool, both of which were clean and great for kids. Even the high schoolers working the games were nice! The pool, although a little outdated, was very clean, and had plenty of clean towels and life jackets for the kids. The snack bar line could use more help because I ended up waiting almost 30 minutes for a snow cone and the showers in the women's restroom were broken. This casino is not the best to gamble at since it has only a dozen or so machines but they paid out handsomely:) All in all, for the price, it's worth it, it's not filled with ghetto people the rooms were great, and service was impeccable.
4	I stayed here for 3 nights in the casino tower hotel with my husband and teenage son. The room prices are fantastic, and you get large rooms. The casino is very smokey, but all casinos in Vegas are, so I can't knock them down for that. They have a very nice pool, and the Midway is great for kids of all ages. The employees we encountered were friendly and helpful. I would go back to Circus Circus.
5	Great place to stay.  Great for families to be. Very kids friendly. Staff is great and very nice
3	This hotel was okay. I went here around December of 2012. We stayed here for one night because we came a day earlier.When we came there we was looking for parking so we can check in. Lucky we got help right away instead of standing in that long line and it was 12 am when we got there. We got confused where we a post to go to look for the room we rented for one night.In the morning we wanted McDonald breakfast so my wife and I went to the parking garage where we parked and look for one by the strip, luckily a security told us there's one in the hotel itself. We got lost looking for it. We saw people with McDonald's breakfast and ask them, they said its by the casino, but it was by the circus circus arcade upstair. We ask a lot of people and finally found it. The McDonald's in California where we live is cheaper.The cool thing about this hotel was the theme park in door. I like roll coaster, but this one was tall and it have loops. It made me really scared. My wife went one it 3 times before we went home.Pros:CheapBig parking garage.Cons:A lot of people.Got lost looking for our hotel room.
3	This place is okay. The problem I have with this place is they have no fridge or microwave! You have to walk like across the street to get to the pools. Parking is a hassle. Valet parking was also full! No one offered to carry our luggage to our rooms. This place offered lots of coupons in the room and you get a $20 coupon for the garden grill, buffet, and steakhouse. You also get a $10 coupon for the casino. This place is really crowded and late at night, it gets empty. My group heard the room next to us with their baby crying and they complained about our loud music. LOL. We also put a DO NOT DISTURB sign outside and someone took it. Plus, the housekeeper went in and cleaned our room even when we put it on. We didn't really see any drunk people in this hotel besides a drunk girl laying outside her room.
2	Stayed here on a four day trip, horrible customer service, said our rooms would be ready by two, and they were not.  Rooms were okay. Buffet was gross, bugs on the food. Only positive was the pretty cool circus they had. But I guess that's what you get for the price. Oh well.
1	A very old, dated hotel with a terrible customer service and with a ghetto neighborhood. Find a better place to spend your money.
1	If I could give it 0 stars, I would. SUCH a bad experience with this hotel. The pictures on the internet make it seem like its pretty decent for a "GREAT" price. We thought it would be nice since we have small children. I was wrong. I rather pay more and do other activities on the strip than to EVER stay at such gross hotel and horrible, horrible CUSTOMER SERVICE place. I was scared to even SLEEP in those rooms. Adventuredome was pretty lame as well and OVERPRICED. The parking garage feels like it's about to collapse too! the elevators to get to the hotel entrance ARE DISGUSTING. They smell like urine, cigarettes and alcohol. I mean it is even disgusting to touch those buttons. I felt like I needed a shower every time i would come out of those things.I usually take LOTS of things into consideration, but there was absolutely NOTHING good about this place. Such a a disappointment.  To their manager CHAD - either he needs more intense training on management, or he needs to find another career he is good at. Having other reps telling me what he said is NOT professional. ANSWER customers calls, don't hide from speaking with them. DO NOT CONSIDER CIRCUS CIRCUS even if it's just to "sleep" there... Good Luck!
4	Had a great time this year. We were here last year as well. The rooms are clean . Staff was friendly. Bring your own water as they want 3 dollars a bottle. But what do you expect it's Vegas. Adventure Dome was fun as usual. Kids had a great time.
1	We booked the hotel rooms because it was cheaper. We checked in  rooms are very outdated. It smells old. This hotel needs to update itself. It took us 1 hour switching between rooms but none of the room was up to our expectation.
1	If I could give this 0 stars I would.This hotel is creepy, and old. The "AdventureDome" is pretty old and stinks like cigar & it was very expensive, the games are not that fun & the carnival games give out cheap toys which I guess it's okay.The hotel room was not nice we found some teeth under the pillows,saw some stains in the walls and we found hairs on the bathtub.Yes,it's cheap but you get what you pay for. The parking lot is scary,dark and old there's two parking lots,I left my car I saw a lot of cars had dents & scratches.Also I get the theme is about circus but like cool it down on the clowns, they're literally even plastered on the parking walks. Service is too slow.The McDonalds is horrible the cheeseburgers taste like rubber.Bad neighborhood.Only thing by there that's good is Tacos El Gordo. Luxor & Excalibur are much better! Wont never stay here again.
2	Upon  walking into check in this line was ridiculous that should have been a warning that this stay was not going to be good. It took a hour to check in, we then headed to our room and the air was not working after calling more then 3 times we finally got someone to come. Mind you we came during the week on a tues not the busiest day of the week. They finally fixed the air, but the wait was horrible. The bathroom is tiny and where the coffee pot was stored DISGUSTING!!! We then took our kids to the arcade area over prices and a bunch of kids running rampant. The only reason we stayed there was for our kids, NEVER again!!! We will be staying at Excalibur or somewhere else this place is disgusting.
2	We came here because I couldn't afford much else. Unless you are dialed in, in Vegas you get what you pay for. The place smelled from the get go - but at least the hotel crew were nice. The room was clean but oldish. Not my favorite experience. My wife lost here cel charger in the ice dispenser. DONT DO THAT! Apparently it happens more than you'd think. It took nearly an hour to get someone to open it up and get it out. Time wasted waiting for help.WiFI included but spotty.We ate breakfast at the Vince Neil restaurant. The food was ok, portions were small. Go eat at Ellis Island Brewery it's great and cheap. The food vouchers they give you are pretty much useless. They take overpriced food and make it less expensive. We didn't end up using them.I really wish Circus Curcus could get their crap together. The whole place is overpriced for what it is and they won't be able to rely on $3 ring toss games to restore their image.
2	I had stayed at circus circus before and had low expectations to begin with. I chose to stay here because it had the lowest prices on the strip. However, this stay, we weren't even in the hotel!! We got rooms in the circus circus manor, which is an even further walk from the strip and about 10 mins walking to the main casino and game place. Absolutely SUCKED! The manors are behind the circus circus building and look like old, run-down motels. Even a walk to the main lobby was quite far and we were even further from the strip!! Not to mention, our faucet wouldn't shut off, it kept dripping our whole stay!! Circus circus usually isn't that bad, but if they place you in the manors, I would suggest going someplace else!
4	I have never stayed here but I like coming to bring my nieces and nephews!  -1 star because it needs major renovations! This is the only kid friendly hotel (aside from Excalibur) & smoking should be band!!!! It smells so bad in here. . . . Anyway, I love adventuredome & the arcade. You can spend a few dollars per stuff animal but its worth it to see the kids happy. They have a free show every 45min so make sure you look at the times so that you can sit 30 min before the show to get good seats!. . . Feel like a kid again in here ;) . . .
1	When I was a kid circus circus was magical and fun. The games were fun, the small little shows were exciting, and everything seemed magical especially when I won a stuffed animals. All of that faded sadly over the years coming back here. Then again that was back in Reno, NV. Maybe it was just better there. Coming to Circus Circus in Las Vegas always saddens me and the stay is a complete fail. My dad likes it here usually because of the cheap price but I would rather stay at a Motel 6 where it's functional and the housecleaning is used. This review is based on two incidents I was there. The last time I was there was with my family. We stayed at the hotel luckily. The interior is so outdated it just paints sad clowns. The inside smells musty and the housecleaning is deplorable in there. I went into the bathroom and it looked like there was a booger or snot on one of the towels. Disgusting! The toilet flushes as if you are about to be sucked into a whirlpool and worst of all the toilet wasn't flushing properly. My brother had to do number two and it wasn't pretty.  The plumbing is terrible and needs to be fixed. I can say the only thing I enjoyed here is playing a few of the games at the booths and watching a dog show. The buffet is average. There are a few good ones but the quality isn't the tastiest. Now the second incident was four years ago and it was the worse stay ever in any hotel. I think this topped everything. My stay there was appalling and excruciatingly terrible. I came with a group of friends for New Years. The whole stay was I don't know a hundred something? Really cheap for a stay especially during New Years. So we thought we got the biggest deal ever. We were all excited! By the time we arrived at the hotel the line was long and when we finally reached to the front desk the workers looked as if they didn't want to be there at all. Our front desk person didn't smile at all and looked as if working there was painful. It was New Years and it was bustling like crazy but the whole vibe just seemed miserable. When we received our hotel key we were directed to the back? I thought we were going into the hotel. Instead we were directed into the shady back area called the MANOR. All of us were like... wtf... and by the time we reached our room it was even worse inside. It was tiny and the interior looked as if it was peeling. The bathroom was puny and the place looked as if we time-traveled to the 70's, and not in a good way. So we tried to make the best out of it anyways. We just told ourselves we are staying there to crash and nothing else. The showering was a mess up and the plumbing was loud. Luckily we got out and didn't stay there to long to experience more of it's morbidity. So we had high and lows throughout the day and night and were exhausted. Once we came back to the motel we wanted to relax somewhat even if it was depressing staying there. The walls are paper thin and you can hear everybody from up, down, sideways. Everyone was feeling tired except me and my other friend so we left past midnight to McDonald's and had some coffee over there. When we came back we were locked out! Everyone was already asleep and we didn't have a key. My friend had to knock to get in and unfortunately the place is like sleeping in one room. Once we got in we finally crashed only to hear some obnoxious and rude a$$ neighbors loudly coming out the room and pounding our door and complaining. It was like wtf? Our friend wanted to call the cops but instead we let it die down and try to fall asleep. Do no, NOT stay in the manor. It was an awful stay and I would not recommend anyone to ever stray there even if it's cheap. Stay at the hotel instead. By the time we had to leave I couldn't fit a few of my clothes in my luggage and asked a few in the group if they can take my clothes. They said they would only to find out they instead left my clothes to the front desk because they had no room in their bags. They informed me that they gave my information and I would receive it. Guess what, I NEVER got my clothes back and my favorite football sweater is gone which was expensive also. The customer service needs a reboot. Circus Circus was once magical in my childhood but overtime I sadly found it jaded and unbearable at times.
1	I was very unpleased with the service here. Multiple things were messed up in the room and with our stay. For example I called prior to showing up earlier than checkin time and once I got there at five in the mornin I had to sit in my car until 11 after talking to three different people about the issue and they still made me pay for early check in.... Also our shower didn't drain restraining us from taking showers. And we paid extra for amenities including wifi which neither me or my friend were able to connect too. I definitely won't be coming back here. Oh ya and staff members who helped me were very rude. Plus maids were not nice.  I wouldn't give this place any stars.
1	We booked the hotel rooms because it was cheaper. We checked in  rooms are very outdated. It smells old. This hotel needs to update itself. It took us 1 hour switching between rooms but none of the room was up to our expectation.
3	We enjoyed our stay here enough. Sure, this isn't the most modern spot you can stay at on the strip, but it is cheap. Our room was clean and our service was friendly. Did have to wait in a line for 40 minutes to check in but, meh, I can deal with that. Free wifi was given and we enjoyed a few of the restaurants located inside the hotel. Would have appreciated having a mini-fridge in our room but again, you get what you pay for. All in all, we would stay here again (our room was located in the Skyrise Tower).
1	Horrible. The room had a weird smell, the windows were streaked and looked like someone had once sprayed windex on them and never bothered to wipe it off. They don't look at all as nice as the pictures online. And it was almost impossible to find the front lobby for checkin. When we first got there, we tried to place an order for pickup at the pizzeria downstairs. They wouldn't do pickup orders, only deliveries, and would charge an extra 15% delivery fee - what a joke! Never coming back.
4	So we came in at 3a, long line to check in, but we were upgraded to a mini site for free. Card machine want working so they had security open or door for us (didn't mind since we were only spending one night here) but the check was very friendly and security merry us at our door and was wise cranking commissioner Gordon! Haha, great guy. Nice little suite, comfy bed, nice soft/firm pillows, regular bathroom, didn't drain to fast but will enough. I do enjoy occasionally gambling here, and after this room, maybe might actually stay here instead of just a one time nap
2	I first arrived in Vegas too early to check into Circus Circus, so I stayed at the local Red Roof Inn for a few hours to get some sleep. I wish I would have just stayed at the Red Roof Inn the entire time, because it was so much nicer than this massively gross hotel. The only positive about this place is the massive free parking garages that they have. That's it. Between the air conditioning in the rooms that hardly worked, the disgusting elevators, the difficult staff, the annoyingly pushy housekeeping people, the overpriced food/alcohol/EVERYTHING that they have in their building, it makes for an unpleasant experience. Circus Circus is probably the cheapest large hotel out of all the big ones in Vegas - But do yourself a favor, whether you're coming with kids, or a significant other, save your money, stay at the nicely remodeled Red Roof Inn down the street where you'll save a ton of money that you can then spend on doing fun stuff in Vegas. Sinking your money into this damn Circus place is just a waste.
2	Old school. Went here as a kid. Wouldn't stay here as an adult as the rooms are run down and out dates, but a trip to Vegas ( or Reno...) isn't complete without some carnival games at circus circus. They also now have rides but super loud in the dome. I don't have kids but if I did, this would be THE place to go in Vegas. I don't find much use for their rewards club card as you have to but in with $50 to get any points.
2	I hate to give 3 less stars but I believe this to be appropriate. We stayed in the sky rise tower this time since we mainly just needed a place to sleep...our room was okay but not as clean as the west tower rooms. Also, we had a Keurig but no pods. We requested some but we're told they were out. The snack machines on 4th floor were in operable and took our money a few times. They took other people's money as well.Behind our headboard was trash and our neighbors made tons of noise all night. I am usually not one to rant about small things but these things couldn't be overlooked. Next time I'll stick to west tower.
1	Circus circus should be a great place for families because of their arcade and entertainment. However they don't deliver in the room accommodations. The carpet was horribly filthy. You can see it's mostly stained and has not been changed for 50 years. Seriously! The drainage in the shower was slow and the faucets were leaking. The bed cover/ comforter was so dirty...you could see the dust come out when you tap the bed. They had a coffee maker in the room which was the only plus, but that didn't work either. The pictures in their website looked good but man, it looks just like the opposite. I will never stay in circus circus anymore, even though they have the best entertainment for kids. We should just book somewhere else and bring them there one day.
3	I have only stayed here once, and probably the last time I will stay a night here.The rooms are alright. They are rather on the small side, and they don't have really any views. During Christmas time it was hell trying to check in. Fortunately they helped my Dad immediately because he is handicapped! I give them their stars for that. It is super easy to get lost here! I couldn't even find the McDonald's!!!! Also it's more expensive than a California McDonald's. The coolest thing here is the indoor theme park! I will come back for the indoor theme park  ^^
1	I have stayed at Circus Circus  before over the years for work conventions etc. this last time was a joke it was like a ghetto casino from  arriving, waiting for ever in a line I had online Mlife reservations with a $92 deposit on a $75 a night room. I thought ok reasonable,  after the long driving around parking structure to find a parking spot within a black of front desk.  line &  having the bell hop take us up to our room to find a half naked man in a robe on the bed   then we had to fight through the crowds with our luggage all over again to get to the front desk. got a slight I am sorry and another room lug all the way back up through casino past towers to the room.  Called front Desk what time is the pool open till? they said 9Pm    then the fun part locating the pool... it is not even on the property but across the street at a KOA camp ground. we asked 2 staff members where it was  The first girl said " I don't know this place be\very well just from the parking lot to my area, second a maintenance guy who said we had to go down stairs walk across the 4 lanes of traffic and it was there . we found it walked in and it was a mess of wet towels people passed out, low end looking ghetto crowd baby diapers under lawn chairs ...Used  spilled/ vomited  red looking stuff all over a lamp post  and pool deck. it was like wow  what a shit hole! Then the life guard blows the whistle after we finally just got our drink and was told the pool was closed ...I said the front desk said 9 pm? he said no 8pm so now the dreaded walk back through the run down hallways and maze of stairs , escalators and elevators  and shoulder shrugging unhelpful staff .we left  on checking out I received a bill on my credit card  for an additional $161.00 on top of the $92  a total of $253.25  when I was quoted on line at $75 a night  beware  DO NOT HAVE THE SAME HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE . I think this hotel is just waiting to be demolished and is a MGM tax write off as a slum.
2	Outdated remnant from the 70's hostile corporate junk bond takeover of the old mobster Vegas.  Circus' is about due for a good taste of its own medicine.  Please, someone buy and revamp/demolish this casino?!  It has been renovated but never actually updated since the 90's.  It's smelly dingy and awkwardly laid out.  There are many activities for the kids.  Most are also outdated.  The rooms are cheap.  Expecting a Motel 6 rather than a resort type room.  I would have to say that this casino, Vegas terms, is embarrassing.  To think international visitors come to our town imagining the City Center but get weasel'd here because of the low price.  Embarrassing.  lol
4	This hotel is very affordable. We got a lot more than we thought we would for the price. The room was well stocked, clean, and came with complementary wifi. The air conditioning worked very well which is important in the Las Vegas weather. The service from the front desk was above average. Personally, I don't like having housekeeping in daily so I just put the "do not disturb" sign on my door and I was never interrupted by housekeeping. Whenever I needed anything I asked housekeeping and I would get it. The location could be a bit better. Overall, this hotel is a great deal.
1	Decided to stay here for the 4th of July because we have a toddler now and just thought it would be more appropriate. We haven't been to vegas since our wedding in 2006. Vegas has changed a lot, but the hotel has not. There were pubic hairs and other "things" on our bathroom floor and counter. The rest of the room looked as though it doesn't ever get vacuumed, or cleaned period!  If we could have left and got our money back we would have. When we checked in there was no parking available and I mean none, no valet, no self parking, etc....  Unbelievable!!! We will definitely never being staying here again. I just thought this place would cater to kids and be more child friendly, but instead I have to worry about what he's touching every second!!' Nasty!!
5	tons of fun!!!!!!!!
1	Absolutely disgusting!  If I could give it zero stars, I would.  The smell is awful.  The main  lobby smells like mildew and the lobby to the room smelled like bubble gum and smoke.  Woke up to a cock roach on the wall.    Never again!  If I ever find myself stuck in Vegas with limited room options again, I'll sleep in my car rather than stay at Circus Circus.
4	The fam & I stayed here from june 25 to 27th. We simply loved it. Room was huge and we had great service. This was my first trip to Vegas but I'm already planning my next. Thank u Circus Circus
1	I understand the room was very inexpensive for being in Las Vegas and I was NOT expecting 4 star service at all. But I could not get over how much the staff hates their jobs. It is written all over their faces. The front desk staff was rude-talked very fast, had to ask her to repeat herself a few times, and didn't explain where our room was at all. We got lost going to our room! Adventure dome was as we expected-but it was dirty, and again the staff had the look of death in their eyes. They did not give a crap about anyone; in fact they looked annoyed when my husband stated he wanted to purchase a rock climb and bungee jump for my kids. The food was not worth the price at all! And the coffee maker in my room didn't work. So glad it was one night. So glad I will never go back!!!
4	Came here for Adventuredome and Midway Circus. Both events are ideal fun for the whole family. The prices for the rides at Adventuredone and the arcade games at Midway are very reasonable. Midway is awesome! The best part is it's FREE! Different acts every 30 to 45 minutes! While Adventuredome has a 10 minutes clown act every hour. You don't have to be a guest at this hotel to enjoy the fun.
5	My husband and I have been staying here of the past 3 years on our anniversary. We love booking our stay here because of the friendly employees and the location is great. The Adventuredome is automatically 5 stars for us. Not including the Grill, the room and the overall experience. Room: Was spacious, quiet, clean and safe. Internet: Why do you need internet when you're in VEGAS?? Go out and have some fun! You can be on the internet when you are at home! ;)Food/Restaurants/Buffets: We loved everything we ate there EXCEPT the Pizzeria. Everything else was great. Employees/CheckIn/Out: We had no real big issues. The first time we checked in, we did not know check in was at 3PM, so our room was not ready. We were there at around 11AM and we ended up taking a room that had two Queen/Full beds rather than the King. But we were hardly in the room. We were out roaming around Vegas so it didn't make a difference much. Casino: I mean what can you say-its a casino! Slots, tables, people everywhere gambling having fun! As long as I can play my favorite game "GoldFish" then we have no problems! ;)We will be there again this year for our anniversary! Can't wait!
5	We stayed here and went to my cousins wedding we stayed for 5 days and enjoyed the amusement park, pizza parlor, sushi, mcdonalds, buffet and my son had a blast in the kids arcade area or carnival area.We ordered room service. The steak was delicious and so was the omlets Our room was very nice. We had a 2 rooms suite and really enjoyed our stay here.
4	Went there for a week for business and to see my wife compete in a dance competition.  The room in skyrise was nice and good for the price and was well kept.  I loved the midway and arcade which had fun for the whole family plus shows all the time.  It's also close to the strip if you want to check it out but dosn't have all the congestion and traffic of the strip.
2	Took a taxi to Circus Circus with my wife and child last weekend so my little one could ride the rides. All I can say I'm glad we weren't staying there, it was very dirty inside and smelled like smoke. There seemed to be a lot of families staying there with out of control kids. The arcade and rides were just ok, not worth the money for the taxi but it killed some time and kept my little girl busy a while.
1	Let me just start by saying DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL... I will give you our experience is short then explain everything in full. Within the first 10 hours we were switched to 3 different rooms, treated like crap by all the employees and rooms smell either like cat piss or dirty trash!!! Okay here it goes:So this is everything off the top of my head... mix in extreme attitude from the staff as if they hate their jobs and are being forced to work there1. We had to walk through the whole casino floor with 9 bags to the check in at 9:45pm2. Check in line was 45 minutes which we understand is not their fault they were busy but at least be nice and smile 3. We go to the far tower with 9 bags to our room and our key doesnt work4. We wait 25 minutes in a hot hallway for security to open our door you then acts like it isnt our room as if we are stupid and went to the wrong door and knocks over and over on the door5. We have to add our other night online because they couldn't do it at the front desk check in, you can only book a room for that day at the front desks6. call guest services to see where we go for a new key, she talks to us like we are a stupid child 7. We walk back down to the main lobby to  get new keys and to have them mark that we are staying in the same room, they said thats fine 8. We go over to talk to someone about all the problems and she tells us we cant stay in the same room because someone booked it for tomorrow, so she gives us a new room9. We go get our bags and take them to the next room, same tower but up stairs... room smells funny and looks nothing like the pictures and has an old school tv in it10. The light in our new bathroom is broken, we say f##k it we havent ate all day so lets go eat first11. Its after midnight so everything is closed except a un appealing Deli, Krispy Cream and Vince Neils restaurant so we eat there 12. Back at the room we call to have the light fixed 2 hours later they still haven't come to fix it  so we cancel so we can go to bed13. We wake up and call to have the light fixed. She hangs up on me after I tell her what's going on14. We call to speak to a manager, they hang up on us 15. We call back and demand to speak to a manager, he finally gets on the phone we explain everything he says he is moving our room and dropping the charge for the night16. I call bell service while my friend goes down and talks to the manager and get new keys, they tell me to call back because they arent going to come up get the bags and bring them down and then go back up (well what the heck  that's what we have been doing since we get there!!!) 17. Maid service just walks in no knock nothing and then is bitchy because we are still in the room and she is going to have to come back18. We get the new room number, bell man comes up gets  The bags and takes us in a service elevator to our new room which is better then the last but smells like a dirty trash in a woman's restroom (if you know what I mean... dirty sanitary stuff) and again looks nothing like the pictures online19. We have to go down stairs because it looks like he charged the upgrade card. He says it is a refund but its in the wrong column of the receipt, they're charge column is actually credits and the credits is actually charges... if this is true why don't they just fix that in the system?20. We left a item in our room and called to tell them, they said it hadn't been turned in and to try back. In the next 24 hours before we left we called 3 times and each time they said no it hasn't been turned in or reported. So basically we know it was left on the bed and now our childs doll that we know was left in the bed magically got up and walked away within 2 hours from the first time we called!!! The employees are so rude and just when you think something has been fixed for you something else goes wrong and they give you an attitude about it and talk down to you as if some how you being in the hotel is a bother. CUSTOMER SERVICE TRAINING IS NEEDED BY ALL STAFF!!! Mind you my husband (who was not with us) works at a casino in San Diego and he was appalled by everything we were telling him, he said their hotel would be ashamed and be doing everything they could to fix everything and everything would have been comp'd (food everything) not just one night. I wasnt asking for all that I would have been happy with an apology, fixing the issue right away, no rudeness or something. I mean they treat you like they could careless if you come back and like you are bothering them by being there. Mind you we were very passive and not angry or rude at all like we should have been, and like the other people who were down at the front desks complaining!!! I don't like leaving bad reviews but this one is much needed!!!
5	Did not stay at the hotel but we did stay at the carnival  all day. My son's loved the rides and games it was open till 12am great day great price.
2	This review is for the Circus Circus Manor Motor Lodge. Avoid the Manor Lodge at any cost! I finished my two weeks trip in Utah and was heading back to Los Angeles. My plan was staying at Las Vegas for One night and then continued my trip back home. Because it was Friday, every hotel in Las Vegas was expensive. I picked Circus Circus since it had a decent rate. Still, it cost me 134 dollars for one night. When I I booked the hotel, I didn't pay attention to the fact that the room was in the Manor Motor Lodge. Now I regretted my carelessness. The Manor Motor lodge is nothing but a motel.The motor lodge is separated with the casino and the West Tower. After check-in, you will have to walk a long way to your room, which is not a pleasant experience considering the hot Summer of Las Vegas. The worst part is that the room is outdated. Furniture in the room is exactly what you will expect in a Motel 6 or Super 8. In addition, one desk lamp in my room was not functioning. If you stay during weekdays for 30 dollars per day+ the 14 dollars resort fee, it is somehow acceptable. However, if I spend 134 dollars for one night in this room, I really expect more than motel 6 experience.If you spend your vacation in Las Vegas, I will suggest you spending a little bit more picking one of the room in the West Tower or going somewhere else.
1	Warning- Long but honest review for my family's recent stay at Circus Circus Las Vegas. My husband, 2 year old son, and I booked a West Tower room for 4 nights (July 14-18). We were visiting family and our son was with us, we thought the family friendly Circus Circus would be perfect, but we ended up leaving early after a serious incident. Check in: Arrived at 3PM, to find a huge line that looked like it would take hours; no surprise considering the time. Kudos to the front desk staff for their quick service - only took 35 minutes.Room:  Although our room was updated it was already showing a lot of wear and tear. The furniture had stains and many scratches. TV was crooked. Leaky tub faucet and the light in the bathroom was out. Left a lot to be desired, but considering it is a budget resort, we weren't expecting much. Had clean beds, no complaints. Bell desk was quick getting our bags up to the room, but wasn't very friendly and did not help bring them in. Grounds: The resort is a zoo with a constant flowing sea of children. Not an issue for us, but could be a major con others. Grounds are reasonably maintained, if a little dated. There is an issue with casino and Midway location. Children are to stay out of the gaming area, but the location of the Midway is above the casino and the only access is in the middle of the gaming floor. Not only is this inconsiderate to players, it is confusing to kids. That aside, the circus acts were amusing, games were reasonably priced ($1 or so), and the operators were fun. Location not an issue with the Adventuredome as it is located at the back of the property. Lots of rides for a reasonable price if you buy a day pass. Perfect for those with kids. Casino: Visited when Grandma asked to babysit our son... We always enjoy the casino at here. The dealers are super friendly and they have $5 blackjack. Slots seem pretty loose. Cocktail waitresses are outgoing and fast. It should be noted that they don't use brand liquors, but drinks are still free to players. You can usually get your standard beer selection. Food: Restaurant variety that is able to accommodate most tastes. The buffet was your standard buffet at a decent price, but pretty limited for those diners with dietary restrictions (I'm gluten free). However, they did whip up some custom dishes for me and made sure to take special care. Our bus person was also very helpful and attentive. Despite the mediocre selection, our buffet experience was quite exceptional due to the hard working staff. We were having a pretty great time at Circus Circus. However, on the 3rd day of our stay that all changed...On Wednesday, July 16th, we decided to spend the day on the Strip. Before we left, we neatened up the room, made sure our bags were closed and out of the way, all to make it easier for the housekeeper. When we got back, our room had been cleaned and seemed in order. That is, until my husband opened his bag. He had a money clip in the bottom of his bag with $600 exact. We use this as our gambling money and only remove cash in $100 increments (we're VERY meticulous). While out he realized he forgot to lock it in the safe after the previous night, but didn't think it would be an issue since it was in the very bottom of his closed, packed bag. When he checked after we got back, his money clip now only had $440 and his clothes looked as they had been moved. Nothing else in the room was disturbed. If someone broke into our room, other things would have been gone. Someone was trying to hide it as it appeared they attempted to put everything back in place. In our minds, the only person who could have done this is the housekeeper.We immediately called security. They said someone would be right up (took 45 minutes). The security woman apologized for the delay but was very thorough and attentive. She explained the investigation process and told us to contact risk management in the morning. We contacted them the next morning and were told there was "nothing we can do" and "this is why we provide a safe". We know we should have used the safe (honest mistake), but we should be able to trust the staff not the go through our bags and steal from us. They told us the investigation would take a minimum 10 days. We understand the process takes time but we asked if they'd do anything to help in the mean time. We still had 1 night left and this really soured our trip. No offer to make it right, no refunds, not even a real apology (just "sorry, you should have used the safe"). Victim blaming is not an apology!We went to the front desk to see if they would be willing to do anything. The manager there too said there was nothing they "could" do and offered the same "apology". We immediately checked out, went to Harrah's, and were very happy. It's a shame we couldn't even get a real apology from Circus Circus. Their loss. We go to Vegas at least twice year and have a growing family, their key demographic. Obviously, we won't be back.
5	Went for vacation early 07/2014, we stayed in the West tower, the room was great, and the hotel workers was very helpful and nice. Would love to stay at this place again. The Buffet was great, food was hot and delicious unlike Studio B where the food was cold. Would recommend this to families with young children. Adventuredome was a blast. If you get coupons from online, or two-for-one buffet- be sure to go to the players club first and cash them in--saves you a few steps.  Can't wait to go back.
2	Stayed here on my most recent trip to Vegas.    Never again!   The place is old, smells and dingy.Also somehow I managed to end up at the only hotel in Vegas that was filled with Kids!!!   REALLY!!??   I'm in Vegas to get away from out of control screaming kids, not multiply them by TEN MILLION!! The pool was so disgusting and filled with screaming kids who are no doubt still urinating in the pool as I write this.  Gross!!   I had to leave and went around the corner to Sapphire Adult Pool & Day Club.   Wow - now that place was great.Anyway back to the Circus.     The thing that was great about this place was the free valet parking.  Otherwise it sucked.     Stay away!
1	I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. It is far from the fun of the Las Vegas trip, is old looking and just an all-around bad hotel. My family and I stayed in the Casino towers which is in the main building and I was very unimpressed. The room was not fully cleaned when we first got there; there were little bits of trash in the bathroom/closet area, as well as hairs in the sink. The beds were also not very soft and the sheets were kind of stiff. There were few electrical sockets to plug in our phone and other electronic charges-- we had to unplug the alarm clock and lamps in order to charge our things. The toilet in the bathroom is scary... when you flush it, it makes this majorly loud vacuum sucking sound and is pretty startling. I understand that this hotel is more of a kid-friendly option, but goodness there are a LOT of kids running around, bumping into you, unaccompanied. It was very annoying trying to get from one point of the hotel to the other with all the kids running around, and even adults who didn't seem to know how to walk and would just stop in the middle of the walkway. One thing that really stunk about this hotel is that it is so far away from all of the major tourist attractions on the strip. You pretty much have to take a taxi everywhere or buy a bus pass for the strip. It is at the very, very end of the strip and walking to any of the other hotels is pretty much out of the question, unless you are good with walking longer distances to places. We did not stay in the manor, so I can't really discuss that but one of the taxi drivers we used one day told us that the manor is definitely a place to avoid because of the criminal/sketchy activity that goes on around there. We also did not eat in any of the restaurants, so can't really discuss that either.The midway area was pretty cool, VERY crowded but neat. I didn't catch the circus acts, which was a bummer. The pool there that I saw seemed REALLY tiny. Not nearly big enough for all the people staying at the hotel. Plus, I was a little weary about how sanitary the pool/pool area was considering the inside of the hotel was not great.
1	I was anticipating a great experience at this Hotel with my friends and family and was very disappointed. From the moment of check in they wanted to charge me 10.00 for checking in early, which I asked to be waived and they did comply. There is a 14.50 per day resort fee and they give you a booklet of useless coupons that give you no good deals at all. I understand the hotel has been around a while but there is no excuse for the the musty rooms and filthy, not dirty, yes filthy carpets. The rooms are outdated, nasty, and even the coffee maker was dirty with coffee grinds from a previous occupant!!! My sister experienced a dirty coffee maker as well. Someone with my group had a room of bed bugs. His back was covered in bites!! They gave him a new room and did offer to laundry his clothes. His next door neighbor had a bed bug issue as well in the West Tower. Walls are thin at Circus Circus, I had a neighbor that was having a party and screaming out sexual favors and pleasures a big part of the night. This place is definitely not family friendly in my opinion. Prices are outrageous specifically for families, and the restaurant food is 2nd class in taste and price. I experience cold food, and stale tasting drinks and we ended up having to go outside of the hotel to eat our meals. The restaurants as well as the Casino have no idea of what clean and sanitary means...So sad because this hotel is Iconic in Vegas, but could use a makeover in Management, customer service and cosmetics.. I will never recommend or go there again...A big let down for my family and group of friends(about 20 of us), and we traveled from Texas for this occasion....Hope anyone that decides to go will have a better experience than we did!!
3	If you got kids this is the place to go. Parking lot is very tight and it gets packed like crazy. It's best to go early in the morning rather then the middle of the day. Games are fun, everyone enjoys it, and that's what really matters.
2	I mean...I get it, it's the only like fun place dedicated to kids. But there's literally 500,000 kids everywhere at all times! I mean, it probably didn't help that we were visiting during the Junior NBA's and I think they were hosting it. So I mean, make a wrong turn and feel like a sardine in a can. So the pros about CC: my kids liked it here. The cons about CC: my kids liked it here. The games are like fair games...you keep playing trying to get the bigger prize. The employees look unamused to be working there. They look like they wish they could be anywhere else, other than there. I'm not sure if I blame them. NOTE: if you have multiple kids, make sure to bring the bank roll. Or deal with some seriously disappointed kids with their flower prizes. They have shows that happen maybe every hour and a half. We got seats for the scarf arial dancer. My kids liked watching the girl do that. An employee walks around selling popcorn and cotton candy. Kinda gives you that circus without the animal smell feeling. We didn't go o adventure dome...but I'm not too sure my kids would be into that. I believe it's $30 for an all day pass. They have a McDonalds in the game area...of course they do. Well played, Circus Circus, well played. I'd probably never stay in this place...but it's a good place to let your kids run wild for a few hours.
2	Within the first 5 hours of going through the casino and pool, a 10 year old asked me for money, and an 80 year old made a racist comment about my 2 year old child. I know this isn't exactly the hotels fault, but this is what to expect when your paying minimal rates to stay in Vegas I guess. Everything else was just ok. Really, it's just a place to lay your head to sleep. In and out is your best bet. My wife and kids left after our initial 2 day stay and went to Luxor....head and shoulders above Circus Circus, at just a little bit higher price.
1	For the price I payed to stay here ($200+ for one night) I was pissed at the poor quality. Yes it is on the strip but it is right at the very end and in the Vegas heat not really walking distance. Also I was put up in the "manor" rooms which meant that the room was in a separate building a good 5 min walk outside from the front desk and valet. The manors looked and felt exactly like a cheep motel any where in the country and the hallways and room (which was non smoking) both smelled. The free Wifi was so slow I could barely check my email and the bathroom and sheets where awful.  Also because it is "family friendly" the place had none of the class and elegance I had previously experienced in Vegas. If you are an adult traveling with out children there is no reason to stay her, either save your money and stay off the strip of for $50 more stay in one of the much nicer hotels just down the road.
1	Bed bugs!  No joke!  Sorry for the grammar/spelling I am doing this on my phone.  First we arrive and the GPS took us to the hotel entrance where we used the valet with no issue.  We get in line for the check-in, took about 10 minutes, great!  Pulled the $20 sandwich trick, dude knew what we were doing, awesome.  We go up to our room and there is a manager lady inspecting the room.  She saw a small tear in the lamp shade and said she was going to replace it.  She left the room.  In the meanwhile we pulled back the sheets to find both beds had torn sheets and both had big stains, but they were clean.  We go into the bathroom to find that the ceiling is leaking above the shower head.  It was a huge bubble and was dripping pretty fast into our tub.  I called the front desk and they told me to sit tight engineering will be there in 45 minutes.  I requested a new room and they asked that I stay until engineering gets there.   Engineering shows up and so does the manager lady.  Engineering says yup, you guys may want to get a new room.  Manager lady got a bellhop to bring us keys to our new room after another 30 min wait.  So we move rooms, tired and cranky but they took care of it.  We get to our new room and it looks great.  Until my nephew went to look out the window and found 3 used Q tips laying on the floor where he was standing.  I was grossed out as was my wife and nephew.  I went to the hallway to tell the house keeper who could not understand me or the things I was saying.  I got frustrated and went back to my room to call the manager.  They were sending housekeeping and the housekeeping manager.  In the meantime my wife stepped on a staple and we found 4 more thick gauge staples around the room.  Housekeeping arrives picks up the Q tips and says sorry.  They leave.  Still a little grossed out.  By this time it's been 2 hours since check-in so the wife and nephew went to bed and I went to gamble.  It took me a bit to find the casino floor as the signs were not clear, but I finally found it.  It was way to cramped so I never even sat down and headed to the Rio.  When I came back it was much later and I decided to sit down to enjoy some blackjack.  Table was nice, dealer was nice, rules were the norm and they only had $10 tables.  The other players were pretty unsavory characters.   There was definitely some gang affiliations going on with-in that casino and not just one.  So I retire for the evening to my room and went to sleep.  It was quiet and a decent bed.  I woke up the next morning and went to take a shower.  The tub was filling much faster than the drain could keep up which grosses me and my wife out.  So I finished and told my wife, she didn't want to shower in there.  As I am getting dressed my wife is out of the bed and says eew a bug on our sheet.  She goes to flick it off and I said wait.  And I got down and looked at it and said "do you know what that is?"  She says no, it's not a bed bug is it?   Now I have only heard of these but have never seen one, thanks to the power of Google I Google'd it.  Sure enough it was a dead bed bug!  I was irate!  I called the front desk and demanded to speak with a manager immediately! They connect me to a supervisor who I told I found a bed bug and I wanted to cancel my room for the night and wanted a full refund for both nights!   He offered me a refund for the next night but wouldn't give me one for the previous until there is an investigation of the bed bug which could take 10 days.  He then Sent security to the room to start the investigation with written complaints and pictures of the bed bug.  When we went to check out I found the supervisor and asked him if he had see the pictures, he said yes.  I said is it what I thought it was, he said he was legally not allowed to say and I could find my answer if I Google'd it.  I said I want my money back for last night now.  Again he said he couldn't.  I said what if I stood here in your lobby and started showing people the picture? He said he would have the police escort me off the property.   So I left peacefully and went to the mgm grand for the next night.  This was just a terrible experience and will never go back.  It's been 13 days and still no refund.  I will try to add a photo!
2	Photo booth at the park - Lying to people stating the package is only $30, charging $31.46 asking why they charge more after they just told me it is $30, Katie (the manager) and Mariah told me the 1.46 is for "tax", but they charge additional tax... She then explain her boss was asking her to lie about it - unbelievable
1	Vehicle was broken into while parked in their lot. Punched the lock and when I tried to tell security for a report they looked dumbfounded. Eventually they took one but not happy with situation. Obviously security officers on duty not patrolling. Room was clean and non smoking but smelled really bad as if someone smoked in it. Family next door with 5 kids screaming and jumping kept us up all hours of the night. Kids loved the games and amenities. Price was good but what I saved on the hotel I am now paying in a vehicle damage deductible :(
1	The only reason it got 1 star was for the price and free circus acts which I haven't seen yet. The non smoking rooms are mixed with the smoking rooms so you smell the smoke. The wallpaper is peeling and the tub/shower is breaking apart. The rooms smell musty. Very inconvenient parking and access to the monorail. During our stay the fire alarm went off at 4 am with no announcement so we thought there was a fire. We pack our things quickly only to find it's a false alarm. The hallway smells strongly of marijuana, and so someone had set off the fire alarm due to smoking. I called the front desk and had to wait 20 minutes for them to answer and all they say is "sorry" and "people are allowed to smoke it with a prescription but if you can smell it in your non smoking room, we will send security to investigate." Wow, what great customer service. I will never stay here again. Also, the buffet is like hometown buffet but twice the price. And it is supposed to be kid-friendly but everywhere you walk the smell of smoke overpowers you. I would never bring my child here.
2	Yes, this IS the ghetto of the Strip.  Smelly, sketchy and very cheap. HOWEVER, if you're in Vegas with kids it's a must visit.  The Midway and Arcade are a blast for the little ones.  Total throw back to the shady carnival games of a day gone by (in a good way).  Toss in the free trapeze acts and my 8 & 10 year olds had a ton of fun.That alone earned 2 stars from me.  Just wash your hands when you leave.  ;)
2	The circus circus is a very kid friendly hotel with with the adventure dome and midway arcade. The arcade and adventure dome is very enjoyable as fir the rooms they were decent not the greates but ok. The casino is very smokey and dirty.
2	Overall, It's a dive, but inexpensive and the kids had fun on the rides and playing games. We had a smoke free room but it still smelled like smoke. Rooms are low end looking. Plumbing was awful. I would probably pay a few extra bucks and stay some place else and if you have kids, swing by for a few hours to hit the rides and games.
1	For lack of a better word, all I have to say about this place is "yucky."Parking is horrendous. Spaces are tight and the parking structure is filthy. Upon entering the hotel, you get the familiar stench of cigarette smoke. No ventilation like the newer hotels. While walking through the casino, some spots are super cold and some are warm. I remember staying here when we would go on family vacations, but I would definitely stay away from here now. Let's get to the arcade area since that's where we spent the majority of our time. Let's just say that I've never been more grossed out in a while. SO. MANY. PEOPLE.Gross!!! I didn't want to touch anything. Lots of spoiled little brats running around unsupervised. And why are kids these days so fat??? Oh I know, cuz their parents are fat too and don't care about being healthy. I get that kids want to have fun too, but this place is disgusting.
4	Went on a road trip and spontaneously decided to go to Vegas. Looked online for a family hotel and chose Circus circus! Great place to stay at if you have kids. The circus shows were interesting and entertaining. The arcade and games were pretty cheap. The hotel itself was decent although the shower kept on getting clogged haha. The adventure some was perfect for my nieces. They enjoyed the rides. Tons of gift shops and food places. Super close to the Strop! Walkable to other places!
5	I really don't get the bad rap this hotel is getting.  I was very heistant to stay here because of all the bad reviews but my wife said we should check it out for the kids.  To say the least we had a great time.  I spent $80 on a room for two nights, including a $20 food voucher, a coupon for $45 in chips for $30 and numerous other coupons.  We spent around $85 total on an all day passes for the adventuredome  for 4 people and we loved it.  The hotel was extremely crowded but it did not smell like smoke and in fact my wife and I agreed the hotel seemed as clean as any other hotel we stayed at in Vegas.  I was up at 4am walking around jetlagged and I could not believe the cleaning that was taking place.  Guys on their hands and knees scrubbing the lobby carpet and one guy cleaning every stair on the escalator, one by one.  Our room was extremely clean and newly remodeled and the bed was very comfortable. Some of the hallway carpets were a little worn and the gym is sub-par, but my take is that for $40 per night it does not get much better and easily 5 stars at this price point.  My kids are already asking if we can go back.
4	Had a blast with my fiance. Went to the arcade had a blast.Got the most prizes in my life.Shopping there can make you gk broke cause theres just way to many cute stores with to many cute items lolCool show different and free everytime cant beat it.Get a nice tall margeritra and have fun
3	I did read many negative reviews but for the price I really didn't care. I think some people book last minute get a hike in price for doing so and then complain because it's "ghetto". That's probably because it's cheap, affordable and attractive to families with children . This is the first time I have stayed at the hotel with my 3 children and for the 70 dollars I paid for a Saturday was great and couldn't be beat. I can't lie..the decor needs an upgrade, especially the bathroom but we weren't planning on staying all day staring at mismatched colors. There are casinos, restaurants, circus shows, Adventure Dome, shops and a pretty spacious pool. I did hear that if you book last minute the chances of being sent to the motorlodge was high and from the remarks, I'm guessing it's pretty scrappy over there. I stayed in the skytower with the kids and they loved every minute. If you don't want to be around a bunch of teens, children or obnoxious people....and want "luxury", then I suggest to drive a bit more south to other hotels. You'll find ghetto and sketchy people all up and down the strip regardless. From my point of view and in my opinion, the price was right, children had a blast and didn't cost me an arm or a leg.Update--08/17/2014My original review was placed on our first night. I felt like I need to update this place after my first night stay. This might be funny to some and perhaps serious to others, but I think my room was haunted. I took a shower and put the kids down, organized a few things before I slipped into the bed. I turned off the lights and closed my eyes. I was woken up by what seemed like something jumping on the bed, so I jumped up and turn on the lights but there was nothing there. I thought maybe it was part of a dream that had wake me up, so I just went back to sleep. I had the most creepy feeling ever and as a mother of three sleeping children..my nerves were on edge. Again, I heard something in the corner of the room so I just turned on the lights and left it on. I called down to the front desk and didn't want to seem like a crazy person, so I asked if there were any other rooms available. I was told they were completely booked and they apologized. It was about 1:45am when I went to sleep (again) and was woken up by a huge bang  at 3:17am (mind you the light in the bathroom was left on) and when I stood up..everything on the table was now on the floor!! MY Purse, bag, ipad, papers from check in and a cup of juice. All of it on the floor, almost as if the table tipped over -_-. Needless to say, I ended up just staying up turning on another light and opening the blinds. I ended up dozing off at 7am and the sun was coming up so I felt a bit at ease. At exactly 8:15am, I hear someone trying to open the door. I went to look through the peep hole and it was one of three housekeepers in the hall way. She apologized and said she had the wrong room!! Are you freaking kidding me??? First the angry ghost and then the early bird housekeeper. Checkout is at 11am thank you very much. SO.....Sleep at your own risk lol. I am now home and on 3 hrs of sleep. I now have a love ..hate thing with Circus Circus.
4	I am SO happy I did not really care to pay attention to many of the negative reviews on Circus Circus! Complain about walking? Really? This is Vegas! You walk, you eat, you gamble, you have fun, and you visit other hotels just wishing you could afford one of those rooms for a couple days!!!!! DUH! I'll just tell you my experience. I went with my 6 year old and my husband from Sunday to Wednesday. This hotel with flight included cost under $400 each. Not only was it affordable (one reason to not compare it to other hotels on the strip DUH #1) but it also gave us spending money to go visit the Adventuredome which was SOOOOO MUCH fun! That costed $25 each and we went and came back later after taking a stroll down the strip. There are a lot of families which equates to LOTS of kids, cousins, grandmas, and uncles around because it is family friendly (another reason to not compare it to other hotels on the strip DUH #2). We also went to eat at THE STEAK HOUSE and OMG, I had the best filet mignon I had ever eaten and I have been to a lot of fancy steak houses. It did cost $52 but it included a delish salad which included beets and orange tomatoes. Along with two sides. We also ate at some of the more affordable places such as the Blue Iguana and the Pizzaria. I just would NOT go to Vince Neil's spot. The margaritas were horrible along with the service and the chicken fingers my husband threw up after 30 minutes of eating them. Either way, I appreciate the affordability and quality of food for the other spots. My husband also gambled at the $3 Blackjack table! He had so much fun because once again...this place is affordable. (DUH #3). I did not give it five stars because the pool is lacking some updating but it was still a decent pool, however remodeling it in the near future may help with the visual aspect of Circus Circus. In the end, ALWAYS wash your hands whether at Circus Circus or the Bellagio and I would definitely come back...only with kids.
1	Salon @ Circus Circus - Let Down You're Hair SalonOMG where can I start...?I called and spoke with the lady that does the manicures & pedicures (Desiree) made an appointment for the next morning with her.  I arrived 10 minutes early for my 9:30am appt.  This chick shows up @ 10am.  She gives me some excuse.  Honey thats not my problem.  You had my # you could have called me to tell me you were running late.No receptionist, so she is constantly answering the phone while she is suppose to be doing my pedicure.  She is unorganized.  Didn't know the correct steps to apply the "gel" polish.At my regular salon it only takes 45 minutes for a pedicure.  I wasted almost 1-1/2 dealing with this woman.  Desiree, you do not know what you are doing!    They say they take walk-ins...but no one works there.  1 hairstylist & 1 manicurist.  Slow staff.  This place is unorganized and not kept up very well.  I WILL NOT BE BACK & I WILL STRONGLY SUGGEST NO ONE VISITING VEGAS GO THERE.  WHAT A WASTE OF TIME & MONEY!
2	To be honest with everybody it doesn't worth it to pay for this hotel, try to pay 20$ or 50$ more and get a nicer hotel I stayed here for one night only and I couldn't get my wifi set up then then were trying to send a technician to set it up and I waited about 3 hours and then called them back and the guy was lost or something nobody could find him, then set up the wifi myself cause I know a little in adjusting thing with electronics but listen not everyone can do it!!! Then the internet was f*cking slow as f*ck!!! I couldn't even open a YouTube to watch some bullshit things, then when I tried to go to sleep with the tv on I saw spider coming down to my pillow, I was freaking out like probably there is something else from the world of insects lives in this room, then I called the the guest services and they told they gonna send me housekeeper, I was like for what does she eats insects or what?!:/ and then nobody eventually came to my room, in this whole situation I was so exhausted and tired and lazy that I didn't have any will to change my room even if it was possible, so my experience was too bad twice in this hotel, the good thing is now I am at MGM grand I got a small room with the same king bed and I think it looks perfect for me... So make ur decisions right and take the responsibility of ur choices in front of ur family or ur second half) good luck
4	Yay! no smoking allowed anymore, me and the kids can finally breathe!The Midway is full of fun games but prepare to lose lots of money and come back with a lot of stuffed animals for all your little cousinsDon't forget to watch a couple of free performances, all of which are pretty good for free (ppl juggling with feet and trapeze acts)
1	SKIP IT.We stayed here because my Mom wanted to relive her childhood visits. As soon as we walked in I wanted to leave, once we entered our room, we strongly considered leaving. It was OLD and gross. It is unfortunate since this Hotel could be very pretty and fun. It just needs a re-vamp. BADLY.Although, this is a kid friendly hotel. I warn you to be prepared for a kid invasion. This is the hotel that parents drop their kids off at to go to the casino and walk the strip. They run rampant and loudly.
4	This hotel is not very expensive and all in all it's OK. Nice for kids, pool is OK, we've been treated well, just minus 1 because the non-smoking room still smelled (ex smoking room i suppose). Tip: there is a very good mexican reastaurant just around the corner, the El Dorado Cantina
1	I Checked in the Manor Lodge, room was extremely bad, very old, not renovated nor maintained Long time ago. Place is smelly and bathroom wasn't good. The room rate itself was moderated but all other activities and facilities in the hotel are expensive. Food quality is not good in the buffet bur the steak house us good and expensive in t he same time.
4	90% of the time I come to Vegas I stay here. It's simple and very affordable. Key tip is book the West tower. It's the closest to the valet. You won't encounter the large amount of kids like you would in the Manor lodge and Skyrise plus those have no valet.
1	The rooms are old and even did not have flat TV. Parking is freaking horrible. It is a low class hotel casino. If you have kids is OK place to stay.
2	God, what the hell happened to this place?  Remember when we were kids, and our parents would take us here to mask their gambling?  "Oh, son, take these quarters and go play on the midway!"  I'd be all excited, but I knew what mom and dad were doing. They were gambling my college fund away!!!  But then I felt complicit because I took their $20 and played Simpsons until I got carpel tunnel syndrome.  Either way, it was cool meeting other kids whose parents were also gambling away their college funds.Flash forward to today.  Circus Circus is ghetto as shit.  There's still families there, but it's NOT the kind of place I'd want to take my family.  There's seedy people all over the casino, and lots of people were angry and yelling. Also, the midway is now disgusting. It makes me think I have MRSA or something.  Blech, don't go here unless all you want is super cheap gambling and shadiness.  If you want to give your kids the amusement park experience, take them to New York, New York or just walk up and down the strip.  Don't give them sad memories that they'll hate you for and that will lead them to drug and alcohol addiction.  Trust me, it's not worth it.
4	We've stayed here quite a few times in the last 10 years and have always been happy with our stay. A detailed review about our many stays....Check in: is usually quite quick but make sure you're checking in at check in time especially on a holiday or a weekend as rooms may not be ready. Staff is usually friendly but I've had a few times where they weren't. Hey, everyone's allowed a bad day right? Kids: yes, there are lots of unsupervised children running around acting like children. This is a hotel geared towards families so if running, screaming, playing children bother you then it might be best to consider another place to stay. The adventure dome is a lot of fun for both adults and children. The games and attractions are pretty cheap and your normal run of the mill circus games. Rooms: we've stayed in many different types of rooms and you are best off to avoid the manor rooms as they are a walk from the casino and main entrance. There used to be a mono rail type thing that crossed the casino but I don't think it's in operation anymore. We mostly stay in suites now since my players club card either comps the room or makes it very cheap. I do love the suites! They're large, clean, have a wonderful whirlpool tub and are a little more updated then other rooms. Food: there are dining options for every taste and price point. The steakhouse is the best by far I've eaten at on the strip. The portions are huge, the food is excellent and the decor is nice. I've used points towards meals here and paid $7.00 for 2 prime rib dinners within appetizer,dessert and cocktails. The Mexican/Italian resturant is unique in selections and is pretty good for American Mexican/Italian food. I haven't had anything that I was disappointed in eating and I'm a foodie. Casino/comps/games: one of the most annoying things I ever experienced here was being carded to the point I felt almost harassed. I was carded twice before I even made it to the bar and then a bartender called security on my very valid California ID acting like it was fake. They asked if I had any other forms of ID which I had to go to my room to get and then acted suspicious of my civilian ID from a military base. Two valid government issued IDs and they still acted if I was under age and trying to pull something on them....I was 25 at the time. Another bartender asked me my year of birth, when I graduated high school and other questions that I felt kind of harassed by also to verify my age. this only happened at one stay and they may have been on a strict ID policy or had an age issue recently happen. Still very annoying to the point I began playing across the street which hurt my points and comp ability. It's a regular run of the mill casino, typical games. I do like playing slots on the carasouel and I'm not a big slot player. This hotel comps very very well. I play table games 90% of the time, roulette, craps and a little blackjack. I was very pleased with after just 2 days of playing I had enough points to pay for a $95 dinner at the steakhouse. Yes, this hotel needs a pick me up and make over but as those of us with kids know....you don't get kids really nice things because they tear them up. I understand the hotel not spending millions of dollars to have children tear up everything. I've never had issues with my car but I always vallet, it's worth it to me. I've never had any issues with vallet or the bell hops. The staff is usually very helpful and polite. The hotel is located at the end of the strip and is closer to Freemont street then the strip in my opinion. It's a fun place to stay for a decent price. It's worth the extra bucks to upgrade to a suite and to vallet/bell your bags. If the children bother you then avoid the adventure dome and kids eateries. Also, try and avoid the first few weeks and last few weeks of summer as that's when it's most over run by kids. If you're expecting a fancy hotel/casino like other places on the strip then you will be disappointed. Don't be afraid to let the front desk know if you're not happy with the room as they have always been helpful in correcting or relocating in my experience. Even if you don't stay or play here the steakhouse is must when in Vegas, it's seriously some of the best food and service I've ever had.
3	Good fun for kids at adventure dome.No place to sit for non players Not possible to sit and eat com comfortably.
1	I was trying to plan a vacation, and stay here. I called asked for a nice room, was told since I don't have a players card with them I was only allowed to have a standard room. I remember coming here for over 30 years, I never have thought, I would be told I can't stay at a hotel. Thank You Rhonda! Your service on the phone made it clear I can't stay here. What Great Customer Service! Zero star if I could.
5	Circus .......Circus.A place for all age groups. Wait time is approx. 20 mins, they don't repeat the same again n again.. The perform different kinds of entertainment everytime.
2	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #8:well, the super-creepy leering clown neon sign out front sets the stage for this joint; I suppose my advice to you before you come here is to gain 40 or so pounds, go clothes shopping at WalMart, and have 2 to 4 rugrats to drag along; if not, Circus Circus has plenty of low-end eateries to pack on the pounds, low-end touristy shops for the wardrobe, and I believe they even rent out loud & hyperactive children if you don't have any of your own; OK, I'll quit being mean now...; the place is surprisingly large; there's a strange separated annex building with more slot machines; a 2nd floor of low-end shops & eateries surrounds a humongous amusement area that I am sure most 4 to 10 year olds would love; best craft brew bet = shockingly, the Circus Spirits store has some decent craft 22 oz. bombers, including Tenaya Creek, at very reasonable prices
4	I just stayed here again (Casino Tower) and I was very happy with my stay as i had been the last few times i 've stayed. I do not have any problems at this hotel and I find the Casino Tower rooms to be my favorite. I plan on continuing to stay here.Parking can be an ordeal as ths hotel is very busy and check in lines can be long but they have many agent windows open (more than other hotels) so the line will go down much quicker.
2	This place was built into the 60's and it shows. The whole place smells like Lysol because they've used so much of it over the years. The rooms are really cheap for a reason, they are old and basic. This place attracts low end clientele and families with lots of kids. It's filled to the brim with super cheap souvenir stores and gimmicky shops.  If you are desperate, this place will do in a pinch. But, avoid it if you can. Ironically, they have the best steakhouse in town (seriously).
4	Circus circus is a bit beat up, but it is still fun to go to. The dinner buffet is pretty decent, but could use some work. It also gets pretty busy there and the crowds are ridiculous, but it is a fun place for families and anyone who wants to have a fun time! (:
1	Room was clean but that's as positive as I can be.  Very little water pressure in the shower.  Tiny soap bars. Only 2 towels.  No tv channels to speak of.  The casino and midway smelled horrible.  Very out dated will definitely go back to our regular spots on Fremont Street!
3	It was a last minute booking. We needed to stay close to the Wynn but didn't want to pay Wynn money. The stay was cheap. Do not stay anywhere other than one of the Towers. The Manors (or whatever they are called) are just motel styled meth labs. Not worth it. Cough up the extra 10$ and stay in a more decent room.
2	This hotel is definitely run down but it's also the cheapest hotel on the strip & was one of the first ones to be built. There's fun games for the kids on the lower floor. The service was fine. However, I would recommend staying somewhere towards the middle of the strip because this is far from everything else.
1	If you have kids Circus Circus is a decent idea otherwise do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else. This place is run down and old and smells like mildew. I normally stay at The Quad so my expectations are not that high but circus circus still didn't meet them. We stayed at circus circus manor which is actually more of a cheap motel than a casino hotel. This place smells like mildew, the walls and ceiling are super thin, it is similar to a cheap apartment I used to live in. I can loudly hear the people up stairs walking across their room. I can hear conversations and tv from the people in the room next to me. Lastly the location is not great. It's a long walk to anything to the point where you are either taking a cab or walking 2 miles to get to anywhere interesting. If you have to drive or cab everywhere you might as well stay off the strip in somewhere nicer that is just as inexpensive. It's cheap for a reason.
1	If you win - you lost !! They wont pay your win !!! Service is unnessecary because nobody cares and service buttons mostly doesnt work.. staff is unfriendly and the old ladies who serve cocktails are just disgusting!!! Buuh...
4	People, stop booking the manor rooms and then complaining about them.  The west tower and casino tower rooms are fine - large and clean.  The hallways have a pleasant scent.  The casino was clean.  The Adventuredome was clean.  Sure there were kids walking with their parents (not in the gaming area) but none were unruly.  I saw worse kids at the grocery store yesterday.  There is security all over.  The bus stops immediately next door at Slots-A-Fun to head south or directly in front of Riviera across the street to go downtown.  Bus passes are $8.00 for 24 hours and we got four rides each out of them.  We have absolutely no complaints about our stay.
3	Circus Circus gets a bad rep but it's really not as scary or run down as everyone makes it seem. It's definitely not the Aria but for the prices, it's decent. The rooms were clean (except some towels that had suspicious stains on them but easily fixed with an exchange from the maid cart) and the Westside Manor isn't as fancy but you pay for what you get. My friend and I made a last minute trip to Vegas for a concert and this was in our budget, close, and relatively safe.
3	The show in the Midway was great. Loved the.clown and loved Oksana the ballerina who hung from the ropes
5	I love this hotel....  Rooms are big and clean, friendly staff , and a very affordable prices ... The neighborhood not so good but o well, public transportation outside of the casino. Overall a nice place to stay while u in vegas.
2	Where should i start, um, lets talk the good, very affordable rooms, a lot of foot traffic for shops and adventure dome... now the bad, shower has leaky faucet, um hello Califonia is in a drought and this breaks my heart. The ugly, $ 18+for a mediocre buffet MEDIOCRE! !!! While we were eating our delicious yet very expensive pizza at the desk i decided to look at the inside the desk drawer and at first noticed some receipts, well i grabbed those and they were from 9/11/14. Great if only we could turn back time. We got here on 9/20, thats not the scary part. I found a bundle of used toilet paper that left me grossed out thinking about ebola the rest of the night. But what in the world! They need to pay more or something because obviously their housekeepers arnt giving a crap if the rooms are throughly cleaned. Later went to find a pair of old stinky flats that was pretty funny. Well to cut this short, not impressed, food over priced like every where else on the strip, out of two rooms we had one room was spotless upon arrival the other just looked the part. Try a little harder circus circus. Give your employees a little more $ so they can look happy doing their job and maybe theyll actually do what theyre suppose to. Please.
1	The buffet food tastes like cardboard. Our server and the fresh pasta chef were very nice. Vince Neil bar service is slow and the bartender forgot to bring us our drinks. Not worth it.
3	Enjoyed our stay. Average hotel and had overall good experience. Took entire family and kids had a great time for their first time in Vegas.
3	room clean, not fancy. temp tricky.  Deli - don't even think about it, we sent our food back.  Blue Iguana we loved.  Customer drop off/check inconvenient - front is for taxi/bus/limo only - rest have to park (a distance) and walk luggage in and out.
4	I did not stay, just visited and played blackjack.  I was expecting a circus, but there was none. Lots of midway games for the kids and some tiny free acts to watch.  No circus :(Found a $3 blackjack table and enjoyed ourselves for a long time.  Nice dealers and atmosphere.
5	I just got back from staying here over the weekend & I have to admit I'm very pleased with the remodeling done here compared to before how the rooms looked. I stayed in the casino tower we had 2 rooms one with a king bed & the other with 2 queens. Both the rooms were amazing the beds are so comfortable I felt like I was sleeping on a big soft pillow! I slept like a baby! The mattresses are of pillow top! The room was big & comes with a personal safe for free! And the free kering coffee is wonderful also!I would really recommend this hotel & I won't be ashamed to do it now! High five Circus Circus for making this hotel more nicer looking & welcoming!
3	Tower rooms were decent much to my surprise. Great for a place to rest your sleepy head however the casino is run down and kinda yuck. So in summary... if youre looking for a cheap place to stay for a night because youre in town for a event or something it's a perfect location! However... if youre looking to enjoy the night life or at least have some decent people watching opportunities... go somewhere else.
1	Circus circus was the most dismal attempt of a hotel I highly suggest you stay as far away from that smokey dump. The staff are as rude as they come and don't get me started on Nora she is the slowest blackjack dealer in the world but not as slow as the waitresses that take 3 hours to get you a drink. The wifi is only on selected levels and that's just as slow Nora. It's so far away from anything good you may as well spend the extra few bucks on a better hotel. Overall this place is hell and you should never pop Molly's  here because those demons will get ya!!
1	This hotel made my experience in Vegas terrible! A salesperson named HEIDI cancelled my reservation without telling my party and I. The worst part is that after a 6 hour flight we couldn't check in until 4 hours later. The worst customer service ever! Management is rude and tried to say someone named Heidi didn't exist yet Jet Blue was on the phone with her. ALSO, after the 4 hour wait the manager gave us a complimentary dinner but when we went to order we were informed that the manager had no MONEY on her account.Overall, you get for what you pay for here. Cheap rooms for cheap service. Pay an extra 20 bucks for a better hotel.
5	Excellent service for s reasonable price.  Has all the new slot machines and awesome stores inside the casino.  West tower room is nice and clean.  They have subway and McDonald's across the street that is open 24hrs.
3	For those looking to stay on the Las Vegas Strip for the low, this is the place to go.  This is so far the ONLY hotel on the strip that caters to families.  Circus Circus is also the few remaining hotels from the 1969 era still operating today.  This hotel has many rooms scattered around in different buildings.  Getting around can be quite confusing but should be ok once you get used to it.  Check-In lines are extremely long.  Most of the shops here are low-end.  There are shops here with Asian vendors.  Except for Krispy Kreme the eateries here are low-end as well.  If these aren't for you, there are other hotels with better food ad better stores.  There is always a Subway and a McDonald's nearby that are open 24 hours to cure your hunger blues.  The Adventuredome indoor amusement park sets this hotel apart from the others.  Keep in mind that New York New York has a roller coaster and The Linq is a ferris wheel that gives you breathtaking views of the Strip.  Circus Circus also has an old school photo shop where you can dress up and take personal photos.  The best thing about this hotel is the free Wi-Fi for those staying here as well as free access to fitness rooms and discounts on certain items (the resort fee covers all that).  Selection of TV channels are subpar and need immediate improvement.  As for my stay here it was decent.  It can be a bit loud in the lobby at times.  After all, you're on the Strip.  If you are looking for something good to eat I would eat somewhere else.  The food quality is extremely low budget and not worth the time.  There are other hotels (Downtown or Off Strip) that offer a better experience.  However if you are looking to save some money this is the place for you.
4	So there are a million hotels in Vegas obviously, but this one is what we chose. We made reservations in the west tower for a king bed. Well when we arrived, all king bed rooms were taken. So instead of giving us some BS, dude instantly suggested he would upgrade us to a deluxe room for free... Uhhhj, YEA! We had a lot of luggage so we used bell service. Dude made small talk with us, and asked where we are from. We said Okinawa. He goes oh cool, I was stationed at Camp Schwab (a tiny marine base that you'd only know if you'd actually been there so he wasn't lying). I was like wow no way what a small world. It's only the first night but so far everything is working out great! Dude being at Schwab, free room upgrade, decent restaurant etc... Worth a 4 star... For us anyways. Of course if you're willing to $$$$$, vegas has better places but call it luck, we are getting great service and a great deal! Dude even thanked me for my service. And after hitting my 15th year in the army this year, I gotta say I never get tired of genuine Americans genuinely thanking me. Means a lot. Circus circus will definitely get my business again.
1	My sister and I came here looking to see the casino of our childhood. Remember watching the Circus Circus commercials on TV? Your parents gamble and you play in the most EPIC indoor midway.There are circus performers everywhere in beautiful sparkling costumes. The smell of popcorn and cotton candy fills the air... Well, maybe it was all-that back then, but let me tell ya, this place is definitely past its prime. The casinos are dark and dingy. The arcades are just as sad as your local carnival. The midway rides are limited, expensive, and disappointing. You leave and notice you spent a whole bottle of hand sanitizer in a few hours. Not to mention, I'd be afraid to walk anywhere from this hotel. Don't waste your time. There are WAY better hotels available, even if you're watching your wallet.
1	Total crap shoot. Room reservation receptionist rude and unprofessional.  You get what you pay for.
4	got free room here from playing on myvegas.com .the room was nice . there are  lots of kids in this hotel . the only negative is , that they charge you a 14.50 $ per day resort fee , even though you got the rooms for free.
1	What a shitty experience. If you are decent person and want to be treated OK not even get close to this place. Asian guy at the check in was vey rude. Don't go
2	Not my favorite hotel on the strip, but inexpensive. Housekeeping is lacking. We had towel service the first  day.. no bed made. (Not saying I want new sheets but at least throw it together). The next day we didn't get serviced at all. Then at 845am on checkout day (not till 11am btw) the cleaning lady just walks into the room. Whaaaaaaat? The place has a funny smell.. lol. We started calling it "home" everytime we would come back from other hotels... based on that smell alone. The Internet sucks here. But the gambling is okay :) players club gives you a free 5$ play... and you collect points and money as you play. Just don't forget to collect those comp  $s  efore you leave.
3	Oh, Circus Circus. When I told my dad we were staying here, he said that it was the cheapest place on the strip when he used to visit back in the 70s. Looks like it's still the cheapest and the carpet is definitely still the same! Given, the reviews, I was fully expecting this place to be gross. Lucky for us, it was not. Our room was clean if not updated. If you're looking for a place just to sleep (or not sleep) during your stay in Vegas and don't want to spend a lot. Circus Circus is still a viable option. Pool is pretty meh. Food is gross. Casino has seen better days. It's dark and has the signature stale cigarette smell (come on NV it's time to ban indoor smoking).My only run in with the staff was with an overly aggressive bellman who got in my personal space while I was looking for my check ticket. Seriously, dude. There is no one behind me in line, lay off! He then proceeded to take over ten minutes to find my bag and wouldn't take no as an answer when I said I didn't need help to the room. I get that you work for tips, but the fastest way to lose your tip is telling a female customer that she's not strong enough to lift her own luggage. I overheard another bell demanding a tip from a foreign tourist (who had no idea about tipping). Guess I shouldn't expect the staff at a tacky hotel to have any tact. PS: They are also extremely pushy about check out. Check out is earlier than most hotels and the maids are waiting at your door well BEFORE check out. Be prepared to leave in a hurry otherwise you will be charged.
1	I didn't expect a 5 star hotel at all for the price but the dirt...in the room and the hall way ...the noise... I can not stand!!!The view in our room was nothing but roof in which I requested to be roomed in the TOWER!!!.... Didn't happen... So crowded... I regret... There are lots of hotels that similar to their price range yet very clean and quite... Never stay there again.. Never...
1	Clerks are rude! Hotel is dirty, dingy and 30 years out of date.  Buffet is no better than dog food and they charge a $14.50 resort fee for each day of your stay but they dont tell upfront.  Dont stay in the manor rooms. They are unsafe! People hanging out all hours of the night. Security is needed during the evening. This hotel is not for children!
3	I mean this is my first time here everything is good except the WiFi it sucks I can't do anything. FIX THE WIFI, PLEASE.
5	Fun and excitement - this is a one stop shop hotel. Maybe old but fun for the kids. Cheap rooms.
3	The hotel was PACKED with kids I stayed in the west tower the room decor was old fashioned look like something out of the 70s it had a handicap accessible shower my wife and I aren't handicap though... The lady in the check in desk asked us how we were doing my wife responded im that we just got married her immediate reaction was "we don't have comps" like wtf no one asked you for one followed by a congratulations  All in all the staff was Meh the hotel was old I would only recommend if you have kids with you and you want to stay somewhere you can entertain them other than that avoid.
1	My friend got in a fight with his girlfriend I needed somewhere to stay for the weekend he to get away from her he asked me to stay with him just so you have someone to talk to you plus I just got out of the hospital and he wanted to catch up and hang out with me I was so uncomfortable and that hotel room and kind of felt so Yucca even touching the remote control that I couldn't stay there I literally treated him paid for the hotel for the night and met him in the morning for lunch. Stay at this hotel if you like dumb kids screaming and jumping on your crap and if you like to step in gum and if you like dirty hotel rooms we can totally despicably old coffee.
4	We have been trying to stay away from booking this hotel but we were on a budget and we wanted a quick weekend getaway.   We had a comp night through the MyVegas slots game so we decided to cash in.   We booked the comp room plus we added one extra night.   I was really having second thoughts about staying here, I hate going to Vegas and stayingt at Circus Circus since there are a lot of families with small children.  YES I am not a fan of seeing people with strollers walking around a casino.  Ugh .... anywayssss The check in clerk was really nice she smiled and didnt take forever to get our room keys.   Our room was nice looks like it had been upgraded, we had a West Tower room and we really loved it.  I was impressed with the bell staff.  Didn't eat at the hotel since we had purchased buffet passes at MGM Grand through the MyVegas which were easy to use.  The Casino can use an upgrade it looked exactly the same as it did 25 years ago during my very first Vegas trip.     I will def stay here again!
3	Didn't stay here for our hotel (we stayed at the Tropicana and enjoyed it there) but did bring our daughter here for the SUPER cheap souvenirs all in one place, and the game mezzanine. I do wish we would have found out when the performers would have been on the trapeze, as I think she really would have liked it. It skeeved my husband out since there was no natural light anywhere and an older horror-movie feel to the worn look of everything, but all in all we enjoyed it. The game area was a little dingy and un-loved, but the girl behind the counter was really sweet, and even gave my 3-year-old a few free pieces of candy when what she wanted was exactly the number of tickets she had. If you're looking for a place to let your kid run a little free with a few bucks, this is a good option.
5	as some people may have said, i think it has been remodeled and the rooms were PERFECT. for paying 50 bucks a night, it was almost as if we were staying in a hilton honestly. the pool is alright.. i wouldn't swim there because there are much nicer pool parties else where so who cares. and the casino is aight and they have lots of arcades and food places upstairs. if ur young and going out at night, just beware that there are sometimes people sitting outside near the outside of the hotel building rooms but usually there are multiple entrances so you can avoid them. and just be smart about partying if thats what you're there to do.
1	Our expectations weren't that this place was going to be a high end stay. But, we did expect it to be clean and functional. Potato chips were left on the chair. The sink drained slow. The shower faucet couldn't be shut off completely without using a lot of force. The shower drain was clogged - in the time it took to shower, the soapy water was ankle high.  Called the desk three times (9:00 AM the first time) requesting repair only to be told that they had lots of maintenance calls and they would send someone as soon as possible. Finally around 7:00PM someone came. When I called, the lady said for the inconvenience they would comp two nites. At checkout, they asked for the persons name. We didn't have it. They apologized that all they could do was discount the resort fee - a whopping $26!!!!Never again!!
2	Thought I was going to have a wonderful room. I walk into my room and my room is filthy. It looks like no one has swept. Vacuumed the room or washed the bathroom. Not my favorite choice
5	Do not compare Las Vegas to Reno evvvvvvvvver!!! This Circus Circus in Las Vegas was so much nicer then Renos!!! The breakfast buffet was bomb too.I want to add there are different towers and such. We stayed in the west tower 30th floor and the room was awesome. Bathroom was big. Everything was clean and nice. Renovated rooms. Flat screens n such. But who goes to Vegas to watch TV anyways LOL.. We were going to stay at the manor motor lodge across the street but it was only $10 more a day to upgrade to a tower so we did it. The lodge looked a little run down from the outside but I have no clue how they look inside..
1	If I could give zero stars, that is how I would rate this place. I have been in 3 rooms, due issues during my two day stay here. My first room smelled like someone just cook Chinese food in it. The second room smelled like somebody had been smoking cigarettes in it all night and I found a bedbug in my bed so gross.  Some people say to stay in cheap places because in Vegas all you need is a place to sleep. I was not a believer and still aren't.  I will never do this again I will pay for a very expensive room next time.
1	This place is a scam. The machines took your money but wouldn't print out any tickets to be redeemed we wasted half an hour twiddling our thumbs farting around avoid at all cost. SCAM
5	So I was a little scared to stay here due to all of the bad reviews and because it was so cheap.  I'm guessing most of the bad reviews are for the super "cheap" rooms in the manor.  I booked a room in the casino tower on a non smoking floor.  I opted for the king suite room which was HUGE and unlike other reviewers said it did not smell like smoke at all and i'm very sensitive to that.  It was very clean and looked updated. The TV had a lot of channels more then most hotels do. Only downside I had was there was no fridge, but it was so cheap and nice that wasn't an issue.  This place is awesome for kids so much to do!  All of the staff I encountered were very nice and helpful, check in was easy and express check out was nice as well.  So do yourself a favor stop griping and try staying in one of the tower rooms its not much more then the super cheap $20 rooms.  I paid $42 for a king suite which had a huge bathroom and lots of room for the little one to run around.  Parking was also easy and felt safe.  Don't stay here and then complain about kids...that's what this hotel is for so get over it and stay somewhere else if you don't like it lol Will definitely be returning soon :)
4	I dont have anything negative to say at all about this hotel... I love it and its great for kids and family. Right when u walk in they greet you and welcome you. Its a very reasonable price. They have everything!! Circus shows, buffet, games, casino, fitness center, pool, small rollercoaster the adventure dome. The prices on food are great we love going to the garden grill for two people to eat is less than $30.... they have a mcdonalds and minigames. The only thing is that its far from the strip but its ok they have shuttle busses and bus. We always bring our car we live inS.D soo its extremely close by..... rooms are nice as well and have many to choose from. This is my second stay here soo we do love it...love it here...
2	Circus Circus is closer to three stars than it is to two, but I can't give it a full 3 because there were a few things that needed to be improved in my most humble opinion. First, the good. The room we stayed in was pretty and clean and didn't smell like smoke at all. We stayed in the Casino Tower on the 8th floor in a non-smoking room, and even though we were in a non-smoking section (we always stay in non-smoking no matter where we stay in Vegas) we were glad that it didn't smell like smoke like other places "Non-Smoking" towers.Now the bad: Casino Main Entrance valet- there was like only two dudes. Took  about 15 minutes to get the car because these two poor guys were taking turns parking cars and bringing cars back. One or two more guys would go a long way. The entrance where the hotel registration was didn't have this problem.Ice Machine- It wasn't hot this past weekend. Ice machine on my floor was out of ice TWICE. No ice coming out and the thing said "Making Ice". We had to go down a floor to get ice. Not cool.The Room- Although the room was pretty, one major design flaw. The sink and mirror are on the INSIDE OF THE RESTROOM, NOT THE OUTSIDE, like other hotels, so if someone is dropping a deuce or taking a shower, you are assed out and have to wait to do things like paint your face, brush your teeth, shave or any other kinds of things you'd do while someone else is showering, which could be awkward if the person you are in the room with isn't your significant other. The Bed- It folded like a taco when I lied down in it which means it was worn, even though the white linen was nice and crisp and the duvet was neatly pressed and damn near new.Overall, it wasn't a BAD experience, but it was not a GREAT experience. I'd probably give it at least one more shot.
4	It took a long while but we finally figured out what was still old-school about Vegas and it's the manner at Circus Circus a three level row of hotel rooms behind Circus Circus without ballet that has self parking and you don't need to use elevators this truly is the right place for my father 83 years old still smoking still Kickin ass and still playing slot machines like there's no tomorrow thank God you're still a piece of Vegas that reminds us of what Vegas used to be
4	This place is still really okay. See my last review, every bit of it still holds but one update.Update: the sneaky underhanded "Las Vegas resort fee" (charged at all Strip hotels, I'm told, but amount varies between hotels) - $14.50 for one night stay as of 10/2014 (up from $11 one year earlier)
4	So my family and I stayed here because there is a three year old in our party and we wanted him to be entertained. This hotel is older but still quite charming. The rooms are clean and the place doesn't smell to bad of smoke like most. There are tons of families and kids so be aware. But the deals are good. The circus acts were pretty cool clowns juggling, acrobats and the likes. Games like at the fair. We didn't go in the adventuredome because he was too little. But we tried their pizza it was not terrible.. Overall it was a good stay. And hey pay the money check in early. It is worth it!!
1	Definately an older property ,   If you are with children there is a lit to do here.  The rooms are clean and quiet,   There is the ell of cigarette smoke everywhere.    The Casino is dirty and the employees are not held to high standards of uniforms and customer service.
1	Where to begin. When you first walk in you will smell the stench of cigarette smoke along with the grim darkness of the place. They put the hotel lobby in the far end of the building. I guess they figure people will gamble before reaching the hotel lobby. Kids everywhere and the people that stay here are pretty ghetto. I felt a little unsafe here and this coming from someone who's lived in not so great areas. I stayed in skyway tower. Room was clean but TV was old and not a flat screen.  Only reason I came here was because it was so cheap on weekends compared to everywhere else. The WiFi is wireless and painfully slow. The Keurig coffee machine made awful coffee, I'm guessing because it never got cleaned. Housekeeping never emptied garbage. It took forever to go from my room to the strip because the layout here is so misguided. I just read today that on Saturday about 5:30 am a woman was shot and was dead when police arrived. It happened near Circus Circus. What sane parents would bring their kids to this awful place or Vegas for that matter. Vegas is way overrated but if you have to stay for convention or a night then go to tropicana.
1	This place was dirty, found some pizza crusts behind a cabinet and a used kurieg cups in the coffee maker still.Also went to Vince Neils Tatuado and ordered the breakfast special, the waitress came out with our breakfasts and I asked about where's the toast? she replied back to me we only bring that if the guest requests it? I was in shock! Clearly stated eggs, pancakes, sausage or bacon and toast. My suggestion is spend your money elsewhere, and pretty much just avoid this place, I know I will be in the future. proof of nasty pizza behind the tv consolehttp://i286.photobucket.com/albums/ll95/jubjubrsx/IMAG0692_zps6613c869.jpg
3	Let's see on the minus side:1. Only 5 minutes of (free) circus performers every 45 minutes. (Dangerously over crowded at each show)2. Small overpriced rooms3. Noisy pipes (?) at night4. Big pink light (my room faced the pink adventure dome) coming in the window5. North end of the strip, far from the cool part of LV. 6. Expensive restaurants (even the cheap buffet was still $20 a person)7. Far from the monorail8. $4.00 for a bottle of water9. No fridge, no microwave in room10. My kid who was two inches too tall at age 8, for the kid rate, had to pay the adult rate of $29 for an all day pass on the kiddie rides. 11. Wifi was non-functional12. "Closet" cubby, (no door) was too low to hang my long coat without dragging it on the floor. On the plus:1. Free parking 2. Buffet food was good3. Furniture was fairly newConclusion: there are just better places to stay in LV for the same money.
4	New tower room was updated.Great price for a cheap vegas trip.Pizza was excellent. Tanisha in Vip took care of me and was extremely professional. The place is older but gives you the old vegas feel. Pit boss at the crap table very professional and made the loss easier to bare..... For a cheap stay over.. This is your place if you in can deal with kids.
4	We found a deal online so we went with it.  Stayed three nights and from start to finish had a wonderful time!  The guy who checked us in [Joseph] was awesome!!  We have been going to Vegas for 6 years now and this was the first time we actually had a view of the strip!  The room was spacious and comfortable. It's a bit outdated, but we would stay here again.  We don't have young kids, but never felt like we were out of place, this hotel definitely caters to families...so if you don't like kids, do not stay here!  The Midway was SO much fun!  Carnival games, shows and goodies!  Looking forward to bringing our grandkids here.  It's almost at the very end of the strip, probably the only down side.  It's a little spread out also, it wouldn't be a comfortable walk to the pool from the West Tower (quite a trek). Vince Neil has a restaurant here, Tatuado, food was amazing! Will def stay here again, we never got to enjoy the rides!
1	This place is a dump. Since there is an amusement park in the casino they let everyone bring their 5-6 kids with them to the casino. The place badly needs refurbishment. Little kids get in the way as they stand with their parents while they are gambling. That being said, my 22 year old daughter was carded when she was next to her friend at a slot machine. Parking logistics is a nightmare.  You can tell that the gamblers here are not high rollers. Best advice. ...........STAY AWAY FROM CIRCUS CIRCUS! !!!!
1	Wish there is an zero star rating! If you don't want to sleep at all then stay there, because the loud AC sound like industry fan will constantly wake you up!
1	"You get what you pay for"- duty room (before we arrive) - no fridge in the room- too much noisy (even in late time)- room still duty (3th day)- smell awful, even in non-smoking apartment- I really dont trust in their cleaning service, its disgusting to be here- It has being a awful experience   good:- free parking- free wifii
3	Yeah.... Such a shame that my favorite chicken in the pot game is here. So fun. And the quarters over the edge game.The employees look shabby and unhappy. Saw a father holding his toddler's hand and smoking a cigarette.
4	This is a great hotel for kids and elderly people and families because it has a lot of fun activities for children and Circus Circus Joe's and clowns and have a good bar in them good bartenders and my wife really enjoyed the place and the kids love the clowns and I love to play with all of the cool adventures of like a indoor themepark here which is great for anyone who wants a thrill live crazy roller coasters and very fun rides it's just a little old the building but other than that everything is good
5	The Circus Circus is an underrated hotel and casino. The outside does not look very attractive, however the inside is much better.  All of the workers that assisted me were very helpful. The the man at the lobby desk, the card dealers, restaurant staff, and the crew in the sports book were friendly and helpful. The restaurants that I recommend are Vince Neal's and the buffet. The food was very good and the price is cheaper than most on the strip.My room was apparently newly renovated. It looked like everything was new, and including the bathroom everything was clean. (I have added some photos). I will defiantly stay here again.
5	Ok, I'm behind on this review but I had to leave one! I was in Vegas last February, I told you I was behind, and I stayed here with my niece, son, mother, and sister.  Upon arrival we asked for an early check-in, we arrived early that morning and didn't want to wait. We were able to get the room early and it was $20. I was very impressed with the room, clean and big! I was never a fan of this hotel,  but I must say, they have improved. Everyone was extremely nice, beds were soft, bathroom was nice! My son and my niece LOVED their stay in the hotel. We ended up having to stay an additional night. I was able to add the additional night over the phon! The woman I spoke to was so nice and it was quick and painless! The restaurants were ok, but I wouldn't recommend the buffet! I will definitely come back with my son!
1	I should have known when I told my friends I was staying here and their faces looked like they had drunk spoiled milk that we had made a bad selection. First of all, it's a tough hotel to navigate. You might be staying on the 4th floor, but only on some poorly labeled tower. The elevators don't clearly indicate where they go, so I had the experience of going to the 4th floor and seeing that my room was on a different 4th floor. Cool. The elevator to get to my room was tucked behind the meeting rooms. Cooler.The valet put the wrong number ticket on our car, so it took them 20 minutes to get it. Coolest.My favorite part of the stay was when I used my key to get into my room, then went to the vending machine to get water and came back to find my key stopped working. First of all, what? Second of all, when I went downstairs (which is quite a walk from the room) to get this straightened out, they informed me I couldn't get back into my room without my ID. When I explained my ID was in the room, they basically told me I was out of luck. Eventually, the person who had the room under their name had to come and yell at them so I could get back in.Their buffet is terrible. Everything tastes the same. They have very strict security (lots of chains) to get into the buffet, which is weird because no one would want to sneak in after tasting the food. We got the buffet for free because of the aforementioned key snafu and it was still awful. They should have paid us to eat there. They probably give out comps to it all the time because no one would pay to eat there. And they serve Pepsi. Eugh.The shower worked, though.
1	Unfortunately thanks to circus circus my family and I experienced the worst family weekend getaway ever. I showed up on Saturday night to check in to my SKYRISE room that i had reserved. When i arrived i was told i had to be downgraded into the Manor Motor Lodge as the Skyrise tower was being remolded, something they forgot to tell my travel agent. Upon talking to the manager she informed us that she could not walk us to another hotel, as is typical with every other hotel. She was nice enough to offer to drop the resort fees, which was not going to work for my family as my siblings felt insecure staying the night there, which was also why we did not reserve a room there in the first place. Unfortunately i was forced to cancel my room there and ended our trip just minutes after we arrived there.
4	This is for the west tower. I can't speak on any other towers that they have. But this one is not too bad actually. And for $20 a night it's actually a steal
1	Hotel needs to be updated. Upon arrival to our room we opened the door and the smell of weed smacked us in the face. The safe had an old pair of old stinky loafers. The water pressure in the shower was terrible and it took forever to rinse out my hair. The room was not very clean. Trying to park close to the tower you were in was a cluster. Rooms were cheap, but like they say "you get what you pay for"  definitely will not stay at this hotel again.
1	What a fucking joke. Book a room in the west tower and get here to find that they OVERBOOKED so they stick my ass in the manor lodge that is less expensive, without refunding the difference. I WAS a frequent guest at this hotel, staying here every couple of months but after this stunt, that will not be happening again. This is how you treat loyal guests? You just lost one.
1	I rated this two stars because of the folks who work here. Everyone has been great. They are courteous and pleasant... but the "Manors" could use some work. The walls are so thin I had the opportunity to witness a complete argument between next doors inhabitants.  For the love of all things holy... she WANTS the pan cakes!!! And, I don't care who bought what or that you spent your last ten bucks on... STOP yelling, or even... talking at 6 am.  Coming back after lunch, they had their TV on normal volume and I swear I could follow the entire show!The hot water lasted about 7-10 minutes in the shower, and wouldn't shut off all the way. My wife had to wait 15 minutes for it to build back up... The casino was hard to breath in - circulation sucked. The safe is closed and locked in the hotel room and noone could open it.Honestly this lil gem could be great. A little leadership and this property could soar!! We won't stay here again... but I suppose it's good for for a bunch of dudes/girls coming to party and not care about where they sleep... or a with a bunch of kids that will wreck it anyway.Oh! And the "F--k Me" smeared on the wall behind the door in some unknown black substance wasn't quite the greeting we had expected.  Thank you for handling that so quick and giving us extra coffee, sweet cleaning Lady Maria! She had a smile and was so nice!UPDATE: (I dropped a star.)  A loud, wierd buzzing goes off at 7:15 am on Dec 15th. My wife goes to check it out because the sounds are unfamiliar. She calls the front desk and is met with a shorr, frazzled and very put off attendant (whom I'm sure has answered several calls about the same thing). She says it's a fire alarm and was a prank. I understand stress... but yikes! Anyway, of course she couldn't know what I do for a living. She couldn't possibly know that I know that the intermittent strange and loud buzzing in the hallway doesn't randomly sound off when a pull station is activated. No, that's a continuous alarm. So, was it a faulty sensor? Did an employee try to reset the control panel? Who knows... but being rude to an abruptly awoken GUEST of your hotel? Bummer folks. Absolute bummer. (Did I mention now the neighbors are awake now too and once again TV and conversation fills my room. So much for sleep.)
1	Staying at this hotel made my stay in Vegas absolutely miserable. I never had thought that it would be so unpleasant.  It always smelled like smoke when I was walking down the hallway to my room. The floors were very dirty. The elevators were rusty and  every time I used to take it I was praying to god that it wouldn't snap off. It is at the end of the strip so all the main attractions are missed and it takes a long time by taxi or walking to get to the good spots in Vegas.
1	So I decided to stay here because hotels.com had the rooms for a good price. Found out where my dad and I were going to be in what room we went. Stayed in the Manor Rooms and got inside and the bedding was nice along with the tv cabinet. Turned the tv on only had like 6 channels.  Looked up and notice a water stain on the ceiling and the wall paper was awful. Okay so wen to bed at 1:15am. At around 3am someone pulled the firealarm and it was sooooooooooooooo loud my father and I woke up pissed off and it took maintenance like 2 1/2 hours to fix it. Sunday morning at 5:45 am again the firealarm was pulled yet again. So I was wondering is still a everyday thing. Oh an the people in the next room were talking so loud we couldn't sleep. I will NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN unless it's in the other part of Circus Circus and not the Manor Rooms
2	Dirty, old, and run down. Only thing I'll give it is the cheap pricing. In a pinch, you need something quick and cheap, go ahead and stay there.
2	Well where to start? I hadn't been to Vegas in about ten yrs, and I hadn't stayed at the circus in about fifteen... Big disappointment...they sent us to the manor eww!! Shoulda listened to you helpers. I had no idea that they were gonna send us there, it's like another walk from the main circus hotel and the rooms looked old and smelled old. Never again will I stay there. If I would have known...
3	Checking was horrible as check in man didn't know any info on our questions. We booked for our daughters birthday and only on arrival did they say the dome was closed down.  Then we asked to speak to someone else and they stated it was not closed down. Then he oplogized and said he didn't know.   Finally arrive in room and bathroom is so small you can't shit with the door open and or stand to take a piss. View was of construction. Carpet left our feet so dirty we walked around in socks but only to have those ruined as well. Carpets are filthy. They promote HDTV but only price standard channels. So no HDTV. Also the block you from changing source and preventing my daughter to play PS3 they so block buttons on TV. Luckily the PS3 turns the source automatically when turned on. As I called desk lady she said we block all those features. Lol well to bad Circus Circus I still was able to change to HDMI source you money greedy hotel. Took my daughter to the dome and she showed no interest. She was more into Vegas lights.  Lmao After 2days we left to another hotel. We checked in on a Wednesday and was going to stay until Tuesday 6days but left and never stayed for her birthday..  Sad in stated this to them and they didn't care. Just want to talk about money...
4	Not the best hotel for adults but for kids it's the best. Check out their indoor amusement park for kids. It's great! The casino is an average vegas casino with all the table games and slots. This hotel is actually not that bad. Some good restaurants and the employees are courteous. Lots of parking!
2	The price and location were ok. But the room's walls are too thin. I didn't get a good night's rest because the people in the next room were so loud. If the walls were thicker I wouldn't be able to hear them. My tip is to bring ear plugs.
1	Very disappointment. Nothing to do with what they show online. Once I got to the hotel they sent me far away from the main hotel and the room was so dirty, dusty and old, the bathtub in bad conditions. This place is worst than a cheap motel never coming back.
3	Didnt stay here but came here for the free shows. The waitresses for the free drinks near the slots are awesome and goos wins lol maybe it was my luck. Anywho! Bought the drink mugs for $14 &$16 & refills are $6 throughout the hotel!! We got free drinks and poured them in our cups lol so great. I wouldn't recommend staying here seeing that their are a TON of kids (unless you have kids its the BEST CHOICE! !!!!!!!!! ) & everyone has access to come to the room hallways which I would not be comfortable with. Overall nice hotel, not close to monorail or las vegas blvd.
5	This is the best value hotel and casino in las vegas1. Free circus shows (where else in vegas)2. Friendly staff and casino floor smells great3. Lots of things to do at the midway, great for kids4. Our room was clean at all times (west tower)5. Affordable restaurants insideThe only downside is that it is further up on the strip and away from the center of the strip but we had a rentalThe location is not bad if you are looking to visit downtown tooAll in all for the price it was great in the best tower for 35/nightThose that complain need to go pay 350 somewhere else for a deluxe room
5	This is probably one of the most family friendly casinos in town. I went with my wife in November and enjoyed 2 dollar jello shots at the bar! Wow they were strong and bigger than a normal jello shot. We both had 1 drink at the bar and the margs were right on the money.We played slots for about 2hrs and won around 100 dollars and change. The drink waitress was very friendly and wished my wife a Happy Birthday. The free drinks were just right and we wanted to stay but had so many other things to do. The amusement ride section was very fun and you are asked to stop to take photos. We bought a photo package for 20 dollars and they came out great. The stores inside the casino are very reasonably priced and did most of our Souvenir shopping here.Of all the casinos we went to (10) we had the most fun here! We will be back in April!!
4	This old casino has done a great job to keep it going strong. Their kids adventure park is a breath of fresh air in the sin city where the kids can have some great fun. My kids really enjoyed their time here. So good to be at circus circus!  The actual hotel I can not write anything about since I did not stay here.
1	nobody clean up the floor.  i fell on the floor after left the kids playground.  i was looking for someone and noone around.  i went to restroom to clean up and finally saw a security guard.  it took about an hour to file a complaint.  i am very disappoint...because what if an elderly or pregnant lady fell ?  i was thing to come back, but NO after this accident.
1	Unfriendly staff and they don't even have toothpaste, toothbrushes or shower gel when we requested for these! Had to run out to get these basic essentials middle of the night. Will never stay here again.
1	Came here with my kids to enjoy the evening...the staff is super nice...however we walked out in 30 minutes...due to the fact that it reeked of cigarette smoke...I understand people are entitled to smoke...but I think that an hotel/casino that is family oriented and cater to kids should ban smoking...there is no reason why my kids or other innocent babies be exposed to second hand smoke...someone has to start a change...it should be a heavyweight like Cicus Circus...I would even book a stay here...if smoking was banned...FYI...I WALKED OUT WITH A BAD HEADACHE!
1	I had the worst experience at Circus Circus.  I checked into the hotel and checked out 10 minutes later. We were booked in the Manor, when we walked in the room it smelled terrible, there were stains all over the carpet along with what looked liked cigarette burns, stains on the ceiling and the walls. I called the front desk and they said they would not move me so I decided to just leave. And now they have a $600 hold on my credit card. So please, don't stay at Circus Circus. The hotel workers were even telling me that they would never stay at that, hotel.
5	Been coming here for many years, always great service, not too expensive and great for kids and adults alike.  Gambling is relaxed and fun, many new upgrades have been done.  Great atmosphere
1	I forgot to mention about the room on my previous review.This is my first time stayed at the circus circus and should be the last time.  The hotel room is very old and dirty.  I had been to some other old hotels, but they are CLEAN.  Circus circus's room is very dirty.  I booked this hotel because I wanted to take my 7 years old daughter to enjoy indoor playground.1. carpet is wet and sticky.2. The room has very strong cigar smell, but the room should be smoke free room.  ????3. blankets are old and dirty.  My daughter (7 years old) and I was very itchy and hopefully I did not carry any bed bug back home.4. restroom floor is sticky/dirty and I can smell the restroom smell.5. small restroom and small tub6. wall is very thin and I can hear sounds all night long.7. we stayed at the manor which means is far away from the main building.  I need to drive to the indoor playground and to the hotel casino.I been to Las Vegas so many times and this is the worst stay ever.  Good luck to others like to stay here!I will have to go see doctor today because my skin is still itchy.
1	We had no hot water in the morning. The lady at customer service started accusing me of lying saying they had no complaints of anyone saying hot water not working. I replied that doesn't mean i cant be that unlucky room and if shes accusing me of lying. I paid $300 for this room and got no hot water. And they refused to give us a late check out even if maintenance came (it was 10:15am check out is 11am) unless i paid $55 more for just a extra half hour. Very rude lady for testing my integrity. If i paid $300 i deserve a room with hot water.She simply could have told me she will send a maintenance guy to check it out instead of accusing me of lying.
5	They have awesome security here we had an emergency when we were visiting and had to leave our sea doos and trailer here and the security made sure we parked them so they could watch them and they were so helpful and understanding we love staying here we feel safe and it's convenient for adults with kids
1	never coming back here!!! my 1 year old girl got sick because someone in the room next door were throwing food at the bathroom sink, and came over to my room, flooding all my bathroom with a very particular smell, i went direct to the manager and she didnt do a thing, i only got an apology. its a shame!!!
4	Midway games and circus acts still similar to how it was when I was a kid. Not very much has changed.  Very nostalgic
2	The place is old and dingy but we made the most out of our short stay. Thank goodness I used my comps from MyVegas for a room. I just had to pay the $13 resort fee. I thought it was weird that the coffee machine was in the bathroom. When you're downstairs, it's like walking through a Vietnamese flea market. Good place to grab some cheap souvenirs. Upstairs had the circus acts and games. The people running the games aren't annoying like the ones at the fair always hollering at you to play. It was also easy for the kids to win little prizes.
2	This place used to be one of the most top hotels in Las Vegas , now it's at same level of motel 6 , first this has become one of the hotels where only thing u see is Latino people with average 5-6 kids families all lost bumping into each other  ( not racist just pointing what I saw ) so to accommodate this people they have lower the standards , at first I though I was going to stay at the main building , I was wrong , they send me to some weird buildings call the manor located near the service entrance , area is dirty ... Then as I enter the building u can get that stink of weird smell , carpets dirty ... Then in room u give the ok but tv is from the 80s bulk ones , carpet not that clean , then try to turn ac and thing doesn't work , they sent technician but fix it half way as air will be one for 3 min then turn of for 20 min ..... And the most weird thing is they put the coffe maker inside the bathroom , I can't picture myself making coffe while taking a crap .....so disappointed hope this helps others to stay away from this place
2	Getting a little bit old and nasty.  Sorry Gang.  Better places to stay in this city.
2	I'm not sure what to say about this place. It's dirty, old, and smelly. What can you say though, it's circus circus, so my expectations aren't that high. This review is just the casino and midway section, so I can only imagine what the rooms look like. I will say though, I think it's a fun place for kids, especially in the winter time, since there isn't much to do in vegas for kids. Midway games are roughly about 1-5 dollars a game.On the walk to the midway, at one point in time, I smelled feces!! Is that normal? I thought someone farted and left a trail, but the smell stayed for a bit. Left a gross taste in my mouth. The place is run down and really dirty. The floors are filthy, but it gave me fond memories when I came here as a child. Maybe next time, I'll go check out the adventure dome and hope that I don't die from a malfunctioned roller coaster!! :)
4	My experience here last week was amazing!  They upgraded my friends and I to a suite from a regular room at no extra cost and boy was it spacious!  There was a bar counter with sink, vanity mirror area, fridge, and an extra couch. It was clean and well kept too for how old of a casino this is!  Great rates on a low budget makes this hotel a perfect pick!I haven't stayed here in awhile but I'd still say it's a key family scene/hotel.  They offer free circus shows several times a day upstairs near the games.
4	We took the nephews to the Midway..  and they took us for all we've got! (okay, not really).  There were lots of games and the prices actually are pretty decent (most games for $1-2), a buck or two more if you got the "special".  I do like that a lot of the booths offered prizes to the kids even if they didn't win anything, makes it a lot better than when I was growing up and it was all or nothing!The kids had a great time, each had a nice bag of loot each, and got to watch the various acts that occurred in the small stage area throughout the day.  Definitely brought back some old nostalgia when the kids (me and my siblings) would play while our parents would gamble downstairs. *dreamy sigh*
1	So ya it's cheap.... But you will pay in other ways. I spent little money, but lost some of my soul here. First of all, this place is in a terrible location.  At one mile from the Strip, be prepared to take a lot of taxis or walk the desolate distance (which is no fun drunk and no fun sober). There's no coffee, there is no good restaurants save for tacos el Gordo And there are no good bars nearby.This isn't located on the new nor the old strip..... It's just nowhere.
4	With all the Arcades and rides inside Circus Circus it definitely stands out a little bit and brings in a little diversion to the Strip.I'm sure the Hotel itself is not the best, but the more fun you will have here, not only for gamble but for games, Arcades and for many kids.We won a lot of stuffed animals and it was fun.
2	I have been to Vegas over 30 times and never have stepped foot in here. I asked my girlfriend to take me and several times she asked "are you sure?".....I didn't understand why until I walked into this filthy carnival that resembles a casino.  I wouldn't have minded this place as much if it were clean  - Nice one MGM!We didn't partake in any of the "win a prize" games and did a speed walk through this place hoping not to stick to the floor or touch a wall.  The people in here seemed happy so maybe I'll chalk it up as a not for me place but I was in the place for a total of 10 minutes.  Yuck!
4	This place was AWESOME aside from all the families/kids and weird smell they pump through the casino floor.Sharon at the registration desk was super cool. Got us a 30th floor corner room in the west tower and it was CLEAN! From reading the reviews, I was a bit hesitant to stay here but hey, why give up free comps? Glad we did not let that deter us from checking it out. Not much food options at this spot as well. Thy bf and I ended up walking out of here for food. Gambling is meh. I lost but the bf made up my losses so why not?Will only come back if they give more free comps, otherwise I'd only come back should it be a last minute thing.
