5	So, let me first say that yes, I was a bit tipsy when I agreed to go on a ghost hunt. But apparently I was not the only one. We arrived at the park to find other ghost hunters already waiting. We decided to join forces and wait it out together. The story goes that around three in the morning, one of the swings on the playground starts to move and you can hear a little kid singing. The haunting is documented on various places on the internet, and is considered one of the most haunted places in America. Huh. Didn't even know that until that night. I probably wouldn't have gone if I did.Anyway, so we waited a bit, and then maybe because we were tired and still pretty hammed up, or maybe because it was true, we saw the swing move!! Unbelievable!! Then it stopped. And I wish I could go on with the story, but that's the end.But if you are bored one night, I really recommend checking it out because if only for the heeby jeebies, it's worth it...
1	Lame... Haunted my a$$!!! This place is like any other park with lots of kids playing.
3	So, after years of hearing about this place and being a native I figured it was about time for me to make my visit. The park does have a good setting working for it to build its reputation as a haunted sight. You have a church across the street, the elementary school behind it, a locked bathroom stall(hehe it sealed in evil alright). All three have SILENT HILL come to mind.  :) So anyways, when we got there,   others were already there for practically the same reason. So, after meeting some of their acquiantances, I proceeded to take pictures of the swings, mostly the 'non-kiddy' ones. My digital camera did pick up what looked to be like orbs around the swings but I think they were just glares from the metal(I mean, I even had a yellow 'orb'  which resembled the color of the bars.)As we(I brought a friend with me) continued our 'investigation' around the park, we also noticed plaques on stones at the base of several of the trees there, which indicated to me that after reading some of these, the park was a memorial of mostly old people.  I did not see the 'shadow people' lingering at the school, though I thought I saw a shadow behind one of the portables constantly 'peek-a-booing', but I thought it was just my eyes messing with me. So ok, here's the experience that me and my friend both had and could not duplicate. After we turned the corner(the one with the walk-way leading to a residential street), to the left side, for about a second, a beam of regular coloured light practically blinded my left eye. This light came from near the top of the biggest mass of trees directly diagonal of my position. After trying to recreate this experience and failing, my friend and I have deduced that it was not from a passing car, which was practically ruled out immediately and also agreed that the light was too bright and more narrow than any of the street lights present. As we sat down on a table near the swing after trying to make contact with a boy's spirit, some more people showed up and we began conversing about this place and other ghost stories. The point I'm making is, one of these guys had a very similar experience with the piercing light coming from the same group of trees and too had no explanation to give. So, if anyone has also had a similar experience regarding the light, I'd love to hear about. Is this place worth your time, I'd say so, at least for 1 visit. The people(they all seemed like a very young crowd) were all very nice so this place seems to draw in good crowds. Thank you for reading my review. :)
