5	I recently purchased a home that was a foreclosure and like alot of homes in Vegas, the pool was disgusting, green, and broken. I called several companies out to fix the problem and kept getting the run around. One company wouldn't call me back, another couldn't do the type of repairs needed, another said they could do it when they came back from vacation in 2 weeks. I called 702 pools and the owner came out himself within an hour to give me an estimate, started working on it the next day, and clean/fixed in time for our thanksgiving get together (3 days!) I'm very happy with the work they did and even hired them for monthly service. Prices were very reasonable.
1	We thought we would try them through a groupon promotion.  The guy that came out to clean was lucky if he was working on our pool for no more than 5 minutes.  I didn't see him brush the pool and anything on the bottom of the pool stayed on the bottom.  The promotion was for 1 month of cleanings otherwise 4 cleanings.  They called before the 4th cleaning to see if we were going to continue, and when I told them no, they have not been back to do the 4th cleaning.  I called I have been told that they argued with me that my time expired a week earlier, but then after 5 minutes of telling them it hasn't they realized they had the wrong account.  Was told they would be out Monday and now two weeks later have not been out.  I would not recommend this company unless you like giving money away for services not rendered and that you end up doing yourself.  They talk a great game but follow through is horrible.
1	Signed up with 702 Pools five weeks ago. Nick (the owner?) came out, seemed personable and knowledgeable. I told him we didn't want the pool to turn green this year. He said no problem.First week the guy comes and does a half-assed job, never cleaned the filter (which Nick assured me would be done). I cleaned the filter and called 702 - they apologized and said it wouldn't happen again. The next week went with no problem.Fourth week the guy came while my wife was out. When she returned home the pump was running but it was not pumping water. She shut if off. When I got home I checked and found the oring for the pump basket was broken. I was able to piece it together so that it didn't suck air. Called 702 and again they apologized but seemed to imply that maybe the oring was somehow defective. (The pump is two months old and I've had the cover off a number of times to clean the basket without incident.) Nick said they'd replace the oring on the next visit (I would have assumed they would have sent someone over immediately to replace it).Today, the fifth visit, again my wife was out. Again when she returned home the pump was running but it wasn't pumping water. I checked and the oring had not been replaced. We called 702. Nick said his guy tried to replace the oring but it was the wrong size. (Tried to replace?) I told Nick that 3 strikes and they're out. Out of four visits we had to call and complain three times, twice the problem could have caused (at the least) the pump to fail. I told Nick that I did not feel we received value for the money we paid ($110 per month) and I'd like a refund. His answer? "We cleaned your pool didn't we?" I would say that 702 Pools has a lot to learn about customer service. You don't break a customer's equipment and then just leave it. You don't break someone's equipment and try to pass the blame onto the consumer. I would never recommend 702 Pools to anyone.
1	702 pools does not know what they are doing.  I got a promotional two months of service and cancelled them before it was even over.  A five year old can do a better job of taking care of pools.  When they came out for the initial inspection, I made sure to tell the it was a salt water pool but every time they came out I had to throw out 4 tablets of chlorine from the basket.  It got so bad that the smell of chlorine was overpowering.  The first week they came out, they didn't even take the cover off the pool to clean it, also they never turned the pump back on after cleaning the filters.  When I called them to cancel service all I got was voicemail like normal.  They never even had the professional courtesy to call back to discuss the situation.
1	If I could give this company no stars I would!! DO NOT trust them with your pool. They have a lot of turnover with their employees and they DO NOT know what they are doing. They did my maintence for a year and did not tell me that my equipment was leaking and never cleaned up after themselves. They ruined my pool and now I have paid over $1200 to have my pool drained, acid washed and refilled. The owner will not give me any answer as to why this happened and will not take any responibility. He blamed me for the problems. Please DO NOT trust them with your pool!!!
1	i am using all capitals to bring attention to 702 pools. the first 7 months with 702 pools were great, but then something terrible occurred. the 702 pools employees who are hired by the owner are not knowledgeable. they change frequently too. i had to pay $1500 to fix my pool because the ph of the pool was not properly maintained. it ph was allowed to be too acidic. this resulted in copper being stripped from the heating elements and it stained my entire pool plaster purple and ruined the tile. the pople who repaired stated they had never seen a purple pool in 20+ years of caring for pools.  the owner of 702 pools, nick, is refusing to take responsibility.  when i brought the problem of staining to his attention, he did not know what was wrong and stated he would ask someone. he later returned dropped something in the pool to remove metal staining, this further lowered the ph of the pool and a different pool company told me had a couple more days gone by i would have lost my entire heater system. i took the water for analysis after i dropped in 25 pounds of baking soda to get the ph up, but they told me i had "dead water" and to drain and refill my pool. nick does not have the knowledge he should have for someone who is in charge of pool services. i am now doing the chemicals on my own. guess what,  it is not hard at all. avoid 702 pools. prior to the damage that occurred i had too many warning signs because of staff not caring properly for pool. the coupon or groupon is not worth what it could cost you and now i will report him to his licensing board to get my money back.
