5	It was my first visit and I was very impressed. Had my teen daughter with me and they did a great job. Will surely go back!
2	This place is a literal hole in the wall threading salon. I was afraid for my health when I was told to sit on the couch in the waiting area. It was dirty and looked to be in bad need of recovering. I had previously looked online to see that they had a special for $5 eyebrow threading for first time clients. As I signed in at the desk, I questioned the hostess about the offer to make sure it was still available. She said that the offer is only good at 2 other locations. I advised her that the 2 other locations she was referring to had an even cheaper special advertised online. She still was insisting that this salon didn't honor the $5 special. I pulled up the website on my phone and showed her the advertised special valid for this location. This was still not enough to convince her, she called someone and after a 5 minute conversation, said "we can honor the special." I thanked her and waited for the next available technician. I was called back by Sudi and she proceeded to thread my eyebrows. She actually did an amazing job. If this place wasn't such a dump, I would probably be a loyal client of hers. She is the only reason I give this place 2 stars instead of 1. I can't bring myself to return though. The inside is like a nasty, dirty, unkempt old nail salon minus the nail equipment. Maybe the other locations aren't as bad, but this one is a disgusting mess. The only reason I strayed from Diva Beauty was because the location is closer to my home and because of the $5 special.
4	Sudi is an amazing artist. I was in bad need of a cleanup and was close by so I decided to give this place another try. It looks like they have cleaned up a bit. There is still a serious lack of decorations aside from the Buddha and cat statues. I got a great deal- $40 for 6 eyebrow threading sessions! At this price I don't mind missing my bottled water and chocolates that Diva passes out. Besides, Sudi is hands down the best at getting my brows the perfect shape that I like them. It took her approximately 5 minutes and I was in and out.
3	Customer service: I went in for the first time I signed in and they told me to sit down and wait! Well I was the only one there and there was two of them watching a movie! I sat there for 5 to10 mins waiting! When more people came they helped me! That us why their customer service is a 2 star!Service: well the lady doing my eyebrows did a good job! By making it fast and less pain! Usually when I get my eyebrows done, I usually have a lot of hair to clean so they clean where they see my shape of my eye brows then make it thin but not too thin until they ask me if it's ok! Then I tell them to thin it out in curtain places! But the lady who did my eyebrows at this store,  made the front of my eyebrows a little too thin! So when she asked me if my eyebrows are ok! I could not say, no you made it to thin! She can't just grow my eyebrows back! But I looked at it and dealt with it! Website: there website says "first time client get a perfectly done eyebrows for half off!" that is a false statement cause asked and told them and showed them on my iPhone! And they said no, we don't have it! So What the hell, I paid for my 10 dollar!  I would go back but I want to try others before making a final decision on which one I like!This was close to my house!
1	I honestly Only go here because it's conveniently by my house. The girls are just kind of rude. They just talk amongst each other in their own language. They don't even say "hi" or "welcome" or "thanks". I tipped the lady and didn't even give me a thank you she just kept talking. When the lady rang me up she just looked at me when she gave my receipt. Oh! Oh! Aaaaaaannnnnnddddd!!!! When the lady was doing my eyebrows she laid her tools on my chest like was some freaking utility table! -_____________- is she crazy! I was about to bust a Kill Bill on her with the pair of scissors she laid on me. And!!! She did my brows too thin. Nice one girls! I'm all about service and they serviced me in every worst way possible.
5	I agree with the other reviews - go to Sudi - she is the BEST!!
4	i normally go to Sudi.  She does a really great job and explained to me that if i dont go to the same person every time my eyebrows are going to be different.  i dont know why i never realized this before but it makes sense.  every artist does them a little different.  I have never had my eyebrows look bad although at times they do become a little thin, but that can be avoided by just telling them you dont want them too thin.
5	Been coming here for over a year... Won't ever go anywhere else. I always love their work.
3	Sudi is really good, I like her work, but for the life of me I cannot understand why they play that funky music no one can understand but them. Hello?! The music is for the customers, not the employees! Also those dirty couches need replacing. Why do you expect people to sit on them? If the atmosphere was more welcoming and catered to the customer, trust your business will grow. Until then you will have to settle for what business you have. In America, we are big on customer service, learn that lesson, and your business will soar.....
4	Shahla is awesome !!! Ive been going to her for about a year now and she is truly a heaven send
4	The only place I trust to do my eyebrows! I prefer Sudi :)
3	I've gone here 4 times, only because it's close to my house. They do a good job but the friendliness factor is not there. I think they all need a lesson in customer service.
5	I love , love love this place. Shala is my favorite threader of all time. I will never see anyone but her. Once you try threading , You will never wax again.
4	I was a little skittish about having my eyebrows threaded. I've had them waxed, plucked, but never threaded. Today was my first-ever eyebrow threading experience. I must say it was rather quick and painless. No redness like I get with the waxing. Shala, my threader was efficient and friendly. The only issue I had was being a contact lens wearer, it was a little uncomfortable having to place my finger on my eyelid and other fingers above the eye she was working on, to stretch the skin. No problem. Next time I will wear my glasses. For $10 I was satisfied with the results. I will be back.
3	Eyebrows R Us is a threading salon.  They specialize in eyebrows, but do all of the body in their salons.  I have only used them for eyebrows, so my review is based on that service specifically.I have been going off and on to Eyebrows R Us for several years now.  I started going when they only had 1 store in the valley and have stuck with them through the years, on and off. I don't live super close, so I only visit a ERU if I am near one on another errand, otherwise I just wax my eyebrows at my local nail place.  I have been to several of their locations and service seems to be the same across the board. So good points for being consistent on eyebrows!  They always do a good job and I am always pleased with the look of my brows afterwards.  The prices are also pretty good at $10 or you can get prepaid cards for discounted services if you plan on visiting regularly.The reason I am giving them a 3 star rating is the customer service portion.  No one ever seems to be smiling and or happy whenever I am there.  I get everyone has bad days, but every single time and not one person is smiling.....Weird!  No one is ever very welcoming or pleasant when you talk to them.  They always just tell you to sign in and they usually just point to you when it is your turn.  If it is your first time, they also seem a little annoyed during the threading if you don't know how to hold your eyebrow during the session.  I don't think I have ever had more than a 2 sentence conversation with anyone at any of their locations.  So if you want friendly people, don't come here.  If you don't mind, then go for it, because they are good at eyebrows!So there you have it.  Decide for yourself and good luck with your eyebrows!
1	I got my Eyebrows Done last week. I was so disappointed from the service. They don't even greet you, They are every rude and don't care even if they mess up with your eyebrows.. I would suggest people.. Please don't go to this location.. Horrible experience:(
1	Well my brows came out beautiful BUT I have many cuts above my left eye and the right right under my brow.  Its super noticeable and painful. So NEVER go when its a person working ALONE she will rush and cut you up
2	I walked inn went to the counter to sign inn and no words from them they just looked I said hello to them I got a smile cracked. I got immediate service but after service was done I was unable to use the restroom. Good enough to received my money but not able to use restroom. I took it out on her tip which she didn't say thank you when receiving .
2	.5 star for being close to our house. 1 star for price1 star for consistent workLike others have stated.... the employees are not warm, or friendly. Nope....they don't say hi, bye, or thank you.  They don't even care whether or not you like them, or their services. Sad. My mom still goes back.
1	omg! the lady did not greet me, she did my brows rough and quick! i paid with my card and she asks me "do you want to tip"... i had my hand open for me to hand the card and she places it on the counter. no smile, no greeting, no thank you, horrible! i am dissatisfied with this location. never again.
4	This experience was better then I was anticipating.  The employee was not overly friendly but she did say hello to me when I entered the shop.  I had my children with me so I was a little worried since they can be a little unruly.  They love to dance so the salon becomes a studio.  The employee was not bothered at all!  She was fast and took care of my brows like a pro.  I'm a chatter so I kind of made her talk to me and crack a smile.  I'll go back for now.
2	This location got two stars just because it's an eyebrows r us! Other than that I will never come back here my eyebrows look horrible there's no arch it's a straight line across and all the time I been getting my eyebrows down it has never been painful it felt as if she was trying to rip my skin off and then I was in and out in less than 5 minutes so you know my eyebrows look horrible it's never taken less than 5 for my eyebrows to get done. Terrible terrible customer service and job in all.
2	I have been coming here since May 2013 only to see Shala or Sudi and now that both of them are gone I'm kind of hopeless. If it were a review just for them two I'd probably go with a 4star. And yes I can say they are definitely lacking in customer service skills. Not very welcoming. But I sure as hell will not be going back..Last week when I asked to see Shala, the lady there told me she n Sudi got fired bc this, this n that!!! How unprofessional!? And the rest of the ladies there are not that great. They messed up my sisters eyebrows lol STAY AWAY UNLESS YOURE DESPERATE
3	Don't expect to be greeted,  it's dark and gloomy,  the ladies are rude,  too rough too quick.  But then the results were good,  and it's so close to my home.  Should I complain,  should I just bite my lip and bare it?
4	My eyebrows were a mess and this lady fixed them. They look wonderful and I won't stop getting compliments. It hurts , but it's definitely worth the pain.
4	I haven't had any problems here. The only thing is its location is a little far from where I'm at. I prefer Khem. She knows how to bring my eyebrows back to life and perfect!!!!! I once went to the other lady, I think her name is Sudi or something and she did an okay job but just took too much hair off and was kinda short and rude with me. Other than that there's never a long wait (I usually go on Saturdays)
5	Sudi is the best. If you consistently come to her she remembers just how you like to be threaded and does it right every time. I'm glad she is back!
