5	I went to see Stacey to see if she could loosen up a very tight shoulder.  After a couple of stretching and massage treatments my shoulder was back to normal.  I highly recommend Stacey as she understands how the body functions and how to get you back on track.
5	I have had many deep tissues massages over the years but this was truly one of the best. With nerve damage and recent injuries, I needed someone who could pinpoint areas and really work to release the muscles and tension. Stacy listened and knew EXACTLY what to do. She incorporated several techniques, showed me stretches to do and, since I am not from the area, offered to send me information about specialized massage therapists in my area. She worked both my friend and I into her schedule on short notice. Talk about service above and beyond! On my next trip to Vegas, one of my first calls will be to set up a massage at Power of Touch! Thank you!!
5	I've been really happy with Stacey's work (obviously...I did 5 stars). A couple specific reasons for that. 1) I'm a little but bigger guy and sometimes it's harder to find someone to really break down my tissue. Stacey handles it no problem and it's too tough on me either. 2) She always seems to have some research she's done for me. To me that means she's into what she does and is pushing herself on it, which counts for something in my book.
5	Stacey provided quality deep tissue massage combined with some newer medical practices which helped to relieve the pain and tension I was suffering from after several days walking the Las Vegas Strip. . Special attention was paid to my sciatica. Just be aware that she leases a space inside goldilocks spa so I had a little trouble finding it, but she responded quickly to my message and let me know where to go.
5	If you are looking for somebody with extensive knowledge of the human body and healing then Stacey is your girl! I am a person that lives on information for my body and Stacey had every answer I wanted and more. I had never been for a massage before and she was very gentle and communicative as to what she was doing! Loved it.
5	Amazing!  Not only was it my first massage ever but it was one of the best experiences ever. I now feel because of Stacey that I have a better understanding of my body and how much this therapy is very beneficial! I cannot wait to go back
5	Stacey is very much observant / in tune with what may be needed. She has many times shared super suggestions for "homework" as well - stretches or other routines that keep areas of tension feeling better longer.
5	On my first visit with Stacey my needs where thoroughly evaluated. She then began the physical work. As she started with my right foot I remarked: "This is the best massage I have ever had!"  As she continued and got to my back I said:  "I was wrong.  This is the ONLY REAL massage I have ever had!!"  I had a low back injury/pain that bothered me for 35 years. Stacey was able to fix that within 2 months.....a miracle.
5	Stacey is wonderful! I need a more athletic, deep tissue massage and she nails it every time. I really like how she doesn't just give you the canned '#' minute massage. She knows how to read the tissue, target the problem areas and what stretches to incorporate to get the job done. Very knowledgable beyond just massage therapy. I highly recommend Stacey for an athletic massage because that's all I've gotten from her.
5	After trying all different approaches(chiropractic, pain management, acupuncture,  massage) to alleviate chronic shoulder and back pain with only temporary relief , I met Stacy and she introduced me to Myofascial Release.  She has been helping me put my body back into balance.  Since starting this therapy my pain has lessened, my balance has improved, and I feel lighter on my feet.  Stacy has the know how to help you free yourself from chronic pain without invasive surgery.
5	Seriously excellent massage and reasonable rates. Stacey will customize a massage just for you. She is how I learned about myofascial release, which I now do regularly on myself thanks to her instructions.Would not hesitate to come back and you will definitely love this place!
5	After trying all different approaches(chiropractic, pain management, acupuncture,  massage) to alleviate chronic shoulder and back pain with only temporary relief , I met Stacy and she introduced me to Myofascial Release.  She has been helping me put my body back into balance.  Since starting this therapy my pain has lessened, my balance has improved, and I feel lighter on my feet.  Stacy has the know how to help you free yourself from chronic pain without invasive surgery.
5	I am telling you people.. she really fix my back problem that bothering me for few weeks. I really like her techniques and surely she knows what she doing. I am hooked with this place and get my regular massage.
