4	After hiking through Pueblo Park last Saturday and in 2008, I have something to say. I am a fan.  Pueblo Park is a linear park that connects Rampart Boulevard to the southwest corner of Buffalo Drive at Lake Mead Boulevard in Summerlin. The main entrance and the parking lot sits at the southwest corner of Buffalo Drive at Lake Mead Boulevard. Past the parking lot, Pueblo Park begins in a grassy area with picnic tables, basketball hoops, restrooms, and the general community park amenities. West of the grassy park, Pueblo Park develops into a winding paved trail that follows an arroyo.   Regardless that Pueblo Park parallels Lake Mead Boulevard and is bordered by homes on top of hills; with the exception of two developed community parks, it is an island of nature in Summerlin. There is so much nature to see and hear. I never saw as many bunny rabbits as I did today. And these bunny rabbits were not the timid ones that run off when they see a human. There were varieties of birds. Birds are the soundtrack to a walk through Pueblo Park. There were lizards. The landscaping is candy to the eyes. Yet, there is a common sight missing at Pueblo Park. Graffiti! Kudos to the Summerlin Council for keeping on top of graffiti control.    Pueblo Park is a safe place for a short hike. The trail is paved and relatively flat. Homes border the park. Tunnels eliminate the automobile and pedestrian conflict.  Being in Summerlin it is fitting that Pueblo Park ends at a golf course. After the second tunnel (travelling from the east)  the hiking trail merges with the Rampart Boulevard walking path.
5	Came here with my dog early in the am, very nicely done landscaping and trails.  Felt safe walking alone here, will come back again
4	I love this park.  It has something for everyone. Want to get the kids off the couch? It is a great place to take the kids to play on the playground which includes swings, slides, and a sandbox.  Want to get some exercise? There is a great paved path to ride bikes or go on a jog around the field of grass.  There is also an easy hiking trail. Want to give the pets some exercise and change of scenery?  It is a great place to take your dog for a walk.  Want to have a picnic? There is a great picnic area that is well lit, complete with barbecue grills.  Plenty of grass to lay a blanket and take a nap.  Plenty of trees and shade. I am a big fan.  The first time I came it was after school, and there were a ton of teenagers hanging around. But, when I brought the kids earlier in the day, they practically had the park to themselves.
5	A gorgeous park for us lucky locals! It has been my top 2 favorite parks in Summerlin for years. This beautiful wash park is great for walking/running/biking, picnic, kids playing, walking the dogs, soccer and basketball practice...and even "Hiking"! Yes, hiking, too! Read on, if interested.- Oh yes, this park is very well maintained by the landscape crew and patrolled by the park security. The entire park is wheelchair accessible.- Its paved path, with pleasant views of the washbeds and the nice houses on the banks above, stretches out to 1.7 gentle miles long from the main Entrance on Lake Mead (west side of Buffalo) to the Rampart end. - There are TWO beautiful, large grass lawns (on each side of Pueblo Vista), several covered pavilions with grills and picnic tables, three playgrounds, a small basketball court...even a small corner with "fitness exercise stations" in the open rest area/playground by the Rampart end.- There are plenty of places for resting. Besides pavilions, there are also park benches thoughtfully placed every 0.25mi or so on the path for you to enjoy the beauty of the park in peace! At the Rampart end by the golf course, there are 2 more small rest courts on each side the overpass/tunnel, one of which has a chessboard on its table.-  It has bathroom facilities by the front entrance side. For the Rampart side, there is no restroom, but one could use the facility in the Trent Park Sports Complex on Vegas/Rampart, 0.2mi up.- For parking, besides the lots beyond the main entrance off Lake Mead, there are parking spaces also on Pueblo Vista St (off Lake Mead), right above the tunnel/overpass, nearby the Lutheran Church and school. There are paved paths off the street overpass leading into the park.SOMETHING EXTRA:- To extend the walking distance, one can branch out by going up and down the paths to/from resident areas. For even greater distance, you can also walk another 0.2mi on Vegas towards Rampart to get into the "Trent Park Sports Complex" around the corner. BTW: This park is worth a visit, too. - For the more adventurous, one can "hike" on several sections of WASH BEDS and/or on the upper DIRT Trails along the school fence or along the perimeters of the residential wall - it'd be almost like HIKING! (see pics). - Enjoy your "HIKE" but do be CAREFUL and stay clear of areas where there are watering dripper/sprinklers, and have a good pair of walking/hiking shoes.BTW: I noted that Yelper Daniel S. had already given an outstanding review on this park a few months back, which is informative and a pleasure to read!- Here, I really just wanted to add that in Pueblo, one can ALSO (1) do some "In-City Hiking" and (2) extend walking distance.Peterskis, Nov 2012----
4	Need a nice place to walk the dog and/or yourself?  Want to host a BBQ or birthday party?  Want to play on the swings?  Just need to enjoy the great outdoors?  You can do all that here at Pueblo Park.  This place is in my 'hood, so I walk my dog Marley here a lot; the large grassy area in the middle of the park is great for us to run around.  There is one covered patio area that's popular for parties; my godson just had his birthday party there, complete with a bouncy house on the grass.  There's a playground and the aforementioned swings, as well as another uncovered area with tables and a BBQ.  It's a nice neighborhood park in the Pueblo section of Summerlin and a great option for when you want to get outside and chill...or get moving.
4	My bf and I, we like to take long walks in the park in the evening and on the weekends. Last weekend we went to this park. It was my first time there and I was super surprised. This park is so green and lush! Whoa. I'm jealous of the people living nearby. The walking trails are great even if there's limited shading. There's an awesome picnic area with a lot of trees and grills. It looks so inviting I wish I had some corn to grill right there and then. Definitely coming back to this park in the near future.
5	This is a nice desert landscaped area. I like to walk the trail when I'm on this side of town.  The walking path is pleasant and the scenery is beautiful. There are also other park facilities like picnic tables and basketball courts.
4	This is a nice park w/a gr8 walking trail from Buffalo to Rampart in a natural desert setting.  Park is well maintained and there are grass fields, basketball courts, exercise pit stops, picnic tables, playgrounds and restroom facilities.  Lots of plants, critters and dog walkers.  People are friendly but keep a look out for speeding bikers.  For a good 3 mile walk/jog get on over to Pueblo.  You'll enjoy the scenery.
