5	Wow! This place was amazing! It beyond exceeded my expectations. The lobster ravioli (homemade), the beef tenderloin and the specialty cocktails are all incredible. Oh, and the mac-n-cheese was amazing too! Please check this place out! It's to die for!
3	We were a little disappointed with our visit to Cielo, a restaurant inside the Hotel Theodore (used to be The Mondrian). The atmosphere is very modern and open, and the hostess was great. Our server was nice, but not incredibly helpful or enthusiastic. I had a few questions about the wine list, but he told us he didn't know much about wine. When the bartender didn't know much either, he mentioned that the manager could help. When he came back, he said the manager didn't want to come out, but agreed that a meritage I asked about was great. It was a great wine, but I was surprised the manager wouldn't take the time to come help in person. We started out with the Tuna tartare -- it was fine, but the portions were extremely small. The appetizer might have been appropriate for one person, but barely (the two of us had two bites each). Both of us ordered Creekstone Beef Tenderloin with prosciutto and white truffle mac & cheese -- fantastic. The only issue was that, again, the portions were small. We were both still hungry, so we ordered the Grilled Romaine which was fantastic. We finished with their "Coffee & Doughnuts" dessert at the waiter's suggestion (Krispy Kream donut bread pudding,Hazelnut coffee gelato, chocolate butter crumble). It was good, but very, very small. When they put it down, we looked at each other and actually started laughing. It was a fun moment for us.If you're into a modern, eclectic atmosphere and are a very light eater, this might be for you. But if you appreciate great service and a knowledgeable staff, just know we experienced an off night.
4	Back in the gold rush days before the real-estate bubble burst, we went to Fiamma Restaurant in the Mondrian Hotel (or was it called the James Hotel?) for a post theater dinner. The driveway was lined with hummers, manned by twenty-somethings in their $200 jeans, all screaming for attention. It was no better inside: the noise was deafening, the service poor, the food downright bad and the prices outrageous.     How things have changed! The hotel is now The Theodore, and the parking lot, when we arrived at 6 PM on a Saturday, was deserted, as was the lobby. As, indeed was the restaurant, although by 7:30 (the hour when people more civilized than we go out to eat) several more tables were occupied.  Service was outstanding, the food excellent and reasonably priced. Under Chef Comer Smith the seasonal menu is Italian, with the emphasis on local and sustainable ingredients. The pasta is made from scratch daily, and it tastes like it - toothsome and fresh. Gelato is also house-made.      The menu changes frequently and I forgot to write down the descriptions and cost of our entrees, so please forgive any errors. Ken had the special of tuna and olives in a tomato sauce with big fat spaghetti (I don't know it's technical name). From his first bite he raved about the quality of the pasta. The serving size was generous. I ordered braised pork shoulder with brussels sprouts served over polenta with gorgonzola ($20). The combination was divine as was the rich sauce served on it. I had read that the truffled mac & cheese ($6) was good, so I had to give it a try. At first I thought it was bland and under truffle-oiled, but after a few forkfuls I could appreciate the subtlety. I forced myself to leave a bite or two so I'd have room for dessert. Panacotta ($8) was one of the choices, and something Ken loves. It was a peach version, served atop a disc of white chocolate and accompanied by a limoncello granita. I had the intriguing sensation of being able to taste the colors. This truly is food made by a thoughtful chef.     I looked on line at some of the past menus so I could give you a few more examples of the cuisine and the prices. One of the appetizers was Polpettine Siciliano ($10): little meatballs with raisins, pinenuts, tomato sauce and baked ricotta salata. Braised Oxtail Tortellini ($17) served with tomato sugo and parmesan crema was something I have to go back and try (I think it was on our menu). Jumbo Sea Scallops ($26) with blood orange and fennel caponata didn't sound bad either. Pizzas ($14) are made in a wood burning oven.And, of course, here's the best part - you guessed it! - Ciello (pronounced chee-EL-oh) is on Restaurant.com.     I have to comment here about the decor of both the hotel lobby and the restaurant. If I thought Athena (see below) was over-the-top, Ciello takes the cake. Actually you feel like you're inside a wedding cake, all white and rococo, although there is some odd rooster art left over from a previous incarnation. The mishmash of styles - huge steer heads and abstract sculptures - was a great conversation maker.
4	Cielo was the first stop for AZ Restaurant Week, and a good way to start off this auspicious week.  I love going into a restaurant, and seeing a definite theme in the decorations, and Cielo delivered on this.  There was nothing not black, white, red or rooster (yeah really... rooster, there's even a gigantic egg on the back porch).  But onto the food.  From the restaurant week menu we ordered:Caprese salad (with Buffalo Mozzarella and a candied prosciutto)--pretty darn amazing.  Very obvious that this salad was well thought-out... right down to the incredibly fresh mozzarella. 5*tuna (um... with delicious?)--looked and tasted like seared tuna with a drizzle of balsamic on the side.  Good, but not great.  3.5*Duck Egg Pappardelle with short rib ragu--the boyfriend raved about this one, as well he should.  Absolutely delicious rolled pasta with chunks upon chunks of savory beef....  I may or may not have licked the plate :-) 5*Sea Bass-- perfectly seared with crispy skin still on top.  My only complaint might be that there was just too much sauce with it... a sauce that threatened to overshadow the fish itself  4*And to end the night... a Mojito Panna Cotta.  /nostalgic sigh/  I wish I could end every night with their Panna Cotta, with watermelon and raspberry sauce on one side, and pistachio sauce on the other.  Each bite was a feeling of creamy lusciousness, whether you wanted to complement it with the slightly tart watermelon/raspberry sauce, or the richer and nuttier pistachio sauce.  5.5* Thus ended the first night of AZ Restaurant Week... for me.
2	One of those restaurants where you go in, and go "huh, why is it sooo empty".  Albeit it's a Wed nght, but it's also Restaurant Week... I even felt like we owned the entry area of the Theodore.. never saw a soul except a desk guy hidden in an alcove.  Park in the adjacent Buckboard lot, as there was a sign stating Guest Parking $10 though I didn't see an attendant who could collect.4 people, all a variety of dishes from the very promising sounding menu so we definitely had the works.  It just did not wow.  I appreciated the papardelle pasta was freshly made (but kept tossing overboard to my bf the mushy bland short rib meat... mid week leftovers?) and the meyer lemon tart.  General repeated comment re: our mains... salty.Now I can see this being a place for lounging and drinks, especially if they were to draw those curtains down around you to cozy up your table.  But I want to like the food too.
2	My boyfriend an I ate here during restaurant week, our experience was less than great. When we arrived the hostess was very nice, she let us pick our table... the place was near empty, which seemed strange for a Thursday night. The decor was ok, but everywhere you look there's a rooster on the wall. Our waiter tripped several times... not sure what was wrong with him, he seemed a little off, It was distracting since he was tripping over the chairs at our table- 3 or 4 times! The food was surprisingly unimpressive. We got the quail fritter and mozzarella appetizers. The mozzarella was lovely- very tasty. But the quail fritter tasted like breakfast sausage. We ordered the honey lacquered pork chop and pappardelle entree's. They sent out the pork chop barely cooked, when we flagged down the waiter, who was nowhere to be seen for a good 10min, and told him the pork was NOT even cooked a little (we showed him how it was raw once cut into), he replied "so the pork is not cooked to your liking?"... no, it wasn't cooked at all! So he took the pork back and they re-heated it for what seemed like an eternity. Meanwhile, the pappardelle was OK, very salty, but still edible, the noodles were cooked a little less than al dente, but it was still tasty. Once dessert came they brought us complimentary champagne because we looked so displeased with the whole place. The doughnut dessert with cherry chocolate sauce was quite tasty actually, I enjoyed it, however the lemon tart that we also ordered was pretty sad. The crust seemed un-crusty, not cooked enough, the lemon filling was not anything special either- kind of like bad gelatinous lemonade. Needless to say, we won't be returning. I'm disappointed that I had to pay for the food and service here.
4	My husband and I came here for Restaurant Week and were very pleasantly surprised.  From the special menu, I ordered the canellini bean soup with fried goat cheese.  It was both salty and smooth.  You could really taste the softness of the beans, and the salty goat cheese really finished out the cheese.  My husband ordered the caprese with candied prosciutto.  The mozzarella was very fresh, and the prosciutto was delicious.  For the entree, I had the Sea Bass, which was perfectly cooked.  The chef left the skin on, and it gave the fish a crispy outer texture which was both unusual and tasty.  My husband ordered the duck egg papardelle with braised short ribs.  His dish was delectable, and I definitely had entree envy.We finished things off with a Mojito Panna Cotta which was minty and limey and tasty.  We were somewhat nervous trying a new restaurant for restaurant week when there were such great, established deals, but Cielo did not disappoint!  We had great food, and would definitely return :)
4	Delicious pasta. Good wine at fair prices. Pretty good pizza. Hope it stays in business!
2	i have to say, the mac n cheese was VERY good! and the brussel sprouts were ok, i've cooked better in my microwave.our first let-down...no one was there. we were one of 3 couples eating there (7pm), and by 8:15, we were the only people, on a saturday night. it felt almost like we were in a scottsdale version of The Shining. the portions are painfully small, which can be a good thing with so many overweight folks bobbing along these days...but...the prices! which shouldn't really be a complaint. we knew what we were getting into when we made reservations here, however, i was not at all impressed with my food. paying over the top prices for small portions at Sanctuary was well worth it...at cielo, not so much. there was only one fish dish on the whole menu, and they were out of that...odd because like i said, only 3 other couples were dining. they must have caught only 3 fish for the night. we had to get the scallops without the fancy bacon (which were tasty...not the bacon, the scallops) and the ravioli things...my dish. small and within seconds, cold and gummy. our eating partner got a pizza and it was way too bready and had virtually no red sauce. the service was good and the decor was outstanding. but i'm just so miffed about a) running out of fish when there was virtually no one else in there and b) the price to food to taste ratio. i know fancy places don't care, but we won't be back....or i won't. my wife liked hers and she keeps the credit card.
4	My saltimbocca chicken was quite good, a lollipop cut. The reduction sauce was delicious. The halibut  with shrimp was also tasty with a corn relish.  Wine list by the glass was very adequate.  Decor was upscale, but the crowd was sparse.  The evening was cool, but on another day, the patio would be very nice.  Not the place for a boisterous evening, but overall, quite nice.
5	Wow. I am in love with this restaurant. Biggest crush on a restaurant in a long time. Everything about it made me fall even more in love. Let me start with the ambience. A++++. I loved the furniture, the paintings, the whole interior design was perfect for my tastes. Even the bathroom was wonderfully decorated- I need to copy it for my own. Next, the food. It was so tasty, everything cooked perfectly. We ordered the organic saltimbocca chicken- delicious, the scallops- OMG, the side of garlic spinach- yummy, and the grilled romaine salad- wow... I need to learn how to grill my own romaine, it was such a good idea. Third, the presentation was beautiful. Fourth, the service was great. The man at the front desk was even nice enough to let me print something out on his computer instead of having to dish out $ in the business center.  Overall, a perfect dining experience. Why isn't there a place like this in SF? If there is, somebody needs to let me know!!
3	I give this restaurant 3 1/2 stars. When we arrived (shortly after opening albeit) there was no one at the hostess stand or at the bar to great us, so we waited until some staff came out of the kitchen and then we were seated. On first appearance, the restaurant looked really clean with it's all white decor with black accents, but has a feel of trying to be fancier than what it is. As the sun set and the lights dimmed I was more impressed with the vibe they were trying to create, but I think I'm a bit too blue collar to truly appreciate what they were trying to do.Our server what extremely professional. He was on top of all our needs and was very knowledgeable of the menu. The food was delicious. I concur that the portions are small, but there is a reason for this. This is not your typical chain-styled restaurant where you pay $15-$30 and get a salad/soup + large entree to take home for tomorrows lunch. The menu is designed to have you select one item from the salads ($7-$8), appetizers ($8-$15), pasta ($13-$15), entree (~$25), sides ($7) a la carte, and then dessert ($7-$9). Dinner for two can get expensive really quick. My wife and I each had a salad, shared an appetizer (too small to split), and each had a pasta. Our bill came out to $69 and we were still hungry.We did not plan to spend a lot on dinner, so we limited what we ordered as we were going out after to a few other places and a movie. As said by others, the place was absolutely empty. We left around 7 p.m. and we were the only ones in the place. You could say it was romantic, but at the same time, it was a little creepy to sit alone in this cavernous space.Unfortunately they have a very talented chef and professional staff that will soon be out of work if the do not do more to attract customers. Walking by the outside through the Scottsdale mall I would have never imagined that I was walking by a restaurant.Notable: The cabernet dressing on the salad was amazing! It was sweet, rich and creamy. If I could get a large salad with that dressing on it, I would come in every week.The scallops from the appetizers were delicious. The chef has the unique gift of combining rare and almost opposing flavors that will give you a definite treat.
5	In a nutshell:  The best dinner I've had in my 2 years of living in Phoenix.I was initially hesitant to try Cielo because of the mixed Yelp reviews, but when a Groupon was offered, I decided to take a chance.  I'm glad I did.I greatly enjoyed the wonderful, gorgeously-presented polenta and the perfectly cooked pork tenderloin.  The complimentary breadsticks and cheese were the perfect items to munch on while waiting for our food.  The service was leisurely (not slow), allowing us to fully enjoy each course while nonetheless presenting us with a hot plate at the next turn..Like another reviewer, I was initially put off by the alarming lack of patrons at the restaurant.  The place isn't on the street (but is instead tucked away in the Hotel Theodore), which likely explains some of the empty tables.  Nonetheless, once I had the amazing food in front of me, I didn't care very much about who else was in the restaurant.  in fact, my wife and I ended up enjoying the calm ambiance on that particular Friday night.  However, those looking for a "night on the town" might wish to wait a few months before planning a weekend dinner at Cielo, until word about how good the food is finally gets around.My only complaint is that the Hotel Theodore is part of the Mondrian hotel group.  I had an upsetting experiance at the Mondrian in South Beach (Miami) and had sworn to never patronize any hotel in the Mondrian family again.  But I did not know of the relationship when I dined at Cielo and I'm grateful for my ignorance.  i will continue to studiuosly avoid anything associated with the Mondrian group -- except Cielo.  5 stars.
4	This is the restaurant inside of a boutique hotel in downtown scottsdale.  The place was kinda empty, but the food was really good, everything we ordered was very tasty (pork, gamelli, one other pasta dish that started with a T :) and the pizza).  What was also really nice is that it has a collapsable wall that opens out to the patio which looks over the civic center park area.  We sat indoors but right next to the opened wall and it was really nice.
1	Out of business as of June 3, 2011!  When I called to make a reservation to use my Groupon, which does not expire until June 21, I was told that the restaurant was shut down for renovation for the rest of the summer, and that the Groupon would not be honored when they reopen.  These people are thieves.
4	Extremely good food and service... but the portions could be better for the price paid.
