4	Some of the fresher donuts I have gotten from Dunkin' Donuts.  Usually when going through the drive-thru at a Dunkin' Donuts, I get the donuts that are older and sometimes stale.  I was very happy to find that this was not the case here.  I hope that this is not a fluke based on the newness of the location.  Only time will tell.
1	I am finding that Dunkin' Donuts is having a quality control issue at many stores. When cooked correctly love there donut holes. The cake donut holes should be crispy on the outside and soft inside. This store as many in Pittsburgh have the opinion that they should be "soft" throughout... if I wanted soft donut holes would buy the hostess or entenmann's at the grocery or quickie mart... this DD is of the same quality and texture - blah... the DD's in Youngstown know how to make this product correctly and I purchase there regularly... get it right DD if you want this customer
2	Ehh.  All Dunkin Donuts are not created equally. This location consistently does not mix their lattes. All the syrup sits on the bottom while the espresso floats helplessle on top and its pretty hard to mix it up myself once its in that plastic cup - I've tried, very unsuccessfully. The bagel twists are hard as rocks and they don't offer veggie meats like the forbes avenue location.The only plus is the drive through.
2	Poor Dunkin Donuts. Good location on the way to Waterfront. Bad selection often, and last time I went they had NO donuts at all -- and no munchkins -- just some muffins and coffee. When they do have food, its just average, which is fine, I don't expect miracles from Dunkin Donuts, but you need to have DONUTS!
3	I'm not all that big on donuts.  But oh that Dunkin' Coffee!  It's the perfect elixir after dealing with the madness of the Waterfront.
3	This place is hard for me to talk about because I go there so much, there are a few employees I'm really fond of.  However, the newer employees are kind of clueless.  The place is clean, the drive-thru is quick and everything is usually good with my order.  I mean, Starbucks is down the street but I usually go to Dunkin'.  That kind of speaks for itself.
1	I go to this Dunkin' Donuts a lot, but after my last experience, I will NEVER go back. First, I waited in line at the drive-thru for about 35 minutes. I got boxed in and couldn't get out of the line to try and park and get into the store to get my order (thinking it might be quicker). Then when I FINALLY got to the window, the woman working there tried to give me a wrong order. When I corrected her and stated that was not what I ordered, she gave a huge sigh, rolled her eyes and promptly walked away from the window, not even telling me what she was planning on doing. After another 5 minute wait at the window, she came back with the correct order, did not say a word to me, did not offer an apology, swiped my card without telling me the amount and sent me on my way. And when I started to leave, I noticed there was a line outside the door as well! People need to realize they are in a SERVICE industry......from that day on, I have not gone and will continue to make my own iced coffee from home.
2	They worse dunking donuts ever!!!!!First they don't know how to make coffee!!!They have so many employees and it's look like they don't want to give service.The place very messy and dirty.
5	For many years the was no Dunkin Donuts in the area. I'm so glad they're back. I love the lunch deals. They have tuna or chicken salad on a croissant with hash browns and a drink. I love to get the sweet iced tea. They can make it as sweet as u want it. I haven't had one in a while but the big and toasty breakfast sandwich is another one of my favorites. The service is always great and very quick.
1	Oh dear me. It's been a while since I did a one star review, but here it is. I had looked up the vegan options at Dunkin' - actually they have quite a few. What I hadn't also known is that they also serve Morningstar, since it's in a Jewish neighborhood, but I didn't risk that. Instead I ordered a blueberry bagel with only jam - dead easy and totally understand by the girl taking the order and clear on the receipt.When the order came, the guy called out it came with butter, so I immediately checked what he said and got a nasty look. Upon polite insistence, he raised his voice  - and that's something you never ever do to a customer - "everything is vegetarian". Now, I don't expect everyone to understand the difference, but the attitude is totally not cool. There was a girl behind the counter who had a grumpy look too. Eventually the manager intervened - no apology - and it was made again. Finally, gf did have a go at eating the "wrong" order, but it had far far too much butter on in. OK, so I don't expect too much from a minimum wage chain restaurant for a $1.09 bagel, but this is no way to treat a customer. As for the bagel - it was OK, but I've definitely had better.
