2	The pluses:  Meal was hot (had to wait for it to cook but the wait is worth it when it comes to eating food that's freshly cooked compared to food that's sitting under warming lamps).  Fries were surprisingly good as they had a nice outer coating and crunch to it.The minuses:  Chicken pieces were quite small and the coating was average tasting at best.  Sadly, I came here to indulge in fried chicken so my experience was a disappointment.Overall, a failing grade.  If you want to charge a premium price you have to make sure your product is likewise otherwise repeat visits are not warranted.Ordered a three piece fried chicken and fries combo.  A canned drink is included.The search for good fried chicken in Montreal continues.
1	Howdy!Normally Poulet Bronze is my go to place for late night fried chicken. $2.25/piece for a very spicy and crispy coating is nothing to sneeze at, especially when it is delivered to your door after 11 pm.However, last night they screwed up right royally and I am questioning my need for fried chicken in a city that knows how to do steak tartare, foie gras croissants better than anyplace else this (or that) side of the Mississippi...In short, half the order was forgotten. No one said "sorry." When I asked to speak to the manager, I was told he wasn't in. When I asked that the manager call me, I was told he would, but he didn't. And then on top of it the delivery guy/driver yelled at me when he returned (an hour later) with the forgotten half, because he had not been trained properly to check that he was taking everything on that was written on the bill.They opened a second location in ville Saint Laurent, and the more I think about it, the more convinced I become that like East Side Mario's, Madison's Barr + Grill, and other wannabe American restaurants they belong there and not downtown in Montreal.Perhaps, if I am racked up in a hospital and unable to do anything other than blink my eyes in order to communicate, I might reconsider ordering from them, but only because Poulet Bronze is 12 letters long and Dinette Triple Crown is 18 letters long. But ultimately I think it comes down to a question of respect. And nothing shows how much a restaurant respects a client as when the delivery guy yells at you in the hall and the manager can't even be bothered to say "I'm sorry."And finally, as I alluded to earlier, there is so much good food that is native to Montreal, I'm not quite convinced anymore for the need to deal with what could only be considered average food imported from elsewhere.
5	I came here based on a recommendation from a friend and I couldn't be happier.Hands down the BEST fried checkin in town!!Their spicy chicken is simply amazing! Top that with a very tasty garlic dip and crispy and just right French fries.There service is also amazing, when the guy knew it was my first time, he kindly offered me a piece of spicy checkin just to try it and see if I like it for FREE!!!! Very highly recommended Best part is they also deliver!Also if u care, their meat is halal.I wanted to take photos but it was so good I couldn't stop!
5	The BEST nuggets EVER! Made of chicken breast and not that masked meat like other fast food restaurants serve .. And their fries are on a different level .. And the garlic dip sauce just ties things perfectly together
3	I had to change my 5 stars because after coming to this place several times I have to say the quality is not consistent. And the last time the chicken was horrible, it wasn't fresh at all and it smelled bad I couldn't take another bite! That was my last time eating there and I still didn't build up the courage to give it another shot. Very sad.
