5	I had an old folk art oil painting I dearly loved. Drug it all over the US when I moved, then moved one mile and poked a huge hole in it. I was heartbroken. Arizona Art Restoration to the rescue!For a mere $60 she made it look fantastic! Fixed the hole, cleaned it up a bit and fixed another area where someone had tried to clean it and pulled off paint.She is awesome!
5	Very fair price, wonderful to talk to, incredibly knowledgeable, and painstakingly meticulous work. Truly impressive art restoration.I'll spare you my search details, but I found Tiina after visiting pretty much every art restorer in the valley for a favorite 1880's painting of mine. Tiina easily stood out; she was personable, professional, had numerous other antique works in her studio, easygoing and straightforward.I was on a budget, and am VERY picky... she did a wonderful job, went out of her way to ensure it was exactly what I wanted. Plus, she charged me a very fair price (I actually went in expecting more).Since then, Tiina has done, oh, at least 15 painting restorations for me, late 1700's to ~1940s? I have lost count. Every new addition goes to Tiina's house as soon as it arrives, just for a look. Sometimes she says "oh, it will be fine" and other times, she recommends restoration.The end result - I am ALWAYS beyond satisfied. Tiina has inpainted small issues, impainted major losses, cleaned, relined, patched, pressed, addressed water damage, stabilized, and (our personal favorite) re-repaired all sorts of prior restorations - always fun, because you never know what they have actually done or what is under it!I would definitely call Tiina a talented artist in her own right... impressively so, in fact. One thing I love - whether my painting is a tattered $20 garage sale find or a $3000 steal from Christie's, she pays equally high attention to it. In fact, in my opinion, some of her most impresive work was bringing that poor $20 painting back to life.Overall, Tiina is an incredible restorer, charges fairly, and is just a wonderful person.
5	When my mother died, I inherited an oil painting which had been displayed in her living room for years. Since it had a great deal of sentimental value to me, I was not happy when it was almost destroyed by UPS  during shipping to my home. Despite the large hole ripped in the canvas, Tina was able to restore it beautifully. It is now impossible to see where the defect had been. Thanks so much for your amazing  talent and skill! My mother would be so pleased. Jane .
