4	I have a customer who lives near this Starbucks and one day we got to talking about this location.  I told him I was here all the time.  He says I'm here all the time, too.... Why don't I ever see you here?  And the answer, I'm afraid says that I probably need to go to the gym more often.  You see, this is where I get my "Drive Through" Starbucks experience.  Maybe it's because I'm too lazy to get out of the car, maybe it's because I'm in a hurry, or maybe it's a little of both.However, this is certainly not because this place lacks the ambiance of other Starbucks locations in the area.  This Starbucks compares well to other locations in Kitchener-Waterloo in terms of providing a tasty beverages, friendly service and a cozy environment, when I have taken time time to go inside.It's just that 'd just rather not get out of my vehicle to enjoy my Salted Caramel Hot Chocolate in the dead of winter.  And that's the truth.
5	Fast, happy baristas. My drinks are always right! My personal, local spot.
4	I never thought I'd review Starbcuks considering how many locations they have but I suppose each location offers something unique. Having moved home after graduating university this has become my go to location based on geographic distance. I suppose I'll get right to the features that distinguish each starbucks.- Staff: The staff are consistantly great, not quite the struggling hipster student I'm used to but good in a suburban kinda way.- Environment: Each Starbucks seems to embrace a slightly different lay out. I enjoy the large bar table in the centre of the place as a comfortable place to sit down and get some work done over a great coffee. There is also a very large patio out front which needs to be taken advantage of during the summer months.- Distinguishing Features: Well this is the only drive-through Starbucks I've ever encountered so I guess that's cool but I also blame that for the often less than busy interior. It depends on the atmoshpere you enjoy but I prefer a noisy coffee shop with baristas who aren't tied to their drive through head sets but hey that's just me.
