4	loved this place so much I had to see if there is one closer to home (there isn't in Mpls, but in Chicago....)went there based on the previous review; we didn't realize that there's so much more than the initial salad bar -- we filled our plate there and then realized all the stuff behind the line.  All the food was good (we love salads, too) and had our fill and then some.  five soups and chili, baked potatoes (and sweet potatoes) -- great selection.  Although it is all you can eat, I wouldn't compare it to Old Country Buffet, maybe another place that has soup and salad -- maybe "on a diet plan" is right.  This is more of a 'lunch' place whereas OCB is a 'dinner' place (or 'supper' if you prefer).great meal for eight bucks, relaxed atmosphere (be sure to put the marker on your table to indicate you'll be back, or they'll take your plate and tray away :-)Recommended.
1	Oh shit!  Literally.  I was at this location on Sunday night (2/25/07) and it was horrible.  The first thing we noticed was that there weren't any dishes.  It was like nothing new was being washed and brought out for customers to use.  Then the place started to smell bad... and then we noticed the waste water bubbling up from the floor drains behind the salad bar.  It was like something out of a horror movie.  We left in a hurry... a drainage grate in the parking lot was flowing with more raw sewage.  It was amazingly gross.  Any good experiences I've ever had in this place are moot... I'm never going back to this location again.
3	So, yea. Kelly's review has me more than a little concerned.  Thinking we won't go back for awhile. Most likely quite awhile.  I'd rather be sure they have that crap taken care of.  Literally.But here's why we'll still end up going back.  It's all about 3 things.  It's conveniently located.  It makes you feel like you're eating healthy (Note - doesn't really encourage healthy eating, more just a healthy attitude.  Keeps the brownies, chocolate pudding, pizza and mayo based salads in large supply) And then finally - Coupons.  They have coupons ALL the time.  ALL the time.  Special note - if you aren't that hungry - don't go here.  Go somewhere else where you can split your meal or take 1/2 home.  Here that 1/2 a plate of salad greens is going to cost you just as much as the guy on his 4th plate.
3	While I generally avoid any place with a sneeze gaurd, Rickie and I had a hankering for salad bar. And while we were smart and got our See's Candies first in case the salad bar experience didn't pan out, we were ready for 93 toppings to pick from. Upon entering I was impressed by the cleanliness of Sweet Tomatoes. Every station was stocked and ready for the pilling. I'm NOT here for a healthy salad. I want the egg, bacon, cheese extravaganza. I want ranch AND blue cheese. I want a difibulator!!!! All fresh. All pretty darn yummy. We had a Canadian Cheese Ham soup. Yowza! Good, gooey, salty...really, it was more like a dip. But we polished off that cup. They have pastas, desserts, focaccia, food, food, food. All in all my low expectations were exceeded by a good foodie experience!
4	It really isn't bad for what it is. I'm currently mowing down on one of the most bizarre and wonderful salads EVER (okay, there's mac and cheese and some orange slices in here too), and with a drink, it cost just under $8. Word to the wise: My roommate taught me the clever trick of getting a to-go container. Cram as much shit in there as possible and try to shut the lid. Theory is this: You probably couldn't eat it all in one sitting, but you can refrigerate it, so you could squeeze 2 meals out of it. Eating there promises a fat belly, but no to-go.
3	I'm with Norma on the to-go option at Sweet Tomatoes.  I stopped by after Yelp Office Hours today and picked up a salad to go.  (I had planned on eating at Pane Bianco but they are closed on Monday - bummer!)  Actually, for $8.22, it was a great deal!  I left with a huge salad, a side of steamed veggies, a cup of soup, a sweet potato, and an apple.  Now that is getting a bang for your buck!I've also eaten at other locations in the past and left feeling way too full because when you eat there, you have to take advantage of everything including the fro yo, bakery items, and more... I was impressed that the entire salad bar was kept clean and had many options to choose from.  I noticed for an additional fee, you can also get a side of grilled chicken now.  I didn't need that though with so many other options.  I will not be a regular at Sweet Tomatoes, anytime soon, but for the right occasion, especially when picking up 'to-go' lunch, it works.  Good thing I didn't read the other reviews on this location before I went, or I probably would've spent double the $$ at AJ's around the corner!
5	All I can say is YUM!  This is my new favorite place.  Not only can you build your own salad, but the premade ones they prepare are excellent too!  The broccoli salad is a must try, and the won ton chicken happiness salad.  I've already been 3 times since I first went a week and a half ago and still haven't made it to the soups, but the selection is great and they all look amazing!  I will try next time and report back.  Also, the lemonade mixed with the strawberry lemonade is soooo good!  I could go on forever... eat at Sweet Tomatoes!!!
4	i am a sucker for this place. its not that is soooo fantastic, its that to me when i go to phoenix/scottsdale (to visit my snowmama)  i feel like im kinda in that albert brooks/meryl streep movie that i love where they die and are in some pre-heaven place where they can eat shit all day and never get fat so the portions are huge and obscene. i dont know why retired people get more food than the rest of us,  but the sad reality is that we do get fat when we eat huge amounts of shit. and while you can still get fat eating at this place (watch out for the choc chip cookies and the entire hot food section), you can be good, and pick the healthy good stuff and go back and feel good about yourself. its hard cause even though that pizza aint that good, after broccoli it aint bad. and again, those choc chip cookies are all over you- i dont really get why they cant leave them at the buffet but have to have some waiter come offer them to you ever 5 seconds. if you have some will power, its pretty good.
5	5 stars for making gluttony feel so damn goodApparently the holiday dinner was not enough food for me because I woke up the next morning and felt the need to over-eat again. Naturally, I went to soup-plantation. When I got there, I saw that they had misspelled soup plantation, and was a bit distressed. Upon entry though, I saw that everything was as it should be. Where else can I get awesome buffet style food at prices that any good ol' pre-diabetic overeating and underpaid american can appreciate? Ceaser salad? yummy.Pasta? SplendidPizza? Fucktastically addictingStomach? DistendedMe? Happy as a cow (pun intended)Another perfect meal at the soup plantation AKA sweet tomatoes.
3	I recently discovered this place, after moving to Phoenix from Los Angeles, where it's called "Soup Plantation," & I was a regular at their Porter Ranch location.  The food is all very fresh, & somewhat vegetarian/healthy leaning.  Salad & five or so soup choices are the main events, & they don't serve stand-alone meat dishes, but you can scoop big pieces of chicken out of the chicken noodle soup if you want to.  There is great freshly baked bread, with real butter available, plus baked potatoes, pasta dishes, desserts, & so on.  Some tastes are a little odd (unfamiliar spices, low fat cottage cheese, etc.), but there's enough to like here,&  the atmosphere is 5-stars for a buffet.  The menu changes a little weekly, & monthly, & you can be notified by email about upcoming themes, "Cajun Month", or whatever, if you like.Weekday lunch is $8.29, Senior $7.46, & only a little more on weekends.
4	I was satisfied with my meal here. We have a strong lacking of buffets in San Francisco, where I'm from, so I was appreciative of what this restaurant had to offer. Unlimited soup, baked potatoes, and soft-serve ice cream? Oh yeah, and salad right?
5	Sweet Tomatoes is the haven of all buffets. It's large and clean with helpful staff and excellent food. (Or so I've found at this location)I may go there now...
4	Wow - I have to admit I was impressed!  When a coworker suggested a bunch of us go here for lunch, I was a little weary.  A buffet?  Ewwww....But no!  It was delicious!  The salad bar was fresh, staff were actively replenishing everything, it was clean, and there were a lot of great choices.  I greatly appreciated the vegetarian and low fat/healthy labeling and options.  I can't believe I'm going to admit this, but I'll definitely be back!!
3	This is so not in my ballpark. My family used to torture me and take me to Souper Salad when it was at the Pavillions.I was dragged here by some folks when attending a seminar nearby. For what it is, it wasn't bad. Veggies & salads seemed to be quite fresh. Pretty tasty.  They had a huge selection of soups which is always good. I think there about 8 options and I hit on 2 of them. Thank goodness they had the baked potato bar. Pretty hard to mess that up. Pizzas (which I find to usually be terrible at these places) wasn't bad. Kind of a meager selection at the pasta bar. I always dig the frozen yogurt bar. Butterscotch ftw.Walking in & out though, the sight of St. Francis and the proximity to Postino were killing me.While I will never go to one of these places on my own volition, I can handle Sweet Tomatoes and am confident that I'll be able to rustle up something acceptable.
5	I don't even know why I am addicted to this place but I am. I unequivocably love Sweet Tomatoes. This buffet is great for fresh food and the ability to dine healthy if you want. I also love that our 2 year old can eat healthy for free. For salads, you can choose from pre-made salads or create your own. There is also a food theme depending on the time of the month which determines the specialty salads, soups, pasta, etc. There are usually 4-5 types of soups, baked potato, sweet potatoes, 2 types of pasta, muffins, breads, baked desserts, fruits, and ice cream. My favorites are the homemade chicken noodle soup, their foccacia style sliced bread (so wonderfully garlicky) and their freaking lava cake. Their lava cake is always the end of me even when I try to eat reasonably. What is also great for you sweet-tooth people, are the servers bringing around freshly baked chocolate chip cookies. Ah, sweet heaven...or should I say, sweet tomatoes...
3	I LOVE this place for their salad choices. The cons are that it is quite over-priced in my opinion and their soup choices are usually very bad. Souper Salad has much better soup choices but Sweet Tomatoes has a much better salad bar. If I have a coupon I will head here for lunch otherwise I steer clear because it ends up costing close to $12 for a buffet and drink, multiply that times 5 lunches a week...
3	Came here after a baseball game cause I don't think I'd ever been more hungry in my lifetime. Huge expanse of food with a wide range of choices. Had a little bit of everything, but the highlight for me were the soups. Chowder and Chicken Noodle were great, almost licked out the bottom of the bowl. Only complaint I have is was a little spendy for salads and such, but food justified the price. (almost)
4	Okay when it come to salad bars Sweet Tomatoes by far tops the competition such as Soup or Salad or your run of the mill salad bar. I usually go here with a buddy or two for lunch about once a week what's really nice is if you sign up for their news letter, they send out coupons usually twice a month so someone is always eating in our group for free or 50% off. And what is really nice is they have different specials every month at this place so you are always able to try new things. The vegetables seem fresher here,  and maybe they use more organic veggies because they seem to have more taste too then at other salad bars, and they definitely have more of a selection then most places, so if your not a green freak about veggies and stuff they have a good mix of soups, baked potatoes, pizza and other such dishes to choose from.The staff is really good here and this place is very clean and everyone does a great job in making sure you are getting everything you need. The only reason this place does not get 5 stars is the fact that I feel it is a bit pricey for a salad bar.
3	Good prices here, but better if you have a discount coupon. I kind of wish they give you additional access to the salad bar portion after you have been through the line and paid, because I kept wanting to go back for the fresh veggies and only ate a little soup and pasta.
4	Sweet Tomatoes ROCKS!I don't mind forking out a few more dollars at Sweet Tomatoes because it is higher quality & a better selection, and everything just seems fresher than at Souper Salad.
3	My hubby & I used to be obsessed with Sweet Tomatoes. We would go like once a week, no joke. After a couple years we got so burnt out on it & didn't go for a while. I have been to this location several times for lunch with mainly my mom, but today I went with my husband. Parking can sometimes be a bitch, especially around noon. I don't know why but every time I am at the salad bar I smell B.O. even if there's no one by me! Maybe it's me, ha, but I think it's the building. Any who, we love the caeser salad & I really like the tuna tarragon pasta salad. Their soups are pretty good but I am not a huge fan, hubby loves their chili. The steamed veggies are just ok but I always get them, the mac & cheese is kind of blah but I will get a lil bit sometimes. The focaccia breads are good & I love the blueberry muffins. The chocolate brownie muffins aren't good alone, but top one with vanilla fro yo & it's delish. Their cobblers are so good though, wish they had them out during lunch too since we haven't been for dinner in a long time!Sign up for their "Club Veg" to receive coupons. I never go here without one & it makes it a pretty good deal when they have their buy 1 get 1 free coupons.
5	This is by far my favorite buffet. It is always fresh,delicious, and You can choose anything you want and eat as much of it as you like. They always have fantastic coupons that you can have emailed to you on line or find in the paper. The price is right. The food is always just made. They are very friendly and they even have Sunday breakfast now.  It is great for the whole family everyone will find something they like. The best thing is it is Super healthy. Love it always.
4	Being on a No Meat Diet makes you think outside the box sometimes when your accustomed to being an omnivore.....so, when we were looking around for a place to grab some lunch a friend suggested we stop by Sweet Tomatoes.  It has been over 10 yrs since I've been to one, so I thought why not.We arrived just before the lunch rush at 11:30 am.  There was a short line, but nothing crazy.  I piled a bunch of Salad and Pasta Salad on my plate and then made the rounds over to the Bread section.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/NZAxQxXH0YkSzPOKd_Nv-w?select=jRysLhaB-0yg5Wa2EYYQswhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/NZAxQxXH0YkSzPOKd_Nv-w?select=L3xqRAzbnoT7e2khkOUW6wThe food was very good, tasty and satisfying.  I went back to grab a small bowl of Mac n Cheese too, which was ok.I had a coupon for 2 for $9.99, so it was a great deal.  Overall, the meal was perfect and I left full.Return Factor - 90%
3	Family favorite.  Could have a few more salad options on the salad bar.  My very favorite is the broccoli salad. They have some delicious chocolate chip cookies too. Not a big fan of the cheese they use in the foccocia bread. Overall a decent place for lunch or dinner.
3	= = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET!  = = = =I come here from time to time, but wow, I see that it's been almost 2 1/2 years since I gave it a review!  Things haven't changed much at all during that time.  Today they did have a new-to-me salad dressing, Smoky Ranch, which was good.A plus (for some of us, anyway) is that this place is nice & NORMAL looking inside!  Some Sweet Tomatoes around the valley look like big metal farm buildings, inside & out!  The long salad bar at any Sweet Tomatoes is always good, with 2 or 3 pre-tossed salads up front, & then lots of ingredients along the line to make your own.  This location (only) has an odd setup for the soup.  They have about 3 or 4 out for you to help yourself to, & then up to 5 more across the kitchen that you can ask for them to serve you up some of.  I'd rather have them just have what they have, & put it all where we can reach it.  One reason for this is that Sweet Tomatoes is very short on MEAT, & at least if the Chicken Noodle Soup is out, you can dig big pieces of breast meat out of there & do what you wish with it, such as make a sandwich.  Today, this soup was one of them that was out of reach.Daily Lunch & Dinner Buffet:  $8.99/$8.09 Sr. (Rev. 11/26/13)
5	It doesn't always have to be fancy schmancy to satisfy my hunger.  I much prefer Sweet Tomatoes to other salad bar joints because their ingredients are fast superior. They have several types of greens and the toppings can include fresh beets, butternut squash, garbanzo beans, and more! They always have multiple soups with at least one vegetarian option and different pastas, pizzas and muffins.  I also like their themes (strawberry, lemon, orange, etc.)...keeps things interesting. They have sodas, flavored teas, juices, milk and water and a soft serve machine with various toppings for dessert. Bring your student i.d. for a little discount, too!
5	The thing i like about this place is the selection and it is all very fresh!    The coupons really help as well. It is always very clean here,the kitchen and dining area.   So no problem there. Soup is fantastic and if you can't find what you like ,then you are very picky.     Something new that they have started is charging for special toppings.     Which can really up your bill.  But, other than that, you cannot beat the choices.  Bathrooms are somewhat clean. I am sure it is hard to deep up with it all the time. Lots of parking in the lot.
2	Meh.That really sucked comparatively.  What happened to this place?When I came here a few years ago before my wife and I were married, I thought this place tasted great--similar to Fresh Choice in California.  When my wife and I landed in the Phoenix area last July, we came here for dinner and I was struck by more of a sense of mediocrity than before.  After coming here a week ago, we found that it has gotten worse.  We all really had a hard time finding something here we liked.  The salad was mediocre, the panini was a doughball, and the mac and cheese might as well have been syrup of ipecac as far I'm concerned.Only the senate bean soup was good out of all of the things I tried.  The woman clearing the tables was nice, and we at least left her a tip.This used to be my daughter's favorite restaurant.  Now, she doesn't even want to come here again.  That says a lot to me.
3	I remember when Sweet Tomatoes was the big new lunch place, and now I feel old. I feel even older when I realize that I used to come here thinking I would eat a huge salad and then I'd eat a plate of blueberry muffins. And corn muffins. And all the other muffins. I've had a few of their soups that I've enjoyed, mostly the veggie options. The last time I was here for lunch the salad mix itself tasted bitter to me, I'm not sure if it was just the combination of things or what, but I was glad I'd put a few muffins on the side of my plate.
4	I'm partial to the Sweet Tomatoes / Souplantation franchise having been an employee for Garden Fresh throughout high school. However, I have remained a loyal patron over the years because unlike other buffets, the options are always fresh and plentiful.I understand why Sweet Tomatoes gets some negative reviews. Its prepared salads and pastas are generally just OK. But, what I personally love about this place is that you get the chance to be creative with what you eat.If you're like me and you enjoy piling your plate with dozens of types of fresh veggies to make that perfect-tasting salad, you'll love this place. Doctor up the rosemary potato soup with some jalapenos or red peppers and you have a complete meal.Its all about the salad bar -- you wont find a better one anywhere in Phoenix, at least I haven't. Whole Foods is about the only one that compares even in the slightest, in my opinion.Not all the prepared dishes are mediocre... in fact, a few have me rushing for Sweet Tomatoes whenever I hear they'll be served. Try the tuna tarragon, lemon cream pasta with capers and the vegetarian black bean chili. Mmm Mmm Mmm...
5	I'm not sure where the negative reviews come from.  We've been coming here for years (probably 50-60 total meals) and I can only think of one or two experiences that were just mediocre and none that were bad.This place amazes me, because it's one of the few buffet places where the food is actually consistently good and fresh.  Many of their dishes are always served, but they also do rotational dishes based around specific themes for limited times.  That keeps the menu from getting stale. The salad bar is long enough for the 100 yard dash and the veggies and all the accompanying toppings are countless and plentiful in quantity.The salad bar is just the starter.  They also have a hot food stations that serve rotating dishes of various pasta, sweet and baked potatoes, pizza, multiple breads and muffins, desserts, drinks, and a 6-7 choice soup bar that's outstanding!  Their soups are very good and made in-house.What I like best is the value.  You can find coupons for different deals, but we use the Family Meal Deal that feeds 2 adults and 2 kids for a flat $19.99 + drinks.  You can't find a better selection of healthy choices anywhere for less.If you go to Sweet Tomatoes expecting a Michelin star dining experience, you will be disappointed.  If you expect lots of good, fresh dining options at a great price, you will be pleased with your choice to eat here.TIP: If you plan on visiting regularly, try to get the kids drink cups.  They offer free refills on future visits.
3	Sweet Tomatoes is pretty bomb, I'm not gonna lie. And you can find some great coupons online or in the paper. There really isn't anything spectacular about Sweet Tomato. You'll find your average old people, families, etc. It's all very average. But still, very good when you're craving a huge salad and a bunch of salad-y stuff.
4	I just had lunch and was excellent,soup salad and ice cream was really tasty,,
4	Always great
4	Always tasty, service is always excellent
4	This is great place to have a healthy meal for a decent price. Salad fixins are all super fresh, and there are so many to choose from. The soups that I tried, the chicken noodle and creamy tomato, were as good as any homemade soup I've had. This really is more like 3.5 stars for me, but I give it the bump for the soft-serve ice cream machine -- not to mention the warm snicker-doodle cookies they brought to our table.
1	I have noticed the trend in all the location but today was the worst.  Coffee was cold and the cream was warm.  The lettuce had a faint smell of bleach or ?  There was almost no breads out but a few drier ones.  I took one and it was cold and soggy.  No one cleared my table or even spoke to me though there were people doing that at other tables.  The frozen desert, chocolate, had no taste at all.  It was cold, creamy and without any flavoring.  The lady at the registered dropped 2 large stacks of glasses (all glasses are plastic or paper).  She and others picked them up from the floor and stacked them back up.  I watched as they gave them to the new customers.  What do you think would be on a floor? There is always lots of food but they obviously care nothing about food temperatures or bacteria on their dishes. I will not be returning.
3	I really like Sweet Tomatoes. The salad bar is extensive, with a good variety of vegetables and some premade salads that are tasty. The soups are pretty good, the breads are nice, and the other sides, like mac and cheese, are fine. I do like their soft serve ice cream and warm desserts a lot. I eat more dessert than I should!The food isn't the best I've ever had, but it's a good concept, the price is fair, and it's easy to find coupons so the cost is more reasonable. Sweet Tomatoes is a good way to eat a little more healthy if you're dining out.Don't go in expecting the meal of your life; go in because the food is lighter and healthier and pretty reasonably priced.
5	All you can eat greens.  Get your rabbit on here!To put my review in context, I love Sweet Tomatoes.  So it wouldn't bother me if one food container is spilling or if the cabbage isn't the freshest.   I just wouldn't eat cabbage that day.  There are so many options (and 2 sides to the salad bar!).  Super delicious, healthy lunch for around $10.
5	I love Sweet Tomatoes!  I always get great service from this location especially.  All of the workers are so nice and always have a smile on their faces.  I really appreciate that.  Plus, it's clean and the food tastes great!
5	Everything is super fresh whenever we go. Easy to fill a plate with healthy, delicious salad, but hard not to overheat! Their chili is also very tasty. We always try to eat there when we are in Phoenix.
3	I've been wanting to try Sweet Tomatoes for a long time. I didn't know what to expect. A co-worker raves about it yet a good friend refers to it as "her dirty little secret."Here is my take on Sweet T's:I don't eat meat which one would venture to guess that I would have a field day here, not so much. While the salad bar is extensive, the soup bar fell short. There are no vegetarian/vegan soups. They did have a black bean soup and when I asked if they used chicken/beef/veggie broth no one could tell me so I just avoided it. So you feel like you get your money's worth there are lots of bread, baked potatoes, mac & cheese, pasta dishes desserts, etc. to fill you up. The best part of my meal was a brownie and a chocolate chip cookie. Will I return to Sweet T's? Magic 8 ball says probably, the people watching is unbeatable.
3	Great for Salads only soup meh dessert meh fresh vegetables ,variety of greens perfect
3	3.5 StarsWhen I am building the perfect salad bar buffet in my mind, Sweet Tomatoes comes pretty close.  I understand that this is a chain and can not expect them to cater to my likes 100%.  As you walk in they have a few pre-made salads and in my made up place they would make your salad with the items you like and mix it along with your dressing selection in a bowl for you.  They have enough toppings to make your salad and a good variety of salad dressings.  They offer hot pasta items, muffins, bread, focaccia bread, soups, fruits and frozen yogurt.  I may have missed a few items but am painting a decent enough picture for the folks who never been to a Sweet Tomatoes.  I would like to see smaller batches of ingredients out on the salad bar with more frequent replenishment to ensure the freshest items are out all the time, again this is a item I would do in my made up salad bar.  The price is a bit high as well but usually are able to find coupons online to offset the cost a bit.
5	I've only been to one other Sweet Tomatoes and this one is above par to the usual one we go to.  I like their layout and tables, the food is delicious as usual and they  just seem to be run better.  If we are in the area, I'd definitely come here again.  YUM!
3	= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET!  = = = = =Got together today with Mike C. & Jackie C. to enjoy this Sweet Tomatoes.  Not much new to report here since my last Update over 2 1/2 years ago.  The dining room is still nice & normal looking.  (Some Sweet Tomatoes buildings & dining rooms are strange!)  The long Salad Bar was stocked with LOTS of goodies and there were numerous soups over in the hot serving area.  Today there were about six soups within reach and at this Sweet Tomatoes they have others out of reach but available on request.  One disappointment for me today was that there wasn't much meat except for the chunks of chicken breast in the Chicken Noodle Soup.  My last Sweet Tomatoes visit was to the Tempe location and they had Spaghetti & Meatballs & other meat offerings.All in all, this Sweet Tomatoes was 3 Stars again...  ok, but not as good as Tempe is now, in my opinion.     :-)Daily Lunch & Dinner Buffet:  $8.99/$8.09 Sr.
3	Fresh salad buffet, with soups, pasta, breads and desserts.The salads ingredients are always fresh and tasty with a lot of great varieties.  The soups can be hit or miss, however the chili is consistently good.  Freshly baked breads and focaccia complement your meal.  Round out your meal with soft serve ice cream, a variety of baked goods or sugar free desserts.Join "Club Veg" for updates and coupons via e-mail.
4	This loc8ion has made some nice improvements 2 their interior in the last year which make it a more pleasant dining experience (dimmer lighting & earthy toned walls). My light~sensitive eyes used 2 squint, straining against the harsh bright lighting ricocheting off the white walls which used 2 give me a bit of a headache & felt more like being in a hospital cafeteria setting. (Sunglasses indoors r'nt cool). Even b4 these upgrades, I still preferred this central loc8ion over the I-17 North Black Canyon Access Rd 1 in atmosphere & service.    I do enjoy the selections & most items I've tried have looked, smelled, & tasted of fresh ingredients & good 2 the palate. I don't eat much pasta or breads so I can't provide much input in that regard other than the gluten~free coconut muffins which I couldn't get enough of. My dinner companion mentioned their pasta didn't have much flavor, leaving over 1/2 of it 2 b taken away. I always luv their sweet potatoes w/ a li'l brown sugar/cinnamon.     Most Xs their soups r flavorful & deliciously appealing w/ a nice selection 2 choose from (potato/leek a personal fave) & usually their tapioca pudding is perfect w/ the right consistency. My companion really enjoys the foccacia bread(s) & the servers r always very nice & accomod8ing which is not always the case other loc8ions. I'd steer clear of the caramel topping as it tastes like some1 puts salt in it & isn't complimentary in passing 4 what it's supposed 2 b w/ bit of a funky after~taste, but overall this was an enjoyable place 2 go this wk~end (& whenever I'm in Central Phx).
4	Great place to fill your self with veggies and soups and so much more. Yummy! For me its a little pricey, so I always come prepared with a coupon on hand. They come once a month in your mailbox. Else sign up and get your coupons electronically and you are set. You basically save on cost of the beverage, but every dollar counts.
3	It's Sweet Tomatoes, so you know what you're getting: A nice mix of premade salads, build your own salads, along with soups, breads, pastas and some frozen yogurt.This particular location is a little weirdly laid out, and somehow seems like it has fewer options (although I know it doesn't). It's also the oldest Sweet Tomatoes I have seen in the Valley and might be a little worse for wear.Last but not least: I am not into the Elementary School cafeteria flavors as of late. Maybe I didn't notice before? I still LOVE the salad (can't really mess that up). But the pastas are bland, as is the "pizza bread".So here's some Level up Hacking advice for you - Use the salad bar to up the taste quotient of your food. Mac and Cheese? Head over to the potatoes and dump some of that tasty shredded cheddar in there (you'll thank me). I think if you come up with ways to jazz things up, it'll do just fine. So this spot is A-OK, if you want to stop in for something a little healthier for lunch/dinner. Meh C+
4	I am normally not one for buffets, but Sweet Tomatoes came highly recommended by some family members for a healthy place to go have some soup and salad quickly.  We stopped in one night and really liked it.  The homemade soup selection was plentiful and made it hard to decide which one to try.  The salad bar was huge, fresh and a really nice selection of veggies.  There were many options of pizza, pasta, breads and desserts too.  You certainly shouldn't leave this place hungry!
3	There has been a hefty Price Increase on the Dinner Prices! It went from $10.69 to $11.29!  Ususally when their prices go up, it's like .10 or .20 cents, but .60 cents! ....Whoa!  We always use the coupons that we get in the mail!  ...PLEASE bring back the red bell peppers!!!  :(
5	Everything is always fresh and yummy! I eat here monthly and I am never disappointed!!!! Great food! Great service!!!
3	I love salad bars. I am a huge salad fan, and I enjoy variety. Sweet Tomatoes always delivers on lots of fresh ingredients to pile atop my lettuce mountain, and a myriad of salad dressing from which to choose. In regards to the main event, everything I selected was tasty except the cauliflower--yuck. I don't think it was rotten, but it definitely tasted like it hadn't been rinsed. I also found it strange that there were no bacon bits or pieces. Bacon's not a requirement for my salads, but I still thought it was odd.The whole buffet was like going from one let down to a great find. The pasta selection was terrible, as was the quinoa, the pizza was unpalatable, but the cornbread, sweet potatoes, and strawberry lemonade were divine. And, the blue cheese dressing was out of this world.If I return, I may go later in the day, because it was moron central. My friend and I actually moved tables because the chucklehead behind us was trying to seem intelligent to her May-December date, spouting random statistics about crime in other countries that wasn't really applicable to anything she was saying loudly in her valley girl accent. Next, we were next to a guy obviously on his lunch break and trying to initiate a hookup with his coworker. Gross. But the guys who saved the day, crowd wise, were the two construction guys, stoned off their bums, laughing up a storm. Maybe we should have sat next to them.No Mensa members here, avoid the cauliflower and quinoa, but get seconds on the cornbread. Maybe bring some headphones and listen to a podcast. You won't regret it.
4	I recently discovered this place and im in love, I wish it was more affordable so I can have lunch here everday.  Such a huge variety there
4	So sad to hear that this location will be closing at the end of November. Have eaten here for years and it has been a great place to take my elderly parents. Anybody have any suggestions on a dependable weekday buffet restaurant in the central Phoenix area?
5	Closing at the end of November? WTF?Will there be a new CenPho location opening, i hope??
3	= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =Sadly, this nice Sweet Tomatoes has closed.     :-(
4	Very upset this place has closed. Please come back! One of the few places in town where you can get healthy take-out.
1	CLOSED for good.  Lost their lease, building to be torn down. Closed, closed, Closed, closed, clothes, clothes, clothes, clothes, clothes.!
3	Closed?  Someone tell the Sweet Tomatoes Marketing department.  I got the flyer in the mail today 12/31/14, and that location is still listed.  Sad....
