5	Attention parents or students who are going to Touro or other schools around the area: this is one of the best apartments in the area. I'll explain what I mean by best. The apartment is not new, but they have maintained it very well. The walls are two-toned which make them very attractive. The rent is very competitive and they offer many deals, especially for students. There are other apartments out there that are fairly new, but are very expensive and have crappy management. The lady that helped me and my son was very nice, informative, and just felt trustworthy. One of the best feature of this apartment are the leasing terms. Many apartments will charge you a very, very expensive rent if you don't sign a year long lease with them. At Villa Serena, I chose the 6 month lease and they still offered me all the discounts that come with a year long lease. I chose the 6 month lease because my son, hopefully, will find a roommate and find a 2 bedroom apartment which will be much, much cheaper since they would split the rent.
1	Worst apartments I have ever stayed in ...... Pipes were infested with spiders .... Bugs all over the place and the management didn't do a damn thing! I wouldnt recommend thesevapartments  to anyone!
2	I chose this place while I was a student because of the relatively cheap rent compared to the other complexes in the building. I. Stayed for three years, not because the the complex was so great, but because the cost and hassle of moving was greater than the cost and hassle if staying.The low rent is a hook. After I was there, it seemed like I didn't matter. Further, every time you go to discuss a new contract your rental price jumps up. I took a quote home to compare in my third year and when I brought it back the very next day, they said the 24 hour consideration period expired and added $10 per month. They knew they could because I foolishly revealed I would be in the midst of finals my move out date.I was there long enough to see staff transition as well. The original management staff was friendly and considerate. In 2012, there was a change over and the front office staff seemed more like salesmen than hosts. Similarly, the maintenance staff change. But this change was for the better. Somewhere in the first three months where I had a number of maintenance requests, I realized the staff was stealing from me. I was missing prescription medications, stamps, change I left out, and video games straight from the box. I talked to management and was told there was nothing they could do because there was no proof except empty medication bottles and empty video game cases. Later in my stay, the maintenance staff switched and I saw a notable improvement, but I was always present while they worked, which can be an inconvenience. Lastly, the apartment designs, floor plans, and views are nothing special. Some stairs feel wobbly getting to the second floor. If you live on the Gibson side, you better enjoy top 50 because the car sales lots play it non-stop over the loudspeaker even at night. So bottom line: as a student looking to save money, this place was acceptable. Now that I have an income and a nice place to live, I realize how bad my experience was.PS I will only mention things that happened to classmates like the guy who lives there and thinks he's a security guard but is really just some guy hassling her, a resident who watches porn on the business center computers, another classmate who had his door kicked in, and one girl who had repeat roach infestations. Those things are just being mentioned and not part of my personal rating.
2	This is the old page for this apartment complex. My review was moved to their new page.
