5	Starred city centre restaurant. Lovely food, but highlight is service. Although silver service, very friendly and not too formal. The somelier was very good, she was very knowledgeable and enthusiastic.
5	Just great food, as expected from a 1-star michelin restaurant. The second one I tasted in Edinburgh in only 2 days. Quite mad actually!What I really enjoyed was the old school type restaurant decor with a modern twist thanks to great modern paintings/pictures on the wall. It gave it a really funky touch despite the grandor of the place.The staff was really friendly and helpful. Not overwhelming but happy to have a little chat & laugh on the side.We had the tasting men, which was fantastic. 7 course I believe, which meant I couldn't finish the petit-fours in the end :D My favorite was the celeri panacotta with its garden vegetables. Delicious! The suggested wine was really nice too.Very pricey though.
4	Number One is the Balmoral Hotel's Michelin starred restaurant, which in itself gives you an indication that the food here is going to be far greater than your average hotel restaurant fare. Michelin Star handouts in Edinburgh are few and far between, so if you get the chance to have a culinary experience in any such starred establishment, I would free up a space in the diary.Number One sits quietly in its prime Princes Street position, not doing anything too outlandish or showy, but making a classy impression, which mixes tradition with style. The consistently tasty dishes are classic in execution, but with a modern twist, so you're not in danger of those unimpressed looks some dining companions give to modern, tiny food, which is sometimes almost unidentifiable because it's been so artistically tampered with. The ambience here is smooth and relaxed, and there's very little chance you'll be disappointed.
5	After realizing I was being too frugal on my UK holiday, I decided to spoil myself at this gem. It was quite intimidating, since I was eating alone at such a nice place, but the service staff was welcoming and attentive. Although the menu items were listed as five course meals, they allowed me to order and pay for a few individually. I was just looking for a cheese board and a nice glass of wine, but ended up trying the foie gras (why not? I thought. never tried it before...). It was pretty pricey, but I was paying with my monopoly money (foreign cash). I loved the bread, and the little tasty treats they served before and after the meal (the official name escapes me). Delicious.
5	THERE WAS A BREAD TROLLEY! OMG @@@@@ (and a WHISKY trolley OMG! and a cheese TROLLEY omg! and a mini HAGGIS petit four entree :)) No photos because it just didn't seem right but had a impromptu meal here and it was absolutely fantastic. Went for the tasting menu/degustation (it was seventy pounds without wine, six more than the three course option) and it was absolutely fantastic - the scallop and steak were both stand-out favourites around the table.Service, impeccable. One of my fellow diners is allergic to both caffeine and chocolate (yes, poor thing) and the staff at Number One happily worked around these allergies.DO IT!(also had an Iona Semillion Blanc from South Africa with our meal - price 37.50 and it was very nice)
5	On our first night in Edinburgh, we ate at the lovely Number One restaurant in The Balmoral hotel. The decor is a bit odd. There is a lot of artwork on the wall (and two that we were sitting next to that were half below our table), and they seemed quite eclectic in style. Some we really enjoyed, others seemed quite bizarre.That being said, we were seated at our table and given the menus to look at. We were on a package deal which included the tasting menu, so we had that of course with the wine pairings. The first fun thing was the bread trolley that they wheeled up to your table. There were three types of bread: a spelt baguette, cheese bread, and a rosemary bread. The breads were sliced for you at the table, and the bread slicer gave you the option of the end of the loaf (if that's your thing... it certainly is mine so I took him up on the offer). We were also served a few delicious bites at the beginning. To be honest, it was hard not to compare some of the courses to some we had at Andrew Fairlie a few days earlier, since both of the meals contained foie gras and scallops. The seared foie gras was amazing (better than the foie gras at Andrew Fairlie). It was decadent and having a bit of truffle with it was just the icing on the cake. The scallops course was also slightly tastier. It wasn't as refined, but the flavors were out of this world.For the rest of the courses, I wasn't overly excited about the cheese mouse that came between the foie gras and the scallops. Nothing wrong with it, but a tad boring (for me). The beef was cooked well, and it came with tongue and sweetbreads! I'm definitely an offal sort of guy, so this was very nice. The dessert was good. A bit chocolately and a good way to end things.We opted for the additional cheese course, and I'm glad we did. There was a huge selection of cheeses available, and while the cheese man was willing to give us a plate to share, we got our own (mostly because I love goat cheese, and well, the other half hates it). We were both quite happy with the selections we had with the cheese.The meal was really tasty. Maybe not quite as refined or interesting as some of the other places I've been, but everything was well cooked and enjoyable.
5	Edinburgh's most accomplished restaurant.  Food and wine pairings are excellent and the service sublime.  The dining room is beautifully appointed and extremely intimate.  For the most special of occasions in Edinburgh, this is definitely the place.
5	We stayed at the Balmoral hotel - which was okay, probably not worth the price.  Their reservations staff are not great - when we made the room reservation, we also booked the restaurant - with quite a few e-mails back and forth.  When we got there, they had made our reservation in their sort of dinky bistro restaurant, not the nice one.  So we tried to change it and were told that there were absolutely no tables available.  When we went down for dinner, my husband said "let's just look in on the nice restaurant and see if they have a table"  I am so glad we did as the place was about half empty ,AND STAYED THAT WAY, which is too bad if others missed out on a wonderful meal.The chef uses local, Scottish ingredients, so the menu changes.  Everything was deliciously prepared, elegantly served, and interesting without being odd or overwhelming.  We had a wonderful meal and found the service attentive and pleasant.  Like the hotel it is in, it is not cheap, but unlike the hotel, it is worth the price.
3	Ok, first the good stuff.  The service was impeccable.  The presentation of the food was perfect.  The ambiance was relaxing, comfortable,  and subdued.  Sorry, maybe i'm too down to basics, but the foods we ordered were so fancy and constructed that they were unidentifiable.  Even now we do not know what some of the items on our plates were. By the end of dessert we were hoping not to have any more "foams".  Too much chemistry here.  Elegant does not have to be exotic. A simple creme brulee for dessert would have been nice.
5	Number One is in our Top Three - we were impressed by everything. The decor is so fun! Very chic plus "old school" but also very comfortable. The food was beyond - perfection. We couldn't believe how complex and absolutely delicious every single thing was. (We did the tasting menu + wine pairing.) Lastly, and maybe most importantly these days...the service. Absolutely impeccable. Our wine was always perfectly timed with our food. The level of finessed collaboration was impressive. Everyone was extremely knowledgeable about what we were eating - not just a couple of people. We loved that there were only a few different types of bread to choose from (vs 8, for example!) We felt like Number One is just the way a very fine restaurant should be. Particularly a Michelin starred restaurant. It was divine. A wonderful, special treat that exceeded our expectations. Thank you for such a special and delicious evening.
5	My wife and I and our two children are visiting from San Francisco, and had a wonderful meal last night to celebrate our wedding anniversary.  Expensive, yes, but also exceptionally good food and service.  Manager Gary Quinn was terrific and ensured it was a night to remember.
5	A really lovely dinner for two from start to finish. We had the set tasting menu with wine pairings, all of which beautifully complemented each course they were served with. Waitstaff also shared a short bit of information on the background of each pairing beyond the usual types of flavors, acidity, etc... one could expect.When I ordered I asked if it was possible to replace one course with a John Dory (with langoustine and smoked bacon) I saw on the a la carte menu, because I hadn't had excellent John Dory in a while. Easily accommodated and as expected that course was outstanding as well. My personal favorite courses were foie gras (perfectly seared, silky and buttery), the aforementioned John Dory and beef, which was easily among the best I'd ever tasted in terms of quality and ideal level done-ness. If you enjoy cheese courses, Number One has top-notch cheese offerings, including many Scottish varieties. Try as many as you can! It was a lovely, memorable evening thanks to the excellent food and service and I hope to return soon.
4	Number One is just the kind of place we want when we're celebrating a special occasion: delightful Michelin-stared dining in an elegant but not overly-snooty atmosphere. We've had the tasting menu twice and both times it hit the mark. They are happy to tailor the menu to special dietary requirements, and the adapted dishes are no less glorious than the originals (at least in my experience with the vegetarian options). The only thing I don't like at Number One is the art on the walls, but it's easy enough to ignore that and instead focus on the art on the plates.
