4	This is my favorite Starbucks in Charlotte for a couple reasons:1. They often have samples and I LOVE samples!! 2. They are really nice and always friendly.3. Parking is so easy but they also have a drive thru window for you lazy butts.4. It is very close to the freeway and next to Sonics!
4	Big wood box. Looks nice from a far, but someone didn't think through the entire situation.  That lovely material quality appears to be fraying at the edges due to a lack of thought in the detailing and how it would stand up to the weather in Charlotte.  This is a design issue, though, and I digress. I like strong coffee and good service.  Check and check, I got strong coffee and good service!
4	Prime location right off the Interstate with an easy drive-through. A small seating area inside.The team working the counter during the morning rush was excellent. Organized, speedy, efficient and polite, I'd love to see more *$ crews like this. They were on top of the usual custom coffee orders and still managed to make chit-chat with the walk-in customers (especially the ladies... hmmm...) while taking money.Not the best location if you're looking to hang out with your laptop and suck up some free wifi, but a good place to meet a friend for a coffee or get one to go.
2	It tempted us with unconventional, sunny Mexican style architecture, but amount of time we had to spend inside to get regular coffee added up to about 20 min. And we were almost only ones there! Worst sbux ever.
4	Nice staff.  Always good service.  Great stop-over on the way into downtown.
5	Love this SB location. Easy to get to and it has never been busy anytime we have gone, so the service is very fast. My #1 location in the SW area.
5	I'm in love with this location. I would pass up about 4 SBs just to go to this one. I see the familiar faces every morning. When I would say hi on the intercom, they knew right away what I want, love the little chats while sitting at the window waiting on my latte. Definitely my favorite SB.
3	Convenient drive-through location that delivered a tasty beverage. No complaints.
3	My third time here twice with my wife and once with both my wife and youngest daughter and a friend. I love the lattes and frappes! My wife is a coffee lover and my daughter lover the lollipop cake and the pumpkin cake I had was awesome. There is  easy access able drive thru and every time I have come here staff was inviting and very nice. It close to where I live not that far a drive and right off the highway.
5	I always have great service here. Today the drive through was running a little slowly and - without any complaint from me - they gave me my drink free to say sorry. How could I not be pleased with this proactive gesture?
2	Steer clear of this Starbuck's weekday mornings - S.L.O.W. These folks have NOT mastered the art of multi-tasking...at all. Drive thru's are supposed to be convenient and quick - not here I'm afraid. Staff is super nice and friendly just not awake at 5:30-6:00 in the a.m. Perhaps they hadn't had their coffee yet?
5	Rolled through here this morning for a coffee on my way to work... I really wanted my venti extra hot peppermint mocha, so I crossed my fingers that the drive-thru would be super fast... IT WAS!  There were 5 cars in front of me, and I was through and on my way within FIVE minutes!  WELL done, great job, my order was perfect, and I'll be back!  Thanks guys!! :)
3	Slowest wi-fi I've ever experienced at a Starbucks. There are only 2 people on laptops here, myself included, and it's taking a minute to load a web page. Part of the product Starbucks sells is the ability to do work here, and they are not delivering at this location.
1	Starbucks is slacking on a whole with employees but for the price of 5.50 for a drink you'd think they would get it right.  They ask you what you'd like to drink write it down and still can't get it right.  No listening skills required apparently.   Always check your order at this location 3x now they've screwed up drive through order. Ugh.
4	It appears that while the Whitehall Location is remodeling and I've relocated to this Starbucks to hang out, they have upped their game from my previous review.Whitehall is still my favorite (and I look forward to seeing it after the remodel) but the staff here at this location are now much friendlier than my previous visits here. Also it appears that the speed has improved! My drink was made in a timely manner today!I don't know if there was a change in management or what, but I'm now quite a bit happier at this Starbucks location!
