4	The restaurant at The Bonham inhabits some really classic and traditional West End space at Drumsheugh Gardens. Most of the properties here form part of big, imposing buildings, with dramatic front doors and windows. The restaurant at The Bonham is part of the four star Bonham hotel, which is really beautiful inside.I came here for lunch with the family, and although it wasn't super busy, with only what looked like a few business lunches on the go, the atmosphere was still great, and felt very elegant, spacious and refined. Despite the menu and some of the decor having a modern edge to it, the actual dining space still feels quite formal and traditional, but I like a bit of a tradition, so that suits me. You can get some pretty good set menu lunch deals here, and it's a nice change to come to this part of the west end, rather than just opting for right in the centre of town all the time. Maybe not the place for a big, raucous party dinner, but great for more of a classy, you can safely take the parents here, event.
5	Top quality, locally sourced produce, turned into beautifully executed dishes. The Boozy Snoozy is a fabulous deal on Thursday evenings and Saturday/Sunday lunchtime. We summed it up: "The Bonham has shown itself to be an excellent venue, consistently producing dishes of true imagination, boldness, and balance. It's another gem of the West End, and one you should consider visiting, at your earliest convenience."
5	I went to the Bonham for the first time recently to partake in their Afternoon Tea - what can I say?! Truly scrumptious!! Everything was 'mini', fresh and homemade - well worth a visit. This, along with The Prestonfield hotel, was the best Afternoon Tea I've ever had. Yummy!
2	I had heard good things, so when I saw they were running a deal on toptable, I was excited to finally check this place out...Sadly I was nothing but underwhelmed.. The food was nothing spectacular.. the service was about the same.. they completely forgot about our side of vegetables and when we asked they came up with some poor excuse before producing a plate of pretty sad looking veg.. The entire experience was just lacklustre..With so many other options around town.. I won't be hurrying back..
4	We visited during the week, on a Wednesday. The Hotel and Restaurant are easy to find. The restaurant is a large spacious area. It could easily double up as a decent ballroom. On arrival we guided to our table and our coats were taken. As we were on a voucher the particulars were explained to us and they supplied a menu for us to look over if we wanted some starters. We took on the offer and ordered Roe Deer Carpaccio and a couple of champagne kir aperitifs. The kirs were decent, not outstandingly nice, but having some interesting taste. The Roe Deer was served with what can only describe as "breaded haggis balls" - quite tasty. The main was a steak chateaubriand, cooked medium rare and served with a very nice jus. We had some chunky chips and peppery rocket salad leafs. Very well executed and great flavour. The 2008 Rioja was a welcome wine accompaniment. The service was efficient, friendly, non intrusive and discreet. We shall certainly return at some point
2	Classic hotel restaurant decor; walking in you expect this to be a great experience. But  reality proved different. Unattentive service; chaotic staff. Ordered a glass of wine; it did not show up until I asked when it would be served then it came five seconds before the food arrived. The food was good, at least mine but my companion said her's was tepid. Atmosphere was 8; food 7; service 2.  Ask for check and they had to re do it as the left off some items. Then we had to hunt for my wife's coat.
