5	The number one reason why I like them is because they offer a glaucoma screening technology that does not require trying to keep your eye open while a jet of air is blasted at it.  I think it costs more but depending on your insurance you may not have to pay for the privilege.Service is friendly, doctors are nice, glasses are cute. Or you know, serious and intellectual if that's your thing.
4	I have been to EyeOptix for 2 of my yearly check-ups now, and I always have a good experience. I like that they offer the Optomap retinal exam...they use this in place of blowing the puff of air in your eye. It costs a little more, depending on your insurance, but it's worth it. Staff and doctors are friendly and they have a lot of brands to offer.I always leave in a timely fashion, having had a pleasant visit and I would recommend them to anyone.
4	Super sweet staff and huge selections of glasses and contacts.  They are located right near uptown on Randolph road and have ample parking in their lot.  I come in once a year to check out the selection and see if my coke-bottles need to be upgraded.  This year I found a great pair and was telling my boyfriend 'geez I wish they had these frames in crazy colors'.  A staff member overheard me and checked for me!!  What do you know they have them in red.  They ordered them for me so I could try them on the next time I came in.  How nice!!!Thank you EyeOptix!!
3	My first visit here was the other day.  I walked away a little bit bitter about the time it took to get an eye exam.  I think it was most frustrating waiting the 20 minutes in a room on the actual optomitrist.  She was friendly as is most the staff but I really like efficiency and speed over friendliness in this instance.The selection of glasses here is great and you will likely find a pair to your liking.  I recently found out they had an uptown location so that works well for those, like me, that live and work uptown.
4	I came here for my eye exam. I was way overdue for new glasses.Appointment availability was ok, I scheduled about a week out for my preferred time. Day of appointment I was received promptly. They have the upgrade version for $15 more to bypass dilation process, which saved time I didn't have for the eye drop to work.  I briefly checked out the glasses they have, there were pricey for my budget since I don't have insurance coverage for that. What I like to point out which is the main reason for the 4-star rating is the service AFTER my initial exam. When I received my glasses from another store I made my purchase at, I found my eyesight to be blurry and unfocused.  Did I fail my eye exam?  I finally called EyeOptix and they told me to come back in 2 days. The glasses guy took a look at my prescription and my new glasses and discovered that they put the wrong prescription in.  He even held out one those adjuster thing over my glasses to prove to me the prescription was off. Maybe I should have bought my glasses there...
4	Saw Dr. Ahua, she was really nice and explained everything to me. I paid the 39.99 to have the Optix Max screen instead of having my eyes dilated since I was heading back to work afterwards. I called on a Monday and was able to get the first available appt the following weds. Overall a no complaints, I am going back in a week to have my contacts looked at again and to actually buy a supply!
4	I was seen by Dr. Ahua.  She was friendly and even though busy, my appointment did not seem rushed at all.  Knowledgeable and thorough.  Would recommend her to anyone.  The front desk staff were also excellent and the associate you see before seeing the Dr. was also friendly and professional.
