5	Cozy cafe hidden in back of a candy shop! The staff is friendly and the coffee is amazing, prepared with precision and so much passion!! Love it!
5	Great place!I have been looking for a local coffee shop in the West part of Sainte-Catherine and I think I just found a place to frequent regularly. I had the chance to discuss with John, the owner, and his passion for coffee really transposed in the taste of my Americano.I strongly encourage anyone in search of a good coffee place to check it out. Don't be fooled by the candy shop, the Formule Espresso Bar is there in the back. Hopefully, they will get the success it deserves.Long live La Formule Espresso Bar!
5	There is a lot of good coffee in Montreal, Myriade / Pikolo, for example.In my opinion this is why La Formule is the most exciting shop in town : a) they use Pilot from Toronto which was voted best roaster in North Americab) they change their beans all the time, so you get to try lots of different coffeec) they take the time to weigh the coffee before and after to ensure you get your shot exactly as intendedd) they are seriously committed to qualitye) they do their filter coffee through the espresso machine, which is a called a Coffee Shot, most shop sdon't do thatIf you're looking for the best espresso in town, I think only Pourquoi Pas could match this one, of course it's debatable. Overall great experience, the owner was really nice... 5/5
5	La Formule is so amazing! One of the best independent coffee shops in Montreal and a much-needed delicious coffee place  for the W. Ste Catherine area. They are inside Scoops Candy Shop at the back. It's an adorable atmosphere and John and Maggy really have a passion for coffee. They bring out flavors I didn't even know coffee had! This will for sure be my new regular coffee stop!
5	Don't be fooled by the location of this coffee shop (at the back of another store), I have yet to savor such a wonderful coffee! I never could stand drinking coffee without sugar...with LaFormule, I don't want sugar to ruin the taste of the latte!!! The barrista there is an artist and is as obsessed with coffee as were alchemist with finding the philosopher's stone and for good reason, the end-product is as precious as gold. Plus, the origin of the coffee beans changes every few days so you never get bored with the taste (which is unlikely to begin with). No visit to Montreal would be complete without trying this place.
5	This place was great! The owner was very friendly and welcoming. You can see he has a passion for coffee which is great cause you know you're going to get a well made cup of coffee! The actual flavour was super yummy. They change the flavour every few days which is really neat. They had flavours I never imagined could be in coffee. I'll be back to try the different flavours for sure. I didn't think this little place in the back of a candy store would be any good but I was pleasantly surprised.
5	Amazing coffee made with extreme passion! I visited this cafe three times over a weekend. Every morning I was welcomed by John, and he even opened the cafe doors early on a Saturday morning so we could get our flat white fix. On a side note, John and Maggie are true inspirations to the dreamers who want to own a cafe. They love their craft, enjoy greeting their visitors, and make wonderful coffee. Their motto is make what you love and enjoy what you serve. From the pastries made by a local baker to the beautiful furniture in the back of a candy shop (location of the cafe), everything is handpicked and displays their mission of sourcing materials from others with the same passion/love for their work. I wish this couple the best of luck on their new venture. I will absolutely be back when I come back up to Montreal.  Best,Gary from Somerville (Boston)
5	Stopped by here with my wife before we left Montreal. Jon, the owner, was extremely pleasant! He spoke very highly of his coffee, and the passion was clear in the cup of coffee he made for us. I highly recommend this place I you're a coffee aficionado!By the way, the shop is in the back of a candy store, so don't be fooled by the store front when you see tons of candy through the window.
5	Great place! I'll be the first to admit, when I drink my coffee I need creamers, whipped cream, caramel, all that caloric goodness! I read some good reviews on yelp so i decided to try it, the owner told me that they had a special coffee from Guatemala, and he described it beautifully. This was the first time in my life that i had a latte that had only milk (no sugar or extra calories) and it was sweet, delicious, and creamy. I'm not from Montreal, but when i'm back i'll head back there. I would highly recommend this to anyone, but especially to tourists like myself who want a really nice treat as they tour this fantastic city!
5	I must admit I've never met anyone as passionate for coffee as the owner of this place. That passion reflects very well in the quality and delicious drinks he prepared for my friend and I. After our visit to Quebec city and before departing Montreal,  we yelped a few coffee shops where we could rejoice from our newly discovered hobby: sipping on mocchas and lattes. Needless to say,  Jon prepared us something out of his menu and it turned out so delicious.  If I could describe that experience with words,  I would.  But like he said,  it was the coffee and not the chocolate that made this drink a star and I still can't forget the magical flavor in my mouth. And no sugar was added to my surprise!! The owner and his wife were such a pleasure to meet and we will definitely recommend all locals and travelers to try this place. My friend and I ended up buying some coffee in the hopes to recreate the experience,  but that's wishful thinking. Thank you again for making our Montreal experience complete!
2	This place was expensive and I found the owners overly friendly. I ordered a filter coffee and paid over $3. After it was made the owner told me it was strawberry flavored, which I wish he would have specified earlier. Baked goods here are not very good either.
4	The setting isn't ideal but this little espresso bar is full of charm, with a very hospitable welcome. Worth a cup if you're in the neighborhood.
