5	What can I say? One of the most talked about and exclusive golf courses in the US (at least it was back in the day before MGM bought it over and opened it to their guests). The whole course is really stunningly beautiful... they've got all kinds of wildlife here like flamingos, deers, and I can't remember what else. Oh and of course there are snakes :)Very traditional looking clubhouse/locker room, a nice dining area overlooking the 18th hole, but the food is nothing to brag about... (I remember the Kobe beef noodle soup I ordered for $80 that was complete garbage).I've played here a handful of times and each time has been absolutely amazing. The course condition and the greens are wonderfully kept (what do you expect since they only allow 10 groups a day or something ridiculous like that). It seems like there is always a celebrity playing here at any given time. One time Michael Jordan was a few groups in front of me, another time Willy Nelson was on the driving range right next to me.Caddy's are a requirement here. They will ride standing on the back of your golf cart and you get 1 caddy for each group of 4. All are very nice and professional and will give you tips on your swing as well as help read the line on the green for your putts.I haven't been back since MGM bought this place but if you get the chance to play don't hesitate and just do it. You can thank me later.
5	This place is ridiculously awesome.  Easily the best golf course in Las Vegas.The course is in immaculate condition and the best part is that there is nobody on the course besides your group and your caddies.  I won't do this course any justice with this review as I don't have the words to describe it.The course is sunk below street level, so you can't see any signs of being in Las Vegas.  All you see on the horizon are trees and mountain tops.The greens are very fast and always in perfect condition.There are two houses on the property.  One is the former residence of Steve Wynn and the other was owned by a former senior executive of Mirage Resorts (before the MGM acquisition).The golf course is very challenging....bring your "A" game.  It's not like the other courses in Las Vegas, which are desert landscaped and more like target golf......this is a traditional course and if you didn't know you were in the middle of a desert city, you wouldn't realize it while you were playing.Do not pass on an opportunity to play here.
4	Hands down the best golf experience I have ever had.
5	I don't think there's a golfer out there that would talk bad about this place. Once inside its easy to forget you're minutes from the strip. Service was top notch as you would expect from a course of this caliber. The guy that caddied for us was very laid back and friendly. The only thing I didn't particularly enjoy was the food. Save your money and eat somewhere else.
4	Probably one of the nicest golf courses in all of America and I think most hard core golfers would probably agree with that statement. With that being said, the way I played the course would have disgusted most true golf enthusiasts.  I think my caddy spent more time looking for my errant balls than doing anything else that day.  I think I must have lost 2 sleeves of balls into the waterfall on one hole.  This place is a true oasis in the desert. More than worth the 500 dollar green fee if you're a golf fanatic.  But if you're a golf hack like me, just try to get one of your high roller buddies to take you there after they get comped from dropping  20 grand at the black jack tables.  If you're lucky you might even run into MJ at the clubhouse.
5	Well there is hype there is expectation and there is delivery. The previously owned Steve Wynn, Tom Fazio design and ultra exclusive course is now open to guests of any MGM property. Though at $500.00 a person green fee it still gets no play. Aside from my two foursomes, the only other group on the course was the President of Aria and his guys who played through us.  The $500.00 fee includes private stretch limo 1 per foursome to and from the MGM property of your choice, greens fee, a forecaddie as well as use of the facility.  Outrageous to pay that for a round of golf maybe, but then again an avid golfer has though experiences that are once in a lifetime. Would I play it again, tough call big price tag but was it worth my wild this time absolutely.First off in North Las Vegas in the middle of nowhere you go through the gates and you say ok what is through here. Then you realize someone transformed the desert into a Georgia / Carolina golf course that is simply unbelievable spectacular.   Clubhouse is small and traditional as without public play you don't need much and the landscape and grounds are immaculate.  Wildlife everywhere from the multiple pheasants following you around to the snakes, deer and hogs it's pretty unbelievable this place exists out here.  Moose our forecaddie was fun & informative, though he couldn't read a putt to save his life LOL.. I am a good putter so I normally don't need that much help but he did misclub me and misread me a few times. Course itself was what can I say AUGUSTA to me. Hills, water carries, rolling gently and sometimes violently up and down these manmade hills.  I have no words to describe the level of golf this place is only to say if you have the means and opportunity and you are a golf enthusiasts do it boys.  Greens compared to Cascata the day before not even close. Probably running 10/11 fair bent grass greens. Biggest difficulty is going long oh boy.  Heavy grass behind does not allow you to chip down the hill it grabs and holds your ball so knock it back on the green and take your medicine no up and downs from behind a hole be short no long.  Bunkers deep white sand that was easy to get out of a pleasure in fact.  Service and staff incredible.  What can I say, It was truly a awe inspiring experience.
5	I was very excited to get the opportunity to play Shadow this week.  It was everything I expected it to be.  Great layout, perfect fairways and greens, very friendly staff, and great forecaddies.  If you get the opportunity, you have to play it!
5	The best course in Las vegas.   Fast greens.  Great water features.   Unbelievable beauty at this course.  If you have the chance to play here make it happen.
