3	Thrifty is a great place to rent a car if you a:  are the only driver b:  have  a fixed rental time and do not plan on extending it.After our truck was rear-ended  we had to have a rental car for a few weeks.  Settled on a Ford Taurus  which was in great condition, clean and performed flawlessly for  three weeks.  Sadly as the auto repair place kept adding  time to our car being ready we had to  physically go in to Thrifty  every-time to re-up the rental. This is not a policy of all their stores but it is for this one and it's a pain in the ass when you don't have a fixed period.  Rented another car when the truck fell over again :) ( I really must  write a review for those idiots)  which was as new, clean and working as the last.  Staff are pleasant  too.    I can only give it a 3  re the inflexibility  of options  and the additional driver charge which nearly every other company covers you on  PLUS you get charged more per day for extending it. Even though you can go into shop, cancel contract and re rent the same vehicle for cheaper..  All in all  great value for  the single driver / fixed term.
1	I rented a Passat wagon from Thrifty Car Rental for use during a medical conference.  On my way to the Phoenix Mayo conference, the temperature outdoors was 88 degrees, but the fan on the car would not work to blow outside air or AC.  My wife offered to drive the car back to the rental site, but Thrifty refused to allow this because I had rented it; in fact, in the beginning, they even wouldn't discuss the car with her, saying I had to leave my conference to talk to them.  The site was one hour from the medical conference, and they were not open outside of the hours of the conference.  Thrifty said the car was usable, so they were unable to be of any assistance.  Thrifty's rates might be a little less sometimes, but the inconvenience and lack of customer service makes their rates costly.  We rent cars frequently.  Enterprise has had the best customer service and comparable rates.  Thrifty will never get my business again;
1	This review is based on my experience thus far dealing with Thrifty rental car in Glendale, AZ at 51st and Cactus Roads.Rented a car via Priceline... Got a killer rate on a "Charger or similar"...  Called national to find out what 'similar' actually translates to...  In this case a Ford Taurus.Either vehicle would be acceptable as I am 6'4" and am jammed in anything smaller.I call the local store... "Oh, We NEVER get Chargers or Taurus in this store..."O.K. so what do YOU send out as a 'full sized' rental car. "Oh, That would be an Altima, a Malibu or a Fusion..."All of which are consistently listed in the rent-a-car market as "standard" size.The local employees have been curt, surly, condescending and dismissive... I am looking forward to meeting them in person.Apparently, bait & switch is standard practice in the car rental game and there's not much chance that there are any agencies out there who will not happily try to cheat you out of every cent they can.I guess this is  more of a "Caveat Emptor" kind of review on my part.Priceline offers "Name your own price" option... Now THAT'S more of a joke that Captain Kirk running out to sea with a surfboard under his arm.Just for fun I offered $25/day for a Mustang convertible... (the best rate I had seen for my 12 day rental was $540ish)Priceline AGREED to $25/day for a total of $300/week, (and then added $237 in charges and fees).Only thing I know is ( I think)... rent as far out as you feel safe your plans won't change and research the vehicle (plus or minus) that meets your needs and confirm that your insurance carrier DOES in fact cover you in this car (which all but the most bare bones/liability type insurance carriers do).Finally, ignore any of the human's you may come in contact with during your transaction factoring in they apparently have no marketable skills.Oh well... Ultimately when I went to pick up the car it was in fact a Ford Taurus which has become a substantially nicer vehicle than I recall from it's early days... So, take this review for what it's worth.
5	Richard had great customer service and accommodated our needs.
4	The gentlemen that work here are very helpful and nice. Get's busy but I guess that's always good for business!
1	RUN!!!  This place was not a good experience.   We rented a car from the PHX airport and went to this location to trade it in since the original car was shaking at high speed on the highway.  The Ford Escape they offered us a the location is an embarrassment to the the whole company....it was filthy dirty, smelled like smoke and vomit and was an older model with high mileage.... I thought it was a joke at first........ they also had a bad attitude that we didn't want it........ughhh...we finally got a Chevy Impala, but the building was filthy and this place needs to be torn down .....
