4	I'm rooting for this place. It can be develop into a great neighborhood restaurant.  It has flaws to be sure but not insurmountable. Give it a shot. The food is good.
2	I was excited to see this place opening up only a couple miles from my house.  Took me a while to finally get out and try it, but I did this past weekend.  Unfortunately, I was pretty disappointed.First off, the service seemed kind of disorganized.  Though the server who eventually got to us was apologetic and helpful once things were underway.I got an iceberg/blue cheese wedge salad, which was good and tasty, though the iceberg portion was a little overlarge.  The main course was a rare petite filet with a side of steamed broccoli and a side of sweet corn & leeks.The steak itself was obviously very high quality meat, and it was properly prepared.  Not the best steak I've had for this price, but a very solid steak nonetheless.The sides were... and I hate to say this... just awful.  They were completely unseasoned, overcooked, and watery.  I haven't had sides that bad in a long time.  This seems like an easy fix, and I did email them about it later.  If they get back to me, I'll give this place another try.My friend had the same thing I had and had the same complaint.  We were underwhelmed enough that we decided to get dessert elsewhere.As a final note, the decor was a bit spotty.  They had a great looking wine room up front and lots of real candles on the wall that added a nice ambiance, but the actual dining area seemed a bit spare and the curtains were kind of just thrown there.  So they could use a little tune up there as well.I really do think Henderson needs more unique high end dining spots, and RARE could be one of them, with a little more work  I hope they can tune things up and then I'll change my review.  But for now, I'd say it's not worth it.
2	So here's the story on Rare. I was on the phone in the parking lot finishing with a call for about five minutes before going in the restaurant. So we walked in and were immediately escorted to our table. The server greeted us a few minutes later. Normal, right? We were sat at a table where the light from the parking lot was shining right in my face. We asked to move and the server asked the bus person to clear a table. Yet it was then we realized there were four dirty tables that had not been cleared from prior guests. While waiting to be moved to our table we ended up overhearing a conversation at another table where the lady stated that her steak had to be sent back three times. A quick glance at each other an we were up and out. But didn't get to the door until were approached by the manager offering us free drinks and appetizer. Which would have been just fine until the server came up and expressed his opinion in a sarcastic tone. "Why are you leaving? You just got here. Nothing could possibly be wrong." We expressed our concern about the dirty tables and he stated that the parties had just left a minute before we got there. Since we were sitting in the parking lot we knew that was not the case. Bad server. Bad experience.
5	I only recently discovered this place.  What a find!  I went and met a friend there for dinner about 3 months ago and have been back at least once a week since.  The resaturant is nicely decorated and the bar has a warm feeling without being pretentious at all.  I'm about as much of a carnivore as anyone and I will put their steak up against ANY restaurant in town.  Very friendly staff who remembers your name and drink and always recommends great pairings.  Give it a shot, you won't be disappointed!
4	Have to say, I was really impressed with this place.  We had a party of six, and were looking for a nice, quiet night out with the family.  First impression was a little bad, since instead of having a host seat us, there was just a sign that said "Please Proceed to Bar Area", and then had to find a bartender that was free to seat us.  After being seated, however, I don't have a single complaint about anything with regards to the service.  Our server was Stephan, and he was approachable and friendly, and very knowledgeable about the menu, and enthusiastic about the food.  It seemed like he never missed a beat the entire evening.  Our water was filled constantly all evening.The decor was a bit of an eclectic mix, with glass-bead chandeliers to give a bit of a classic feel, dark wood tables with a bit of a rustic feel, modern art for a contemporary feel, and the table settings were a bit art deco.  Oddly, it all meshed really well.  The bathroom was nice, as well, with a black toilet and glass bowl sink.The view was amazing, since the restaurant was on the second floor of a two-story building on a hill, and the glass floor-to-ceiling windows give you a great vantage point.  The food was reasonably priced for what they were, and the presentation was good.  They started with fresh, warm sourdough bread and butter, and we ordered the special appetizer Salmon Tartare, along with an order of the Crab Cakes.  The salmon tartare was great, with a mixture of avocado, wasabi and ginger, and basil/mayonnaise sauces, and the crab cakes were a good blend of crunchy and chewy that all crab cakes should have.  I think it could've used a bit more of the sauce, as it seemed there wasn't enough for both cakes.  I ordered the special of the evening, a chicken pot pie with sliced mushrooms and bacon and a hint of truffle, and also shared a piece of everything else everyone ordered.  Oddly, despite liking everything that was served, the chicken pot pie was the best I had ever tasted, and I doubt I will ever have one like that again.  Steaks were cooked to order, and I sampled the filet mignon, the porterhouse, and the strip steak, and oddly of all of them, I think the strip steak was the most flavorful, and was the cheapest.  Of the sides, I highly recommend the hot potato salad and the sauteed mushrooms, while I did not like the scalloped potatoes at all.  The seafood platter was excellent, as well, with the sauce a perfect mixture of cream and spice.  The only thing I didn't get to try was the lobster, as no one wanted one but me, and I didn't want to spend the extra $35 just for myself.  They had a good selection of wines, but as the designated driver, I was unable to partake.  Since it was a birthday celebration, the chef made a special crepe with strawberries and whipped cream sauce drizzled with chocolate mousse, and it was the perfect ending to the meal.  As dessert was being served, a live band started to play in the bar area, and I enjoyed hearing those classic songs as we departed.  Overall, great meal, great experience, and great restaurant!  I think it is a great neighborhood restaurant, and wish it success in the future.  We'll be back!
3	Certainly no technically trained chef in the ktchen. The decor was at best a few cans of paint and a trip to the fabric store. The view at night is great except that the parking lot lights overwhelm all the city lights. Had the "Rare" seafood dish. Described as shrimp, scallops, clams and salmon. The shrimp were 100 count size (tiny) and hardly recognizable. The sea scallop appeared to be one sliced length wise 3 times. A few clams, the Salmon was the surprise.  Cooked perfect and had good flavor. But for a dish with the Rare name attached was a let down.  Petite filet, nice cut of meat.  No seasoning (why?) mushrooms were nice.  Service was nice and fit the pricing scale.  The place is not far off but right now the competitors are a little more attractive.
4	Terrific local spot with fantastic steaks!  Would recommend to anyone!
2	Food 3/5Service 2/5View - overratedI was expecting a much better experience than I had at their previous restaurant 'steak' but it wasn't to be.No hostess- understaffed in the dining room - took 45 min to get entrees with no apologies or explanation. By the way our party of four were the first customers of the evening. Due to lack of variety on the menu kids and vegetarians may have difficulty finding something that sounds appetizing. Restaurant is overpriced for the amount of food and the neighberhood (this isn't a strip hotel so stop charging as if it is).The view is overrated. You look down on a strip mall parking lot and through 2 buildings to see the lights of Las Vegas.Our steaks and side dishes were good.  The lack of quality service and understaffing seems to be a common thread in this restaurantuers disillusioned vision of a successful restaurant. I see this restaurant soon becoming another statistic unless someone is brought in who understands the business of service.
1	This place is closed
