3	Stu Miller Pumpkin Patch.  The sign that Christmas is around the corner.  Where else can you get a pumpkin and launch your daughter to the moon on a bungee ride.  With a small petting zoo, many bounce slides and courses and a whole lotta pumpkins, this place is A-OK.  And the prices are reasonable as well.
4	Tons of pumpkins, a petting zoo with pony rides, rides and games. We went on a Friday around 4 pm and it wasn't too busy. Everything was clean and I felt comfortable just letting the kids run around.  I have not been to any other local pumpkin patches so I am not sure how to compare pricing but we purchased 20 tickets for access to the rides and games, 3 pumpkins (2 small and 1 large) and 4 bottles of water and spent about $45. Overall it was a good time and I would definitely go back next year.
5	Great place for the kids to come and play.  They have a great caring staff with plenty to do: bouncey house, petting zoo, bungle jumping, and three slides!  Great place for taking halloween pictures or picking your pumpkins.
2	Horrible service this year. Gone here the past 4  years now and this year by far was the worst. Stood and waited 15 minutes for someone to come operate the swings. Told 2 people that worked there during that time both said "ill send someone over."  They we not busy at all. 3 other families were there it was 11:30 am. So no excuse to make the customers who were there wait. The pumpkins are way over priced. Everything is dirty. There is hay everywhere, id rather it just be dirt. The "petting zoo" is just sad. Poop and flies EVERYWHERE! Poor animals. The rides are over priced. .90 a ticket. Wouldn't be bad if each ride was only one ticket. NO! Most are 3! Paid 6 tickets ($5.40) for my daughter and niece to jump in the bounce house for no joke less than a minute and then they wanted out. They would not give me my tickets back. I should have just left then but i had already purchased an 20 pack of tickets for $18. Place is a joke don't waste your money!
5	Awesome pumpkin patch for a fun family outing I highly recommend checking it out our family had a awesome time kids love it!!!!!
4	This year's pumpkin patch has stepped it up with more attractions and decor.  Great place for cheap thrills with the family, and you must go at night where the place lights up real pretty.  It's in the corner of S. Rainbow and Warm Springs.  Enjoy!
1	Came here for the first time. Still had an hour and a half before they closed.  We were in line for the bungee ride and stopped taking riders one hour before they closed. While waiting for this ride decided to play some games. They closed that part too!!!! We bought $20 worth of tickets and basically only use $5 worth. NO REFUNDS!!!  They need to tell people before they buy them!!!! Nice guy working here said the tickets don't expire and we can use them next year. I don't know if we would come back.
4	I have no children except the 29 kindergartners I take here each year for our fall field trip. I say YAY to this group of people who can transform an empty field a few yards away from one of the busiest roads on the west side of town into a festive spot where young kids can make some first memories with their families and friends.Being a country girl, of course the petting zoo area is my favorite. The bounce house and rides are fun for the kiddos. The staff is friendly and helpful and patient when 90 five year olds take over the place for an hour. I am glad that my city kids get a little bit of "country" experience while here at the pumpkin patch.
3	It's that time of year! Pumpkin Patch me bro!I came to assist my 6-year-old niece in running amuck, petting some random animals, and watching her go down the same slide about 20 times in a row. Because nowadays kids just can't pick out pumpkins they need constant interaction and distractions, if not, they go crazy. What happened to the good old days of "sit down, shut up, and smile". OK, the old man rant is out of my system. Stu Miller's Pumpkin Patch is good for large families who want to entertain their kids on budget. A few ride ticket purchases will get you a lot of rides, slides and some sweet photo ops as well. They also have a huge pumpkin selection and the prices seemed pretty fair. The most expensive pumpkins will run you about $20 which is a huge pumpkin, probably around fifty pounds. This location also offers food and drinks, the main food group offered here is of the sugar/deep fried group, one of my favorite food groups by the way, but I didn't partake in these delectable delights. I was too busy digging hay out of my shoes ever step around the patch. If you're just looking for plain pumpkins head to Wally World or you local grocery store, but if you're looking good size and style, Stu Miller has you covered.
3	Fall is here once again, pumpkin, cool nights and cuddling. I love this time of year! Our favorite is taking a family trip to the  pumpkin patch. Although we only go for enjoyment, rides, petting zoo and the giant slides I think the pumpkins are a little over priced.
5	Pretty fun for kids here.  They are here every year and my kids love it. You can purchase tickets here and use it next year.  They have things like Bounce house,  Tons of pumpkins in different sizes,  slides,  a petting zoo (with baby goats,  chickens,  bunnies and few lambs. .. I personally don't like these lol). The staff are so nice and location is a decent size.  I advise everyone wearing tennis shoes and socks (lots of slides requires socks) because you ate walking on hay.
4	A standard pumpkin patch with all the identical rides and amusements for the little ones.  This staff is however much nicer than necessary.  Which is a very good plus!  The ride tickets are 1$ a piece and packets are sold in 20 tickets for 18$ or 40 tickets for 36$.  The rides are 1 ticket for the little slides, 2 tickets for taller slides, 3 tickets for the mini carnie rides and 9 tickets for the mega bungie jumpers.  At this location they are very relaxed with the tickets on the slides (ssshhhhh).  I can't really tell you how cool the employees are, cause I don't want anyone to get in trouble.  I will say that I will bring my kids to this location a few more times this year.  The pumpkins are priced by size and the largest ones cost 19$ and they go down all the way to 1$ for tinys.  The parking is clean car friendly and there are standard fairground food stands.  Kids had a wrecking ball of a good time.  Almost tore my head off screaming when we had to leave.  Cool patch!
1	Horrible rip off. Don't waste your time. Brought my 7 yr old son and people were so rude and misleading!
5	This was a great experience. I liked that the tickets were affordable and it was very well decorated. The kids looked like they were having fun on the slides and bouncy house and it was a very family orientated event. I loved the petting zoo idea also. What a great adventure for families.
