1	This is the ONLY chinese restaurant I like in Charlotte.The food is fresh and good.The price is very reasonable too.They have two kinds of menus.One for more americalized chinese food and one is the authentic one.U can find all the yummy food on the authentic menu.Beef noodle, chicken feet, pig hog...My favorite is the beef noodle and the pig feet.Recommand to call in to order before go because the owner is by herself most of the time and they're pretty busy at lunch and dinner hours------Update 02/26/2011The owner is different now and the new menu sucks! Just like other yucky American Chinese restaurant now! Will not come back again
1	Tried a different Chinese Restaurant in the area and wish I did not. Got shrimp with mixed vegetables. The shrimp were small and very overcooked (very mussy). Also got the Teriyaki beef which  was like shoe leather (very tough). Will not be going back.
3	Honey chicken was good the sa cha chicken was a pass
4	The food was delicious.  Maybe they have a new chef.  I have tried many carry-outs in the Charlotte area and this one is the best!!!
1	Read review prior but my aunt wanted to eat so figured they may have improved since last reviews. Nope. Hot and Sour soup was bland. Crispy noodles were stale. My Sa Cha "spicy" dish was missing the spice and broccoli in dish was visibly old. Should have followed my Yelp-stincts.
1	It was awful.  not even sure that it was beef.  really, really bad
4	Let me start out by saying that many of the reviews here are unfair. I live very close to this take out Chinese restaurant and have used them many times over the years. It is true that they were better before the change in ownership but they are still pretty decent. This place like many Chinese restaurants does some things better than others. For instance, their pork fried rice is better than almost any place in Charlotte. In general, their stir fry dishes are quite good. The portions are good, the dishes have plenty of meat and the vegetables are always fresh. As I said, they don't do everything well so I would stay away from the Crab Rangoon and Lo Mein (I am not a fan of that dish anyway). Their soups are just OK so they will do if that is what you really want - just don't expect anything special. The staff is always friendly and they will modify dishes if you request it.
1	I Specifically asked for NO MEAT of any kind.  Even made inquires about the sauces and if they had chicken broth, etc.  When I got home we found our rice had little bits of beef in it.  My girlfriend is a vegetarian so one can imagine this ruined her dinner.  Also the prices online were cheaper than what they charged in the store, not cool.  Certainly will not return to Quick Wok.
4	Some of the reviews here are ridiculously harsh. They have standard Chinese fair which is pretty decent. The vegetables are always fresh and they never overcook them. Some things that they do really well are pork fried rice or any fried rice for that matter.They also do Kon-Po Chicken well. I usually stick to the simpler dishes like beef and broccoli or chicken and broccoli. Overall they are pretty decent for what they are (take out Chinese).
