2	I've never really regretted choosing to go to a fast food place, but this particular visit was definitely not the best.  I was actually circling South Park for a place to eat before heading to a meeting so it had to be quick... most of the places in this area are sit-down places and take a while so I stopped in here.The people were friendly, but it took a long long time to get my food and then I decided to sit down and eat rather than stuff my face and run.  I did overhear a lot of employee conversations about going home and their feet hurting, etc.  I think they were in the middle of a shift change, but it's hard not to hear that stuff when it's being yelled from the cash register back to the kitchen.Atmosphere aside... the sandwich was dosed in mayo like someone was trying to put out a fire with it.  The fries.... were scalding hot (that's what was the hold up with the food - and also the drive thru line).  They also ran out of ketchup containers so I had to be creative and put ketchup on a napkin in a big blob.Oh well - get what you pay for though I guess.....
2	For the inside dining experience, McDonald's beats Burger King, hands down. In the sandwich wars, I prefer the Whopper to the Big Mac. Fries? McDonald's. Drink options? Tie. Dessert? Burger King. Play Place? BK.This is a fair Burger King, but the thing they have going for them is that even though the dining room is open from 6 AM to 10 PM, the drive through is open 24 hours. In the middle of the night when you're working a late shift in the South Park area, there isn't much else for a meal unless you want to drive clear across town. That makes this bright lit BK a good thing. But if it's day time, I'm probably going to choose the fancy two-story McD's a block away.
1	New, clean but horrible service. Waited 20 minutes for two breakfast sandwiches.
3	With $1.00 Icees (cherry, coke or mixed) and .50 cent vanilla ice cream cones, this is a great place to treat children to something "special."  The indoor play area is clean and never crowded.  BK also offers veggie burgers but make sure to ask them to hold the mayo if you do not want your sandwich swimming in it.
2	I hate to give this BK a 2-star review - I really, really do, because the folks I have encountered in the drive-thru and dine-in has been exceptionally friendly.  However, the food is definitely meh.For a drive-thru dinner, the chicken sandwich was fair - a little light on the mayo and heavy on the lettuce.  Fries were a little soggy.  For a dine-in breakfast, the young lady assisting was very, very nice, but my 2 for $3 ham and cheese crossanwiches were YUCK.  The ham was burned around the edges, so it tasted like coal.  The cheese was super melty, so the sandwich pretty much fell apart the minute I bit into it.  I ate one but could not force myself to eat even part of the second.  I was in a crunch for time, so just went on my way and struck BK off of my list for fast food breakfast stops near home.  Breakfast gets a 1, dinner gets a 2.
5	I had a great burger for lunch Monday! Quick and accurate service!
