5	I enlisted the help of Yelp Tempe/Phoenix talk forums to find a massage therapist to come to my rescue the day after Ironman Arizona.After much digging around, a few emails, and some calls, I ended up choosing MyoSymmetrix.  I was mainly looking for a massage that involved deep tissue and trigger point work, none of that froo froo swedish mumbo jumbo.Chad the owner was very responsive over email and sent me all the information I needed. Over the phone, he was very nice and friendly and we settled at 2 massage therapist (including Chad) to come to the condos to take care of me and a handful of people from my triathlon team. The price was VERY reasonable for transportation to our condo and the cost of the massage itself.Now granted the day after an Ironman, I didn't want a hard core deep tissue massage like I normally do (any little poke to my body would have made me jump), Chad was able to do a good mix of swedish mixed with moderate deep tissue and trigger point. Just enough to get my unhappy muscles flowing a little bit better. Chad's wife was the other therapist and even though I didn't get to experience her work, the boys gave rave reviews about their massages.Both Chad and his wife were great, they arrived on time, gave solid massages, AND were reasonably priced. I got complimented for finding such a good group of therapists, but really I have to thank all you Yelp peeps for the input.  So my muscles say thank you fellow Yelpees and thank you Myosymmetrix!
5	I've had 2 deep-tissue massages with Jessica, and she's great.  She clearly has a good understanding of the body and how it works, and was able to give me good advice on additional exercises and stretches to help me with my issues.
5	It takes either a great or horrible experience in order for me to write a review. Thankfully, my experience at MyoSymmetrix was a great one!I went there because I had a Groupon but I would happily go back and pay full price.Chad was very nice and made me feel comfortable right away. He was also very knowledgeable and used a variety of techniques to create a custom massage just for me. I appreciated it since you normally have to pick just one technique. I usually have a hard time relaxing during a massage but I was able to here. We chatted on and off throughout the session, Chad really cares about his clients. I left feeling relaxed and could feel the difference in my body. He is truly wonderful at what he does and does a great job of taking care of his clients.
4	My husband suffered from back pain.  We found MyoSymmetrix on Yelp.  Based on the high ratings, we decided to give it a try.  We called & left message on Sunday, however, we didn't received a reply until Monday.  My husband went on to try another therapist while I decided to give Chad a try.  Chad is a gentle and soft spoken guy.  He did helped me release some tension on my left side.  This is the first time a massage didn't make me "feel so good" because it actually dealt with my problem areas!  Ouch but good pain.  After I am done, I plan to book another appointment for my husband.  :)The only reason for 4 stars is the slow reply.....beside that, it is great!
5	I had Jessica do some deep tissue and trigger point work done. The woman truly knows what she is doing!! I left feeling great, and the rest of the day and the few days following my body felt so much more comfortable. According to her I had a few tight muscles here and there and thanks to a few of her tips I'm doing alot better!}Nice little atmosphere in the massage area as well, I'll definitely be going back!
5	I found MyoSymmetrix on Groupon.  I called in the morning and was given my choice of times in the afternoon and choice of therapists.  I asked for Jessica.  I arrived a few minutes early and Chad was  there cleaning.  I foound him very pleasant to chat with while waiting.  Jessica got there a few minutes later and we got started,  Wow!  She is really strong and worked the knots in my neck and back.  She was outstanding.  She checked a couple of times to make sure the pressure was OK.  She talked a little but mostly just let me relax.  She also recommeded exercises to help.  I will absolutely go back there.
5	I highly recommend Chad.  He is friendly, knowledgeable, and listens to his clients to ensure he treats problem areas effectively.
5	This husband and wife team provide an outstanding massage experience. I had the husband give a massage focusing on stress area's with an intense deep tissue session.  It was wonderful.  This guy really knows how muscle and bone all work together and he concentrates on the problem areas. I was very please with the massage and how I felt after-wards! I get a massage on a regular basis due to work and this guy is one of the best I have ever had.
5	I don't often write reviews and I realize that I should more often. Reviews need to be written for small businesses that genuinely work hard to be great at what they do and MyoSymetrix is a great massage place! First off, if you are looking for a spa go somewhere else. MyoSymmetrix is a small office in old town Scottsdale run by a husband and wife. They are extremely knowledgeable and well versed with the human body. I'm sure they can do many forms of massage but I go there for sports massage. I play rugby on the weekend and work out / train frequently so my body is usually pretty twisted up and angry at myself. Chad has helped in numerous occasions setting up last minute appointments and detangling the muscle abyss. Try to set your appointments early in the week, it seems to be the least busy time. If you want a knowledgeable and experienced massage therapist go to MyoSymmetrix.
4	I have gone to quite a few massage places here in Phoenix since I have moved here (still trying to find the "ideal" place like I had back home).  This place is one of the better ones I have gone too.  First off, the hours they keep work very well for those who have busy schedules, so finding a good appointment time has been fairly simple with them.  Second, I clench my teeth and thus have neck and upper back tension that is usually a bit more difficult to resolve.  They did a fine job both times of loosening up those areas.  Lastly, I like deep pressure deep tissue massage, but not so deep that you are fighting the massage therapist back.  It is a fine line between effectiveness and resistance.  They have seemed to master this quite well.  So for the price, availability and quality, I definitely give them an "A."
5	Wow!!  We were visiting Scottsdale for Spring Training in March of 2013 and were looking for a massage therapist who knows how to do real body work.  We found Chad and MyoSymmetrix on YELP and gave him a try.  BEST MASSAGE I'VE EVER HAD!!  Chad has a great deal of experience and really knows how to address a lot of different issues.  I wish I lived closer :)
5	I'm a massage snob. Lived in the big apple for years and got therapeutic massages quite regularly. This massage is among the best I have ever received. That is said with no exaggeration. Perfect storm of technique, mastery in the field, and solid intuition. Best money I've spent in Scottsdale. Bam.
2	This review is NOT about the quality of the massage, as I never got the opportunity to go and get my massage.I called in advanced and scheduled a couples massage for my significant other and I, as it was our anniversary. We had a day full of events planned, and the morning of our anniversary, I was woken up early to be told that they had to cancel our couple's massage because the individual was sick.I am not upset that they got sick, this is a human thing, but i am disappointed that our anniversary plans were ruined because this company had no back up. Because of this one experience, unfortunately, I will not reschedule with them again.
5	Jessica is the best massage therapist I know! After going to several different places throughout the years I finally found someone that is really in tune with my aches and pains. She is great and very knowledgeable in her field. I found her through my physical therapist 6 years ago and have not gone to anyone since! I highly recommend her and send her as many clients as I can to show my appreciation of her talent and skill, you will not be disappointed!
5	Jessica absolutely knows her art. She is well trained and deeply experienced. She does a fantastic job with injuries. Oh yeah, and she is super nice, too. Convenient location with good parking.I will be coming back.
5	Can not say enough good things.  Called to make an appt, got the voicemail but received a call back within minutes. Jessica was extremely professional and friendly. Made an appointment for myself and my sister-in-law for the next day. Located in a business park. Not a Day-Spa rather a professional massage therapy office. My therapist was Megan- so nice and SUPER strong. Very response to your individual needs. Wish I lived in Scottsdale so I could see Megan routinely. My SIL had Jessica, she too was thrilled with her massage. So glad we went to Yelp first-we were not steered wrong!  Btw, had the 90 minute deep tissue massage for $90. Tipped $20, worth every penny.
4	First time going, had a 90-minute massage with Meagan. She did a wonderful job, I actually like it a little harder pressure and she really worked out a lot of stress in my next in shoulders.The only thing I will comment is that it's in a small like business duplex and kinda small so the waiting room was right on the outside of the wall and you could hear people talking outside but it really wasn't that bad. Other then that everything was really wonderful!
