2	I went to this restaurant on Saturday night with three friends. I think it may have been their first day (or one of their first days) serving a full dinner menu, so perhaps things will get better. I certainly hope so, as I love Cuban food and this is the first Cuban restaurant I've been to in Pittsburgh, as I only moved here a few months ago.My friends and I had a empanada platter appetizer for $6. Based on the amount of food you get, $6 is a great deal. If you want to eat four small calzones as a meal, then this could easily be a meal for one person. We all liked the empanadas, so we were hopeful about the quality of the entrees.However, I found the entrees to be quite lackluster. I ordered the lechon platter ($11), which is a dish of pulled pork. It was rather plain tasting, and came with a side dish of white rice and black beans. The beans were ok, but the rice was rather crunchy and didn't have the same very light taste of garlic and oil that I'm used to at Cuban restaurants.Another friend's fricase de pollo was so-so, with a side of plantains that were quite starchy and flavorless--not like the lightly sweet plantains I've had at Latin restaurants in other cities.All in all, I felt that this restaurant did not live up to the standards of other Cuban restaurants I've been to in other American cities.
5	YUM! Finally good Cuban food in the Burgh. Between 2 people, we split the empanada platter, the congrie, lechon and fried plantains and everything was fresh and tasted just like home made food. Good service also. Definitely will be coming back to try the rest of the food.
3	They are getting better. When I first went here I was disappointed
4	Driving through Larryville, the giant sign with the Spanish word 'Salud', followed by 'Cuban Cuisine' caught my eye. I hadn't noticed it before, and with good reason, since it's a fairly new restaurant.  Now, speaking a little Spanish, the word 'Salud' can mean two different things. When raising a glass to a friend, one would say 'Salud' as in, 'To your health'. It can also mean just...health. So I wondered if this was some type of odd Cuban health food establishment, or just the vernacular use of the word. I was quite relieved to find it was NOT 'health' food, but genuine Cuban food.I lived in Puerto Rico and Miami, which left me surrounded by Cuban eateries, so I was very curious to try this one out, and I must say, I was not disappointed in the least. Well, there WAS the issue of not having Cuban coffee...The atmosphere kind of left something to be desired. And in my book, that's not usually such a bad thing. Big Jim's In The Run and Nied's Hotel come to mind. Both dives...both serving up great simple food. And I don't go out to eat 'atmosphere'.Salud offers a short menu of authentic Cuban cuisine. Two things the Cubans seriously know how to do is roast pork and bake chicken. The kings of pork, really. We opted to both have the Lechon, with is a mojo marinated and roasted pulled pork, served with your choice of side, ranging from Congrie (con-GREE-ay) which is a fusion of rice and beans, to separated sides of rice and beans, red or black, fried yuca or plantains (yuca are really like french fries, and plantain like savory bananas).The Lechon was absolutely delicious. Brimming with flavor, and perfectly paired with the congrie in my case. My friend has just the rice and red beans, and I sampled that as well, and it was just as tasty, though not as complex.The only two disappointing factors were that it was 5:30 on a Friday, and for a half hour, we were the only customers. We sat at a table near the bar, and the back half of the restaurant was extremely dark. It wasn't until another couple came in that they turned on the lights nearer the back and we realized they has more of a 'dining room' area in the back which was much brighter. The food was terrific, and the bartender/host was extremely kind and friendly.Second was the lack of Cuban coffee, which was on the menu. They said that the chef had 'lost' three pots since opening, and couldn't find another one. I make Cuban coffee, known as the 'colada' at home using my simple espresso machine, and it tastes exactly like what they served me in Miami. I can't understand why they couldn't find an espresso machine. Hit a community sale kids! You can grab five of them for $5 each! Since Pittsburghers seem to feel it's the BEST thing to give as a wedding or shower gift...and that Pittsburghers generally have NO use for.When the second couple came in, the bartender plugged a few Latin tunes into the jukebox, and with the lights now on, the place was a little more alive.They deserve to be much more alive. This is very good food. Authentic. Tasty. If I could only convince them to add Fo Fo (known in Puerto Rico as Mofongo) which is a plantain base, topped with the pulled pork...or shrimp. Mmmmmmm.Put down the Primanti and give it a try! The prices are reasonable, they have a full bar, and the location is very doable.Salud!
4	My boyfriend and I went this evening for dinner. While I think this place could lose the wood paneling, the food was great. We had empanadas, the steak and the Lechon sandwich. All pretty good in my opinion. The mojtio was on the sweeter side (which the waiter told us about) and also was quite solid. We will definitely go back and bring friends. The waiter was extremely friendly and the cook came out and said hi to us as well. I would tell people to give it a ago.
3	I came here for a Spanish Meetup event. First I must say that the staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. It might have been because the restaurant only recently opened up (but I'm not certain). Regardless, this staff was probably the most friendly and pleasant I have ever encountered and it doesn't sit well with me, although fair is fair, to give only three stars.I ordered the chicken with beans and rice with maduro as an extra accompaniment. While my chicken along with the sauce it was in (I forget what it was) was really tasty as was the maduro, I did not care much for the beans and rice, which to me is the staple of this cuisine. Do take into account I moved here from NJ where there are plenty of Cuban and other Latino restaurants that know how to make delicious beans and rice.This place however has the perfect ingredients: a great location, a nice and roomy venue, and extremely nice staff. All they must do is perfect the beans and rice. The beans dish I really like usually has cilantro, sazon, and garlic and they are really soft. If they can improve in this area then they will easily get 5 stars.
4	Great Cuban Sandwich and friendly service. Will return to try dinner sometime soon.
4	Went in for lunch the other day - ended up chatting with the cook for the day - pretty damn good food - had empanadas, good seasoning to the meat filling and pastry on the outside nice any flaky - cuban sandwich was good - cook ended up letting us try the gazpacho - that was great - nice flavor and really fresh - wouldn't think twice about heading back to this place.
4	I live in the neighborhood and was looking for somewhere to eat dinner on a Friday night with a big group of friends. We hoped (correctly) that Salud could fit us in. They rearranged seating for a table of 14, gladly split checks, and even offered to let people order on a rolling basis as they arrived. The server (owner?) could not have been more accommodating. The mojitos were delicious and our party ordered most of the items on the menu. The empanadas would make a great large bar snack if you came in to do some drinking. I had the picadillo beef- the hamburger was deliciously seasoned, the rice got compliments all around, and I devoured the plantains. At $12, it was a deal for a large dinner portion. My date had the watermelon gazpacho and my taste of that was also yummy. The atmosphere looks like a dive bar. So what? The service was great, the food was fast and good and affordable, and I look forward to going back. I almost hate to give this place a good review- I don't want it to get packed like the rest of Lawrenceville! But I think this place deserves more attention for its good food. I'll be back for more.
4	Man, this place is really got some potential!  Still a work in progress but the service was friendly and the food was Delicious!  We had the Cantaloupe soup and two sandwiches.  Prices are reasonable and food was fresh and hot and did I mention delicious?  Can't wait to go back to try more.Menu rotates weekly!
5	This place was great. The only other Cuban food I've ever had was when my wife made Cuban sandwiches so I can't really compare to much. I did try both their Cuban sandwiches, meatball and regular, loved them both. Fries were outstanding too. Sat outside on a really nice day to eat, service was great and I was given a free Cuban coffee which was out of this world too.
4	The food was a really tasty and reasonably priced. Not much Cuban food that I am aware of in the area and this one is a nice start. Interesting decor but who cares when the food and quality of it is that good. The level of care of the chef was nice they came out to chat and gave us some gaspacho to try that they were making for that evening. I'd definitely go back for the empinadas.
4	Please try Salud - you will NOT regret it.  Run by two hipsters who also double as band-mates, this isn't "authentic" Cuban (rather Cuban-American) but the food is fresh, tasty, and the service is top-notch.  If you tried Salud when it first opened, it was run by different staff and I encourage you to give it another chance with the new management.@Curtis G and I live right by Salud, and have been meaning to stop in here for months.  We finally made the time, and we were glad we did.  Surprisingly, we were the only diners at around 9 pm on a Saturday.  Our server did mention that Fridays are usually their busier night.Salud is Farm to Table - meaning the menu changes frequently based on what local fare is available.  They post their menu updates on their Facebook page (they don't have a website).  The menu offers fewer options that other places, however, I don't think that's a negative as I love that the food is fresh and local.I'm a terrible Yelper b/c I really can't remember the name of my dish, all I know is that all the ingredients were flavorful, and the argument for more Farm to Table restaurants is evident when you are enjoying mango that's bursting with flavor because it's so fresh.  The chef came out to check on our entrees, always a classy touch and showcases the passion of the staff.Our adults beverages were amazing, individually-made and with all fresh ingredients.  I'm picky about my mojitos, and have been known to send them back if they aren't to my liking.  Salud's mojito was cool with the perfect amount of fresh mint.  It's def in my top mojitos in the city list (new Yelp list idea?).And if you like ghost stories and anything with a macabre history....this is another added bonus for you to try Salud.  I won't ruin it for you.  I encourage you to ask the bartender about the history of the the previous tenant (Salac's - a bar where dirty cops used to cook the books, allegedly!).
4	This hole in wall was yummy! Some of the best Cuban food in Da burgh. The food was fresh and authentic. Cute bar too! Worth checking out for dinner...
4	Loved my first meal of Salud!   Will definitely be back.  Delicious rice and beans and plantains.  They include those 3 sides with the meal and the coffee is delicious.   I ordered the pork belly wraps and was happy with them, but thought it was maybe a little skimpy on the portion size.  The owner and his staff were very accommodating for my toddler son, which I really appreciated.
4	Salud was the first place my friends and I stopped at after arriving in Pittsburgh. The food was great. I started with the tomato and avocado salad and it was very refreshing. The lechon sandwich was good but the Cuban was better. My friend was generous enough to break me off a piece of his chicken from the arroz con pollo and it was well prepared. The chicken was flavorful and juicy. There was a Spanish song playing on the speakers that was enjoyable. The song was on repeat and played around 10 times while dining. It seemed like time was slowed down or a residual flashback was occurring.
4	Salud was our welcoming meal upon arrival in Pittsburg, PA (not to be mistaken with  the Burg in the Bay Area). As we entered, the man behind the bar, formally known as the Bartender, took our order, served us, everything. It was a caucasian establishment, not tapped at the source, if you will. I had the Cuban sandwich and am not mad at all, it was on point. The lechon sandwich was almost just as good. Little to my knowledge, the same song played on repeat the entire time we were there. I guess all the years in Spanish clubs have made me oblivious to it. It all sounds the same anyways.
5	I went to this place prior to an Artist Party last night! It was delicious! The bartender was very nice and accommodating. I ordered the jerk chicken with rice and beans.  It was spiced just right. I will definitely go back. I gave it 5 stars because I actually cleaned my plate.
1	I ordered take out. m. I was so excited to eat their "famous" lechon sandwich.  I waited patiently, then when I get home to look into what I ordered, my lechon sandwich was all soggy.  Like what the hell....it just infuriates me.  Bottom of the tray was a pool of water.  Sure I expect a degree of wetness for having it packed to go, but not like an inch of water in the tray. The French fries were soggy placed with the pickle.  What the hell.  why couldn't you separate the fries from the pickle  Soggy Salud - the first and last time I will eat there.
4	It's so nice to have a Cuban place in Lawrenceville! I stopped in last week to order to-go and have a glass of wine while I waited. There were three other 2-top tables, a guy working the bar and the tables, as well as one cook in the kitchen. I ordered Empanadas appetizer, Cuban Sandwich, the Lechon Entree and Black Bean soup. I will say the Empanda is the tastiest I've ever had with a flakey, buttery crust...and that is saying a lot. The Cuban sandwich is by far one of the best in The Burgh, and the Lechon...mouth, dribble, watering. My only critiques...it took 45 minutes for my order, with three 2-tops, an already prepared meat (lechon) and a basic sandwich, seemed like a very long wait. Some better expediting in the kitchen would do wonders, as well as working on multiple orders at once. Also, I'd like to see an updated menu posted somewhere, anywhere, with the right perspective (check out their FB page). I would've given 5 stars, save for the very long wait. All in all though, I will order from there again and will continue to give props, 'cause the food is a slammin'.
5	Lord Yeezus, this place was amazing. Their meat dishes are gangsta Cuban in ya face. I don't think the rice is Cuban though, but hey deliciously delicious deliciousness. Empanadas are everything everyone says they are. Flaky, delicious, in ya face. Highly recommend. I did take out, just as good. :D
4	Love this place. I've not ordered anything that wasn't delicious. Some of the drinks are hit or miss, but overall, great menu and service.
5	The food is excellent and the atmosphere is very relaxed. New favorite spot, will be coming here often!
4	GREAT local place! Food was delicious! I had made reservations for early Saturday evening. It was our first trip there and I was VERY impressed that our table was ready with ice water on it for us! GREAT service and great food. 3 of the 4 of us had the Lechon and  I had the soup and the empanadas. Everyone enjoyed it and we look forward to returning.
4	So this place isn't fancy. Just barebones... Probably used to be a bar, used to be a restaurant etc. But don't let the plain aesthetic scare you, there's good food to be had!Not surprisingly, I had to go with the Cuban Sandwich, which is ham, brisket, cheese toasted on Cuban bread. It was very good. Their brisket is pretty legit alone. The fries looked to be freshly cut. But, they could have been crispier. Same with the plantains I stole off my friends plate. But they were still tasty as well.Also, I will note they serve freshly brewed sun tea. I love a good iced tea, so this was a treat! But beware, you only get two refills of the tea! I'd for sure come back and try some of the main dishes.
5	My gf and I stopped today by chance. Being raised in Puerto Rico I was immediately drawn towards the "rellenos de papa". They were amazing. Nicely done, warm, recently made. The rice and beans reminded me of home. I am definitely going there again.
2	If you are expecting a wonderfully authentic Cuban meal, you will be sorely disappointed. DECOR:  This is a former dive bar, and it still looks like a dive bar.  It's poorly lit, with aging tables.  Looks more like a seedy bar you would see in the beginning of Scarface, when they are still trying to rise to the top.  SERVICE:  We ordered a Jerk Chicken and another chicken dish.  Since you could see into the kitchen, we observed they had one person preparing the meals.  Our food too about 30 minutes to come out of the kitchen.  We were the only guests in the place when we ordered.  The bar staff was very friendly.  FOOD:  Meh.  My jerk chicken portion was large, but very dry.  Instead of marinating the chicken breast, they merely poured a very sweet, but not very flavorful sauce over it.  There was no heat to it.  The same could be said of my guest's meal.  Very dry and not very flavorful.  I also had rice and beans.  They were cooked properly, but again, did not have the flavor profile you would expect from a Latin-themed restaurant.  Very bland.  Most of the options are beef or pork, which is to be expected from a Latin restaurant.  If you do not eat red meat, or are vegetarian, your options will be limited.  PRICES:  For the portions you receive, they are fair.  The quality of food, however, made us feel they were overpriced.  OVERALL:  Great theme, but the mediocre food and depressing decor will likely lead me to not return.  Disappointed, because I had high expectations from the other reviews.
5	You'll feel like you're eating in a Havana Bistro with a Cuba Libre on the side and expect a hand rolled cuban cigar to follow your meal under palm trees.  Which leaves one massive mystery: I've never seen a cuban cooking, serving, waiting the bar, or eating there.  I'm not sure a cuban has ever so much as walked by Saluds door.  Yet, magically, it tastes like everything was teleported over from Fidel Castro's personal chef right to your Pittsburgh plate.Incredibly fresh dishes, high on flavor and quality.  The service was genuine and warm, and the bartender even offered us holiday cookies his wife made as a desert for free just to be friendly.  The atmosphere is totally standard Lawrenceville/Pittsburgh bar, and has no hint of the cuban deliciousness that is conjured up in their kitchen.  They have a solid craft brew list with a large number of rotating bottles and drafts, and reasonable prices across the board.I'd love to see the atmosphere match the excellent cuban food and strong service, but I'd gladly come back either way.  For great cuban food at great prices, Salud, I salute you!
5	We loved Saluda!! Allison got the Cuban Chicken and we all wanted it. Service great! Authentic and delicious. We will be back for sure. They even put on our fav Cuban music group, Buena Vista Social Club.
