4	I took my daughters here for halloween activities, and to find a pumpkin.The place is really neat, and a great destination for families with children.There is a corn pit (think ball pit, but with kernels of dried corn instead), a tomato gun (compressed air, shoots about 200 yards), snack bar area with some good choices, various things to climb on, some children's craft activities.Shorter drive than Schnepf Farms, albeit less to do.I look forward to returning for halloween this year.
3	We came here for a school field trip.  It is an ok place, I think it would have been better if we could have enjoyed it at our own pace.  Having 3 year old twins stand in line for more than 10 minutes at a time is very hard and stressful.  We ended up leaving the place because it became too much.  I think we rather drive to Schnepf Farms.
4	Had a great time, very family friendly!
3	We had a pretty good time when visiting on Saturday.  I wish we had known the "train" wasn't really a train.  The corn-maze is a lot of fun, but again I wish I'd have known that the "staff throughout the maze for emergencies" was really a group of people hanging out at almost the end sitting on some hay and ignoring us.  Lucky we didn't have any problems.  Over all we had an alright time, not sure we'll be back next year.  Employees could really use some customer service training.
4	The wifey's sister's family was in town from Nebraska with her two little boys (1 & 2yr old), we decided to take them here for an early Saturday morning visit. We had a great time! Plenty of animals to see - chickens, horses, pot bellied pigs, all the usual suspects. Plenty of activities to watch or join - Watermelon Eating Contest, Corn Shucking, etc. They provided wagons to cart the youngsters around in, places to grab food and drinks, and they also allow you to pick fruits and veggies from their HUGE garden. We came home with one of the largest watermelons Ive ever seen!!! along with plenty of delicious veggies to be used at a later date.This is a great place for kids or to just do a quick stop to pick up part of your grocery list. Great farm in an urban environment, hats off...
4	I LOVE Tolmachoff Farms! the $2.00 a LB Heirloom Brandy-wine Tomatoes can't be beat and are the BEST! They are Dummy proof no matter how you prepare them you will have a hit on your hands. I love everything I buy from here, the only reason I didn't give five stars is because of the selection. For the most part you can only count on Tomatoes and squash but sometimes they have much more. They are WORTH the trip.As a slight update, This time I noticed them selling Goat Milk and assorted Goat Cheese products from Crow's Dairy of Buckeye AZ.
4	This is the place to be if you're looking for a pumpkin patch for children under 10. There are plenty of activities to keep the children busy. Playgrounds, farm animals, bouncy houses, train rides, corn mazes, pumpkin decorating, and the list goes on. Price seems a little steep at first but you do get quite a bit for your money. Check it out and make sure the kids wear their play clothes.
2	We took our 15 month old for a highly anticipated visit to see the pumpkins and see some live animals. Granted, he might be a bit young for several activities at this farm, however the price is steep. $21 for 3 of us with coupon for 45 minutes of time. We took some pictures of our little man with pumpkins, he pet the goats and the horse and we left. He was too young for the corn pit, bounce house and the train is essentially like riding in the stroller. I think there is a lot to be desired here.As one of the few farms left in the valley, they could do a much better job at education of the public. Its one of their few chances to see farm animals up close. Some questions I had were:1) Why are feathers gone off the chickens? ( I was told they are molting)2) why aren't the baby chicks and pigs with their mamas? 3 ) Why isn't there an employee posted with the animals in the petting area, what if someone is tormenting them? 4) Do the animals have time and an opportunity to run around from their small pen?I don't think we will come back to support this farm, as I have no idea what they actually Farm, the employee we talked to did not what a CSA was, and there is no education anywhere in this farm. Would not recommend for the price.
5	Tolmachoff farms is a wonderful place to take your kids so that they can see what farming is about.  We went in October had a blast in the corn maze and the giant pillow jumper was a big hit! We had an all around good time.
4	Bought our Christmas tree here this year and the tree was a great price.  Never knew this farm was here so we checked out the corn maze, chickens, kids play area, petting zoo, and my favorite is the HUGE yellow inflated bouncer.  It must be 50 feet long by 20 feet wide, I had so much fun on this thing with my kids and burned a few calories too.  It was $7 per person (no kid discount) but well worth the 2 hours we spent there before heading home to decorate the tree.
1	It's not worth the money. You pay $8 just to get in. Inside they don't have much to see if you have already been to other farms. Everything else like train ride, pumpkin etc, you need to pay extra.Complete WASTE of TIME
5	Love this place. Food grown on a local farm just tastes better than what's at the grocery store. The owners are super friendly and have always been ready to chat every time we come. Don't miss the Brandywine tomatoes- they're a desert hybrid that loves the heat. The only tomatoes that taste better than those grew in my backyard when I was a kid. Prices for produce are pretty good, considering they do all of the work themselves.
5	Great prices. Great food. Friendly staff. I love their tomatoes, corn, watermelon, etc during the summer. Those funky looking cucumbers are great when I want something crunchy. Last year they had apples for a couple of days. I wish they could get more!Parking can be annoying at times. And I've heard mixed reviews about some of the activities. But the produce stand is exactly what I want. The brandywine tomatoes ALMOST makes the summers here worth it. Almost.
5	This is our third year coming here for their Fall Pumpkin Festival - every year since my daughter's been born.  It's a great family tradition for us.  Plenty of things to do for about half the day.  Kids will love it.  If you can, try to come when it's a little cooler.  My only complaint is that this place is growing like crazy!  Seems like it gets more and more crowded every year but I guess that's good for business!
4	We have gone here for 4 years now for pumpkin picking and love it. Each year we go we try something else. This year was probably the busiest with the most people which made parking a bit crazy but we will be back again next year!
1	RIPOFF!!!! There is NO way they should charge $9.00 admission for everyone over 2 years old! You can see and do everything there in less than an hour! There was a bounce house, a few poor little animals you could pet, a "train" ride that cost $2.00 more dollars, a pony ride that cost $5.00 more and a bunch of over priced Pumpkins for sale! I think those activities should have been included in the admission price! There is NOTHING for teens or parents to do there, but they still have to pay the $9.00 admission fee! I have been to much better pumpkin patches that had a lot more to offer for a lot less money! Save your money, take your child to a park and buy a better and cheaper Pumpkin at a store!
1	What a disappointment.  Saw on facebook that their fall produce stand was now open.  Arrived to a few buckets of greens, one box of potatoes, pumpkins and jars of salsa, butters and a few other things.  No one so much as greeted us or tried to assist us.  We could not have purchased anything even if we had wanted to.
5	I really enjoy stopping by for some fresh produce.  Their selection isn't as big as a typical farmers market but their produce is consistently delicious.  I came by for their fall fear for the second time and we had a nice time on both occasions.  The pumpkins are pricey so I only got one. A really big one.
5	We had a great time here! We brought the son and his grandparents. This is definitely on the annual traditions list. The best part was the loooong nap the son took afterward! Highly recommended for anyone with kids that needs an inexpensive outdoor experience.
4	I absolutely love this farm! The Halloween mazes are definitely spooky, I won't give anything away... but just watch your step or you can get a face full of dirt. The prices are high, but there is a coupon online that brings the cost down a bit. Other times of the year they sell fresh veggies, fruits, and many other interesting concoctions. When Christmas rolls around they sell trees; I even saw them driving in the neighborhood on a tractor I believe, spreading Christmas cheer. What a WONDERFUL business!
1	We went with great anticipation about picking our own vegetables off the vine but it turned out to be a field of weeds and rotting tomatoes. We searched for nearly a half an hour and didn't find a single tomato, pepper, or cucumber that was worthy of picking. We were not allowed to pick corn, cantaloupe, or watermelon. The corn they were selling up front was so small and dried up. The petting zoo and play area was closed.  I'm assuming the fall festival is the best thing here because the farm is in bad condition.
1	This "pumpkin patch" stinks! Don't waste your time or money! The pumpkin patch isn't even a patch!! They already have the pumpkins picked off the vines and just threw them in this tiny grassy area! No hayride to get your pumpkins or anything!! Also the employees really need some lessons on their customer service and friendliness!
4	Place is awesome, staff is friendly, lots of stuff to play with! The corn maze and bounce pillow are awesome! The bike racetrack was fun too! Must come to place If your bored with kids 3-9!
2	Went on the last open day of the season, November 9th.  Most of the activities were open, if not all, and there were no crowds.  On the downside, $9 admission  for any one over 2yrs old is slightly steep for the product being sold.   They wouldn't even cut me a deal on a dented pumpkin, one of the few that wasn't already rotting.  Its the last open day of the year and no bartering on a pumpkin? Perhaps my review is more generous than they appear to be.
2	Do not buy a christmas tree from here!!!  We went on the first of December and today saturday December 6th the tree is dead. We water it everyday and i have had better luck getting trees from empty lots that are only here seasonal.
4	Just what the community needs. A place close by to get fresh vegetables in the summer and a place that is transformed in the fall for Halloween. A place to take the little ones to see the farm animals.We enjoyed taking our grandchildren and our grandchildren enjoyed the animals and rides.
