4	i won't say it's the best banh mi shop in town but downtown? probably the best outside of the heavy hitters in chinatown.late night yesterday, i was looking for some food after coming out of some just for laughs shows and i had some time to kill before my midnight show and i wasn't fancying foodtrucks and lloydies food stand at nuit d'afrique was closed so i stop by le viet. was a bit confused at first as they sell ice cream/frozen yogurt as well as pastries and cronuts (that didn't look good at all) and of course, some vietnamese dishes.i went with a simple banh mi for the heck of it. its good, really fresh bread with a crust not too crispy (just the way i prefer) and almost as cheap as chinatown. you have to pay tax on it though. i know, who charges tax on banh mi?the only thing i didn't like: they don't use bird chili so heat wise, wasn't spicy at all.anyway, it did its job. if you're on a budget or don't want to spend tens of dollars for food around festivals time, i'd consider going to le viet for some cheap eats late at night, that is if chinatown is closed or you don't have much time between shows
3	I absolutely love the concept! It's like Vietnamese subway! They've got all the fixings and trimmings out and about, for the banh mi sandwiches or the noodles. All you have to do is pick what meat you want with your meal and your done! Fast, fresh and not too shabby. We needed something quick before catching our flight back to LA, so this was perfect. Plus after eating so much poutine on this Canadian trip, it was nice to get some noodles with asian flavors for a change. It looked like there was a station for the banh mi and noodles and then in the back there was a station for boba drinks and then the very back it looked like froyo! And it looked like another section was under construction. I guess I would have preferred that everything be finished before opening up for business and I just wasn't too sure what they were going for, Vietnamese fast food boba drinks and froyo??? plus a mystery stand? It was kinda weird. But the station that we tried, the sandwich station was pretty solid!
