5	Misty, the groomer is fantastic! She treats our dog with tenderness, love and care. Always an excellent job grooming our dog, we drive halfway across town b/c she is so wonderful.
1	DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE! They just care about the money in your wallet not about your pet OR you! Lauren b must be a friend of Misty's because I called Cindy first & then the day of the appointment spent 10 minutes expalining to Misty what I wanted and I got everything but, ... didnt even recognize my 11mo Labradoodle. I requested that his tail & head, face, ears etc...NOT be trimmed ...it was his baby hair...that he had never been to a groomer before (other than me) and the load noises scared him...they assured me he was in "good hands". HA!I should have known when Misty reluctantly came to the bench in the front of the shop so I could sit down and talk with her about Sonny and what I wanted for him... there was also a slight hurumpf almost...You think for $65 you can get what you want but, no!  I was in such shock all I could do was walk away though I did tell Misty I hated it and Cindy as I ran into her in the parking lot....I just moved to Vegas and everyone had been so nice I sadly trusted these women. Then,... a day later, I found out THEY INJURED HIM AND DID NOT EVEN TELL ME....These jokers cut off the top layer of dew claw pad and sent him home. I didn't realize it until a day later Sonny was STILL licking his leg....that is when I REALLY got upset.So I called Cindy and calmly explained to her about my upset....the response I got was even more upsetting! She said she "cannot glue his hair back" however, would pay for him to go to her vet next door...I said "arent you even going to appologize"? Her response was "no,...I saw him in the parking lot and he looked fine!" WOW My Italian came out,...at this point I wanted my money back AND a trip to the vet.....she refused to reimburse me again saying he looked fine to her.I am a two time cancer survivor and Sonny is my service dog I recieved as a gift last year for my birthday ....he is so sweet, well behaved, and gentle.....looking back he almost jumped in my arms when I arrived and now I know why...THEY HURT MY BOY! I sadly I didnt check the reviews on the internet before going Tails a Waggin as Chateau Calais recommended them...I just wanted my boy comfortable as we just relocated to sunny Vegas from Colorado ...Also, I never got my discount...This haggared, middle aged, miserable woman doesn't seem to care let alone "love" what she does...as her web site states....she's a phoney and probably sucked in her law firm as well.The experience WAS NOT low stress for me nor my companion. I almost didnt go back even for the vet visit there as I was so upset from the whole ordeal. NOTE TO CINDY & MISTY: Cindy,......this weekend I went garage sale hunting with Sonny and meet another groomer, other labradoodle owners(I am starting a doodle group), and many animal lovers...I told my story to all of them and will tell many more in the days ahead so this doesn't happen to other owners who care about there loved ones. FInd another profession you "love" cause you got a big fat "F" from me and I got a loud articulate mouth. As a "professional" and a business owner you should have immediately at least appologized for hurting my dog or reimbursed me!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  The owners, Jim and Cindy, are very nice and the groomers do a fantastic job!  I love the cage free environment and how we never feel rushed to pick up the dogs when they are done.  We have recommended this groomer to all of our friends.
5	We have used Tails A Waggin for our little Yorkie's entire life! They are always there when we need them.   Even if we do not have an appointment they always make time for our little baby!  Its not easy to do the perfect cut on such a little puppy but they always make her smell and look perfect! We can drop her off in the morning and as soon as she is ready they call us! Definite recommendation from me and our Yorkie Miss Raisin for this Mom and Pop puppy groomers!
5	I live a Chateau Calais in Seven Hills and have been looking for a good place to take my dog. She is old and needs a little extra care and love. The staff there is amazing and they made my Maltese look like a show dog! The staff is very friendly and you can tell they are real dog lovers. They took the time to listen to what I wanted, as well as the behavioral quirks of my dog. I was able to drop my off in the morning and they were all done when promised.
5	Our dogs love it here!  They always have them groomed within a couple of hours and call right away.  Prices are reasonable and service is excellent!
5	We've been taking our Shih Tzu to Tails A Waggin for over two years.  We had tried a couple of other groomers in Henderson before and just weren't very satisfied.  At one place I came back to pick up our pooch and he was in a cage on a shelf barking like crazy, probably because he doesn't like heights.  Both places just didn't seem to really care about the job they had done or about our pet.  We have nothing but good to say about how our pet is treated and groomed at Tails A Waggin.  They do have a few small dogs who are loose in the shop but our Shih Tzu loves that.  Usually, our pet is put into a separate small cage on the floor that still allows a little interaction between the other dogs.  We've never seen any issues between dogs in the many times we have gone to Tails A Waggin.Jim or Cindy always confirm how we want our dog groomed when we drop him off.  It usually takes just a couple of hours before we get a phone call that they are finished grooming him.  Our dog loves going there and he looks so cute with the colorful handkerchief they put on him afterwards.
5	The do a wonderful job! Not overpriced like the other grooming places close by, and my baby came back looking wonderful! The groomers know what they're doing and I wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	I have been taking my female Shih Tzu Lyric. To Tails A Waggin since she was 4 mos old each time we visit Las Vegas. She is now 1 year and 8 mos old. She loves going to the groomer. Both Cindy and Jim are always warm and friendly. Their staff are very professional and patient with the animals. Each time that we enter the business it's always sparkling clean and all dogs are happy to be there. We trusted them to groom our Diva for her first photo shoot. They did an outstanding job to make her look her best. Lyric adores Jim too I wish I knew his trick to get her to lay still while watching TV, they are the best , I highly recommend them they are thee best in Henderson.
5	Tails-A-Waggin left my dogs' tails a-wagging.  I have two very furry American cockers (males.)  They are smart, sensitive practical jokers.  I can tell when they are unhappy.  They are very happy when they leave this shop.  The service is prompt and particular.  I like it.  The staff is highly professional.  My dogs and I have been treated very well.  Groom your dogs here if you (and they) like positive experiences.
1	Cindy seems stuck in her past to me!  Too bad.  I loved their shop, but just don't need the baggage of people who need to needle people over the effects of their former profession.  Get over it!  We all have to be professional and personal gossip never flys.  Always a hazard in a salon, but who would have thought dogs would ever talk!
