3	Overall the rooms were very nice, well appointed and clean.  I had an inside view of the indoor pool.  The indoor pool area does have the distinct smell of chlorine, but I believe they also have an outdoor pool.  Service was friendly and room service was pretty typical for a chain hotel.
3	We stayed at this hotel because we bought a package on Priceline and it did not disappoint.  They have these great sleep packages that they leave on the bed for you with a sleep CD and lavender linen spray.  For me customer service is all about the little things and this hotel had plenty.  The staff was friendly and helpful and went through extra measures for security sake.  It turned out the hotel was on other side of the city from where I was working for the week and where my friends that I was visiting lived, but it was worth the drive everyday.
4	I booked a room on Price Line for two nights. $80 bucks total out the door. My wife and I used the room as a recovery room after a surgery. The staff was more then welcome to help us in every way possible.  They allowed us to stay until 3pm when the norm is 11am. They brought in a small fridge to use while there also. The room was a standard sized with 2 queen beds, a TV and a desk. The room was spic and span clean, and very comfortable. You can actually purchase the bed and the bedding online. They have wired Internet in all rooms. Which I used to stay connected to work. It was not blazing fast but it did work.The indoor pool is nice but never saw anyone in it. The indoor spa was luke warm and the bubbles blow up your butt on on your back. Strange. The outdoor pool was freezing and I saw one surprised girl jump in. The outdoor spa was very hot and had zero pressure out of the jets. It was still nice to veg a little and relax the back. Much better then the hospital chair/bed!The complex was very quiet and pretty well maintained. I will stay here again if I had to.
3	I'm giving three stars because the treadmill in the fitness center did not work nor did the high speed internet in my room. But, thanks for having a sleep mask and ear plugs. My roommates were serious snorers! The lavender sheet spray was also a plus.
2	Bummer of a hotel.  Definitely not up to par with the Crowne Plaza name, and previous locations I've haunted.This place is OLD.  It used to be a Holiday Inn Holidome in the 80's.  They've remodeled the "dome", turning it into a gathering area with an indoor pool in the middle.  The first room I received faced the pool, and it was OK, but it smelled like a giant fart.  For some reason, I had no cell phone signal whatsoever.  The "high-speed" internet in this hotel is slower than dial-up, and disconnects regularly.  It's not wireless, so you have to use the 14" cord they bring to your room, limiting your computing area to the desk in the room.  I asked to be moved to an outside-facing room, as I learned that when I walked out to the parking lot, my cell phone signal magically re-appeared.  My new room had two double beds, rather than the king I had, but it smelled fart-free, and my phone worked great.  I was much happier, save for the horrible internet.  It's complimentary, so I got what I paid for.The business center had a broken laser printer, and I needed to print some documents in a hurry, so they logged me into the concierge / bell desk computer, which had an inkjet printer from 1986.  It printed 10 of the most horrible documents I've ever witnessed.  The gentleman who checked me in helped me with the printer as well, and was very accommodating (no pun intended) during my stay.  By the way, if you don't like the smell of chlorine, avoid this place, as the indoor pool in the middle of the hotel makes the entire place reek of it.I had dinner and a couple of drinks in the bar one night, and it was quite good, too.  However, I don't think I could bring myself to stay here again.
4	Booked the room for 4 nights at 39 a night on priceline.com in early February. It was very comfortable, the staff was friendly. The bathroom was clean, the location was very convenient and the bed was above average. Looked like about a 42 inch flat-screen that had a very nice picture which is huge for me, I could keep up with a few shows I watch. And I love falling asleep watching sports-center or a sitcom on low volume. I didn't check out the restaurant but heard it's nice.  The gym was just ok, with just a few treadmills and a bike and just a few free weights. For the price, which might not still be available, this hotel was a steal. I travel a lot and have paid much more $$ for less of a hotel. However the "high-speed" internet was pretty slow and you could tell the hotel is kind of old, elevators were dirty and the front lobby area was always packed, even on weekdays when i was there.
3	It's not bad.  We got our room very cheap on priceline.
3	If you get a room on the 1st floor by the indoor pool except your room to be humid, room felt like a swamp cooler, it was a nice room though it had a back door that lead out to the outside pool.  I would stay here another night, would just ask to be on a high floor to get away from the humidity. But just like the other Crowne Plaza I have stayed at the room does not come with a fridge, which still to me is crazy.
1	Very UNFRIENDLY staff. Pulled into the parking lot at 8:30 pm and was checking in on Yelp about this Crowne Plaza, when a security guard rapped upon my driverside window and asked me if I was a guest or not. I JUST pulled into the parking lot! After speaking to him, he continued to call 'it in' taking my license number and speaking to his 'hq'.' NICE way to scare off business! Not up to par with other Crowne Plazas I stay at. Spoke with the night manager at the front desk, and no butt kissing from her about the harassment (like it was standard operation procedure for them) Needless to say I'm up the road staying at a Hyatt. Congrats, for pissing me off and ruining a nice evening for me.
3	Nice hotel off Hotwire for $62 including tax. New tv, pretty quite, friendly staff, door had balcony opening to the pool area,plenty of parking and side doors close to each group of rooms. They lost one star for their atrocious new years ever 'entertainment'. Bar had LOUD obnoxious trendy club hits, the ghetto versions, not even the top 40 radio edits. No mystery why everyone was stnding outside smoking. It was also Club Fulfilled night, which is once a month, and is a group promoting size acceptance of obese people. I'm all for equality, but don't think you need to form a fat club to take over a bar to have a good time.In room coffee was pretty great btw.Also, indoor pool and 24hr fitness center (small, better than nada).They lost another star for no shampoo (2 conditioners) and black dirt stuff in the tub. Not how I likes my baths. Overall, I would stay here again, but plan on off-site entertainment.
3	This hotel isn't as bad as I had thought it would be.  The room is pretty decent.  There are plenty of parking spaces.  I love their indoor jaccuzi and heated pool.  This location of the hotel isn't as bad and it was perfect for our needs.  The only reason why I left a 3 stars:  A front desk lady (short and hispanic looking) was rude and unfriendly.  She has a bit of an attitude and came across as if she didn't like her job.  She was the first person that I saw when checking in so her last impression with me and how I related to this hotel has downgraded on what I think this hotel deserves.
3	This was definitely not my first pick, but on short notice it was the closest available hotel on my company's preferred list to the plant I'm visiting.  It's not exactly a new hotel, but the guest areas have been well maintained (I glanced in a linen closet that happened to be open -- peeling wallpaper showed a lot of neglect there).The main disappointments were the mediocre breakfast buffet and quite a bit of background noise.  It would also have been nice to have a fridge and microwave, but oh well.
2	Nice looking hotel but having a night club just across the front desk does not look good.  Little Girl: Daddy, why is that lady naked. Dad: Honey, she is just drunk and wearing a ultra short skirt."  Nope, not family friendly at all. I don't know why the owner thought a nightclub inside the lobby area was a good idea. lol
2	The place was deserted...there were maybe 15 rooms rented.  Still the front desk didn't seek to acknowledge people.  They were helpful to me, but another guest came up and said he didn't get an answer when he called room service, and he was directed to go to the lounge to order.  Didn't seem like a great response to me.  The outdoor pool and jacuzzi were dirty.  Ashtrays in the outside smoking areas were not emptied during our 3 days there.  The beds were very comfy.  The coffee for the coffee maker was not refilled.  I didn't even know there was  breakfast buffet.  It was ok for the cheap price I paid on a discount site.
3	My husband and I booked a room because we went to a dance being held at the hotel and thought it would be better than driving back home in the evening. The room was clean and comfortable. I wish we would've brought our swimsuits because both of the pools looked inviting and well maintained. I did not like that refrigerators are not included in every room and that you have to rent one if you want one. All of the staff I came into contact with were very nice and helpful. The lounge area in which the dance was held was very hot and I was not impressed with the drinks. The bartender was a little light on the alcohol and heavy on the mixers. I felt like I paid $6 for a cup of orange juice. Luckily we had alcohol in our room, so we only bought the one drink and thought it was worth it to periodically go up to the room to to have a drink. Our overall experience was good, so we would stay here again.
4	I Dig it! Got this spot on Hotwire.com and both family and I like the spot. Has Salt water indoor pool (cool temp) also has outdoor pool warmer temp. Room very comfortable. Nice LG flat screen. Pillows and beds were comfy. Our favorite steak house is near by Texas Road house. Mall and Castle & coasters. This was a spare of the moment. Family is happy and rebooked for another day. This Hotel is obviously older but has been renovated. Very happy for the price. Good bang for the buck. If your with family and kids first floor is great. If your seeking quiet and more privacy go for upper level..
4	Hotel was clean. Breakfast in the morning (cereal, eggs, sausage, bacon, waffles etc) Room was pretty big and clean. Only thing our sink kept clogging but they sent someone to fix it. Would stay again
5	Pretty good; I liked the indoor and outdoor pool/hot tub options, and the room was nice enough, especially the bathroom. The restaurant menus had mildly interesting items, compared to most hotels (on an Indian theme), but they didn't really come through on prep -- I had the butter chicken, and it was unlike any I'd had previously. The single elevator was a little annoying, and the hotel fire alarm went off at 5 am. That said, I'd stay here again; the staff was gracious and professional.
4	Went to the hotel for a seminar. The hotel seemed pretty nice, I only visited the lobby and a conference room. The conference room was set up great, they had clean glasses and water set up on every table. They seemed to accommodate the conference group very well. If my company were to ever have a conference I would suggest this hotel.
5	I had a really enjoyable stay at this hotel.  The rooms were very clean and the interior was modern. The bed was your typical nice hotel bed, so amazing.  They had great amenities that added a really special touch such as relaxation spray.  I also ate at the restaurant and had the sweetest waitress which made the meal.  The balconys that faced the pool I thought were nice features and made it a unique experience. I think this hotel would be great for couples or families who are going to castels N coasters or just staying in the area.
3	It was an okay stay. Nothing special. Room service messed up our order but management took care of it the next day. Indoor pool was nice but it did make the place smell a little weird. All in all, not bad for spring training.
4	From California, visiting family. Stayed five days with my husband and two teenage children. Room was very spacious & clean. We had the two double beds, only enough to fit one person. We only got warm water. Staff was very friendly, breakfast was good had a wide selection. Pool ix not heated and no Jacuzzi. Gave it four stars because I really enjoyed our stay the staff made our stay very comfortable and homelike. Would definitely stay again.
3	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza while a seminar which was being held at the hotel on Friday, 04/12/13.   My room, on the third floor overlooked the pool outside.  The hotel has two pools - indoor and outdoor.  This is a 2 to 3 star hotel.  Check-in was easy and quick.  The receptionist was very friendly.  The room was comfortable and clean.  The bed was very good.  I had free breakfasts during the week and weekend and it was OK.  The typical Holiday Inn fare - high calorie stuff, but the wait staff were very nice and attentive.  Overall, I will give this hotel 3 stars for cleanliness, no foul smells, comfort and convenience; it is definitely not a 4 or  star hotel.  Those ratings are over the top.  If you chose to eat somewhere else, there are plenty of fine restaurants all around.  Parking is ample and free.  Close to I-17 (half a block).  Meeting and seminar rooms were fine.  Oh, my wifi was great and very fast.  No problem connecting and the wifi receiver was in the room.This hotel is beginning to date itself, but still it's a comfortable place to stay and it isn't that expensive.  I would stay here again.
4	It was great and clean.  The bed was really comfortable and I loved the lamps with outlets on the base.  The little things are what makes a hotel great, such as the free wifi and balcony.  With any hotel with an indoor pool with the balconies, there is a bit more moisture in the air for my taste.I would have gave 5 stars if the humidity from the pool wasn't crazy and the fact I didn't know how to shut off the alarm clock at midnight when it kept going off.  Sometimes a basic alarm clock is best suited for a room.
2	Chose this hotel since I was in town visiting wife and had some hotel points to burn.  Had I done my homework I would have stayed somewhere else.  I am a top tier member of their frequent stay program.  The room we were given was nothing special.  We had a broken refrigerator outside of our room when we arrived.  The room service trays that were in the hallway when we checked in stayed there for two days.  The air conditioner barely kept the room cool enough.  The refrigerator they put in the room wouldn't cool bottled water down unless it was put in freezer.  This hotel looks and feels old.  The pools inside and out didn't appear to have been cleaned in a while.  We never ate at the hotel as there are many other places our family had planned for us to eat at.  Cost me 5k in points all in all.  Would NOT stay here again.
4	The staff was friendly and we got a great rate! The staff was very accommodating with early check in and late check out. Love the indoor pool and balconies! Enjoyed the experience!
4	Stayed here overnight on a recent stop in Phoenix. Very friendly staff. great room w/a view. ate in the restaurant. quick service, hot food.  would definitely stay again.
2	The hotel itself is nice but the rooms were so loud! Paper thin walls and loud maintenance crew really detracted from the quality of the stay.
3	This hotel has a GREAT location, it's very close to the Interstate (which is HORRIBLE for street noise if you are on the side facing the highway) but great for convenience! The hotel itself appears to be older, but it the rooms have been updated and it's VERY CLEAN! They have an indoor pool (literally in the center of the hotel with all the rooms surrounding it) and I hated that I could smell chlorine/bleach from the minute I walked inside! I'm not a fan of indoor pools so this was a negative for me.  I happen to have an extremely sensitive "sense of smell" so what bothers me, might not necessarily bother others. I will say though, the staff was very friendly and my requests for a balcony room on the top floor were both granted.  I do think they need to replace the windows/balcony doors (and/or insulate better) in the rooms facing the freeway to help with the road noise... I have stayed in hotels ON airport property (or very near) which were quieter than this property.
1	General manager, Adam Stanchina, broke contract with Econcerts Live, canceling the Arizona 420 Festival. A presenter, I flew in from Denver to discover what this jerk had done. Thousands of festival-goers were left without an event. Let him know how you feel about this: 602-331-9325.
1	Often, amenable accommodations can be soured by an incompetent staff that ruins one's stay, or potential stay. Some might say that one should not give so much weight to service, and instead ignore it and enjoy the space created by architect humans at some recent point of our species' history for the sole purpose of potential enjoyment by other humans. I think that the staff at Crowne Plaza Hotel - Phoenix should be maligned. Not merely maligned; but, summarily fired. All of those humans: fired. Staff is rude. And incompetent. And -- worst of all -- disrespectful. Fire them! Fire them all.
1	Pass....
