5	Pizza?  Still just as great as I remember it.  Sausage and pepperoni.... mmmm.  The staff is always friendly, even when I have my 2 little monsters with me.This time, when I went in, it seemed they had a house full of parents with their kids in tow.  We all sat close to one another as well.The service really shines here, the server acknowledged both of my kids, asking them directly what they wanted to drink.  My 4 year old pretended to read the menu, as did my little mimic 2 year old, and he confidently ordered Sprite, with a smile.I love it when servers know how to treat children.  I will be going back for sure.
3	Pizza doesn't thril me, but this Streets of New York is better than most. The ham and pineapple thin crust was close to perfect (but canadian bacon costs twice as much as ham??). It did suffer a bit from "underdone middle", like so many thin crusts do. Overall, a pizza I'd eat again.Along with the pizza, they gave us (and everybody else, apparently) some bread "chunks" with marinara. Each was a bite-sized piece of crust, baked and dusted with parmesan (I think). They tasted good, but I wish they had asked if we wanted it, since our basket pretty much went to waste.The interior is nicely decorated, not too cramped and not too overly filled with pictures and wall objects selected carefully by corporate marketing specialists. The waitress was patient with our inability to decide on a pizza, and she was definitely attentive to our needs throughout the meal.
1	I have rarely met a pizza that I didn't like. And after reading reviews on AZCentral, and this being close to home, I figured this would be the place. I was seriously disappointed. I don't know if I just ordered the wrong thing, but this was pretty unimpressive. So much so that, even with it being one of the closest to home, we will never eat there again. Sorry guys!
4	The food is really good and the service is great, but it is a bit pricy. Do your homework and visit their website and learn when they run their specials. It's totally worth it.
4	I'll be the first to admit that I am a little bit of a control freak when it comes to my pizza. I like what I like, and I want it how I want it. I'm not particularly daring, and I'm not looking to try some culinary wizardry on a pizza pie.  What I want when I order a pizza is a thin-crusted, doughy, cheesy grease fest.Streets of New York exceeds my expectations in spades each and every time I order.  Whether my boss decides to call in a couple of pies for an office lunch, or I have a couple delivered to my door because I got way too wild the night before, Streets will leave this un-adventurous pizza consumer fully satiated and feeling more than a little guilty.  I prefer ordering in to dining in - the service wasn't all that spectacular, though it wasn't a bad restaurant atmosphere.  Be forewarned - it typically takes a while to get a pizza delivered.  I only had one experience where the wrong order was delivered, but Streets was extremely apologetic, let me keep the wrong order, and brought me the correct order very quickly AND gave me a credit for a future order.  Great way to ensure repeat business after an error was made!
1	If you do get served (15 minutes after you seat yourself, hello?) your pizza choices are thin "New York style" or extra thin and crispy. I wanted "New York-Style" and what I got was thicker than Hungry Howie's with entirely too much cheese and the red sauce was strangely hotter than the crust and cheese - I burned my mouth, even after waiting a few minutes for it to cool down.There is no way in hell you're going to be able to hold a slice and fold it lengthwise with one hand - the crust is entirely too thick. This is NOT a New York style pizza.
2	As someone on a gluten-free diet, I was very excited to hear that Streets of New York is offering gluten-free pizza crust. If you have ever had Amy's or any other common g/f rice crust pizza, I would say stick with that.The gluten free pizza was upwards of $12 before toppings, and each additional topping was a ridiculous $2+. I'm sorry, but toppings don't cost that much even in Vegas and Disney World (two expensive places I've been to recently).I do not recommend this restaurant one iota if you are going for the g/f pizza. The frozen pizza from Fry's natural food section is just as good if not better, because it's considerably cheaper and you can buy your own toppings for the cost of just one at this restaurant.
2	We visited Streets of New York while on vacation in Phoenix.  It is a casual place.  Their menu is quite interesting and I was pleasantly surprised at their pizza.  Although not true "New York" style, it is a very thin, crisp crust. They also have a hand-tossed option, but that has no place in a "New York" pizza joint in my opinion.The meatball appetizer was very good and the pizza was great. Their menu seemed to have plenty of other options as well - like I said, great food, great pizza...just not true "New York" style.The reason for only two stars is because their service was awful.  We went on a Sunday night.  They were not busy at all.  In fact, while we were waiting 10 minutes for someone to even acknowledge us, two waitresses were busy rolling silverware into napkins and chatting.  When we were finally able to get someone to wait on us, it was clear this girl had no idea what "New York style pizza" even meant.  You'd think if that was the name of your restaurant, you might want to educate your wait staff what, in fact, that meant.  Finally, it took forever to get the check of which she had to be reminded twice.  Remember that they weren't busy.  Had they been, I might be a little more forgiving.It's a shame that they receive only two stars solely because of poor service.  But in today's world, even with great pizza, good customer service should be the norm, not the exception.
3	Pretty decent grub, if you like a 3000 calorie carb-o-load for dinner.  Huge portions, lots of bread, the whole deal.  We float in here on a Friday occasionally when we can't think of another dinner option.  The place seems nearly deserted every time, which beats standing in line someplace, and the food is adequate to keep us coming back occasionally.  2.5 stars rounded up to 3.
2	This is the Streets location closest to my house, but unfortunately it is very hit or miss. A few months ago I ordered a pizza online in the morning for this location and I went to pick it up at around 8:30pm, paid, and proceeded to sit there for about 45 minutes. I set the pizza to be picked up at 8:30.... WTF? Oh, they thought they put in my order but they didn't. Awesome. I do not know why they think I was sitting there.... In addition, I was not given any kind of discount for my trouble. So since then I have gotten take out from them a couple times which has been fairly good. Then, the BF and I went here the other day and ate in... we experienced TERRIBLE service, and I think it was one of the managers who was serving us... We were not given the complimentary bread.... then I saw that they brought out some fresh bread and I was going to ask for some, but I could not get the waitress to come over to save my life. I gave her eye contact on multiple occasions, but she was busy cleaning all the other tables and ignoring us. Finally, I asked a different waiter for some bread and it was about the same time we got our food. The waitress said that the bread just came out so.... but it didn't! I watched it come out (she put it out) at least 5 minutes earlier. We were sitting right next to it, I don't know why she would lie about that. So the pizza was good, but I had ordered a cup of soup and it was still cold... like it was for sure frozen before coming to our table. I asked for it to be warmed up, so she put it back in the microwave (yum....) and brought it out luke warm. Awesome. Now, I like streets.... this location is just not that great.
4	Good food and quick.  The hot pastrami sub was VERY good.  Service was a bit slow to come back and fill drinks but was ok.  Would go back.
4	Service is a little slow. Food is pretty good.
5	As far as chain pizza restaurants go, this one takes the cake.  My husband and I dine at this location at least twice a month and we order the same thing every time, 14 " thin crust pizza with cheese, pepperoni and mushroom (which I crave), 2 side salads with ranch and our beers of choice.  The night waiter there now recognizes us and seats us at "our table," and always remembers our drinks.  Their new menu is AWESOME, the new thin crust pizza is some of the best we've eaten anywhere!  It's super thin and cracker crispy, lots of toppings and flavor.  We can always count on Streets to be a quick in/out, tasty dinner option at the end of the day. Yum!
4	My friend and I were attracted to this place for two reasons: I love pizza. She can only eat gluten-free pizza. We were a perfect match made for the Streets of New York! ^_^* We shared a walnut pear salad and a 10" gluten-free pepperoni and jalepeno pizza, and both were super delicious! My friend commented that gluten-free pizza crust usually tastes bland, but it was very tasty here! We ordered an interesting contrast of items, but the whole meal was very good. Our waitress was very attentive and kind, which made the experience even better. :) So, stop by!
4	I like their dough-the least "chainy" tasting chain in AZ. Pricey by comparison to other places I go, and delivery is always slow. You insist on extra cheese though, and they make it so you can't barely hold up the box. Good sandwiches too, particularly the pastrami. Pastas not as good but hey, can't hit everything out of the park.
2	If you are coming to watch "the game", skip it. They have a few small tvs, but instead of having the sound on, they play a radio station. I went yesterday and it was a ghost town. The waitress was actually sitting at the bar eating bread and it appeared drinking a pint. After a while it was only us remaining. It was so quiet I almost forgot the game was on.
2	They should have some kind of taste testing before a restaurant is allowed to put New York in its name. None of the pies resemble anything that would come out of real NY oven. The thin crust I spotted at another table looked ulta thin, ala oregeno's style and the hand tossed was overloaded with cheese and i was barely able to fold the slice. We ordered some combo pie with everything so it might have been impossible either way, but still lacking in quality and true NY style. The happy hour beers and free average garlic knots were a nice touch and the waitress was great. If your feeling romantic, ask for the booth in back cause it only has one side for people to sit on and your kind of forced to sit close. THey ran out of room and that booth is what ended up chopped.
3	New York Combo.  Decent use of $20. Also the pizza warmed up and tasted okay next couple days (necessary for a bachelor :)
1	I've been using yelp as a tool for weeding out resturaunts without having made a profile for some time but the horrendous experience I had with this place today has urged me to not only sign up as a user but to even go as far as to use my real name as my user name.My girlfriend and I Live in manhattan and have been stuck here for the past 4 days due to hurricane sandy.  We decided we wanted Italian tonight and were pleased to see a "new York" themed place that actually offered calzones all the way out here in Arizona.  Upon calling we were asked the usual: name, adress, phone number, and once I explained that we were staying at the Marriott and gave the exact physical address of "200 centennial way" I was asked by the employee on the phone "which Marriott are you at" and he went on to explain there were several.  I repeated myself, "the one that is located at 200 centennial way".  He then asked me "is that the big one or the small one". Dumbfounded I explained calmly that I had no idea the size of my hotel in comparison to another one nor should he expect that I would have that knowledge as I am obviously from out of town since I am staying at a hotel!  He then had the audacity to suggest that I ask someone.... YEA SURE MAN, LEMME RUN DOWN TO THE LOBBY REAL QUICK EVENTHOUGH I JUST GAVE YOU THE EXACT ADDRESS 3 TIMES!  I became so frustrated that I just said forget it and hung up.Upon reviewing our other Italian choices in the area we decided that we were dead set on calzones and i decided to have my girflriend call back from a different number, place our order for pick-up and then hire a driver to bring me there and back.  I must admit I was driven to go this far out of my way to explain the stupidity of the person I talked to on the phone to their manager, after I had paid for and accepted my food.  Once my food was paid for I asked to speak to the manager and I explained how I was treated on the phone.  He went on to explain to me that there were  several marriotts in the area and that they would need the exact address of the hotel.  And for a second time I repeated to him, 200 centennial way.  He followed with "yes but that is near main street and there are 2 different Marriott near main street". And again, I repeated, "THAT IS NICE BUT I AM AT THE ONE THAT IS LOCATED AT THE EXACT ADDRESS OF 200 CENTENIAL WAY"..... I Seriously felt like I was talking to someone who hadn't graduated a kindergarten.  I was in disbelief.  I then asked him if it was common practice for their delivery men to use GPS and he responded yes, to which I followed "WELL THEN WHY WOULDN'T THAT ADDRESS WORK??". He then asked me to leave the store... Didn't offer me a dime back towards the driver I had to hire because of his establishments incompetence, just asked me to leave because as far as I could tell I stumped him with the common sense of an 8 year old.  Unreal..... Not to mention I wasn't given any takeaway utensils to eat our food with,  and as far as the food goes, it was awful and anyone from new York would challenge a pizza place that had the boldness to reference the region in its name..... Awful awful awful.I do not know exactly who the manager was on duty that I spoke with in person but I can tell you that he was a balding African American male, and that the name on the plaque on the outside of the door which proudly displayed a managers name said "shi" as a first name..... Don't give this place your business.  Hey mr manager you see this review and have a problem?  feel free to look me up on facebook and take it up with me there www.facebook.com/joeletzofficial .
1	mysteriously this review was taken down, so i will repost it.I've been using yelp as a tool for weeding out resturaunts without having made a profile for some time but the horrendous experience I had with this place today has urged me to not only sign up as a user but to even go as far as to use my real name as my user name.My girlfriend and I Live in manhattan and have been stuck here for the past 4 days due to hurricane sandy.  We decided we wanted Italian tonight and were pleased to see a "new York" themed place that actually offered calzones all the way out here in Arizona.  Upon calling we were asked the usual: name, adress, phone number, and once I explained that we were staying at the Marriott and gave the exact physical address of "200 centennial way" I was asked by the employee on the phone "which Marriott are you at" and he went on to explain there were several.  I repeated myself, "the one that is located at 200 centennial way".  He then asked me "is that the big one or the small one". Dumbfounded I explained calmly that I had no idea the size of my hotel in comparison to another one nor should he expect that I would have that knowledge as I am obviously from out of town since I am staying at a hotel!  He then had the audacity to suggest that I ask someone.... YEA SURE MAN, LEMME RUN DOWN TO THE LOBBY REAL QUICK EVENTHOUGH I JUST GAVE YOU THE EXACT ADDRESS 3 TIMES!  I became so frustrated that I just said forget it and hung up.Upon reviewing our other Italian choices in the area we decided that we were dead set on calzones and i decided to have my girflriend call back from a different number, place our order for pick-up and then hire a driver to bring me there and back.  I must admit I was driven to go this far out of my way to explain the stupidity of the person I talked to on the phone to their manager, after I had paid for and accepted my food.Once my food was paid for I asked to speak to the manager and I explained how I was treated on the phone.  He went on to explain to me that there were several marriotts in the area and that they would need the exact address of the hotel.  And for a second time I repeated to him, 200 centennial way.  He followed with "yes but that is near main street and there are 2 different Marriott near main street". And again, I repeated, "THAT IS NICE BUT I AM AT THE ONE THAT IS LOCATED AT THE EXACT ADDRESS OF 200 CENTENIAL WAY"..... I Seriously felt like I was talking to someone who hadn't graduated a kindergarten.  I was in disbelief.  I then asked him if it was common practice for their delivery men to use GPS and he responded yes, to which I followed "WELL THEN WHY WOULDN'T THAT ADDRESS WORK??". He then asked me to leave the store... Didn't offer me a dime back towards the driver I had to hire because of his establishments incompetence, just asked me to leave because as far as I could tell I stumped him with the common sense of an 8 year old.  Unreal..... Not to mention I wasn't given any takeaway utensils to eat our food with,  and as far as the food goes, it was awful and anyone from new York would challenge a pizza place that had the boldness to reference the region in its name..... Awful awful awful... Don't give this place your business. Hey mr manager you see this review and have a problem?  feel free to email me at joeletz@hotmail.com
5	I'm seeing a lot of bad reviews... But I love Streets of New York. The only weird thing about this location is that they have candles on the table which the pizza is usually sitting over (I think they are supposed to keep the food warm)... But none of them were lit, even ours as he set the pizza down. Ah well, it's the only pizza I ever crave and since they shut down the location close to me, I'll be back.
3	The Chicken wings were good, but their pasta had very little taste.  The sauces were like water.  The service was great but next time my wife and I will try their pizza.  I think the cook is bored in back and just throws out the dishes and needs better ingredients to work with.  Next time I'll spend my $33 on a large pizza and a large beer instead.
5	Was lucky enough to be treated to lunch here yesterday. We were in a hurry and I was super impressed with the staff. They knew my friends name and drink order and had our food delivered within 10 minutes. The food was very good(I had a salad and turkey sandwich) and the staff very polite!
4	Hubby and I were starving tonight! So we called to the "Streets" to deliver a large pizza and some BBQ chicken.  Amy answered the phone and delivered our pizza within an hour.  Best meal ever due to our empty stomachs and true because it was truly good.  I will be ordering again! However, the price was a bit high for us so it'll be awhile before I do that.
2	Got say not happy i was staying at the holiday inn here and Mesa and was in the mood  for something italian so I thought I would try it here......wrong place. The price was ok the delivery time was ok but the food completely miss the mark! I got lasagna, garlic bread, and minestrone soup. The soup had no noodles or beans and was very spice. The garlic bread was the only thing that was kinda ok but still left much to be desired. And when it comes to the lasagna.....idk what it was but it wasn't lasagna I had two bites and through it away worst ever! So  with all that said if your looking for good Italian look somewhere else.
4	Stopped in while running errands. I had the lasagna with a garden salad. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality versus the cost, which was 1.75 extra. It had a decent mixed greens with generous helpings of tomato, cucumber and black olives. The lasagna was served nice and hot and the sausage in it was flavorful. It might have been a wee bit salty but otherwise very good. Service at the bar was good as I was never without a drink, and the food came out in a timely manner. Overall I was pretty happy. I don't get over here very often but I'll definitely keep this place in mind.
3	My husband and I just had the best experience a couple days ago at Streets of New York in Mesa.. We ordered the specialty pizza and absolutely loved it! But even better - our server, Craig, was outstanding. We can't say enough about his professionalism and ability to make our meal one to remember. We came back another day and the experience wasn't the same - different meal (Broaster Chicken) and different server.There was some mix-up in our order which involved a long delay. Craig happened to spot us and came to our rescue. He immediately took charge and rectified the situation. Bottom line - Pizza was great; chicken was so-so; Craig was outstanding. Ask for Craig when you go. You will never be disappointed!
4	As a lover of Italian food and an even bigger lover of not leaving my house, I decided to give this place a try! As a first impression, I think it went pretty well, and I'm looking forward to my next experience with this place. I ordered the Lasagna and an order of mozzarella sticks. My review:Menu/Ease of Ordering: 5/5 Used GrubHub and everything went pretty well. They have a pretty large variety of options here also, which is always appreciated.Delivery: 4/5 I ordered at around 7:40PM and I had an estimated time of 8:40-8:50, which is pretty standard for a delivery place. I received my order at around 8:30PM, so a little ahead of schedule. The food was nice and warm still, which is sometimes hard to do with pasta dishes. The lasagna came in a nice foil container, helping retain the heat, the stix in the standard styrofoam container. My only complaint was that some of the sauce from the lasagna leaked out onto the plastic bag and then the styrofoam from the sticks and the napkins they included. Mildly annoying, but forgivable. Lasagna: 4/5 Pretty decent lasagna. I've had better, I've had worse. This lasagna has quite the variety of meats: sausage, beef meatballs, and ham. I've never had ham in lasagna before, but I honestly couldn't taste it in particular in this dish. I'm not a fan of sausage, and it was quite flavorful here. Which, if you're a fan of, I'm sure you'd love. The meatballs tasted nice. Quite cheesy with a decent amount of extra sauce. I don't know if I'd order this again, but it quelled my craving for lasagna.Mozzarella Sticks: 3/5 Eh, these were just okay. They gave you an ample amount of them, but they just weren't all that great. 7 or 8 sticks and some marinara. They clearly tasted frozen and didn't have too much flavor to them. I will not order these again. All in all, a pretty decent experience.
5	I have been to this place now a few times and each time , I've had great service and when something wasn't great, they fixed it immediately. I know folks make mistakes but as long as you make it better then I am cool :) The food is excellent and I will go back :) Thank you :)
2	Good Pizza.But where in the hell in NY does a person get a pizza cut in squares??"Streets of New York" - really?You'd be run off the streets of NY for cutting a pie into squares.Dumbest thing EVER.
5	Very good food and great service,the wait staff are great! My friend and I come here every Saturday for wings,pizza & beer, we love it here!
3	Alright - because the pizza was good I'll bump the rating.  But please train people to ask about the desired cut of the pizza regardless of the thickness of the crust.  Getting the pizza home only find that it's been purposely demolished was a real let down.  The person taking the order could issue a warning something like "we can cut this normally like you'd get on the streets of NY, or we can destroy it into unmanageable squares with hot cheese and sauce oozing off of it on all four sides" would be perfect.  All parties -- aware and in the loop.
4	Probably one of the best "Happy Hour" menus I have found.  Great food and good prices on wine and appetizers.  Try the garlic toast and the artichoke dip...Both are great!
5	Chicken is to die for! On a recommendation from a friend we came here. Wasn't expecting anything special. Boy was I wrong. Pizza was very good, we got the New York Combo, thin & crispy crust. Waiter was on his game & very friendly. Wish there was one of these places in So Cal.
5	The Ultimate New York Cheese Steak Baked Sub Sandwich is to DIE for. Like, seriously. It's a bit pricey ($10) and delivery takes a long time sometimes (1hr+), but soooo worth it.
5	Great pizza and wings  and  as always great service.The perfect fix for a Friday night.
1	Very unsatisfied. After several comments and notes given- they failed to deliver my roommates and my food at the same time. Both orders of food were room temperature and therefore soggy. No napkins or utensils were given to us. Waste of $40- completely.
2	We ordered take-out from here. I always have great things to say about their customer service. They are the nicest, most accommodating people, but I don't have such great things to say about their food. Here are the things I've had from there in the past month and how I feel:Chicken Parm - Don't do it. You're better off making it at home. The sauce is bland and the chicken is dry.Margherita Pizza - It's doesn't taste bad! It definitely doesn't taste like a margherita pizza though. Wings - Their honey hot sauce is a favorite among my friends. I enjoy their suicide sauce. It's called "suicide" sauce for a reason, so if you're not a spicy food eater, don't do it. Order boneless because their bone-in wings are soggy.Garlic cheese bread - Again, you can literally through cheese and garlic on toast and make this at home. Overall, their pizza does its job! I guess I don't really discriminate when it comes to pizzas. All sizes, toppings and types work for me.
1	Horrible customer service. I tried to place an order, giving them a chance after their last fuck up, but I find out they don't even deliver between 1400-1600. When I called to place an order the man on the phone was very rude and condescending while informing me of this, will never order from this place again! STAY AWAY!
