4	This place is pretty good.  The cakes and cookies are pretty scrumptious.  I don't know if I've ever had anything else but a few different cakes from here, but it's a great place to go.  They even have sugar free stuff.  I've never had any, but from the stuff they make with sugar, I think it would be pretty decent.
5	I cant seem to go any where else for special occassion cakes . The owner's name is also Laura, no its not me but they are a great family owned little place. Lunches are pretty good I have found for best selection of pastries and cookies is early in the a.m. go figure! There service is excellent I heart them. I will add my cake pics, they do an awesome job.
5	Very very impressed!!!I had my first taste of Baker Wee deliciousness last night!  My friend was hosting another friends birthday at a restaurant and wanted to bring a cake.  We had talked about my yelp findings and I had suggested Baker Wee since we live pretty close.  My girlfriend gave them a call and discussed her friends interest in pool and the bakers came up with an amazing cake that was the shape of one huge 8 ball!  The best part about the whole thing was that the 8 ball was actually a bunch of cupcakes put together in a circle with a gigantic layer of frosting!  Mmmm!!  The creation was almost too delicious to eat.  I was very impressed with how innovative and flexible they were to my friends request for a unique birthday creation.  Taste:I split my cupcake with a friend and really enjoyed the frosting but the actual cake portion seemed a bit dry. Why 5 stars then?  The cupcake/cake design was unreal and the birthday boy absolutely loved it!  If I need a cake in the future, I will for sure talk to the bakers at Baker Wee
2	I like this place..cute and neighborly. The food was also tasty and the owners/employees were very friendly and helpful. The problem was that the owner/proprietor/manager couldn't make a chai latte to save her life. (They were on the menu, so it's not like I made a special order). It took her a good 20-30 minutes of me standing there for her to track down the ingredients in the cupboards, then concoct the thing. She was very apologetic, but it was still a bit inconvenient and odd considering it was a coffee shop.Nevertheless, I'm certainly willing give it a second chance, especially since I haven't tried the food yet...
4	Very friendly and helpful staff. Nice selection of baked goods, from cookies to decadent cupcakes. They also make custom cakes. Just saw one of the Red Hats Ladies leaving the store the other day. And they are open early.
3	I am going to join the not impressed minority on this one. Nice people, good selection, but their cake isn't much more than what you get at Basha's and it is a whole lot more. I priced them for wedding cake and they are some of the more expensive places on the west side. If you want a really special cake with a million details and cost is not a thing, go here. If you are looking for a good cake that won't burn a whole in your pocket- look someplace else.And just to clarify- I have had their cake at several functions and as I mentioned- not much better than Bashas.
4	You know what? I wasn't crazy about the coffee, but I wanted a latte and they don't have latte's (I don't think they had an espresso machine).  They did make me a blended iced mocha drink and honestly, it was pretty good.  Here's the scoop:  I had their black and white cookie. One word D-E-L-I-S-H.   It was thinnner than I'm used to but the cake was SO fresh and the frosting! NOM NOM NOM. I SAyYGOD DAMN! AMEN!I'll be back. (for the black... and white! booyah!)
3	I live in the neighborhood, and have gone here for birthday cakes, donuts for the office, breakfast sandwiches and the black and white cookies. Everything has been pretty decent, and the people that work here are super nice. My boyfriend absolutely adored the cake I got him from here. It was a little pricey, but it made him really happy (he's a chocolate freak) - so it was worth it.Overall it's a place I'll keep going when I have that "I need a baked good" fix. :)
5	On our way home, hubby noticed baker Wee and suggest we pop in. After searching for the perfect desert, we decided on the pineapple upside down cake. It was 9.99 worth of gooey deliciousness. Although it was very deep for a pineapple upside down cake, the cake was moist and fluffy. The topping oozed down the sides and soaked into the cake for a sinfully sweet bite. Amazing!!!I know I am basing 5 stars on one cake but it was to die for and the girl behind the counter was super helpful and friendly. I should just confess now....we bough the cake yesterday and it is already gone. Yep. Two people, one cake....it was that good.
4	Me and a coworker were traveling in the area and decided to drop in for lunch. We wanted a sandwich and debated whether or not to go here or Blimpies. We both has sandwiches which were decent, nothing outstanding. What makes this four stars in the bakery!!! We decided to share a carrot cake large cupcake, sooo AMAZING!! There were so many desserts to choose from! I will definitely be back if I'm in the area.
4	I have not had lunch here nor have I had the cake here but what I did have was the eclairs. Eclairs are my favorite. These are the best and they are so big its unreal. The chocolate is really thick on top and they are overloaded with filling. These don't have you typical custard filling its more whip cream like actually. Normally I would have a problem with that cause I love the custard filling but this filling is really good. These eclair's are crisp just on the outside and nice and soft in the middle. They don't fall apart like other eclairs in fact mine stayed together till the very last bite. The eclairs are abut $3.50 each. I also have tried some of the cookies they have and all were good. They also make sandwiches, fresh bread, cakes, and other pastries.
5	I can't buy cakes anywhere else since first dining on the cakes at Baker Wee. Nor can I eat any other doughnuts. Everything's too delicious. I'm actually picking up a cake tomorrow and am dreading trying to avoid buying brownies or eclaires. True statement.
4	We wanted to have a tres leches cake for our Baptism party and considered ordering from the local mexican bakeries, but after hearing some good reviews on Baker Wee and knowing they were close to our home, we decided to give them a try! When I called to order the cake, the guy answering the phone was nice and helpful, though he wasn't sure if they could make a tres leches cake, so he had to put the phone down a few times to ask the baker in the back some questions for me. I asked for a simple design and greeting for the cake and asked that we could pick it up at a certain time. The day the cake was to be ready, we called an hour prior to the time I designated it to be picked up to see if we could get it a little early. They said it wasn't ready yet. No biggie. We thought we would try. When my husband picked up the cake, he texted me and said "It looks great!" When we served it at the party, the cake was incredibly moist, but not drippy wet like some tres leches cakes I have seen. I wish I had asked to have some strawberries in it (Or was asked if we wanted that). But, it was great and everyone at the party loved it. With the experience we had, I'll definitely consider ordering from Baker Wee again.
4	Had time before work the other day and happened to be in area so I stopped in.  Got a sandwich for lunch and it was very tasty.  Came with pickle spear and cookie.  The smell of the baked goods called my name so I had to check out the display cases.  Yum, yum!  The black and white cookie is the best I've tasted so far and the eclair was to die for.  I bought a couple of iced butterfly cookies and gave to a co-worker who thanked me several times.Will definitely go back when in the area.  Enjoy!
3	Stopped here last week as I was in the mood for an eclair and other Yelp reviews stated this place had good eclairs.    I, however, did not care for the eclair here.  Mine was dry and hard.   The filling is more of a whip cream rather than a custard.   The other items we had were oatmeal cookie, cannoli and carrot cupcake.   All were average at best.  Nothing memorable.  If you like eclairs I recommend trying the Safeway at 39th Ave and Happy Valley Rd.   The eclairs at this location are FANTASTIC.   They are filled with custard and the chocolate topping and eclair pastry are heavenly.  You get two good sized eclairs for $2.79.   I'm addicted to them.
3	After a hair cut, we decided to get some non-Starbucks coffee. The sign says "bakery and coffee" but they do not sell espresso drinks, just plain coffee with a selection of creamers and sugars. The coffee wasn't bad though so no complaints. We also tried the mint brownie, mini canoli, and pumpkin donut. I didn't have any of the brownie but the canoli and donut were both a little dry. Not bad in taste though. It's a cute little family owned shop but I wouldn't go out of my way to get here.
4	Discovered this bakery through Groupon.  I purchased a dozen brownies...excuse me, a dozen DELICIOUS, YUMMY, SCRUMPTIOUS brownies!  I also tried a chocolate dipped strawberry and my husband bought a lemon pound cake.  This place is a bit out my way but I will take the time to go back again.  Special thanks to Tyler who gave us great service!
5	This is such a great bakery! I purchased a King's Cake for a Mardi Gras party and it was awesome. They were also able to make the cake for me with less than a 48 hr notice. How amazing is that!?! Take a look at the pic I took of it and posted it to the business site on yelp. It was super cute. And not to mention so tasty. They also have a great selection of muffins, donuts, and cookies. And don't leave without trying one of their macaroons! They are orgasmic!!! What's not to love about the Baker Wee? I agree, nothing!
4	Yes the Baker wee! I do love their breakfast sandwiches and coffee! If you are in the area go get a croissant sandwich with ham and cheese. Man o boy is it good! Plus Their name is funny! Great B-day cakes and stuff like that too!
5	Love Baker Wee!  They did a fantastic job on our wedding cake.  The delivery was on time and the cake was delicious.  They even offer an anniversary cake for the one year anniversary.  We were not able to take them up on the offer because we moved.  I miss their yummy desserts!
5	Baker Wee is awesome. A couple years ago, my husband's one birthday wish was for a birthday cake. Simple enough, you'd think, but he was diabetic and it was a task to locate and choose a bakery that makes custom sugar-free cakes. I'm sure glad I found Baker Wee! The cake was good, but had that sugar-free taste (which was fine and kind of expected). I've returned a couple times and each cake has been just as good. The last time I picked up a cake, they asked me how much I was quoted when I placed the order. I wasn't quoted a price and told him so. He only charged me $25 for a cake that should have cost more according to their price list!
5	Luv it  Luv it Luv it!! I will be back... great taste and excellent design. :)
4	I recently had a sugar free cherry pie delivered as a surprise for a diabetic friend of mine. Placing the order was a breeze and the service friendly. The delivery fee was high at $25 and cost more than the pie itself but I needed a last minute birthday gift. It turned out I gave them the wrong address and the delivery guy couldn't find the place. They called the recipient, got directions and re-delivered the pie. The pie was a big hit. It was so fresh it cracked open when cutting into it. She said it was so delicious and filling she had it for lunch.I simply love that they offer a variety of sugar free cakes and pastries. More places should.
4	Great brownies.....awesome muffins.....good coffee.....friendly service. The muffins are 2.25 and everything else is under 2 bucks for a single serving.....including the coffee which has free refills. It is definitely worth the drive even if it is out of your way.....because even the cakes they make there are affordable. The day we visited someone ordered a sponge bob cake.....and 50th birthday cake shaped like a castle....and someone even ordered a lavish wedding cake....and none were over 60 bucks....that is an awesome price. Now I know you can get cake cheaper at a local grocery store....costco....and sam's club...but they won't make these types of cakes and they won't be as good. So if you looking for something sweet to satisfy that sweet tooth head down to Baker Weeeeeee.....Eat, Drink and be Merrrrryyyyyy....my Friends!!!!
5	L E G I T .Legit is my own personal designation for a business that does thing the right, most perfect way. Baker Wee is completely and totally one of these places.My sister-in-law first introduced me to their delicious wares... The cake I first tasted had to be a few days old by the time it got to me, and it was still fantastic. Then my nephew requested his birthday came be from Baker Wee, but we were gonna be outta town... Finally, my wife requested something tasty from Baker Wee for her birthday, and I was in charge of ordering it so I got to experience the FULL EFFECT.Baker Wee is an old-school bakery, but they utilize new school techniques as well. For example, for my wife's Friday Night Lights birthday cake could have had goal posts made of fondant, but instead they used the tried and true pipe cleaner route, which made it that much better, and nostalgic. They have these binders that serve as their portfolio that are chock full of all the awesome stuff they've made through the years. The staff is beyond courteous and super helpful, and they know which of their employees to assign to your project with their respective, particular expertise.When we walked up to the refrigerator case my wife's eyes teared up; she was so happy! The cake (double chocolate with whipped frosting, made up to look like a football field, with "Clear Eyes, Full Hearts, Can't Lose" on the base) was PHENOMENAL. it was so fresh and moist, sweet but not overpowering. Definitely some of the best cake I've ever had the pleasure of tasting. Plus, it was HUGE, like a 3 layer block of cake that would serve 35 people, and it was under $50! It's 5 days since the party and we are still chiseling away at the leftovers... it's gonna be real sad to have to throw it out.If you need a cake made for a special occasion, or just want some delicious brownies, or cookies, or even donuts then you simply MUST check this place out.
4	I've never been here, but my coworkers keep bringing this stuff into the office. It's great stuff! The cookies aren't too soft or too hard, and packed with flavor. The brownies...oh my, they're the best brownies I've ever had! They're so dense and full of cocoa, and the frosting on top augments the flavor without adding too much sugar.And that's what I like about this place the most...I love baked goods, but a lot of them are too sweet for my taste. Baker Wee seems to focus on a quality product that tastes just as delicious as it looks.
5	Baker Wee provides Phoenix with the comforting, sweet, and scrumptious bits of heaven you expect from a small bakery. The chocolate covered strawberries are unbelievably juicy and rich. We have also ordered our wedding cake with Baker Wee, and I can't wait to stuff my face with it later this year!!!
5	Awesome Brownies!!
5	Lora at Baker Wee made my dream wedding cake; I provided her with a picture and she created an exact replica. Words cannot express how excited I STILL feel about my incredible cake, and how grateful I am for Lora's dedication to perfection in appearance and taste (my gluten-free Aunt ate TWO pieces of it, not because it was gluten-free but because it was that delicious!).  While it's hard for me to stop raving about the cake that took my breath away, I must say the personalized service and attention I received from Lora and her staff at Baker Wee was just as amazing. I am so grateful that this small, locally owned and operated bakery was available to provide my wedding cake. They even went the extra mile and delivered the cake to my caterer the early morning of my wedding.  And if all this perfection were not enough, it was *incredibly* affordable too. I'm so glad I wasn't drawn in my the supposedly fancy and overpriced wedding cake bakeries because Baker Wee exceeded my wildest expectations for a fraction of the cost! A million thanks Lora!
1	I ordered a birthday cake with vanilla butter cream icing and white cake. When I picked it up it was decorated nicely, however after trying the cake the icing had no vanilla flavor at all it tasted like Crisco and sugar and the cake was dry. I will not be going back here.
5	I ordered a Banana cake with butter cream frosting for a birthday in December. It was wonderful.  It was decorated with Poinsettia's and little sugar candy cane decorations on it. The cake had a great flavor and texture.  The frosting was more than enough and was very flavorful.My family has found a new bakery in town!
4	A bit on the ghetto side of coffee shops, this bakery is a local treasure. Nice employees, good prices, and enjoyable breakfast items.
5	Incredible. Best cake I've ever eaten. Incredible attention to my unique patterns and design. Extremely moist that you couldn't get enough.  I was married in October 2011. The venue gave me 2 choices of bakeries I could use that are included in the package deal I paid for. One was a fancy schmancy bakery with a french name, many impressive flavors (at least that was on their on-line menu), and just all around looked like a fancy bakery. The other was Baker Wee. First, I don't care for cake. I went to both bakeries and was SO impressed with Baker Wee and very disappointed in the fancy bakery. The fancy bakery lied about all the flavors they carried and REFUSED to let us taste the flavors we were interested in. They brought out the 4 most popular flavors of cake recommended by other people that we had 0 interest in. Really? They would also only do 2 lines of filling in each tier. They also had an upcharge for design, # of guests, and size. They refused to make a small 3rd tier for the top of the cake based on my # of guests and wanted to charge me a fortune for it. This fancy bakery nickeled and dimed us, were late with our appointment, and we couldn't even taste the flavors we wanted. We then went to Baker Wee. Awesome! We made 2 tasting appointments with the owner, Laura. We got to taste all flavors. The cake was very very good. They had numerous fillings to choose from and they also did 3 lines of filling in each tier, not 2 like the other bakery. Laura agreed to make the top 3rd tier for FREE, and even though we were just under the guest count we gave her, she didn't charge me at all for extra cake. We chose an incredible red velvet cake with 3 lines of filling for the two big tiers. 2 lines were raspberry cream mousse and the other line was a white chocolate cream mousse. Outstanding. The smaller top tier was a chocolate cake with fudge filling and 2 lines of white chocolate cream mousse. Great! My design was very unique and difficult. Each tier was different. The overall theme was black, burgundy, and silver. This was not a standard wedding cake by any means.  I had unique, detailed patterns on each tier. She even added extra touches for free like sparkle dust and a fondant ribbon with our initials. When I saw this cake done at my venue, it was amazing. It looked exactly like my picture. It had incredible detail. It was butter cream on the outside, but was so well done, it looked like fondant. When we ate the cake, it was by far the best cake I have ever had. It was super moist and exceeded the taste testing. This cake was so good, you just couldn't stop eating it. Baker Wee exceeded all of our expectations. They didn't charge for the extra tier like all other bakeries would. It was the most moist, delicious cake I've ever had.
3	Until recently I would have given this place five stars. However, the last few times I've gone there they didn't have what I needed and what I ended up with wasn't that good. My last experience I needed a chocolate cake with whipped topping. Even though I ordered if four days in advance, they said they couldn't do the whipped topping. I had to have a pre-made chocolate cake with chocolate frosting. Bummer. I should have made the cake myself. It would have been better and not cost me $30.
5	"$1.50 cheaper per dozen for the same exact cookies you could buy at the NY Bakery next to Brunk's Auction on Grand Avenue on the West side.  Excellent cookies, excellent service.  I will be returning here!  Yes, I will.  I need a little more cellulite on my thighs I guess...PLUS, last time I was there with my son--who someday will be getting married (fingers crossed)--I looked at cakes in general.  Their prices for the same wonderful tasting cakes you get anywhere is sooooo much cheaper it was surprising.  If I need anything from a cake to cookies, this is the place I am getting it from.
5	I called Bakery Wee to order a cake for my daughter who is an actress at the Arizona Broadway Theater.  I live  in NYC and I called them from NYC and asked them to make a special cake for her 25th birthday.  The cake arrived on time and my daughter could not stop crying...her cake was so beautiful and everything I  ordered!!!  Thank you sooooo much to bakery wee for doing everything I asked for...I was so far away and wanted my daughter's birthday to be so special and you did the joy by far better than any NY city bakery could have ever done!!!  Thank you so much for making my daughter's Birthday so special...while I was so far away!!!!
5	Came in with a Groupon, otherwise, I'd never have found this place--and what a find it is!  Prices are excellent, quality is excellent, service is excellent.I'd suggest you use Baker Wee for alot of your cookie buying.  I know I am.  I love this place!!!!By the way, I have been in there two times near holidays, and they do some really cute cookies each holiday..cool!
3	Not very many varieties of cupcakes available but the red velvet was very moist
5	We had Baker Wee make sugar free cupcakes for a job fair for our business and they used our business logo on the top of the cupcakes. Not only did they look amazing but they tasted amazing. Would definitely recommend them and will use them again.
4	Found this place one day while looking for a place to get something sweet for breakfast.  Everything was fresh and tasted good.  Prices were comparable to other donut shops I have been to.
5	This is by the far the best bakery in Phoenix! I've been going to Baker Wee for years and my crazy cake ideas have been over-the-top year after year. They always have so much patience with my tedious details, and everything comes out perfect in the end. I've put in orders for baby shower cakes, birthday cakes, and wedding cakes... and not just your normal cakes, either! I wish I could post pictures of how the cakes turn out in the end... absolutely fabulous. Well, for example, it was my best friend's birthday and I wanted a Christian Louboutin shoebox cake, with a doll-like figure on top that looks exactly like my best friend, with shoe boxes and tiny vodka bottles (lol) and my God, it was incredible when they brought it out. I absolutely love this place - 10 stars if I could!
1	My husband and I ordered our wedding cake here. We saw this beautiful white 3 tiered pyramid shaped cake in a then really big Julia Robert's movie and really wanted that one. We went in to Baker Wee to see if they could make it. The owners were not there and we were told by the manager lady we spoke to that she will be the one making the cake anyway. She saw the movie too and knew exactly what cake we were asking for. We even made a 2D drawing of it, she wrote down her notes and took the order. She said she will rent the movie so she can take one more look at it before she makes it. Fast forward to our wedding day....we arrived at the restaurant where our dinner reception was and for the first time we got to see our cake. WOW! We almost fainted. I should include pictures because there's just no way to describe how ugly it was. The original agreement in size was a 12" x 12" square and 10-12" tall, like I said pyramid. We got an 8" square base, next layer 6" base and the top layer 4" base and the whole cake was 2 feet tall! It looked like a Chinese pagoda. The layers were on 4" tall sticks. And the best part: it was airbrushed with brown color like marble and had brown 1/2" diameter ball on the top.. -   Turned out, the owner (who has never seen the movie - or apparently a pyramid before ) ended up making the cake, never called us or the manager lady with questions, just tried to figure it out from the her notes. This was her understanding of it.  We were so embarrassed all night, everyone kept asking what the cake was supposed to be? We just kept saying: a snow white pyramid. Next morning we drove down to the bakery, furious. She said she will not refund the $300 we spent on it because she worked on it all day and she did her best. She said she was sorry and we can have a basic cake ($30 value) for free. We did get that cake a few week later for a birthday and never ever returned to Baker Wee again. It's very sad how greatly it impacted our special day. We should have demanded a refund but we gave up on the arguing back and fourth - it didn't change anything. After all we didn't want the money, we wanted the cake. So anyway, I would not recommend them if they were the last bakery, I  would rather make a homemade cake. I also wish there was a way to choose 0 stars on this on.
5	I love the Baker Wee! We moved to this area and decided to try it out for a couple cupcakes. We walked in and could not believe the amazing selection. We were a little overwhelmed, but one of their employees stepped in and explained EVERYTHING to us and even let us try a couple cookies. She was incredibly nice and helpful. We didn't even get any cupcakes. We got a few thumbprint cookies, chocolate covered strawberries, a cream horn (oh my god!) and a dream cake. We had desserts for a few days and had people over just to share with us. Everything was incredible. We have gone back at least 4 times just for the thumbprint cookies. Those things are dangerous! My only complaint is they have very strange hours.
3	A-OK bakery.  Not overly impressed but not disappointed either.  Service was pleasant and the selection decent, just not stellar.  I'd go when in the area again but won't go out of my way or anything.
5	This is a cozy little place for meeting.  My sister and I had a quick cup of coffee and split one of their generous apple turnovers.  It was the perfect pick me up treat to get through the late morning.  The service was excellent and the food and coffee were perfect.  In addition to the sweets and cakes on display, they have a table with an entire portfolio of notebooks that demonstrate their artistic competence in cake-making for any occasion.  We were not disappointed at all - go support this wonderful bakery!!
4	When I am having a sugar craving after busting out a gargantuan trail run, I hit this place up. Muffins, cupcakes, all sorts of gluttony inducing items.
5	5 cakes and a year later... this is still, hands down, the most amazing bakery in Phoenix. They have surprised me every single time - each cake has been absolutely flawless. I always receive compliments on how beautiful they look and how delicious they are. I'm pretty sure my entire family and group of friends all order their cakes from Baker Wee now. Check out the pictures! :D
5	I tried out this bakery for the first time last week. I was in a bind because I wanted a custom cake for my daughter's birthday party and the woman who has done our cakes for us in the past was out of town. I needed a Super Mario Bros. cake with a Princess Daisy crown on the top. I ordered chocolate cake with a chocolate fudge between the layers. After discussing what I wanted with the employee,  she put the owner on the phone and I explained it to her. I found a photo of a cake I liked and asked if she could do that and to also create a Princess Daisy crown on the top. I emailed them photos of the cake and of Princess Daisy so they could copy the crown. Let me tell you... the cake turned out beautifully! AND it was delicious, fresh and moist. My daughter and her friends loved it Also, the price of this custom cake was considerably less than what I have paid in the past using someone else. I will definitely be using Baker Wee again.
5	I was in a time crunch and had to order a cake for next day delivery. They not only delivered it within 24 hours, but the cake was beautiful! My friend sent me a picture of it and it was exactly what I wanted! The staff was very friendly and helpful. I will definitely use them again!
5	Hosted a baby shower this past weekend, and a friend offered to bring the cake.  She asked for suggestions on the cake and bakeries, and I've ordered a few cakes from them, and my daughter wedding cake was done by them, so I thought the baby shower cake would be good as well.  It was better than good, it was awesome!!!  They matched the picture that my friend brought in exactly, and the cake and frosting were the best I've ever had!  Will definitely be ordering more cakes from them!
5	The people who works in there were so friendly. The applepie squares is a must to buy when you guys go to this place.
5	I've been to this shop twice.  Today, I brought home an apple turnover to my husband, who is very difficult to please as far as pastries go.  He says the turnover was one of the best he'd ever had - tasted like it was made within the hour.  The muffins got his approval too and not overly greasy.  My turnover was also great and I've had a few other items from here.  I love pastries and these do not disappoint.I also really like the atmosphere and the feel that you are visiting a family owned bakery.  As another reviewer pointed out you aren't going to get anything other than drip coffee here, but I don't go for fancy coffee.  Regular coffee goes just fine with their treats.
5	Bought a cake for our outdoor Sept. Wedding!  Staff was super friendly and helpful.  The cake was beautiful and so so delicious.  Thank you Baker Wee!
5	I was referred to this bakery for my wedding cake by a friend who gets all her bakery needs here.  I have to admit I was a lil put off by the looks of the shop since it's not in a brand new building and all fancy and decorated with wedding cakes, etc.  We did a tasting and I remember thinking the cake itself seemed a lil dry, but I went ahead and decided to go with them.  They didn't ask for a deposit or any money for that matter until about a week before the actual wedding day.  This gave me plenty of time to look around for other options.  I went to one other tasting in a bakery that caters specifically to wedding cakes....my mistake!  I decided to go ahead and stop stressing and trust that Baker Wee could handle the job.  My cake was to have 3 layers all with an intricate lace looking design, I even provided a picture.  Compared to the quote given to me by the other bakery they were a steal!  I was able to add the 3rd layer and still be under the other quote!  I was mainly worried they wouldn't be able to pull it off artistically.  Boy was I wrong!  It looked exactly how I wanted and tasted great!  The cake was moist & the butter cream icing was to die for!  All the employees were very friendly and helpful and when I went days prior to the wedding to pay in full for the cake they gave my daughters two very large cookies on the house!  I appreciate all their hard work and creativity ( the other baker wanted to use fake edible lace!? WTH? )  I will most definitely be back in the future to see what kind of cakes and other yummy edibles they can create for me!
3	I don't know why I keep going to this place. This is probably the eighth time they got my order wrong. This time I requested a cake iced in whipped topping. Instead I got buttercream. And their buttercream doesn't even taste that good anymore. I need to find another bakery or do my own baking. Baker Wee just doesn't care about quality the way they used to. It's a shame.
5	My daughter has been raving about this bakery for over a year, but, well, I am the kind of person who would normally just order the cakes from Costco or Wal-Mart... you know, cheap, but edible.  Well, my son's birthday was coming up, and I wanted a special cake for a special kid.  He love Jake (and the Neverland Pirates), and I've looked at other places but couldn't find anyone who could do this particular cake.  My daughter once again said "Baker Wee!"  So, we decided to try it... and all I can say is WOW! The cake was SO far beyond my expectations I can't even tell you! We ordered a 1/4 sheet cake, which is even more than we needed, but I never even considered a smaller cake.  I did bring in my own plastic figurines, but they did way more than just 'plop' them on the cake.  It was done to perfection... and was a fantastic surprise for my son!  Everything on this gorgeous piece of work was edible except the figures I brought in and some little landscape plastic they added... there was an edible 'map', there was crushed graham cracker crust for sand (brilliant!) and even white chocolate molded seashells, as well as marshmallows for rocks... I will try to figure out how to post a picture of this masterpiece, because it really does need to be seen to be believed! But I will say, the cake was wonderful, beautifully decorated, done exactly as I wanted (with whipped topping instead of buttercream) and not nearly as expensive as I would have thought.  Yes, other places would have been cheaper, but they would not have had nearly the attention to detail that Baker Wee had done.  Thank you, Baker Wee... you truly made my son's birthday cake a HIT with all of us!
5	This review is for the great service! Haven't yet tasted cake, or seen how cute it's going to be, so 2nd review to follow.We live in California and are headed to AZ to celebrate our sons 21st birthday, he's living with grandparents. Anyway, fell in love with the name of the bakery, so I called to see if they could make the cake we were looking for the very nice lady on the phone said sure, send us some pictures. I sat on it for a few days and then sent an email and pictures. Now it's short notice. The owner called me and said she would make it happen. Both ladies I spoke to were super friendly and I felt like they really cared and were willing to go above and beyond to take care of their customer. I can't wait to try the cake...
5	AMAZING!  Great baked goods made from such a great staff that goes above expectations. I needed a sugar free cake for a surprise birthday party that we were having while camping. They were willing to come in early so we could pick up our cake slightly early.
5	Bakery Wee created our baby shower cake, which was amazing!!!!  The taste was just as great as the looks!!!  Hoping to get our sons birthday cake done as well!!
5	I ran over here in need of a birthday cake for my dad. I don't think I will ever look anywhere else and will always recommend this place. The people are as great as the cakes are delicious!
4	I ordered my wedding cake through Baker Wee. The cake was delicious, it looked gorgeous. It was a perfect cake but when it was delivered, our florist said there was a hole on the side of the cake so they had to take the flowers and move them to over the hole. I didn't notice anything looking at it from the front but once I saw the back I was able to see where the hole was. That's why I gave a 4 star eating BUT overall, I was pleased with the taste and the way it came out. Exactly how I wanted(other than the hole) I will definitely recommend them. My husband is very picky on cakes, and he loved the way it tasted also
4	Good pastries, Good cakes, Good Coffee, Good Bagels, Good Cookies. On this occasion we had A cheese danish and an elephant ear pastry (flattened dough with cinnamon and sugar). What else could anyone ask for from a bakery?
5	Best tasting cake I have ever had from a bakery! My mom went here for my law school graduation cake and it turned out amazing. The staff made sure it was what we ordered! I highly recommend this bakery!
