4	this is a pretty cool place.  they have a huge selection at great prices.  i have been in there to buy pieces of carpet, rugs, foam pads for camping and other items.  they also bind carpet edges for floor rugs which is much cheaper than buying an actual rug.
4	This place was recommended by our seamstress guy... Had to get some foam for our dinette benches and back bed of a camper we are restoring. Best prices in town on foam, and the service was excellent, sales Gal was very knowledgeable and extremely helpful. Decided to get marine vinyl somewhere else for much cheaper (Jo Ann's, with 40% off coupon), but other than that, great place!
4	Uh... wow.  If I ever decide to go Martha Stewart beserk and upholster furniture or make my own drapes, I would come here.Meanwhile this place was a suggestion from a flooring store.  I swung by to purchase a linoleum remnant (sold out back) to put under our new puppy's pen.
5	I have done business with this company both for residential and for our businesses for about 30 years. They are absolutely top notch!  Very competitive prices but top quality!
3	Huge selection of home decor fabrics(get lost wandering around for an hour huge). Great pricing on things like foam pieces, pillow forms, etc. The staff are really friendly, local business types who know a lot but won't cater to snippy customers. Got to see a high maintenance woman get taken down a few notches last time I went. Always entertaining. She ended up admitting they were right and thanking them for saving her money, it was hard not to applaud.Minus a couple stars because the designer fabric prices are a little steep, they don't do any sort of coupons or loyalty program, and I got a ridiculously uneven cut of fabric last week. Next time I will be sure to measure the piece BEFORE using it so that I can return it if it's uneven. Would have been nice if they offered to give me a discount when I had to go get more but that's what I get for cutting into it before measuring. Closed weekends(even Saturday) so plan accordingly.
5	The real deal... I have an extensive background in wholesale flooring sales and installation.  I was helping a local school to purchase some flooring for their classrooms.  After searching some so called "wholesale" places, I called these guys at Mesa Sales.  Their price was way below their competition and Frankie my sales person was extremely helpful in getting our carpet here quickly and even had it cut to our desired sizes and bound within a very short time frame before school started.  I am so pleased with their service and will recommend to start here if you need any flooring.
1	I could not recommend this business.  A recent install of a small piece of vinyl was poorly done and I had to clean up after the workers left.  Wax (from the bottom of the toilet) was in the bathtub and one of the workers had something on the bottom of his shoe that stained my carpet.  Can't believe the installers do not wear booties.  When I voiced my concerns the man in charge got very defensive. I did take pics in case this becomes a "he said, she said".  Not a good experience for the high price!
5	This place is amazing. Besides refurbishing, I also create custom dog collars, harnesses, and seat belt attachments; this place has it all for what I need, may want, or never knew I wanted. Needless to say, my imagination goes into overdrive, and the prices are exceptional allowing me to bring thoughts into reality at a reasonable price for my customers. Regardless if you're a professional, DIYer,  or need someone to handle an install for you, this is definitely the place to go!!!
2	Sad to say the binding job they did on the floors was not good at all because it didn't last for more then a couple months. It was like pulling teeth to get the owners wife back out to work in the binding problems. Then when she did come, she was so rude.  We are still having problems with binding and unraveling and the owner won't return or calls. I guess you get what you pay for...
1	Wow -- What a poor business on customer service and follow-up!We bought $7,000 worth of product from this company and had to deal with them sometime later, after the product was installed and the problems began to show up. The product problem was not in the quality of the brand (they sell some good products) -- Instead, it was a problem with the quality of the installation. We spoke to "Jim Maley" there, and honestly I've never spoken to a ruder person. I don't know how a quality company like this could treat people this way, with a customer service attitude that I can remember a year later. Terrible! Watch out if buying from this company. Deal with your problems immediately and do not count on any kind of customer service or concern on the part of management for you. Once you buy it, it's yours and so are the problems, according to Mr. Maley.
