4	My wife and I move...a lot. I don't know if it's our A.D.D. flaring up, or what...but we get bored of places really quickly. Therefore, it only makes sense that we would rent a place instead of committing to a mortgage. But, just because we don't want to buy, that doesn't mean that we want to live in a hovel.That's where my wife's investigative skills come in to play. We had been searching for a nice sizable place that would accommodate two adults and one three year old...so, basically four adults (kids' things take up a LOT of space). We looked high and low for months before we randomly stumbled across La Privada on a Google Maps search.Located just inside Scottsdale Ranch on Via Linda, La Privada Luxury Apartments is absolutely a hidden gem. There are four different floor models available depending on your needs(see photos). Within each floor plan, there are standard and upgraded models (granite countertops, upgraded appliances, etc.) Naturally, the monthly cost for the upgraded models is a little higher, but still...the prices are fantastic considering the square footage and the location. For example: the standard Valencia Townhouse has 1,608 sf. for just over $1100/mo. To me, it almost feels like we're stealing something from them at that price!The complex itself boasts two swimming pools, a tennis court, and a putting green for its residents to enjoy. The first pool is connected to the leasing office/club house, and it is heated year-round. There's also a hot tub...just in case it's not already hot enough for you on the center of the sun. Around the pool, there are a few cabanas to offer you some respite from the sun and the heat.The second pool is tucked away in the middle of the complex, and is mostly considered a "lap pool". This pool is NOT heated, but it is by far the least busy of the two pools. Now, I read a review somewhere that was speaking ill of the management company. That might have been true of the old company, but the new company is fantastic. They took over in June, and have been extremely involved and proactive with regards to service calls, general maintenance, and overall appearance. The bottom line is this: If you're looking for a great deal on a sizable apartment for a FANTASTIC price, you should absolutely consider La Privada Apartments.
2	I rented an apartment at La Privada for almost a year. I don't know about Marc T's experience, but it is not reflective of my experience or the experience of the person who posted under La Privada Condos.First, The Good Points: the apartments, especially the two bedrooms, are spacious. La Privada is a gated community. There are two pools that are kept very clean. The main pool at the clubhouse is heated and there is a hot tub. There is a reasonably well-equipped workout room and a business center/clubhouse facility. The complex does have a nice appearance; shrubs are trimmed nicely and flower beds are well-tended. This past year, the entire complex was re-painted and the asphalt re-sealed. The maintenance personnel are friendly and do what they can for the tenants within the restrictions put in place by  management.Apparently, there has been new management installed at La Privada. I haven't had any of the dishonesty issues as reported by others.The Bad Points: Living at La Privada ain't cheap. Rents for a renovated two bedroom apartment run about $1350/mo +/- plus water/sewer/trash. But, the worst part is the construction of the buildings. It's about the worst I've ever seen. Insulation is non-existent. The brick walls radiate heat INTO the units in the summer and leach heat in the winter. My summer electric bills were in the $350-$400 range from May to September.Because there is virtually  no insulation, conversations in normal tones can be heard between apartments; never mind loud music/tv. Maintenance is abysmally slow. It took almost FIVE months to repair water damage to my apartment that was caused by La Privada's own employees renovating the apartment over mine. This delay, I later found out, was not attributable to the maintenance department, but to the office staff. This mess was started by the in-house "plumber" who hooked up a new ice maker line. Instead of testing it, he went on a 90-minute lunch break. My apartment developed a new shower in the living room, hallway and 2nd bedroom.The tenants at La Privada are paying to live in a gated community. However, the gates around the perimeter of the property have what we New Yorkers would call "cheeseball" locks. The gate next to my unit has a painted-over lock, the keyhole is filled with dried paint. Access is achieved by pushing the gate up and back on it's hinges -- hinges that are made out of large machine screws.  No key is required to open this gate. Push on it and Voila!! Open sesame... The office can be told about these problems until a tenant is blue in the face. Nothing will happen. See above paragraph...When being shown the apartments, I was NOT shown the apartment I would eventually be moved into. The explanation, which I accepted, was that there was still a tenant in the unit. It wasn't until I moved in that I found out WHY the previous tenant wanted out. Upstairs, in a two bedroom apartment, there was a family of six living. A husband, wife, mother-in-law, teenager and two toddlers. The toddlers, apparently, were in training to be track stars. The running (or pounding) back-and-forth across their floor (my ceiling) starting at approx 5:45 am until, sometimes,10:00 pm. Let's not forget the teenager, who wants to be an NBA point guard. Whenever Mom and Dad weren't home, he was practicing his basketball dribble. After I moved in, it took management TEN FREAKIN' WEEKS to move them out!! This, despite the fact that the previous tenant had complained about this family. The previous tenant was moved to another apartment and so it was my turn. Management's position? We're doing the best we can... There are a few young people living at La Privada; but not many. While I'm not exactly a youngster (late 50s), I'm not ready for the old folks' home either. La Privada is filled with old fogies. The geezer who now lives above me complains to management about conversations in even the most modest of tones. I live by myself. Apparently,her major complaint concerns my using the telephone late at night and early in the morning. I guess she expects that I will have no communication with friends/family who live on the east coast or try to conduct personal business with credit card companies/banks/etc who have call centers in India or the Philippines.In sum, the lack of sound and weather insulation at La Privada is the biggest drawback. I lay this problem directly at the feet of ownership. Even though apartments are being "renovated" (i.e. new cabinets, carpeting, appliances, etc) they are doing NOTHING to add insulation.Unless you don't mind living your life as an "open book" or you're an exhibitionist, you may wish to live elsewhere. Living at La Privada, not only will almost all of your conversations be overheard, but even a couple's most intimate moments will be easily detected by their neighbors. I know; I've heard enough of them.
5	I have lived at La Privada since Nov. 2013. When I decided to move to AZ, I spent a full week looking at apartments. I was very fortunate to find La Privada. It is set in the Scottsdale Ranch community. Scottsdale Ranch Tennis is right across the street along with a park, walking path, and Lake Serene. There is a market and restaurants within walking distance. The grounds are well maintained with lots of beautiful desert flowers and palm trees. The complex is very pet friendly. You will always find someone walking their dog around sometime during the day. The main pool has cabanas, whirlpool, grills, and a wide screen TV. The maintenance staff does a great job responding to calls. The management put on community activities during the month. Last month, we had movie by the pool and a summer picnic. Great way to meet new neighbors. The community is made up of a combination of families, single adults, and senior citizens. The office staff is very friendly and address your requests or concerns. I think my favorite thing about living at La Privada is walking around the complex. It is so pretty and quiet. As for the rent, I feel it is reasonable for all the amenities.
3	First I want to say the front office is very friendly.  If you are younger you may not want to live here.   It's a ghost town after nine and god forbid you have a job that makes you work late. The pool area is very nice and it's a safe place to live.
