4	So, I am rating this place with 4 stars, only because it was my first time going here and I want to go back before I add the extra star.I am definitely one who is weary of new doctor offices, especially ones that I have never been to before.  I didn't like the last place I went to, so I decided to try somewhere new, and this place is right across the street from my place.  I called, scheduled an appointment (w/o difficulty), and that was that.The facility is HUGE.  They have an aesthetic place inside of it.  It seemed like it took me several turns down several halls just to go to my appointment room.  I was greeted by a front office administrator, checked in, and waited.  I scheduled my appointment as early as I could (8:30 am) so that I didn't have to wait long to be seen.I was called back immediately and greeted by a very friendly back office MA.  She took my vitals, asked several questions, and was off to get the P.A. (Julia).  I was very impressed with the sincere tone of voice and attitude she had.Julia came right in, smiles and all, and started at it.  I had several concerns to discuss, and she addressed each one with detail and explanation in terms that made sense to me.  I was provided with several samples to use for my condition and was encouraged to come back in 2 weeks for follow-up.One reason that I am iffy on new facilities is because I always feel like they try and "sell" you on services.  I got a slight sense of this when I came in.  I wanted to inquire about a full body scan (I have sensitive skin and am at risk of pre-cancerous lesions).  They were adamant about doing it right then and there.  I also had a benign popule under my eyelid, which apparently is considered cosmetic to remove, and they also wanted to have at it in that same visit.  I appreciate them wanting to get it all done, but I didn't have the money up front to throw down for the removal, and wasn't sure how much my insurance would cover for the full body scan.  I opted out this visit to seek this information first.  In either case, I definitely recommend this place to anyone.  All of the staff that interacted with was friendly and caring, and concerned about the healing and well being of the patient.I will provide an updated review when I go back and let you know if they have earned their extra star!  :)
4	I've been going to dermatologists since I was a wee lass.  My main man retired and I relied on my family physician to treat my skin until a couple years ago.  As an AZ native with pasty white skin, blond hair, and blue eyes; I am at high risk for those pesky skin cancers.  (It doesn't help that I used to lay in tanning beds as a teenager.  Don't do that!)  I wanted to get a skin cancer screening by a dermatologist and chose one that was listed in Phoenix Magazine's top doctors issue.  Here's what happened at the ranked office visit:  The medical assistant seemed like an idiot.  The things she said seemed appropriate for a 14 year old to say.  I was instructed to just take my top off and sit up straight while I'm examined.  I asked if I needed to take my pants off so my feet, legs, and lower back could be examine.  The response I got was, "Do you have moles you're concerned about in those areas?" What the heck?  I'm not concerned with any because I'm not a doctor examining them.  A mole ended up being removed and I wasn't told any care information for it.  It's a big scary hole... care information should be given.  It came back dysplastic which means I'm ok but need to get checked every year.  Considering that visit didn't seem as professional as I'd like, I went searching for a new dermatologist for the next exam.I looked up dermatologists on my insurance site and came across North Valley Dermatology.  They have a website and I was happy to read about the office ahead of time and felt comfortable making an appointment.  I also noticed majority of the staff is women; so knew they wouldn't be uncomfortable checking my entire body.  The office is large and beautiful and have the Travel Channel on in the waiting room (better than the crappy pharmaceutical commercials I've seen in other offices)  The ladies checking you in are very friendly.  I did not wait long before my name was called. The doctor was very friendly and I felt comfortable explaining all my issues to her, and not just having her complete the mole screening.  I took my clothes off, except my panties, and laid down while she checked every mole.  It was thorough just as it should be.  There was one surface mole she was concerned about.  Since it had to be surgically removed, I made a future appointment for that.During the surgery appointment, she went over everything that was going to happen during the procedure and what to expect afterward.  I didn't feel a thing, but did get a mental picture of what was going on and broke out into the cold sweats.  After they were finished, they brought me juice and water and were so concerned about me.  I let them know the cold sweats happen often when something is going through my skin and it wasn't anything they did.  (Another tangent: one time I broke out in the cold sweats and saw stars while blood was drawn and I asked to lay down and they told me to go sit back in the waiting room with all the sick people until I was ready to go)  I appreciated them showing concern.  They gave me instructions verbally and then again on paper on how to care for the wound.  As I checked out, I let the gal know what happened as we were chatting.  She too asked if I wanted a water and said I could relax on the couch in the aesthetic side as long as I needed to before driving home.I'm pretty sure my search is over for a dermatologist.
5	I have been here a couple of times now. The office staff are professional and courteous, the medical staff are awesome and the facility is VERY nice. Cannot say enough good things about them, punctual, professional and caring.
4	Cannot say enough good things about North Valley Dermatology. After being diagnosed with acne by another dermatologist and seeing no improvement after years of treatment, I was very, very frustrated and called North Valley Dermatology after seeing them in the "Top Docs" issue of Phoenix Magazine. I got an appointment with Dr. Magne. I was booked about three months out; not ideal obviously. But when I later asked one of their Med Assistants why I could not get in sooner, I was told that between high demand for services (Arizona has the second-highest rate of skin cancer in the entire world! Only Australia is worse) and a high number of uninsured/underinsured people, Arizona has a severe shortage of dermatologists. (They've since added a couple of Physician Assistants to help lighten the load.) When I finally saw Dr. Magne, she told me that my problem was not acne, but rosacea, which requires a completely different medication and skin care regimen than acne!  Within weeks of finally starting the right treatment, my skin had vastly improved. I also have a fair complexion and a family history of skin cancer, so Dr. Magne performs yearly skin cancer checks on me and has removed a couple of moles that were definitely suspicious. One of the PA's treated my husband for a scary-looking skin lesion that turned out to be harmless. The staff is always courteous and professional and they call back with lab and test results quickly. Their office in Peoria (which they moved into a few years back) is a very warm and pleasant environment. The medical practice shares space with their aesthetic medspa (called Original Skin) where you can get a full compliment of facials, makeup and cosmetic procedures like Botox. Not really my thing, but as others have noted, they don't try to hard-sell you on the cosmetic stuff. It is there, and if you ask, they will provide you with a list of their services, but no one will pressure you into buying. I did ask once about facials, and was given an extensive list. Alas, none are recommended for people with rosacea. But if they ever come up with a rosacea-safe facial, I just might be interested! I would recommend North Valley Dermatology without hesitation to anyone needing a good dermatologist in the Phoenix area. Great people and great care.
1	The first time I went there was pretty good I saw Lisa green she's awesome and informative the second time I wasn't able to see her so I scheduled an appointment with a different doc. I wasn't happy how she spoke to me and felt like she just wanted to get me in and out !!! Ugh I hate when doctors do that.
