5	I'm no yoga expert, but I've taken about ten classes at four different studios now (three in da 'burgh), and this is the nicest, most professional one I've been to yet.  pro: physical space: The studio is beautiful and nicely done: no taking off your shoes in a crowded hallway, and no waiting in line for a single shower in the men's restroom.  The heating and ventilation system seem to be top-notch, too.  I've been in other yoga studios that weren't comfortable - too cold, or so stagnant and humid that you had trouble breathing.  This place is much more comfortable - over 100 degrees, but not stuffy at all.pro: instructors: I've taken classes with two instructors there, and they both led good classes.  Kept the classes moving at the right pace and were very helpful with newer students without ignoring the rest of the class.con: They (and every other Bikram studio I'm aware of) only do Bikram yoga.  If you're not in the mood for sweaty yoga, look elsewhere.not-a-con: They (and other Bikram studios) don't have beginner classes like "regular" yoga studios do.  I was apprehensive at first, but it doesn't matter.  Unlike other types of classes I've taken, beginners can easily participate in the same class as very advanced students.  You might not be able to stretch as far or balance quite as well, but none of the poses are "complicated", so it's very easy to pick up just by following along.
5	There are two ways to rate this studio one is the style of yoga taught the other is the studio and instructors.As far as the style of yoga this studio only teaches Bikram.  This is a structured form of "hot" yoga (the studio is around 106 F) that goes through the same 2 postures in every class.  Any Bikram studio that you go to will go through the same sequence.  I'm not a yoga expert so won't compare this to other forms of yoga other than to say that it is a real workout and I've experienced significant benefits over the last 6 months or so (body tone, flexibility, & posture).As far as the studio and instructors go I really like this place.  First everything is brand new (they completely renovated the studio prior to opening), it is bright, clean, and welcoming.  Second the instructors are really welcoming (regardless of level).  I've been to other Bikram studios (there is one other one in Pittsburgh and I've been to a few out of town) and really like the open community feel of this place.The only issue with this studio is parking.  It is on the corner of Forbes and Murray so your options are to use the pay lot under the library, try to find a spot on one of the side streets (tough) or use the Giant Eagle parking lot.
5	Okay first, as other reviewers have stated, this is Bikram Yoga. Google it. It's not like other heated yoga styles. If you want a heated yoga with the vinyasa sequence, there are other studios like Amazing Yoga, Yoga Hive, and Yoga Flow. At any rate, I really like this studio. They did a great job turning this space from a Curves to a Bikram studio. The yoga room is hot and the other rooms are cool. The instructors are super friendly and helpful and non-intimidating. The room is pretty evenly heated. It's my favorite Bikram studio in the city.
5	The studio just opened at the end of May, I believe, but it's a wonderful place to practice!The yoga room is nice and spacious. 6pm weekday classes can get pretty crowded, but even at the most full, I never felt like someone was right on top of me. I'm also on the taller side, so I really appreciate the high ceiling. Yes, sometimes I'll hit the heating ducts, but usually having my arms above my head in the room is not a problem.As it's a Bikram yoga studio, there is carpet, and there is heat. I don't know what kind of carpet, but it's never bothered me. Room usually gets nice and hot and stays that way. Just be prepared for that if you've never practiced. Nice and bright during class, but very dark and relaxing for final savasana. The instructors are all uniquely wonderful. Each one provides the class set forth to them by Bikram, but in her own way. I never feel like the class is just by the book. Also, all of them are welcoming to experienced yogis and total newbies alike. If you've been curious about trying Bikram or adding yoga to your life, there's no time like the present. Bikram Yoga Squirrel Hill is a fantastic place to start your journey!Edit: for those of you thinking of trying bikram, go for it but I will say this: the first class usually leaves people feeling upset/angry/sweaty/confused. I know it did for me. I think it's part of the logic of the $20/10 day deal. After a few classes, you'll really start to feel more comfortable in and out of the room, but post-first class...oh man was I annoyed.
4	While my friend Romi taught me yoga many years ago, I had never tried hot yoga, let alone bikram. But my experience at Bikram Squirrel Hill quickly turned it into a mild addiction after my first few sessionsI signed up for an introductory offer of unlimited classes for a fraction of the normal cost. I felt very comfortable as a complete beginner to bikram, and to the studio in general.  The employees were friendly in explaining to me how everything works, and the instructor made sure to remember my name for the class.I typically hate heat, but I really enjoyed spending an hour and a half stretching out before having to brave the January cold. That said, I don't know how willing I would be to do bikram at the peak of summer. The first class was a little strange, especially as some people seemed very intense about their practice, but I learned a lot by watching. The instructor didn't single me out at all, but I didn't have any trouble following. Employees urged newcomers (well, everyone) to sit if we felt overheated or dizzy, and I did make use of that suggestion once. They encouraged us to stay in the room, though, to let the feeling pass.I made a lot of progress quickly, and within a week could hold poses with which I struggled initially. It became a routine for me to go to bikram after crossfit workouts that were short and intense so that I could stretch out my muscles in the heat. The studio is clean and quite simple. Some classes become very crowded to the point that once I was blocked into a corner and couldn't fully extend for some poses, so it's worth it to go to the less popular ones (like the last class of the night). The locker rooms are nice and clean, with plenty of space to store your stuff during class. The people were not particularly friendly (though I'm used to super-supportive crossfitters) but not in the least bit mean or judgmental. I'm not living in Pittsburgh right now, but I hope to spend my cold months practicing bikram here again.
4	Attended an afternoon class here when I was in Pittsburgh for the night.  Seeing as all Bikram studios have the same 26 and 2, really all you can comment on are the instructors and the studio itself. Regardless, this studio had such a good vibe. The setup of the studio was great -- second floor, windows for walls, overlooking the street. The layout was clean and crisp and well designed. The changing rooms and showers were also spacious and really cute. I nearly killed myself stepping out of the shower, but that was most likely a result of me being expertly clumsy rather than any fault of the theirs. Lora was my instructor and she was helpful without being pushy or condescending. Will definitely go back next time I'm in town.
5	Every bikram yoga class goes through the same 26 postures in a room heated to about 105F, but what sets this studio apart is the passion its instructors seem to have for bikram yoga.  The studio is clean, conveniently located in Squirrel Hill, reasonably priced, has a great changing area with showers, and, like I mentioned before, an excellent teaching staff!  I'd highly recommend Bikram Yoga Squirrel Hill to both people that have practiced before or are new to Bikram--especially for the discount you get for your first month ($29 for 30 days is a steal!).For any newbies out there that are worried/apprehensive of what bikram is like or whether or not you can handle the heat, I've got a few tips: 1. Make sure to hydrate well before you come-- drinking too much right before or during class is not a good idea.2. Make sure to eat something a couple of hours before class so it has time to digest before you do all your bending and stretching.3. Feel free to take it slow-- no judgement and the heat definitely takes some getting used to.4. Finally, and probably most importantly, going to classes everyday, especially when you first start, makes all the difference in the world with how much you feel like you get out of the class and how easy it is to adjust to the heat.
4	Did a class when visiting Pittsburgh. Great studio, only couple of years old. Friendly staff. Good instructor. Thanks fellow yelpers for a good recommendation!
5	I'm a fairly experienced yogi but never practiced Bikram until this past week.This studio is the most welcoming one I have been to bar none.  The instructor was very kind when I arrived for the first day and the whole experience felt very personal and community oriented.  The facility is lovely.  They have SHOWERS and CHANGING ROOMS.  Woooooooooooh.  Nice.  A nice big waiting area. I'd guess the yoga part studio is only 1/3 of the whole studio size. I really am blown away by how nice, clean etc the place is.The yoga part of the studio was every one of the 105 degrees they say it will be  Hot yoga I have practiced and sometimes its 85 sometimes 100.  It can be annoying. The consistency of Bikrham I can see myself falling in love with.The practice itself is an excellent series of postures that are the same every time.  I have some injuries so I will need to modify but that didn't seem to be an issue.Both the teachers I have had so far were just great.  Kind and personable.The price is extremely fair for what you get and the package prices are unbeatable for how nice the place is.If you're considering trying this place just go.
4	Nice studio with a clean friendly feel.  Good instructors and a well run business.As far as bikram yoga studios go, this one is pretty standard.  You go through the same poses and similar adjustments are given by the instructor.  So, what you've got left to judge a studio on is:  Location - conveniently in Squirrel Hill, plenty of street parking availableCustomer Service - very organized, friendlyFacilities - very clean, doesn't have that damp yoga studio feel!I would definitely recommend this studio!
4	I have been to many bikram yoga studios all over the country and have to say this is one of the nice ones!  People are friendly, great changing rooms with showers, and the room does not smell. However this is the only studio I have ever been to where they do not offer any cleaning sprays for the mats after practice.  Also paying for metered parking adds up quick!
5	Really enjoyed my experience here. Doing yoga above Forbes and Murray; yet so peaceful. I mean out the window is one thing but inside is sublime.
2	I have done Bikram at other studios and for awhile now. All studios have the same temperature goals for the yoga room and the same 26 poses per the Bikram style of yoga. At this particular studio, the staff are very nice and the changing rooms and spacious. The introductory special is a great deal as well. However, I was pretty disgusted with the hot room (the yoga room). First, there is carpet in the room. Sweat + carpet + heat = gross. Also, along the carpeted floor where it meets the wall, there is green mold growing. Every time I went here i left with a rash all over my legs and back of neck. Guessing it's from whatever detergent they use on the towels. However, I've never had this happen anywhere else. No thanks! I will be returning to my old studio.
5	I've been practicing here for a little over a year. Bikram can be intimidating for the heat and just reading about it. The one thing about this studio is that it is very welcoming. The instructors are truly what makes it and the experience. I practiced at another studio before  and felt all eyes were on me if I wasn't up on my practice that day. No matter the day or practice I've had, the greeting and goodbye I get before and after class are warming (as well as the room!) Reasonably priced and offer discounts to teachers and public service workers. Love that! A variety of deals/packages. If you're having a bad day and need a pick me up, show up. No doubt your day will improve.
5	If someone had told me several years ago that I will be looking forward to stretching my spine for 90 minutes in a hot room at the end of my work day, I'd have laughed. But somehow I've been coming here for about three years now : at 4pm or 6pm to unwind from work or at 7:30 or 9:30am to gather the energy for an extra long day. I used to have carpal tunnel and back pain and needed massages and ergonomic adjustment to cope ( didn't do much). That's all gone now. I also had messed up ankles and heels from other sports. That's gone too. Most importantly, work and life anxieties are magically erased after class and I sleep better, thanks to this studio and its wonderful teachers. P.S. they have fresh organic juice from Root System. Its a pretty sweet reward after class. I also just use the towel and mat yearly rental so I can come and go straight from work without lugging stuff.
