4	I had tried several different optometrists before coming to this shop.  I like this guy the bst of them all.  And the staff is super nice and helpful.  Selection-wise, they have some interesting frames even if it isn't as extensive a selection as I would like.
1	DO NOT GO HERE. I looked on yelp for optometrists and this guy ranked pretty high and the location was convenient. It was the biggest waste of time ever. The resident O.D. is completely inept. I went there for a problem I was experiencing with my eye and after he grumbled and shifted around in his office when asking him about it (presumably he's an expert in eyes!), he suggested I look it up on the internet. I don't know if this guy is qualified for anything beyond the most basic of eye exams. BEWARE GO SOMEWHERE ELSE! Don't waste your time like me.
3	I came here for my first eye doctor appointment since moving to Pittsburgh.  A coworker and a coworker's husband both see Dr. Hirsch here, so I came for my annual eye checkup.  They took my insurance (Vision Benefits of America) so I had no copay.Dr. Hirsch is very thorough.  I told him my father had experienced a retinal detachment, and he told me what to watch out for in case that happens to me.  He ran a wide variety of tests, checking everything, dilated my pupils, gave me the "puff" test, looked at my glasses and contacts, confirmed my prescription.  His mannerisms are a bit unusual; he lacks the poised polish and smooth talk that so many doctors have.  So don't go in expecting to have small talk or make jokes.  But all your optical needs will be well-met, and that's really what matters.
2	I suppose nothing was truly horrible about this place, but nothing was what I would consider "good".  I had a very cursory and rushed eye exam- "Okay, take out your contacts and put on your glasses.  Can you read these letters?  Okay great, your prescription is fine."- he did a glaucoma test and looked at my retina, and then they tried to sell me some new glasses.  As I barely wear glasses ever, I declined.  No one was at all rude or dismissive or mean, but neither were they particularly nice or engaged.  Dr. Hirsch is indeed a little strange, but he seems perfectly competent .  He just seems a bit scattered and rushed.  So I guess if what you want is a quick renewal of your current prescription and some contacts you can buy through your insurance, this is a perfectly fine place to go.  Just don't expect a relaxed and thorough exam.
5	What a great experience! Brett took excellent care of me, and is one of the brightest and most efficient opticians I've worked with.  I love these glasses because he made sure they fit my face and always cleans or tightens them up for me when I stopped by.  There is a great variety of frames here and they can even make prescription sunglasses!  Also this Ben Morris Framecraft line is excellent quality and I've gotten a ton of compliments.  Thanks!
5	I absolutely love dr hirsch! always gives me a free pair of contacts to wear home in the meantime and solution. he's quick and very thorough. he takes good notes because he remembers stuff I don't. his mannerisms are a bit odd but he really knows what he's doing. he doesn't just check your prescription. he checks to make sure you're actual eyeball is okay. no cornea scratches, etc. the lady and guy in the office are great too. love this place!
5	I had a great experience at Dalmo Optical. Dr. Hirsch's bedside manner takes a few moments to get used to but he was exceptionally thorough and allowed me to try the prescription in adjustable glasses before he finished the exam. It was exceptionally helpful to know that the lenses wouldn't distort as I have purchased glasses in the past from other eye doctors that have. I picked up my Ben Morris Frames yesterday and they look and feel great.
1	The receptionist was nice and courteous unlike Dr. Hirsch. As reported by other fellow Yelpers, Dr. Hirsch is socially different. I had my appointment with him, he spotted me in the waiting area and did not bother to exchange even a smile or any type of recognition. I stood 1 meter from him and he dint bother. He might be busy but lacking basic courtesy is not cool. There were some problems with my insurance and I could not get my eyes checked, but in a way I was happy I dint have to deal with him. There are many good opticians around and I am happy to go to them.
