1	LET IT BE KNOW THAT I DID NOT ACTUALLY HAVE ANY WORK DONE HERE! Ok now that I got that out of the way.... Why would I write a review on a place I have never been you ask? Here is a copy of a note I wrote on Facebook: So I a a bit confused about the business practices of AAMCO located on Scottsdale Road just south of Thomas, maybe someone out there in facebook land can help me understand this weird trend a bit better. Sunday afternoon there is a knock on my door and it is a salesman. I don't realize this right away, I thought it was our neighbor or I wouldn't have opened the door. This overly gregarious guy hands me a coupon and begins his "buy this stuff speech" right away. It is a great deal, you buy a punch card and for roughly $80 you get 5 oil changes and a plethora of other neato, keep your car running in top notch condition services. I it thought how great it was because not even 1 day before I realized I was overdue for an oil change. But I was not about to give my credit card info, address or cash to some stranger standing in my doorway. To try to understand better a concept that shouldn't be hard I started asking questions: "So they only way to get this deal is to buy it from you right now?" "Yes." "Well I don't feel comfortable giving you all my information just because you say you are selling these coupons and are wearing an AAMCO shirt. You can understand my hesitation right?" "Well it is a secure transaction ma'am. All your information is sent right here by satellite but this nifty gadget I have secured to my belt." "That is all fine and good but I would prefer to just go to the business directly and purchase this deal." "You can't, they don't offer this deal." "What? I am sorry, did I hear you correctly? You are selling a punch card that I am going to be using at the business that will be honoring these cards but they don't sell it directly?" "We are a different company ma'am." "But you are wearing an AAMCO shirt." "That is because our company, which is different, is selling something that can be used at AAMCO." "Yea, I think I am going to.... I hadn't even finished my sentence when asshole grabbed the flyer out of my hand and says "Well I am going to give this to someone who understands the value and will buy it." Listen jerk I do understand the value of it. I also know that identity theft is a real problem in this county now. Just because you are wearing some t-shirt that says AAMCO on it and are carrying some flyers doesn't make you legit. Oh and bucko, just for the record, anyone can have a remote credit card processor, it doesn't make you any more special than the next Joe Bob that comes to my door. Feeling a bit miffed and also concern for AAMCO I give them a call. I wanted to make sure it was the real deal and and I wanted this family owned business to know how I was treated. As a business owner I know how important it is to make a great impression and they were not shining like a new penny to me. I was informed that there is an outside company that sells these coupons but they have nothing to do with them. "So you honor these coupons but it is a different company that actually sells them?" "Yes." "If I came into your shop could I get the same deal? I would just feel better having my information and credit card run at an actual establishment." "No we don't have that special, you would have had to buy it from that guy." "So you are willing to let my business walk out the door when I was ready to come down today and get my oil changed but only if I could get that deal." "I am sorry but we don't sell that deal." "Wow, ok." "I appreciate your call though and letting us know about the guy selling the coupons. If you want I can find the number so you can call that company directly." "You do realize that whether or not that guy works for another company he was selling something to be used at your establishment, therefore he is representing your business. Because of how rude he was to me and the fact that for some unearthly reason you can't or won't give me the same deal there is no reason for me to give you guys a try." "Sorry." Click I JUST DON'T GET IT!! I own a business, I would never, ever turn away business, shoot I would even take competitors coupons!  I drive by this place everyday on my way to work.I have seen the mechanics out front holding arrows that say "no waiting right now!"  or something similar to get customers.  Why oh why would you turn me away?
1	too bad you actually have to give a place one star.SCAM ALERT!  this place does horrible work. i'm trying to get all their fuck-ups fixed under warranty and these assholes cant find the paperwork to figure out from where they bought the part they replaced. it has cost me two full days at the el paso aamco and my shit still isn't right. i'll have another full day at the shop before im done - if that ever happens. i do appreciate what the el paso aamco is doing for me (going ahead and buying the part out of pocket to satisfy my getting screwed by their compadres in AZ).i urge anyone to call customer support to complain about these jackasses. they're looking to rip you off - not help you out.  i called and SHOULD be getting a callback tomorrow and will update this review with a review of their customer satisfaction performance.  assholes.
4	Sorry to read all the bad reviews here AFTER I got my car worked on, but I had a great experience - start to finish.Dealt with Jim. He was extremely pleasant and forthcoming with information, timely with his communication and got the job done in the time promised. The work itself (tune-up, belt replacement) was fine and the car is running better than ever.Price was great too and I felt like I was really taken care of. (This coming from someone who knows NOTHING about cars or car repair)
1	update: i ended up calling aamco customer service to report the nincompoopery on behalf of the scottsdale store.  after 3 replacements, my water pump seems to be functioning correctly.  although i did ask the manager to have the mechanics clean off all of the residual coolant, they didn't.  jackasses.  and my power steering pump seems to be alright; however, this does not change my rating.  aamco is a complete SHAM.  do NOT take your car here even for an oil change.  i TRUELY believe that aamco mechanics have no idea what they're doing and probably fuck other things up in your engine so that you have to bring it back.
5	Had these guys service my transmission on a 64 thunderbird. They were able to get me in quick and had all the parts in stock. Dave was knowledgable and friendly and made me feel very comfortable. The price was better than a few other shops I called. I highly recommend this shop!Great job Dave!!
1	I wish there was a negative star because that's all this company deserves. I recently brought my car to them and explained my problems and concerns. The transmission seemed to be having problems. They drove it and told me they weren't sure what the problem is. But for $500 they could tear the transmission apart and let me know. And for an Additinoal  $1000-$1500 they could fix it. Well, the car itself is worth around $2000, if even. So, I said thank you and took my car home. I took it to someone else and for about $200 they changed the transmission fluid and the motor mounts and now the car drives awesome. Aamco should have suggested this first, since they examined my car and are transmission "experts", they could have explained all possible problems and given me the option instead of focusing only on a transmission problem that would involve tearing it apart and costing me $2000! Dave seemed like a nice, experienced guy, but now I'm thinking he's only experienced in ripping people off. I am a single mom of 2 little ones and make very little. I'm so glad I went and had a second opinion. Beware everyone, before you make any decisions anywhere you go, always get a second or third opinion.
