3	Hotel appears to be an older hotel refurbished into a Crowne Plaza. While it has all the trappings of a Crowne, it seems like you're in a lower end hotel.The van drivers can take you to most downtown locations for food, shopping and entertainment. The drivers are pretty helpful with suggestions and recommendations.I got a call one morning to have my van time moved ahead 5 minutes and for agreeing, they threw in breakfast for free. That was a nice gesture.Location is on the fringes of downtown, but with the availability of van transportation, it's not inaccessible.
2	Stayed here during a business trip, but as a fourth choice since the first three were completely booked.  There was a reason why this was a fourth choice...Accommodation - It's a rather older and lower-end hotel in the Charlotte area.  As the other reviewer said, it's on the fringes of downtown.  Other patrons seem to be mostly flight crew and some convention stayers.  Rooms were clean and made-to, but just not at the rate they were charging, which was not too much lower (I think) than the newer hotels with better locations.Service - I was turned off by the check-in process.  During my check-in, the man was joking around with me and didn't address my question about what rooms were available.  Upon finding out that a colleague had checked into a renovated room, I made a similar request, only to be told those weren't available.  I understand that rooms get booked, but this process seemed to me a lack of professionalism.
5	Great restaurant, yummy food and nice service. During my stay, the service was excellent. The food was also very good and if I can, I will always stay here during visits to Charlotte. The staff were able to give me recommendations on a local bar and when I checked it out, there was a live band! Made my night!!!
4	This hotel appeared to be an older property, but it was well-maintained and clean. I had a selected a king room and I was upgraded at check-in to an executive king room with a living room area, refrigerator, and a microwave, which was very nice. The best amenities of this hotel are the complimentary Wi-Fi and the local area shuttle, which provides complimentary transportation within a three-mile radius. I had selected this property because of the location and the shuttle, so I would not have to drive to a wine dinner. The only negative about the hotel is the $15.00 per day parking fee in a parking garage. If I needed to be in Uptown Charlotte, I would stay here again.
3	This hotel exterior is a little worn down and in need of a refurbishing. Everything about it just looks dated and tired. The rooms had obviously been updated since other parts of the hotel and they were not that bad although the tile grout looked a little dingy in my room. I did not hear the people in the room next to me as others have complained about. However, I found the food to be very good especially for a hotel. They had a decent bar with a few local brews on tap and service was friendly. The hotel location is convenient but still a 6-8 block walk to the more popular attractions downtown. We took advantage of the free shuttle service and the friendly and knowledgeable driver, Christian. Its fairly easy to get to though off I-277. For the money, it wasn't bad.
2	Just as every other Crowne Plaza in the US this was once a nice property owned by a different hotel chain. The rooms have furniture from the 1980's.  The carpet is ripped, rust in the shower, dust everywhere, and right across the street from a jail. Unfortunately for work when i'm in Charlotte we get sentenced to this dump. Awesome 1992 Magnavox boxed tv and iron that leaked all over my clothes.
2	Depending on what you're looking for, this particular Crowne Plaza might do the trick. Admittedly, I'm a fan of boutique hotels so this crash pad proved to be on the shorter end of my general hotel preference "stick." I checked into a handicapped room (not my choice) and found a stucco room (a la Ramada Inn). Rust in the shower, check. Missing coffee pot, check. TV with fuzzy channels, check. Complimentary continental breakfast (isn't this standard at hotels in this grade?), nope. And $15 a night for self-parking in the adjacent lot. It's not altogether bad, but it's also not great. On the plus, I was able to take advantage of the treadmill in the fitness room. I'll be looking for another hotel option next time I'm in Charlotte.
3	Stayed here two nights. Booked Crowne Plaza on about 6 days' notice when just about every other hotel in the downtown area was no longer offering their military rate for the dates of my trip. They have free wireless, but no free breakfast.We had a nice stay. We got a room with a king size bed and balcony. The balcony was nice--not a view of downtown, but still a nice enough view of part of the city. The room was pretty clean, but there was an overly deodorized smell (that went away once I left the sliding door to the balcony open for a while, since it was a nice day). Some of the curtains, the bedskirt, and the comforter had a few little stains, but nothing worth complaining over. The bathroom was very nice, with a nice shower head, but I was a little disappointed there was no fan. The TV was an old CRT 28 or 32" that was clearly on its last legs, but that was OK too since we were there to sleep not watch TV.The location is pretty good--in the government district across the street from the huge county courthouse. Seemed like a nice safe area--the manager even recommended a safe jogging route in the area that began and ended at the hotel. The walk to the shops and restaurants of downtown is at least 10-15 minutes, which wasn't bad, but they also have a free shuttle that takes you up to 3 miles from the hotel, which covers all of the downtown area.Overall, we had a pleasant stay. Nothing to write home about (except the nice balcony), but nothing to complain about either.
3	I have stayed at this place many times now over the years. I try to find good things about it. There are a few but, not many.  The rooms are clean, but there is always a lot of noise going on here. Either outside or in the hotel itself.On this occasion just a few days ago i was on a floor with construction going on. In the middle of the afternoon was an over whelming smell of chemicals. Not even paint,it was more like formaldehyde glue or something.Now i cannot say exactly what it was, but it was bad. Could really lead to a major headache. Luckily we left a few hours later. But breathing that in all night would not be a good thing at all.   It is close to a lot of shops which is nice and they have free internet, all good things. They do have a shuttle that goes back and forth to the hotel as well. Another major plus.
3	I am in the Queen City of CLT at least every other week lately. AND this hotel has just become my second home. IN fact, it is my home away from home. I have friends in CLT and I like to bring them down as they are out in Concord. This hotel is close to everything uptown CLT. Kind of the place to be in the CLT! The shuttle driver is usually kind enough to drop you within a 3 mile radius until midnight and that means F U N. The Epicenter is close. AS is eateries like Zoes and even Trader Joes or Target for grab and go if you want to bring food back to your room as I have done in the past. The gym could use updating. The walkway close is clean and pretty for running. NOW, if you have to 'day sleep' such as I often have to, the maids can get noisy. I've had to call a few times to have noise control fix it. AND the walls are thin. I generally try and just get a room away from my crew. Again, I KNOW I can talk loud and when I bring my friends from Concord in after a bottle of wine and gossip, we can be noisy. I don't want to disturb anyone past 9pm ...NOR do I want to be disturbed when it is I that has an early morning flight. All and all.. it's okay.
5	I'd like to title this review: "The Power of Taking Ownership"My wife and I recently got married in Charlotte, NC. Our Wedding Planner booked the Crowne Plaza for their Honey Moon Suites package. (We needed somewhere local to stay for the night before our honey moon trip).The night of our wedding, after an EXTREMELY long day, beautiful wedding, and hours of dancing/partying...we arrive in Crowne Plaza me in my tuxedo and my wife still in her wedding dress. When I gave them our names at the front desk, they did not have either of us in the system for a room that night.We spoke with the manager and had her check with our credit cards and no reservation was to be found. After 20 minutes of exhausting research...nothing came up and I started calling my wedding planner (by now, my wedding planner was asleep after an exhausting 350 person wedding she helped to execute). Luckily, our wedding planner had all email correspondence with Crowne Plaza's sales rep on file. She began to forward these emails as evidence to Crowne Plaza's manager who was searching for our reservation. By this time, my wife was sleeping in the car, I was exhausted standing on my feet in front of this woman who I was starting to get very irritated with.  However, due to my exhaustion I did something I normally do not do - I stayed quiet & patient.All of a sudden, I noticed the look on the Hotel Manager's face change...her attitude changed instantly as she read the emails and realized that the Hotel's Sales Rep confirmed our reservation but never put it into the system.INSTANTLY - Crowne Plaza's Manager (or supervisor whoever this woman was) apologized multiple times, took full ownership for the error, and made our stay at Crowne Plaza on the house!!!!  :)  Not only that but she threw in a few extras that I will not mention so that I don't get anyone in trouble...our stay at the Crowne Plaza was the first of many blessings & gifts in our marriage! :)Something that had the potential to ruin our evening actually blessed us tremendously. Not just the saved $$$...but the respect, professinoalism, and superior maturity that the hotel manager exercised when she took ownership. I am more than impressed.A review that would have been 1 or 2 star is 5 stars because of one honorable hotel manager who had the common sense to make no excuses, take ownership, and treat a customer the way they deserve to be treated. Both me and my wife travel often on business, we both have family in Charlotte, NC and because of that hotel manager we will stay at one hotel and one hotel only - the Crowne Plaza Charlotte!I look forward to staying at a hotel managed by professional, mature leaders!
1	Would give this hotel a zero if I could.  Old beds,old furniture,old televisions, old everything.  Totally gross.
2	rooms  are ok... staff is ok.. but the shuttle drivers are so nice.. they make up for the rest of the negatives..
2	Hotel: 1 starStaff: 5 starsLocation: 4 starsHotel:  The rooms are in dire need of renovation!  I'm sure the rooms are clean but they just look dirty. Old appliances, outdated furniture, and missing coffeepot. Slightly funky older to the room, despite it being a non-smoking room. The only nice accommodation to this place is free wifi. Staff: I arrived at the hotel around 2 pm when check-in was at 3pm.  They were friendly, prompt and accommodation.  Louis, the gentleman who checked me in, informed me of the restaurant downstairs and shuttle accommodation to the shops located a ways away. Location:  Half mile walk to the shops and eateries. If other hotels had available accommodations, I would not have stayed here.
2	Dump. Outdated and run down. However the staff is friendly. The restaurant is so so. And the free wifi is so slow it won't work. You can easily do better else where. Two stars for the staff only.
3	I'm at this hotel frequently for work, and the staff who works here are all very friendly, especially the front desk.  The rooms are in need of renovation, as they are very worn out and look aged.  The walls in this hotel are so thin that you can hear everything that's going on in your neighbors room or out in the hallway.  The location in Downtown Charlotte is great and the hotel is in walking distance to a shopping mall with a Target and Trader Joes in it.
1	I will never stay at this hotel again. I'm even considering never staying at a Crowne Plaza ever again. Look elsewhere!When I arrived in my room after a very long day, all I wanted to do was to take a bath and relax. When I looked into the tub, it wasn't clean. Strike one.I ordered room service for breakfast so I didn't have to waste time figuring out food at the hospital and ate while I got ready. I'm 99% sure the strawberries in the granola I received were rotten. They had covered them in yogurt (more yogurt than normal) and put them at the bottom of the bowl. They had also left the stems on. Strike two.The worst part of the hotel is how thin the walls are. One of my neighbors were loudly having sex every night and morning. On the other side, the person took comfort in having the TV on full blast all the time. Strike three.I could have moved rooms but since I was in my room from 11 p.m. to 6:30 a.m. every night I didn't have time to move. The hotel needs to do something to sound proof the rooms. I should be able to hear every word being said on TV in my separate room. There are many hotels in Uptown. Choose a different one.
3	A solid clean hotel that's squarely in the three star category, the Crowne Plaza in Charlotte is a bit off the main downtown core.  Which is not always a bad thing, just plan accordingly with your activities.  Inside the rooms are a bit dated but clean and reasonably spacious.  Smaller LCD TV, in room coffee machines, don't expect anything too fancy here.  But for a quick stay, this hotel will work in a pinch.  And it's definitely cheaper than the more conveniently located hotels.  Probably prefer the Holiday Inn downtown but why can you do?For the price the Crowne Plaza is fine.  It is still located in Downtown Charlotte but you'll just have to walk a bit more to get to the core.  But if you want to go to the courthouse or City Hall you're in the perfect spot!
1	FYI, this place is called the "Uptown Plaza" now. They lost their Crown Plaza Flag - and it's for a reason.This place is a dump.Stained furniture in the bedroom. Light fixtures in the bathroom are askew. The gym is like someone's basement gym that they never get around to using. These are all to name a few items. It just has that feeling like it's been neglected and won't ever retake the shape it was once in. Crown Plazas aren't that nice anyways - and for it to loose it's flag, well, should speak for itself. Spend the extra $10 and go somewhere else.
3	Venue: Charlotte Plaza Hotel (Crowne Plaza Charlotte)Decor:   Average, basicService: Informational, Decent, Got the Job Done  Environment:   QuietFood:   Pretty cool (see sister review for Chambers Grille)Prices:   Fair, Reasonable for Uptown Charlotte   A tad over $100/nightHuge Pros:  Free complimentary shuttle within 3 miles of the hotelDebbie Downers:  The same complimentary shuttle doesn't run all night, if it did, I would give it 5 stars!  $15/parking per day.  TV's need to be flat screened  The WiFi was sketch too.  It would go in & out (needs improvement) Conclusion:   I don't know why other people seem to be b*tching & moaning off the hotel.  I read the reviews and took my chances of what I got into.  Sometimes you have to see for yourself and come to your conclusion and this is what my review is for.  I thought the location was pretty good that it wasn't in the center of everything but within the I-277 loop on the edge of Uptown Charlotte to still be close to everything.  Easy in and out from local street and Interstate.  The staff was friendly, provided good information on where to go for your entertainment and leisure needs.Overall:  First, I am a simple kinda guy.  I don't need the Waldorf Astoria to rest my head.  Something that is clean, good location, nice staff, is in a safe neighborhood, quiet rooms.  This hotel had all of that.  I keep reading about the renovations but I saw NONE of that as being a distraction.  I stayed on the seventh floor and that was quite fine for me.  If your read this review, perhaps you should grab a room on the 7th.  The bar at the restaurant was cool.  The complimentary shuttle is very good.  The hotel will even secure your luggage even after check out just incase you have to go to a convention or sporting event.  For what you pay and where it is located, the price seems to be about right.  I had zero issue with this hotel, I don't know why everyone else is b*tching for!  Grade: B
3	I recently stayed in this hotel for business and while not extraordinary, it was pleasant. Rooms were clean, staff was fantastic and meeting rooms were great. The food was so-so with the exception of the onion soup which was one of the best I've had-and I tend to get onion soup at every opportunity. The other negative that detracted me from a 4-star review was that I was awoken at 7:40am by window painters right outside my window yelling at each other and complaining. I do recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Charlotte as with a few tweaks, this hotel could go from good to great.
1	I found this place on hotels tonight for a discounted rate of $70/night. There was construction going on early in the morning, and the bathroom was dirty. Very basic and honestly, I wouldn't even pay the $70 discounted rate to stay there. Also, it's by the jail so you hear police sirens all night. They did comp $15 parking though so that's why I gave it 2 stars.
2	Our Board exams are administered in Charlotte, and the National Board struck a deal with several hotels in Charlotte, but the closer ones were booked on my test date, so I decided to give "Crowne Plaza" a shot.First off, when I called to book, they had a bit of trouble locating the code for the corporate rate I was requesting. They also are not able to send a confirmation email until M-F business hours, so I had to call back to get it. However, booking and checking-in went smoothly, despite my flight delay and late arrival around 1am.That sort of ends the good stuff.I went up to my room and immediately got ready for bed. There was a dark black (make-up?) stain on the side of the bedsheet. No biggie, sheets probably were bleached and washed, some oil-based make-up is just hard to get out, and at least I'm not sleeping on it. The rest of the bedding looked clean. However, I could not for the life of me figure out how to turn off the vent (I had turned off the heater, AC, and fan settings), but was too tired to fumble with it more. I figured the white noise could help me sleep. Good thing too, because as soon as I turned off the lights, I could see the 1 cm gap between the bottom of the door and the doorframe's threshold. Not good for hallway noise. However, this was not what awoken me 1 hour before my alarm set off. You see, each room is connected to its neighbor by a thin not-sound-proofed door, and I woke up to a man's coughing and television playing before my alarm went off.Groggily, I got out of bed and started washing up. Some aspects of the bathroom may be renovated (countertop), but amenities are a bit lacking. First, the towels definitely seen better days. Two of the four large ones had pink and neon orange stains on them, likely also make-up that hadn't come out with washing. But still, a bit thinned and worn, the towels should have been replaced by now. Second, there was no shower mat in the bathroom (I'm always leary of foot fungus in hotel showers), but I didn't want to wait for housekeeping to bring one over. Finally, there was a single bar of soap to be shared between tub and sink, and only a "conditioning shampoo", a bit below standards for a Crowne. That being said, water pressure was great, but temperature could not get very hot.Finally, when I went downstairs to check out, the receptionist didn't even get off the phone to address me when I turned in my key. She just printed a receipt and turned her back around. I understand if she was dealing with a difficult patron, but at least have the courtesy to smile and acknowledge me. I waited for her to get off the phone to ask about the shuttle to take to my exam site, and she snappily told me it's not here yet. I asked for the restroom while I waited, and she hastily pointed down the hallway. Not what I was expecting for "southern hospitality".Hopefully, renovations will address some of the issues, and perhaps management will also address the room amenities and service insufficiencies.tl;dr Hotel lacks in amenities and service, but the real downside is the noise for those that need a good night's rest. Hope for improvements with renovation.
2	I can't recommend this hotel.I was looking for a reasonably priced and dog-friendly hotel in Uptown Charlotte, this was the cheapest. You get what you pay for. I wish I had spent the extra money. They're still renovating, don't know when that will be over. They didn't have the room I booked. The staff- all 3 of the front desk personnel I saw- were cold and sometimes just rude to not only me but everyone I saw them conversing with, every time. The walls are thin, you can hear everything. Also, the rooms have those old boxy TVs you hardly see anymore, & only about 30 local channels. I've been in cheap chain hotels that have flat screens and HBO :-/ Come on.
1	This place is not clean.  Carpet stains,  smells like mildew,  lobby was disgusting.  Check out the cushions on the Ottoman in the lobby.. Stained like crazy! Alerted the manager, they seemed uninterested in my comments. So now I will tell everyone my comments. Furniture in room was old chipped and all the fabric on chairs had disgusting "adult" stains.  Lots of dead bugs and insects near windows of room and lobby.  I have pics to prove it.  Do not stay here unless you are looking for a dirty bargain.  If there was a lesser rating than 1 star,  that's what I would rate this place.  Poor 1 star.
5	5 stars... (For the price)Let me start by saying hotel isn't perfect but you get what you pay for.  I was looking for a reasonably priced hotel with a great pool, hot tub, close to downtown Charlotte, with a restaurant and hopefully room service and free breakfast.  This was the only hotel less than $150 that hit all those boxes, or even most.  Plus the pool is indoor and outdoor.  The cardo and weight room was great.  I was also pleasantly surprised to see out room had been renovated and looked great.  However, parts of the facility are outdated and they are doing construction.  Given the price I paid for the room I felt completely satisfied and would stay here again
4	Newly renovated to Marriott hotel. Place smells new and seems to have benefited from facelift. Rooms are modern and very clean, but the AC unit is a little noisy. Had to get my cable TV signal connected. Guess I'm the first person to stay in here. Pool just opened! Hot day might check it out too.
3	Now the Fairfield Inn and Suites. Totally redesigned and very nice. Didn't hear anything from the rooms connected to mine. A problem this place used to have. But don't get a room on the lower floors on the even side. I'm on the third floor and the music from downstairs is giving me a headache. Not sure if this is just a weekend problem or not.
