5	I had to order a banner for a work-related function and after receiving quotes from several local places, the estimate I received from AZ Pro Signs was by far the lowest.  What was most remarkable, however, was that within hours of sending my final proof to Jason, the owner,  he had it printed and shipped via overnight service so it was in my hands LESS than 24 hours after I placed the order!  The banner looks great and is durable enough (it's weather proof!) that I'll definitely be able to use it again.  I had a few questions while I was designing our banner and Jason always responded very quickly in a friendly demeanor.  I would highly recommend his company for banners and signs big and small.
5	I had the back of my car wrapped and they did a fantastic job.  From the design phase to the final product... professional through and through.  I will use them again for my second vehicle and any other print work I might need. Drop and and see what they have to offer.  A true asset to the West Valley.Hatch
1	I own a BMW M5. It is a Sudan but handles awesome and has over 400 HP.. AZ Pro Signs did a 3M carbon fiber wrap for my bumper. It looks great and feels and looks like real carbon fiber at a fraction of the cost. The M5 has a real carbon fiber hood and you can't tell the 3M wrap from the real thing. Jason and his crew did an awesome job.  I like it so much I am considering doing the trunk and top as well. I highly recommend this company they are easy to work with and do great work.Dennis M.I am sorry to report that based upon follow up experince with Az Pro Signs I must change my recomedation from Az Pro Signs to Arizona Color at 623 580 7386. The reason for this change is lack of follow on service even when I offered to pay for the repair. Jason the owner told me to take my busness elsehwere. This guy is arrogant and I recomend that you should not do busness with his company.I paid Az Pro Signs $405.48 to carbon fiber wrap my BMW M5 rear bumper on December 21, 2011.I brought my BMW back to Jason on July 3, 2012 with a defect on the wrap on the rear bumber. Jason gave me a 3 year warrantee on vertical surfaces and a one year warrantee on horizontal serfaces. Jason looked at the defect in the wrap and said it was my fault. When I offered to pay his company for the repair, Jason refused to accept any payment from me and said he (Az Pro Signs) would not repair the wrap. He said he did not want my business in the the future. He was arragant and told to me to go to his compeditor if I wanted any follow on wrap work done.I am disapointed to report this but I must recommed that if you want any follow up service on your wrap do not to take your car, truck, or van to Az Pro Signs. They don.t stand by thier work and won't work on a repair even when the customer offers to pay. I have had work done by Arizona Color 6235807386. They do an outstanding job, they support thier work and are compeditive in price to AZ Pro Signs without the arrogance of Jason who apparently does not need any more paying customers.I strongly recomend that you take your wrap work to Arizona Color and not to Az Pro Signs.Dennis Millett623-399-8529Again Jason's comment is not telling the truth. When I realized that the defect could be a scratch I offered to pay for the repair. Jason was arrogant and said he did not want my business even if I paid him. I paid him $400 for the job initialy. How can you do business with an arrogant owner who does not tell the truth? The problem I have now is that Jason will not cover the warranty in the future that I paid for, if we did find a defect in material or workmanship I feel Az Pro Signs owes me money. So to summarize I did offer to pay Jason for the repair but he refused to give me a quote or accept my money. Do not do business with this company, they don't deserve your patronage and will not stand by their work even if you offer to pay them which I did.Sincerely Dennis Millett
5	I had my Mastercraft X80 wrapped and AZ Pro Signs did a phenominal job.  Chris Prenovost was super professional and Martin Pinedo did an awesome job on the design.  It turned out better than I expected.  Chris personally walked me around the boat when it was finished and made it really clear they stand behind their work.  Also their shop and warehouse was very nice and the people are very friendly and customer service orientated.  There's no question these guys are the best in the business of wraps and signs.  If you want to talk more about my experience please don't hesitate to give me a call at 602-770-8003.
1	Breach of Contract.I contracted with Az Pro Signs  on 12/21/2011 for a Carbon Fiber Wrap of my rear bumper with a 3 year warranty for vertical surfaces and 1 year for horizontal surfaces. I paid $405.48 for this contract. I took my car back to them in July 2012 with a defect in the rear bumper wrap. I offered to pay Jason P. for the work. Jason said that he did not like the way I looked, would take money for repair and did not want me to come back to his shop again. Another company reviewed the Az Pro Signs work said it was substandard quality and would have to strip the entire rear bumper and start from scratch If I wanted a warranty. Because I no longer have a warranty from Az Pro Signs I want a complete refund of $405.58 to have the job done right by another shop.
