5	Really cool small bar, you can have a bite and there's a wide selection of drinks. Loved the hand dryer in the girls bathroom haha.. Good music and nice atmosphere
4	Food is surprisingly good for a bar!  Well worth it.  When I first moved to the neighbourhood I went almost every night for dinner...casual atmosphere, nice bar.Don't get there too late on the weekend if you are eating as it turns into more of a nightclub type hangout, which is also cool, but different than the dinner spot you think you are heading to!It's kind of tucked away in the basement, you see it off the street, but need to look for it.
4	Great little pub away from all of the chaos of down the street. The menu holds lots of great items at a decent price. Service was fantastic. Get the Poutine - its delicious
4	Despite living very close I hadn't had a chance to try Typhoon until yesterday.I had the Bullseye burger with the thai dumplings on the side.The burger was really good. Perfect size. A wee-bit over done, so if you're picky about that make sure to order under your preference (as in, if you like it medium-well, order medium-rare).The dumplings were good, but not as good as an authentic asian restaurant. good but overrated.I have one note to end with, while being served I noticed the waitress seemed uncomfortable in her dress, she had her arms crossed to block her cleavage. I was wondering why she was wearing a dress that she was uncomfortable in and realized that every woman working in the restaurant was wearing the same tight dress that JUST covered the butt, was skin tight and showed a lot of cleavage. I find this quite distasteful. Its one thing to have a uniform or to ask servers to wear a certain color, it's very much another to stick women into teeny tiny dresses. If the point was to have attactive women serve their customers, here's a newsflash: women can be attractive and not have to be hanging out of their dresses and have the body language of someone who feels exposed.If I wanted to see women in embarrassing outfits, I would eat at Hooter's.note: my waitress was great.
5	They've got some great staff, and you should definitely sit at Kristy bar when she's working. The burgers are always good. The Monkland is my fav! They have a great cocktail list, from raspberry mint lemonade and mojitos with pretty much any fruit you'd like. Over all a great NDG hang out!
5	The food is very good for a bar. The chicken wings are always perfect, their burgers are super tasty and the sweet potato fries hit the spot. They also have a cute selection of drinks, my favourite being the litchi martini. Amazing staff, I've never had bad service at Typhoon ever.
4	Used to frequent on Sundays for trivia nights but it seems that they are no more. They still have Whisky & Wings Wednesdays and have great food. I've brought a number of couchsurfers here and they always seem to enjoy themselves. Great decor.
4	it's the bar me and a close friend frequent when i'm in his neighborhood. i enjoy the lounge vibe even though it can be noisy depending on the night. i usually don't stay past 11 o'clock so i bypass the livelier crowd.interesting list of cocktails and for what you're getting, it'd be considered moderately cheap (price wise). beer is inexpensive too and food is good especially their burgers.if you happen to be sitting at the bar early evening (around 8pm), there's a good chance you'll be hit on by some ladies. and by ladies, i mean cougars! if you are uncomfortable with that, sit at one of the tables otherwise, enjoy the unwanted attention as well as the sometime crazy stereotypical pickup lines ;)i always have a lovely time there and i understand why it's a NDGers favorite
4	Great place to stop in and have a drink as well as some appetizers. I personally just finished eating when we got to Typhoon, so I didn't get a chance to try their food. The decor is lounge oriented and modern.  Service was excellent with very nice looking ladies that we're smiling the whole time serving drinks. I would recommend if your close to downtown Montreal.
3	Bit of an identity crisis going on in this place. Is it a lounge? Sports bar? Don't know. That being said its a nice place, good service. The ambience is just not my cup of tea.
