5	Oh man, where else can you get a blueberry milkshake with a heaping midwest breakfast? Nowhere. Always worth the wait for this heart attack inducing cafe.
5	Pull up a chair, son and let me tell you about The Scrambler.  It begins, like so many breakfasts do, with a plate of hashbrowns and about four scrambled eggs.  But that's just the start.  Sprinkle those eggs with your choice of meat (bacon, ham, or sausage) and cover the whole thing with cheese.  Wait, you think we're done?  Not yet, boyo.  There's still some sausage gravy to top the whole thing off.  All this with a milkshake.  Consistently voted best breakfast in the Big Ten, it's the perfect hang-over food.
4	Great deal. Great service. NEVER go on a homegame day. EVER. No one ever listens to me but I swear that the cornmeal pancakes are some of the best I've ever had. As my boyfriend says, this place serves food that "sticks to your ribs."
5	A fifty year old american dairy bar owned by a republican Thai man who blasts country music at five o'clock in the morning. The best boss I ever had. The prices are as low as the portions are huge.  Payow's weekday only lunch specials and homemade soups are well kept secrets.  The scrambler is not a well kept secret.  Highly recommended by Lyle Lovett.
4	They have the most colossal flapjacks at this famous old-fashioned Near Westside breakfast dive catering to the diehard Badger fans.  Students flock here from miles around on weekend mornings to nurse their achy hangover heads back to health over a massive plate of grub and a cup of strong coffee.
5	BESTBREAKFASTEVER!
4	I can't give it five stars because it's too small, and too long to wait a LOT of the time.  Forget homegames, don't show up on Saturday or Sunday mornings unless you want to wait.  I'm tellin you though, it's so much food for such a reasonable price that you feel it 24 hours later.  Not for the faint of heart, or soft of stomach.  Be prepared, be very prepared because you will spend the rest of your day curled up on the couch cursing your misfortune of having eaten all of the scrambler.  Also, they might have the best shakes in Madison (ice cream, not post stuffing yourself seizures).
4	If Mickies was not on campus I am not sure if it would make it like it does but it fits perfectly into student world. Huge mounds of food for cheap and seat yourself atmosphere that makes this place feel perfect for any poor college student or alum who wants to pretend they are still in school. The fact that they do not take credit cards is a pain but only adds to the feel of the place. Somehow it all feels right at Mickies.
5	The.best.breakfast.in.town.Thanks bye.Okay to elaborate a bit - no matter what you order here for breakfast, it's going to be awesome.  And don't look for menu's - the eats are up on the wall, silly.  And it doesn't matter what time of day it is, order a milkshake.  I guarantee you ten dollars it'll be the best one you've ever had (the kind that they serve to you still in the freezing cold tin cup with a big long spoon).*Tip:  if you are smart you will PLAN to go to Mickie's and you will be there early, and not on a football weekend.  Otherwise you will be standing in line, most likely outside in the cold, for a long, long time.  Take it from me.  -30 degrees on a rumbling, empty stomach in January isn't really that much fun.
4	My experience with this place was it was a helluva good deal, tasty and greasy, but a TAD (just a tad) overrated.  But they called their hash browns "yanks", or at least they used to, which gives them bonus points.
5	Everything there tastes like bacon. This can be good or bad based on your preferences.
2	At the risk of getting killed by everybody else who gave Mickies 4 or 5 stars I just don't think the breakfast here is a) worth the waitb) all that good or specialc) I haven't had many meals here that didn't go right through meGo to Original House of Pancakes instead.
2	Hmm, wasn't quite a fan.  Perhaps it was the fact that my Reuben omelette was not altogether tasty and neither was my boyfriend's corned beef.  Still, I appreciate the ginormous portions and the cute setting.
3	To be fair, I haven't been there for breakfast, so maybe I missed out on "the best experience of a lifetime," yada yada...I went for lunch.  My sandwich was good, the fries were good, the milkshake I shared with my boyfriend was EXCELLENT, and huge - it filled both of our glasses & then some.  Even better- when he asked for the milkshake, she brought out TWO glasses along with the metal shaker, w/o either of us saying anything... hah - I got automatic access to the milkshake w/o having to get permission from him ;)The food was pretty much just like any other family style diner in Wisconsin (and many other places.)  But you do get a LOT to eat, and the employees were very helpful & nice.  If the place is so packed every weekend morning like they say it is, I don't understand why they can't afford to upgrade the building a little bit - it's practically falling apart!  Maybe because the prices are so cheap... I was looking at the menu ((on the wall!)) and thinking, "wow, I wonder if they turn a profit!!))If greasy-spoon diners creep you out, don't go.  If you're thinking of going for a leisurely late morning breakfast on a weekend, don't go.  If you want a good, cheap meal and you're not on a diet, eat your heart out!And no matter what else you order, ALWAYS get a milkshake or a malt.Heaven!
3	For a hangover, there is nothing like the Chili Omelet @ Mickey's Dairy bar.
4	Ah, the coffee cake!! I miss the blueberry coffee cake so bad .. I haven't had it in a while. You can taste the "home-made" and "they know what they're doing" in the coffee cake. I've also eaten breakfast there. I had a giant oriental omelet with "yankee" (hash brown type of thing) on the side. As it was suggested, I had the omelet with soy-sauce ... it makes sense with the "oriental omelet," right? So right. I loved it. My friend's gynormous  pancake was moist and fluffy and delicious, too. Both of us couldn't finish our meal, so we the took the rest of it home. If you plan to be there on a weekend morning, go early, otherwise bunch of hung overs like yourselves are going to be there and the wait can be pretty long.
4	Four stars for Mickies just being what it sets out to be - a dairy bar. Not sure what more I can add to the sentiments shared already, but you really should fast for a day or two before heading to Mickies. And just resist getting a side of something because your entree is going to kick your ass several times over. Sure, pancakes (with fake maple syrup...this ain't vermont), home fries and a shake seems doable when you're looking at the menu and the still-very -low prices. But each pancake is the size of the plate, and turns to a well-what-we're-you-expecting tower of curing cement once it's buttered and syruped up. A word to the wise: get the short stack. And of course your milkshake is accompanied by the metal mixing cup so you have a refill at the ready should you not go into lactose shock too soon. Truly one of Madison's gems.
5	This is everything a great greasy spoon diner should be.Good, cheap, and extremely filling food in a well worn atmosphere.I am always surprised by those who have spent considerable time in Madison and have never eaten at Mickies at least once. It breaks my heart.  Even if the food isn't totally up your alley it is an experience you must take in.  Mickies is living history.  There aren't many places like this around anymore. At least none that are this authentic.  It comforts me to think that this place is about the same as it has been for 50+ years and that it will likely continue to be exactly the same for another 50.Now specifically about the food. Everyone lauds the pancakes.  All you'll need is one and they come in an array of varieties.  The coffee cake is also stellar.  And I agree with others who lament that the omlettes and yanks are sometimes lacking in flavor, but hey, that's what salt and pepper is for. But for my money, the best thing on the menu is the scrambler. Especially if you just finished a night of hard drinking and/or you have a day of hard drinking ahead.  And go ahead...get it with the gravy.  That's the most illogical and thus delicious part.
5	The Scramblerrrrr...........AhhhhhhhhhhhhhThe buttermilk pancake........OoohhhhhhhhhhThe prices......ummm, did I even pay?
2	Somewhat decent breakfast food in a crowded, dirty restaurant. I guess I don't quite get the charm of this place. There was a diner that used to be on the east side that I thought was much better. Madison really doesn't have very good options for breakfast.
2	I don''t understand (and never have) what the fuss is all about.  This place has always been talked up as the zenith of cheap, delicious breakfast.Cheap?  Yes.Delicious?  No.There are so many diners in Madison where you can get a cheap breakfast that actually TASTES GOOD.  Everything there is too greasy and under-seasoned.  How do you manage to screw up eggs scrambled with cheese??  Their pancakes are bigger than dinner plates, but they're thick and dry and almost inedible.  I've given this place more than 3 tries and I come out disappointed every time.
5	I read the mixed reviews on here about Mickies - and returned myself a few weeks back. I hadn't been to Mickies in years, but it was as great as I remembered it. Now, comparing it to a foo-foo fancy breakfast place isn't fair. This is an old dated joint - with a menu on the wall and napkin dispensers from long before my dad was born. Plus, I don't know what most people order - but the breakfast I ordered was not anything I would consider healthy. It was good old fashion, great tasting, greasy fattening breakfast. That's what makes this place great!!We got great service - the waitress was super nice and very funny - great food and it was very very affordable. This place is fantastic and I can't wait to go again.
2	I haven't ever understood what people love so much about Mickies.  Sure it's super cheap, and sure they give big portions.  But, I tend to like my food to TASTE GOOD.  I tend to like my bacon NOT to taste like metal, and my pancakes to be less flour-y and dry and have some actual flavor.I'd rather go almost anywhere else for breakfast.
3	In town for homecoming weekend - Go Badgers! - our group had to try Mickie's.  We went on a Friday morning and the 6 of us waited maybe 5 minutes and were able to grab a big table, a big deal since it's seat yourself.  The service was a little slow, but it's an old fashioned breakfast place, so it was expected.  As a vegetarian and health nut, I was so very happy to see whole grain pancakes on the menu board.  They were.....different.  Kind of like bread, thick, and huge.  I liked them though.  The boys of course tackled the Scrambler.....and didn't eat until 8pm that night because they were so stuffed.  Overall, a cheap breakfast place near campus which us visitors enjoyed for it's individuality.
4	Worth the lines.  Try the scrambler--remember to share it with another person, it's nearly impossible to finish yourself.  Can't go wrong with anything off their menu here.  Cash only, tip well!
4	The most unhealthy place I have ever eaten. The scrambler is insane! Eggs + meat + cheese. Oh my lord it's huge. If you can handle the cholesterol spike, go.
3	Three little words (On my God!)came out of our mouths when we saw the size of the pancakes on our plates. One plate was enough to feed an army. Of course, we didn't know it when we ordered so we ordered  three for our family. The pancakes were better than IHOP or other pancake places but I still think mine are better. :=). I like it that it is not a chain restaurant and you are supporting locals. But it wasn't a spectacular. We heard good things about their pancakes so that's what we ordered but next time we go, we might order different thing just to try it out.
4	I went here for breakfast/brunch in autumn of 08. It was very good! I loved my blueberry shake, it was super delicious. The breakfast food was satisfying, but wasn't knock your socks off insanely awesome or special. I'd definitely go here again, it's a very homey, comfort food kind of place. Try the shakes!
3	The pancakes tasted like raw flour.  I couldn't really eat them because they were awful.  So I ordered some coffee cake, which was good, but nothing special.  We also had the scrambler.  I can't figure out why it was bad.  I mean it was okay.  Just very disappointing.  An bacon and cheese omelet on home fries.  I mean, eggs are eggs, right?  Cheese is cheese?  Home fries are home fries.  So I'm going to guess we just weren't in the mood for that type of food.   I kind of feel like a moron for actually criticizing greasy spoon quality food.  It's all basically the same unhealthy crap, right?
5	Madison isn't a diner town, so it's a good thing the one real diner we have is such a good one.  Most of the reviews here are about the breakfast, which is just fine, but (as the Yelp consensus has it) more distinguished by size than by taste.  But the secret of Mickie's is that it's a great place to have lunch -- no lines, especially on weekdays, and you can still order breakfast food if you want.  I like the $3.50 short-order hamburger here better than the $7.95 one at Dottie Dumpling's Dowry.  And their corned beef hash is terrific -- powerfully and interestingly spiced, quite a bit different from the standard formula for this dish. Very friendly to children -- the kids special, a big pancake, a one-egg omelet, bacon, and a drink, is a full meal for $3.95.
4	I had the opportunity to visit Mickie's when I was in Madison visiting my girlfriend. I like the old school 1950's lunch-counter vibe. The portions are huge and the food taste like its prepared from scratch. That being said, it's just "ok." I'm sure I'll get a lot of hate for that statement, but its true. If you can't get into Mickie's (its a small restaurant, so the wait time can be pretty long), try Ella's Deli. That place has good breakfast too and a ton of character.
5	For a breakfast place, Mickies is fantastic. This place has great scrambles and omelettes. The potatoes here were well cooked and well seasoned. A bit greasy, but for breakfast, cooking eggs in bacon fat is fantastic. Unfortunately it's rather packed in here during the morning and can be a bit cramped and uncomfortable. The service was quick and friendly. All in all, pretty solid food, for a great price. Would highly recommend.
4	Love it- its like a trip back to the 50's (I think?)If you are a diner fan, you should make a stop here. Even if not, who doesn't like the occasional greasy spoon?The breakfast here is great and classic. Scramblers are a good choice.FYI - It gets really busy on weekend mornings.
5	I've been reading the past reviews and there's always the occasional comment that the food is mediocre at best. The fact is, Mickey's (in my personal opinion) is not really for everyone. If you're looking for a refined breakfast that offers healthy options, look somewhere else. This is a place for the hungry, the sloppy eaters and people (college students=myelf) who will not find a better deal for a hearty american breakfast at 7 bucks.  At the end of the day, it is what it is, a classic all american diner, and i'm hoping it stays that way even when i come back to visit in the future!
5	If you are UW student or just live downtown this place is a most visit! Mickies has been around for a very very long time, My grandfather told me stories about when it was open until midnight while he attend UW back in the forties! Just image Mickies as drunk food! The food is delicious. The service is fantastic. My personal favorite is the tuna melt with yanks. There are also great lunch specials that come with yanks, soup and soft drink for around $5!!!!! Remember that Mickies is cash only and gets very busy on Sunday.
5	Restaurants should be judged against what they're trying to do, not against Tavern on the Green in NYC no matter what restaurant it is.This is a breakfast place in a college town.  It's a ton of food for very little money, and the perfect cure for a hangover.  If you're looking for haute cuisine, this ain't it.The pancakes are overwhelming in size and portion, the scramblers are famous, and any meal there can feed two over-30 adults.  Great malts, great 50s diner atmosphere, and long lines on weekend mornings.  Enjoy.
5	My favorite breakfast place in Madison. Great remedy for a hangover. I've only had the pancakes and hashbrowns, and they are great. I've heard the shakes are legendary. Fun old-school ambience, very affordable place. My only qualm is that it is a pretty small joint so you might have to waiting awhile for a place to sit.
5	YUM!  This busy little place has an actual bar. I grabbed a stool at the bar on a Saturday morning and ordered the Scrambler with sausage. YUM!  It's the perfect combination of creamy egg, melting cheese, perfectly cooked potatoes, and yummy sausage.  The place is huge and comes with four half slices of wheat toast.  Best $7 spent.The Blueberry Coffee Cake was also good at only $2.  The coffee is mediocre at $1.50.
5	This place is the bar amongst which all breakfast places will have to measure up to.  The scrambler is a beast of a breakfast which has already been touted as a hangover cure in other peoples' reviews.  It's true, I know from experience.  Basically an over-sized meat (of your choice) and cheese omlette over hash-browned potatoes with more pure melted Wisconsin cheese goodness over the top of it all.  Along with a side of gravy, 4 pieces of toast, and a masterpiece milkshake, this meal could maybe even cure cancer.  Too bad you'll have a heart attack right after all the cancer cells wave the white flag.I never even bother with the pancakes when all you ever need is a scrambler, though I hear they're fantastic and huge.  And the prices are super low too.  This place gets busy on weekend mornings, and rightfully so.  I miss this place, a lot.  I guess I'll just have to suffer here at my new home in Hawaii... suckas!
4	Mickies Dairy Bar is awesome b/c it is a Madison staple that is located walking distance from Camp Randall (and coincidentally by where I lived for two years). Mickies Dairy Bar is also awesome b/c they serve the BEST milkshakes in town!! I mean the kind that come in that old school tin cup that keeps 'em cold for hours. My only real gripes about Mickies is that for some reason I had a hard time figuring out their hours AND don't even think about coming here the morning of football games unless you get up at the crack of dawn and have pretty good patience/tolerance of the cold and major hunger pains... :(
4	Definitely delicious. I love the atmosphere of the diner and the hustle and bustle. The food was great and inexpensive. I'm at Edgewood, so it's really close and easy to get to. It does get crowded on the weekends, so make sure you have enough time. It also gets a little tight and you can end up sitting by strangers. It didn't bother me, but it gets kind of cramped! Overall really awesome place, great Madison feel!
4	Mickies! To be honest, I haven't been here in ages. I use to come here all the time when I was a student and absolutely loved it. When I was in Madison, this was the shinning beacon of breakfast joints. During the weekends it would get pretty crowded. So crowded that sometimes the people waiting for tables could hover you. At times, that was a bit uncomfie. Otherwise, everything else was fabulous. Its retro in looks and amazing in taste. Love the scramblers. I also have fond memories of their pancakes as I got to have them next to Butch Vig.
3	The eggs were brown, the coffee was weak, and the hashbrown potatoes were a bit flavorless from being overcooked... that being said, I totally get why people love this place! I got two eggs over medium with toast, bacon, and hashbrowns (my standard for judging any breakfast establishment), and my boyfriend got the ham scrambler with gravy on top (he's a sucker for gravy.. what can I say?). We managed to find two seats at the end of the counter on a busy Saturday morning. Service was quick and our waitress was so attentive.. our water glasses were never empty and she was happy to give me a styrofoam coffee cup and she even topped me up on the way out! This place is straight out of the 1950s from the cramped space to the way the order tickets get sent to the line. The food was relatively inexpensive ($7 for each of our meals that stuck to our bones for the better part of the day.. and we have hearty appetites!) and was definitely satisfying. Like some reviewers have mentioned before me: don't make this place something it isn't! Also, I mentioned that my potatoes were a bit flavorless, but when I took a bite of my guy's scrambler, it all came together! They need the gravy and cheese for sure. If you're new to Madison or just visiting, this is a classic establishment that you really should check out!
5	I haven't lived in Madison for 10 years, but I still fantasize about the Scrambler and the blueberry pancakes.  I lived at the Regent and this is where I'd sober up after a night out or fuel up after a row.  Your best bet is to get there early.  You'll want to stand over tables like a hawk, gawking at the patrons as if to say "Come on, finish that last bite and get out of here so I can have your table."  Actually make them feel uncomfortable.  They will leave.  You will eat.  All will be well.My first time at Mickey's I learned about the pancakes from an Indiana fan.  He was there for an away football game.  He ordered pancakes and put them into plastic ziplocks to bring back to Indiana for his wife.  Yes, they are that good.
3	Mickies is really all about a matter of opinion. If you're looking for some down-home diner food, this is for you. And by diner food I mean food that's produced en mass and not necessarily attended to for quality. and service that's rushed because the place is always full to the brim. Portions are big, prices are good....matter of opinion?
4	I always make time to visit this place when I'm in Madison.  It's part Old School Big 12 college town grub and part Wisconsin Dairy State throwback.  If you've got the nerve (and the appetite!), order the SCRAMBLER.  It's a bed of fried potatoes covered with scrambled eggs with sausage, covered with gravy and grated cheese.  Subtract five years from your life for each one of these you eat.
5	It's so simple, or so it seems... but it's amazing how many people manage to screw up eggs, meat, potatoes, pancakes, french toast, and the rest of the breakfast experience. For what it serves, Mickies Dairy Bar does it perfectly... every single time.
4	I came here with the BF for breakfast and was expecting the worst since I'm not really a fan of these counter style breakfast places where everyone seats themselves and are packed in like sardines. When we got there it was utter chaos but the gods must have been watching over us because we spotted a hidden empty table and sat down immediately (much to the dismay of the other people who were waiting and didn't see the table bwahahaha). Our waitress was super friendly and reminded me of Sarah Palin (I didn't hold that against her). The BF ordered the Scrambler with bacon and sausage with a small glass of chocolate milk. I was shocked by how much food that was and was even more shocked by how delicious it turned out. I got the blueberry pancakes with a side of sausage and home fries. These were the biggest, most dense pancakes ever. I was very proud that I was able to almost finish one of those beasts. I took the rest to go and enjoyed them later as a post breakfast/pre lunch snack. All in all we were both very pleased by our meal and the price was very reasonable considering how much food we got.
2	Ew. Ew ew ew. My palette is not THAT discerning, by any means. But. Flavorless canned mushrooms and frozen spinach in my omelet. No seasoning, and just sort of a big sloppy mess dropped onto a plate. Took forever to take our order, much less get it to us. Only reason it's getting 2 stars is that the hash browns were okay. Not really sure why it gets such high reviews.
4	We avoided the Saturday Badger crowds, but even on Friday morning, Mickies Dairy Bar was packed. There's no waiting list or anything, so you just gotta keep your eye on the prize, and hover with purpose. There seemed to be a pretty quick turnover though, so the four of us were able to get a table before too long. The place is fairly small, with a long, U-shaped counter space in the middle, and tables lining the perimeter, with waitresses darting in and out serving their charges. Lots of history adorn the walls, lending Mickies the air of the quintessential diner.As we sat down and ordered coffee, we talked a bit with our friendly server who explained a few of the offerings to us. We didn't peruse the menu very long before we had all settled on the Scrambler: A plate-sized bed of potatoes piled high with eggs scrambled with your choice of meat, all smothered with cheddar cheese and cream gravy, with toast on the side. Two of us went for sausage, two for bacon, and based on our server's recommendation, we got a side of corned beef hash as well. When our mounds of diner breakfast glory came out, we couldn't believe we had ordered extra, but that hash was actually the surprise hit. The large potato quotient in the Scrambler could get a little bland in spots, but we all agreed that if you chose the hash as part of your Scrambler, it might just be breakfast heaven, with its unique hints of chili powder and cumin.The four of us waddled out of Mickies fully sated, and fueled for an epic day in Madison.
3	Mickies, a Madison institution. Had to try it, glad I did, even happier that I won't have to again. Now, I will say that I am not a big fan of piles of breakfast foods covered in gravy, but their's was certainly nothing special. I got the Scrambler because that is what you get when you go to Mickies. It was good not great. The coffee was decent, the atmosphere was existent, all was satisfactory. I am told that this place is packed most days and that on game days (like the day I attended) it has an hour plus wait. If I had waited even 10 minutes to sit down this place would have only gotten 2 stars. Just saying.  All in all it was a pleasant experience.
4	This place is a Madison tradition, go there on game day, the weekend, or just when you're hungover.  Closed Mondays!  Get there early if you want a seat on Saturdays.  It's nearly impossible to get seats for a group of 5 plus when they're busy.  No waiting list or lines, prepare yourself to fight for a seat.The place looks like it hasn't been changed in 50 years.  There's an old school bar in the center and barstool seating, along with booths around the perimeter.  The food is filling, plentiful, and cheap.  $7 will get you more than you can eat.  Pretty standard for breakfast food, not great, not bad.
5	In college we had a monthly tradition of going to Mickies on a Friday morning, ordering scramblers and then overcoming a looming food comatose in class. You can feel the tradition in this place going back decades, with generations of UW students who have had their breakfast here.Alongside Camp Randall football, Union Terrace euchre, farmer's market saturdays, and jogging out to picnic point, Mickies Dairy Bar is one of my favorite memories from student life in Madison.Just one note though - they only take cash so visit the ATM beforehand.
4	This cash-only classic is a fantastic find for families visiting Madison! Located steps away from Camp Randall, the football fortress on the campus of the University of Madison, this 50's lunch counter has classic charm and a simple, affordable menu. Pancakes, eggs, cinnamon rolls, coffee cakes, shakes and malts make up the bulk of this menu. A kid's menu also offers smaller portions of adult options. The potions are large, the food is great--classic comfort food served quickly and with a smile--and the restaurant has both stools and booths. You'll need to park in the surrounding neighborhood, and you should be prepared to stand in line to get inside, depending upon what time you arrive. With lines of people waiting to eat, lingering is not an option--but exposing your kids to diner style dining is worth the wait!
4	I always go for the scrambler,milk shakes, and coffee for Sunday brunch.  Really cozy diner which is unique to Madison.
5	Yummy in the tummy
2	Meh.  The environment is cool, old-time Madison (love the 50s menu on the wall), the servers are great, but the food's only so-so.  Huge portions, but nothing special.    If you get the corned beef hash, ask for it crispy, otherwise it's too mushy.
3	Mickie's kind of reminds me of Frank's Diner in Kenosha with the added benefit of more space and the unbenefit of no bad attitude (though that is the charm of FD).  I'd actually give this a 3.5 if we could do half stars.  It's not quite to a 4 but it's still a little better than a 3 for a diner.  You get to wait in line until a spot opens up - and if you go on a weekend, that may be a while.  Service was ok - our meals sat in the window for a little while before we got them  - but the guy working behind the bar was pleasant enough and I got my refills on my coffee before I asked for them so that works for me.  I had the griddle cakes, which are enormous and substantial and so good, with the oatmeal, apples and raisins.  One order might actually be enough for two people.  DH had the sausage scrambler and I tried a bit - the potatoes were slightly undercooked, which I love, and I guess I was surprised by the breakfast sausage in there as I think I thought it should have been some other kind.  Either way, the portion was enormous and it was quite delicious.  I also quite liked their coffee.  For the price, it can't be beat.  You just have to be patient with the lines - if not, it may not be the place for you.  Somewhere we'll try again if we go back.
1	Mickies did not live up the hype. It was busy and crowded so I expected the best, but unfortunately ended up with food poisoning from doughy and uncooked tasting pancakes.  Even the toast was limp and subpar.  The service was fine but I will not be going back for any of their food.
4	I could write a review with just three words....and they would be: Try the scrambler. But alas, I'm honest and have to say I've really never had the scrambler at Mickies. Oh I've seen plenty of them but I always chose to order their delicious pancakes instead. So, on that note, order pancakes. Any flavor will do, they are all incredible. Special attention should be paid to their pumpkin variety when in season. As others have said, the food is quite affordable, service very sweet (a la your grandmother's kitchen) and man it can get crowded on the weekends. And if you're feeling really great one day, definitely get a milkshake. Mmmmm.
5	You cannot find a better value for your dollar for breakfast in Madison.  This place does everything very well, but in my opinion, they do 2 things outstanding which absolutely cannot be beat in Madison:1.) Home made Corned Beef Hash - AMAZING - I think they put onion and cumin in it which gives it a really unique flavor.  It's so good, I'll sometimes go there to have it for lunch.  Add 2 eggs (over easy) to it, and you won't be let down.2.) Griddle Cakes - Oatmeal pancakes packed with cinnamon apples and raisins.  Don't even try to finish it, expect leftovers.  You've are warned...Seriously great breakfast, and the lines out the door tell it all.To avoid the lines, get there by 7-8 a.m (especially on weekends).
5	This place is legend....dairy.   Maybe it's nostalgic college memories, but it is still home to my all time favorite breakfast, the scrambler.  I have mine with sausage, gravy and cheese on top.  I still make it a point to go back whenever in Madison.  Last time in town I brought my wife for the first time.  We ordered a scrambler and an order of hot cakes to share.  She liked it so much she didn't share.  I got stuck with the pancakes (not a bad consolation prize).  The only solution was to go back the next day and get 2 scramblers.  True story.
4	Great price, great hangover food.  Eggs, potatoes and enough grease to suck up the nasties leftover from the night before.  The service was pretty decent too.  Not too much ambience, but its cool anyway because I think its the same as it was when it was opened years before (50s?).
4	A Madison breakfast classic - the one place I will get up entirely-too-early to go to. This place gets REALLY busy mid-morning on the weekends, and don't plan on being able to get a table here before a football game in the fall. But, it's worth the wait and jockeying for seats with the other waiting patrons.The pancakes are great! One is more than enough, even for those with a healthy appetite... yet, somehow, I always get talked into ordering two. They're pretty delicious heated up the next morning, too!
1	Note that this review is solely for the pancakes (specifically the banana nut ones). If you go there, get something else. After all, other reviewers seem to like this place okay. Each pancake was like a thick slab of cardboard. They were way too dry. You could barely choke them down, and when I drenched them in syrup to try and moisten them up (to the point where the syrup was nearly overpowering), it was still too dry. Once again, I don't know about the other food, but go somewhere else for pancakes.
4	Good food, nice waitstaff, huge portions. Can anything bad be said about a restaurant that brings your coffee cake before yor meal. Nice and warm, and e seasonal strawberry rhubarb is to die for.
5	Had a dream last night about their homemade strawberry rhubarb coffee cake...  And strong coffee too!
4	We were in WIsconsin for a wedding last week and only had one day to spend in Madison. Our very first stop? Mickie's! It's always packed in the mornings with hung over college kids and hot as all get out during the summer. The service is pretty slow and it's usually so noisy you can barely hear yourself think but it's awesome! We had to go in and get a sausage scrambler. The size of the thing is massive and seeing it  helped me understand why I put on so much weight in college :) This place is just a Madison landmark and I look forward to many more scramblers in visits to come.
4	On this (of many past) occasion I got 2 huge whole grain pancakes and a monster sized veggie omelet with toast for just a bit over $12 and it was amazing! Filling is an understatement! It hit the spot and then some lets just say that much. Plate sized, hot thick pancakes full of fluffy flapjack goodness on one plate and then a plain omelet stuffed with 6, yes 6 veggies (of my choosing) on the other. Service was fast and friendly despite a fairly busy Thursday morning (8am) I was please with this experience on many levels! It saddens me to be relocating 2000 miles away by the end of the month for work! I will miss Mickies dearly!
3	I hope you're sitting down for this... I'm from the Madison area - I lived here 25+ years, moved away, and returned.  ...And until a few weekends ago, I had never been to Mickies.  (GASP - faint - thud - groggy groan)I know. I know.  I should have my Badger card revoked.  Thankfully, a group of coworkers and I decided to meet here for breakfast on a Friday morning a few weeks ago.  Our group of 8 was quickly seated in the center of the incredibly tiny establishment.  A waiter tossed water cups on our table, filled them, and took coffee orders.  The waiter could barely maneuver between the crammed-close tables, but he was a pro - never spilled a drop.By 7:30am, the place was packed.  And keep in mind, this was a Friday, pre-school year.  Our group of 30s-40s-and-a-few-50s-somethings looked wildly out-of-place, as we were the only ones not sporting pajama-pants, a UW t-shirt, and a hangover.  :-)Orders were taken, and after a lengthy wait, our food arrived.  The servings are indeed HUGE.  And by huge I mean ginormous - like canoe vs cruise ship huge.  I went with two scrambled eggs with a side of toast, and I'd swear I got four eggs.  My coworkers ordered everything from pancakes to omelets to the infamous scrambler with sawmill gravy.  There were regular pancakes (decent), whole grain pancakes (very, very dry - hard to swallow, even with copious amounts of "syrup").  The omelets were monstrous - someone ordered a Reuben omelet and literally fought with it, as it was messy and massive.  The scrambler plates looked great; I didn't sample them, but they received solid reviews.  Our waiter never let the coffee cups hit half empty; it actually became a problem later in the meal - we kept waving him away.  Perhaps Mickies should get some of those red/green chips like they have at the churasco places to help signal your coffee wants... The check came, and as is posted on the door - cash only.  Breakfast for 8 totaled just under $100 with tip... I think they miscalculated, but it was difficult to review/refute as the place was like a bee-hive by 9:00am.  So... my bucket list has one less item on it.  Not sure I'd return - as far as quality and sanity goes, I'd much rather visit a few other places.  It's definitely an experience, though, and I can only imagine what it would be like during a game day weekend.Mickies = OKFood = 2.5 stars (huge portions; largely flavorless)Value = 2.5 stars (difficult call)Service = 3.5 starsMISC = 2 stars (noisy, cramped, cash only)
2	I always think of Mickies as a must-go place when I am in town, but this time around, I questioned why that is the case.  The food was decidedly mediocre, not cheap and the wait was interminable.  My companion's omelet, ordered with pepperjack cheese, was served with cheddar sprinkled on top.  My mushroom and swiss omelet almost certainly was made with slimy canned mushrooms.  The fried cheese curds - which my every visit to Madison must include - were forgettable, sadly.  Even the coffee was not up to snuff.  At least the waitstaff was friendly and trying hard.
2	So I love the food here.  I do.  I give it TWO full stars for food.  However, the other three they lose come from lack of service and organization.You come in and wait in a hoard of persons vying for a table.  The line usually splits in two so it is the luck of the draw as to whether you get seated before the people who were five behind you in line.  It would be so simple (and probably quicker) to have someone directing people.  It is terrible enough that it loses three stars.  Perhaps that is not a breaking point for other people, but essentially stalking people while they eat is not my cup of tea.The space in there is terrible.  You can not fit between tables, let alone in the winter with a coat on.  People bring strollers in to the restaurant creating blockages and tripping hazards.  None of this ok.  If you are going to have a diner as packed as the Dairy Bar, please prohibit strollers.  Callous?  Perhaps, a little.  However, it brings down your liability when someone will inevitably trip and fall.The food is great.  Affordable, delicious and huge portions.  One portion is enough to feed two people (maybe three).  The food is hot and it is served quickly.  I was impressed that when I ordered scrambled eggs they came out fluffy.  In the restaurant business, eggs are generally the make or break point.  They are sometimes burned, some flat, sometimes just plain inedible.  Mickies is great when you want to grab a quick breakfast and just hang out for the day.Avoid this place like the plague if you are there on the day of a football game.  It is a stone's throw from Camp Randall and as you can imagine packed with a sea of red.  Overall, Mickies is not to be missed.  However, leave everything but your wallet in the car.  And wear comfortable shoes because it is going to be a long wait.
4	Ok, if you're going to Mickies during the weekend, be prepared to wait. In line. Out the door. Needless to say, do not go here on a gameday. You will wait way to long to eat and not be a happy fan after that experience. BUT it is well worth the wait!Get the Scrambler. Grilled potatoes, piled with eggs and your choice of meat and topped with gravy. You can also ask for the gravy on the side, which I always do.This was the first restaurant I missed after moving away from Madison after school. Gotta love the bang for the buck!
5	Our favorite couple to visit in Madison took us to this amazing place. I don't need to say much more than ermergerd reuben omelette, but I will.The seating is first come first serve (no hostess), and I bet that can get brutal. However, we went on a Sunday at about 10am and waited about 15-20 minutes. Not bad at all. The place was small, cute, and old-fashioned looking. The service was on point and polite - a huge plus.Our friends got chocolate shakes, and boy howdy do I regret not getting one. That was the best damn chocolate shake my lips have touched, and I used to work at an ice cream place. So hopefully that gives me some credibility. The guys got the scrambler, and it looked tasty enough. It was huge, and from what I gathered, it's what the dairy bar is know for. But ignore that, because I hit the jackpot in this story. If you like reubens, you would become absolutely obsessive over their reuben omelette. It had everything you could want: tender corned beef, swiss cheese, sauerkraut, and thousand island. Ate the whole thing. Just get it okay? You get hash browns and toast, too.This heifer gives Mickey's a thumbs up.
4	Mickies Dairy Bar is not healthy, the portions are enormous, and you are given an incredible amount to choose from for breakfast. Mickies gets a four for all the Saturdays my family came here and grabbed a booth early in the morning. Chocolate shakes aren't the same when they aren't served in a huge tin cup and finally I am to the size where I can actually finish a scrambler. If you go to Mickies make sure you go when you've got plenty of time, because you are going to need it for all the food. There is often a wait also.
5	Hands down, this is the best breakfast/brunch place in all of Madison (because I've never been there for dinner).If you're looking for a big, hearty breakfast at a cheap price, Mickies Dairy Bar is the way to go. I highly recommend the scrambler, a huge egg-fiasco with your choice of ingredients. By the way, it's huge. But, truth be told, anything and everything on their breakfast menu is fabulous. I love the banana cinnamon nut pancakes, the steak and eggs, the french toast, and their omelettes (forgot which omelettes I had, but I assure you they're all good).Anyways, my advice is to go to Mickies Dairy Bar with an empty stomach and a hungry appetite because sometimes you might just want to order more than one thing. I will forewarn you that you might have to wait a bit on Saturday mornings, but it'll be worth it for sure.
5	I have 1 word for you: Scrambler!This place is great. A tucked in little "old time" cafe. some of the best big plate breakfast choices you will find in the Madison area. I always get the signature breakfast item, the Scrambler. It is multiple eggs combined with your choice of 1 item (or more for extra) including but not limited to, sausage, bacon, peppers, onion, mushroom....you name it pretty much and they will throw it in this fantastic concoction. All this on top of yanks (sliced soft potato's) covered is brown breakfast gravy and a ton of cheese!!!!!!!!! With bread.A ton of cheese, yes please!!!!!!!!!!A word to the wise, prepare yourself for a wait to sit down on the weekend, and football season is mad crazy since this little cafe is next to Camp Randall. On the week day, you should be just fine getting a decent booth seat. Fast service all the time, even when they are packed full. If your in Madison, you have to hit this place up for Breakfast!
5	THE COFFEE CAAAKE! Oh. It is the coffee cake that haunts my dreams. Moist and full of apples and topped with the most luscious, crumbly, crunchy topping. Huge, probably 5 inches tall. That alone is an excellent reason to visit here. The pancakes are ridiculous - bigger than your head and for sure worth sharing. The milkshakes are also huge and fabulously rich. I've had their burgers, which are scrumptiously greasy and fitting for a diner. I love the old-timey decor. I've been coming here since I was a kid and I don't think they've changed a single thing, which is pretty amazing. Service is quick and efficient. Basically, anything you get here is going to be huge and incredibly filling. Love all of it. Be prepared to wait for a table if you come at a busy time or have a group larger than 4. It's worth the wait. (I've noticed a few other reviews talk about the difficulty of "vying for a table" - my experience is that people are willing to be polite and orderly and establish a respectful "no budging" line... maybe this isn't true when the students are in town, as I usually go over summer break?) Parking might also be difficult, particularly if it's a game day.
5	Best pancakes I've ever had - ever (not kidding)Love this place --
5	My luck with finding cash-only establishments recently has become more of an annoyance than a welcomed change of pace. I'm not intentionally seeking these places out! But, as long as what you're offering is worth me having cash and loose change in my pocket, I'll curb my attitude. Mickies Dairy Bar - the place that will serve you a scrambler that you can't finish in just one sitting. Or at least that is what I was told - and to my friend, after I stopped laughing at his tale, I told him there could be no such place.I was wrong.I ordered the scrambler for breakfast, with a large milk and a side of toast (though, I think the toast came with it - but that's neither here nor there). That scrambler of potatoes, eggs, cheese and meat (I know there was bacon in there!) filled my entire plate - and it was not a small plate! I didn't waste time admiring the portion of food I was served, I dug right in. It was just as tasty as it smelled! Bite after bite, I continued to enjoy it, after about two-thirds I realized that if I chose to finish it, I was likely going to feel sick for the rest of the day. I still had enough to make it a nice lunch later, so I threw in the towel and gave in to the hearty meal.So my friend was right, you can't finish it in one sitting (assuming that you add the idea of leaving comfortably to the end of his sentence). Believe me, if there was a wall of shame, I would have made it up there - but there was no point in doing it if all I'd leave with was an aching stomach.The actual venue itself was pretty retro, you could eat at a booth or table, but if you didn't want to wait, you could just belly up to the bar - as I did. Though, if you're 6'4" like myself, waiting for a table or booth with the necessary leg room should be something to consider. Needless to say, I won't be sitting up at the bar again, it was a bit uncomfortable.Look around at the walls while you're there. They still have their original signs up that advertise a time where meals were down right cheap! Don't forget to bring some cash and use some of it to tip your waitress.
4	Yes there most likely will be a long line outside the door. Even so far as the end of the sidewalk to the street. But don't let that stop you from finding a parking spot.When we went on a Sunday morning, the line was long but was moving fast. We found when we got inside that there was a person helping navigate the line.We got seats right in front of the shake maker on the counter. Forget the name of the guy working the machine but he was a show of fun. That was he job just to make shake and malt. He showed us his hands. They looked freezer burned. Really wanted to give him a pair of gloves. Watching him make all the flavor made the time go fast waiting for the food. It did come surprisingly fast with the full house. Put for some reason whenever your hungry your stomach likes to make it feel so much slower.Our waitress was friendly and didn't seem rushed thou it was crazy busy. They had extra hands just to clear tables and fill waters. We all got the Scrambler. You can get bacon, sausage or ham in the eggs. There is potatoes under the eggs, topped with cheese and gravy with a side of toast. If you want you can ask to have the gravy on the side. Huge portions for everything. The gravy wasn't very rich in flavor and on the more runny side. I always end up eating my eggs with ketchup anyway. Pure comfort food right there! Shared a side of Hash and Buttermilk Pancakes. The Hash had an excellent smokey flavor. The pancakes were huge. Had great buttermilk flavor but on the denser side. But im just think that was because we had so much food and it all came at once that they just sat there densing up. Hopefully that was the case.Overall my stomach hates me. My wallet loves me. Will be back to explore the menu. The Cinnamon Roll looked gooey divine.CASH ONLY!!!
2	I really, really wanted to love this place. I love breakfast and hit Sophie (Sofia's?) on the East side, which I loved. I love dirty spoons/diners. It's not about the decor or even the service-it's about the food. You may get quantity but what good it quantity without quality? The scrambler was a big plate-but the bottom was about a 1/3 lb of breakfast potatoes, gravy was low quality and a little funky. I had the french toast which was cinnamon bread dipped one side in egg. In fact-one side of the french toast was egg yolk yellow and the other was plain bread. The bread wasn't soaked-it was more of a fried egg bread than french toast. Also-the place is called a DAIRY BAR and the cream for your coffee is the little cups on Dean's creamer that sit out all day. I can see this as a hangover place for Camp Randall kids-the price point is low. But so was the experience. I think the place is resting on its laurels-the nostalgia and location will bring locals in-but not a place I would ever make a special trip to again.
5	This diner-style joint is at the center of food quality, service, and value for your money. It might not be the type of place you would take a special guest, but it's a great stop over on a lazy Sunday morning with family or friends.The scrambler is always good, and big enough to split between two people. Pancakes are giant-sized, cakey, and make excellent leftovers. My go-to items are the blueberry coffee cake, a side of bacon, and the refillable coffee. I can always count on the coffee. Game days are usually really crowded, but the line moves along pretty quickly.
3	Sensory Overload. Sunday Fundays should be started with food similar to what is on the menu at Mickies Dairy Bar. I woke last Sunday morning with a wee-bit of a headache, a dog breathing in my face, and my friends waking me telling me to get up for breakfast.As someone who doesn't say no go greasy eggs and potatoes, I was all in.My friends were veterans to the Mickies Dairy Bar scene. Me, being the newbie had no idea I was walking into shoulder-to-shoulder breakfast goers. We hunched around a table like a pack of wolves about to descend on some prey. As soon as the people got up from their table, game on. Our server was great. She arrived promptly, and never let my coffee get empty. No errors in our order either, and my friend's order was pretty fine-tuned/precise (she's a bit of a princess). Our food came out hot and plentiful.I ordered the scrambler, aka a heart attack on a platter, and ate about a 1/3 of it. The eggs were good, but the potatoes were mushy and lacking in flavor. I tried adding hot sauce, as well as salt and pepper but it was still lacking in flavor. If hangover food is what you are looking for, this is your place. There is a lot of food, but from I tried, it is lacking in flavor. Would I come here again? Yes, if you are looking for greasy-spoon type food, but not if I was looking for a more flavorful classier breakfast.It is loud. It is red and white. It is Wisconsin.
4	OK, I'm bumping this one up to 4.  Yes, you're still going to have to wait but it is worth it.  On the most recent visit, service was really good in spite of the long line, and, quite honestly, for the price, it's kind of hard to beat it.  Our server this time was very charming and funny and it definitely added to the experience.  If I ate here every week, I would probably die, but for when we are in town, it will continue to be one of our breakfast spots, no matter how long we have to wait!
5	Before this past Saturday, I have never waited outside of Mickies and have considered myself extremely fortunate.  During my last trip, our group had to wait for about 10 minutes.  Our table was crammed up to the radiator next to the main window.  There were people bumping into us everywhere.  I LOVE MICKIES!Our service has been prompt in the past.  During this trips "swamped" time, our service was not slacked at all.  Our waitress (who my wife and I have had several times before) was legitimately happy to see us and kept our drinks filled the entire time despite the hectic population.For breakfast (though it was lunch time, I can not live without breakfast) the Scrambler is king.  Do it any way you want.  You can not lose at Mickies.  As long as this cornerstone of Madison is here, I will be a happy patron.
5	Great burgers, cheap beer, friendly staff, and a relaxed dive-ish atmosphere.  What else could you want?
4	I love Mickie's! The place is a bit cramped and you will probably have to wait a while before being seated. The food is definitively worth the wait, though! The pancakes are like little pillows!  A visit to Mickie's makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside and brings me back to my days as a student at UW. :-)
4	There are few places in Madison that match Mickey's Dairy Bar for breakfast.  The place is historically marvelous.  It's like stepping back in time.   You can enjoy classic diner decor.  The portions are generous and the price is reasonable.  It's hard to go wrong with any of the classic breakfast and lunch items on the menu. My recommendation goes out to the SCRAMBLER - a behemoth mountain of fried potato, egg, cheese, meat and veggies smothered in Gravy.  You'll also enjoy their pancake (singular) that overshadows the plate. A single pancake is a meal. Huge portions of coffee cake and cinnamon rolls are also available.  On weekends -- and when there are Badger home games -- be prepared to wait for a table. It's a small restaurant. It's worth the wait, tho!
4	Pb milkshake, blueberry pancakes, and the scrambler. All delicious and it was a ton of food!
4	I had to check this place out after seeing it featured on home games on ESPN. Hard to believe that when I was a freshman at The Regent over 25 years ago, this place was right around the corner, and I never went there. As a lost kid from Hawaii, I literally thought this place only served milk and ice cream. Not my favorite things in life so I never ventured in.On a recent trip back to Madison (first in 14 years), my buddy picked me up at Dane County Airport and we made a bee line to this place. It's not a small place but it was crowded with folks standing against the wall waiting for people to leave the counter. Luckily, we just beat the crowd and were seated quickly. We went over the menu and I decided on the chili cheese omelette. The gal next to me was nice enough to warn me how big the portions were. Our waitress was busier than a one legged man in an ass kicking contest but she was cool, collected and patient with us as we asked questions. The food arrives and it is HUGE! Not Cracker Barrel huge but for $7 it was large and in charge. Usually when servings are this big, it's to make up for a lack of quality. Well, the chili was excellent and the omelette was done just right. Fluffy and not overcooked. Coffee was also pleasantly good. Not the usually weak as tea stuff you usually get from diners.Overall, this place is a gem. Staff was awesome, clientele (mostly hungry students) made me nostalgic for my old college days. Next time I'm back in Madison, I'll have to come back and try something new.My only regret, I should have bought a shirt...
5	OLD SCHOOL DINER.  If you could bottle the smell, taste, and look you would be a rich man!Barely anything has changed, original menu maybe slightly tweaked, but otherwise this is a genuine diner for breakfast, and breakfast I can eat at any meal.Be prepared to come early on the weekend if you don't want to wait in line.  My favorite is still rye toast with fluffy scrambled eggs and bacon.DELISH.Absolute must to take guests, newbies, or any others that somehow missed this spot right on Monroe Street.
5	Pretty awesome place and about as authentic-Madison as it gets. You can expect lines at this place and it is slightly cramped but those are basically the only gripes.The food is awesome, from the giant pancakes to the scrambler (omelette piled high with chedder cheese and gravy). There are several different pancakes (regular, cornmeal, blueberry, strawberry, etc.) and they are big. Almost an inch THICK. It's $5-$6 for 2 pancakes and one is generally enough.Cash only. Can't wait to go back.
3	Mickies Dairy Bar is an institution in Madison. It's excellent at what it does (no-frills breakfast and lunch diner food), but there's very little here that you can't either find better for cheaper at a place like The Curve, or that you could probably make as well as or better than Mickies in your own kitchen.The ambiance is almost like stepping into a UW-Madison time capsule malt shop from the 1950s. They have old menu boards on display, the booths are weathered with a lived-in feel, the diner counter is an antique, and the bathrooms are tucked away under a squeaky wooden staircase. It can get impossibly loud on Saturdays, and I would abandon all hope of ever finding space on a Badger Football Saturday.The service is quite good. Servers are cheerful, the kitchen is very fast (even when busy), and the coffee flows endlessly, as long as they aren't closing soon. I once wanted to do a crossword puzzle but had no writing utensil, so our server fetched one for me. They always remember to ask about the details of orders (such as whether you want gravy for your scramble on top or the side). He was pretty stingy with our coffee refills as soon as our food (quickly) came, though, since they were going to be closing. I get that he's probably exhausted - I used to work the weekend morning rushes at Marigold - but rushing us out like that (we'd gone in at least 45 minutes before closing) was obnoxious, since there were several other patrons still dining as we were leaving. If you are the kind of person who likes refills, I suggest trying a counter booth or counter stool, as you are more in their line of sight.The food is hearty diner fare. You can order off of the breakfast meal all day, and possibly the lunch menu, too. They also have daily specials (at least during weekdays, except for Mondays when they're closed), which have generous portions and several accompaniments.The breakfast scramble is legendary, and an excellent hangover cure. It does need some salt and pepper, though. The two-egg breakfast is pretty cheap and good for an early weekday breakfast. The pancakes are enormous, and incredibly thick and heavy. A few bites are good, but I don't think I could even make it through a whole one. The coffee cake is a less-dense, delicious alternative if you like sweet food with your breakfast, especially when it has blueberries. Lunch-wise, they have fantastic sweet potato fries (sometimes), though the regular fries are nothing to write home about. The soups tend to be pretty good, but the sandwiches (toasted on the grill) are so heavy and greasy. You don't need to slather butter onto bread when you're making a Reuben with a ton of cheese and thousand island dressing; I love fatty diner food on occasion, but even this is beyond me.  The burgers are a safer bet. All in all, it's delicious and reasonably-priced after a night of regrettable drinking, but not something I crave on a regular basis.
2	Ok, my 2 star review is based solely on the food, specifically the pancakes.  As has been mentioned, they are ginormous.  They are very thick, and neither fluffy nor light.  I got whole grain pancakes and maybe that had something to do with it, but my kid's pancake was not that great either.  That said, if I was rating on other criteria:Service - 4.5 stars.  Another review mentioned a problem w/ coffee refills.  Mine was refilled constantly, after 2-3 sips!  Maybe because we were next to the coffee station?  Service would be 5 stars in my kids' eyes since after they cleared off (ate!) the whipped cream from their pancakes the waitress came around and asked "need more whipped cream?"Price - 5 stars (neglecting that the food was not great).  "Kiddie Breakfast" for $4 = Pancake, egg, juice, and 2 pieces of bacon or sausage!  (This would feed most adults).I don't like giving low ratings to locally owned places run by nice people but this place is an institution and won't suffer from this review... worth a try if you're looking for a ton of food cheap and maybe get something besides the pancakes (and go when they're not busy).
5	By the time my son and I got here I'd already run 5 miles and was starving.  The omelet (size alone) was mind-blowing.  Their potatoes, which they called some weird name that is currently escaping me, were even better.  Coffee was good, hot, and magically refilled.We sat at the bar, great for people-watching because you're up higher.  I'm not usually one to enjoy dessert after breakfast, but you really can't pass up their milkshakes.  Remember - everything in moderation, including moderation.
4	As good as this sort of thing goes. Classic greasy spoon, enormous portions, perfectly good old-fashioned diner food. Super pleasant service. The only real knock is that it's sort of loud and tight and thus not all that comfortable. If you go on a weekend with a large group, prepare to wait. Seems like it's best approached for weekend breakfast/brunch either solo or two to three people.
3	They give you A LOT of food. I make my yelp ratings base on taste and dining experience which are both just good here.  There are places that I give 4/5 stars to and would never go back but  I would come back over and over again just because it is decent and affordable.
1	After being advised by my son to NOT eat at Mickey's, I thought, "well, how bad could it be for breakfast?"  The answer: very bad.  This is a sleazy, greasy, dirty dinner frequented by people who are looking for only quantity because there is no quality.  The place, on a Thursday morning, was packed.  I ordered a cheese and bacon sandwich on toast.  The bacon had an "off" flavor.  I don't know if it was rancid, but the bacon was awful.  I was done after one bite. My sister ordered French Toast which means "bread dipped in an egg/milk wash and fried on a griddle.  When it came, it looked like well-done scrambled eggs; no discernible pieces of bread found.   The  "mass" covered the entire plate.  She said there was something wrong with the French toast; it had cinnamon and the bread was lumpy.  Then she tasted the raisin.  The waitress said this was "Mickey's take on French toast."  She should have said, "This was yesterday's cinnamon raisin roll that was recycled for the poor souls who want french toast."  After noting my sister was not happy with the cinnamon/raisin/egg much, she brought some regular toast as requested.  If you like a quality breakfast in a clean restaurant, this is NOT the place for you. A Waffle House is much, much better.  I should have listened to my son.  Never again will I pass though this dump.
5	A Madison icon. Simple throwback diner style. Cash only. The food is delicious but come hungry because the servings are enormous. I've tried the scrambler (of course) with the gravey on top. The chili cheese omelet is also a favorite. And you can't go wrong with pancakes. Order a milkshake with breakfast. Yes... Seriously. You'll thank me later.
2	its okay, butit is "a Madison institution".  Three of our 4 pancakes were undercooked and doughy. My scrambled eggs were thin and flat. The toast and jelly had no flavor, andsausage was nothing special. The potatoes were good, and the service is friendly.
5	Just like hundreds of people did, I went to Mickies Dairy Bar before the Badgers game yesterday.   Two hours before the game, there was a line wrapped around outside about 20 deep. It's a cash only establishment, so be prepared to bring a few coins.I went with my son.  We definitely had to have scramblers (although everything else looked fantastic).  He had the bacon cheddar scrambler.  I wanted to go rogue, so I got a scrambler with corned beef hash (in place of the potatoes and $1.25 more) with bacon and cheddar.  You can get gravy on the omelet or on the side - I'd advise to get it on the side, so you can fold it in or dunk one of your two pieces of toast in.With the potatoes (or corned beef hash in my case), they come to your table appearing as if they're six-egg omelets - massive is an understatement!  On the table is Vietnamese version of Sriracha (Double Chicken Brand, I believe) and the customary blend of salt and pepper.  The taste is incredible.  I really enjoyed it with the hash rather than the fried potatoes.  Their hash is deliciously chunky and spicy (it tastes like it has a chili and maybe a bit of a curry thing going on). The eggs were a perfect topper with what was likely a 1/2 a lb. of shredded cheddar.  The calorie counter died on the way to the table - I think I swallowed it with the corned beef.  With water, I had coffee.  It was the standard diner coffee, but maybe a little bit weaker than some.  My son stuck with water.The bill for approximately 10,000 calories of goodness  (remember, the counter was lost in the carnage, so I may be a bit off) - only $16.87!!!   As far as calories (and saturated fat) per dollar - this is has to be one of the deals around.  In addition, the food (taste and preparation) was perfect for our cravings.Tip: The crowd eased up about an hour before kickoff, so that might be the best bet going forward if lines are to be avoided.
5	Excellent service and the food was amazing. Came in at first opening and had the Scrambler with bacon. Absolutely fantastic.
4	Went to this restaurant for breakfast sat- and the entire family enjoyed it!Go early on a sat am or the line will be out the door! The milkshakes are wonderful- my daughter had a cherry flavored one that was great. As described the place is a dive but they have reasonably priced, and good breakfast food. I ordered the pancakes- which I enjoyed. Looking forward to my next visit!
4	Go early. Friendly, helpful waitstaff, reasonable prices, slightly overwhelming menu. The scrambler and yanks are really good, as is the coffee and OJ. Friends liked the corned beef hash.
2	I've gotta say, after reading the reviews I went in expecting a good quality, greasy spoon type of meal.  The wait was short and the place was packed.  The staff was efficient and very friendly.  The food however left something to be desired.  The pancakes, while properly cooked and of good size were flavorless to a point they were not to be helped by the poor quality maple-ish syrup.  The potatoes were...  well...  potatoes, unseasoned, nothing special.  They have some fun combinations for their omelets but anything stuffed with corned beef, sauerkraut and thousand island dressing is going to taste good.  We did have a malt on the side which was under-malted and over milked.  I cannot understand why the place is so popular with a Madison crowd usually so sophisticated in its tastes.  The place really has nothing special to offer.  Maybe it's due to the fact when you're hung over on Saturday morning you just can't tell how mediocre it is.  If you changed the name and moved it to a different part of town It wouldn't last more than a few months.I don't think I'll be back.
5	Great food. Great atmosphere
5	yummmmmmy. This place is just delicious and the portions are freaking huge! I don't have much to say because all the other reviewers pretty much said what I have to say. You really just have to come and try this place for yourself. You won't be disappointed! Also... Their gravy is DELICIOUS.
3	A Madison tradition, particularly for breakfast. Jammed on most mornings, I have to say that their food is only partly worth the wait. Their grill is always too hot in an effort to get food out quickly. As a result, eggs are perpetually almost burned on the outside and uncooked on the inside. This applies to their pancakes and omelets too. However, their coffee and cinnamon roles make up for these problems. So order carefully, and you won't be disappointed. Part of their popularity stems from the fact that they are the only "real" breakfast place in town...
5	Great food. Great atmosphere.One of the owners noticed we were looking at a campus map.  She inquired, and we confirmed that we were taking a campus tour in a few minutes.  Before we left she came and gave us each a water bottle, "you will need this.  It is a very long tour!".   So kind and thoughtful.  Everything about it harkens  back to an earlier time.  Kind of like stepping back to 1955, in a realistic, no frills way. I loved it.Marilyn
5	Awesome food, service and atmosphere! This place is TINY and they only take cash, so be prepared. The wait can get long on the weekends, but its worth it. The scrambler is always great, but its a humongous portion, so go hungry! The cinnamon rolls and daily coffee cake are worth the extra $1 and the griddle cakes (oatmeal batter with raisins) are delicious.  I've never tries their lunch items because breakfast is too good, but I always see a lot of people ordering sandwiches so imagine they're tasty as well. Definitely a "must" when in Madison.
5	The scrambler is delicious and it's only 7 dollar (big portion!) And the people here are friendly too. We were lucky enough to get free blueberry cake from them :)
4	Great brunch spot! I had the reuben omelette and it really tasted like a reuben sandwich in between eggs! The portions are huge and the prices are low. It's the perfect place to come to with some friends after a big night out. Only disappointment - the chocolate chip pancakes.
5	Hefty! Hefty! Hefty! Portions that is.If you're looking for yummy, cheap food in massive quantities, look no further. Mickies is the place to be.The pancakes are monstrous!! But they are truthfully delicious. In fact I've been engaging in a scandalous love affair with their chocolate chip pancakes...(and sometimes, though less often, their strawberry pancake)...for the past few months. The relationship is a tough one that's cost me normal blood sugar levels and more importantly, friendships. Eating off the plate of my dear comrades who had themselves ordered the pancake has ultimately led to bitter disputes that never end smoothly. Ah well, the contentment I extract from each forkful of syrup-drenched, melty-chocolate-chip-covered pancake makes up for all the troubles. On a more savory note, the corned beef hash is also quite fantastic. Get it alongside 2 sunny up eggs and rye toast and badda-bing, badda-bomb, you've got one killer breakfast for yourself. One of my other go-to orders is the steak and eggs with hash browns and onions. Wowza! Now I know I wasn't exactly around in the '50s or nothin, but talk about old school diner food done wayyyy right.  Basically, Mickies nails it all. Everything they serve up has got yum written all over it. Be here or be square.
4	Warning: cash only; seat yourselfPros: large portions, reasonable price, nice waitersCons: long wait, stressful seating processWalking into Mickies Dairy Bar without knowing anything about it can be quite daunting. On a weekend morning, the place is packed. There is a small sign at the front that informs people to seat themselves, but it's a little stressful. Unless you were born with the ability to determine when people are going to leave a table, you may find yourself a little anxious to get a table.Once seated though, that stress dissipates and is replaced by good, hearty food. The scramble is delicious. It's also quite large. My friend and I split a cinnamon roll, a milkshake, and the scramble, and we were perfectly satisfied with the amount of food. The cinnamon roll doesn't look that appealing, but it's tasty. The milkshake comes with an extra cup-full, so it's great to share (or imbibe alone). The scramble is amazing. It's the perfect hangover/comfort food option. Eggs, cheese, meat, potatoes, and whatever else you want mixed together and served on a giant plate. My friend got their chocolate chip pancakes and was pretty disappointed in them. They weren't soft and moist, and without syrup, it was difficult to eat much of it.This place is a staple of Madison, so I recommend trying it at least once. I would suggest coming here in small groups, as the seating is limited during the most popular hours. Also, don't forget to bring cash!
5	Mickies Dairy Bar is a Madison must-do.  Generations of UW-Students, alumni, football fans, locals, athletes and their families all frequent Mickies.  The wait staff is friendly,  the food is good (and served in generous portions), and the atmosphere is interesting.  Decor is certainly diner grade, but that is part of the charm.  Bring cash (no credit cards-ATM is available down the street).  Depending on time of day/year, parking may be difficult to find nearby, so plan on a short walk from one of the side streets.   Seat yourself, but be warned Mickies is popular, so you may have a wait.  Highly recommend a Scrambler and Chocolate Malt, or the corn beef hash.  I have found I much prefer their breakfast options to their burgers.  For easier seating, arrive early.  Enjoy this place!
5	If you love diner breakfasts, this place is a MUST. I'm gluten-free, so I can't enjoy the amazing looking coffee cakes and pancakes, but the scrambles and potatoes were plenty. The coffee is delicious. Great service. I didn't get to try a milkshake this trip, but it is on my "to-do" list for next time. We went early and on very cold weekdays, so never had a wait, but I can see where this place would get packed, but I would still wait for breakfast..so good!
4	Love this place! Unfortunately my pancakes are sometimes undercooked, but otherwise everything else is really good and service is surprisingly fast considering how busy they are.
5	This place is like family, as is everything in Madison. A must stop on game day. (Football, Basketball, Hockey, etc..) The largest portions you have ever seen anywhere in the state. Also has one of the most fun atmospheres in the city. I have been going there from childhood.
3	Rating: 3.0Short description: Dinner style breakfastPluses: Lots of food, very inexpensive, good cinnamon rollsNegatives: Huge wait, cash only, last time I was there they messed three things up on my meal such as steak was overcooked, eggs were the wrong kind, and I got the wrong toast type.Recommendations: Try it once.  Otherwise, take the drive to Kenosha and go to Frank's Diner instead.
5	Great food.  Huge portions.  Quick service.  Amazing prices.  There is good reason why people line up out the door to get in
5	This right here is one of the Gems of Madison Dining. A nice little hole in the wall where, for less than $10, you can get a heap of food edible for 2 meals. I am, of course, referring to the one and only Scrambler. To describe it, one must experience it. You can customize this delicious dish with whatever meat or other toppings you request. As far as breakfast restaurants go, this place wins in my heart.Oh, bring cash... they don't accept credit cards!
5	My husband and I decided to Mickies and took the other reviews here in account when we arrived. We went early on a weekday because it is very small and does get easily crowded, so this was a good time to come. We brought cash since credit cards are not accepted (also please note, the ATM next door at Hotel Red does not work very well, so don't rely on it).My husband ordered the griddle cakes, I ordered the banana nut pancakes, and we shared the yanks with cheddar cheese on top. Neither of us were able to finish our food (this is very very rare for my husband!!). We could only eat one pancake each because they are very dense and cover a full sized dinner plate. We also had coffee which is bottomless and nice and dark just the way I like it. Our server was very friendly and visited our table often to make sure we were doing ok.It is important to keep in mind that this place is not glamorous by any means, but has a nice homey divey retro charm. The food is decent and very generously portioned which I appreciate. We actually ended up eating our left over pancakes for dinner with some sausage, so we literally lived off our breakfast for a day! Awesome. :DWe will definitely be coming back and I would like to try something different each time. I saw on my way out that they also have coffee cake and cinnamon buns which sounds enticing. If you're looking for a relaxed atmosphere to eat comfort food with a few good friends on the cheap, this is a good place to check out.
2	I have only been to this place one other time and I don't really remember that visit.  What I do remember is that it was crowded, it had long wait times, and they only accepted cash.  Five years later and none of that has changed.  I am simply not a fan of this place.  Upon walking in I was told the wait would be about ten minutes.  This doesn't seem too long until you realize that you are waiting those ten minutes shoulder to shoulder with people in their extremely small front waiting area with lovely freezing air blowing on you whenever the door opens.  When we finally got a table, I realized that it was sandwiched between another set of diners. I usually don't mind this but for some reason today I just couldn't deal with it. The man must hv noticed this because he saw two open seats at the bar and suggested we sit there instead; at this I gladly obliged.There aren't individual menus outside of a huge menu on the wall.  I ordered the scramble with corn beef hash and onion; gravy on the side and no cheese.  It was not good.  The hot sauce that I drowned it in gave it all the flavor that the dish lacked; not a good sign.  The man ordered the corn beef and blueberry pancake. The corn beef was tasty but was unlike any corned beef I had ever seen.  The pancakes were way too sweet and seriously just too big.All the things that I mentioned: cash only, small, and portion size are all things that people seem to really like about this place. Not me.  I prefer to use my card and a bit more of a modern setting. If I can't have that I at least want a place that serves good food and not supposed charm.  I will not be visiting this place again.
5	Just had spectacular mid morning breakfast, Scrambler! Shared it with my daughter who is checking out campus. We got blueberry crumb cake to go bc we didn't have room for more. My favorite things were our very friendly waitress and that we didn't smell like breakfast when we left! Great ventilation!
5	Really loved the retro vibe going on in this place! Went here with a party of four. There was about a fifteen minute wait on a Saturday morning, not bad. We got seated at a shared table top. All four of us ordered the breakfast scrambler. I got mine with sausage and over medium eggs. The scrambler was smothered in gravy and the over medium eggs added to the delicious ooziness. I believe it came with 3-4 eggs, and the dish was massive. I was probably able to eat only 1/4th of it. For only about $8, it's a deal and you definitely won't leave hungry. This scrambler came with everything that a scrambler should have: cheese, gravy, potatoes, eggs, sausage or bacon, you get what I'm trying to say! I recommend you come early, or you bundle up because you'll be waiting in the long line outside! Can't wait to go back! Also, this is a cash only restaurant.
4	I have loved MIckies Dairy Bar for over 20 years.  You don't go in thinking it's going to be a quick in and out.  This is an old-school diner type place, with great food, large portions, and reasonably priced.  It's the all about the tradition here.  Love it.
2	Sorry, I don't get it.  The food's incredibly cheap, and the portions are unbelievably generous.  And I'm not a snob; I love diner breakfast, and I think the ambience in this place is great.  Love the old-school signs and counter.  But the last time I was there, the breakfast sausage had something nasty and gristly in it.  If the best thing you can say about the food is that there was a truckload of it, not sure that's the best advertisement.
5	This place is so cool! James my 10 year old and I stopped here for pancakes and they were just yummy!  Atmosphere is very old school cafe with red stools and checkerboard flooring.. The menu is on boards over the pick up area in the kitchen.  Our waitress Stephanie was quick and super friendly.  We will be back!
3	Very generous serving of American breakfast to start you day. They have almost everything classic. I went with a group and so had tried pancakes, omelette, potatoes and toast. Pair that with a milkshake, if it's not too early for one. You can split the milkshake with a friend (although they might charge extra for that, I don't remember).They get pretty busy during the weekends. Definitely go early if you want to avoid the crowds. Their system took a little getting used to for me, you just walk in and take a seat wherever available. For that reason, you will usually find yourself sharing a table with people you don't know, unless you are lucky enough to get one of the few booths. For me personally I don't think the wait is worth it. Their menu items do not wow me enough, in the sense that these are just classic breakfast items. Nothing that can't be easily gotten elsewhere where you don't have to wait for a table. So I will stop by if I wake up early enough (usually never on weekends), and if I happen to be in the area.Oh, and if you decide to brave the morning crowd, do bring cash since it's a cash only place. And get a hearty meal to start you day.
3	It's just okay. I think this place is definitely over-rated, but if you want that whole 50's diner experience this is the place to go in Madison! I'll have to say that for the portions you get, it's worth the money. Quality of the food was alright. I've had better for the same price on Willy Street or even down the street at Bluephies. It's definitely just a nice environment, but do not go on game days - it's too hectic. AND BRING CASH. They have an ATM there, but we all know how those evil dollar stealers are.
5	7 years at UW and decided to check this place off my bucket list before leaving Madison. Ohhh myyy how did I put this place off this long!?!??! We were fortunate and  got seated right away. Wait staff was soo friendly and happily recommended the staple scrambler which I went with while my friend got omelet. I had my scrambler with mushroom, bacon and spinach! We only waited 10 mins for our food.. Super fast for a restaurant crowded with people, definitely a bonus. The scrambler was fantastic! Hash on the bottom, scrambler, topped with lots of cheddar cheese and I had my gravy on the side. Sometimes hash can be greasy but not here. I thought the greasiness was just about right.. Or just right for the hungover morning i had. The portion was ginormous!! I end up taking half of the portion home and had another breakfast of champions the next morning and it tasted just good! I end up going back again a week later and got the same thing. Same nomness!
2	I'm probably going to be shunned for this review...and granted, I wasn't here hungover on a weekend morning so I may have to give it one more shot sometime soon. But, if given a choice I would not make the trek to Mickies for breakfast food again. I know, I know. It's practically treason to say that in Madison. But I have definitely experienced better. Hence the 2 stars. Came here at 1 PM on a weekday for lunch with my co-workers. My boss was craving a milkshake so we made the hike over to Mickies. I had heard enough about the place so I wasn't expecting much as far as ambiance goes. It really is a dive bar/diner feel. Which I don't dislike, there's definitely a place for that kind of scene in the breakfast food scene. There was hardly anyone there so we were seated right away. Service overall was poor. Sure things came out quickly but our server was downright rude and inattentive. It was clear that it was the end of his shift and he was really upset that we had walked through the door.On to the food, it was all a lot of meh. I ordered a scrambler with sausage, onions, and mushrooms. Topped with Cheddar cheese with the gravy on the side. First of all most of the potatoes at the bottom were burnt and practically inedible. Which was sad because the ones I did taste were pretty yummy. The eggs and everything in the actual scrambler were cooked well. But I'm pretty sure the mushrooms were out of a can which was disappointing. Cheese on top was shredded and hardly melted, gravy was okay but my dad makes better. Other people at my table seemed to enjoy their food just fine. The milkshakes received a "pretty good"rating. So, like I said, I'll probably give it one more shot when I'm hungover on a Saturday morning and craving greasy breakfast food. Maybe next time I'll try the pancakes instead. It honestly makes me sad to write this review because of the nostalgia of the place, but there are definitely better breakfast places in Madison.
5	Mickies is a hole-in-the-wall breakfast place, but to me and many, it's a Madison staple.  I've taken out of towners, family, and friends all here.Hungover or sober, the food is good with very generous portions for what you pay. I'd recommend the scrambler. It's eggs, hashbrowns, and toast with cheese and meat/vegetable. The pancakes were just good but not great when my sister ordered them. It gets really crowded on weekends and is closed on Mondays.  Just know too that it's cash only! There's an ATM close by if needed. Breakfast usually cost less than $10 a person.
4	The food is excellent, I usually order a bacon and cheese omlet or chocolate chip pancakes.  It is also super cheap but they only accept cash.  It is insane trying to get a table here on a weekend morning.  Sometimes they seat people which can still be a long wait but works much better.  Last time we ended up leaving without eating because there were 10 people in a tiny restaurant searching for places to sit (while about 20 more waited outside to get in).  Ulitmately I'd say it is worth the wait.
5	First, I would recommend knowing the right time(s) to come here. I've been here approximately once every week for about 5 months now, and I highly suggest coming during a weekday lunch. For those who do want the weekend brunch thing but do not want to endure the wait, call ahead and get takeout. I'd say sacrificing the dining experience in this regard is well worth the good food.Now Mickie's is straight up no fuss breakfast food, and that is a philosophy that champions well. On a given day, I am by no means a "fancy" breakfast food person, so I welcome Mickie's philosophy with open arms. The essential Mickie's item that is a must try is of course their scrambler, which is a heaping omelette on top of a heaping pile of the most fluffy, buttermilk potatoes (yanks) you will ever eat. Oh, and it comes with a mountain of gravy and toast as well. The scrambler is definitely a multi-meal endeavor, and for $7-8, it is definitely worth the price. Pancakes are also a good choice, but keep in mind these aren't the traditional stack you would get at an i-Hop. These are gargantuan in diameter and are more dense than what you would normally expect. For $6, this is again a multi-meal endeavor. You can get tired of it quick though, so I personally recommend the more savory items.Now there will be customers who see the food here as too generic and too simple, but keep in mind that it is not execute simple things easily, especially when it comes to food, so take these criticisms with a grain of salt, and realize that after all is said and done, Mickie's is one of the best places in town.
3	If you don't mind the wait...Mickey's has very sizable portions of breakfast staples. I've had omelettes, pancakes, and hash browns, and all were inexpensively priced while filling me up before a Badger game or the morning after a night of excessive drinking. The food is your basic greasy spoon fare, and it will be served quickly once you get a seat and order. However, you might wait in line around the block to get a table. If you can't stand for an extended period of time, it is raining heavily, or you don't like being seated shoulder to shoulder, you might want to hit IHOP, Perkins, or Original Pancake House instead. I've had great times at Mickey's, but I've also had the worst dining experience of my life here.
4	Friendly, authentic breakfast spot conveniently located next to the Hotel Red where I was staying. The service was fast, the coffee decent, and the food excellent.These guys know how to do breakfast.
5	It may be cramped, but it's efficient, old school and still the best value breakfast around.  Huge portions, inventive home made twists on just about everything...and I dream about that corned beef hash like a pre-teen fantasizes about a rock star. Branched out to try the corn meal pancake and gooey cinnamon roll and they didn't disappoint.  Worth every minute of wait in line outside.
4	I'm probably going to be echoing many others claims about Mickie's when I say that it's a great place to get your lot of throwback American food in an American style. Every time i've gone there, there has been three certainties:1. I will get the scrambler, because I love scramblers. (Comes with an add in like a veggie or meat. Note that a few of the add ins aren't too great of quality)2. I will get a milkshake, because I love milkshakes. (Comes in numerous flavors, all are at least decent)3. It will be extremely busy, because Badger gamedays / the only other place open for breakfast nearby is Indie Coffee, and their menu is too different to even make comparisons to Mickie's.So yeah, i'm pretty satisfied every time I go there, but not in a "I just had an amazing and unique dish" way, and not a "I just made healthy choices" way, but in a "I came in hungry, and now I am leaving full" kind of way. The portions are quite large, and the prices are quite cheap. I never spend more than $15, and one could easily get a full meal here for $8. Mickie's isn't a 5, because they haven't made my favorite scrambler or milkshake ever, but they do a good job at making scramblers and Milk Shakes, so a 4 it is.P.S. Sometimes I've gone with people who got pancakes, and they're really big, and my friends said they're really good. So yeah, if you like pancakes, you could give those a try.
4	I would give it three and a half stars if I could.This place is just a step up from Waffle House (the original hangover joint). The food is what you would expect from the price, solid but nothing fancy. It also probably tastes a whole lot better when you are hungover, and I was not hungover. I will probably go back, but not when I want to do brunch the right way.I got the blueberry pancakes, and they were huge and average tasting. I also tried the scrambler (I think that's what it was called...eggs on potatoes), and it was pretty heavy. (As a side note, I had no clue what "yanks" were. They are potatoes, apparently.)Overall, this place gets 4 instead of 3 stars because Waffle House holds a special place in my heart, and there aren't any of those around here.
5	I have been traveling to Madison for sometime and wanted to stop at Mickies and today was the day. Great feel of an original diner, real friendly staff and a daily special ham and cheese omelet, American fries, toast and coffee for under 7 bucks. WOWIt sure is worth trying to find a nearby parking space, cash only to eat here at Mickies. My hats off to a restaurant that can combine reasonably priced good food and excellent service in this day and age. You made my day!Continued Success for a long future.
2	Mickie's has AMAZING milk shakes.  Seriously, so good.  Go try their chocolate banana malt right now.As for their food, it's pretty disgusting.  They give huge portion sizes (always a plus) and for a very reasonable price, but the taste does not make this deal work.  Today I ordered the french toast.  I had eaten their french toast before and thought it was OK, but today they did something different.  They took really gross, cheap cinnamon bread (the kind you pull off a grocery store shelf) and put 4 slices on the grill, then dumped non-seasoned eggs (as in PLAIN eggs) over it.  It was so gross I couldn't eat them.  I won't be returned. It's on the dirtier side and there is usually a long wait (for what, I'm not sure -- unless it's the milkshakes).  Lastly, I will add that it's extremely loud.  If you want to go there to talk with friends while you eat, make sure to yell, it's the only way you'll be heard.
5	Awesome! Be warned.... must bring cash!!! But don't worry there is an atm right outside. Parking was a bit of a pain. If you find a spot. Park and walk there. Otherwise you'll be circling.The portions are huge!!!! We had leftovers. Really this was a bang for your buck. Our waiter was not quite awake yet but did an awesome job. Friendly people. One note is the menu is on the wall and it's seat yourself. Enjoy that American diner feel with most dishes for breakfast at least under $10. Classic.
4	Great dive and local place to experience.  Ordered the omelet...eh...nothing spectacular and wouldn't order it again. Hubs had the scrambler which was a lot better. A plentiful mixture of whatever you want scrambled together. Also had the strawberry pancake which was delicious. Warning: not fresh strawberries, but nonetheless good. Overall, service was outstanding. Waitress was very helpful, friendly, fast...everything you want. Downside - CASH ONLY! No ATM on the inside either.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE it is SO MUCH FUN ! good big ol' dishes and lovely service :)
4	I had been meaning to try Mickies for a while now but the weekend crowds - visible as a line out the door - have kept me away. Now that I made it, I see what the magic is - cheap, straightforward diner meal with all the comfort of someplace unique and local and a solid cup of dark coffee. Your food isn't going to be that much different than a Denny's but the vibe and service make it much more enjoyable. Loved the build-your-own omelette and the old school mannerisms of our server. If you've been watching too much Twin Peaks and have to get your diner fix, only 3 spots in town will cut it - the Curve, Willalbys, or right here at Mickie's Dairy Bar. Unless you truly love crowds, save your trip for a weekday.
4	Mickies Dairy Bar is a great, uber-popular breakfast joint right near Camp Randall Stadium. The food is delicious and the portions are gluttonous, so make sure you come hungry wearing stretchy clothes.I highly recommend their milkshakes and pancakes.Seating used to be a problem as it was a free-for-all: if you showed up with 4 people, you had to wait for 4 seats at the same table to open up and then hope you got to them before another group of 1-4 did. Luckily, they now have a host(ess) person who seats groups in the order in which they arrive, which is a GREAT improvement.
5	Are you ready for the best corned beef hash of your life? SO GOOD and less than $4!! I was recently in the Madison area searching for some good breakfast and Yelp led me to Mickies Dairy Bar. It may not look like much from the outside but there's a reason for the long line out the door. The food here is delicious and cheap, two of my favorite things. The corned beef hash comes with eggs and toast, which you really don't need because the hash is the star of the menu in my opinion. The bacon is also crispy and delicious and you can get a side for dirt cheap. My picks for beverages include the fresh-squeezed orange juice and milkshake (we ordered a combo of strawberry and Oreo cookie). All the Yelp reviews rave about the pancakes but I wasn't as impressed. Sure, they're big but I'm all about quality over quantity. A huge breakfast for 2 (but we ordered like it was for 3) cost less than $20. Love it.
4	Wow. Really out of date interior. NOT expecting a huge menu on the wall to order off of. It looks like NOTHING has been changed or removed since the 1960s. BUT. BUT, the food is great!! Seems like a locals hot spot for sure:)
5	Best bang for your buck!! We had a ginormous breakfast for 3 that was also delicious for under $20. You can't beat it. I had the French toast which is 2 cinnamon rolls cut in half and dipped in egg-DELICIOUS!! My husband had the chili cheese omelet with yanks (home fries) and devoured the whole thing. Our son had the kids breakfast and loved every bite.The decor and feeling of place is a delightful mix of a quaint soda shoppe mixed and your grandmas living room. The service was great and we will be back very soon!
4	Huge portions!!! Their scramblerd are extremely big! I can usually take some to go. their milkshakes are tasty as well. There's  usually a line of you go at brunch time, but anytime after 1 there's no wait. Remember its cash only
4	It was Sunday morning (ish) after a long weekend of exploring (drinking) around Madison. The room was full of worn-out (hungover) people, and we were all looking for something to cure us of our ailments before a long drive back to Indy. Mickies was suggested immediately by everyone in the room who knew the area, and we set off for what had been described to me as a must-visit when you are anywhere near Camp Randall. The first thing you will likely notice when you approach this establishment is the line of people outside waiting for a table. If you aren't someone who can wait for your food, you better get here early. That being said, unless you are seconds away from keeling over due to excessive hunger you are best off just to wait. The tables get turned over quickly so the wait likely isn't as long as you might first suspect. Once you finally do make it in, you quickly get an idea of what this place is all about. It's not big, but they utilize every ounce of space they have. It looks like your stereotypical greasy spoon diner, with a big bar in the middle surrounded by a bunch of booths and tables that are all a little bit closer that put you a little closer to your neighbor than you would like. The hostess was surprisingly nice and organized for how busy it was that morning, and it appeared this was just business as usual. We were seated in a booth and directed to the large menu up on the wall. As far as the food goes, this place is the definition of "you get what you pay for." It's what they try to do and you can't possibly fault them for not doing it well. It's a lot of your standard breakfast items at prices that can't be beat. They are served greasy spoon style, so your sweet foods are going to slightly resemble a breakfast item that has been turned into an over the top dessert, your savory foods might actually stop your heart after the first few bites, and everything in between is going to come with enough food to feed a small family. You can easily walk in here with $5 and walk out full. Being a weekend of gluttony already, I opted for what they called the "scrambler" which was somewhere around $7 and came with a little bit of everything. Basically, it was a bunch of hash browns, covered with a bunch of eggs, stuffed with a bunch of meats, topped with a bunch of cheese, and covered with a bunch of gravy. They serve that with a health portion of toast and call it a meal. It was the perfect meal for me that morning, and I even struggled to finish half of it. This place is what it is. It's a college place in the shadow of one of the best places to watch a football game anywhere in the country. You aren't going to get any culinary masterpieces or unique creations. The flavors don't taste better than anywhere else, and the guy cooking isn't trying to make any fusion dishes to mess with your taste buds. You will, however, get a ton of food for a small amount of money that will hit the spot when you are looking for some comfort food or a sugar rush. If that sounds like something you enjoy, this place needs to be on top of your list.P.S. Cash only
2	Long line, weird seating, great prices, and food that lacked flavor and texture. This is a great place for college students to go because the food is inexpensive and you don't have to cook it. For everyone else, just go to experience it and that's it. Because honestly, it's a cool place to go just because it's been around for so long and hasn't changed much. Otherwise, it doesn't offer much.I was with a group of 5. We waited for around an hour to get inside the diner, and then were seated at the bar. It was noisy and really difficult for all of us to have a conversation. The menu is very basic, which cheap, greasy bar food. My man and I split a scrambler with spinach and onion. The potatoes were soggy, and I don't think any of it was salted. We also split an order of banana nut pancakes, which we took a few bites of and decided we didn't need any more. The pancakes are thick and dense, not lofty and fluffy like a good pancake should be. Overall, I'm glad I tried it, but I probably won't be returning. There are other good places to go.
5	Best Breakfast and Bang for Your BuckWell there is no way that this joint is not 5 Stars. I've been here once and I don't care I feel confident with my assessment. Friendly service, huge portions, and very wallet/Purse friendly. I'm not going to long winded with this review because this is simple folks. pancakes bigger than my hand see my pic. Some of the best home made  cornbeef hash I had and the price is crazy cheap. More beef than hash for sure. A meal like this at home in Ft. Lauderdale with the portion served to me would cost at least 18 to 20 bucks. Easy. Here with coffee $12.25. The buttermilk pancake was nice and fluffy and I just put syrup on it and no butter and it was excellent. Ambiance.No nonsense mom and pop old style joint goes to college.   That about sums it up.VerdictYou should already be walking, biking, running, taking a cab, a bus or driving here before you finish reading my review. LOL.  Stay Hungry!
4	This place is always filled with people. Go early to avoid having to wait in long line especially on game days. I really recommend their pancakes and milkshakes. The other dishes are very cheese based for example their scrambler are basically eggs and tons of cheese. The food portion here is huge and the price is quite cheap. Service is pretty fast and friendly
5	Holy tits. I travel a lot for work and I went to this place too late in the week in my opinion. The best French toast. Perfectly cook bacon. The atmosphere is amazing. The waitress was adorable in a northern caring mother sort of way.  Kind of like Marshall's mom from HIMYM. Anyways: 15/5 would devour again.
4	To say the Scrambler is a lot of food is an understatement.  A plate stacked high with potatoes, eggs, cheese and your choice of meats and veggies.  My wife had the Reuben Omelet and a friend had pancakes (the size of the plate and an inch thick).  All were delicious.  The only thing that keeps me from giving it a 5 is the dive-like atmosphere, but that is part of its character on a college campus.
3	Everytime I came to eat here there's always a long line and I was too lazy to wait. Fortunately, today I got seated right away! It's a classic breakfast place and they have the menu on the wall. It's super duper duper cheap and the portion is humongous!!I had the steak and eggs (I substituted the fries with sweet potato fries) I think the food is just meh. They overcooked both my steak and eggs. The sweet potato fries is not crispy enough. Service was good, our server kept on coming back to check on us although the place is fully packedMy boyfriend had the scrambler and his food was basically buried under a pile of cheese. He said it was just ok, the best part of the scrambler is the potato and gravy. Those two food we had + 2 coffee = $20 and we had leftover too. Would I go back for the food? Probably not. I would definitely bring people here for the experience though.
3	Went here a year and a half ago, so let me reach back in my foggy memory.... What stands out the most, honestly, was the line. We waited for about an hour for a space (for 2 people!), and basically had to elbow some other people out of the way to get to our spot since they tried to swoop our seats! The prices were stellar. The food was good, but since I haven't been back in a year and a half when I have had ample opportunity to says something about the place.Have to say though--that corned beef hash was HUGE and darn good. That alone was worth the wait.
4	VERY popular Madison institution for breakfast/brunch, with prime location on Monroe St., right across from Camp Randall.  This is a no-frills, 50's throwback, Badger-loving eatery, with their menu posted on the wall above the kitchen, counter seating in the center and booths all around.  If you can handle a bit of a wait on weekends, you'll walk out of there happy and stuffed.  I always get their popular Scrambler, which is basically a large omelet with cheese, served over potatoes, and your choice of 3 meat/veggies filling (extras cost a little more).  The service is fast, friendly and it's a fun atmosphere to be in (says the guy suddenly longing for his college years again!).
