4	I love L'Assommoir.   I have been to locations on both Bernard and Notre Dame.  The format fits my preferences perfectly:  Their drink list is extensive - notably, featuring many signature cocktail creations as well as an eclectic and upscale menu that includes a variety of small plates, specializing in tartares and ceviches (and grilled meats?).   Since the cocktail list comprises 250+ concoctions I can't say that I've even put a dent in the list.  I don't care for too much sweetness in my drinks.  I like the G.H.B, despite the name and I have ordered it a few times - From the web site (where you can see all their drinks) this is chartreuse verte, dry gin, kiwi & basil, dash each of maple syrup and apple juice.  On balance, I'd love to see a more extensive lineup of daringly creative cocktails, perfectly executed - innovative mixology  genius.  The cocktails featuring seafood are good, but are overpriced  since they're not outstanding.  I have tried at least two - you will basically have an average tasting cocktail, with some tuna or salmon on a little wooden skewer in your drink.  The small plates are eclectic, very well done for the most part and they frequently change their specials.  I've enjoyed their foie gras, accras de morue (cod fritters), ceviches and tartares (these you can mix and match for a set price).  On Notre Dame I had an unusual and especially delicious salmon tartare where the salmon was not cut into small cubes, but rather presented in strips and fairly thickly sliced with fresh mango (?)  I also really enjoyed the tartare de wapiti.  Their kitchen uses thoughtfully selected, high quality oils and seasonings.L'Assommoir on Bernard becomes very busy on weekends, but the music remains at reasonable decibels while people are still having dinner (not sure about later on).  It seems very popular for large groups in the back.  Reserve ahead or be prepared to possibly eat at the bar. But this is okay, the bartenders might do glass throwing tricks for you and show you as they light up your lemon peel.  Also, you could get personalized drink recommendations and chat with them about their craft.  The decor at the Notre-Dame location in Old Monreal is different from the one on Bernard.  It has a more upscale feel and yet it is a relaxed atmosphere, service is quite informal.  There is at least one television at one end of the room.  There is ample seating on both ground floor and upper level mezzanine.  The ceilings are high and the bar is made to look like an amber facade with solid paneling from floor to ceiling, for dramatic flair.  The bar is shrouded in soft warm amber light.  The shelves and big cubby holes along the back of the bar are lit so as to showcase the collection.  L'Assommoir certainly distinguishes itself as being fantastic for a late night bite, particularly on Sundays since most of the restaurants in Old Montreal do not serve past 10PM.  Here you can get the the full menu until very late every day, could it be until 3 in the morning?!!  Do not however, expect a crowd, since Old Montreal late after 11 on Sunday is extremely subdued (pretty much lifeless).  Though as a local at this time it feels home-y, among almost all locals.   I dock for service b/c it is inconsistent although it is perfectly acceptable for a bar.Check online for their live events (e.g. Jazz & DJs), also currently it looks like Ladies Night on the first tuesday of the month - print your coupon online and get a free two course meal with min. $10 purchase...
1	L'assommoir offers a rare combination of a dance club with food, but no dancing. It is almost like it couldn't settle on being just a bar with good drinks, they had to throw in the food, too. The music was so loud, our table of 6 all lost our voices or just stopped trying to communicate because we couldn't hear the person next to us or across the table from us. We had been warned, but as the night went on and on and on, the music seemed to get louder and the room got progressively darker. We are a bunch of 25-35 year olds, so it wasn't just our age that made us want to ask for a lower volume of music.  That was part of what ruined the night for me. The second part was that as half of the couple 'hosting' all the out of town guests, I felt somewhat responsible for making things go smoothly. Usually that is the job of the wait staff, no? On at least 4 occasions I had to either get up or assertively hail the waiter over to say things like, "Can the 3 of us who have been sitting down for more than 10 minutes, but arrived later get menus?" Or later on, "We ordered bottled water, can you bring that now?"  or when the 7 item ceviche and tartar platter arrived, "Can you explain which is which?", followed by, "Can the other half of the table also get a basket of bread?" We didn't get asked if we wanted dessert, though there is a menu, because ~4 hours after our dinner started, I had to walk up to ask for the bill. (Our European guests were so jetlagged, we ended the night early.)  Perhaps we are old and don't like that new-fangled DJ music. Perhaps our waiter was on his first day of work. Perhaps the bar was over capacity and raw food takes longer to prepare than cooked stuff (though the 1/6 who ordered steak and didn't split the raw platter had to eat after we were all done!!!) Perhaps the cleaning lady quit that day and the lack of toilet paper in the women's restroom was her responsibility. Perhaps a million things conspired to make this one of the most uncomfortable evenings ever. I can't recommend this place unless you just want to sit at the bar, have drinks and maybe attempt to order the crab tartare, which was amazing, and you have 3 hours to kill waiting for it.Bill for 6 people, including 2 bottles of wine, was $50-60 per person.
4	Aah, L'Assomoir. Such a dreamy place. (You know this is going to be a positive review.)This restaurant slash bar is the perfect place for young professionals...as well as older ones. Unlike its older brother on Bernard street, L'Assomoir Notre-Dame has a bar permit, allowing you to drink without having to order food. But you'd be crazy to pass by the delicious tapas, ceviches and tartars they offer. I personally love the "Gueuleton", a huge plate of appetizers for two, four or six people. One of the appetizers included in the "Gueuleton" is the "Bonbons de saumon", which is probably one of the best things I've ever eaten. It's better suited for people who like raw fish, but one of my friends doesn't usually eat any and she loved it. You might be surprised, because it doesn't taste like anything you've tried before. If you're not so hungry, you can always opt for the GOOD STUFF: the booze. The large variety of drinks is quite astounding (over 200), with concoctions with quirky names like "GHB" and "Biktini". I can't say I've tried every single one of them - would that make me an alcoholic? - but I've tried enough to say your taste buds will thank you...your liver not so much. The combination of flavours is sometimes unexpected but always interesting.If you're concerned about your wallet, maybe L'Assomoir isn't the best place for you. However, if you're willing to spend around 50 bucks/person + tip for a good meal and a bunch of drinks, then this place if for you. The service is excellent, warm and the atmosphere feels young and hip, without being snobby or exclusive. It may not be the best spot for an intimate date, since L'Assomoir is often filled with people and noisy, but that's what makes it so exciting. I believe there's a DJ on Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights.  And for all of you hockey fans out there, they have TVs, so you don't even have to worry about missing a game! Didn't I say it was a dreamy place? I sure did.
4	I've always had a thing for disco balls.Maybe it's the way that they captivate me with their multiple mirrored surfaces like catnip.   They draw me in and stimulate all the right areas of my brain.  I cannot stop staring.  Attention Deficit Heroin.That's probably what drew me in here.    That, and the fact that they're probably the only place near the fancypants boutique hotels in the old port who happen to have their kitchen open past 10pm.And what a kitchen it is.     Awesome tapas.   The place fills up with young professional types.   The atmosphere is warm, friendly and inviting without being too abrasive or in your face.  There wasn't dancing when we were there, but methinks that it was just about to break out.You cannot argue with a well stocked bar that happens to have delicious food.I have no idea what the disco ball was all about.   I cannot get the spinny shiny sugar out of my head.
4	Whoa, upon entering this bar late on a Saturday night I was immediately thrown back to the bar scene in Madrid, Spain circa 2001.  It's extremely huge, has an extensive drink list, loud music, and tons of young professionals in their going-out wear eating dinner here at midnight on a Saturday night, their evening presumably just getting started.  Playlist is good, spinning out all the latest hits and pop-y tunes to get your night going.  I loved the extensiveness of the drink menu but I found most of my drinks to be too sweet for my liking (I had the Lychee martini and Cuban Fizz). There are people however going straight to the shots and dancing in the walkways. This is a one stop shop on your Saturday night path to destruction, no doubt! Come here for a crazy night.
4	Went to the Old Montreal location for my girlfriend's birthday with 6 of our friends and we had such a good time ! Reason #1: great cocktails ! Reason #2: amazing food that you can either get as a plate, or as a jumbo tapas version that you can share Reason #3: VERY cute and lovely waitress...Only negative comment: DJ, turn the music down, it's way too loud to have any kind of conversation
4	I like this place but mostly Jean Philippe cause he reminds the movie cocktail. He is good with the bottle and like to give a good show, ask him.Never tried the food
4	Headed here late in the evening after watching my Pats kick Jets ass. Sunday night around 10pm, (worthy) options to grab a bite and drinks were somewhat limited. My fellow Yelpers reviews directed me to L'assommoir, and I couldn't be happier about the results. Tapas options allowed us to share dishes with me and my Lady. Artichoke Dip was great, the Beef Ceviche was tasty and well presented, and the calamari was super tender and fresh. But of course, they specialize in drinks, in which the menu was extensive and well made, even categorized. Albeit my drink came out in a girly glass, but I should've expected it by the name, 'Tropical Blend'. Still delicious. Good music, ambience, vibe and decor. Pretty intimate setting as well and even the Mens room was clean and stylish, for whatever that's worth. Open until 3am QAM - that means 'every morning' in medical terms._Beantowns Finest_
5	pleasantly surprised by this place! the downtown location and very chic look of the place were intimidating at first. most places are crazy, stupid expensive, all form, less function. but the staff was super friendly, found a great corner booth for our group of 7 and squeezed us in before the reservation party arrived 2 1/2 hours later. the cocktail list is FANTASTIC. extensive, arranged by liquor so you don't have go crazy mixing your poisons (unless you're into that), with classics and their own inventions. i had the old fashioned (delightfully orange and dry, they even asked if i'd like bourbon or rye! - rye, please) and a madame (with bourbon, basil, and grapefruit juice, which everyone else wanted to sip and love on like i did). husband went out of his comfort zone with a sazerac, then ordered another. drinks aren't cheap, but they're well made and healthy sized. we ordered some snacks, a couple of friends ordered proper meals, everyone was pleased. highlights included the grilled veggies (with bok choy, pine nuts, tomatoes, other nice choices), plaintain chips (perfectly crisp, not at all greasy), and the creme brulee, which was unanimously declared the best of all time. greeted again by all the staff on our way out. just goes to show, you can't judge a book by its cover, nor a tapas joint by its shiny clientele.
3	Stopped in for a late night drink with my guy and promptly lost my ability to hear shortly thereafter. Perhaps I'm getting too old, so I shouldn't fault those who enjoy the peppy music at that decible level. Sorry kids. Despite the loudness, you can enjoy an array of lovely tapas and probably the biggest cocktail menu I've ever seen (20+ pages of drinks, drinks, and more drinks). We ordered a couple drinks and smiled at all the bottles we recognized on the wall. I don't know why, but little things like that make me happy.
4	I have been here numerous times and enjoy the food, drinks and atmosphere.  The place has a ton of drinks (a book) and is categorized very nicely.  There  is quite possibly every spirit known to man on the wall (may be hyperbole, but I digress).The menu is tapas based.  The chorizo and calamari are definitely worth trying.  The calamari is very tender and not dried out like a lot of other calamari I have had.I usually order the Illegal Iced Tea as a drink...its basically a long island iced tea with absinthe.  Also, there B57 shots are fun too, if you don't mind sucking up burning alcohol.  There is a small dance floor towards the back of the restaurant with a disco ball that happens later on in the evening.All in all a good place to grad some drinks and assortment of Spanish tapas with some friends or a girlfriend.
4	Tucked away in the Old Port, L'Asssomoir is a delicious restaurant with a great ambiance and lively environment. The crowd is young, loud and fun - there was a DJ playing live music - and the food is excellent. We went to dinner late, maybe around 9:30, and the place was still packed with a large dinner and drinks crowd.The menu is quite eclectic ranging from Spanish tapas, Latin American appetizers and tapas and wide array of tartares. We ordered the plantain chips which we awesome - although I doubt that they were homemade. It brought us back to our 5-week trip to Costa Rica. My boyfriend ordered the Duck Confit Quesadillas and I got the Green Apple & Salmon Tartare. He enjoyed his - wasn't blown away, but it was good. Mine on the other hand was amazing. The salmon was fresh and bright and totally delicious. I would go back here in a heart beat.http://queenofquinoa.blogspot.com@alyssarimmer
4	This little gem is tucked away in Old Montreal on the cobble stone streets of Notre Dame. It has great drinks, a small but great list of absinthe, and decent food! I wouldn't go there solely to eat, but paired with good music (and live bands), good company, and good drinks, it's worth it. I would recommend any of the meat platters to share, it's delicious for the most part!
4	Excellent food, great ambiance. What a find in Old Montreal!I recently went with girlfriends during a short visit to Montreal. The crowd is young, vibrant, and non-pretentious. They have an extensive cocktail list, and a wide menu of tapas food options - many of which were raw like tartar and ceviche. Perfect for my palette! My friends enjoyed their steaks, and one raved about her salmon entree. Overall it was a great place to dine with friends.
1	Most unsatisfied with our group dinner at L'Assommoir. We were there at 20:30 and ready to order but the waitress was finally able to bring the appetizers at 22:30! Very slow and sloppy service. She poured me a glass of water and spilled half on the table; she smiled dump and didn't even bother come back and clean. I had to eat all dinner on a wet table. Despite the fact we told her that some of us are working the next day, she brought at the last course at midnight. Unbelievable!Now about the food. With such a protracted service damn right we were hungry and we'd have gladly eaten anything. Unfortunately the bifteck canard looked like surest way to get a gastro. Sadly it tasted the same too: too salty and disgustingly sweet. It came with some french fries which were oily, overburnt, and obviously reheated. What a terrible combination. My colleague had the same type of fries with her steak. We could not help to remark that the servings at the table looked more like cafeteria food than a pretentious restaurant.You might be curious about the decor. The ambiance was almost stressful noisy. The selection of songs played by a house DJ were enough to cause indigestion but by the end of the night we had all lost our hearing due to the loudness of the "music". Somebody told me that he judges a house by the cleaningness of  the bathroom. I think it is enough to say that they didn't excel in that chapter either.We should have been paid for what we had a bear the whole night nevertheless we were the one to empty our pockets. For what we paid we could have had an excellent meal in many other places.In conclusion: with bad service, bad food, and an overall noisy stressful ambiance,  L'Assommoir is the perfect place where to ruin your night. If you want your dinner to be over before bedtime then aim to be there at breakfast.
4	Great ambiance, great location in Old Montreal.We had an early dinner/late lunch - there was no one in the place so we were worried it was closed.  Although in order to walk through the door, I had to almost physically move 2-3 guys outside smoking directly in the doorway.  This kind of thing makes me crazy, especially because it wasn't snowing/raining, so why they had to hover (and force me to walk through the cloud) in the doorway is bizarre, and really not classy.However, once inside things were better.  I had the mushroom risotto and it was REALLY good with fresh wild mushrooms.  Yum!  We also started with the appetizer sampler.  The wine was good, service was OK.
3	I was visiting from LA, so for me, the idea of easily walking into a bar on a Friday night and finding a decent table was pretty awesome.  The look of this place was super cool and dark and the music selection was FANTASTIC!  There is a definitely a good Friday night vibe here. However, the waiter that we got, was kind of pushy and a little too cool.  Like he was friendly, but wasn't very interested in our table as the guy at the table next to us was spending a ridiculous amount of money on alcohol and would obviously pay a bigger tip.  At this same time he kept making expensive suggestions on the menu.  I found that to be unpleasant.I think if we had a different server, my experience would have warranted more stars.  Maybe next time?
4	Neat little cocktail bar in old Montreal.A bit on the pricey side however, but most things are there. I tried two of their 4 (woohoo) Bloody Caesars, the classic and the Italian.I preferred the Italian, the classic wasn't super outstanding. We were seated in the back near this cool wine section I totally want in my own house now...very pretty, next time I'll try one of the wines.
3	L'assommoir was a pretty cool place.  Really hip ambiance and music playing at 10 pm on a Thursday night.  For a bar with only about 30-40 people in it, we were surprised at the 15-20 minute wait for drinks.  Still a cool place, just don't go there hungry, as the food takes longer than the drinks do.  This place is all about the vibe and it definitely delivers.  Definitely an awesome place to take a date.
5	I've seen the inside of a few drinking holes.  The L'assommoir beverage list was the most comprehensive I've ever seen.  Indeed, I mentioned this fact, and was told that the drink menu is the third largest "in the Americas" (as in, North and South continents).  Whether true or not, it struck me as plausible. To be clear:  this is not a bargain spot.  We dropped $30-35 over three drinks.  But in terms of what it sets out to be -- viz., a premium bar with professional barkeeps who make amazing drinks -- it executes beautifully.  If you have a taste for fine beverages and want them done properly, this is as good as it gets.
1	If you do not speak French, or know someone who works there be prepaid to be treated like shit. This place won the biggest a-holes award on my recent trip. They kept us waiting long after the 5 min they said, and then stuck us in a table only to get no service for even a drink after another 10 min. We decided to walk out instead of giving these hipper than thou pricks a dime...
4	Found at L'assommoir on a weekday evening at around 6, when everything else in the area seemed to be closed. Not only were the doors open, but our party was received with a warm greeting, quick seating, and immediate drink orders. Service was friendly, the waiter asking where we were from and answering our questions about the menu.I had the crab tartare with avocado, which was lovely in both presentation and flavor. The crab was not over-seasoned, but a perfect mild taste which the avocado and the accompanying pain a l'ail. Everyone else in the party was satisfied with their dishes also, including two who ordered fish and chips. The restaurant took on the palaver of how to serve such a casual dish as fried fish by placing it on a wooden cutting board with tartar sauce smeared on the surface. While the presentation was a bit strange for my taste, those who ordered it enjoyed both presentation and food alike.Throughout dinner, there was also a lovely atmosphere in the restaurant, a quiet noise level, soft music in the background, and an intimate, yet refined small-room aura. The bar seems popular, and looks worth a return visit to check out.
4	This is a fantastic tapas restaurant that a date treated me to.  It was cozy and intimate with great tartare dishes and cocktails.  The waiters are very attentive and knowledgeable and the decor is luxurious with high end wood paneling all throughout.  This is the place to go if you want to have a special experience with someone that you won't forget.  The location in the historic Old Port neighborhood gives it an added feel of significance that reminds one of a quaint European city.  I love this place and recommend it when visiting Montreal.
4	This is a busy place. Service is slow, BUT the food is inventive and satisfying. Salmon and coconut ceviche? Yes, please.The mini burger was overdone, but the flavour and seasoning was spot on.Mini Scallop burger. Easy to get this one wrong. They got it right.Drinks were expensive, but no more so than the neighbourhood average. Atmosphere? About a 9.Well done, L'Assommoir. You have a new fan.
3	Not sure why the hotel sent a 60 year old married guy from out of town to this place for dinner--its clearly catering to local young singles looking to hook-up.  They have a loud obnoxious DJ who plays mostly techno-pop (at very high volume) but also enjoys butchering classics like "dock of the bay."  Seriously disgusting to anyone used to real music.The food is inventive and I liked what I ordered with the help of the staff.  Maple candied Salmon.  A fairly nice beef dish.  A little maple-infused cake (it is maple season after all).  Even though they sat me out of the main room in a corner the service was actually pretty decent.  The staff was helpful (maybe I reminded them of dear old dad ;-))So in summary.  Good food.  Atmosphere sucks if you want to relax during your meal.
3	3.5Came here for last call and, for a late night bar, I was pretty surprised to see things so empty. Granted, it was a Monday night but closing time seemed to come a wee bit earlier than my local host anticipated. The bar staff was very pleasant to let us have a drink but there was no atmosphere of which to speak. i imagine that in a more populated time, L'Assommoir could be a very fun place. As it was, my experience there was slightly... awkward which was a buzzkill from the fun I was having earlier in the evening. Rather than the perfect place to end the night, LND became the place where the night sort of just... fizzled.Seeing that it was late and a bit on the cool side, I opted for the Jamaican Espresso: rum, Tia Maria coffee liqueur & cold espresso. There might have been some whipped cream/chocolate action on top. I'm not admitting to anything. The drink was just fine for what it was supposed to be: a dessert nightcap for a late night. The Tia Maria was a bit too bitter for me and even the sugar from the espresso & whipped cream (ugh; admitted) wasn't able to offset it as much as I would have liked. This isn't a drink I'd normally get at a bar but for an after dinner alternative to coffee, it'll do. Sorta. I'd need to come back to LND on a busier night and order a drink drink (maybe some apps as well?) to really get a feel for the type of place it is. As it was, it's a-ok.
3	Whether or not your friends have all the hookups at the hottest clubs in Old Port, if you're visiting Montreal, I'd say that you owe it to yourself to have a drink at L'Assommoir.Competing with plenty of nightlife strewn throughout this bar-heavy area in Montreal, L'Assommoir has it's pluses and minuses.  The biggest plus...no line!  Whether you're about to stand in line at Philemon for an hour, or you just left and are looking for a nightcap, look know further.  L'Assommoir has an extensive cocktail menu, with Cajun favorites like the Sazerac, to sweet dessert drinks like the Grasshopper.  I had both and they each did the trick, though they did water down quickly.  Service is average, but on the slow side.  Grab a drink when you have the opportunity.L'Assommoir provides a great place to start or end your night in Old Port, but don't expect it to raise or lower the bar for the other destinations on your alcohol-infused journey.
5	went here for late night drinks, were very satisfied. when we went out for a smoke break, the didn't take our drinks away either so we ended up staying for another round!
4	Great drinks, food, and service. Nothing was open on New Years Day and this place stood out as an oasis. The bar scene is pretty cool in the evening. The staff will do some cool shots including the amazing B57, which includes an awesome show buy Philip and some fire. Try it out if you're in the area.
