5	This is the my favorite Costco. It's less than 8 miles from my house and the staff are so nice. Most important, the fruits are fresh.Not all store are dealing with customer the same way. I find that customers shop at this location are more polite than other location. The parking lot are a lot of bigger than other location.
4	This is also my favorite Costco, with an easy to get to location.  During the construction on Arizona, it's especially useful to access this Costco via the back driveway onto the small side streets within the block.I can reliably get  Lean Cuisine in bulk at this Costco for two bucks each.
5	Costco has things that Sam's Club does not.  I feel that their bakery is superior.  I also like their meats a little better.  Costco has more of their brand items as well.They offer 3 types of membership- business, gold key and executive.  I have seen them raise their prices over the past 5 years.  We are on a membership with my family and business and our executive membership pays for itself as well as a few other memberships.Costco has coupon books throughout the year that can give you even better deals on items.  I also know that if you are looking for a deal, to notice in the price if the last number is a "7".  I have found air freshners on clearance for $3.97, as well as other items for a great deal.Their cafe has changed little over the years.  We really like their food- except for their non-fat yogurt.  It tastes like marshmallow fluff to me.In addition, check out Costco's website.  They have deals there that they do not have in their stores.  My sister got her wedding invitations at a great deal online.  Their travel section is pretty good too.  Not great, but getting there.I personally find this location more crowded than the other ones.  I know it is all about location though and going to the one that is closest to where you are.
3	Don't write me off as a simplistic food reviewer, but CostCo pizza is really really good. For $2.59 you get two thick slices of pizza (cheese, pepperoni or supreme) and a large fountain drink.***************************************************************Is it KOSHER to do two reviews of the same place? This time it's all about the hot dog! The other review was on the pizza, so they warrant two totally different reviews, right?For a buck fifty you can get a Hebrew National dog (see, now you get it Kosher, huh, I'm witty) and a soda. And people, it's a big dog. There's not a lot of options. You can ask for kraut at the counter, but standard fixings are yellow mustard, katsup, sweet pickle relish and onion.
5	Lets hear it for Costco! Costco has great customer service, clean aisles, openness, good deals on: gas, food, home, clothes... and selling my favorite pizza by the slice - Plus, I LOVE the free samples! If you are handing out free food, I'm there! (Maybe that's why Yelp events are so much fun for me!!) I love coming to this location because it's really close to my house and it's not usually too crowded so I get pretty good parking. If any one wants to come with me on a Saturday for some free samples just let me know! :D
4	I love Costco.  Great prices, decent customer service, great lunch deals!  Where else can you have a 1/4 pound hot dog and a drink for $1.60?  Of course they have free samples that encourage you to buy an item.  They sometimes hook me with those.  But you can have lunch every day in that place and never spend a penny.  And like Elle said, the items are a much higher quality than Sams Club.If you didn't know, Costco is a warehouse club that sells things in bulk.  Then also have jewelry and electronics that are a great deal.  I often order items from the web-site when I can get free shipping.  Also note that they have great prices on tires (often beating Discount Tire) and gasoline.  The pumps are a little hidden on the east side of the building, but they have plenty of them.  No diesel though.The only downside to this Costco is the parking.  Holy shit!  There have been many times when I've wanted to go postal on the morons who are parking their 25 foot long SUV's in tiny assed spaces blocking the entire aisle for 10 minutes while they lube up the sides to squeeze in.  All this while they yap on the phone and adjust their tits/nuts.  But then, I'm impatient.  I usually park on the side lot south of the tire shop.
4	Aww yea, baby! By far my second favorite Costco (my first favorite one is in Honolulu and only because I can get Macadamia nut Hershey's Kisses!).This has a gas station and...though my digestive tract hates me for it, a kick ass cheese selection. The Costco back in the 408/415 doesn't hold a candle to this Costco in cheese selection.I avoid any costco during their demo hours because frankly, I have zero desire to be shoved aside by hungry little mothers with their monster kids. I detest trying to maneuver around people randomly stopping to chat to the demo person and having their cart blocking off an aisle. Have some consideration, ok? Not all of us are there to eat!The best perk to this Costco? It's less than 10 minutes from my house. WOO HOO!Bummer they don't take other credit cards because I would love to get flight miles, but it's ok...I was persuaded to finally get an Amex and now I get back some rockin' rewards!
5	I love Costco. I usually do quite a bit of fresh food grocery shopping here. The produce is great and decently priced. When I go to Safeway for strawberries it's always a matter of finding the container with the least moldy ones, not so at Costco. They've just started selling crab stuffed portabella mushrooms which are delicious!
4	Costco Food Court has new hot dogs! Now they aren't Hebrew National anymore, so they aren't Kosher, but they are all beef and delicious.  I had the polish, I prefer it to a regular dog, and I like it more than the old Hebrew National polish dogs.  It has more of a bite to it, definitely more pepper flavor to the dog. Still the same price $1.50 + tax for a dog and a drink.
4	I frequently this Costco alot. I usually come here to buy hard drives for work. The price is real good and seems like the Hard Drives I buy are always on sale.
5	Costco is my religion. It is my heart, blood, and soul. It is my lord, and personal savior. It's my Madonna. Everything at Costco is amazing. Everything. I will fight or slice someone who dare speak ill of Costco. I wish that everything I own, use, and operate was Kirkland brand. I want a Kirkland wedding, and a Kirkland created husband.  I dream of the day that Costco rules the United States in a form of glorious Communist Retail Utopia!
4	What is not to love about Costco?  Oh, maybe that the bathrooms are so far away, the lines to pay are usually long (they do move quickly though) or that the snack bar doesn't take debit cards.Well, even with these little problems I still love shopping at Costco.  The products are good, the prices are good, the samples are fun and delish and the coupons are a bargain.Love my Costco membership!
4	Love their all beef hot dogs, and it's so easy to sneak in there to eat with no membership!  Thanks, Costco.
4	This is my "go to" Costco for all of my needs.  It's the closest to my home, and I'm here on a regular basis to get all sorts of things.I love Costco for all same reasons everyone else does.  This location is like all the others in the Valley-ample parking, good hours, free samples on Saturdays, and of course, the hot dogs.  I get one every time I'm here! I also like Costco because now they have their coupons loaded onto the membership card when you check out.  I found this out a while ago, when I picked stuff up that was on special, and the discount came right off at the register, without me having to whip out any coupons.  Makes life easier when you forget stuff like that, or when your stopping in and forget to bring the coupons with you.Overall I like it here, easy in easy out, and the staff is always friendly and helpful.My only complaint about Costco as a whole, is that I find some of their selection limited.  No name brand cat food, (Kirkland brand only), no 40 ounce Nivea in a blue bottle (they carry the skin firming crap in the white bottle, but I don't use it...I use the regular lotion in the blue bottle.)  They used to carry this stuff years ago, but since I've become a member again, it seems thier stock has somewhat changed, and I'm kinda dissapointed about it.Overall, Costco rules, and I love shopping here.  Always on my short list of places to stop for just about anything!
5	Big selection, reasonable prices.. I love buying in bulk because not only do you save, you get quality products. And it matters to get a good product for a good price.I usually buy their produce and I love how it always tastes great!
2	It's hard to hate on Costco.  I mean, what's not to love?  They've got quality products, they treat their employees well, you can save a lot in the long run when shopping there, and if you're ever broke one week, just swing by and live off of samples.In my book, Costco (in general) gets five stars.  The problem I have is with THIS particular location.  Specifically, prices.  I don't know what it is about THIS particular Costco, but for some reason their prices are often higher than those at other Costco locations in the valley.  The most glaring example to me was for a bottle of Glenlivet 12 scotch.  At every other Costco in town it's usually about $26; here, it's something like $32!  Yeah, it's only six bucks, but this is freaking COSTCO - saving money is the whole idea.  Plus, at that price, the bottle was more expensive there than at most local liquor stores.  That's just one example, and I've noticed higher prices at this location than at other local locations on various other items.  Frankly, I don't understand why one location would be more expensive than the others, but this one is.Save yourself some money and hit up the Costco on Elliot and Priest, or roll on up to Scottsdale.
4	I love Costco.  Good stuff at reasonable prices, plus pharmacy and optical and gas and bakery.  See my other Costco review (from Chandler) for most of my comments.  This store doesn't use the hand scanners I mentioned in the other review, but otherwise it's much the same.One thing I will note is that their berry smoothie from the lunch counter isn't as "berry" as it used to be.  Not sure if it's just this one, or if it's all Costcos.  But it was not as flavorful as it used to be.Only accepts American Express, cash, or checks.
4	Always good choices for wine, meat, chicken, and anything for the home. Isn't crowded at all and the prices here in Arizona are great!  I am a big big fan!!
5	Love Costco! Clean store, friendly employees (if you can find any; it is difficult to find people to help you find stuff), and good benefits. You can only buy stuff with cash or American Express in the store, but this is just another way they keep prices down.Lines are long on the weekends, but if you come at off-peak times you can make your way through the store fairly quickly. Staff is knowledgeable and there is a ton of selection of products. The quality of the food here is higher than other clubs and sometimes you can get things here that you can't get in a normal grocery store. Watermelons are great, produce in the refrigerated section is fresh, and they have a huge selection of wine and alcohol ranging from cheap to expensive. Meats are fresh and even salmon is often fresh and odorless.Unfortunately some products that become favorites are only seasonal or only carried for a limited time, but sometimes if you talk to the management they can get the products back in the store. Gas is inexpensive and high quality, you get cash back with the Costco Amex (you can only pay for gas with Costco cards or a PIN debit card). Once again, you can expect a high quality with Costco products, and if you ever have a problem, their customer service is fantastic. The employees care about their guests and you can tell they are treated well by the company.Thumbs up!
4	I like going in the early afternoon during the week. I avoid the weekends and the weekdays after 4pm like the plague. Crowds drain me. I avoid them when shopping. I like the bulk prices, clean store, friendly staff. However, I'm not the exploratory type, though that is one of the personalities Costco markets. That's why there are no aisle signs. They want you to explore, discover, and search for what you need - in hopes you stay longer and end up buying more of what you see, even though you don't need it. It works, even on me. I admit.All in all I go because I have a consuming family. So buying in bulk saves me money and time because - in theory - we won't run out of things as quickly.
5	I shop here about twice a week for groceries. They have great fresh meats and seafood along with good prices on organic butter, eggs and milk. Sometimes they have so many people doing samples you can practically eat lunch while shopping around. Only complaint would be sometimes they rotate foods too often and stop carrying something you really love.
5	The best ! !   Especially the gas station, it's always clean and employees are always friendly !   The new additive they add to the fuel seem to make my autos run better.
5	I LOVE COSTCO.  It is practically my Disneyland.  Because stock changes periodically, it's always an adventure strolling down the wide aisles.  The customer service and return policy is the best around.  The quality of the produce and foods here are fantastic and come out to be much cheaper per unit than at the regular grocery store.  Aside from picking up bulk groceries, I've gotten photos here, had an eye exam, ordered contacts.Some must-buys: bacon, cheese, berries, gas, alcohol, salsa, tortilla chips, snacks, coconut oil, pickles, almond butter, spices spices spices.
5	Shhhh! If you promise not to tell, I'll tell you a secret. There's a *certain* kid who has a birthday coming up, and if you were looking for a *certain* toy that costs at least double everywhere else, this is where you would go. That's one of the things I do enjoy about Costco. They bring stuff in and out pretty quick, so every trip there is different than the last. But there are also the staples in the foods and home goods sections that you can stock up on when you need to.This location stands out because after having been a few times, I've yet to have too hard of a time parking and it's always been pretty tidy. Please note, however, that I have yet to visit on a Saturday. Saturday at a Costco? What--do you have a death wish?
1	This review is for the Costco tire center at Country Club and Baseline in Gilbert.Bought a set of 4 tires from them.  When I got my truck home I noticed they had removed my nice metal valve stem caps and replaced them with plastic caps.  Complained to the store and got shoved over to the "tire manager" who did absolutely nothing.  Complained again and never heard back.  Hey Costco - where's my stolen property?  Do you even care?  Oh - that's right, you don't.  I gave you 2 chances to care and you obviously don't.  Discount Tire - I will never stray again.  Live and learn.
5	I wish the budget allowed me to shop at Costco every weekend! I wish I could get all my groceries from Costco! This Costco is awesome, it is never too packed, they have good prices and carry most of the items I need. I stopped at a Tempe Costco recently and I now appreciate this Costco location even more.
5	Staff is very nice and helpful. Great selection of bulk items like organic quinoa and ready to eat organic  brown rice (just microwave). The food store inside only accepts cash and the pizza is pretty good, but the sundaes are yummy and huge! !
5	When I'm in the area on the right days, I love getting gas here because it's some of the same familiar faces over the years, like Manny and Jim.  Great guys and wish we would have longer time to chit chat.  Always great to see their smiling faces.
5	This is a great Costco location. Saturdays are crazy of course but sometimes you have to do what you have to do. I'm always super impressed by their meat selections, their cuts are leagues beyond any standard grocery store and you probably won't find better without going to the local butcher shop.
1	The customer service here  is terrible. Employees make false accusations and their membership is a rip off. You don't save money here if you know how to shop savvy! What a load of crap!
5	Costco is one of my favorite places on earth.   I get all my electronics, computers, cameras etc.  How can you go wrong with their return policy and high quality products?   The food is great too.  We like to get the $10 large pizza or $1.50 hot dog and drink.  There are just too many great things about this place.  The membership fee is a fraction of what you can save by shopping here.
3	Good selection. Terrible hours on the weekend which is the only time I shop. Good for them bad for me. Sticking with SAMs next time.
5	Thank you Costco members.  You are the best in Arizona !  !
2	Love Costco, have been a member for 15+ years now.  A word of caution, you may want to count your pills before leaving the pharmacy.  Since May 2014, now Sept 2014 I have had three prescriptions shorted by several pills.  Picked up my latest prescription less than an hour ago, came home, and this one was short.  Dang, going back right now to have them get the quantity right.
5	Happy Halloween Costco members.  Come see us soon, the fuel price this week is $2.759.
5	Costco never disappoints. Looking for bulk items? Costco is your place with great prices and quality!
