5	Wow, where to start.  I started planning our wedding on my own using theknot.com to plan most of it.  This was around March 2011.  August came quickly and I wasn't happy with the overall plan and flow of our wedding day.  I didn't think we would have a good time and was getting overwhelmed.  I found Traci and Scheme on theknot.com and I can't say enough good things about them.  They met with us online and on the phone, figured out the best coordination package for us and explained everything they would do.  I knew right from the start that our day would be better because they were running the show.  We needed a reception venue just 2 months before our day....we weren't sure if it was possible.  Traci and Scheme did it.  We flew down in September and met with her and finalized everything.  She spent multiple days with us explaining and showing us everything we'd need to have a great day.  What a huge load off our minds.  I can't imagine planning an event without some help and Scheme is one of the best in Las Vegas.  I started to sleep better once I hired them and I don't regret it for a single moment.  Do yourself a huge favor and hire them.   They were with us from 12pm on the wedding day till the end of the reception(well after 10pm).  Every single thing was taken care of.  We got to enjoy every moment of our day because Traci and her team were in the background making sure everything was perfect.  I can't say enough good things about them.
5	So, I'm a guy, and a cheap guy, at that. I didn't want a coordinator. Didn't see the need for it. The bride did. She won, as usual. We met with Traci about day-of coordination services. I was unconvinced. A week before the wedding. I quickly changed my tune. Things started to go down and the bride called on Traci several times. Traci kept things on target and addressed issues we didn't know how to address. On the day, she was there from before we were until near the end of the reception. We had some minor snafus and a quick word with Traci fixed all of them. Guys (and ladies), they're worth it.
5	I've been meaning to write a review about this company for so long! I needed to plan a Halloween party for one of my very important clients and found scheme events. I had done the same party the year before and the company I used was disappointing and overpriced. I was very happy with the girls at Scheme they always kept me informed and involved and the end result was unbelievable! They even got actors to dance to Michael Jackson during the party which I would have never thought of! The party was a success, people are still talking about it 1 year later. I can't thank them enough for the work they did!!!
5	As a bride planning a destination wedding to Las Vegas, I was worried that my vision would not come together as I envisioned in my head. I hired Tara and Francesca as my day of coordinators and I couldn't have asked for a better team to do the job! Tara and Francesca were very responsive to all of my emails throughout the planning process. They were incredibly helpful throughout the whole process, despite only being day of coordinators. The girls were so professional. During our wedding they ensured that everything was set up as I requested and even took care of our dog who was the ring bear for our wedding!!! There's a reason why this team is number one when you look up Las Vegas Events Coordinators!!!!! Thank you girls!
5	Working with Scheme Events was one of the best decisions I made! We started working with Tara about six months prior to our destination wedding in Vegas and from day one she was totally and completely on top of it. I'm a very detailed oriented person and she was a fantastic match. Not only does Scheme know and work with all of the top vendors in Vegas, but they take the time to select the perfect vendors to deliver on your personal vision. Tara was also incredibly personable, funny, calming and just a pleasure to be around. We could not be happier with the end product - our wedding was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G and we owe it all to Tara/Scheme. Even some last minute requests for blankets (it was an unusually cool day in Vegas) the morning of my wedding and then shifting some details around at the actual wedding were met with a "happy to do" attitude. We would recommend Tara and Scheme Events to anyone and everyone. Especially the discerning/type-A/particular bride. :) They were truly the best.
