5	I came here for a mani/pedi several months ago because I had a coupon & then kinda forgot about it. Not because there was anything wrong with the place, I just stopped getting mani/pedis done so frequently. A month ago I decided to try out a "Rock Star" mani/pedi from another nail salon & what I didn't realize beforehand was that I would need to keep getting fills. I stopped getting acrylics in high school because of the maintenance. Even though the gels I got are a lot better than acrylics, I just can't justify spending $ on my nails & toes every 2 weeks, when my natural nails look just fine. So I went to Tammy's yesterday & had them remove the gels from my nails & toes & also got a pedi. I stopped by the night before to ask about removal & pricing (btw-it was $10 for removal) & the owner was nice enough to tell me about coupons they have on savvyshopper.com. I printed out a coupon for my pedi, awesome deal at only $16.99. I'm not sure if they forgot or if it is included with their pedis, but I wasn't charged extra for getting black tips & rhinestones across my big toes. Major bonus points!Rosa was my nail tech & I thought she was very good, so much so that I made an appointment with her for next weekend to get a mani.Oh & the salon, almost forgot to describe it. Well it's not much, VERY tiny space with about 5 spa chairs & about 5 nail stations. It is nice though & clean.
4	I go here all the time, and I think they are great. They are really nice and when you walk in the door they know who you are. I went there one time to get my nails done and brought my niece, they made her feel special and grown up. They clipped, filed, polished, and did nail art on my niece who was 7 at the time. They only charged me $6 for her little princess pampering. I was really grateful towards them. They're awesome.
5	My mom took me here today for my first time. She swears by this place because they do so many cute designs by hand... and I can tell you it was the best spa pedicure I have ever gotten, NO LIE!... salt scrub, clay mask, paraffin wax, callus buff, everything you can name... she worked on me for about an hour and a half... and then she did a PLAID PAINT JOB WITH JEWELS!!!!!! so fun!!!I think it was worth every penny! Ask to see their book of hand painted designs.. or bring in an idea I'm sure they can figure it out!WELL WORTH IT!!
2	This place needs a serious face lift and air freshener.It's seriously run down..in a "we opened and never did anything else" sort of way. I had tried going to 5 other nail places yesterday after work (in Scottsdale and Phoenix)because I have no time the rest of the week, and every single place was crowded, so this was my final spot before giving up. Note to self, make an appointment!It was fairly empty-1 person getting a mani and 1 person getting a pedi.It smelled like..well, urine. It could have been food, or the smell of their ac unit, but it smelled musky and down right stinky.In my desperation, I hung out for a bit because the person did greet me very nicely..I watched while they disinfected the pedi tub so it put me at ease after watching the thorough cleaning.The person I got wore gloves, used instruments from a sealed bag ..so all the cleanliness was a definite A plus.The ped chairs have seen better days, but the chair massage was awesome.The scrub they used on my legs was fantastic, and  I really got  a great pedicure-despite the sketchy appearance of the joint, the service and friendliness of the nail technician were a definite positive. I didn't feel rushed at all. I tend to go to places and feel like they are just desperate to get you out of the chair (well no one was waiting...so that might have been a contributing factor)!Anyway..hygiene practices are a definite 2 thumbs up.I find all AZ pedicures incredibly over priced..which is why I'm rating this as moderate.
5	After driving around to 4 other nail salons with a minimum of a half hour wait, we pulled into Tammy LA Nails. Although we did have a short wait there, they were able to get 3 of us in next to each other for pedicures.  The pedicure was amazing! My favorite is the lotion has the menthol in it and felt so good on a warm spring day! They told us they moved from across the street into this new location next to Gallegher's. I am for sure making this my new place for pedi's!
5	I really like this nail salon. I've only had pedicures here, but they do a great job and my feet look fantastic when I'm done. They do great nail art (which I take advantage of); last time I got plaid toenails; they were so cute!  Of course, they always try to up-sale, to a mani-pedi, or the spa pedicure, etc. but what nail salon doesn't? :)  I always have a pleasant experience here.
5	Excellent job! Had my nails done weeks ago, and they still look perfect. Highly recommend these people!
4	I started calling nail salons at 6:50 pm asking what time they close and they all said 7 and hung up on me until I called Tammy's. The lady who answered the phone was so sweet and told me to come in even though they were closing in 10 minutes. I got a pedicure and my eyebrows waxed. I was happy with the end result of the pedicure but  the lady could have given a better massage. I was also happy with my eyebrows and the lady who did them didn't give me a dirty look when I gave her feedback of what I wanted. The salon is average nothing fancy but I will definitely come back for the fabulous customer service which always wins in my book.
5	I went in for a mani/pedi today. Crystal talked me into the deluxe pedi and I'm so glad I did!  Best pedi I ever had! The singing/ humming she did along with it was icing on the cake :) Anna did my mani at the same time and I was in heaven! She even did a little back massage at the end. I'll be going back.
