2	I am not a football fan. That is due to growing up with two older brothers, one supported Rangers and the other Celtic. As you can imagine, that was fun.Tynecastle Stadium is a pain in the neck. Well no, the fact I live across from Tynecastle Stadium makes it a pain in the neck. What feels like every weekend, my street is packed with drunken middle aged men waving football scarves. The notion of walking down the street on match day is ridiculous because football fans do not care where you are trying to go, they will not move. Driving along the road is almost as fun, apparently football fans use different rules for the rest of us and roads are actually for pedestrians. Then post match there is the drunken fools who stay behind and sing or warble into the small hours. I imagine if you like football, or Hearts (the team, not the organ), then this will be a great day out. For me, not so much.
3	Tynecastle. The stadium of Heart of Midlothian Football Team (Apparently one of the biggest football teams in Scotland). Based in Gorgie, this stadium is not the best, but not the worst either. Yes, you have probably guessed that I am not a massive fan of the place. Don't get me run the atmosphere was brilliant and the fans truly improve the place. But the stadium looked tired, and really needed a makeover. The half time food was nothing to yelp about. The entertainment on the pitch wasn't that much better either (as a Celtic fan I am slightly biased, but Hearts fans I know would surely agree). Compared to other stadiums in the Scottish Premier League it is better than most, mainly due to its capacity and facilities, but other clubs will quickly catch up soon, and sadly it does not look like Hearts will improve Tynecastle any time soon.
3	Being an avid football fan I have been to many football stadiums, and this is about as average as they come. I came here for the Hearts v Rangers game and the atmosphere was great, but I'm not sure if that would be the same if Hearts were not playing one of the Old Firm or Hibs. The ground holds 18,000 people and will normally sell out if they host Rangers, Celtic or Hibs, but average around 14000 for other teams, which would still ensure a good amount of noise and banter between the fans.I sat in the Gorgie stand and thought that the seats were a bit too cramped, but saying that I am quite tall at 6"1 so perhaps this will not be an issue for everyone. The food on offer at half time was standard football stadium food- pies, sausages, burgers and chips  with an accompaniment of a variety of soft drinks or beer.
5	Not necessarily the most family-friendly outing available in town, I used to visit Tynecastle regularly as an away fan when I had a Rangers season ticket. I've long since grown tired with the baggage and general scumminess that comes with supporting a member of the Old Firm, but with many memories to look back on, it's Tynecastle I'd say pips it as the most atmospheric stadium in Scotland.A bit old and rickety, with fans tight in to the pitch, I always found it to be a pulsating, electric and wonderfully hostile place to go. The fans of both Edinburgh clubs always seem to give it that bit more than the usual indifference that plagues Scottish football, and in a city sadly tarred by the rugby brush, I always had a sneaking admiration for the way they stood their ground.Sadly, it's best days are long past, and unless a major economic and sporting shake-up of European football takes place, which it won't, they won't be back anytime soon. Scottish football is dying a long, lingering death, from Celtic to Camelon Juniors, and even at the top level, the standard is dropping along with the attendances and to some extent, general public interest. Couple this with a likely renovation into a soulless, cookie-cutter stadium in a few years, and I'd say visit Tynecastle sooner rather than later.
3	In terms of viewing whatever match you're there to see Tyncastle's probably as good as any similar sized statium in the country. Its facilities and availability of staff are though another matter.We all know Hearts are skint but is turning off the hot water in the (undersized) Gents of the Away End really saving them that much? The lack of foresight when operating a cash gate & only having one turnstile for that and one for pre-purchased tickets, particularly at this time of year, was always going to be a cause of friction too.Otherwise a functional edifice that's not likely to have a great deal of cash spent on it anytime in the near future.
