4	One of the harder golf course I've played at.  They do have really good summer specials.  The courses are nice along with the greens.  Driving around got a little confusing sometimes, I'm not sure why.  The staff is friendly.  I wouldn't mind playing here again.
5	Possibly one of the most difficult courses to play in Las Vegas.  Especially from the back tees. Now it's a desert course but there really are no hazard nor waste areas where you can play your if you misplay your tee shot. So before you come to Rio Secco, get that long game in synch. You'll need especially for the seventh hole.One will notice the beautiful views of Las Vegas, or the gigantic, or maybe the nice yardage guide and divot tool in your cart, or the spacious clubhouse, or the sweet range or that across the range is the Butch Harmon Golf School. Harmon, formerly the swing coach of Tiger Woods, is the biggest name golf instruction, now teaching Phil Mickelson and Adam Scott.Besides all that, one thing you WILL notice is the moment you step on the practice and you take that Scotty Cameron putter back. And you tap that little golf ball forward for that simple 8 footer and notice that the ball  is past the ball 16 feet. Yes, the legend is true, these greens are fast! They are fast, fast. And every putt breaks towards the city.A fun yet real challenging course, they have plenty of different tees for different skill levels. They have some of the most beautiful holes in the city that are cut into the granite formations and monoliths in the development. The second hole an all downhill, dogleg right is an extremely challenging but picturesque holes on the course. But the signature seventh is played in the middle of a canyon and ends in an amphitheatre of rocks. Beautiful hole.Now if you are a guest of the Rio hotel, I think you can get limo service all the way to Rio Secco, which is about 20 minutes away in Henderson. That maybe the case for all Harrahs casinos though. Now, if you're a frequent player at said casinos, you may get discount and/or comps to play at Rio Secco. It's a pricey place to play, but it definitely worth it.
4	I live in Las Vegas and the course is challenging but well worh the effort if you can drive the ball well and keep it in the fairway.  This is a desert course so most of the time, you will find unplayable lies off the fairways.Great views of the city and the homes on the course.
4	Played here this past Sunday.  5th round of the year here.  The course was in good condition, and the greens were fast as usual.  It's a long course... 7300+ from the tips.... and the distance and the greens is where most of the "difficulty" comes from.  The course runs through Seven Hills, with nice views of the city.  Although it is in a housing development, most of the houses are set back pretty far from the course.... so for the most part you don't really notice them all that much while you're playing.  I think it's a similar course to Lexington at Revere (located just a few miles away)....  although I think Lexington is actually more of a challenge....  although Rio Secco has a more highly regarded name.  The casino employee rate was $50 when we played, but I think it will drop even more during the middle of summer.  The staff here is all very helpful and friendly.  Although the pre-round practice facilities aren't all that great.  You're supposed to hit off the mats on the practice range.... which I hate!  makes every shot seem like a perfect one.  Overall a nice course.... in my top 5 or 6 for Vegas.
4	This is a very challenging golf course.  Set in the hills of Green Valley, this desert course requires that you are not only a long ball hitter, but an accurate one at that.I would not recommend this golf course to the average or high handicap golfer, it will only frustrate you.  The views of the valley are spectacular and if you are into it they offer "Tee Mates", which are "good looking" women who you can pay an extra fee for them to ride around with you during your round....they will replace divots, tee up your ball, fix ball marks, and tend the pin.  I've never used that service as I find it distracting and a waste of money.  However, if that's what floats your boat, it's available.....just remember that you have to pay extra for it and reserve them ahead of time.The course itself is kept in great condition all year round.  The fees are above average for a Vegas golf course, but you get to play a fantastic course for your money.I've played here a few times, but not enough to have favorite holes.Will I return?  I will eventually, it's a good course.
4	I make it to Vegas a few times a year for the past 10 years or so and I usually lug my clubs with me to experience some golf. I have stopped at Rio Secco before but did not play so I was looking forward to this experience.I was alone this time and booked a tee time as a single. I pulled into the parking lot and was expecting to see somebody at the bag drop but nobody was there. I parked and because I had just arrived from the airport I had to go inside and change into my golfing attire. Nice cozy locker room that was clean. Changed clothes and went back to my car and started unloading my clubs. At this time, a guy came out to my car with a cart and loaded my clubs but I had to walk to the clubhouse.Nice proshop that is well stocked with many brands of clothing. Friendly staff behind the counter got me going and pointed me in the right direction.Range balls are included and I stopped at the snack bar conveniently located right next to the practice tee.The course is a site to behold. Designed in the valley of the foothills and lined with lavish homes of various sizes and designs. I had a GPS for my yardage which came in real handy and kept me from hunting for those darn sprinkler heads. I didn't get a caddie this time but maybe I will try one of those T-mates for next time. Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed the course and would recommend especially if you can find a special rate or don't mind twilight rate heat.
4	This is a tough course!  Not for a Beginner.Location: Seven Hills... set amidst the rich and shameless mansionsService: Top NotchLayout / Topography: elevation changes, dog legs and fairways that are along the canyon walls... a couple of water holes I'm by no means a good golfer, but I like a challenge.Yes....this course can be frustrating if you are not a straight hitter off the tee.  Thankfully, I hit it straight 90% of the time so I can see my ball on the fairway or find it on the 1st cut.It is immaculately cared for.#12 is my favorite.  Probably because (for some odd reason) I either par or birdie that hole... I don't know why... it should be a scary hole for me because you have to clear a waste area and hit the green otherwise you have a hell of chip onto the green.  Anyways... it's that hole that keeps me coming back for more.#17 and #18 are really LONG and wide ... so grip it and rip it!The view from #18 is spectacular!!  The whole LV valley is right before you.The Restaurant is good too... I like that the bar area is low and has regular chairs and not bar stools. There are several TVs and you can catch up on the golf channel or whatever you want to watch while you eat. (If there isn't a crowd they will change the channel to your choice.)Menu is varied and tasty.  I've tried their salads and sandwiches... all very good.
4	Always in great shape..Nice and long from the tips which is always fun..Tiger Woods does have course record though. Greens are as true as you can get out here in vegas..Service is good. The views are awesome also.
4	Really fun golf course, that I used to play a lot. Played about a month ago and the course was in pretty good shape greens weren't awesome, but they rolled a pretty decent fast speed for the end of the summer when greens usually struggle. The pace of play was pretty good, they were running a local special for $43, for a shotgun start at 7:30 am. We beat the heat at a great price for a really fun golf course. Be prepared for a difficult challenge. There is very little room for error off the tee so bring your accurate sticks :)Great views of the strip from 11 tee, and 18 tee, and even #1 fairway and #2 tee and fairway. Great set of par 3's on this course and the par 5's are pretty lengthy. The course finishes with two par 5's so hopefully you can grab a birdie on one of these two holes to finish your round. 4 good stars, would be 5 stars but when they aren't running local end of summer specials, they are way over-priced, especially for locals.I like this course tho and it's really fun when you play well.
4	Another Harrah's property courses that is discounted for Hotel Guests. Daily fees also apply.  Much like Dragon Ridge in the hills and valley that overlook Vegas this place winds through the landscape also with many gorgeous homes bordering the property.  Another immaculately kept landscape that has hard fast greens that are shall we say less than fair? Ok hit it in the right place and you have a chance to make putt or  you can be totally screwed.  Great views of downtown Vegas from many holes and the par 5 finishing hole down the valley with Vegas in the background is a real nice touch to finish.  Some of the greens were not in perfect order so I'll knock a star off here, but staff was great, driving range gorgeous and a place I would not mind playing again.
4	Tough and really pretty course with a few amazing views of the city. There was a storm that came over when we were playing and flash flooding started. I liked that they provide bottle water and divot tool. The mansions that surrounded the course was a little unbelievable. Not a single bad looking home under 5000 square feet. Good experience all around.
4	Nice and friendly staff. Make sure to provide your Caesars Reward card for discounts. It was about 25 minutes from the strip. The course is good. I would come back again.
4	Played this course on day 1 of our 3 day golf adventure for 2013.  Rate we paid was $199.  Course has a nice layout just 25 min from the Strip with some scenic views from a bunch of the holes!  Much of the course looks like it could have been a rock quarry!  Lots of nice homes wrapping around the course.  Some challenging terrain!  A very nice Rees Jones Design!Hole # 7 is the Million dollar hole challenge.  Basically you place a wager and if you get it on the green your money is doubled in pro shop gift certs.  If you get a hole in one then you come back for a second chance to hit for a million!  Only challenge for us playing was that we were behind a slow group!  Check out the Tee mates program if you want a sexy girl riding with you replacing your divots and raking your bunkers all day! :)Otherwise a great round!
1	Played Rio Secco yesterday and it was extremely slow due to the groups in front of us using the girl caddies ( that they paid $200 per girl)...so they were in no rush to play golf...it was mostly drinking and slow play by the groups in front of us....to top it off the staff encourages this kind of frat party environment...so if you are a real golfer skip this place as quick as you can...plus it is over priced and poor condition ( the traps are dirt and gravel )...Las Vegas and Henderson have numerous great courses...try them out and don't bother the hassle of Rio Secco and their poor customer service
5	This course was amazing from the start.  Great service from the attendants and staff.  Pro shop was very accommodating.  They had left handed clubs ( which are hard to find).  Things were a bit pricey, but what isn't in Vegas.  Practice facility was cool, with the exception of having to hit off mats, and there were not yardages anywhere in sight.  Course was in great shape.  Best views of the Vegas skyline I have seen yet.  Greens rolled true and company was a bonus.  Play it if you are looking for a great golf course.  $89 golfnow.com
4	My husband Michael loves it here....  Not only because it's literally around the corner from our home, but because the staff, course and restaurant are awesome.  Always has been great experience!!!
