5	Gorgeous inside with rustic charm. The menu is a wonderful French / Scottish mix. The food is to die for. Amazing!
5	This is an excellent restaurant.  We had the foie gra, scallops, and pidgeon appetizers and the sea bass main dish.  Everything was great!  And everything in the dish worked well together.  The restaurant is very quaint, and has great mood lighting.  It gives you this feeling that you went back in time to the 18th century and are eating at a little restaurant above a store.
5	The Grain Store sits on the first floor of a building on the colourfully curved Victoria Street. Inside, it is tastefully decorated in a rustic style and the ambience is intimate and romantic. The menu aims to showcase Scottish produce (local wherever possible) and it does this superbly, everything is freshly prepared and served up to you simply and stylishly. The menu changes regularly, when I was last there I had mackerel done three ways (smoked, pickled and cured with capers and lemon) - a classically Scottish dish with a twist, done very very well. The staff are knowledgeable, professional and friendly - the wine that was recommended went well with my meal and the price of the bottle wasn't too much of a shock.The Grain Store represents all that is good with Scottish cuisine today and obviously this comes at a price, but it is a price worth paying.
4	The Grain Store is located above shops on the bustling Victoria Street in Edinburgh.The restaurant itself is beautifully designed - rustic and (dare I say it?) romantic. The over all feeling is of intimacy and seclusion - but in a good way.The food itself is magnificent - and most certainly proud to be Scottish. The staff were bursting to tell us which of the many meals were locally sourced and how fresh they were which was good to hear. The food was beautifully presented and more suprisingly standard glasses of wine are larger than I expected. Bonus. The menu is regularly changed and updated - so it is of course an excuse to go back time and time again, which I most certainly will.There are however, a few let downs with The Grain Store. Firstly, it was on the expensive side despite it being pointed out to me several times that the food was good quality and very tasty. Secondly, I had the distinct impression that the staff were ungreatful for our custom - an off putting notion.Over all - the Grain Store has a magnificent atmosphere, great food, beautiful location and generally very nice - but it is let down by the prices and a ever so slightly rude staff.
4	4.5* really...Set on the first floor over a number of shops on Victoria Street, the Grain Store's atmosphere with its many small rooms and authentic decoration sets it apart from the beginning. With friendly and welcoming staff, the intimate setting works very well indeed.The food here is very good. Extremely good, in fact. I think I was spoiled a little by having eaten at Wedgwood the previous evening, which set the bar very high indeed... and between the two, I think I would still prefer Wedgwood. That said, the quality of the meal was highly impressive, with the locally-sourced ingredients being a major plus. However, given the relatively small portions -- notwithstanding the high quality, the portion control was a little too far towards "nouveau-cuisine" for my liking -- it's on the pricey side of expensive.This was a very enjoyable evening, and if you want a romantic dinner with a loved one, I'm not sure anywhere else in Edinburgh can beat the combination of ambiance and great food. Purely on the basis of price and food quality though, there are certainly alternatives which give the Grain Store a run for its money.
4	4.5 for me.Really enjoyed my dinner here. Booked in for my birthday on a Saturday night and had a really lovely time. Love the cozy, romantic, rustic feel of the restaurant as well as the really tasty food. Great wine list with some really affordable options as well.
5	Wow....wow......have to say hands down one of the best meals I have eaten in Edinburgh.The decor as a point 1 is incredible, rustic French barn come wine cellar look that immedietely makes you think you might be on holiday.The wine list is also very strong, we had a very refreshing pinot grigio. Yes I know I should of had red but my dining partner (mum Mum) only likes white and we were sharing a bottle.Onto the food, to kick us off 6 oysters BOOM! I am already a very happy birthday boy.Jenny.L made a great point a few weeks ago that you dont see foie gras on enough menus. Well it takes pride of place here, set along side slices of rare pigeon breast and poached quince. The foie gras sits on a slice of brioche which just adds to all the flavour. An absoloutely stunning starter. Mum has the goats cheese which again was lovely, often goats cheese is quite heavy but this was light and full of flavour. The bread we were served when we arrived came in handy for plate clearing :DOnto the mains and there was only one option for me, Saddle of Perthshire Venison, Celeriac puree, Beetroot & Carrot. The deer was rare as advised by the waiter and just so damn tender. There was also a hidden suprise on the plate, a ball of braised deer cheek was wrapped in a few kale leaves. I though it was a sprout at first and then cut into it to find this unbeleivable meaty suprise!!! My hat to the chef 3 times over!!! Witha  stunning reduction and all sorts of other flavours going on around the plate the taste was just superb!!We were too full for derert but ordered coffees which came with a dark cocoa caramel! Home made of course and delicious.Cant recommend this place highly enough and I will be back very soon as soon as I can get a girl to agree to go on a date with me :p!!Jd = Happy man!!!!P.s. actually scrap that last point I want to go back soon :)
3	Firstly, there is no disputing that the food is good. A great and wide variety of game, seafood, poultry and red meat, beautifully cooked and presented. On the night my wife and I went totally seafood, enjoying pan fried scallops with crispy bacon, poached lobster with tagliatelle and lobster bisque, crispy skinned halibut with spinach and broccoli and sea bass with a creamy mussel sauce...utterly delicious and in it's own right worthy of 5 stars. However...We are disappointed with the service. When you're experiencing such beautifully prepared and cooked meals, there is an expectation that the front of house experience will not be anything less in comparison, therefore ensuring the perfect dining experience. The staff at The Grainstore were very friendly, no doubt, but their attention to detail is greatly lacking and perhaps a sign that the front of house staff are on the whole very inexperienced. Firstly, after ordering the wine, we were presented with the wrong bottle. Secondly, both my wife and I had to repeat our selections when orders were taken due to the French waitress having a poor grasp of English. Thirdly, again due to English comprehension issues, my requested flat white came out as an espresso. Lastly, on presentation of the bill we had to wait 25 mins before one of the staff came over to process our card payment...and this was with us trying to get their attention for the last 10 minutes of that 25.When you're paying well over 3 bills for a dinner for 2 (and more than happy to do so), there is an expectation that the experience, all of it, will be married and aligned. As said, the meals themselves are worthy of 5 stars (and have received ad much from other reviewers), but the service I'm afraid a lowly 1.
4	The boy definitely pulled out the stops for us on date night. Suited, booted, armed with flowers and a reservation at The Grain Store. Yup, I got me a good one, I have to say. 5 stars for decor, it's cosy, dark and perfect for a candlelight dinner for two (it was by candlelight, so done deal, really). We had: 1) scallop ceviche with lime and coriander2) poached lobster with tagliatelle and lobster bisquefollowed by 3) ravioli stuffed with fennel, aubergine and artichoke. 3 of my top 10 veggies, in one parcel? Amazing! Served with winter chanterelles and spinach... just sounded delicious4) roasted mallard with plum tarte tatin and other stuff (I dunno, I was still distracted by the ravioli)So, what went right? Scallop ceviche was a first for me - so succulent, limey and melt in the mouth - I was nervous about trying scallops, which are a hit and miss with me at times - but The Grain Store delivered 100% on this starter. The lobster was another masterpiece, sweet tasting bisque with none of that overtly fishy flavour that some dishes can impart. The boy did note that he found the tagliatelle a little dry, though. Beautifully presented, nonetheless. The boy also had the tarte tatin for dessert - with a 20 min wait, it was well worth it by the way it disappeared without giving me a single bite. He did allow me to try a small morsel of some fabulous vanilla ice cream though. What went wrong? Three attempts to find a wine in stock. Unfortunate, a little annoying, but we did end up with a nice Californian chardonnay as a result. The boy also found his main was cold on the edges. Mine was roasting hot, so suspect one had to wait for the other. Otherwise, he loved his main course - dramatic as beetroot smeared its way all over the plate - a foodie bloodbath!Lastly, I had a panic over my main course. The first dud of the night was finding broccoli in the dish - it wasn't mentioned, it makes me throw up (literally, not a metaphor for 'I don't like it'), I don't like finding it in my meals and request it to not be when I am aware of it. But it was all through my garnish, as was beetroot and carrot (apparently it was an experiemnt). What made it worse, was biting into something that had the consistency and saltiness of bacon (turns out it was a crispy spinach which was the guilty party, hard to imagine, but true). In the romantic dim candlelight, it looked like there was ham or bacon in the dish (beetroot infused carrot, eh!). In my defence, the boy tested and agreed that it tasted like bacon. Anyhow, it was enough to ruin the enjoyment of my meal. As for the ravioli, despite the three (quite different) flavours, the ultime result was bland and disappointing. So overall, I regretted my choice of main. Finally - the cheese platter I ordered was a little less than spectacular. Not bad... just indifferent. But the oatcakes were fantastic! For a girl who avoided oat cakes like the plague until this year, I've come to appreciate a good, home made oatcake. Three types, with the middle one tasting like a savoury hob nob. That may not seem like the highest of compliments, but for me it is. Finally, before you cast The Grain Store aside, think on this: despite previous reviews noting poor service, we didn't have that experience. Our servers were cordial and ticked all the boxes. They placed us away from the family with a young kid to give us privacy & peace in our very own dining area, and chatted away (and also recommended other places to visit). When I complained about my main potentially being soured by meat, not only did they doublecheck with the kitchen, but came back with an explanation as well as noted that they had provided feedback to the chef in regards to ensuring no meat like flavours are imparted in a veggie dish, so this would be noted as part of the meal, also offering to replace if I so wanted. Prompt with each part of the meal as well as the cheque, I found it exemplary. As a date night, as I mentioned at the start of my review, it was a fantastic choice - if we found ourselves here again, I wouldn't be sad. I'd just be a little more judicious with my menu choices.
4	This restaurant we visited several times - we have had good meals here.very romantic and service is impeccable. Dimly lit is certainly a great feature when going for a romantic meal. The place is quiet, several 'snuggle corners' where you feel you are the only ones there. However some unfortunate places spot lights also create uncomfortable glare, as i had sometimes - but they can be adjusted. The food is seasonal (ish) and you can get proper meals for your money. The place is beautifully kept / restored and you certainly not feel like you are dining in the heart of Edinburgh. Recommended!
5	An amazing restaurant, represented on Victoria Street only by a little red doorway unassumingly placed to the left of The Whiskey Shop.The food is expensive, but it makes a wonderful treat and the atmosphere is very intimate for two. Their wines excel and the staff seemed quite knowledgeable.If you're looking for a romantic dinner for two and don't mind the price tag, you won't be disappointed with The Grain Store.
4	The food was really good and the place lovely and full of atmosphere. But what really makes this place stand out is the AMAZING service! I don't eat much meat or wheat and as the only vegetarian dish on the menu was pasta I asked the waiter if they would be so kind to make a gluten free vegetarian dish? 30 min later one of the best lentil vegetarian dishes appeared on my plate. Considering the spontaneous way that the dish came to life I was utterly impressed of the level of quality and how all the dish just came together.Competent chefs and great service - how can you not love this place?
5	NOM NOM NOM.The food was bloody awesome. Venue great. Just stop reading this and book a table now.
4	Great find while on vacation -  Food and staff could not have been better -  Excellent for a local yet not so local eatery.Owner came to our table several times to check on us and explained the menu as well as we got a quick history lesson of the building -  you know us tourists -  Natasha waited on us and was so pleasant -  We felt like part of the family.
2	Totally dissapointed in this one.  Very limited menu with no salads or soups or sides to order.  Not a single starter that i would consider.  The food was good and the chicken tender.  The female waitress we had was not helpful and a little rude to us.  The setting is awesome.
5	I have been here three times, and loved it each time. The best part is, of course, the setting,  on my favourite street in Edinburgh,. The interior of the restaurant is stunniing, and extremely romantic.  I felt like I was dining in a castle or a manor house. We ordered a red wine from the Languedoc region in France and it was very good value for money. My venison was tender, and mild in flavour with a delicious sauce that I wish I could duplicate at home. I am not usually a big fan of puddings but ours were quite tasty and not overly sweet. My only suggestion is that I wish they offered Sides on the menu so that we could take more advantage of their wonderful produce. Perhaps next time I will ask, why didnt I think of that last eveninig? :-)
1	We had a horrible experience here. We left after being served bread and croutons in the gazpacho after assuring me each time that it was gluten free when it was not.   When I produced the croutons after the second attempt, the waitress shrugged and told me that she had spoken to the chef. Poor service, bad wine, most of the items on the menu were not available, and worse of all, serving gluten to someone with celiac disease. Much better options for dining in Edinburgh.
5	The seared foie gras and venison (deer) - my favorite plates.
4	This was a great spot for lunch! Last time I was in Edinburgh my waitress at another restaurant had recommended this place as one of her favorite places to go as a local for a nice meal. I was pleasantly surprised to see that it was just a block away from my hotel.We did the 2 courses for 12.50 and it was an amazing offer. We had baked oysters to start that were okay. You could still taste the freshness of the oyster, which was nice. I started out with the gazpacho, which was very garlicky but still quite tasty. It was a bit more acidic than I like it, but super fresh and light. I went with the risotto dish while my colleagues went with the trout and the pork belly. Everyone was quite happy! And seriously, for the price it can't get any better. You could taste the quality and freshness in everything on the plate. Secondly, you really can't beat the atmosphere. It was quaint and charming and a great view of the city from the windows.
5	Cute place in an authentic setting. The restaurant has Scottish charm. The food was clean and hearty. Had a halibut carpaccio which was amazing. The staff was friendly. Met the owner who was just great. Highly recommend.
5	One of the best restaurants I've been to yet. Intimate candle lit setting, and very cozy. The food was amazing.
5	One of our favorite meals during the trip. Excellent value at lunch... 15 pounds for 3 courses. All 3 courses (particularly the starter and main) were excellent.I ordered the Black pudding started, and Pork Belly main, and both were delicious. Service was really good as well. The place was very busy at lunch (mainly with senior citizens that day). However, it did seem like most of the people were locals. The setting of the restaurant was quite nice as well. I'd definitely recommend this place to others.
