4	This place is GREAT!So when I first started going here I scored and found a dish that was absolutely amazing... Hunan Spicy Two.  I literally ordered this dish every single time I went under the thought that the dish was so delicious there was no way anything could match it.  By suggestion of the owner, I began to branch out and I gotta say, every dish is better than the last... like they just keep getting better.  Their sauces are spot on and amazing.  Absolute perfection every time.  I'm a big fan of sauces in Chinese cooking and their dishes are made saucy and not dry.... so good.  It's a restaurant with no windows and the inside isn't totally chic, but it's no-nonsense mostly Cantonese style Chinese food with a hint of Thai.  Give it a shot.  *Note:  Credit cards are accepted for $10 or more.
5	An Outstanding Chinese Restaurant! Fresh Wholesome ingredients cooked in genuine Chinese fashion with a creative menu. The Great food is topped off with friendly courteous top-notch service.  I have found no better chinese restuarant in the area.
4	From the get-go we liked this place.  The fried dumplings were wonderful and crispy on one side and lovely and soft on the other and the dumpling sauce was amazing and just spicy enough.  My husband refused to let it go and finished it over the course of our meal!On this, our first trip, we had Tangerine Beef and the Crispy duck.  The tangerine beef sauce was sweet and a bit tangy with a touch of spice and the beef was crispy and very tasty.  The duck was amazing.  The tastes were multilayered and well balanced and the crispy coating was salty and peppery and almost buttery under it all.  Together it created a very complex savory and sweet dish with a kick of spice at the tail end.  The flavors in the duck were very reminiscent of Cantonese food in Shanghai...this is the first time I can say this about a restaurant in the states that isn't located in a Chinatown. The wait staff was friendly and very helpful, welcoming us back and giving information on some local Asian markets as we left.  I highly recommend this place!
5	Been more than a bit busy as of late and haven't done any reviewing. (Although I do admit I've been using Yelp (as always) for my viewing pleasure-- just haven't been giving anything back.) However... last night's takeout dinner from Joyful Chinese was so good, I had to take a moment to post a review. I must do everything I can to ensure that others frequent this establishment, so I will continue to have my much needed Chinese fix met. I admit it, I am addicted to Asian food. I love it all--sushi, dim sum, Thai, Vietnamese, etc., etc.-- but none more than just good old-fashioned Chinese takeout. I MUST have it once a week, or I begin to have serious withdrawal symptoms. When I lived further North in Scottsdale, we used to alternate between Flo's and Shanghai Club weekly. Flo's, while a bit out of the realm of usual Chinese, is always delicious and Shanghai Club was (IMO) the epitome of really good, traditional Chinese fare. However, these days, Flo's is too far to be convenient and alas, Harry finally succumbed to the pressures of the economy, and it seems as if Shanghai Club is no more. (I almost cried when I discovered they had closed-- I'd been eating there since it opened (as Royal China) in 1992.) Since the loss of my favorite place, hubby, son and myself have been searching (in vain until now) for a suitable replacement. We have tried--literally-- just about every Chinese restaurant within miles of our home. Most have been absolutely AWFUL, and a couple have been okay, but not worthy of a weekly repeat. Finally(!!) last night was a winner!! Joyful Chinese was voted by all three of us as delicious and near perfect on all dishes!! First off, we had the Hot and Sour soup. This is the dish by which we tend to judge all Chinese restaurants. (Flo's is a bit nontraditional with undertones of Cilantro but oh so good, and Shanghai Club's was perfect in every way!) Most of the places we have tried as of late can not make a good Hot and Sour if you paid them-- which we did!! The usual mistakes include too dark, too cloying, too peppery hot and not depth of flavor hot, too bland, and so on, and so on. When we picked up our box of food last night, Jacob almost yipped with glee when he saw the color of the H&S through it's container; it looked perfect!! And the flavor lived up to its color. The soup was hot (but not peppery); it was sour. The taste was full-bodied but not at all cloying, and it was filled with the correct amount of egg, tofu, shrimp and other goodies. All in all it was delicious!! In addition to the soup, we had pot-stickers, Black Pepper Beef, Yui-Shan Pork and Curry Chicken (minus the potatoes-- I don't really like them and besides, who needs the added carbs!). Everything was wonderful!! The pot-stickers were as good as Angela N. described in her review back in April-- "wonderful and crispy on one side and lovely and soft on the other and the dumpling sauce was amazing and just spicy enough." The main dishes were all delicious and (as they should be) each unique in its flavor. (Sooo many of the places we have tried recently seem to make every dish taste almost exactly the same--yuck!) The beef was tender and flavorful with the perfect amount of pepper and spice. It had an excellent balance of green peppers, onions and mushrooms but still more beef than anything. The pork was perfectly spicy and pungent and it had all the appropriate julienned veggies (carrots, celery, etc.) that help make Yui-Shan one of my favorite dishes. Finally, the curry chicken was full of flavor, spicy but not killer hot and just the right amount of coconut milk to make the sauce thick and rich but not goopy or cloying. I can honestly say that I liked all three of these main dishes equally. And when I asked the hubby which one(s) he'd like to take, as leftovers, for lunch today, he stated that they were all so great I could choose my pick first. That's high praise from him!! (For the record, I gave him the beef, I took the curry and I saved the leftover Yui Shan to eat cold (yum!) for breakfast one morning. I know it sounds weird, but try it; it's delish!!) Wellll... this review got a bit long. But I needed you to understand just how important it is that you try Joyful Chinese (and send everyone else you know there too). They've been open for 4 years, according to the very nice lady who took our order, and only 4 people have reviewed them. Trust me; go there, and then write a review. We need to keep great-tasting, traditional Chinese places like this around. There are far too many mediocre ones taking over!! p.s. As a side note-- if my memory serves me, this is the location that years ago used to be Eddie Chan's when he and Flo were still married. So the place has been there forever (even though the center is mostly dead), and it still looks like I remember it from when I was a kid, and my parents used to take us here weekly. Now you know where my addiction started.
5	Went back again; Some of the best authentic Chinese food around. And it's served in a warm cozy setting by friendly staff at a reasonable price.
5	I like Chinese food. When I lived in San Francisco, I lived in the Inner Richmond (before it was run over by the Hiptards, when it was a fun Chinese neighborhood), and would go to various restaurants with a friend, Chinese, so we got taken care of all the time.Now in LA, it's more about Korean and Thai, but I still love my Chinese food.I flew in to see the parents, and we headed over to Joyful for dinner. The parents have been there a few times, and a friend of theirs is a NY'er who is fanatical about his Chinese food, and he goes once a week. Spoke to the wait staff, from Hong Kong and Macau via Vietnam and then Los Angeles. They have Cantonese and Mandarin style, as well as a few Thai and curry dishes.We ordered egg rolls, vegetable egg rolls, vegetable egg foo young, beef chow mein and chicken moo shu. All were amazingly good, and fresh. That's the key: really, really fresh.The chow mein noodles were homemade, nice and fresh. The beef was a nice quality, and thick pieces.The moo shu, for me, was the best. They hand roll the crepes in the back, coming out in tightly wound roll. The chicken and vegetables were nice and fresh, white meat. And the extra hoison sauce was perfect.And they give you almond cookies and fortune cookies at the end, which isn't really Chinese but who cares. :)All in all, it's a four and half star place. The fifth star, however, is to offset Lauren. Sorry you didn't get utensils, but really the food is much better than 2 stars. And, the hotel should have been able to supply you with fork, knife and spoon ... just tip the bell boy $2 and you would have been set.
1	This review isn't so much about the food as is it is about shady practices and lack of customer service.Being from NYC I'm very biased when it comes to Chinese food. Admittedly Joyful is better than all the other Chinese restaurants I've tried here in the Scottsdale.The shady practices come in when I placed an order to go. Total, $42.40.  Seems there credit card "swipe" machine was broken and had to make an impression by hand. Ok, no problem.Order was filled I signed the receipt for the $42.40. Two days later I go to my bank to withdraw money and check balances. To my surprise Joyful took the liberty of charging me $742.40!!I'll cut to the chase. Joyful denied charging me this amount even as I showed them my bank statement and had them speak to an associate from BoFA. 5 days to clear up by stopping payment, filling out reams of paper work etc. A nightmare that could have been handled easily by Joyful by looking at the facts/checking them and refunding my 700.00. They've lost a customer. Unfortunate because it took me a year to find adequate Chinese here in AZ. The search begins anew.
5	This is my families take out of choice. I have never eaten inside so can't comment on the dining room service but have always had a great experience with the food.
5	Forget the Big Chain Chinese Restaurants; this is by far the BEST Chinese restaurant in the Valley serving Outstanding FRESH food with friendly warm welcoming service. Don't miss this one.
3	I have to say that I miss Eddie Chan's, which was in this location for about 25 years. The food is about the same, but the prices were better. Oh well, economy and all that.I've only had takeout from here. I feel like I'd be dishonoring Eddie Chan's memory by sitting down to eat.A bit better quality than you might expect from a hole-in-the wall joint in a creepy, half-deserted strip mall.
3	We've been here multiple times now, but we stopped going a bit ago. I think we just thought that it was a bit grerasy? But I guess all Chinese can be greasy.Good food and good prices. Would go back if I was craving Chinese.
5	This is our favorite place for Chinese food in the valley!  Everyone in our family loves it here, and that is saying something with 3 picky teenagers!  We come here to eat about once a month and they always remember our order.  One time my son came in with his friends and he couldn't remember what I order for him, and the server had to remind him ~ and she was spot on.We always start off with a large order of wonton soup for my kids and me.  The broth is so delicious and they are very generous with the wontons and pork.  My husband gets a bowl of hot and sour soup and loves how spicy it is.From there, we order fried wontons, Mongolian beef, the Joyful House Chicken, Moo Shu Chicken and Honey Walnut Shrimp.  Everything s always tasty and the portions are very large (we always have leftovers). They are super friendly here and are very good about refilling the hot tea and rice bowl (my kids can't seem to get enough).  I am craving the Moo Shu Chicken right now...We have been coming here for about 3 years and will continue to do so.
4	It is difficult to find good Chinese food in the Tempe/Scottsdale area. With that said, in comparison to the various Chinese places in the Tempe/Scottsdale area, the quality and taste of the food here is pretty good for the price.  It is more expensive than ACE (which I am a fan of because it is decently good food for a really cheap price), but the quality is also better too.  This would be my go to place for Chinese take-out if not for the location. :(
1	Hands down the worst service I have ever received! The server was extremely combative and rude. There was a group of us dinning and we had asked to be put on separate checks which of course didn't happen. We gave cash for two people and cards for the other two. When the server came back she had only on card and cash for only one persons change. When my friend asked for her change the server came back with the wrong amount. When my friend called her back to our table the server very rudely asked "what exactly it was we wanted of her" my friend politely told her she wanted her correct change and that she still owed our other friend his card. She walked away mumbling under she breath something about being too busy for this kind of crap. All the server had to do was apologies nut instead they became combative and rude. I'm sorry but no place should be too busy to provide quality customer service! I would give this place zero stars if I could.
5	I really like this place and try to stop in whenever I'm in the area. Food is always good and so is the service. Had the wor wonton soup for the first time and I loved it! It had chicken shrimp and wontons plus cabbage, zucchini and snap peas in a hearty broth. This is my favorite Chinese place around. I only wish I lived closer to it! I also had the lunch special beef and vegetables but got it with chicken instead. Amazing! Just what I had hoped for! Delicious chicken with mushrooms, bok Chou, snap peas and more in a tasty brown sauce. So good I want to come back for dinner!
5	My family and I come here often when we visit our children in Scottsdale. Our favorite dishes are the BBQ pork fried rice, Mongolian beef, garlic chicken, and their lettuce wraps are better than PF Changs.  The staff is very friendly too.  This is one of our favorites.
4	Very nice neighborhood restaurant. We had the tangerine chicken and the Kong Pau beef; both were flavorful and fresh. Neither was particularly spicy, so if that's your preference you might want to be specific about it when ordering. The vegetable spring rolls were also very well done and the service was attentive and pleasant. A good overall choice for a casual dinner with friends and family.
4	Joyful is a great place to go for some good Chinese food. It's located in a small shopping center along with a dry cleaners, a gas station and a few other mom and pop places. Every time I go to Joyful I always enjoy my meals. I usually go for dinner and get their chow mien dinner special, which comes with chow mien (obviously), egg fried rice, a vegetable egg roll and two tempura shrimp. Their Joyful house chicken is also very delicious. It has just the right amount of batter on it, and is fried to crispy perfection. The Chinese food has never been sub par, and always tastes like its made to order. You can also hear the chefs in the back cooking your meal as the order is given to them, so no worries about freshness. They also serve Thai cuisine. I've had some of their curries, and although they are good, they're not the greatest Thai curries I've had. However, that being said, my rating for Joyful still stays at a four star, because it is a Chinese eatery, not a Thai joint. Probably the only downside to Joyful would be the interior seating, as it is very dated, dark and silent--except for the Asian television that the owners and employees sit down and watch in their down time. The service is alright, as the waitresses (I'm assuming they're all family) don't speak much English and seem to hover over your table as you're holding conversation. It's not terribly bothersome though. If you're looking for a quiet, moderately-priced place to get un-overdramatized Chinese food, joyful is the place to go.
1	This has to be one of the worst restaurants in Scottsdale.  The food is just pitiful.  The service is OK as befitting a small neighborhood restaurant.  We had egg rolls that were so dripping in oil that it was leaking out as you picked them up.  Bright yellow oily drippings. Not cool.  The kung pow was so-so as was the garlic chicken.  The best part of the meal was the almond cookie!  Even the fortune cookie was sub par. I will not be returning!
4	Good food. We have eaten here several times, always takeout. They get a little upset when you ask for lemon, but the food is good.
5	The food here rocks. It's a mom-and-pop shop & they r really-really nice people. The only drawback is that there are no windows on the inside so take out is my favorite thing to do. Portion are healthy, taste is good and price rivals that of a meal at mcdonalds. Totally recommend!!
5	I'm typically not a Chinese food eater, but my fiance loves it.  This place is good overall.  We do takeout, so I can't speak on eating in.  The food is fresh and portions are very good.  My only complaint is that it seems a bit overpriced but it's worth it.  For a picky Chinese eater, I won't go anywhere else.
1	Nothing Joyful about it. Worst I've had in years. The restaurant is in a failing strip mall. No windows, dark and dingy and it smelled of Pine sol.  Staff did not greet us with a smile ( I can't blame them, maybe too depressed). We went at lunchtime and the place was empty - save for one table.  I ordered the Kung Pao as a safe bet. The chicken was hard and rubbery, the sauce was salty - tasted mostly like soy sauce. I thought maybe it was just me, so I took the rest home for my husband. He said it was "inedible". Then I told him where I went and he said "I could have told you that, that place is awful". My friend ordered the Shrimp in Lobster sauce, she said it was ok, but she would never go back. The egg rolls were soggy and greasy and the fried rice was non nondescript. I have no idea why anyone would give this place 5 stars! I know it's been around a while - maybe they are regulars.
4	I live nearby and have been to this restaurant many times.The food - good - always tasty and I can recommend the sweet and sour soup, tofu vegetables, pork and vegetables, beef and broccoli - never had a bad dish here.The service - better to do take-out than dine-in.  They don't have a lot of help so you wait a long time.  This might be a family business.  I'm not sure.  But if you call in your order, they have it ready fast.
3	My daughter and I ordered take out only on a few occasions, each time wishing it would rise to the level of our native San Francisco favorites.  Alas, it did not, and perhaps that is an unfair comparison.  Bottom line, on the 3 times we ordered to go, the orders were incorrect when we arrived home.  The food seems to be fresh, but the preparations are not consistent, nor are they authentic Chinese. Bland and Scottsdalian.  I suppose the great reviews here, may be warranted my Mid-western snow birds who don't know better.  I am not sure great Chinese food exists in Scottsdale.
5	Best Chinese in town!!  I dine in and pick up frequently and have never been let down!  Food is excellent and ownership is great!
4	We've eaten here 3 times now and haven't been disappointed yet. We've tried their Kung Pao Beef, Egg Foo Young and their General Tsos which were all good.
5	Went there after reading the reviews with a hankering for some great Chinese food! I got take out and it took only about 10 minutes! So, Great selection of Asian cuisines including Chinese and Thai. Food is tasty and served right from the wok. The lunch combos were particularly good and an excellent value....highly recommended
5	I was being super lazy tonight and ordered grubhub delivery from joyful dining tonight. I was a little skeptical based on some other previous reviews, but live very close to the location and was interested in trying it anyways. I will tell you I ordered the crap puffs, crispy duck with fried rice and barbecue pork slices... They were cooked perfectly and tasted amazing! I was hesitant on the way I would have received my food, but when it was delivered to my location the duck and crab puffs were still crisp! And everything was still warm! They did an amazing job! Everything tasted fresh and had very good flavors I would honestly recommend this place to anyone and will come back again! This is the longest review I've ever made because I really felt like this please deserves it! :)
