5	I have never been to a chiropractor before I went to see Dr. Strickland. I had the best experience not only with Dr. Strickland, but his staff as well. They were all awesome and I would recommend this clinic to anyone. My neck had been hurting for almost 2 weeks and then my lower back. I left feeling better than when I went in and it keeps getting better. I actually can't wait for my next appointment! Thank you!!
5	Friendly and accommodating. Dr Strickland was able to fit me in the same day since I was suffering from extreme back pain. My pain has been considerably reduced after one visit. He is also very knowledgeable and takes time to explain things to his patients.
5	Dr. Strickland is professional, courteous and a master of his craft. Add to that a finely-tuned sense of humor and your won't find a better, more knowledgeable and skilled chiropractor anywhere west of the Mississippi. Love this doctor!
5	John Strickland is professional, friendly and knows his job well. I have been seeing him a couple months for a car accident. He has walked me through the different steps In my pain and is getting me back to where I was before the accident. He was really concerned about my pain levels when he started adjustments and gave me his personal cell and called me to make sure I was doing ok. He is caring and really wants to make sure his patients are well taken care of. I have a tight work schedule and talked to him about it and he accommodated me quite quickly getting me In and out. He is not like other chiros that will try to milk a ton of money out of his treatment either. He charges fair prices for the venue and will give you a cash price if needed. He gets busy so make sure to call In and get an appointment. I plan on seeing him for maintenance even after done with treatment for my accident.
5	I've been going to Dr Strickland for many years now. He is the most knowledgeable chiropractic in town! He is very nice, professional, reasonably priced, and a great experience overall.When I first started coming years ago he took xrays and immediately found an L5 spondyloltheis. (Might be misspelled) and realized I could not be twist and turned. He's been working on me ever since. I will not go to anyone else.
