5	You remember that ugly sweater (yeeees. It was ugly.) that you had when you were 9? It was blue wool with snow flakes? Well, Preloved found it, and transforms it into fashion. First based in Toronto, the store arrived in Montreal, priding itself of redesigning vintage clothing, to make skirts out of sweaters, and shirts out of corduroy pants. When my friends from abroad ask about where to shop in Montreal, I say :"H&M". Are you crazy? I say Preloved. You'll pay 130$ for an outstanding unique piece, that will make your friends wonder where you've been.Some examples: http://www.preloved.ca/english/gallery.html
4	This is a unique concept that is well executed.Full disclosure: I am a clothing rep and I visit vintage and reuse boutiques as part of my job.Preloved is mostly affordable and has taken their idea full swing. Definitely worth a visit.
5	If Preloved and my boyfriend fell into an ocean, I think I'd have to save Preloved.It's unique, it fits great and its chic. I don't have much scrilla but the key is to wait until their sales.
3	not sure why people love this place. It is unique but not chic, more bohemian or punk i think...if u r into Italian designers, this is not ur place
5	J'adore this boutique!I wandered past it the other morning on my way back from Fairmount Bagels and had to stop when I saw the very cute clothes in the store window. Unfortunately the shop wasn't open, but I was able to read about it in the magazine articles on display in the storefront. Preloved, as you may have guessed, sells clothes that are made from previously worn (and presumably loved) vintage garments. It is the ultimate in green fashion.Today I made a point to go back during open hours, and I fell in love with the entire store. The salesman was very friendly and helpful, explaining what the different lines are recycled from specifically: some dresses from trench coats, skirts from men's suit jackets, etc. Unfortunately, thanks to all the amazing food here in Montreal, I seem to have gained a bit of weight and was a little between sizes, but I still managed to find an adorable skirt, of the suit jacket variety. The clerk (I should have asked his name but didn't--sorry!) let me know that they are expecting a new shipment soon. I'm afraid I will have to return to do a bit more shopping before I fly home!
5	I went back to Preloved today and did some more damage to my credit card. The retail manager, Colin, was incredibly sweet again. I really wish I could import this shop to the Bay Area!
