5	So, it is my honor to give the first review of Shadyside Dentistry. Why, you might ask? Because in general, I despise dentists. Not the people, but the work. With someone who was born with teeth from (expletive here), it tends to be a terrible experience, each and every time I am sitting on the dentist chair. I discovered Shadyside Dentistry through a friend because I needed someone in the city and near work (1 block away, I might add) and I couldn't have been more pleased. Upon my visit, I found out that I had to have a bit of work done because I had not been able to see a dentist for a short while due to insurance. This will never happen again, I promise you. Either way, my hygienist, Ms. Gonzales was the nicest, funniest, and most calming person I've ever met in a dentist's office before. She not only understood my angst for the profession, but actually made me feel relaxed and gave me a simple explanation of how I was going to be fine. If you get the opportunity, ask for her. The dentist? The big man himself is amazing. I had several appointments within a short time frame, and they couldn't have been more of a joy to work with. Dr. Leahy was the nicest man who took his time understanding my needs (and wants) and also was able to work on my teeth in a way that did not frighten me. I may be well into adulthood now, but childhood nightmares still haunt me in those offices. He was caring, never pushy, and I can't believe I'm saying this .. a dentist I enjoy seeing. That may be the first time that's ever come out of my mouth.Long story short ... they're awesome.ps ... they have a dog (now two, I believe) that roams the office. Nothing could be better than that.
5	I had such a great first experience here! Everyone was so nice. I felt like I was laughing the whole time. I also felt like I was in very competent hands. I've had dentists in the past who just kind of cleaned my teeth, took one look inside, and sent me on my way. Not here. They were very thorough, using multiple ways to check my tooth health. But I've also had dentists who were thorough, but pushy in terms of recommending tons of work. Dr. Leahy's office struck a good balance, telling me what to keep an eye on, what to take care of, and what not to worry about. I also have never had a dentist tell me that my hygiene was awesome (I have really be focusing on flossing), and that the cavities were not from anything I was doing, but either that I was just prone to them or that they were from times in the past when I might have not had such great hygiene and were just slow-growing. A guilt-free trip to the dentist - woohoo! (The Christmas-cookie-flavored tooth polish and the free lip balm in my to-go kit were pretty sweet, too.)
5	Just moved here and needed a new dentist. Dr. Leahy, his assistants, and dental crew are amazing(I've only gotten work done by Dr. Larry)! I had a bunch of cavities and fillings that needed to be fixed and redone and two crowns that needed to be replaced. Got everything done here and was going to go back home for the bigger crown replacement because it would have been free if I went back to my usual dentist, but decided to stay and get it done here based on how he did with everything else. Overall, the office is as friendly as a dentist office can be. I also love the fact that there are two dogs they let roam around. Having them around helped me relax during what I felt were stressful procedures. Would definitely recommend coming here! However, they are popular (for good reason) so I would recommend booking ahead of time.
5	I just finished my first visit which was excellent.   Everyone was very friendly and they managed to squeeze me in for a cleaning on the same day I came in for a filling.  Dr. Larry was excellent as were all of the hygienists.  I'll definitely be sticking with the team at Shady Side Dental as long as I live in Pittsburgh.The office is slightly unconventional -but in a good way: there are two friendly dogs who roam around named Tennessee and Sheba, and instead of individual rooms there are three patient bays set up more like cubicles.  It still feels private enough but it's something I've never seen before.All in all, I recommend them highly!
