3	I've used Hangers Cleaners about 3 times so far, and they've done a decent job every time. My clothes were always ready when they said they'd be, and I've never had an issue with the quality of them. The two women I've dealt with here are the sweetest women; they are so nice and accomodating. My only complaint is that they pin tags on the clothing! This puts holes in the clothing and you have to be really careful when removing them. I'm sure this helps their business run smoothly on their end but they need to come up with a different method - my tops are going to all be damaged! Other than that, they do a great job.
1	I have been going to this location (note location) for a few years. about 6+ months ago the ownership changed hands. when I asked where the other lady went I was told vacation- must be nice!  I thought okay no problem I like the location. I immediately noticed some changes like no credit/debit card under certain amounts and a different price for just one shirt vs 2/3.  when I asked when this changed I got "it's always been that way". it insulted my intelligence because it hadn't, but I thought- okay new management some new policies. then the other day I go to pick up my dry cleaning and the new lady/manager? brings over a shirt of mine and REPEATEDLY says, "we no clean, we no touch".  I mean she just kept saying it. it succeeded in pissing me off because as I tried to explain the shirt didn't have a stain when I brought it in but my words were over powered by her parrot-like tactics. I've spent a lot of money going to this dry cleaner and a simple admission of a mistake and offering a credit would have gone a long way to building a relationship. instead, I got a parrot response and a non-verbal GFY.okay, on to a new cleaners.
1	I have gone to this location for 6 years. Service has always been friendly and helpful. After reading a review I understand ownership changed.  The owners son was extremely arrogant without an ounce of customer service.  I showed up with just 2 shirts 5 minutes after closing (3:05).  The door was open and he was sitting there reading a book. I offered to write my name and number and leave the shirts on the counter to be processed Monday. He refused to accept the items. 2 others showed up behind me and he also refused their items too. The mother drove up and said she would take the items and he ran out screaming at his mother to leave and he stated he has plenty of other business and he was more than happy to say "I am happy to lose you as a customer.  Come back Monday if you want your shirts done."  He accomplished his goal of losing me as a customer.
1	I used this cleaners and was fairly happy before I encountered the owners son.  I called to ask for the hours of operation and was provided a time. I arrived shortly before close, a couple out later, and the lights were out in the building. I then saw the owner's son pulling out of the garage so I flagged him down to tell him that it wasn't the closing time and I need my suits (for an event).  He wind down his window and said "we are closed" and drove off.  I went to pick up my clothes 4 days later (a result of the holiday) and he was working. I asked him about closing early and he said that he knew he close early and that I should have called him to let him know that I was running late. The problem is, I was knocking on the cleaners' door before the stated hours of closing. He said it was raining hard so he closed down. I told him that this is not a good business practice and asked when will the owner return. He mentioned that she worked mornings. He then responded, "I am the owner and you can't tell me how to run my business. I run my business the way I want to run it." Oh! He also said "you have your clothes now, so why are you complaining?" By this time, another customer was now in line behind me. He finally said after all of this "I'm sorry, is that what you want?" I had to get out of there because by this time I was fuming. I had not used one profane word or acted unprofessionally with him and he treated me like a peasant. I have several friends that live across the street in The Vue. After talking to them and workers there, I found out similar incidents of early closures where tenants couldn't get clothes before leaving to go on vacation. Actually a friend told me that this cleaners lost his new pants some weeks prior. Needless to say, I will NEVER go here again. And I will research associated cleaners in an attempt to avoid them.  I have never been treated like this in ANY place of business..
