5	Costco provides a much needed service in the valley ...It's kind of like your favorite  shady uncle who you know can always help you out. It's not that you really want to spend that much time with your uncle but  he always knows a few short cuts to help you out . You get a nail in your tire uncle Costco can help you out, you need a birthday cake  that tastes good and less expensive ,uncle Costco has a guy in the back that can help  .  You are  having a party  and you need super tasty frozen stuff   bada bing bada boo, uncle Costco has the stuff.  Now you know uncle Costco can get  you the goods but you don't really want to know how he got Strawberries in October , or Salmon  in the desert or even why Uncle Costco takes everything back so easily.He even got me a huge bag of blackberries from some guys he knows in Chile .  And  the kids always like him  because every time  you go see him you can get tasty cheapo pizza  and frosty yogurts. I am not sure how I came to be  acquainted with Uncle Costco, Mom says she has known him forever   and part of me knows I need to strengthen my boundaries with him .  How long can I turn my eyes from his gas guzzling shenanigans , I guess as long as he can get me me bags of avocados for a song!
4	Don't be ashamed, Deb.  Costco is the shizz nizzle dizzle if I can be so-ten-years-ago.  And there's always a free mini lunch (via samples) when you visit and they do carry many superior products at prices not found lower elsewhere.  Though sometimes their prices are higher than grocery stores on some stuff, do your research and don't fall victim to the impulse buy no matter how agonizingly difficult it is!!!!!!!!!!!!!!LJH)*HFOHOkay, soooo-you can get discount FOX group restaurant cards, prime ribeyes for 8.99/lb (though rare) and the most killer La Brea Artisan bread, not to mention cheeses and Steelhead trout which is the bomb and laundry soap and...okay, I guess you get the point.  Costco ROCKS.
4	My favorite Costco location in the West valley because it doesn't attract as many snowbirds & slow elderly patrons.  The aisles don't get as packed and the lines aren't as long as the Arrowhead location.  Parking isn't bad either, and they have pretty much the same selection as the other locations in the valley.Only downside is that it is a somewhat sketchy area and you may not want to take a nice car to this parking lot.  On the other hand, for snowbirds this area is somewhat confusing with the on/off ramps for both I-17 and the 101, so this keeps them away.
5	O Beloved Costco!Numerous are the reasons for which you deserve praise.A cavernous structure, awesome to behold, to accommodateA bewildering array of merchandise, easy on the pocket.Fresh produce, baked goods, meats, frozen itemsPackaged for assemblages rather than for individuals.Tools, small appliances and other electronicsTo delight even the most jaded gadget enthusiast.Gasoline, optometry, insurance, home loans,And the lowest markup on generic pharmaceuticals.Patient ladies and gentlemen handing out food samples,Tolerating my shameless repeat visits to their stations.Refusing to stock a product like that Cola from AtlantaWhen its manufacturers would not lower its wholesale price.Clothing, home decor, books, music, the list goes onAnd still I am delighted to see new items with each visit.Beloved Costco, progeny of Kirkland, long may you stayA shining beacon in the world of wholesale!
5	Costco, Home of the $5.99 Rotisserie Chicken! YummyCostco, Home of the Free Lunch while shopping! SeriouslyCostco, Home of the How in the hell did we spend $300 on toilet paper, pumpkin pie and Captain Morgan?Costco, Home of the... what They are out... I knew we should have bought that earlier. Damn.
3	Recently I started going to this Costco when the Business Center stopped selling cigarettes for personal consumption and left this as the only Costco in the West valley that sells cigarettes.  I don't like the layout as well as Arrowhead and because it is out of the way for me I quite often end up going here during busy times instead of weekday evenings when things are a bit quieter.  I just stopped by the morning before Thanksgiving and the place looked like a Saturday afternoon 10 minutes after opening.  And the system for cigarettes places a burden on the rest of the customers who do not smoke by making the entire line wait for somebody to go get the cigarettes.  I'll still keep coming to this one when I need to but I will go to Arrowhead for restocking stuff in the pantry, like the Langers OJ which this location did not have when I looked for it.
4	This January trip was a bit daunting and my mom had asked that I pick up a headboard for her from Costco the morning I was leaving. Since I was having breakfast with a girlfriend close by, I decided I would check out this Costco instead of having to brave the one closer to Sun City again. I arrived here close to opening time on a Sunday morning, easily found parking and didn't have to do any navigation through the Sun City crowd. Due to the largeness of the item I had to purchase, my friend met me here after breakfast and helped me lug the headboard onto the cart and waited with it while I brought the car to the front of the store. Luckily, a really nice worker loaded it in with no hassels. This Costco location would have been a life saver for me when I worked in the area some almost 8+ years ago. I don't think they have a gas station but I didn't look down the other end of the parking lot. All I know is that I was able to get what I needed and able to get out in a jiffy.
4	Gotta love the Costco!
5	One of the rare 5-star reviews I'll give because it just doesn't get any better than this.  Forget Disneyland, THIS is my Happiest Place on Earth!I have a (pathetic) habit of visiting Costcos in every city I visit to see what regional goodies they offer.This is my 'home' Costco.  It's a little like Cheers - I know most/all of the employees by name and/or sight, and I'm such a Costco fixture that many of them know me.  And the team here is a helpful one.I know the layout of the store and can easily spot new items as they arrive.  In short, this store is like a comfortable old shoe...that also sells bargain-basement gas! ;-)If I could find one complaint, it's that meat prices have recently risen a lot, but it's still a bargain relative to most meat markets.
4	A week ago, while I was on my way to work, the "low fuel" light on my car turned on. So, I decided to go to Costco to fill up. Got there, filled up, hopped back in my car, and it wouldn't start. It was dead. D.E.A.D. dead. :( The attendant was awesome. He quickly ran over and helped me push by behemoth of an SUV out of the way, so as not to block the pumps. He even asked if I needed to call someone for help. I really admire the caliber of employees Costco hires. The reason I only give 4 stars is that the location is terrible. It's in an awkward location, which prevents easy access.
5	Why write review on another Costco?  Well because this one trumps the rest of them in the Phoenix market when it comes to service.  This Costco has the best service.  Everyone is always friendly and accommodating, including the folks behind the returns desk.  No "roll of the eyes" here when you return something.  Another note on this Costco, is they seem to be more a weekend store, so do your shopping during the weekdays to beat the crowds.  Don't procrastinate when thinking about buying something here that is seasonal. They don't stay in stock very long especially after the weekends.
5	What's not to love. It's Costco!?
3	This Costco location never seems to have the great selection I can find at Beardsley but it's always packed full of people, which itself makes this a less awesome spot!  It's okay in a pinch but I'll stick with Beardsley for now.  Sorry.  It's still Costco so awesome......still has a gas station with the cheapest gas around...............but each location has a different "vibe".
3	To me, it's a standard Costco. Who the heck are they fooling on the receipt checking? EVERYBODY knows they are just going through the motions.
4	This is the Costco where we usually shop.  It is very clean and especially enjoy the fruit.  The hot dog deal is a great deal with a drink for $1.50.  They also have generic Claritin D at 60% less than other pharmacies.  That savings pays for my annual membership many times over.
3	Beware of loose carts by your car, pets in carts and moldy produce.I have to shop here for the Nylabone Nubs I think they have some sort of Dog Crack in them.Each Costco has it's own flavor.
2	...I don't get the Costco phenomenon...not one bit.Admittedly not one with a huge family, but without a doubt the sort who buys and eats in bulk the prices here simply aren't that much better than those at Super Target or Walmart and with their limited hours (24-hr at Walmart) you're almost always guaranteed to hit a crowd.
4	This is my neighborhood Costco and I appreciate that it doesn't seem as crowded as many other locations.  Pharmacy prices are great!
2	It's terrible that Nylabone Nubs (Dog Treats) are only sold at Costco and Costco is currently not selling them in Arizona. I called this store and the Glendale location and both stores say these edible natural dog treats have been deleted from the system. The Nubs are tremendously tasty to dogs and I think they have some kind of dog crack in them because my dogs are hooked. My dogs are very unhappy and told me to give all the Costco's a one star rating but I will give two stars just in case they bring them back.BTW the shoppers here sneak in pets, leave loose carts by your car and this location often has moldy produce.
5	Got gas!  Excuse me!
3	People sneak in their pets to this location (see photo). You might find many loose carts by your car at this location and it often has moldy produce. The super markets in my area are terrible and at least I can trust the meat to be fresh and like saving money on non food items big bottles of booze and some good wine is cheaper than from AJ's but it always taste a little off.Costco plays some sick little game with a natural healthy highly edible Dog Chew Treat that my dogs love called Nubz. They love it so much I think some sort of doggie crack cocaine must be in them because they are hooked. The old guy just waits by the pantry closet for his Nubz Time. Sometimes Costco sells Nubz and it disappears for a while. Nubz are an exclusive to Costco but there is a black market for them as they are for sale on Amazon for $26.99 and also on Sears dot com for an EFFING $52.00 AN EFFING BAG. EFF that. Who knew a wholesome American Name like Sears is involved in Black Marketing Nubz. I think the last time I purchased Nubz from Costco they were something like $12.00 a bag for eighteen treats you can break in half. From March 7th threw the 31st. Costco has them for $4.00 off a bag so you should stock up on them and if you want to get into the black market yourself maybe you can make some money on them reselling them on EBay. I might give it a whirl?As much as this store isn't perfect I prefer this location to the Glendale Store. Since they added the car wash to the Glendale location it is even harder to get a parking spot. The store is smaller with tighter rows and many birds live in the store a poop on food. But the real reason I had to stop shopping at the Glendale location is. My husband got injured more than once by different old geezers on those motorized wheel chairs. This store is close to Sun City and many of the shoppers are elderly and maybe have poor site and don't drive those motorized wheel chairs as carefully as they should. I do admit I like to partake in food samples sometimes but at the Glendale location either an old fart pushes you out of the way or another one runs over your toes with a tire from their wheel chair because that sample is their dinner. I prefer to deal with the North Phoenix Location.
5	It's Costco!  Love coming here for gas, and will be my first stop if the zombie apocalypse comes, =P
4	Love costco for produce, some food items and shampoo, etc.  Can get other items on sale at Target or with coupons cheaper.  Costco serves it purpose and I love it for that.
4	This review is specifically for the optometry area.  The optometrist IS an independently operated office so that is something to note.  My exam was standard and while I was waiting for my pupils to dilate, Dr.  Bush sent me out to pick out frames.  Prices for glasses are very reasonable.  Frame prices range from $40 - $120 so you can really spend as much or as little as you want.  I do not have vision insurance so pricing is very important to me.  I will say that it's not as service oriented as other providers but hey, it's Costco.  You get what you pay for.
5	Costco makes it very easy to eat organic foods at reasonable prices. They sell many staples in our organic diet. We buy our bread, rice, spinach, eggs & juice here.  We absolutely love Soyaki, it makes any meal even more delicious and the price is amazing at Costco!Beware of the pretzel rolls, they are addicting.
4	Excellent strong English cheddar "Coastal" Highly recommend it. Great place for bulk buys of items you use a lot provided you are familiar with prices - Johnsonville brats for example are an excellent price in large packs, just seperate and freeze. Awesome home brand (Kirkland) smoked salmon.
3	This location is closest to my house and I do go there for gas occasionally but I find it is only okay.  The selection and customer service levels of this club are just okay.  It's not bad but it's just not iconic.  It is amazing to me how each Costco really does have it's own vibe.  I mean this club is usually busy but I just don't find the same selection or level of customer service I find at the Beardsley location.It's not bad it's not terrific it just is.  Yea, like that.
2	Costco has many redeeming qualities. Not all but just a few of these redeeming qualities are great big savings on.....Car TiresDry GoodsSome ProduceSometimes Fresh FishHealthy Natural Dog Chews Called Nubz ( A Costco Exclusive ) Offered OccasionallyBig Bottles Of Booze cheapThey also do food demos that some people call lunch.This store SOMETIMES has problems with too much moldy produce (see photos) and too many loose carts in the parking lot. (see photos)  They also occasionally let people in with their pets. (see photos)I somewhat forgive them for most of their faults but need to drop them a star for MESSING WITH MY CHICKEN.I liked the packaged chicken they used to sell but they replaced that better chicken with Foster Farms Chicken. I don't think Foster Farms is bad chicken but it's just OK chicken that I could buy at Fry's. (If I wanted to.) The breast and thighs are much smaller and lighter color meat with less flavor than the other chicken they used to sell for the same price. Meh. I've just experienced better Chicken someplace else.
4	It lost 1 star only because the parking lot can be horrendous at certain times. Also, I wish they had a car wash here like at the other one on Bell. Though the gas station is always busy since it is right next to the freeway. Great service here and always pretty well stocked. It is very conveniently located and I forgot to mention the propane refill here as well... For those RV's.
4	I come here for a lot of shopping from groceries to books, to household items, even gas.  I love Costco and my family does too! You buy things in bulk and they are cheaper because they are in bulk.  And I love that they don't use plastic bags for your groceries and instead they recycle the boxes they used from when the shipments came, so I find that to be Earth friendly and cool.They have on site food, frozen yogurt, and drinks with a place to eat.  The kids love it and I'm such  sucker for their frozen yogurt berry sundae. It's so cheap and so delicious and so is their pizza!!!!The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because every time I go the lines are always insanely long.  Doesn't really seem to matter what time of day you go, they are busy and have long lines that stretch into the aisle which is great for them because it means their business is booming.  But it would be nice if they had a couple of cashiers that could run to help with check out service to get the line crushed down.  And I'm giving it 4 stars and not 5 also because they seem to pick and choose when they want to card you at the door, it's really weird.  I can watch some people walk in ahead of me and not flash their cards at all and I'll be right behind them and I get chased down to check to see if I'm a member.  It's annoying but it's not going to stop me from going there for their yummy food and amazing discounted prices.I'm a fan, yay!
4	The only beef I have about Costco is this; PLEASE add a little fitting room!! I wanted to buy a swimsuit and all women know you have to try 20 on to find one that fits decent. When I asked if I could try it on in the restroom, I was told I had to BUY it first.. Does this make sense? So now I have a "too small" swimsuit that I need to drive all the way back to return..ugh..
2	This is the worst Costco location in the entire valley. Produce is rotten.  Peaches grainy, avocado moldy inside.  Mushy baby cucumbers Very few cashiers open.  Hamburger meat brown on inside, steaks full of fat and gristle. Huge disappointment.  I go to all the others and love their meat and produce, never again here.Obviously, they will take returns but I don't want to drive there every day note do I want to keep this rotten food in my house.
5	I LOVE this place, even though I spend way to much here each week. The Kirkland brand is really good and you just can't beat paying less than 2 bucks for a frozen yogurt!!
1	Don't ever change your Verizon wireless plan at this location they lie about the change then your stuck with their screw up... Also calling the Verizon costumer service does nothing they are just as useless as the rep in this store....
3	This Costco is below par for all the locations I have been to around the valley. There is never enough staff and it takes a long time to check out. I would  say 50 percent if not more of the customers that goto this Costco are very rude and don't move out of the way when they are blocking the isle. I choose to drive an extra 6 miles to goto the one at arrowhead and they also have a car wash at that location.
5	Great customer service and product selection.
2	I really do love Costco in general, but this location in particular is always busy.  It varies from annoying to just a total zoo.  My most recent visit was of the zoo variety, and I'm simply going to avoid this location any time I can.On top of being busy, Costco then chooses to have those food sample people standing around not only taking space, but stopping people who then hang around eating.  Ugh, it made the busy environment totally impassable in places.The experience was so terrible that I ended up leaving with less than half of what I intended to buy.
4	My favorite Costco by far! I'll take this location over the Arrowhead location any day! They may be busy, but they have a great selection of products, always clean and have great customer service!!
