3	A very small chocolate shop/stand located on the bottom floor (casino level) of the Venetian. We were wanting chocolates from Frederic Robert at Wynn but they closed. The only FR chocs you can get are from the Cafe at the Drugstore at Wynn and there isn't a selection, only regular chocs, not the specialty ones they had before.When we got to the Venetian, I looked at the selection here and almost everything had some fruit in it. There wasn't a huge selection of dark chocolates. In fact, the selection was rather mediocre at best. If you like chocolate covered apples, dried fruit covered in chocolate, you'll like this place. If you like a good selection of specialized chocolates, go elsewhere.
1	1 Star for the goods and 3 stars for the services.Ok, so as i am walking towards the lobby to our rooms, there is this little counter that is full of chocalates in cute little shaoes, like masks and dices, but the thing that drew me in was the Caramel apples. They have several different kinds, from oreo cookie to snickerdoodle. They are actually a pretty big sized apple, so my friends and I decided to just get the regular caramel apple with peanuts to split between 4 of us. It looked so good under all the lights and with the cha ching sounds the slot machines were making, it just looked so appetizing. What a disappointment! The caramel and peanuts were so stale! So not worth it. We were all so tempted to return it, but we had already cut it up into bite size pieces. My friends had the dark chocolate dipped orange slices and he actually liked it so muc, he decided to get more. I am only giving it 1 star based on only on their Candied apples. I can not speak about the chocolate. I would possibly come back again for their chocolate only.
4	I have to say, it's difficult to pass by this place, and not catch a glimpse of the chocolate. It's true, they don't have a wide variety of chocolate, but for all of you milk chocolate fans, with coconut. That's the best piece of chocolate I've had in a long time. I asked her, how much it cost, and she said $1.50 for each little piece. I knew, then and there, that I had to try it. It was definitely a drop of heaven, and my mother and grandparents concurred!!
5	I was in the area and had a huge craving for chocolate dipped strawberries. Located on the bottom floor of the Venetia, right next to the Grand Lux Cafe, I was able to fulfill my craving~Josefa, so cute and friendly, was very helpful and gave me exactly what I needed!! The bright smile was a plus!I had 3 of them, dark, milk, and white chocolate. Godiva? They ain't gor nothing on these chocolates! I would recommend all my family and friends to try out this lil shop. Tell Josefa that Joe from LA referred u and u might even get a discount!
3	I came across this small shop walking through the Venetian and decided to stop by for a treat. The lady working was very nice. She takes the time to explain the different candy apples since there  were no signs for them, but if you know me, I was there for only one thing: their red velvet cupcake. I decided to go for the regular sized one for $4.50 rather than the mini ones for $1.95 each. I was uber excited to eat my cupcake but there are no tables/chairs around so I took a seat at a slot machine. I first tasted the frosting. It was too sweet and it did not taste like cream cheese at all. I ended up scraping it all off. The cupcake itself was alright. A bit cold since it came from the fridge. I liked the vanilla filling which I wish they would put on top. Overall, too pricey for what you get.
4	I wanted something sweet after seeing Phantom and eyed cupcakes at GG Santi-Venezia.  They had four mini cupcakes for $7 so I went ahead and chose three (my mom chose the last).  I got the spumoni mini cupcake and a chocolate mini cupcake.  They were pretty good, nice and moist.  I also got a strawberry shortcake mini cupcake but I ended up not eating it.  It looked good though.
4	I love their display. The various chocolates (white, milk, dark) in pretty gift packages are tempting. I asked the associate a bunch of questions while lingering over the counter. She was winsome and helpful. I came very close to buying absolutely everything here. In truth, I walked away with the feeling that I'm glad this place is here. And I look forward to going chocolate-wild here soon.
4	I brought two apples home for the wife and kid and they were nice enough to share with me.  The apples were $10 each.One of them (one of the apples, not my wife or kid) was covered with caramel, then chocolate, and then hazel nuts and macadamia nuts.Some of the reviews said the nuts were stale, but we did not have this problem.  However, the overall consensus was that it just wasn't a good combination.The second apple I bought was really fantastic.  Very fresh apple and good combination of ingredients.  The only problem is, neither the wife or I can remember what it was.  Oh well, if I think of it I'll update this review.
1	It was friends birthday last night and I decide last minute that I would grab him a cupcake from this cute little cupcake stand right outside of my room. Some of the cupcakes had little descriptions and some of them didn't including the one I selected.The sales woman goes to the back counter and packaged a cupcake and from where I'm standing I can't see what she's packaged. She brings it up and it's not the cupcake I wanted so I ask, "are you out of the one with pink frosting dipped in chocolate?" then her demeanor which wasn't great to begin with went from ok to crap - she says, "this isn't the one you wanted? You said with hearts." then I tell her the one I selected had a heart candle in it.. Without boring you too much with specifics, this went on for a minute and at one point  she was YELLING at me because she couldn't  "see" which one I was pointing at and describing in great detail. Finally, after being berated in front of a large-ish crowd - I've had enough! What I should have done was walked away but I was committed to this Birthday cupcake.I stayed calm the entire time and was polite in the way I responded her. I was under the impression that she was there to help me but instead she continued to yell at me. I say to her "excuse me you're being extremely rude!" she then snaps back with, "yes I am right now." - At this point I am floored. All I had wanted was a cupcake. I get the cupcake I want and leave.I won't be returning. Even if the service wasn't horrible the cupcake wasn't great either it was dry and the icing was way too sweet. The cake wasn't even Duncan Hines quality, With service that bad you would think that their product would be delicious. Obviously I would give 0 stars if I could.
1	This evening we went to get a caramel covered apple.  I asked the older lady with the dyed hair at the counter if they "spun" the apples to shake excess caramel off and her demeanor immediately changed.  She said she didn't know what that meant and that they had what they had.  She became very rude and hostile and at one point we said, "Don't you know that the customer is always right?" she said, "I didn't get the memo".... she was unbelievable!  I would strongly suggest anyone seeking any good service to go upstairs to the New York Pretzel shop where they were courteous and even offered to slice the caramel apple for ease of eating.  Also... the apples had thick caramel.  This occurred at 6:00 pm on August 24th, 2013 just in case the manager wants to follow up on this lapse in customer service as I can see that this same person has already been discussed in the reviews below.
1	Negative stars for this place!  The woman behind the counter was unbelievably hostile and gave us an experience in what customer service should never look like!  She lost 3 customers with her attitude.  She answered all of our questions rudely, rolling her eyes and looked as though she hated not only her job, but life itself!  I tried to let her know she was being rude by saying "haven't you ever heard that saying the customer is always right?" she responded "no I must've missed that memo".  She continued to be rude so we left and went upstairs to NY Pretzels which was a much better experience!  Highly suggest them!  I wish I had got her name to warn you all that if you see her to run the other way!
1	I went there tonight to get some cupcakes.  Even though I thoroughly enjoyed the cupcakes, I give this place a one star because of the woman behind the counter.  She was rude and dismissive, and makes me never wanting to go back no matter how much I like the cupcakes.
3	We spotted these cute little cupcakes when walking through The Venetian. We decided to purchase a dozen to share with our small group. (A dozen mini-cupcakes is $19.99). Now, I must be honest. I have high expectations when it involves "gourmet" cupcakes. (Once, I literally drove from Pennsylvania to Boston to visit Cakeology ... which have the best cupcakes, bar none). The woman behind the counter seemed nice but talked so low that she was a tad difficult to understand (very Seinfeld "low-talker"). Maybe a more vibrant person in-front could help? The cupcakes were less than impressive. The cake was too dense. The icing, way too dense. And there was the overwhelming taste of pure sugar ... with no nuance. I closed my eyes and had someone give me a bite of their cupcake ... I knew it was not chocolate, but outside of that, I could not discern the flavor. (And the cupcakes themselves are gorgeous ... and had such delightful names. Too bad.)At about a $1.58 each (and pretty much these are single-bite treats for a man, two for me), these mini-cupcakes do not live up to their visual promise. These are great for a sugar rush, but cannot be possibly considered gourmet.If you are in The Venetian (where this stand is located), visit one of the Bouchon bakeries instead (there are several and on different floors). Get an Oh-Oh ... those are AMAZING!
