4	Nice branch. The inside is clean and the tellers very friendly. I like all options for shopping and eating around it too. The parking isn't as tight at this location as it can be at others. They have drive up banking and a ATM.
1	They will promise you the world to get you to open accounts but will not follow through.  They will thank you for being a preferred customer but laugh when you have a problem and won't do anything to correct their mistakes (closed an account without my permission or consent and without notifying me).  They also only have one ATM at this location, so if it out of service, be prepared to wait in line for a teller or drive to a different branch.
1	Its a bank,  they take your money, invest with it, make money off of it, they take a bail out, and still charge you a monthly fee.
4	Came up here to set up a new account.  And was immediately greeted by Carlos who helped me out and got me set up extremely quick.  Clean good coffee and friendly service I'll be back.  The whole thing took about a half hour
3	Ok this bank is full of nice people who share the secrets of saving & investments. I give it 3 stars total. They are sweet people but I love this bank 4th. Three other banks come before it in my book. It's true everyone can't have first place but I think this bank don't try to come in first. Customer service could be over all better.
5	I'm puzzled by the low rating for this bank. I became a Chase gal when I relocated to Vegas since my bank is South Bend was just a local thing. I needed to pick a bank/credit union and was pleased with Chase's options. I've been really happy with the switch. In fact, I kinda' love it. They have a super easy to navigate app that sends me instant updates on all my purchases. It's really easy to keep track of where my money is going. They have tons of branches across the US and that's super convenient since I travel a lot. I always receive great service and decided to use them for all my banking/financial needs. I come to this branch pretty often to make deposits and get my banking business squared away. It's right in my neighborhood  in an ultra convenient location in the local shopping center (hello.. Babystacks) . The tellers here are super friendly and efficient. The drive thru has multiple lanes to choose from and they rarely have a line for their ATMs. I'm always greeted with a smile and they're always helpful. This adds up to 5 stars from me.
