5	My husband likes his shirts fitted. I'm serious - we have his T-shirts altered for perfect fit. And after they closed the FCUK in San Francisco, I was at a loss, yeah I know there are other places - but my husband has the body of the statue of David and the men's selection here pleases him. The guys helping us was super-friendly - wish I got his name, but his service and the product is quality - will have us stopping in again.
5	Why is it that I only seem to find clothes that fit while on vacation? As many of you who have been following my reviews know, my follies with ill fitting clothing companies are well documented. I don't think my body is all that oddly shaped, but apparently, it is not built for 90% of the stuff available out there.Just recently, I was happy to find one relatively inexpensive brand to suit me perfectly, which is Cotton On (http://digs.by/9T2dRX ). Unfortunately, the only US branches are all located in SoCal, so they are not always readily available.This time around, while in Las Vegas, on a last minute shopping excursion right before our flight back to the Bay, we just happened to pass by this store, more famously known for it's t-shirts sporting the slightly amusing "FCUK" catchphrases. I had no intention of purchasing anything, but the "60% off already marked down items" section really drew my attention.And wow, am I glad I decided to drop on by. Even these "out of season" items were plenty more stylish than most of the loot available at the competitors. The designs are not too wild and impractical ala A/X, nor are they too plain. There was a couple of items that really caught my eye, but alas, as we all know, looks alone mean nothing unless they can pass the final test.*Deep breath* Here we go into the fitting room with one white colored dress shirt and a pair of cargo shorts...Shazam! Both were the absolute perfect fit! If there is any clothing item that is the bane of my existence, it would definitely be a work appropriate fitted dress shirt. Much to my pleasure, FCUK's rendition has the perfect amount of taper, with proper shoulder width, and quite a unique button and pocket scheme to boot. In addition, the design of the cargo shorts are unlike any I have seen before, with a much tighter profile - not flopping around like an octopus - and offset pockets. I was also quite elated that after a weekend of debauchery and pigging out, I was still easily able to fit into my normal size 28 waist. Best of all, both of these articles were had for the bargain basement price of $50 total.So, if any of you out there with a generally slim V-tapered physique has the same dilemma as I do, please go FCUK yourself. I'm glad I did. I wouldn't have it any other way.
5	Darn it. All this time, I was excited to have found a clothing brand that actually had a branch back home in the Bay, until I found out that the local store... has now closed. FCUK... M... L !!! Sigh... if only I could...Well, at least I have an excuse to go back to Las Vegas for yet another weekend of debauchery.
5	One of my favorite places to grab a sexy dress in under 20 minutes! I found a delish birthday dress from here, 2 hours away from going clubbing in Vegas, thanks to Dulce, our wonderful associate who helped us. I tried on around 4 dresses, but loved the last one she showed me, such great customer service. I felt very comfortable, the fitting rooms were spacey and secluded. I can't wait to go back in Vegas to FCUK!!
5	The manager of the store was the person actually helping me and his knowledge of the line and of what the occasion I was shopping for needed (a Vegas show that night) was phenomenal. The dress I ended up with was gorgeous and perfect for the show. Thanks to the wonderful manager that took the time to help a neurotic woman find something special! (obviously this was Phil's wife writing the review:) )
5	This store is very pricey and is not for the budget conscious. But who cares! It's FCUK!!I love the style of the clothing, trendy clothing and some great night club wear. The associates here are very friendly and don't look don't on you like some stores wouldd do. They moved the FCUK towards the front entrance of Miracle Mile because they are still transitioning from Aladdin to Planet Hollywood, the staff weren't to pleased with the move because it would affect business but it's better for me because I don't have to walk to far inside the mall.
5	20% off for all locals. Get on down here, Shaya & Daniel will hook you up!!! First FCUK store I've been in since moving here from the U.K. Awesome service and selection!!!!
