1	Don't rent from here under any circumstances. The leasing manager, Ms Long, is a very racist/homophobic/bigoted woman whom I've had to report to her superiors on multiple occasions for using racial/sexuality slurs against both potential customers, and people like myself who live in owned units. (They're trying to sell the units, and were supposed to stop leasing and have all the leasing tenants out as of September last year, a major selling point to a lot of people, who are now finding out they've been lied to.)The declarant, formerly known as DNO groups, has lied for almost 2 years about having a guarded gate community. The gates are closed now after a lot of complaining, but no guard. Some residents don't have access to the gates, so they've been forced to drive their vehicle into the closed gate and force their way in. The declarants do not wish to pay for anything that would actually benefit the property, such as having the pool and spa fixed, making sure all amenities work as advertised, etc. Leasing tenants often cause problems and damage on the property. It's sad, because Seven Hills/Anthem is supposed to be a much nicer place, and away from the ghetto, but since the leasing staff do not properly screen prospective applicants, the place has gone downhill, and fast. Ms Long does nothing to enforce the CC&R on this property with her tenants, and allows them to run amok causing property damage and disturbing actual owner residents on a regular basis. They rent to by far some of the most ghetto trailer trash I've ever seen in my life.View this property at your own risk. It'll be great once the leasing tenants are off the property and we're rid of the leasing manager and her cronies.Better yet, just stay away. It's not worth the money if you're looking for a nice place to live.----Edit - Kendra, the leasing manager quit, but the new manager Monique is just as bad, if not worse (She was only appointed manager because Kendra quit without giving proper notice)... this place has gotten even worse since I initially wrote the review here. Honestly if I could give negative stars, I would. I thank god I'm in a privately owned unit, because that's the only real redeeming quality of this place. The leasing office canceled the pest control contract without notifying anyone as well, so the property became really roach infested, sadly. The Homeowner's Association here has started up the contract again, but it will take a few months to undo the damage from the leasing office's idiocy.Looking to get out asap. Do not move here, even though the cheap rent may be enticing.
5	I love the Avalon at Seven Hills Community! :D
5	I am absolutely please with living here. If I are kind to them they will bend over backwards for you! My faucet in my sink was too shallow to do dishes and bam two days later I had a brand new faucet paid by them. Dryer wasn't up to par. Boom that day brand new dryer. Allergic to bees. Same day they had an extinguisher.Not to mention my 1 bedroom rent was the absurd cheapest in the 5 mile radius.Quiet too!!!
5	I have lived at Avalon for 4 months and I absolutely love it. If you want to live in a safe neighborhood, have great property management and maintenance, all at an affordable rate this is the place! Angie was our salesperson and she was phenomenal. Allison is the manager and she is great to work with, very nice, and is passionate about her job. Ive had a couple issues with things in my apartment but they were all addressed and fixed with 1 day. Highly recommend these guys!!
5	We moved to Avalon at Seven Hills and have lived here since 2010. We moved from Los Angeles and were amazed by the reasonably priced  Rent here in Henderson  / Las Vegas. It soon became apparent though that the (old) Avalon at Seven Hills  Management was somewhat lacking in the resource department . We lived with it, the manager Rachel was pleasant and  it was not the end of the world. Earlier this year STOUT Management Co became the property Management Co. On the day of the switch from "old management to STOUT, our water heater gave out. Now according to Mike D's review, Avalon used to be the best place to Live , I call BS. had our water heater broke a week before it would have been a nightmare trying to get someone to even come out and assess the situation let alone get them to pay for a new water heater, which i don't blame on the manager but her company, anyhow.... I called up to the office and Heidi  assured me that even though they were in the middle of switching she would send someone ASAP, she did and by end of day we had a new water heater. Since Stout management and site manager Allison arrived no issue has been ignored.. once it has been brought to the managers ( Allison) attention. So I directly Refute the review of 5/31/13  1. I would not have called Avalon under " old management " the best place to live. 2 I don't personally Know Debra Stout or The DM Heidi but I would like to thank them for the 7 times we have called and 7 times their staff resolved the problem, with quality materials not the used sub standard parts we used to get. 3 the place looks great and is well kept, beautiful landscape 4. Allison the Property manager is Professional , courteous and as stated in another review passionate about her job. She cares about the tenants and is respectful to any concerns we have had, Also the maintenance engineer Chris is professional courteous and shows dedication to resolving whatever our issue has been in a expeditious manner. He seems to enjoy his work and take pride in it.  Avalon At Seven Hills is a Safe, Clean, quiet and well managed and maintained community. And it is NOW exactly what we expect from Anthem Adjacent .
5	Great place to call home, I absolutely love living here.  Office Manager Allison and her assistant Angie are truly a good team and always have a smile.  I have had a few minor issues that were resolved within a day.  I couldn't ask for a better place to live.
