4	Surprisingly amazing! I was told not to even try finding good sushi in Montreal, but Mikado is more than decent. I've never been to a Japanese restaurant in North American that didn't give you a dehydrated pile of iceberg lettuce swimming in unappealing orange dressing, but here the salad was actually pretty good -- big tomatoes, fresh lettuce, and a reasonable amount of dressing. The seafood miso soup was full of whole scallops, shrimp, etc, and more than worth the price. The sashimi was quite fresh and the portion sizes weren't too big or too small. The restaurant looks kind of run-down and dirty from the outside (was initially quite disappointed because it honestly looked closed down) , but it's not that bad inside, though it's definitely nothing special.
5	Funny enough, I found some of the best sushi in Montreal in the Latin Quarter. I also walked by the restaurant twice before realizing I was standing right in front of it.The inside is a peaceful ambiance with tables to the right and counter seating to the left.  A busy scene behind the sushi bar will keep you ordering new things by simply pointing, smiling and nodding. Fresh sashimi, beautiful presentation, original rolls and familiar favorites.Fair portion and quality for prices that are a little above average and well worth it.
2	It hurts, physically hurts, to give Mikado just two stars, when on my last visit to Montreal I gave their sister restaurant, usually not nearly as good, many more, but tonight was atrocious. We made the trip to Mikado from Cote St. Luc because we knew that every time we've gone, the food has been superb. Ok, small issues with customer service (when they tried to convince me "usuzukuri" was a type of fish and not the preparation of it), but the food made up for it. We arrived around 6:30, and ordered about 10 minutes later. My father's entree arrived in about 15 minutes, a decent Chicken Katsu. My mother and my appetizers arrived a few minutes later. The first was Hamachi Sashimi that was so fishy-smelling and slimy, after one piece each we returned them to the waiter. He made no comment about it, not even the basic apology we usually expect when one returns inedible food.The green salad was nice, the salmon tartare decent but nothing to write home about. About 50 minutes later, we received one more dish, the salmon/tuna tempura, my ABSOLUTE favourite Mikado roll, and were told our Jazz roll was "coming." This roll is lightly seared and then tempura fried - but when it got to us it was so cold it felt like it had just come out of the fridge, and the tempura was chewy. Again, we returned it unfinished, and this time he tried to convince us that the roll was fine and that we'd just misunderstood the way it was made. Then we sat back to wait. And wait.At 8:25, almost two full hours after arriving, and more than an hour and a half after ordering, we canceled the Jazz roll and asked for the bill. The only reason they got the second star in this review is because without us having to request it, they took the Sashimi, the Jazz Roll and the Salmon/Tuna tempura roll OFF the bill. We still paid $60+ tip for a meal that left most of us hungry, and heading home for a bagel to fill up, though.
5	I travel a lot and Mikado is my favorite sushi place. The sushi are fresh, tasty and the presentation is really nice. The prices are reasonable for sushi. The location is nice, in the heart of the quartier Latin. The decor is simple, but really nice. I like the ambiance. It's close to a subway station.
3	Mikado () is a word used for the Emperor of Japan. This restaurant is located within the core of downtown Montreal. All things considered, the restaurant was good, but not outstanding. The service which was received was pretty good, they filled the water pretty quickly, the people were nice enough, if slightly distant. The food was good, I liked the sushi was ordered, and the tempura that we got was very decent as well. The food seemed fresh, the rolls seemed made well. The decoration seemed fine. There were a lot of things about the restaurant that were good, but not great. I honestly can't say there was anything about the restaurant that would really make me want to go back there specifically, rather than try a different Japanese restaurant in town. At the same time, there is nothing about the restaurant that would make warn people off about the restaurant. It was definitely, A-OK.
2	Sushi was ok at best and plates were not clean. A fly landed in my water...Wait staff was marginal at best, staff was hailed multiple times. Not authentic Japanese foodProceed with caution
5	This place is amazing! I went here on a visit to Montreal with some friends and everything about the evening was lovely. I'm usually somewhat wary of eating Japanese food because I'm celiac and I'm never sure if something will come with trace amounts of soy sauce in it (which usually contains wheat). On top of that my French is limited so I wasn't sure how I'd be able to communicate "no gluten" in an easy way. I started by asking the server about soy sauce being in certain salads and right away he asked "No gluten?" and told me he'd bring me a version of whatever I was looking for that was safe to eat. On top of that he brought me a separate bottle of soy sauce to use for the sushi. I was so impressed. The food was amazing and the next time I'm in Montreal, this will be one of the first places I return to. Thanks Mikado!
4	*3.5 Stars*This street that Mikado is located is hip, jiving, and what a great atmosphere! I loved how most restaurants made use of the sidewalk and put mini patios, but without making the space cramped. My bf mentioned that this used to be a Vietnamese restaurant, but the same owners decided to turn it into Japanese (?). Even though we arrived pretty late, the place was still packed. After we sat down, there were more people coming in. Because we weren't that hungry, my bf and I decided to order a couple of things to share: Agedeshu Tofu, Cod, and several rolls. Over all, the food was good.I loved the service. It was personable, and efficient, yet unhurried. A gentleman (part owner perhaps?) was patient in describing what their most popular dishes were.This is my first Japanese restaurant I tried in Montreal (and I am sure there are a lottttt more), but I wouldn't mind coming back here. It's in a great part of town and the food and service is great.
5	The best sushi I've had in Canada by far and possibly North America. I enjoyed everything I tried. The sashimi was thick and assortment of rolls beyond what you see a the average sushi restaurant. Highly recommended!
4	This is a place I visit during each visit to Montreal. The sushi is solid, the service is spot on and the restaurants'interior and ambience is very charming, it is a pleasure to sit there. We all have been to some sushi restaurants that are quite cold and un-inviting, this place is the opposite. The only reason why I did not give 5 stars here, the shrimp tempura roll was a touch disappointing and thee edamame was saggy (how can you screw up  edamame?). After visiting other sushi places in the area, and spending more, I'd still go back to mikado to give them a chance. Overall a very positive experience. Beware of coming Friday and Saturday nights, this place gets very busy, plan ahead.
1	This is probably the worst sushi I've ever had. We got take out and I was pleasantly surprised by the inside of the restaurant and thought it might be a cute place to eat in. I am new to the city and noticing that this place was a chain (3 locations) I figured it must not be too bad. Man, was I wrong! I couldn't choke down more than three pieces. The rolls were large and stuffed with over-cooked (?) fish in them. They sounded good but were not as appetizing as described on the menu. Each roll came with a 'special sauce' that was just bad mayonnaise with either something spicy or something brown added. It also did not taste very fresh.I will never eat there again. I don't know how they can call that sushi.The only positive thing I can say about it was that the staff was very polite.
2	First night in Montreal with my husband; we wandered down Rue Saint-Denis searching for something light and easy after a long drive. Mikado looked clean and inviting with warm and attentive staff. We were pleasantly surprised by the lobster tempura (yum!), but as one commenter previously alluded to, when even your edamame is off (bland and soggy) you have to wonder. Our rolls...were not fresh. My dragon roll in particular was overpowered by mayonnaise and I could not detect an identifiable taste of eel. It's too bad; our waiter was quite lovely.
4	Fantastic service, huge pieces of sushi, gave us free appetizer when out of sake we ordered.  Great recommendation on replacement sake and sushi was fresh and delicious.
