3	OUT OF BUSINESS...Even less pizza options in the far west valley (west of the Agua Fria River)...so angry.  I always enjoyed Hungry Howie's, and now the closest one is about 13 miles away at 107th Ave & Lower Buckeye.  I will say the last time I was at this location in April, they gave me a hassle for using a birthday coupon that said Tempe on it.  They scolded me saying that I needed to go online and change it to their location, but they will accept it this one time.  Even though, I didn't appreciate how they acted; I still didn't want them to go out of business!
2	This place is right across the street from me and is decently priced.  Last time I ordered there I found a whole entire food service glove inside of my salad.  Extremely Gross,  I did call and they replaced the order at a later date which was to be expected or I wanted my money back.  The manager was nice and apologized but I have serious concerns about their food safety practices or lack there of.  This was definitely the biggest item found in my food to date, certainly surpasses a hair or a bug.
2	Meh. I mean it's not terrible. Prices are ok. Service is ok. Pizza is ok (pretty greasy though). I did like the option of the different flavored crusts. We went with the garlic herb. It was ok. Other options were Cajun, parmesan, jalepeno, and a few others. The decor gives me anxiety. Way to much yellow but I guess that's a HH signature I suppose.Nothing really to write home about.
3	They have been reopened for a year or more.Average food at a cheap price.  Not bad if you are hungry and lazy like i sometimes am.
1	WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE I HAVE EVER RECEIVED FROM A MANAGER (Chris) I placed an online order, received a conformation E Mail that it would be delivered in 30 minutes and after I had to place a call 1hour and 22 minutes later I quickly found out three things... I wasn't ever getting my order, The customer service at this particular facility was horrendous, and the manager of the facility (Chris) or so that is who he claimed to be was unbelievably RUDE and had no customer service skills at all! I asked for the corporate office number, he refused to give it to me stating this was not his fault then started to argue with me. I'm not sure if you realize it or not, but there is plenty of other options out there from a pizza, wing, breadstick perspective and when someone chooses to eat HH, you should feel privileged and do what you can to take care of your customers or you may not have to worry about having customers soon. I run a QSR concept, just a little advice...Customer Service is paramount in this day and time, again when someone chooses to eat with you, IT's A PRIVILEGE and you probably should not take it for granted. I know moving forward, my family, friends, etc. will be much more selective when it comes to our pizza choice.
1	My last visitPlaced a "to go" order 3 small pizzas, 2 with pepperoni and 1 with pepperoni and sausage, all with Asiago flavored crust. I walked in to Hungry Howies to pick up my order and the restaurant was empty.  However, it still took over 5 minutes for an employee to acknowledge I was there and  to get my order. The pizza honestly was one of the worst take-out pizzas I have ever had from Hungry Howies and the order wasn't even correct. I wish I would have looked at my order prior to leaving the store.  I called Hungry Howies to let them know that not only was the pizza not very good but my order wasn't correct.  The associate who answered the phone response was "Sorry bout that, not sure who cooked it.  I guess we can cook another".  After waiting another 20 minutes to cook another pizza I head back up to Hungry Howies and yes, once again my order wasn't correct (wrong flavor crust). Since I wasn't willing to wait another 20 minutes I took the pizza and headed home.My previous experiences with Hungry Howies has always been hit or miss. I think I will drive a little further to one of the many other pizza places in my area.
1	Anti-pasta salad was delivered with out dressing.  If you going to play in the delivery world, it has to be perfect every time.  The appetizers that I ordered my kids were mediocre.
5	Best pizza I've had in a long time! I've never eaten here before so I was not sure on what to get and the staff was more than patient and helpful. Very clean lobby, super helpful manager and delicious food!
