3	Standard grocery store, though they essentially forced you to do self checkout by having only one cashier open at 12pm on a Saturday afternoon. They also charge you for plastic bags.  I didn't use any so this was not a concern for me, but something to be aware of if you go shopping in Montreal.
3	Provigo has no pretentions - its just an average grocery store but I find that it has terrible service, long lines, boring selection... and it's pricey.
2	They have really crappy customer service and forget about the weekly flier, most of the time the items that are on sale are not available or poorly stocked. Wrong pricing is also a  big problem here they place their products under the wrong price labels and there are always surprises at the cash register. They have a poorly managed self-checking system that most of the time does not work and the lines are never-ending, the only good thing about it is that I get my bags for free since I do not ring them up, and since normally there is nobody around to solve any problem with the machines they don't check...just two blocks away there is a Metro with slightly better customer service and real cashiers.
2	As of today I will not be buying any canned soft drinks with the Provigo house brand President's Choice because it is impossible to recycle them, their recycling machine NEVER works!, cans from other brands can be recycled at Metro (their machines always work) but cans from Provigo are accepted only at their stores. How much hypocrisy from Provigo, they charge you 5 cents for a plastic bag for the sake of the environment and at the same time they won' t allow customers to recycle aluminum cans.
2	I got in touch with customer service, and surprisingly they replied although with a lame excuse...anyway.
2	So... I don't live in Montreal but I relied on this grocery store to supply me with some breakfasts, lunches and snacks, while I was visiting from Boston. Not being from the area, I am not sure how well priced the groceries are here, but  most things seemed pretty over-priced (at least compared to similar grocery stores in the Boston area). I was seriously in shock over the price of the M&Ms. Almost $5 for a small bag?! They have their own President's Choice brand, which was more reasonable than name brands and the items that I tried from the President's Choice brand, including the soda and the a variety of baguettes were excellent. The French baguette was particularly good. They also had a good selection of cheese here including many cheeses from Quebec. A goat cheese with figs that I picked up here was particularly good. I do agree with what other yelpers have noted about the customer service. I found that whenever I went here, whether early in the am or later in the evening, there was only one or two cash registers open. The lines were long. One time I ended up walking out of the store without buying the items I intended to because the cashier was just taking so long to resolve some issue with a customer over the phone. I don't understand why she didn't transfer the call to someone at the customer service desk (or do they even have one?) and continue to check out customers that were waiting there in the store. Also, the charge you 5 cents per plastic bag.
2	It's the closest grocery store to my place. It serves its function, I suppose. But it is ALWAYS packed with people and there is always someone in your way every step you take. Apart from the fact that everything is more expensive in Canada than in the United States, I feel that this store is over-priced as it is close and convenient for McGill students like myself. There is only ever one (or two at the most) person working the cash register when there a quite a few more. There are self-checkout machines, but they aren't always reliable and oftentimes, the line for the machines are just as long or longer than the lines for the cash register. Oh, and the fact that you are charged for plastic bags is a huge turnoff. Why you are charged for those in Canada (or wherever) and not in the U.S is beyond me. Best to bring your own bags from home.
3	Hands down my favorite supermarche in Montreal.Beware of crowds. It's not the best place ever just the best place for major chains in Montreal
3	Provigo is your standard grocery store--nothing too exciting here folks but it has all the basics you need. Its close for us McGill students and get really busy on Monday night when there is 10% of your purchase over $50 with a student ID. The President's Choice branded products are good, I have yet to be disappointed from frozen foods (chicken wings and fingers are particularly good) to pasta sauce and ice cream. The prices here are high compared to its suburban counterparts but I find their prices to be lower than nearby Metro. The service is bad. The unionized staff care little for the  cleanliness of the store itself and the cashiers are generally unfriendly and unhelpful. They often have good prices for beer and wine, so stock up when they're on sale. If you are buying a lot of goods, and you don't have a car, they over delivery for $1. The delivery takes a few hours at least, so if you're cupboards are bare you might want to carry home. The reason I shop here is because its the closets thing to a 'superstore' that we have in downtown MTL. They have a full pharmacy--with helpful pharmacists. So its definitely a one-stop shop: drugs, fresh food, alcohol (beer and wine only), and an extensive selection of frozen foods. So come here if you must, its well located for McGill students and cheaper than Metro.
3	A big grocery store with too few registers and long lines. There's only a single express lane and the cashier handles the lottery and recycling counter as well, so you may end up waiting in line there just as long as the others.
2	I am not a big fan of their overpriced organic bananas  but since the location is so central. I still shop here sometimes  in the early morning or late evening before work. 1$ for one single banana ?  I could get a banana for less money  at a gas station. The location is pretty central and they are open early and close late.Free parking for 2 hours with any purchase
3	Typical chain supermarket convenient to where I live. Sometimes very, very busy and only one or two checkouts open so a quick shop can quickly become 20 mins spent in store. Selection is okay and specials tend to disappear fairly quickly but what can you expect when its pretty much an area dominated by broke students. Happy shopping
3	Pretty good supermarket in terms of selection. Otherwise I thought it was a bit overpriced and was disappointed in the apparent freshness and selection of the items in the bakery section. Small wine selection, but the wines in stock included a few decent picks.
3	A-Ok in my book. The shop was very close to my hotel and provided me with everything I needed to make it through the day. The self checkout was quick and the produce I bought was fresh. They charge for bags so don't forget to bring your own.
