5	I love Ikea. Its just goodlooking cheap furniture. Which is excellent for me since I change my mind about stuff so fast, it wont cost me an arm and a leg to decorate that way. I also love their Lingonberry Jam and Swedish meatballs. Oh Ikea you only have one problem. Tempe. Wy must you be in Tempe? Why must it be that everytime I go in you I must see some rotund mormon mother waddling around in her demin jumper gone shapeless dress? Why must you be a day trip? Its okay though... I forgive you Ikea.
5	Ikea is heaven.Everything is amazingly chic and cheap.I don't like that there is only one of these havens in Arizona.I think tucson deserves one.I am going on wed. with John A.We will go for three frames but come out with a lot more.
4	Ikea has a lot of basic cooking supplies at reasonable prices. You won't find superb quality, but when you can get a GIANT cutting board for $20.00 (in REAL wood) , it's still a good buy. If they were around when I went to college, they would have supplied my entire apartment.
5	I know IKEA has been well discussed in the reviews below me, but after a stop there last night I felt compelled to put in my two cents too.  This was my first trip to one of their winter sales.  During their summer sale I bought all of my outdoor furniture (Large dining style table, 4 arm chairs and 2 very large benches - all solid wood) with pads for the chairs for under $250.  Well - I got a lot more too - but we had a PACKED car for less than $400.  While I didn't score any beyond average deals this time - what compelled me to write were three things that haven't been covered yet below: 1) Consistency 2) Food 3) The Ikea zone.Consistency.  I love that we can look at a set, decide what we are going to get, and know that in 3-4 months that set is still going to be available.  Sure - not available with every single line, but it's true with most of their stuff.  Last night we planned our next big purchase.  The only question now is - add on new hardware to customize it, or keep it as is.... love love loving Ikea.Food.  Dinner for two, with desert for under $5.  Each had 2 hot dogs ($0.50/ea), shared a refillable lingonberry juice ($1) and split a cinnamon roll ($1).  We often eat at the nice cafe upstairs where she can explore her love for Swedish meatballs while I may try their dill salmon with red potatoes, seafood salad or one of their other amazing meals.  For the months of Dec and Jan they are doing surf and turf night - Fillet Mignon, lobster tail and baked potato for $11.95 - every Tuesday.  We normally have amazing dinners for $15-20 total w/ drinks, but I think we might splurge a bit for our next trip.The zone.  Before Ikea this area was basically dirt.  Dirt.  There are now about 6 furniture/decor places open next door - including Tres Amigos and some more modern spots.  And there are TONS of "Available" signs lining the roads of what is now just grass and landscaping.  Within a few years there will be lots of major players all vying to get their slice of traffic that IKEA brings to the area.  Who knows what other awesome stores will come join us that aren't even yet in the state?  I'm excited to watch it happen.And for all of you who have to make it a day trip I am truly sorry. It's just about 15 min away from me.  Oh - and though it doesn't effect me I've got 3 words for ya - Free Child Care.  WOW.
5	IKEA is pretty cool.  It's like an adventure in over-stimulation!  So much too look at.  I usually end up leaving with completely random crap... like a spatula, stick of bamboo, hangars and Swedish cookies... all for $4.95.  It is a bit frustrating to find something big that I really do need (a new bookshelf) and I can't even come close to fitting it in my car.  I guess that's when it's time to borrow the parent's SUV and make a return trip.  :/
5	I think IKEA is the coolest store in the world. They've pretty much conquered the globe and managed to bring much-needed style to the far reaches of the planet. Almost everyone can find something that fits their interior design objectives. Selection is incredible, staff is usually always helpful, and their Swedish restaurant and grocery store make the trip all the way out to the middle-of-nowhere worth it.
4	it took me a long time to 'get it' about this place. i still don't think it's the end all of urban design or decor, but at least it's not too shabby looking.i probably went there three or four times loathing the crowds (still do, that won't change) and just picking up 'fun' stuff that grabbed my attention. it wasn't until i stopped having roommates and started actually wanting to invest some of my own money into non-thrift store furniture that i "got it."it's not quality stuff, and it will wear and tear pretty quickly ( i picked up a coffee table/ end table set in a dark faux wood finish and after one move the edges were all worn down to expose the light brown underneath-boo) but that's the beauty, the set was only $35, so who cares? before ikea the only other option for semi-cheap furniture that didn't totally suck around here was target, and they were way overpriced for the quality. i've now noticed that the target pieces have not only begun to look more clean and hip in their designs, but go down in price too, so double-plus-good all around.p.s. i will never get over how weird this is, but i LOVE their swedish meat balls, and their only $1.99. oh, and i hear their $1.99 breakfast is pretty killer, too.
5	One of my best friends in college refused to call Ikea Ikea. Instead, she would only respond if you called it "The Magical Place of Wonderment." I think she was onto something. It is like Costco only with good short-term use furniture and without the need to buy in "years." And the snack bar is just as good, too, if not better. The swedish meatballs are no joke and neither is the breakfast. WORD TO THE WISE: Near the cashiers by the door there is a used and returned section that is a can't miss. Most of the stuff there is broken or missing a piece, but catch it on the right day and you might find a smokin' deal on a piece of furniture or art at a fraction of the original price. Check there before you check out.
1	I'll be charitable - this place sucks!I went there because a friend had *exactly* the piece of furniture I needed and he got his from Ikea.   After wandering around the store forever, I finally found the right department.The people working there were cold. uncaring. not helpful. no concept of customer service.  I left in disgust!Couple of days later, I was in Cost Plus World Market @ 18th St. & Camelback.  Voila!  I fould what I wanted - for close to the same price.  the BIG difference:  Warm smiles, friendly people, volunteered to go out of their way to help me.  Felt like I was among long-time friends!  They even delivered when they said they would.And, no need to drive half way to tucson and back!Ikea?  Don't be foolish.  Cost Plus?  Now, there's a place that earned my repeat business!
2	Call me crazy, but I do not understand the appeal of Ikea. I think there are several reasons for that.  Perhaps it's because I like to buy furniture that...A) Lasts more than a few months.B) Dare I say - is ALREADY ASSEMBLED! C) Makes me look like I'm not in college anymore.D) Doesn't have weird names like Jorfdung and Engelgoop.Granted, I get the concept of getting what you pay for, and the inconvenience of assembling your own furniture for the pleasure of lower prices.  Not that I am above shopping at Ikea, because I love me some cheap lamps, plates and wine glasses like the rest of them.  I mean, a wine glass for 75 cents that my drunk-ass friends are going to break anyways?  Not bad.I just think there are better products out there.  I mean, is it really worth it to buy an ugly $25 particle board bookcase that's going to completely fall apart in 6 months, AND assemble it on top of that? I have bought more attractive, higher-quality items at Target for just a little bit more.  And besides, who really wants to deal with the clusterf*ck labyrinth, and screaming kid (more like banshee) headache that is Ikea, anyways?
4	I added the category of the cafeteria (which by the way isn't a choice under restaurants.  Neither is Scandinavian - German was closest due to the meatballs in my opinion.)  This review is solely on the cafeteria which I believe should be separated from the furniture reviews.  (The cafeteria is different from the food stand on the main level where Kristin C. discussed hot dogs, cinnamon rolls, ice cream, and drinks.  I'm referring to the cafeteria up stairs.)Why?  Well, after having lived in Finland for a few years this is one of my favorite places to eat.  The prices are very reasonable and the food is authentic.  I love their Swedish meatballs.  I highly recommend the cafeteria for lunch or dinner.  I haven't tried their breakfast.
4	I went to IKEA for the first time a year ago when I was getting ready to move into a new apartment. It was way out there! As we arrived I couldn't help but feel we arrived at a amusement park or something. The huge Ikea flags high in the air, and the signs everywhere telling you where to go and where to park. I was under the impression this was just a furniture store!As we entered the humongous building I saw I was way wrong in what I was expecting from Ikea. It is not a store..it is an experience! In fact nothing about Ikea is relate-able to most furniture stores. As I went upstairs passing the play area where you can drop little junior off with Ikea babysitters I entered the area of fake rooms over and over and over again. These rooms chicly display what Ikea has to offer, and if you ever find your way out of them you will find where you can actually pick up the stuff you want. All and all I was pleased with my Ikea experience. I ate a delicious lunch in their restaurant upstairs, found a bunch of apartment necessities for about a dollar, and got great ideas for decorating. However the masses of people, getting lost several times, and being overwhelmed with sooo much to buy is a little much.Next time I will go on a weekday during the day and hopefully it won't be so crazy!UPDATE:Went to Ikea yesterday. Getting a new apartment in Tempe needed lots of fun stuff. Found a table and chair set for $79.00 yea sweet price, but I'm not looking forward to putting that together. Also found a couch in the AS IS section for 75.00! Add in the slip cover from Target and I got a couch for only a little over a hundred! WOOHOO! We also got necessities for the bathroom and linens for my bedroom for super cheap. Not as fun the second time a round though!
4	$2.00 BREAKFAST- WOOT! Eggs, bacon, potatoes, crepes and lingonberry jam and a diet soda. Here's what you do, on a super hot day, you get to Ikea for breakfast, stroll for a while in 70 degree climate controled warehouse and test every chair in the store. That should take about 3 hours, go get lunch$5.00 LUNCH- Double WOOT. Swedish meatballs, lingonberry cheesecake and another diet soda.Sneak into one of the bedroom displays, take a little siesta, creep out some customers and call it a day.
4	If you can master mazes Ikea has some good deals on kitchenware, furniture and compact items you could but may not want to live without.  I go to Ikea for the only Abba salmon pate & crab pate, Swedish gooseberry and clouldberry jams and Siljans rye crispbread (rectangles, wedges and rounds) in the entire state of AZ.  This is primarily because Ikea can only be found in Tempe and you won't find  these items all together at any one location if any location except for a Sons of Norway meeting which may have cloudberry jam from Sweden no less.  Today was no exception but my only complaint is Ikea never seems to have anyone at the market checkout stand.  One has to wait in line at the food court with a handful of food stuff while others are ordering soft drinks.  Doesn't make a lot of sense to me but as long as you are in Ikea you might as well go to the restaurant and order some Swedish meatballs and a shrimp sandwich.  One could note Ikea doesn't serve ludafisk which seems prejudical to me. Oh well, we have the oil.
3	I like Ikea for many things and they carry many items difficult to find elsewhere like duvets and duvet covers.    The furniture typically has to be assembled which is easy after you do one of an item.  The first time through is invariably frustrating.The thing I do not like is the crowds.  One can get claustrophobic on the weekends and god forbid you have to go upstream against the flow!  The help they have at the end when you have to find stuff is very hit or miss.
5	Ever since my first IKEA experience about 12 years or so ago I've been addicted. From the inexpensive little accessories (clip frames, pizza cutters, cat toys...) to the fabulous furniture (much of it comes in some form of mix-n-match) to the ability to stuff it all into my little hatchback!I understand that in Europe, IKEA is the Wal-Mart of furniture stores. But the furniture I've purchased at IKEA has endured much longer and much better than anything I've ever bought at Wal-Mart. We bought a couch there about three years ago. We bought a new cover once simply because our cats can be very rough on upholstery. However, the couch itself is still in great shape and just as comfortable as the day we bought it.As to the complaints of the furniture coming un-assembled, it's not just about price, it's about convenience too. When we lived in NM and made a special trip out to AZ just to go to IKEA, it was nice to not have to rent a U-Haul just to get everything back. We bought an entire living room once and took it back to NM in the back of a Ford Explorer. Sure, we had to use a little elbow grease to put everything together, but, you know what, we felt good at the end of it when we finally slumped down in our new couch, we had a sense of accomplishment and we'd done something together other than mindlessly watch tv. Assembly is half the fun!
4	Simply put - IKEA kiks major boody :) From its sub-dollar trinkets, to few dollar foods to multi hundred dollars leathers. My hose is full of their stuff and i am still coming back. You ask me - But why? Well, i say - Its probably best bang for then buck! It is NOT the best, it is NOT the cheapest. But together it is probably best ratio. I told my friend we got this leather couch from IKEA and he was - Cool but it will not last 25 years as my couch from XXXX. I was like - Dude, i do NOT want it to last 25 years and sit on the same couch all those years. Go! Go now! Eat a meatball! Drink Lingenberry drink! Buy a cheapo knife! Find matching set of chairs! Enjoy people watching! Have fun!"I like"Eugene
3	I have to say, I'm not impressed with their furniture. It's cheap shit that looks like it was designed by an Iron Curtain bureaucracy, and even a lot of the floor models have obvious quality flaws like wobbly legs and cabinet doors that won't quite line up. Sorry, you have poor taste if you like it.That said, this place is really good for getting batteries, light bulbs, kitchen glassware, and picture frames on the cheap. It is the cheapest place to find alkaline batteries or CFL light bulbs anywhere (go ahead, click that Useful button). Also, the cafeteria serves some yummy meatballs.
4	You can read about the furniture, food and design in other reviews.  I won't bore you with that.  What I am here to tell you about is how much fun you can have if you go here early (or late on a weeknight) when it is not busy and take a camera.My family (alright mostly my kids & I) get a kick out of hiding price tags in the demo areas and snapping lots of pictures as if it was our house.I uploaded a few.
4	I like IKEA for many reasons. I won't list them because fellow Yelper's have already done so. I must warn you though, don't travel here on a weekend. It is PACKED. Like, you can't push your cart anywhere and you have to walk a mile through the parking lot to get into the place. And also, stay away from their self-checkout stands. I had a huge issue with them a few months ago where I was double-charged and IKEA was extremely fussy and difficult in returning my money.
2	IKEA can suck my LEKSVIK.Every time I go to IKEA, I'm reminded why I hate it so much - and yet I keep returning. Just entering the store is like going on Mr. Toad's Wild Ride - once you enter, you can't leave until you've taken the entire tour through the maze of shitty Swedish furniture. They provide you with cheap shitty food, a place to crap or puke it out, and strategically placed seating so you can rest. They black out the windows so you have no sense of time as well. It's evil genius. I think it's absurd that people actually eat here - like they just accept that they are being held prisoner by an evil Swedish furniture factory. The cheap food is too cheap - it's gut-rot inducing and it pains me just to think about it. Hot Dogs and Meat Balls? Are you serious? You don't even know what kind of mystery meat it is - much less if it's even real meat... and you happily pay a buck like you're really sticking it to the man with your bargain meal. Gag me.Just like at Disneyland, people bring their fucking ugly kids here and allow them to run around free screaming like wild animals. Parents use their strollers as battering rams to make way through the crowd. Nobody in there has ever showered in their life. I sometimes suspect that everyone there is a paid extra - nobody is ever buying anything.There are two ways to shop here: 1. Arrive having researched and read the catalog and have a specific list of things to buy. 2. Wander around aimlessly for 3 hours, pick up something that you kinda need and carry it around with you for another 3 hours, give up the moment you have the exit door in sight and leave your single pathetic item on a pallet of flat-pack deck chairs and bypass the checkout lines so you can taste freedom at last.IKEA furniture is cheap, but expensive. It looks nice from far away, but up close you can see that it's junk. Run your hand along any of their wood counter surfaces and you'll feel the warping. Have a look at any corner on any dresser and you'll see the finish peeling away. It's good for utility furniture or to fill out a guest bedroom or storage room or kids room, but unless you're a college kid - this furniture is garbage. To top it off, it's overpriced. The only things worth buying here are lightbulbs and batteries (which honestly aren't that great) because they are cheap. Even their flatware is crap - it rusts... yes, it rusts. You're better off going to Tuesday Morning or Ross or even Target and picking up something nicer. Don't be fooled by the contemporary modern urban stylings - IKEA is overpriced crappy junk. It's not cheap because they flat pack and pass the savings on to you - it's cheap because it's junk. I have some IKEA dressers and I use them as DVD storage - they work fine, but I don't expect them to last forever. Their couches are all uncomfortable, their chairs are even worse. The beds are barely one step up from sleeping on the floor. Their kitchen and bathroom cabinets are awful - you'll be sorry if you remodel your rooms with this stuff. I like the look of IKEA - honestly, I do. I think it's a good concept and they have some really good style ideas. Nothing they sell is really well-made and assembly is required... considering what it is, it's overpriced. That said - you can find some decent stuff here. Inexpensive poorly-crafted furniture has its applications.
4	I LOVE IKEAI really don't understand how or why some people just hate this place, but for me it's the only nice way to interiorly design on the cheap.
5	I love IKEA so much!!!! I was so excited when the store opened up, I was there THAT day!Go hungry: there's a restaurant!  The salads are really good and of course you have to have the Swedish meatballs!I love carrying around that big, yellow IKEA bag.  Only thing is, I fill it up and it's so heavy I have to go get a cart.  And the little pencil!  Everything is labeled just right for me and my OCD!  Aisle, bin.  You can find everything you wanted.Check out the "As is" section.  Some of the stuff is only discontinued.  I got the coolest picture in that section.OK, the furniture is not always made of wood, but particle board and veneer.  That's not something you don't know before you go, though.  Some of the stuff IS genuine wood, though.  I bought a chopping block for my kitchen.I LOVE HAVING TO PUT STUFF TOGETHER!  I feel, as a single girl, that I've accomplished something.
5	Looks like it is IKEA love/hate day on Yelp. Sounds like a great way to spend leap year day along with wearing whipped cream top hats, having sex on ladders, and putting my pigs in hammocks (a little inside joke for those who watched Conan last night).Put me in the love category for IKEA. A ton of my furnishings and decorations have come from there without falling apart or making my home look like the set of the Real World. I do think their couches are over-rated and that their desks are usually awkward or over-priced, but you can't beat them when it comes to outfitting a bedroom, shelving, home essentials, and random crap to give your place some character on the cheap. Although I would stay away from the absolute cheapest stuff there, because it definitely won't stand the test of time and drunken fits of joy.  Although technically that T.V. stand I just destroyed was actually a coffee table and not meant to bear the weight of a 400 pound television. It might still be in my condo's dumpster if anyone's looking for some scrap cherry quarter inch wood.
5	I love IKEA!!  I love their designs and the price.  But I love the way they put an entire room together for you and you can see exactly how much it is going to cost.  When I got separated and moved out, one stop shopping.  I literally got everything for a new house at IKEA.
4	Ikea is an event in furniture and home decor shopping.  I've tried to "pop in for a couple of things" but it never works.  I end up lookin' around for way too long...First, I wander around on the top floor looking at all the ways I could improve my kitchen.  Then I meander through the living room and office furniture before realizing I'm kinda hungry for one of their shrimp salad sammies.  I almost always try something else in addition to my little shrimp thing while promising myself to come early next time and have their $1.99 breakfast.After I nibble a bit, I remember that i really stopped in for energy saver light bulbs.  Ikea has a huge selection of CFLs, so I wander downstairs toward the lighting department.  The problem is, I have to go through the kitchenware department.  They always have some kind of cheap kitchen tools or entertaining stuff.  Last time, I bought a $5 whistling teapot and $.50 cooking spatula, fork and spoon sets.  then I wander through the window treatments vowing to actually measure my windows before my next Ikea visit.  I never rememberI get my CFLs and a few other things, then make my way to the dent and ding shop.  I've gotten some great things in the dent and ding shop.  Don't miss it.  Then I grab a few pot holders, paper goods  and fancy ice cube trays  on my way to the checkout.There are even things to distract you AFTER you check out.... like Scandinavian packaged food.  I grab an ice cold diet soda on my way out the door.... I look at my watch and notice that my half hour errand took 3 hours.
3	Love - HateI have a hard time reconciling my emotions when it comes to IKEA. It seems to me all the products they carry that I really love are priced just as high as any other modern high-quality furniture  store like Bova (Tempe) or Copenhagen. I understand this is a college kids wet dream, but for quality furnishings I think you can do better with the same amount of money elsewhere.Most times I have visited I start to get stressed about halfway through the "maze" and really start to freak out; only to be consoled by 50-cent hotdogs...BEWARE: Any store powerful enough to have a public road named after it.
3	A total zoo! Confusing layout and you cannot use a cart in most parts of the store because the store is on like three levels. I don't like the checkout stations - there isn't a lot of room to put your things; don't they know they sell FURNITURE?  I don't like that you have to pay for your plastic bags. I get it that they're conserving but it's just kind of annoying. The cafeteria is ok, but no one cleans it regularly -- it's up to customers to clean their areas when they leave, and who has time to wipe down tables and chairs and sweep food off the floor after they're done eating and just want to get back to shopping?? One thing my husband and I do love, however, is the soft serve ice cream downstairs by the registers! Yay!!!! We have to get one every time we go. The hot dogs are tasty also.
1	This place just sucks! You know a room is complete without something from Ikea.. be it a unique lamp or cheap book shelf.. well that's how I used to feel. Now..The layout of the store doesn't make any sense at all.. each time Ive been they've moved more stuff around making it even worse. However the store isn't nearly as bad as its customers! Now I might be a little disoriented when I'm at Ikea but come on.. some of these people are just completely lost and in the way. Also, if you're going to have kids, please put them in a leash or something.. I hate it when irresponsible parents let their kids just run a muck all over the place. There is a place downstairs to house the children while the parents shop.. they need to make the sign larger or something cause my last visit there were kids for days and always in the way. Fuck, I'm ranting.. need to take some deep cleansing breaths!
5	I love me some IKEA. A friend of mine once told me that IKEA is gay Mecca which makes me feel that they have spot on decorating (nothing wrong with positive stereotypes right?) Affordable and stylish and frankly a corporation that as far as I can tell really cares. They like to keep it green and whatnot.Yes some of the things are not the sturdiest or anything that you will pass on to future generations of style savvy kids, but it is priced accordingly and not misrepresented. The best part about the store is that everything is set up in actual decorated rooms so you can get ideas of how to use items and even if you don't like a peticular piece they have you can rip off the decorating ideas.And the food. Lord do I love me some Lingonberries...swedish meatballs swimmin in gravy dipped in some lingonberries and  you have a happy Nathan S. If it were not so far I would grocery shop here. The swedish know how to eat and sell the yummy little viddles downstairs to take home. Also swedish coffee rocks.
5	So we were in Phoenix for the day and had a lot of plans. Thanks to all the places I've read up on here, I thought we'd have a full day of activities and lots of places to go to. I had plans to pop into IKEA for a little while and we ended up spending the bulk of our time there. Here's the scenario . . . 1. we have a house that we've lived in for a few months2. we have about a million plans for the house3. we don't have a lot of left-over money to do it withIKEA for us is a life saver. True, you won't buy any sort of heirloom furniture here. If you're looking for that, definitely go elsewhere. But if you want to have a stylishly decorated place, IKEA is a must. Even if you don't buy anything, you get a lot of ideas. I was practically drooling over all their organization choices.If you have them, bring the kids. There is a play area where you can check them into, but I have to tell you that my kiddies had a blast playing in the second floor. They were pretending that each "room" was theirs and having make-believe dinners, meetings and parties. I also love that the restaurant charges less on account that people have to clear their own table. I'd like that to be the case everywhere else. I'd happily clear my (and everyone else's) table at other restaurants for a lower price. $.99 kids plate, $.50 coffee? Sign me up! Overall, I LOVED it. My husband said he felt like sheeple for a while there, but I don't care. I'll take inexpensive, simple and stylish anytime. I also like the whole idea of paying for the plastic bags. I'm writing to the candidates convinced this should be some sort of law.Yesterday . . . my son: Can we go back to IKEA today?me: uh, no.my son: but I need tome: you NEED to? why? my son: I want you to make meatballs but we don't have any flags for themme: oh. uh, some other day, ok?my son: ok, but we need them ok, that's what makes meatballs taste good. me: (laughing) ok
4	IKEA is like a real-life Highlights Magazine.  Bring to recollection the hidden pictures, where there was a tricycle veiled in the branches of a tree or in this case the perfect end table masked by all of that ambient furniture strewn about like the open end of a freshly packed U-haul, using your parsing abilities to determine that those lime green furnishings match all of your college furniture exactly.Then we have our Goofus and Gallant twads traipsing around the place causing the do-gooders headaches by snatching cheap wares because they saw it first, or bouncing on the couches to see if it meets the durability quotients of their friends who might, someday, crash on it.  The Timbertoes would love all of that cheap, pressed wood; no threat to their family, Spot and Splinter includedAs the magazine itself crows, IKEA is "fun with a purpose".  This is a cheap, but decadent playground for adults seeking some faux-shag accessories and duvets and pizza cutters for 50c.  I can't say that I don't participate willingly.  Occasionally you find a gem that, as The Dude would adjudicate, 'really ties the room together.'Glad its here in Phoenix.
3	IKEA is fun to walk through, but for me that is the extent of it. My personal style does not include the sterile college dorm look. But it is fun to see what odd little things they have in the bins. Now that I think of it, I did by some cable lighting for my garage there a few years ago.
3	It KeepsEvery homeAccessorizedYes. IKEA. We know the drill on this one people. But did you know they serve free coffee before 10 a.m.? That arguing over throw pillows and color scheme with the bf isn't really about throw pillows and color scheme? And Sweden spelled backwards is Nedews? I have no IKEA what it means, I just thought it was fun. Tips: Have a plan. Act as though your cart is a car that just rammed into Tiffany's and you need to grab as much as you can and get the hell out. Eat some of them there Swedish meatballs. Just like the Stoufer's ones only you don't risk burning your hand on hot steam as you remove the plastic film. Play count the gay couples...the winner gets pushed down the glassware aisle in an office chair. Better Tip: Have two cocktails before you go.Last Tip: Have a couple more when you get home.
4	Ok, so if IKEA was a man, I would marry it.  Its probably one of my favorite stores to go shop at.I admit, I love organizing.  I love putting stuff in cute little containers, neatly on shelves, and am probably the most over organized person at home you will ever meet.  So, walking into Ikea is like a dream to me.Obviously, the store is HUGE.  laid out in sections, with all kinds of designs to give you MORE ideas on how to decorate your house.  When you enter, they do have store maps, so that way you dont have to wander around if your looking for a specific section, like couches, or bedroom stuff.Upstairs there is a lovely resturant.  It opens early, and they serve breakfast!  Tasty food.  I have eaten here for breakfast before, and they have a regular breakfast and a supreme breakfast. I just get the regular, and its pretty filling.  The coffee is tasty!  Also, if you dont want a breakfast meal, I believe that they have fruit cups, cinnamon rolls, and other side items to eat as well.  If you go there, definately have a plan.  If you just want to wander around, thats fine too, but I think its easy to get lost.
5	Love the store. Its fun going through different departments and getting ideas for your own home. We have tons of stuff from IKEA and it does NOT feel like a college dorm room. I don't know what the last person is talking about. They actually have pretty cool things. I don't think I have ever found a label on IKEA stuff that says it is Made in China. It is always another exotic country. Its cool.Anyways, the best part about IKEA might be a little surprising to you but we love it and it is the Fat Free Yogurt they serve for $1 and also their Pepsi Cola. You can only buy these to go from the deli counter in front of the check out lines. The Pepsi tastes sooooo different than the regular stuff you get at fast food joints. I think the formula is swedish. It is yummy. Got more zing to it. Ikea also has a restaurant upstairs that serves some pretty amazing penne pasta with marinara sauce. It is filling and cheap.
4	I have to go IKEA? - shit....Let me break it down for you. I love IKEA, I think they have a lot of great items, and are priced nicely. I also dig Scandinavian style, and profess a minimalist attitude towards all things.  So I get it, IKEA is cool for the most part, and I have a lot of stuff from this mega-store. What I don't like about IKEA is their physical store setup. I hate being forced into the "showroom" I don't want to walk Odin's path, or travel the way of the great Vikings Consumers of the past. I just want a curtain rod, and a curtain. THAT IS IT.  After fighting my way through the hordes of people and peasants alike, I fought my way through to the "marketplace" checklist out....(written in blood on a dried deer skin.)1. curtain rod.2. curtain rod attachments for the wall3. oh.... don't forget the curtainAs I make my way past screaming kids, couples arguing over a Faux-Painting, and through the warehouse full of prefabricated, assemble required, plan about 4 hours on a Saturday to complete, furniture.I go to self checkout...Yes I am Free!! (1.5 hours later)I did it!!!!!  I have my curtain I need. I will "install" this now as "hang" sounds gay. So I  install my curtain I realize, "wow this helps to reduce the sun's infiltration into my soul, and think my other room would benefit from a curtain as well.  This means (insert Darth Vader March music here) another trip to IKEA....This time however, I have a plan. I will go through the checkout area, through the warehouse, and totally bypass the showroom. Fuck IKEA, I am not a lemming easily led through a retail smorgasbord. Even if they had aquavit and salmon gravlax waiting for me, I'd still go through the Swedish "backdoor" I make my way in and repeat  the above 3 steps and I am out in 20 minutes. I have to say this must be some sort of world record. All in all, you can defeat IKEA, you just need to be sneaky and quick, you have to focus, and avoid any contact with people once in the store. Upon arriving home, I go to "install" this other curtain, and to really man-ify the situation, and to de-gay the whole weekend experience of shopping for "window trimmings" I put the Redsox   game on, (they won in 13 innings) and make it as "tough" of experience as installing a curtain can be. Not that there is anything wrong with that....
4	I came to this IKEA a few times while in Arizona for 9 months of last year.  It is a newer, very nice location.  Two of my favorite things here?  1) Those bags of little colored clips that you use to re-close chips bags and cereal bags and bread bags--they work so much better than the twist ties and little square things that those come with and are cost effective since they are reusable.  I swear by them!2) I love to eat at the cafeteria upstairs. See my review.
5	I love IKEA. I have no idea how they can continue to offer some of the best quality furnishings in such a wide variety at such incredible prices! Half of our house is furnished in IKEA (which my Finnish/Swedish Sister In Law has informed me is pronounced ee-KAY-ah but you won't catch me calling it that!) and every time I need a new piece of furniture, I look there first. They have such a huge quantity of just STUFF - but useful stuff- that I always feel like I forget to blink lest I miss some especially cool little gadget while I am blinking. I find myself trying to think of uses for the nifty little doodads that I find there just so that I can justify bringing them home! They do have quite a bit of more modern or contemporary (think minimalist) furniture that I think may be more typical of Swedish style homes, but I find it pretty hideous personally. Fortunately they have such a variety and such a quantity of furniture that I usually find something else that I really like and is more my taste. They have an amazing kids section with tons of very inexpensive stuffed animals that are quite durable as well as cute. Very unique kids furniture and toys as well.The one downside to the store (which has been well documented) is the insane layout which requires walking through the entire store to get to the checkout. And usually getting lost somewhere in between, which I'm guessing is their whole strategy! The longer you are in there, the more things that you see, the more you will want to buy. It reminds me of going to the zoo and trying to find the elusive monkey house. So if you are in a huge hurry and want to get in and out in a few minutes, forget it. If you have an hour or two to kill, wander around and enjoy! Oh, the other great thing that I don't remember them offering in the past is that they now give you a 3% voucher if you use your debit card! So if you purchase $100 (easy to do) then you get $3 to go towards your next debit card purchase. It doesn't sound like much, but it is more than any other store that I know of will give you and if you buy several pieces of furniture, you very well might get enough to buy yourself a new stool or at least a couple of stuffed animals for the kids. :)
4	Ingvar Kamprad Elmtaryd Agunaryd is what IKEA stands for, in case anyone wanted to know.So people are saying you can't return assembled furniture? Well...um...you knew what it looked like, why did you buy it if so? Their As-Is section is OVERFLOWING with stuff that people damaged or just brought back and it never seems to empty, a stark difference to my hometown IKEA in Seattle, which never was able to keep anything really good in As-Is.Could be a culture thing. I bet more employees bought stuff at the Seattle one.Wow, what a pointless review. You're all welcome.
4	Am I supposed to hate Ikea? Because I don't. I freakin LOVE it. I'm a NY'er at heart. So I miss diverse crowds of people who don't speak English crammed into loud places fighting and stabbing each other in the face for bargains. Like Century 21. (New Yorkers will know I am NOT talking about the real estate company when I say Century 21)Anyway, what I'm trying to say is: Even though I get lost every single time I go here, and I can't escape without dropping $1,000 for bags of random stuff like Ikopnhappen and Rokkerslappen EVERY TIME I GO HERE - just to window shop  - I still LOVE me some Ikea.I scored an awesome double decker couch that converts into BUNK BEDS and champagne glasses for $4. Holla!Take away one star because the shit they sell requires assembly and the ridiculous photos on the instructions don't help. But who cares? That's what my new hot pool boy/handyman/crash test dummy is for.Also, the Swedish meatballs and ice cream rock socks. Yeah, I've eaten at Ikea. We all know I will eat anywhere.
5	Seriously, Ikea has everything you need when it comes to getting the necessities for a new home, college student or kids room. Yeah, its not always the best quality stuff but the selection is amazing. The place is a giant maze but its to the point where we know our way around now.  I'm sick of the snoody losers bashing this place for the quality. If you don't know this place is like most stores where there are tiers of quality, you are retarded. Its like any other store, the real cheap stuff is cheap and the more expensive stuff is better quality. We have had our 2 leather couches for 2 years and they are sturdy as a rock and wouldn't trade them for anything. Our office desk  and our credenza are awesome as well. If you are looking for quality you have to pay for it, even at Ikea. I love this place. Not to mention the food!
4	I'm a fan.  I must admit it because my favorite accessories are def. IKEA.  And I get compliments on them.  And I really like that.Now, if their employees (namely the bi***y girl at the cashout) were as nice as the nick-nacks, they would have 5 stars.
4	I love to hate this place, simple as that... I love it since it gives me more ideas for my feable brain. But then hate it because I spend WAY too much money on the things I "didn't" come for!! Some people like the set-up they have but sometimes I get lost and need a machete to get my way out.
5	Cleaning out the pantry only means one thing . . . a trip to IKEA! Oh, I drool over all their organization section. I dream of a tidy pantry with everything in its own container, stacked and labeled. I bought containers for cereal, flour, sugar, brown sugar, spaghetti, pasta (not long like spaghetti) and rice. Yes, my pantry looks amazing for not a lot of money. Thanks, IKEA.
3	IKEA frightens and confuses me. Admittedly, that's not very hard to do, but IKEA does thorough job, nevertheless.This was my second visit to IKEA. My first was about 1 1/2 years ago, on a "warm" July Saturday afternoon. There were 26,814 people in IKEA (officially announced attendance) "beating the heat" and clamoring over 99 cent hot dogs. The aroma was overpowering and sheer number people must have overtaxed the AC/ventilation system because the whole place smelled like stale hot dogs and urine (much like a Manhattan street corner in late August). Oh the humanity...esp. the small, speedy, uncontrolled part of humanity that I generally go out of my way to avoid...children. Does everybody who goes to IKEA need to take all 7 of their children...or do they purposely take them there to try to lose them (apparently none of these waifs had anything remotely resembling a parental unit or guardian in attendance...I think they were told that IKEA was a giant playground and to go wild until they were thrown out at closing...if the parents were still in the parking lot, great! If not, well, there's always CPS). The Beautiful Carin and I where just trying to buy a $24 table lamp...it was not worth the effort!Fast forward to this morning. My lovely Daughter Whitney has recently moved to Scottsdale (the non-douche-baggy part...near were I live:). She wanted some additional things for her new apartment (new bedroom set, wine rack, etc...BTW, when did my sweet little girl become so knowledgeable about and accomplished in use of alcoholic beverages?).She had her heart set on IKEA (I know, I tried to talk her into real furniture...something not made out particle board and paper mache'), so off we went. The good news is that while it's easy to get lost trying to find your way around IKEA (seriously, is there really any rhyme or reason to how this place is set up? I didn't think so), there was a whole lot less of the vast unwashed humanity that greeted me on our last visit. Apparently, the IKEA experience is for the young, because Whit knew what she wanted, got hold of a sales rep (while I was trying to figure why so many aisles dead ended into a fake wall), and got the whole transaction taken care of (I have to agree, she spent almost nothing compared to real furniture, and you never, know...this stuff may survive the first or second water spill without folding up completely...I'm hopeful).Once you buy this crap, you have to go to a completely different spot to pick it up, and that's whole 'nother adventure. In our case we had to go to 2 different loading "areas" to get the truck loaded up, but, at least they have everything and you don't have to wait to get it home. You do have wait to use the furniture. "Some assembly required". I didn't actually have to manufacture the particle board or produce pigments for the paint, so that was a plus. Everything else is on the table with IKEA. And those picture instructions? You know what Sven? I can read and understand the printed word (in English and couple of other languages). Keep the comic books...fine...but give me something in writing...I can handle it.But, it's all built...correctly, it looks just the way Whit wanted it to, and my little girl is happy, hence the 3 stars! Don't say I didn't warn you.
3	Went into IKEA today after work to get a few items to organize the kitchen, and lets face it, they have some of the best and cheapest stuff for that.  Bypassed the upstairs showroom and went straight to the cookware area.  Products:  We quickly found items that would suit our needs, and the prices were awesome.  Wide selection of shapes, styles and colors.  Love that everything is out where you can pick it up, feel it, open it - really test drive even a $2.00 jar.  Store:  HATE the layout.  It's a maze going through there, and when you do like we did, go backwards, it gets confusing.  Love that they have floor and demo versions of everything.  Staff:  This is the real reason for only 3 stars.  I had seen something online, and could not find it in the area I was looking in.  Found two employees.  Had to wait while they finished their conversation about what days they wanted to take off and what they would do with said vacation days.  When they finally deigned to talk to me, the attitude was unbelievable.  "The item you are looking for is UPSTAIRS in the kitchen area. You are shopping in the COOKWARE department."  Well Eff you very much too! Overall it was good, but there is a reason I pre-plan these trips!
4	Ever been to IKEA on a Sunday afternoon? Don't. You'll want to shoot yourself before trying that again. But the mega-mall atmosphere aside (one more thing: the parking lot is a free-for-all. People fly around through these rows acting like they own the place. The Swedish called, speeders: you ain't getting this discount Euro Modern screw-together goodness!) this is a pretty nice spot. Sure, it's like 70 million square feet and the bookcases are named Billy, but come on, you can find some good quality stuff here for great prices. Roche Boibos it ain't. But that's why you come here -- it's affordable, it looks decent and it comes in a nifty box you can put in back of your minivan. And did I mention the breakfast for less than $2? The eggs are kind of rubbery and I'm pretty sure the bacon isn't really bacon, but somehow it tastes damn good. Get there early and skip the dreaded lunch rush for those salty meatballs.
2	I am so torn with this review. I used to really like Ikea, I have never had any problems with products, everything is usually exactly as advertised and they have good sales if you are there on the right day. Most associates on the show floor are very friendly and knowledgable about their areas, which helps a lot when you don't know exactly what you are looking for. However, on Memorial Day, I had one of my worst retail experiences EVER at Ikea. I am just settling back into a new condo in Phoenix, and am going to be slowly furnishing my place, and I assumed I would do so mainly with the help of thrift stores, estate sales, and Ikea. Now I'm not so sure.I got to the check-out area with my new bed at about 8:55 pm, the end of what I'm sure was a long day for us all. I was buying my bed on a smoking deal- hugely discounted with the purchase of a new mattress. This sale was advertised both in the showroom downtstairs as well as up in bedding. I went to wait in line at a cashier because I figured it was probably something manual they had to do themselves. However, while in line a man with a brown ponytail directed me to self checkout. I told him that I was buying something on sale and asked if it would make a difference and I was told no. They asked me how I was paying, I said part cash part debit. Okay.SO I then rang up all my items, and the sale did not come up like I anticipated. I asked the self-checkout attendant what I should do and she stared at me blankly, like I was speaking a foreign language."Um. Do you have the coupon?"Uhh.. what coupon? I have talked to upwards of 5 employees about my bed and this is the first I hear of the coupon.By this time it's closing time 9pm."You have to have a coupon. You have to go get it."From bedding? It's on the opposite side of the store, upstairs. Can someone bring it to me- no one told me about a coupon."Ma'am. Listen. I understand but I already talked to my manager about this earlier you have to go get the coupon yourself."Now it's my turn to stare blankly. It is obvious to both parties that it was not my fault the coupon was not given to me while I was in bedding- however, I was very rudely being ordered that if I wanted the sale I'd have to go get the coupon myself.I just stood incredulously during this time- another cashier named Linda came up and told the girl to just call and have someone bring it down, she had done so several times earlier and it was no problem."Yeah, um. I don't think they would want to do that."What? I found this to be a very bizarre response in front of a customer. The girl ( I think her name was Randi) made a big sigh and show of calling bedding and apparently there was no answer."They didn't answer. You have to go get it yourself."So.. there's no one answering.. why should I think there would be anyone to give me a coupon?Meanwhile ponytail man Todd- Randi's manager- comes by and says he can't help me, they need the coupon and that it says that on EVERY SIGN and the associates who helped me should have known that.Tired of waiting around I go to get the damn coupon that was unheard of until this time, but first I decide to go look at the sign on the ground floor and shocker- NOWHERE on the sign does it say anything about a coupon- and I double checked. I am walking back towards the escalator when crapbag Todd stops me and says they can try to make an exception without the coupon. I keep walking back towards the self-checkout area and tell him what I found- that there is no mention of a stinking coupon. "Really?? They must have changed the signs!"These words actually came out of his mouth. Yeah. I'm sure they did.He goes and inspects them himself and takes the next 10 minutes tripping over himself apologizing for the whole issue. Whatever. I just want to buy my bed and leave.9:20pmNow it's time to pay."Um. Can't you put it all on your debit?"Oh my god. I said from the very beginning I was paying part cash."We closed all the tills you can't pay cash. Can't you just see if it will go through on your card? You can deposit the cash before you overdraft."Did you really just ask me that? Where am I?They look at my friend. "Can't you split it with her? She'll pay you in cash." What is going on here?Linda- apparently the only clear thinking cashier at this place, steps in and tells everyone to calm down she hasn't closed her till yet. She rings me up- meanwhile Todd the toad is standing there apologizing over and over, pushing my cart, asking if there is anything he can do to help. Jerk.We take my stuff to the furniture pick up area, where they too are friendly and helpful, so this seems to be a very cashier specific problem with Ikea. One that needs to be taken care of ASAP, because I want to want to go back, and even now a week later, the whole ordeal is bizarre.It only takes one bad experience to turn me off from a business. And then I not only tell ten friends, but I Yelp about it.
1	I am a fan of Ikea for the most part and this review is less about the merchandise and more about the complete lack of service coupled with a massive amount of attitude. Tacky. I went with a good friend of mine to Ikea over Memorial Day weekend in hopes of getting a really great deal on a bed for her new apartment. A seemingly simple task one might think. Well, unbeknownst to us there was an elusive coupon needed at check out in order to purchase the bed/mattress combo. There was no signage posted and the sales associate upstairs (whose name escapes me) did not give us one. So, here we are, the store is closing and the sales girl, Randi,with an unbelievably abhorrent countenance, demands that we retrieve a coupon from upstairs and proceeds to laugh at my friend with a pompous smirk on her face. However, in the sales girl's supposed infinite knowledge and wisdom, she failed to realize that the store was closing, therefore THERE WAS NO ONE UPSTAIRS to give us this said coupon. Hoping there wasn't a storewide pandemic of awful dispositions, we looked to Randi's manager Todd for help. WRONG. The next gentleman (if you could call him that) was equally rude and condescending, claiming that "there are signs posted everywhere telling you that you need a coupon...and maybe I can help you if I get the time." We checked, and captain awful hair was, indeed, incorrect in his proclamation regarding the alleged "signs." At this point my friend is nearly in tears with frustration as we wanted to get out of there as much as they did. Then, captain early 90's pony tail looks and realizes his mistake. There is no flipping signage. He tried to apologize and be more accomodating by apathetically stating that "oh they must have changed the signs."  We bypass the ridiculous coupon catastrophy only to be met with a flood of more aggravation.  My friend would like to pay with both card and cash. Apparently this is a near impossible task for the elite group of people that make up the Ikea employee squad.  At this point the quote un quote manager asks if I can put part of the total on my card as the tills have already been closed. Are you kidding me? This is so exceedingly tacky that I just stare at the poor girl blankly. Open up a register. There was a silver lining, however. Linda, who was the only in there with a brain, was walking by with a cash tray and rung us up. So we managed to pay the total and get out. Meanwhile, I have lost 45 minutes of my life that I can never get back because I have squandered it on completely unhelpful human beings. I just hope not all Ikeas are staffed with incompetent sales people full of attitude and self entitlement. We were not asking them to solve world hunger or the aids epedemic, we were simply after a little bit of compassion and professionalism.
5	I'd never been to IKEA without my kiddies. I now have to say that I just realized that I don't like my kids.  : P   Yes, I'm kidding. It was just soooo different without them. I didn't have to stop every two minutes and wait for them to be done playing house in each of the displays. This time around,  I went for "a long desk" and more organization goodies. I have a loft with a pretty long wall, hence the long desk. I wanted it to be able to fit two people. I'd seen some elsewhere but for exceedingly high prices. Well, I found one here. . . . . for less than $100. Now let me tell you about the legs. We were trying to choose the perfect legs for our desk for quite a while. They all seemed so short. 27 and 1/2 inches to be exact. We were measuring with chairs, pretending to sit down and whatnot. Now, I'd gone equipped with all the measurements I wanted, or that I thought I needed, I just never thought to measure how high my desk was. As it turns out, this is the standard size. Hmm, who would have thought. Once the desk part is on, it doesn't look so low. I thought I'd let you know and save you the embarrassment of having to tell an IKEA worker that all the desks there seemed like they were for little people (which I may or may not have done). I also left there with several more "organization thingies" Think more containers for the pantry and things for mail. Yay! I am happy. Everything has a place and everything in its place.
5	5 stars cause this place has stuff for guys to do (cafeteria) and places to sit while our wives shop!! Trust me in this store - the women folk can get lost for HOURS and good luck finding them!I guess the furniture is cool too (very cheap - in an in-expensive sort of way). I want the closets they have.  Time for a closet makeover I guess.We went looking for bunk beds and I think we found the one we are going to get!
5	OMG! this place is heaven for women and everyone who wants the place they live to be awesome and do it on a poor mans budget. I buy almost everything here and love to take newbies there and watch their mouths hit the floor. Between the size of the store, the low prices to that heavenly smell of cinnamon rolls baking ALL DAY,  you can't lose.
3	I have been to IKEA more times in the past two years than ANY human being should have to be subjected to. I have furnished two apartments and two offices, no thanks to IKEA. Well, mostly.My biggest beef with IKEA is that everything is ALMOST perfect. There is always something a little off for me. Sure, I always come out of there with stuff, but I am never completely satisfied. I don't hate it, I don't love it. IKEA is just .... A-OK.
5	This place is huge, I wouldn't want to be there if a natural disaster struck - no one would be able to find an exit! I went yesterday to get hardware for my bed (which they give you for free!) and I used the bathroom...has anyone used their bathrooms lately? They have the COOLEST hand dryers!! I washed my hands twice...just so I could dry them again...Yes, I know: weird. But you have to try out the Ikea bathrooms if you are in the neighborhood! These are by far the best hand dryers I have ever used! Kudos to Ikea for their innovation and inspiring (yet cheap) furniture! Oh and their free hardware. :)
3	I'm not sure I can say much about Ikea that hasn't already been said in the reviews before me.... but, I'm gonna try. Ikea is great, based on how cheep & modern it's stuff is. Plus, the store is huge so there's a great selection. Downside is that Ikea's stuff is cheep. The "wood" furniture chips easily and it all has to be self-assembled (not a big deal if you're a pro like me. haha). The Sweedish meatballs are amazing, and the buffalo chicken wrap is one of the spiciest things I've tried in a long time. Whew! The diet coke wasn't washing away an ounce of the heat on my tongue. Checking out generally is quick- lots of self service kiosks and employees there to help. Happy shopping!
5	My very first memories of Ikea are not very happy ones.  When I was just a lad, my mother and father used to drag me and my brother 5 hours from New York to Pennsylvania just to go to Ikea.  We would sit in the car and then have to walk around this place for what seemed like an eternity.  I was digging in my pockets for some coins to pay the ferry man along the river Styx just to end my suffering.  My brother and I would find a living room setting and try to make the fake TVs work or try to find a couch to sleep on.  Then at the end my parents may or may not buy something and we would get Swedish Meatballs, which I didn't care for.  Altogether a hellish trip.Fast forward 23 years.  Now I am an adult and can actually appreciate the finer things in life, like Ikea.  I love this place!  My bed, night stands, entertainment center, dresser, and my Poang chair.  All Ikea.  Yeah you have to put it together yourself.  Big f'n deal!  For a 1 like me, that means you get to follow instructions.  My favorite.  Plus it keeps the cost of the furniture down.I will admit that the place is huge, but you have to go in with a game plan and know what you are looking for.  If not, prepare to be there for a minimum of 3 hours.  The food they offer now is great and cheap.  Yes, they still have the Swedish Meatballs and yes, I still loathe them.  The parking lot is big and there is always a spot.  Even if it is in East Jesus you can pull it up front to load up.Avoid this place mid-day on the weekends or just before the beginning of fall semester at any college.  Been to the College Park, Maryland location at that time.  It was like my childhood all over again.
3	I'm not too much of a fan of flimsy Swedish furniture...but I really do love the excitement laced with a trip to IKEA. The huge shopping carts, the dual floor marketplace, topped off with the industrial feel you get...as if you're shopping directly from the warehouse. That's what IKEA does best; It makes you feel good. However, be warned.GET HERE EARLY. Or you WILL be waiting for a cart forever and it will take 8 years to buy anything at the cafeteria. Oh, and good luck putting it all together! That's the best part....
4	I like their kitchen supplies downstairs and the toddler and I come here for meatballs and if we can swing it, we drag my husband here for breakfast on the weekends.  I know.  It sounds really weird to have breakfast at Ikea, and it's far from glamorous, but for $1.99 you get a plate of the fluffiest, creamiest scrambled eggs ever (I wish I knew how they did it - and I know how to make damn good eggs), french toast sticks, bacon and hash browns.  The toddler and I each get one and I eat his eggs and he eats my french toast sticks.  The husband eats all of our bacon.  A match made in heaven.  It's pretty damn near hang over food.  If you see us here one morning, you know what we were doing last night.  Who knew Ikea would be a hangover helper?
4	It's hard to beat the whole IKEA atmosphere and shopping experience. I still get a whiff of excitement when I step into the showroom -- less so than when I first set foot in the new store, but it's still there. Maybe it's the heady aroma of particle board, golf pencils, meatballs, and screaming kids waiting in line for Smland... not sure?The upstairs showroom is really the best part of IKEA. They change it up enough that it's interesting on repeat visits. If I ever get crammed into a 300 sq ft living enclosure in Prague, I'll be all set as far as decorating ideas. The restaurant is still cool. Shame people can't seem to get on board with the whole "clear your own table" thing, because there are always messes around when I go there. Where else can you get lingonberry soda though, really. One lingers in the showroom because you know that somewhere in the distant future you have to get to the downstairs part where you actually buy stuff and lift hundreds of pounds of flat, wide boxes into your cart and eventually your vehicle. They design the boxes this way so you can fit them in your Peugot or MINI, despite the fact that most Americans have more cargo space than your average Boeing 747. Frankly, I'd rather the boxes be shaped like dumbbells or body bags so at least I can lift something I've had practice with.Oh, IKEA. Here is where you lose a star. The self check-out is absolutely revolutionary but it cannot dominate the commerce area. You have one full-service checkout for the absolutely soulless but everything else is self. I love it personally, because I can get out of there without the faffing and inane chatter that goes along with interacting with a clerk. But the masses simply cannot or will not bring their A-game when it comes to the scanners and payment devices. It requires a delicate symphony of grabbing merch, getting those lasers lined up right, bagging, paying. Lasers! People cannot merge onto I-10 correctly, let alone cope with lasers.At least create Expert, Intermediate, Beginner, and Hopeless lanes so we can self-identify and get out of Dodge.
4	This isn't my favorite Ikea but it is pretty decent.  The giant parking lot is obscene and makes me mad almost every time I drive by it.  What a waste of space and one more heat island in the valley.  Inside they start you off by going upstairs and making you walk through all of the design areas with the little rooms.  Decent layout, it flows well, and looks like all of the others.  The cafe is in the middle right by the escalators.  The really annoying thing about this Ikea is that they have so many self-serve stations but they are always closed.  I just don't get how it is bad for them to have electronic checkout stations open.  The last time we were there, the lanes were 3 or 4 people deep and there were only 4 lanes open; three of which were self-serve.  It is frustrating when there is someone at a checkout who can't manage to do it themselves and the attendant just watches them instead of helping.The selection at this one isn't as good as the San Diego store.  If you fancy a drive, check that one out.
3	Oh, Ikea. I have such a love hate relationship with you. Ikea is crazy, tiring, and crowded. I always say that I hope I don't have to go back when I leave, and usually need some sort of de-stressing after. As many of us know, a lot of the items at Ikea are cheap in price and quality. But, Ikea really is perfect for all types of people. I think everyone can find their niche at Ikea. I've already noted what I don't like, so here are the things that keep me coming back to Ikea: - Select pieces of furniture. I have desks, bookshelves, and a dresser from Ikea. They are cute and I like them. But, I like to mix them in with quality pieces. - Organization. Great cheap accessories to keep things organized. - Plants. I have a bunch of great cacti and pots from Ikea.
5	I love IKEA!  I love that you get decent quality items for a low cost.  I love that you can park your butt in the cafe and have a decent or sometimes really good meal for a little money.  I love the furniture and textiles offered.  I love the organizational items.  Heck, I just love every moment that I am there.
4	Good experience, expensive but nicebought a full bedroom set for 1200
3	Go there if you have lots of energy and time. Don't expect much from the food area on the bottom floor past the checkouts. Not nice folk working there. Everyone else is nice though, and helpful.
5	I adore Ikea-just adore it! Its for the people like me who like the idea of dreaming and see these rooms all put together and you imagine it in your home and yet for thousands less compared to other places!How can you do wrong? Seriously you put everything together with an Allen wrench! I am surprised when people don't like Ikea-I would gladly take an ikea makeover.  I have so much fun browsing but you do have to browse.  It's fun and you never know what you'll find.Yesterday I found $5 wok seriously how can you go wrong with a $5 wok! Time to make some stir fry's.I love looking at all the furniture and bed set and pillows etc.This place is amazing and I enjoy it so much.Their website is great and I love doing the room on the website check out that by the way!We had a great time there! Can't wait to take my fiance back with a tape measure!!
5	Oh my gosh I have died and gone to heaven. Why I hadn't been in to an Ikea before today is beyond me. My eyes literally popped out of my head. Pretty colors and even prettier prices. I got wine glasses, a couple frames, hangers, plates, and dish towels and spent $20. I also bought their famous Swedish meatballs, cinnamon rolls, and these marshmallow chocolate thingies. I definitely will be coming here next time I move into a new apartment. If you haven't shimmied into an Ikea yet you are definitely missing out. It's amazing.
4	I love everything here. Just don't go on Sundays (it's a madhouse)!! There's not much else to say about IKEA, other than this: thanks for 90% of my condo furnishings. Although I have a warranty on my couch, it looks like total dog poop after only a year and a half of ownership. And my desk fell apart after only 6 months. However, their tables have held up remarkably well. BUT what else can you ask for? IKEA makes cheap, disposable furniture. MOST of which you can put together yourself. If you want real sturdy lifetime furniture, go somewhere else. I think everyone knows what they're getting into when they come here. It's my favorite still though - I buy tons of other stuff there too, plates, glasses, cooking utensils, drapery, etc. Plus, what other furniture place can you get MEATBALLS!?!?
3	They removed the pet department! Bummer The wavy mirrors only come in a 2 pack instead of three. Frozen yogurt is awesome!
4	I heart Ikea. Nothing like getting some furniture and stopping for some Swedish meatballs while your there.  I love wandering around for ideas too.
4	Finally, I have visited an IKEA - my niece can rest peacefully now!  It was all I expected and then some.  Wear comfortable shoes and be prepared to walk!  A good thing is that have a cafeteria with excellent Swedish meatballs so you can replenish yourself after what can be hours of shopping.  What more can you want.?This place has a little bit of everything in home furnishing and at reasonable prices.  I just wish they would put one in Denver now!
5	Back in the day, I had to go to San Diego to shop at IKEA, and I am such an IKEA nerd, when they first got to Tempe, I was there at the first day when they opened for families and friends of employees only.This IKEA is exceptional in nearly every way. I'll try not to bore you with the standard stuff you know, instead I will share a recent experience.In an effort to step up my home aesthetics, two months ago I purchased some under counter lights, but I realized I got the wrong kind. Two days ago, I brought the item back to IKEA, but totally forgot the packaging or receipt. Jeremy at the return counter politely informed me that I needed to know what day I purchased it, so they can process the return.As you might imagine, I was on the phone with my bank for about ten minutes, waiting on hold for them to search for the day, when Jeremy approached me and told me he had found the date, and wanted me to check. Sure enough, he went back THREE months, and was able to find my purchase. He promptly cranked out my store credit and even wrote down the correct item number, so I could be sure not to repeat my mistake. His outstanding level of customer service, was really refreshing and kind. He didn't have to go above and beyond and search for the info, especially when I was dumb and didn't bring any of the items which would have made this easy.Thanks Jeremy, and IKEA- you guys are rock stars!Cheers.
4	I enjoy shopping here.  Things to look at, things to touch, things to eat, things to try, and things I am not sure what it is for.  Nice that the prices remain low.  Yes, I had to buy a blue bag but you know what?  I love the blue bag.  So many uses!!!  Love that it is easy to exchange and/or return.
4	First time here. I was not scared with all the people outside and parking lot full. Overall there is a ton of good stuff here. There were lots of things for a $1 that were better deals than Wal-Mart or the Dollar Stores. Lots of stuff as seen on HGTV. This could be  a one stop shop for many. Great cheap stuff for kids rooms, and cool items for the kiddies. Too bad that putting together all the items is a drawback. The cafeteria looked good...next time I will try the food.
4	I loves me an IKEA trip, I'm not really into their furniture anymore, but as far as their wall shelves and some decor, the price can't be beat, all of our glasses and dishes are from IKEA and I have no urge to update them.  I love checking out the Ikeahackers website to see what creative things people are doing with their products.
3	This place is a mad house. I'm not much of a fan and really don't see the appeal to tons of cheap furniture. I keep trying to give this place a chance hoping that I'll find something worth the trip, but I never do. I think the most I've spent on a trip here was $20 for a vase, pillow covers, pillows, and a desk tray that were not worth the craziness. Oh, well.
3	Through the years, I've heard of Ikea but had never been into one of their stores until recently.  Hubby, daughter, and I met there one recent Thursday night, and I was favorably impressed in some areas, and not-so-impressed in others.First, we had dinner in the cafeteria, and while the prices are OK, the food is only filling.  I had to ask for the greens to be replenished on the salad bar, and it was only 6:00 p.m.  We made our trek through the store, following the arrows from department to department.  I am a real sucker for kitchen stuff, and truly did spend a lot of money on items from there--just small stuff that I normally wouldn't care about getting, but which caught my eye.  A wall hanger/organizer for a small vacuum cleaner now resides in my front closet--but it would never do for a full-sized vacuum cleaner hose, and there's no place for the various attachments.  I bought a wall hanger for my iron and that works very well.  Various other small things filled up our basket, and I was able to add to the 365+ dinnerware that daughter had given us.  The self-check-out was only okay.  A couple of times we had to have assistance.  Hubby and I are furniture builders; we built furniture pieces out of solid wood and up-grade plywood, and our furniture is built to stand the test of time.  The furniture, if you can call it that, which is available at Ikea is not of very good quality - it is mostly particle board with melamine veneer.  The configurations are impressive, but if we knew how long that cabinets would last in a wet kitchen or bathroom, we might be more impressed.It also irritates me that if I want to go back to Ikea to buy any certain item, I'll have to make the full trek through the store again.  Following the arrows is fine for the first-time visitor, but if I want to go back to buy some spice jars from the kitchen area, I have to go through the entire store again to get to the check-out area.  It seems like there should be some way to modify that.I do like the dinnerware and some of the other things that I have gotten from this store, but to depend on them for anything substantial for my home would be madness.
4	It's funny how I take advantage of the fact that I have an Ikea right next to my office. I didn't realize it until I had some friends come from out of town tell me they had driven across states to go to one! Okay, there are some great finds, but I think what you spend in gas will offset any savings.  Let's break it down... The Good:1.  Nice selection of modern fabric/curtains/shades: There are a ton of options to accommodate for most ceiling heights.  Also most window coverings can be mounted in several ways depending on your preference. 2. Kitchen accessories: I love Ikea napkins & Dishtowels.  Great quality and so cheap! Also, I picked up a wok and cast iron skillet that have proven to be very durable and both under $10.   3. Organization: there are tons of creative ideas for organizing just about every room in your house.  This is where sometimes Ikea can get a little pricy, but it's well worth it.  The Bad:1. Furniture Quality: For the most part it is not that durable.  Remember the old saying "You get what you pay for"?...  Just don't be surprised if it breaks in less than a year. 2. Assembly: Just about everything in Ikea needs to be assembled... and there are no words on the instructions.  One dresser took my handy boyfriend about 2 hours to put together!3. The parking: If you are handicap or part of a "family" you will likely be able to find a spot. For all others, plan on bit of hike to get into the store... even if they are not busy.
5	Freaking love Ikea !go here you will love it. if you have never been here, you are missing out and should go to buy some new furniture at decent prices because apparently you have been living under a rock.over and out.
3	I remember a time when Ikea was an almost legendary place where the angels would sing a greeting to me as I passed through the hallowed doors. That was a long time ago. When I was younger (and significantly poorer) Ikea was the one true way I could get semi-stylish home furnishings at a reasonable price. Many a room was filled with fine pre-fab furniture that was always just a wee bit small. It's funny how ones' tastes change. This weekend I ventured forth to Ikea in search of baby stuff. A good friend of mine is with child and wanted to check out what Ikea had to offer. Walking through the store I saw the same stuff I saw ten years ago, and while I could still see the appeal, I realized that it just wasn't as cool as I remembered. Ah well, at least I still have the memories (and the coffee table, end tables, TV stand and lamps). Ikea is still great if you have something specifically in mind. My friend found a bunch of excellent decorations for the soon-to-be-born babies room, all for insanely low prices. I bought a few pillows. Yes, this is what my life has become. Ikea didn't change, I did.
5	Who doesn't love Ikea?  Though for the record - the prices have gone up.  :-(
5	What's not to like about ikea? Drop your kids off and shop, shop, shop! The merchandise is of quality that you would expect due to the low pricing. They have just about everything under the sun! If you've never been and would like the full ikea experience, plan at least 2 hrs to browse the store. And another 30 mins to check out. But it's well worth it!
4	I walked in and shivered I was so excited to be in this store. I went with my son who was fixing up his apartment. We bought a few items such as a lamp, light bulbs,  a wok and utensils for the wok.  They were great deals and to end our shopping we had a diet coke and a cinnamon bun. It was very fun.  I have to say the quality of most things was not great but good if you know what your getting. Would I go back absolutely. Cant wait For Denvers opening.
3	Like every other IKEA - it's 5 stars for value and style,  and 1 star for customer service. The few employees actually on the floor cluster and chat in groups and relentlessly avoid your gaze lest you ask them a question, even when it's not that busy. But again,  that describes every IKEA I've ever visited.
4	Dude. It's Ikea. What can I say in a review, that isn't already common knowledge? The kids zone is great. You can drop your kids off for up to an hour; which, by the way, it takes more than an hour to find your way out of this confusing maze of stuff. That's really my only complaint. I don't typically do a lot of shopping here; I mostly drop the kids off and enjoy some time to myself.
5	I love IKEA!
4	IKEA makes it easy to maintain a home with some style and dignity on a small budget. The concept is entertaining to say the least.. the layout of the store can get to be a bit stressful.. (DON'T WALK THE WHEEL THE WRONG WAY), but this location in particular is bigger, cleaner,more organized, and less insane than other locations I have been to (Burbank, Carson, Tustin, Pittsburgh). IKEA offers innovative products at a great value.. keep in mind, however, that when you're paying 1.99 for a kitchen gadget, or $19.99 for an office chair, don't expect it to last a lifetime. Finally, the scratch and dent area can be the source of staggering bargains.. Sure it may also contain busted toothbrush holders, and broken mirrors, but they also throw in discontinued items, and floor models, at a substantial discount.
4	Can't you believe I've been living in the valley at least 2 years full time and visiting on and off for a few more years and I had not been to Ikea until just this weekend.  In fact I still remember the big to-do they had when it opened.It's layout is well designed even encourages a snack break to nourish  yourself for the rest of your trek through the store.  Heck for $ 2.50 I enjoyed a kids meal including a drink (no age limit on the kids deal...sweeeet). You have to be skilled enough to put your Ikea finds together or know someone you can bribe to do it for you. But they do offer on on site van rental company just in case you bought all this stuff with no idea how to bring it all home. It may have been my first time here but surely not my last.
4	IKEA must stand for, you can find almost any item you are looking for under the roof.IKEA has some cool items and our home has many IKEA related items-china cabinet, plates, kitchen items etc. In time, our house will take on even more items.While I wouldn't purchase all home items here, there is certainly value and practicality in several items located here. The items are of pretty good quality and not terribly expensive. I'd rather own IKEA items, then some of the other furniture places items that are in the general area of this location.Do yourself a favor and avoid going here during the week. The store is less crowded.in the evening during the week. You don't have to walk a 1/4 mile or more to the entrance and deal with the other hundreds (or more people and courts cruising around the floor. I'm sure the crowds on the weekend are due to this being the only location in the greater Phoenix area.I wish all shopping carts were like the ones you get at IKEA!
1	You know that feeling you get when you walk into a restaurant and everyone seems miserable to be there?  Why did I ignore that feeling and eat at IKEA on a Friday morning?  To say the service sucked would be the understatement of the year.  The lady behind the counter was rude, unkempt, and didn't make a lick of eye-contact.  They didn't have any sausage ready, despite the fact that the joint was empty.  No apology for the 10 minute wait for sausage while the rest of my order sat on the side and got cold either.  Don't bother with this place people.  There's a reason breakfast is .99.  They should pay you for experiencing that kind of customer service and crap food.  Oh, and they don't have coffee cups for your to-go order, so thanks for making me pay for a coffee that I couldn't even take with me.  Why even offer a to-go option if you are going to half ass the entire experience?  The preserves that give you with your 'pancakes' -- if you dare call those thin pieces of shit 'pancakes' -- are terrible too.  Just terrible.Lame, and you should be ashamed of yourself IKEA.
1	I hate you Ikea. Yep, I said it. I have given it a few tries and every single time is makes me even more angry. First of all, navigating this beast makes me want to take a pen to my eye and sneak shots in my purse. Secondly, they can't get anything correct! We came THREE times for one light fixture that was broken or didn't work when hooked up each time. We bought 2,000 bucks worth of cabinets and the "handwritten ticket by the staff, pick up downstairs method", got us 4 different colors and models for the same kitchen. After the second trip for THIS screw up, we requested a manager who simply said "remodeling sure can be tough". Yeah, especially when Ikea can't match a model number. BOO 5 million times over. Between the commute, traffic, and complete crap of customer service, you can mark my words we will never return.
3	IKEA like their prices on most things they sellIKEA like their selections to choose fromIKEA like their how they are set up with displaysIKEA like the kitchen gadgetsIKEA like their Swedish meatballs for lunchIKEA like their Swedish cool aid that comes from some berryIKEA don't like the size of this place - I've gotten lost twiceIKEA don't like the service, the peeps that work on their floor are lame-oIKEA don't like some of their furniture - some things feel and look cheapIKEA don't like their crazy shopping carts - they go everywhere you're not goingIKEA don't like their return policy and process - it's enough to make you think twice before shopping with them again...IKEA love their hand fans in the restrooms!!IKEA love their hot dogs and cinnamon rolls!!IKEA love my bed, night stands, prints and chair we bought!!
3	Like many of the other Yelpers, I am going the way of it was cool when I was in college but now that it's time to start building a 'home' it just isn't as appealing. I feel like the prices have gone up and the quality has gone down. It is still a great place if you are looking for cheap curtains to add a pop of color to a room or a cheap rug or two. But for the price you pay for some of their "higher end" furniture, you are better off going to a real furniture store and purchasing something already put together and delivered made from quality material than the particle board, do-it yourself stuff you find there. I guess if you are going to Ikea you know what you're paying for and what to expect but as for me, I'm off to Robb and Stucky!As long as there are dorms and first apartments to decorate, Ikea is here to stay!
5	Despite it's annoyances at times, I love IKEA. I like their style of clean lines and organized, clutter-free living. Their prices are comparable, if not cheaper on most items. Yah, I have to put it together myself, but as long as all the items are present in the box then I won't have a meltdown. We've purchased a lot of things from there and since they're not expensive if you want to change up your decor later on, you're not braking the bank. I've also found returns to be pretty hassle-free. Just save your receipt and what's left of the packaging to bring it back. It's ok if it's not perfectly packaged. Just try. My gripes? It's hard to find an associate when you want one. Today two other customers helped me move my giant desk-in-a-box because my own powers of levitation weren't working and no one else was around. 2nd-Saturday shopping. Each time I'm there on a Saturday I think to myself "what the hell am I doing here on a Saturday". Trust me. Go during the week.
4	If your reading this, most likely you are already familiar with ikea.  The best analogy I can use is Ikea is like a Mesa Az. Hooker.  The product might look good from a distance, but if you look close you'll see its not quality and you definetly wont want to use it every day.   We have several items from ikea and you can definetly tell its not high quality (hence the low prices).  The furniture works great for a guest room or furniture you may not use all the time.  They do have a fun kid section with all kinds of stuff your toddler will like.    *im probably the first yelper to use a hooker reference, and give kudos for good kid toys*  Stop in if you have never been to an ikea, you'll be impressed
4	I went to Ikea with expectations of simply being overwhelmed.  While I wasn't too far off about that, I was also pleasantly surprised at what I didn't expect.  1) Food--wow, I will come hungrier next time.  Neat food items at ridiculously low prices.2) Knick knacks--I had no idea Ikea had such a great selection of tiny items to finish off any room.  Great deals found included a reading lamp and a stainless steel dish drying rack.3) Finished rooms as displays--it's refreshing to actually see what some furniture items would look like in an actual home room.4) No bags--yes!  America needs to be weened from it's obsession with disposable plastic bags.  Be warned--this store will knock you off cold turkey.  Bring your own bags (preferably cloth reusable) and save yourself the stress.It's a drive from Tucson, but I could see a yearly trek to Ikea being worth it.
5	Whoa! This was the largest IKEA I've ever seen! Easy to navigate thru, customer service was good. And I kept reading about the cinnamon rolls, so I tried one, they were warm and gooey  :)
5	Ikea is kind of like how I picture the afterlife. Somehow I ended up there with my whole family... It was not the heavenly experience I was looking for. I went in feeling focused and ready to fill my cart with exactly what I'd driven 2 hours for. I ended up talking through my teeth like my mother used to when she was super mad, telling my daughter that if she told me one more time what she HAD TO HAVE my head would explode and embarrass us all, and not getting half the things I went there for. Note to self: go alone next time!Despite my lack of focus and short temper... Ikea was fantastic. We had lunch there. I had the Swedish meatballs and loved them. They give you way too much though. I didn't get lost this time and end up walking in circles. I finally noticed the big blue arrows on the floor (duh!). And I walked out with a full cart for less than $100. Nice. I just wish it were closer... that's my only complaint.
4	Furniture is actually not bad, but is clearly IKEA. Meaning you'll know when you see it in other people's houses. Lots of cheap houseware type things too. I came this last time to rummage the free parts bin for an extra bed frame I had, that we lost the parts for.
3	How do I summarize Ikea in a simple, European, clean review? With a poem of course:Ikea, IkeaYou aren't from KoreaYour stuff is so damn cheapAnd every time I come to youI will always weepMy whole house is full of youJust like a lot of loveAnd every time I come to youYour people always shoveBeds and chairs are good from youAnd you do have some grubYou are a little nicerThan the Costco ClubI gave you three starsbecause you aren't the bestYou are always still good enoughOn your bed, I will now go and rest
3	First of all Ugh!!!! If you like your personal space and short walks in the Arizona heat than this isn't the place for you! Expect a madhouse of people and long walks in the parking lot. So on our quest for a new couch, we went to Ikea. Been here numerous times before to get organizational stuff and thought about giving it a try for a couch. Now we know that Ikea is known for it's RTA (Ready to Assemble) products so we were a little concerned with how their couches would be constructed. They do offer a small number of couches at very reasonable prices, but with that said they lack really any design or style. I guess a little shocking since their cabinets and storage units have some design. So after the long walk to the store and the shoving and maze game to find the sofas we ended up finding a possibility for a bedroom dresser. Yeah, we have to do this all over again to get the dresser next week. Maybe we will try going there on a weekday!
4	IKEA is a monster. Really. You could easily spend the majority of a day walking around aimlessly and taking in the scenery. Even when I'm not in the market for any big ticket items, I enjoy seeing the rooms they have set up to showcase their products. It never fails that I'm walking out of there with a least one or two gadgets. The overall concept of the store is great. While it may not be the highest quality of furniture, it does its job well and certainly can be used in most decorating styles. Some items are moderately priced. Others (ie; lounge chairs) seem overpriced to me. But that's the beauty of IKEA--you can pick and choose. I don't think there is another store on this planet that i say, "Wouldn't this look great?" more than I do in IKEA. Wild horses couldn't drag me away :)
3	I have heard all the hype and the negative.  I am involved with the cabinet/furniture industry so I am pretty critical.  I went in with low expectations and was pretty much in agreement with those expectations.  They have some inexpensive stuff that I thought was cheap and some pretty good stuff that was expensive.  I did spot some gems for the price but they were hard to find.  To say it was an experience would be an understatement.  You are guided by a walkway with few options to shortcut.  The place was full of people.  If you intend to buy any furniture items you need to be prepared with a pad of paper or one of their handy shopping sheets so you can pick up your stuff from the self service warehouse at the end of the loop using the item numbers you have recorded.  This isn't apparent before your first tour.  I did not get to try the meatballs because of other eating commitments.A tip for those trying to check in: The metal roof makes GPS unusable so you have to go outside.
4	They're redoing the showroom which was a bit of a shock when we got up there but other then that the Ikea I know and love is going strong.  My one complaint is that more then 2 registers need to be open on a Saturday morning.  I  understand that the self check out is open, but these are also for people with less then 15 items.  Some have more then that, for spending more with you we should not be forced to stand in one of the 2 lines for an incredible amount of time.  Also how about those two registers not be right next to each other.  It just makes the whole area seem even more congested.
4	Depending on what you're looking for this place can have great cheap stuff. Though at times they will price things ridiculously high and it is not worth it. I got my bed frame, headboard and footboard here because a friend recommended it but when I went to go get the night stand it was 50 dollars more than my whole bed cost?! Weird. Needless to say make sure you are aware of prices at other furniture stores just in case. But this place is great for childrens bedding that gets ruined quickly anyway and for college students!
4	This was my first trip to Ikea ever and let's just say that September in Phoenix means its still a scorcher outside. Plan accordingly if you are trying to buy lots of heavy items. I didn't really know what to expect, but we got there 30 minutes after it opened and we were able to find a fairly close parking space. When you first walk in you see this kid center on the right....day care while the parents shop...pretty ingenious! Up the escalators we went and I just felt a bit overwhelmed with the showroom. I walked into one showcase and I wanted everything in it especially since it was advertised to be only less that 1k for that room setting! Where was Ikea when I was trying to buy cool cheap furniture for college?? After about a hour in the showroom, my head was spinning so we decided to grab a bite to eat. My relatives raved about the Swedish meatballs and  how if you spent over $100 bucks at Ikea, lunch would be free. (Chinese people and the word "free" go together like peanut butter and jelly). The swedish meatballs were delish! Other than that, not too impressed with the Buffalo Chicken wrap, smoked salmon and the mac and cheese. After lunch, we headed downstairs to look for all of our items that we wanted to purchase. They have it pretty organized considering its a HUGE building! We found everything and checked ourselves out. Our lunch was "free" since it gets taken off our final total after spending over 100 bucks. They have this unloading area close to the exit door that you can park your car and load your newly purchased items easily. Overall, Ikea is pretty dang cool and the 3 items that we purchased had dummy proof assembling instructions...definitely a win win for me and Ikea.
3	I have to be honest, Ikea is not at all one of my favorite places.The quality of their merchandise is super cheap and priced moderately when I would rather pay less for the quality I am getting.The saving grace for Ikea is the sheer mass of items they have available. The look/style of the items are pretty neat and are definitely inspiration for a room or apartment.I really wish the quality was better, even though their prices are alright, you get what you pay for!I'd much rather buy quality items for a higher price, even estate sales would be better for what I am looking for I think. Who needs Ikea? College kids or people who need to furnish an entire home on a tight budget.
4	Ikea has singlehandedly furnished my first home, and I love it! Although it is a lot of work to put together some of the furniture, it is so rewarding when you finish, wipe off all your nasty sweat, and bask in the glory of all that is Ikea. Everything is so modern and cool here. I love spending the day with my husband here, browsing through the little rooms they have put together and lusting after paintings and such that would never match anything in our home. We take a lot of pride in our home and would never accept cheap looking furniture, however, there has been a time or two when the furniture was bent or scratched and we didn't realized it until it was all put together. Overall, I feel like the prices here are awesome for what you get. We recently bought and assembled the Hemnes TV unit, and it may be my very favorite item I have bought here to date. We have more to do to the house, and we will continue to head straight to Ikea to do the job.
4	Here are my steps to successfully navigating IKEA:  1.  Go on a weekday. 2.  Eat the meatballs first, before you start shopping.  You don't want low blood sugar in this maze.  You should probably order a dessert too, who are you kidding? 3.  Preemptively grab a big yellow bag.  You're gonna want one for impulse purchases. 4.  Vigorously shake and abuse the floor model of whatever it is you're considering purchasing.  Anything that feels like a mess in the store will be worse in your home.  Don't buy. 5.  Stop by nearby Total Wine for supplies before attempting to assemble anything you may have purchased.  Trust me, you'll want liquid reinforcements.
3	I'm a big fan of the ikea's furniture. I love things that organize and save space - something ikea excels in. Definitely check out their examples rooms - especially the apartment ones. They have that's like, 250 sq ft but still feels like a lot of space because of the way they organize it. I get a lot of my organizational ideas just from wandering. However, it is a big hassle to go through the entire store - which they basically make you do. And some of the stuff is made with cheap material, but thats how it's so cheap to buy! I don't mind but some people do. Personally, I've never had a problem with a piece of ikea furniture and I buy a lot./ Just make sure that anything you put together is put together Well and As Instructed. The food is cheap, and yummy. Not my favorite, but not bad by any means. And if you'e looking to save even more money - right before the cashiers there is a big room to the right (it's kind of hidden in a corner) of slightly damaged ikea items. You can find some great deals of only slightly damaged products. They end up working just fine, as long as youre smart about what you purchase.
4	Ikea is a store I just enjoy wandering around in... forget that they have the cheapest furniture and whatnot around. Forget that they have a million employees who each seem to know everything about the store. Forget that everything comes in little do-it-yourself boxes that I can fit in my wife's Corolla. Forget that despite being mostly made of "cheap" wood, all of the things I've purchased have lasted for years. Forget all that. They get four stars because they let me take naps on the couches.
4	I, for one, love Ikea, but this review is for this particular Ikea and not for Ikea as a whole!The employees on the showroom floor are... ok, at best. They're a bit discombobulated and mostly unhelpful. We were misdirected once or twice with regards to mattresses in a sofa bed. This isn't a big deal, but was just worth noting.The showroom floor was also a bit of a mess, but this Ikea is also bustling, so you can't really be surprised about that.The marketplace downstairs is equally as crazy, and employees here are impossible to find. Fend for yourself! We also found that the marketplace was pretty disorganized as far as where lamps and proper bulbs for said lamps were located. I found this odd, since other Ikeas I've visited have had all necessary accessories within arm's reach of the main product.This Ikea really shines in their warehouse and customer service. Their employees here are efficient and helpful, and assist you with a smile. We had some special order products that had to be pulled from the back, and this was a quick, painless process that didn't tie up our day at all.I also had to exchange some stuff at a later date at the customer service counter and this was a fast, flawless task.Bottom line: once you figure out what you want, this Ikea is awesome. I'd recommend doing your shopping online or from their catalog and then going straight to the warehouse.
4	Ikea how I love you so. Your prices are reasonable and most of your items are easy to put together, and some are a little more complicated. Your clearance can be hit or miss, but when you hit, you can grab the motherload of items for cheap and already assembled. Just don't make the mistake I did and buy a chest of drawers from clearance only to realize that it won't fit in your car. Luckily for me I was able to return the item, seeing as I had never left the property. Next time, I will have to bring a friend with a truck or a larger car.
4	It's IKEA, what can I say. I love the stuff here. I just don't like walking around the earth to find what I am looking for. The place is huge and I'm just tired as heck by the time I'm done. I think the prices on items are interesting. Some things that you think should be cheap are not and things that you think would be expensive are cheap! I don't get it.
5	I love IKEA! I don't go as often as i'd like. I havent been to IKEA in years and when i went yesterday it was wunderbar!!l I was reminded of why i like IKEA, lots of new stuff over  the years. Definitely will be coming back with more money to shop for my new place!!p.s. i love the funny looking swedish names for the items
4	Men if you want to be free of your women for a day and want less money in your bank account then send them over to Ikea, LOL. If you choose to make the trek with them bring both of your cell phones since its very big and can easily get seperated from each other. I have been here a few times and I can tell you I HATE!!!!! the shopping carts with a passion if you get something heavy bring the car or truck to the loading area since the carts wheels go every which way, yes even sideways and the ground is uneven so you will find yourself fighting the cart all the way to the truck. There are some pretty good deals here but others are just as good as anywhere else. I cant speak for build quality for every item but if you like things for China this is your place. they also have a children play area but you only have a one hour limit so you will find yourself half way through the store coming back to pick up your child. Yep I have been there before.
4	Satanic shopping carts. Unhappy children galore (damn you parents for not using the FREE child care! What is wrong with you?!?)Cheap (I mean "affordable"?) modern-ish goodies and furniture.  ...which will undoubtedly have too many or too few hardware pieces. And....Meatballs.
5	Having never been to an Ikea in my life, I was in shock. Don't ask why this was on the list while my family and I were on xmas vacay visiting our family who live in AZ, but you know if you have never been to one, this could actually take the place of a theme park.I think the closest Ikea to where I live is in Palo Alto, CA which is 2 or more hours away, thats prob the reason I have never been. But aside from that, I will try because the one here in AZ was like crazy! In a good way. The whole experience for me seemed so Sci-fi. Don't ask me why, from the minute we were greeted and given a map and bags and then went up the escalator, it just gave me a futuresque feel. We went to the cafeteria first, which I will review in another post ...but what was that about?? Weird. Maybe it's the decor or the cafeteria thing, I dunno. It was good. But weird. lol.Okay now shopping!! You could get lost here for DAYS. I found so many cheap things to buy of course everything manufactured in china with a swedish appeal. Everything here had such a resourceful/economical/efficient process. They sell you re-usable bags, you have to check out yourself (ALL self-checkout except 1) and you clean after yourself in the cafeteria...(yes i know thats standard) No one works there, well at least thats what it seemed and therefore you got yourself a business that makes millions a year. My mom was disapointed tho, she grew up in Sweden and so did her sister (my aunt) who we came to visit and she made it seem to my mom like it was a big imported Swedish goods shop. Sadly  no..but she took the opportunity and grabbed a bunch of swedish groceries happily as she kept exclaiming it reminds her of her childhood. Anyhoo. this place was fun and better if your broke..hey!
4	Ok, I'm Swedish by heritage, so a love of IKEA is in my blood.I just turned 30 in 2011 (play the funeral dirge) and up until recently this place has been my go to for years for inexpensive but euro-design modern furniture.  I say until recently because I find myself gravitating more now towards furniture that is "heirloom quality".The furniture in my place that comes from IKEA is now being phased out piece by piece via craigslist or Goodwill, but I'll always have a soft spot in my heart (and my wallet!) for this place.I'll still be pulling through here on occasion for the experience of walking through, the well designed showroom and the good deals on housewares and lamps (which I do still think are worth it).Oh, and the food is surprisingly delish!  Get the Danish Wedding cake, it's awesome.  Don't be fooled by their terrible food photography!  (A meatball should not be photographed in the same fashion as a couch!)
5	Everything I dreamed and more.  Get the fro-yo on your way out.
3	Can I put three and a half stars? I'm a fan of somethings at Ikea, but not all......Ok, what deserves a lower star rating is their furniture. It's hip and modern and all, but NOT quality......so, depending on your needs, you might love it or hate it. Even their leather sofas....try lifting the sofa with your foot (stick it underneath the front of the couch) with a good quality sofa, you SHOULD NOT be able to budge it at all! At Ikea, don't think you are super strong when it moves....it's just not of a superior construction, that's all.What I DO love Ikea for is all their home stuff, like kitchen gadgets (tho, beware, some aren't that great.....I bought a 'quick chop' here, and it fell apart after like 5 uses!) Their decorator items are great, as well as the lighting department. One of my favorite pans is from Ikea (the mini stockpot with a fit in collander...use it all the time!) If you are moving out, or are newly married, fill your kitchen with Ikea stuff.....way cheaper, and most of the items are just as good as anywhere else (i.e. spoons, bowls, cutting boards, plates, glasses....etc) They have a great selection of curtains for decent prices, and a lot of rugs to chose from. My pillows come from Ikea too (they have different types, like, pillows for people that sleep on their side or stomach or back, or whatever...) They're cheap and comfy!It's also fun to browse around their little grocery store....the smell of baking cinnamon rolls will intoxicate you as well.....Tho, I like to stop by their cafeteria...their smoked salmon is the best! (I don't know how I can talk about cinnamon rolls and salmon in the same sentence, but I just did....)
5	It is a LOVE or HATE relationship it is...Why? because A. either you love it for the deals such as myself.or B. you hate it because you get lost and do not know where to look.Now i have not stayed long enough I think in my opinion to know exactly every little secret or hidden item but I know enough to get me to what I am looking for and the exit as well.  I know the shortcuts.  I don't come to IKEA for customer service or expect it. What I expect are to find the items I need and to leave shortly after. The only time I recommend IKEA as a trip to look through the showroom is non holiday/ weekday mornings. Why? LESS PEOPLE duh. IKEA requires almost a full day if a part of the time is spent in the showroom picturing bigger items in your home. Who really wants to imagine a room full of rambunctious kids that aren't yours messing up your imaginary dreams? I am not being rude I have a dog that is pretty much my hot headed 2 year old that never shuts up and is prissy as hell but that is all I need for now and do not even like to really imagine what he would look like in IKEA crying on a couch somewhere.With that being said either come alone or come with your significant other/Boyfriend/Husband/ or Best Friend!  If you know someone that hates IKEA take them on the weekdays like I said they will appreciate it and so will you. A negative nancy is also not fun when you yourself loves IKEA! I am Just sayin!ooooh also on last note go near the exit and look for the mini cinnamon rolls and pop those bad boys into your microwave! YOU WONT BE DISSAPOINTED!
4	If you need an in depth review of Ikea, you also need to get out from under your rock.  But, for what it's worth, I also feel like weighing in my two cents.  The store is massive and filled with a plethora of cheap, but trendy looking furniture and home goods.  Some of it is great.  Some of it is garbage.  Most of it is perfect for an apartment or rental home, especially if you'd rather ditch your stuff rather than move it.  For a guy like me who has moved more times than I'd care to remember, Ikea has been the choice decor for many apartments for the past six or seven years it's been in the valley.  Much of it has also ended up in a dumpster or with the Salvation Army, and I can't say that I miss it (although I regret the couple of times I've bought the same thing a couple years later).Be sure to check out anything you plan to purchase in the showroom on the upper level before you buy it.  If you don't, you have no one to blame for assembling a cheap and uncomfortable piece of crap except yourself.  There's plenty of maps you can grab, if you're affraid of getting lost in the market place, feel free to take one.  It's okay, no one will laugh at you.  The amazing Odor of the cinnamon rolls in the cafeteria is pure ecstasy.  The crowds are unbearable on weekends, but if you can make it to Ikea during the week, you're golden.  If you have to make a long trip to get to the store, check the website ahead of time to get an idea of what you're looking for.  If you don't, it could be a very long day.
3	THIS PLACE IS WAY TOO BIG!!! I think its a bad thing but others love  this place. I, like most guys, hate furniture shopping but this takes it to a whole new level. You could seriously get lost in this place. It is a giant two story maze, but at the end of this maze youve spent a nominal fee for a bunch of garbage furniture or your life savings for something a little higher quality. I went in there not knowing what to expect of the place being it my first time in an ikea, yes i know i've been sheltered but in this case im very thankful. Back to the subject at hand, I went in there not knowing what i was about to get myself into. Grab the map, a paper measuring tape, and a cheap wooden pencil, just because they were free. Proceeded up the escalator to the showroom. No wonder the store has to be so big, they carry the most insane amount of furniture ive ever seen. They have such a variety of furniture which im told is good, im just a simple man. So the first hour of the store was quite exciting because their is so much furniture to loook at and "try on". But then another hour passed, and another, until i looked at my watch and realized i was trapped in this god forsaken maze for 4 hours. Just as i got to the end of the showroom, my world was rocked. I thought i was finished for the day....boy was i wrong. I now had to go find the furniture i liked and get it myself. That took another solid hour bringing us up to 5 hours on the day. After I had to flag down one of the few employees that were ever visible and gathered up all the furniture came checkout. Looked like disney world. Had people directing traffic and the worst part is the self checkout. Some people act like theyve never touched a piece of technology past the creation of a speek and spell. This just added to the total amount of time spent in this store. 5 hours and 45 mins. I must say if you have the patience for shopping all day and like variety this is the place for you.
4	IKEA is one of those places that you avoid, but once you are inside, they've got you! You WILL walk out of there with something and it will probably be something you didn't think you needed.I have never bought any large furniture here, but I love the shows rooms for ideas. I mostly buy little stuff for organization and also love the swedish food. I always get lox from their market and some of their IKEA brand coffee, because it is amazing.You can jump right to the market place if you don't have time for the show room and they do have a great kids center as well.I bought some little side tables and lap top tables here and they have been great. I spent next to nothing on them and they are great for the kids and for keeping my lap top out of the way till I need it. In fact, I am using my lap top desk right now!Now, wear comfortable shoes and plan to spend the entire day if you do the show room too. I do think it is odd that last time I went I bought a wok and a set of magnets and I had no idea I needed either... I also got a wire with clips that I use to organize notes and paperwork on my walls. People always comment on the cool look of it.
4	I am not sure why there are two listings for this IKEA.This is a good location, it is just like every other IKEA you have been to. There isn't a lot that I can say that has not been said, so I will give you my IKEA secrets.Go to http://IKEA.com and sign up for the family card to get discounts. You get free coffee and a free ice cream cone with this as well.You can look up products online ahead of time and get their aisle and bin number before you leave, print that out if you want to skip the showroom.You can also see what is in stock online at your locale IKEA. This helps incase you are looking for something specific.Wear comfortable shoes!Empty your car out and measure where you have room or plan to tie stuff to the top if you are going to buy anything large. Plan to be here ALL DAY!Plan to get ideas and take pictures perhaps.If you have kids, they will enjoy the kids center where you can check them in, get a pager and they are allowed to play in there for an hour.  The pager will buzz if your kid needs you back sooner.When you start the showroom, grab a few big yellow bags.Walk the show room - it takes about an hour to do the whole thing without a lot of stopping, make sure to pick up anything you see that you want from the bins, you might not be able to find it again in the maze.Break for lunch! At the end of the showroom is a cafeteria, swedish coffee is great, I love the LOX and they usually have some good sweets.Then you will go downstairs and actually start shopping. The marketplace is about another hour and then you go into the warehouse where you get the larger stuff. If you are getting any larger stuff, make sure to grab a pallet cart.. you will  need it. Stuff is boxed and heavy.If you buy anything that might have extra pieces, make sure you confirm what you need. A bed may have top bottom, slats, mid-beam and hardware all in different bins. You don't want to get home and realize you are missing a piece.If it's not there when you look, ASK. They will check the back for you.Want a deal - look in the AS IS section.. lots of good stuff there for discounted prices and usually someone else has already put it together for you.If you have a lot of smaller stuff,  grab some blue bags as you check out. They are .59 cents each, but unless you want to carry a bunch of little items out..  they come in handy and are really re-usable. I always have a couple in my car.You will buy something you don't  need. It's a given. But have fun and plan to leave tired!
5	I am still, after all these years, in love with this place.  Since I've moved to Arizona I am told that some of the stuff is cheap and it's not the rage like it was In KC where you had to drivefor hours or fly to get to an Ikea.  I guess some people think it's common.  Not me!  I will admit that I try to stay away from anything electrical though.  It seems much more complicated than the stuff I buy from Lowes' or Home Depot.  But the textiles are beautiful!  The curtains have much more yardage than any other place I have EVER been, and there are a variety of choices.  Area rugs are amazing and you can find one with great personilty at a low, low price.  YOu can also pick up a higher end rug made with 100% wool.  Pillow shams can't be beat and although I did say that I tend to stay away from the electrical, the light fixtures are awesome.  Because I love decorating, I am constantly watching home shows or reading about interior design.  One of my favortie decorating shows is "Dear Genevive" on HTV.  On more than one episode I see her checking things out for her designs in IKEA.  We bought a leather club chair there and love it.  It's every bit as great as the one we paid over $500 for ten years ago, and this one cost less than $200.  The furniture is so reasonable and I love the young, fresh style.The children's area is totally worth mentioning.  I could go on and on about each department really, but I'll stop here. So little time ya know.When you are finished, get the frozen yogurt cone before you leave.  You'll need a pick me up because it's like a day trip just to get through all the departments.  Oh, and if you want more than a cone, the cafeteria is FANTASTIC!  Ooops, forgot to mention that you can leave the kids at the door; the play area door that is.  There is free babysitting for kids over a certain height.  How great is that????Ikea will always be 5 stars in my book...the prices really can't be beat!
5	I love visiting this store for ideas and certain supplies--and to eat, too!This time, my husband and I got out of there with much less than the usual booty. However, it was more than we planned on to start!Sample items this visit: I picked up a ceramic coffee mug for $1.99 (loved the color and shape), $2.99 metal criss-cross trivets (we are going to use them under our computer batteries so they are off the ground), a sliding hanging piece to hold  clothes I am hanging up when taken out of the dryer in our laundry room (already installed and fab!) for $5.00, a 49-cent ceramic, shiny painted planter pot, a coated small fry pan ($2.99) and a few other items. I sometimes walk through the super-colorful, fun children's area just to play for a minute with one of their very cute stuffed toys (hey, I used to do puppet shows--I still have the kid in me!).The restaurant had a big line during our visit. Normally it's fast. About 3-4 times a year, locals can buy a $10 meal that entitles them to the entire smorgasbord at the restaurant. We happened to hit that day. It was POPULAR! (They have good salmon and Swedish meatballs there with a lingonberry or such sauce.)MEMBERSHIP: A newer feature of IKEA: We also became "members" for free, which gives you free coffee or tea each visit and a free soft ice cream the first visit. You also get discounts on some items. You can see how cost effective this place can be.If you have never gone, it is so much fun to look around. I dare you to leave the store without buying a thing!! It may be nigh impossible!
5	IKEA is so much fun. It's a little bit of a walk up and down the store but with all the different items on display there is time to sit and relax on the chairs, couches, beds. I love walking around the store looking a new ideas for my own home. They have very good prices on all household items. When shopping for accessories for the house I highly recommend going to IKEA because you are bound to find something. Simple things such as Tupperware, trash cans, bathroom accessories can all be found at a really good price.
2	Customer return line slower than molasses.  40 mins and waiting - only 4 people since I begin my voyage to cashier.
4	I like this one. The display area is better here than the one in Denver, and it's easier to get in and out of. If they built a parking garage I'd hook up the fifth star but hot cars and pavement=not my fave. Still love the cheap food and cute, hackable furniture though. I heart you, Ikea! Tip: if you haven't tried the elderflower syrup yet, get an elderflower juicebox. Drink it. Remember being a kid sucking honeysuckle flowers. Buy the syrup. Thank me later.
4	Cheap, modern looking furniture that is well suited for those in college or looking for good ways to economize on space while keeping an uncluttered look.  The as-is section has good deals!
4	Awesome prices, decent stuff. But if you need to get in and out quick DO NOT go on the weekend! It's like Black Friday every Saturday & Sunday.
4	I needed to get out of my environment and out of my head, and a friend just moved to Chandler from Colorado and told me lets go do something, we had about 2 hours to waste because I had family coming into town that I needed to meet up with, so I looked at her and said How about going to Ikea, she said ok lets go!When I walked in I started smelling cinnamon and apples and in my head I was thinking oh yummy apple strudel,,, but after walking around a bit found out it was apple cinnamon candles I was smelling, must go back to get those!  I had been wanting to check out Ikea because I was told the cityscape wall photos I have been looking for are there, and guess what I found them! Went without money so I gotta go back lol Also I found some jars I had been looking for, making homemade Christmas gifts and need some jars, who would have know Ikea has them, and it was a 4 pack for 3 bucks! Ikea is a great store to just go and get ideas for your house or office, I will be back.
4	What more is there to say about Ikea? It's convenient and offers a ton of home deco ideas, which is really bad if you don't need anything :)The food there is pretty good and inexpensive also.
4	Needless to say, I'm a fan of the IKEA stores for the convenience they provide. In addition, I usually like to stroll along the model sample home they have on display, without a doubt if offers good tips. Furthermore, another reason for me to visit IKEA is the ICE CREAM one can buy there for $1.00 delicious as a well their Swedish meatballs. Lastly, the staff is quite helpful as well.
5	I have been a long time customer of IKEA, but I had to write about Phillip and his outstanding service he gave me a couple of months ago.  It was a busy weekend, and I know he had his hands full.  He was eager to help me find what I needed, and he acted as though I was his first client of the day.  I really appreciate his willingness to actually walk me to the isle and look over the products that I was confused about.  He had a smile on his face and offered a helping hand.  Great service!  Thank you, Phillip.
5	First you have to remember, I'm not really reviewing Ikea The Store, I'm reviewing Ikea, the Experience. Because it is totally an experience.I first went to Ikea in Europe, I was visiting a friend who was doing her degree overseas. We took a train and then a bus and finally got to Ikea, bought all the stuff she needed for her room and kitchenware, and lugged it home in those huge blue bags. So walking into any Ikea automatically makes me remember this trip, and it feels like I'm right back in Europe. Which is awesome.I love wandering through the rooms, imagining the lives of the people who might live there. I love all the different organizational storage methods, the cheap decor pieces, the handy kitchen items, and the curtains and throw rugs. I loooooove the Ikea restaurant. I always get the Swedish meatballs with gravy and if they have it ready to serve, the princess cake. I usally grab a jar of lingonberry jam to take home, too. It's all fun and good until I get home and start trying to assemble the furniture, right? Keep an eye on the as-is section, sometimes you'll find pieces there for next to nothing if you don't mind a little repainting or fixing up.
2	Sure, the prices on some items seem decent and there are some good finds available.  However, in addition to much of the furniture being suited for a flat in Europe, the instructions in the boxes are pretty vague.  The items are not even numbered and there are not any written explanations for assemblage.  You kind of have to guess what the pictures are trying to communicate as if you are interpreting artwork from the Stone Age.
2	On 6/23, I drove 234 miles round trip to Ikea in Tempe, AZ to buy bedroom furniture. I was helped by a nice sales person, Mark who was knowledgable and made sure I found what I needed. After spending $678, I drove home and began the next day setting up my bed. I completed the bed and began on the slats. The slats were missing hardware. I called the store and they were just closing so I was directed to someone named Kim where I left my information. Kim has not called me back. I called the store the next day and was re-directed to a call center in Maryland. They were no help. I was told either to drive 234 miles back to the store and get the missing items that were supposed to be included or  wait ONE WEEK for the items to be shipped. I'm in a new apartment with zero furniture. So I called the corporate office and was treated completely different. Felicia offered to call the store while I was on the phone and see if they could expedite the parts to me. She agreed it was too far to expect me to drive and pick up items that were missing and clearly Ikea's fault. If I get my parts in 2 days, I will re do my review. If not, my comments and rating will remain the same.
5	Now they have a small grocery section near checkout so you can wander through the food selection and have some vanilla frozen yogurt! Why does a furniture store always smell so good!!!They did away with most of the self checkout lines and now have more associates at the registers, which speeds up the process a little. Returns still quick and easy.
5	Wow! Super busy today! I guess the rain drove everyone in to Ikea for the day! Per the usual, I grabbed a tasty frozen yogurt and my go-to Lingonberry drink! We shopped the day away and made my wish list for the fall! Can't wait to go back and refurnish my apartment!Their prices are always reasonable and the staff is friendly.  Have fun! I love Ikea!
5	Very nice Ikea store. Pleasantly surprised that the parking lot wasn't a complete nightmare when we went the other day; I always park by the Exit so I don't have to lug my stuff around since you really can't leave this place empty handed.Much larger food court than my MN Ikea - I like! The store itself is similar to the rest. All of my furniture that I've had for 4+ years has survived normal wear & tear as well as 4 moves. Still looks fab.I've been coming more lately for accessories; super affordable picture frames, candles, plants, etc.Froyo & furniture shopping; what could be better?
4	Great starter furniture, great restaurant
4	I love wandering around IKEA getting ideas for the house.  Rooms and furniture are set up in cool designs for the creatively challenged like me to just say, "I'll take that".  I could never come up with the decor ideas on my own.  Prices are generally very reasonable.  Just don't go near this place on a weekend.  It is insane.  Even though they have a child play area where you can leave your crumbsnatchers, there are kids running around everywhere and families of 15 will block the entire flow of traffic.  No way Jose am I ever going again on a weekend.
4	Today I went to Ikea and wandered around for a few hours ooo'ing and ahh'ing over all of the unique home decor.  This place is huge on the inside, offering a place for children to play while you shop, a food court, and even a small grocery section offering Swedish food! The prices are good and I love all of the ideas they displays give me for my home. The store was clean and very well organized but there were lots of people just slowly wandering around, kind of in the way, and a few groups of children and pre-teens just running around. Either way its not to big of a deal and its next to impossible to come into this store and leave empty handed!Other cool things I noticed:Super cheap food, 50 cents for a hot dog and a $1 for an ice cream cone.Their family card offers you a free coffee or tea whenever you come in & discounts, pretty awesome.
4	Wished it wasn't so far away, but I am definately going back...could spend all day there!
3	In my entire life as a human...I have never tried Ikea food..until now. I did not know what to expect from these swedish store. I had the swedish meat balls.....it was actually good. The combo comes with mash potatoes and a salad. Also for desert I had this weird stuffed cake thing....that was good. Of course the cafe set up is well liked. Oh yea got some furniture too.
1	The ikea customer service and in particular in the Tempe store is the absolute worst. After months trying to get missing parts from a new bed that was missing from the moment i purchased it, and then ikea sending the wrong ones twice and numerous calls to the corporate office, I finally received the right parts. corporate office promised me a gift card for my troubles which I received today. It's a whopping $25. I feel like sending it back but will actually donate it. Save your time and money. Don't buy Ikea furniture.
3	What can you say about Ikea not much I guess it's big, exhausting, complicated, neat, fun, and this particular store has incredibly rude sales reps. I couldn't believe how each and everyone of the reps. seemed to be in disbelief I would actually ask them a question or for help of any kind........... I did get a great Katherine Hepburn print but other than that was very uneventful........ The attitude of the staff was bad enough for it to concern me.... Til next time
4	My husband and I keep saying we're going to stop buying furniture from here and then we end up doing it anyway. It's just so much more pleasant thank walking into a traditional furniture store and having sales people hassle you. Also the stuf is way better looking. Sure not better built, but I like the style more.And here's what I figured out this weekend. Show up right when they open. We were the first people into the show room and it was so nice. Not crowded, you could look at what you wanted. And when we got out we'd parked close enough that it wasn't too frusterating navigating that crazy cart around.The flat packing is pretty sweet. I went with two friends this weekend and we managed to fit a crazy amount of stuff into a Honda Fit.The furniture itself only took a few hours to set up. Total win.
4	IKEA! Yeah, it's a bit overrated, but I was super grateful to have a cheap place to buy furniture that's only five minutes away from my apartment.Being a Colorado native, I hadn't seen much IKEA action until move-in week where I've frequented this place six times in four days. Each experience was fine, nothing out of the ordinary from what I can see. The fact that it's self-service kind of sucks since I'm wimpier than a thirteen-year-old computer nerd.
5	This place is totally worth the drive from Tucson to Phoenix to get furniture, especially since it's so hard to find the furniture we needed, curio cabinets, in Tucson for a decent price.Not only did we find a great curio cabinet, we found some LEDs to put in the cabinet at a great price, a lamp for one of our guest rooms, and plug-in lights to help light up a dark spot near our back door. We got all of this for under $300.Just walking through the store gave us all kinds of ideas for furniture for our back yard and our office. We will definitely be back to get these once we have the money to do so.
2	Honestly,... I simply can't deal with the cheap furniture... It's just me...ugh...
4	...it is very much a Love/Hate thing, but I lean towards the Love because they simply have so much useful stuff...and so much stuff that fits in obscure spaces.  No, it isn't the greatest quality furniture on earth, but for a dustpan, or a soap bowl, or a storage piece to fit in a narrow slot at the end of the hall?  Yeah, they've got that in about 6 different styles and 3 different colors.
3	What's not to love?  Their furniture is dirt cheap, highly functional and comes in a variety of cool color and style options.  They have a huge variety of home goods that basically encompass any need for a house from soup to nuts.  You can get your bed, bedding, couch, pillows, art, slipcovers, plates, glasses, skillet, napkins, oven, sink, lamp, plants, candles, pet accessories, patio furniture, door mat, etc...  You get the idea.  (I hope.)Anyway, adding to all that awesomeness is a reasonably priced sit down cafeteria, a walk up lunch counter, and a great little food store at the front of the store.  And the food is actually pretty damn good!!  In fact, one of my favorite things to do is to wait until a rainy day, so obviously I don't do this often, and go to IKEA for lunch and get my meatballs and Lingonberry jam, at just sit at one of the tables overlooking the vast parking lot and enjoy my food as I watch raindrops splatter the puddles in the parking lot and frantic shoppers dart to and from their cars as if they were made of spun sugar. (Umbrella?  This is Phoenix, we don't own such frivolities!)And a bonus for me is that usually they are playing some fabulous European alternative band on the overhead speakers.  In fact, one of my fondest IKEA shopping trips was a cold, rainy December day that I spent a few hours in IKEA casually eating lunch, and browsing the Christmas sale items and enjoying the music as they played the New Order-Technique CD almost in its entirety...YES!  It really was one of my favorite days, ever.The food market has a wonderful selection of hard to find European goodies at prices so reasonable you can afford to be adventurous and try new items.  This last Christmas my kids and I discovered that their non-alcoholic mulled, spiced cider is simply delicious!  At least twice I darted into IKEA after work with the kids and got a large bag of frozen Swedish meatballs, gravy mix, Lingonberry jam and a bottle of that delicious cider for dinner; my kids were happy campers at dinner those nights!Here is something else that I love about this store:  Once I was trapped in IKEA with a 6 month old who'd just blown out his diaper, and guess who forgot to grab his diaper bag from the car before she came into the bowels (pun intended) of the store?  Yep.  I was in a really bad spot, being miles (felt like it) from the store exit...  But, guess what happened when I went into the ladies room with my little stink bomb in an attempt to beg a diaper off of another kind mommy, or just to clean him up with paper towels enough that we could slink out of there with a shred of dignity left...?  I discovered that IKEA provides single diapers (free of charge) at the changing tables in the ladies room!!  You could have knocked me over with a feather.  How awesome is that?Also, they have a hardware assistance department that has common replacement parts, free fastening hardware replacements, and reprints of their instruction manuals hidden at the front corner of the store, did ya know THAT??  Did ya??  Anyway, as much as I love this company I do have some complaints about the store and for these three complaints I am subtracting a star.  Firstly, the carts SUCK.  I strongly suggest you wear your steel toed flip flops; you will likely have several near misses with your toes and their schizophrenic sideways gliding, carts.  I have no idea why the carts do that, but their gliding makes them even less easy to control than say a parking lot battered, old Home Depot lumber cart with a wonky wheel that pirouettes like a ballerina on speed.  In fact, they are a screaming pain in the taint to control when they are loaded up with heavy stuff.  Also, unless you are an IKEA ninja like me, it is a total pain in the ass to navigate the store in a hurry AND they recently put an alarm on the starwell to the cafeteria so no more quick escape after eating a cheap lunch. (WTF, IKEA!!??) Getting from point A to point D can be a pain in the ass if you are in a hurry or trying to meet up with someone.   Finally, I think the no free plastic bag thing is a racket.  Those blue bags aren't good for much else and I'm tired of buying them and having them cluttering up my house because I am too cheap to toss them out.  Okay, rant over.IKEA I love you, but slightly less than I did a couple of days ago...  I'll still date you, but no kissing.  I'm just too hurt by the recently alarmed stairwell exit from the cafeteria to be that intimate with you right now...  *pout*
4	This is our sixth, or seventh IKEA and they are universally good.I agree with Laura L's observation... on there stuff being mostly particle board.  But I'm sitting in my Cherry wood office at work and sadly, it's particle board too.  It looks great, but it's particle board. LOL  It is a sad statement on furniture in general.  But, we still have our Bully book shelves from three moves ago and one of our kids is always needing something for their college apartment, or whatever.  Mirrors, picture frames, plants, bedsheets for college and LAMPS...My addiction is their lighting and candles.  Their florescence bulbs are less expensive than any other retailer and they never burnout.  Some people stock 50lbs bags of rice in their basements, I stock florescence bulbs.  LOL Sorry, family joke.  The Tempe store is nicely laid out and they still carry those Swedish meatballs downstairs.  Enjoy!
4	I like this store for a number of reasons. There is a lot of very affordable, fun mechandise for the home, with new stuff each visit. The whole store is so spacious and set up so that shopping and or/browsing is always a relaxing, pleasant experience. And the cafe serves  good inexpensive light fare - perfect for having a substantial snack or a light meal.
5	I love IKEA.  We purchased a shelving unit.  My husband has NEVER been a fan of purchasing and then having to build a piece of furniture.  His comment after building this shelf was "WOW, I have never see anything so simple to build"  I guess I will be going back for more IKEA furniture.   I really want one of their kitchens :)
4	I've been to 3 other Ikeas and this one is about par with the others.  Furniture is decent but by no means sturdy, heirloom type.  It gets the job done though.  Lately we've been coming here for our toddler's furniture and other such things.  Works great for us!
2	like Ikea furniture but quality does not  seem to be as good as it used to be. My new Poang chair parts are so warped can't assemble (see pic) and finish is very rough
5	This place is brilliant
4	Me: Excuse me, can you help me find the Kvartal? I'll need some Raffig too.Them: blank stare. Me: lolSeriously, nice store but translate the names so the workers can help. (there are 10 totally separate items called Kvartal and they are completely different but in the same area)
1	I love this place every thing about it from the great help to the great quality of the furniture wow that is all I have to say
4	I am a fan of their products except the HOUSEPLANTS.  I bought all my houseplants from IKEA on the same day and now I am battling the flying knat like insects that live and breed in the soil.  Lovely to look at, cheap to buy but if you do, be sure to stop by the Home Depot and get some insecticide and treat them in your yard or garage before bringing them into your home.
4	I furnished an apartment by shopping here.Came back today for a few essentials in the new place. Everything is easy to find, and it's fun to look at the layouts on the show floor.First time eating in the cafeteria-style restaurant; was quite impressed!
1	Product out of stock.  Try to call to get stock info...wait over 30 minutes to finally get a human voice to answer, then put on hold again indefinitely. Finally found out that the product I want is being discontinued.  However, it is still for sale on the show floor and on their website.  What a waste of time!How do these people think they can do business with this kind of service.Only buy from them if you do not anticipate needing customer service.
5	It's huge, you can get lost and not come out without buying something also the food in the cafeteria is all fresh and delish, try out their corn bread and also the grilled fish. Even if I'm not planning to buy anything new for my place, I simply love to walk around just for the exercise and to admire anything new they have out.
2	We love ikea so we decided to do our kitchen through them and decided to use their contractors for granite and the cabinet installation... Installation people were fine for the cabinets but the granite company they use.. Artisan is terrible.They have poor communication and they screwed up our installation date. We had to re-arrange our schedule for the 3rd time to get our granite installed. Not a happy camper! Also...the way ikea does the granite payment stuff in a pain as well. After the template was done I was told to call to schedule installation 2 days after.. After 3 days of trying to get a hold of someone to schedule the install I finally called ikea to see what was going on.. Come to find out I had a small balance due which had to be paid before scheduling could happen.. When the heck were they planning to call and let me know?? So frustrating that I had to hunt them down! They also made it clear that I needed to scan over payment over that night and said someone would call me to get the rest of the card info but of course no one did and so next day I called them. The guy that was helping me was very nice and I could tell he was surprised no one called me the night before like they were supposed to. If I knew this I would have purchased granite elsewhere and had it installed by someone else..I'm sure it would have been done by now! Artisan reflects very badly on ikea!
4	Ikea is great, but be prepared to spend some moeny. You will spend some money not becuase items are expensive but becuase you find so many things that are a must have! Like most my biggest complaint is the amount of time it takes to put all this darn furniture together, it is in sooooo many peices. Good news is you can have is essembled and brought to you.
4	Ikea is awesome. Although we have only one in the valley making the trip there provides lots of ideas for the home. I really appreciated the service area for children. You can drop off your child for approximately 1 hour so adults can shop alone. My sister and I left my nephew there and when we came back he was more than happy to shop the first floor with us. It gives adults a break.
2	I usually wait to write a review on a place after going a few times, to make sure it's not a bad day or a really good day. I have been going to ikea since it opened here, I don't know like 8 years ago, maybe longer. The last few times I have gone to Ikea the employees have been a nightmare. The store is always out of stock of at least 2 things you want and you can't buy them online. Why? It's dumb. What decade are you living in that you can't order an out of stock item online? Tillys, sunglass hut you name it, they do it. The website is not accurate regarding the stock and even the employees tell you don't look at that, you have to call. Why? This last time I went an employee told us an item was discontinued forever and they will never be back in stock. So I asked him if we could buy the floor display. He then said you would have to go back up and ask them. Really? You can't use that Phone for this customer and call and ask for us? Really? So my hubs goes back up and on the table it has a new tag on it. He calls and tells me this, so I talk to a different guy, realizing the last guy was an ass. He said oh no it should be in next week. Great. I would be bragging about how great that guy was except he saw me struggling to push a cart and pull a pallet cart around by myself and threw by 2 sheets away that had the rest of my list on them.  I had no idea where anything was. I looked everywhere but really didn't think he would do that, but he did. I made him get them out of the trash. He proceeds to tell me he saved my day. What a jerk. All in all, I probably won't be back for a long time. I am an Ikea freak, my whole house is ikea. I however refuse to put money into a business that treats their customers like garbage. I did call customer service and that was like talking to a wall about the issue. Peace out Ikea.
1	This is to let everyone know....to think twice about going with an IKEA kitchen.  Due to incompetence from IKEA (Tempe) sub-contractors (with the exception of Great Spaces---who were great!!!) we are looking at a 7 week install and all IKEA could do about it was to offer us a gift card.  If we would have known that this would go this long, we would have done everything local and not dealt with IKEA (15+K).  We are not happy and all I can say is that IKEA should have made this right and didn't.  So even though they offer great prices, etc....do you want to take the chance. We found out after the fact that we could have gotten just as good of a product a Handyman's Haven in Tucson and not waited so long.Mad in Tucson.....
3	Fun place to shop.  Not very high quality of product.
3	I love and hate Ikea at the same time.This place is great to come and walk around, get ideas, pick up some new products on the cheap...what's not to like?  Well, I'll tell you.  You can't come here on the weekend because you can barely walk around.  Clearly this is because this is the only location around but it is downright ridiculous.  Somehow whenever I come on a weekend I have to fight through throngs of rude people who have no concept of anything but themselves and will walk around without regard for anyone else.But I digress; clearly that is no fault of Ikea's.  The fact that you cannot look up everything online or even order parts is a little ridiculous.  I don't think I should have to travel to the store if I simply need replacement hardware or a set of legs for a media center.  Maybe that is part of their game.  Who knows?The staff is typically friendly but it seems there are too few of them around when you really need them, especially when it is busy.  I will continue to come here when I need to but probably only when I need to so that I can get in and out as quickly as possible.
4	I'm a fan... for several reasons.You can find practically everything/anything you need for your house here.. my favorite is the kitchen stuff, the organizing options, and the basic shelves/bookcases.  Things are very affordable and stylish... not saying that it'll last you forever, but I think what they're going for is to be affordable and stylish.The store itself is a PITA to go to.. it's a freaking maze (but if you're a bit sharp, you learn the trick and you can navigate it quickly and without touring the whole damn place).. the parking lot is *always* packed (good luck finding a close spot) and those damn carts are a total annoyance (they glide in every direction, except straight).The staff has always been good - nothing awesome and nothing terrible.You want a cheap meal? go upstairs... even their longest line moves quickly.. and they have good healthier options (smoked salmon, nice green salad).As far as assembling their products.. well, I have done shelves, cabinets, tables, etc and can't think of any one time uttering "g*%#@&!^ Ikea!!" while assembling things.. so I guess that's good.
5	i have always liked ikea. when i bought, gutted, and re-did my first condo here, nearly all the furniture, faucets, and even the laminate came from ikea. easy to find products, relatively cheap, but mostly, i liked the style and look of their products. anyone reading this knows the deal with ikea....navigating the casino like labyrinth of showroom products, only to be shuffled through another labyrinth of everything they sell upstairs! on a sat/sun, it's maddening....mostly because their shopping carts can be pushed in any direction (not just to/fro), and when a family comes barreling down the aisle with 10 unruly kids each pushing an Ikea cart, there's bound to be a torn Achilles in the end. ah, no worries...as long as i can get my lingonberry on, with a side table of Lake.
4	We love Ikea and it's always been a pleasant shopping experience at this location. My only suggestion is to allow non-potty trained kids in the play area, other than that everything here is awesome!
5	Its always fun to visit IKEA!  Even if you do not need any furniture, you should stop by and visit the restaurant or food court for some cheap eats.  Better yet, stop by the food market and check out the wonderful scandinavian items you cannot find elsewhere. Oh yes,  the furniture here is great also but be warned, you must set aside a lot of time to assemble.
5	I have a fever and the only cure is more IKEA. Seriously, though. I love this place. My husband and I make the trek once a year and pretty much put anything we see and like in the cart. Our couch, chairs, entertainment center, book cases, kitchen table, guest bedroom set, frames, living room rug, and much of our glassware all come from here. Like I said, I'm a junky. Now, I know it gets a bad wrap for quality, but if you pick the right things, they will last. And the low-quality things, well sometimes you need a $15 laminate table - it's called your first apartment. I can't tell you how many compliments we get on the items we've purchased. In fact, many people who won't step foot in IKEA thinking it's poor quality convert when they see our house - not kidding! Do it right, and you'll get crazy good bang for your buck.
5	We just returned to Tucson after a very successful buying trip to Ikea in Tempe.  We arrived, as planned, at 10 am (opening time on Sunday) to beat the crowds.  The parking lot was already busy but the shopping experience was great.  The products are arranged in a logical and systematic order, so as you follow the arrows and navigate through the showroom, you pass by numerous expertly designed, realistic cameo layouts of living rooms, bathrooms, kitchens, bedrooms etc etc.  We selected our furniture, noted the codes on our Ikea form and then got immediate help from a sales associate who printed out our order and explained how to get down to the warehouse to pick it up.  On the way out we enjoyed smoked salmon and the passed through the "marketplace" where we succumbed to numerous "impulse" buys from the enormous selection of brilliantly designed gadgets, kitchen and table wares. The warehouse is gigantic - like Costco on steroids - but there is help and even as old-timers, we found it easy to locate our purchases and load them on our cart.  There was a short delay as we waited for a very heavy item to be found  and loaded (Ikea - hire  more green-shirted loading dudes) but this was a very minor blip in an otherwise flawless shopping experience.  No creepy commissioned sales people circling round you like devious vultures - just great prices, well designed products and courteous staff.  The 2 hour drive each way was worth it for the benefit of picking up products in stock with  no back-orders or delays.  Highly recommended!
4	This Ikea has an extra large parking spot, so even though you may be a bit of a walk from the door, you can always find a spot.  It's set up like pretty much every other Ikea we have been to.  Second floor is the "show room" area and cafe.  First floor is the "Oh no I'm lost in Ikea boxes for the next two years"  and a check out area...if you can ever get there in the sea of cardboard.  We had the meatballs, which is our standard M.O. when going to Ikea.  They have signs up throughout the store that say that their meatballs are supplied through a U.S. company - which is amusing and we are sure has something to do with the whole horse meat thing overseas.  Makes one wonder how many times the serving staff has been asked that question!Overall the store is clean, organized, and they are making way for a new Garage Organization section! Overall: ANothing all too different from other Ikea locations, but that doesn't mean it's a bad thing!
2	This place is mildly overrated. The furniture is cool, but it's kind of cheap. The reason for my review however is about the staff. Not only is it hard to find someone to help, but when we did try a few weeks ago, they told us to hold on and they never came back. Granted they were "short staffed" but if thats the case then just express that to us, instead of leaving and never coming back. Also when we spoke with the Manager in charge he wasn't any further help and even at one point walked away as we were talking to him. I didn't understand why he would have been so rude. Maybe they were having a bad day, so I will give them the benefit of the doubt, but overall it was a 'whatever' experience. The cafe is really good though!
4	This is Ikea, so bring your walking shoes and keep a screwdriver and wrench handy. Going here is as much a field trip as it is a shopping trip, so block out a few hours. It's unlikely you're going to be able to run in and out unless you have a great sense of direction and equally substantial amounts of willpower. As for the merchandise, Ikea has made its fortune on inexpensive, sturdy, usable furniture, and that tradition continues. We got what we came for (bedside lamps) plus a few other things, and thoroughly enjoyed window-shopping and planning. It is great to walk around different layouts and see how effectively you can use a few hundred square feet of space. And I totally want to deck out my entire kitchen in Ikea cabinets, racks and storage shelves.
2	I've been a loyal ikea fan for years so it pains me to write them a bad review.I recently remodeled my new home and came to ikea for flooring and kitchen cabinets.  I went in to purchase the flooring first but apparently their flooring is being eliminated. They did have one pallet left of the flooring I wanted but I couldn't find it so I asked for help.  I was unimpressed by their searching methods.  Looking in the same place that I already looked and confirming it's not there isn't helpful.About the same time I went to purchase my cabinets, ikea comes out with a new commercial that's aimed at clueless people who want a new kitchen, so I went in to buy my cabinets with confidence and measurements in hand.  I walked to the kitchen department and waited for an employee to finish up on the computer. I told him I was there to buy cabinets and he asked me if I knew which ones I wanted, I said I didn't so he hands me a booklet and tells me to pick them out and he'll put the order in for me.  I said "don't you guys do this for me" and he said "you have to pick out the cabinets."Great.  I left and grabbed a glass of that lingadong juice from the restaurant and started figuring out measurements and hurting my head with thoughts of angles and door openings.  When I finished, I headed back to the department to give the guy my list and I saw a couple sitting at the computer with a different Ikea employee and they were living the commercial!  My heart sank.  Why were those jerks getting their entire kitchen designed on cool software and I had to pick mine out of some black and white catalog- 1950's style.  My money is just as green as theirs!  As the guy started entering my order and asking me questions about toe kicks and countertops, my blood started to boil and I let the guy have it for not giving me the same service as the other customers there.  His attitude quickly changed and he became helpful.  At first he had told me to grab the sink drains and cabinet handles on my way out but after our chat, he went and got them for me.When I went to pay for my order they told me it had to be picked up the same day, not ideal but okay.  I called my contractor and he said he'd be there in a few hours.  I'm pretty sure I'm the first customer to ever buy cabinets but have someone else pick them up because they have no system in place for that.  I had to beg the guy at the counter to help me out but he wouldn't.  So I decide to return the next day when Harry and I can go together.  We come back the next day, I hand the cashier my order to pay and she tells me that they are out of everything. Me: really? You're out of every single cabinet that's on my order?IKEA cashier: yes, really.Me: In one day you sold out of all these cabinets?That doesn't make sense, these cabinets are on 3 different displays upstairs. This sink has been sold here for years. How can you be out?IKEA cashier: I don't know, but we're out.  Go talk to "pick-up" about ordering more.Me: pick up? Really? Okay The pick up guy tells me to talk to "returns"and returns tells me that because the order was placed yesterday, it's coming up as not available. He fixes it and finally I'm able to purchase the kitchen but not before growing contempt for my favorite home store.Lastly, I get a call from my frustrated contractor because the directions are telling him to drill holes into the cabinet face but there are no marks where to make the holes. I tell him no way, ikea instructions are faultless.  After a 25 minute hold with Ikea support, I find out that guy at the kitchen department was supposed to give me templates for the holes to be made in the cabinets.  Thanks for failing me once again, careless dude.
4	I have a love hate relationship with ikea. It truly is a hit or miss place. First the store is huge huge so prepare yourself to spend quite a few hrs in here looking around. If you know what you are looking for and have done some research you can find some pretty decent pieces here, I think they have some great pieces for kids rooms where you aren't worries about them lasting forever
4	IKEA is generally busy whenever they are openIt is a fun place to walk around and spend hours looking at everything and finding yourself buying thingamajigs, unless you go in there with a set purchase planTheir merchandise is not high end but most things are pretty chic and trendyMost things are pretty disposable thoughAlthough it make look cute, it prolly wont last longThe food court is actually pretty darn goodIt is cafeteria style and prices are pretty moderateLike everyone else, I am a fan simply because some weekends I have nothing to do, so I spend hours fantasizing at the bedrooms/kitchens/bathroom sets in the storeTry itThe lines at checkout can be a nuisance sometimes
5	Yay, I love IKEA!  It's always busy, but when you head over there you kind of have to plan to make a day of it.  I've always experienced great service from the employees and love everything I've purchased from there.  The only down side is I have to drive from Tucson...but it's worth it.
5	I love IKEA. It's the lifelong kind of love. Anywhere I traveled, anywhere I stayed for more than a week - if ikea was there I visited. It was my lunch splurge place in college days as much as design and organizing Mecca. I love that it gives different styles in world of lazyboy chairs. I love that the prices are more than reasonable. I love that you can find everything for small and large spaces. Yes I've heard the lame "but its lacking quality" excuse, and let me tell you that everything I bought is still looking great. Truth be told I never bough couch or mattress there, but bookshelves, tv stands, kitchen cabinets - all looking great. The only thing that sucks is that I get depressed coming home and seeing that my place looks nothing like one of the wonderfully designed showrooms (yet!). I will definitely be back, more than once
5	Going to IKEA is an adventure. After purchasing a wall of bookshelves, I now mostly go to purchase foods such as shrimp, meatballs, gravy, chocolate, cheese, seafood paste and so on. They regularly have special food events in their upstairs cafeteria. What fun. Presently, IKEA is advertising a winter holiday dinner on December 13th; the only issue is you must buy tickets in person. My first special food event was a Winter Harvest all you can eat crawfish event, which we stumbled upon after returning from a trip to NOLA through Phoenix international Airport. I guess it's popularity has grown. This last weekend all the 6pm meal slots were full and they only had 3pm dinner spots. For us in Tucson that means leaving at 1:30 to get there. They ofter a IKEA family program, which you sign up for in the lobby, which they gets you on an e-mail list giving you special deals and free cups of coffee. Lord knows you'll need it to make it though the entire place and keep your stamina this place is amazing!I would love to have a sleep over party there with my girlfriends and for the night we can pretend we live in the display areas and dine in those display dining rooms.
4	Love this place! It always somehow reminds me of the episode from 30 rock when Liz lemon and her boyfriend go in there or from the movie Ted when he says all his apartment was decorated from ikea :p
3	They have nifty mirrors great scented candles unique lighting fixtures their sweetish meatballs were just ok but the worst part about ikea is their products are simply cheap and not durable.
1	I don't know why everyone gives the store in Tempe a good review. I just went today to make a simple purchase of a table and chair for my grandson and it was a nightmare. I have never liked the layout of IKEA, finding it confusing and illogical. Sure enough I was trying to find the children's section. No signs, and no sign of anyone work working on the floor. I wander around and finally find it, pick out what I want and get a shopping cart. That's where I hit my first major snag. The cart doesn't wheel right. It goes all over the place. I decide to ditch it and get one in self service figuring they have to have them there also. Of course they don't because that would be logical. I happen upon one that was left there and guess what? That one also doesn't wheel right. Like the other one it wheels all over the place. I can barely control it. I press on tho to get my items and can't find one of them but there are workers there so I ask one about the missing item. He has to call someone in that dept. Really? You can't just help me find the right bin? While I'm waiting I find the item myself and struggle to get the cart to one of only two cashiers working. To get the sale price of my items, I find out I have to belong to the IKEA family. At this point I don't want to belong to this moronic family but I want my discount. I'm told I have to join at the kiosk. Its pointed out to me by a worker running from me. Nice. I can't get the kiosk to work. No help around now. Another customer asks the cashier who gives us forms to fill  out to get the card. Apparently after you go to the kiosk you have to fill out this paperwork for the card anyway. Huh? And why didn't the cashier tell me that in the first place? I'm now beginning to suspect the workers are sadists who like to see us suffer.I purchase my items but now I have to figure out how to get my uncontrollable cart out of the store and to my car. I find that heaving the cart away from me gets it to move the most feet. I crash it into a wine rack. I don't care there are no workers around anyway. I heave it some more and manage to get it out the door to my car. It took me an hour and a half to purchase a simple table and chair. I don't plan on visiting my new 'family' ever again.
4	This is a pretty good Ikea I'd say. Close parking has been easy the times I've gone. Customer service has always been good as well. Only complaint would be last time I was here it took a while to checkout and the store wasn't even crowded. Would hate to see how long it would take on a crowded day.
2	I am absolutely boycotting this store! And I love to shop so this should tell you that there is a serious problem. I feel like a hamster in a maze first and foremost however I have spent plenty of money here in the past but tonight I was so disgusted that I am perfectly happy not returning and paying more elsewhere.I stood in line for 20 minutes and the lines behind me just got longer and longer...and it wasn't just my line. How about open a few more lanes to get customers check out maybe? Eventually, we got annoyed put our shit back and started to walk out My boyfriend demanded to talk with a manager, Some 22 year old kid came out saying he was the manager and we said that this was poor customer service and people in line are all annoyed, etc. His response was "That's just kinda how they do things around here." REALLY???? Sorry...lame answer, not acceptable! The quote of "You get what you pay for, and you pay for what you get" stands very true here.
5	I always love the Swedish meatball dish :)
4	I love IKEA. So busy but nobody's rude and the store isn't trashed. Sometimes you find things you never knew you needed, like a dog butt leash rack. :) After wandering for a bit, I always feel like I can cheaply and easily remodel my entire home.
5	I friggin love this place! Got my daughter's a drawing table and a paper roll for the table and so excited to put it together tonight for them! It was only $49.99 way cheaper than pottery barn kids. Plus the food in their restaurant is so yummy, try the chocolate overload cake when your there, oh and of course the swedish meatballs! Yum!! Also, they have family friendly parking up front! Say what??? :-)
3	This place has really changed. Not for the better unfortunately. It is so crowded here all the time. They changed the layout. It is a huge maze and forget elbow room, too crowded. The prices in the restaurant has gone up and they charge for everything now, eh hem bags included. I don't think I will be a frequent shopper here.
4	I've been an Ikea shopper for years. Whether it's Tempe, Seattle, or Philly, all Ikea stores are the same. Cute little displays that make you want to redesign all of your living spaces, tons of shoppers, items that you didn't come for but now you MUST HAVE. On our last trip here, we took advantage of the delivery option. We purchased a mattress and a bed and didn't feel like strapping it to the top of the car. After making our purchase we awkwardly wheeled it on over to the home delivery desk. One employee was on the phone and after standing there for about 5 minutes, she called over someone else to help us. Home delivery starts at $59. We live about 12 miles from the store and was expecting to pay more but nope...$59 for us. The guy who set us all up was able to get us in the system quickly and they were able to deliver the same day. Score! Our delivery window was from 5-9pm. Luckily the third-party service that was contracted to deliver came around 6:30pm. They were quick, unloaded our items, and offered to put them where we wanted. Just like many other reviews say, you get what you pay for. Yes, much of the furniture is inexpensive, but I've had some pieces that have lasted forever. I've had my tv stand for almost 13 years and the crib/toddler bed I bought my oldest lasted through many moves and was assembled and disassembled many many times. I have also had pieces that I have put together about 90% of the way only to find that two boards don't line up. In that instance, I'm thankful that Ikea makes returns as easy as can be. Last but not least, just a note for my fellow shoppers. Ikea is great for wandering and you can spend hours doing just that. Please be mindful of others around you and don't walk five abreast down the walkway, park your huge shopping carts in the path of others, or let your kids kick their shoes off and wrestle where everyone else is trying to walk (yes, this happened). Some of us know what we are there for and want to get in and out. Thanks.
2	Ikea is what it is ... Great disposable furniture. God help you if you need to return something ... I am writing this as I sit with 14 other people and one customer service person taking returns ..., never again.
5	Went here for my first time the other day and LOVE IT!!! I can see myself going there once a week!  Great selection of everything you can think of, with great prices.
5	I like trying out furniture. I mean, I REALLY like trying out furniture before I buy. Get a feel of how well you can use it before you make that purchase. And you want to make the right purchase because no likes to be wrong in life. And returning things, especially furniture, is like graduating high school with a 3.5 GPA. Doesn't say very good things about your work ethic. Good thing Ikea has everything set up for you. Just go in and enjoy any version of a living room, bedroom or kitchen that you like. If you don't like it, move onto the next one.I don't know why the TV don't play DVDs. I would have bought some meatballs and drinks at the restaurant, popped some popcorn in the microwave, and sat down with my date to enjoy a simple movie.You may want to avoid rush hours and the huge number of children. I suggest going... actually, there's ALWAYS kids in Ikea. So no, you won't be able to enjoy the movie on that fancy couch quietly (if that TV was even able to play a DVD in the first place). And I think the employees purposely hide the remote too. WHAT DO YOU MEAN THE TV DOESN'T HAVE A REMOTE? Every TV comes with a remote.Too bad the water in the bathroom displays don't work. I would have like to see what it would have been like to shower there and get ready before my date arrived. I tried telling her that all of the decor was my own style. I obtained my style from the interior decorating degree that I got at ASU. But she just gave me a weird look because a lot of the furniture had European names. And she knows I'm not European.After the movie, I decided I was going to buy something.Whatever I want to buy for my actual living space in real life, I would get it at the very end of the store. Every single piece of furniture is all packaged and ready to go in the giant warehouse. Too bad I'm not a heavy lifter. Nor do I have a big car. So make sure you come with a big car and a strong person to do the heavy lifting of your furniture.And also build it for you when you get home. Good place for furniture. Not recommended for dates who can't lift heavy things for you.
5	Who doesn't love roaming around a giant furniture store that has model set ups for every category? I surely love it.Grab yourself a bite to eat with some Swedish meatballs! Yum yum. Then cleanse your parch with a Swedish apple soda. Good eats.I've had many ikea items through out my life and I just recently went here to buy my bed frame since the one we have now is getting old and tired. Great process. There was a sheet we were able to take from a stand that contained all the information we needed next to the model of the bed frame. No need to write down those numbers with that tiny pencil and paper they provide you. They also provide a measuring tape as well.Next after trying not to grab everything you see to buy, head down to the warehouse/checkout where you get to act like a kid finding treasure. After going to your designated places that you previously listed or had papers for, go through the pleasant check out lines and head over to the Swedish food market!Grab yourself the signature one dollar vanilla cone and an apple soda for the road then head out to the loading dock! Yeah!Load your stuff up with the complimentary twine and be on your way!If you can't take your bigger stuff with you, they provide delivery as well as setup and installation.Please visit Ikea if you haven't. It's like Toys R Us for adults!
1	Let me just say that I've never been a fan of this mouse maze from the get go. Even though the furniture goes together with some relative ease, it still is something to be desired. My wife seems to like it though so this place gets one star becuase of her. Let me speak on their customer service and home delivery and installation for a moment though:We purchased some cabinets to accent our living room and scheduled home delivery and install. We paid a pretty penny for that service, too. Let the customer beware, you go by their schedule and if you try to reschedule, forget it. They called me the morning of the day that they would be arriving and being the working man I am won't be home, nor will my wife to let them in or take delivery of the cabinets. If you need to reschdule and try and call them to reschedule, they won't. Once they're scheduled its a done deal. Customer service didn't offer any options and so the cabinets will left outside (then again who knows? I sure don't know what's going to happen at this point). And I paid nearly $200 for this? You have to be kidding me! No apologies, no options, no idea what is going to happen. I'm shaking my head. Thanks a lot IKEA, I'll never shop at your store ever again. You have no customer service and it was a waste of time and money to purchase your products and services that you left me in the dark on.
5	This place is amazing! And you can't beat the prices either! Get the Swedish Meatballs!
1	Horrible. Absolutely horrible! Trying to resolve a bad situation has become even worse now. After trying to call me and attempt to deliver our already paid for furniture, IKEA now is requiring me to come back to their store and reschedule and charge me another delivery attempt fee of $129. It's their policy. What on earth?!?!?!I let them know my schedule and that I have an appointment at 8am to have my car serviced. "Oh well we can try for between 8am - 6pm." Didn't I just say that I'd be unavailable at 8am? "Well we look at what our delivery company can do and those are the times." But what about my times? I paid for this service, and am I not the customer? I guess I don't really matter and I'm not coming back. I had them pull the furniture from the back where they were holding it and loaded it up in my car, bad back and everything. It barely fit, hence the desire for home delivery. So be warned about this place. First of all if you schedule home delivery it'll cost you a pretty penny and if you have to reschedule you have to drive down to them to do so where they will charge you again. In my case another $129. If they have to store it it's an additional $10 per day surcharge. It's all in the contract that they have you sign. You go by their schedule, and won't accommodate yours. I won't be back.
5	First timer to this place. My dad and I wandered around in here, looking at everything and talking about the really good deals we saw. Dad even came away with a purchase: a can opener! They have a restaurant, a mini bistro, a play area for kids, etc here...pretty cool!We didn't go upstairs, however, so I will save that venture for another time. Saw some things I'd like to get upon future visits. The only thing I thought was weird was the whole maze and how claustrophobic each entryway seems on a packed day like today was. Guess it takes some getting used to (the maze, that is).Found the store to be really cool, however, but then again I am a nerd when it comes to some things!
4	This place is amazing. I love that there is a show room. I've even taken out of town guests here and they had a blast.I seldom walk through the showroom anymore, not because it isn't cool looking at the furniture and little lives that you can see in the rooms that are created, but it just takes forever when you just want to pick up some new guest towels.this is my $500 store. I always spent around that when I go, best intentions are thrown out the window. I can't help myself.I read some of the other reviews. I'm always a little blown away at complaints for a contract that someone signs or complaints about delivery times, if you KNOW the time table, then be there.I've gotten a broken dresser and bed side table from IKEA before, it was a pain wrestling the already open boxes into the car and then into the store, but the 90 minute wait to be seen was a bit of a stretch, its like they were working in the returns department at a snails pace. But they were good about replacing the broken pieces.I also really prefer to go during the week,  during normal business hours. This place is a MAD HOUSE on the weekend, I'm not a huge fan of "touching crowds" (where you don't have room to maneuver without touching people or constantly excusing yourself) and this happens to often on the weekends at IKEA. It won't stop me, but it is a preference.Its cool that they have a cafe, for breakfast or lunch and you can drop your potty trained kids off at the little IKEA kid spot (I don't know what they call it) for a couple of hours while you shop. (Mine are to big for this now but I most certainly have used this option in the past.) There is also a snack stand near check out and a little food store area with imports. I always get several bags of meatballs and gravy as well as multiple 6 packs of the AMAZING cinnamon buns that they have there!Don't pass up cinnamon rolls! You can buy just one if you want!
4	Really happy with my recent trip to Ikea. I bought a chair, desk, and a bookshelf. I was able to put them together myself!! I'm a big girl now! Instructions were easy enough. The actual place was pretty busy, but I didn't let that bother me. I was a woman on a mission. The guy helping with was really friendly and answered all of my questions (which were many, he probably needed a smoke break after dealing with me) and he did it with a smile. I even bought a plant to go with my neat new stuff. I'm going to be back to look at their lamps and other lighting products. I just didn't have to time on this trip. This gives me a great excuse to come back and have some meatballs!
4	This place is huge! There are some great deals, and some very cool displays for small spaces. We bought several sets of curtains here for much, much less than any other place we tried. It might seem a little too warehouse-like, but that's what it's supposed to be. I haven't tried the food, but I hear the meatballs are awesome.
5	Oh Ikea my dear friend. I love this place. Sometimes we leave with a ton, and other times we find nothing we want, but every time we have a great time! What isn't to like? You can find cheap furniture already set up. I get ideas and can play interior designer. It is a great way to kill a few hours. If you have never been, you are missing out.
3	I like this place and I hate it.  I hate the maze they put you through and how confusing the store is but sometimes they have great buys.
5	I could walk around ikea for hours. Lol. I like the child watch program they have, my kids enjoy themselves. I like looking at their showrooms to get ideas for my own decor. And I enjoy the free cup of coffee for being part of their club card. :)
2	Good furniture, I like the modern style. However its a bit ridiculous to be paying 200 dollars for a instate delivery.  On top of that they tell you the day it will be delivered in advance. That's nice ya, they also tell you someone will call you to schedule the time. Then  a machine calls you and tells you they are coming in a 5 four timeframe.. really? What about people with busy schedules. 5 hours is a big time frame
4	Love the Swedish meatballs..Its a great place to have some food and then shop...
5	There is never nothing I don't like about an IKEA store! The atmosphere is just amazing and the items are literally my favorite items from any store ever. My whole room is furnished with ikea. I will never not love ikea, it's like a home away from home.
5	I came in here to get breakfast with a friend, initially I was thinking "we're getting breakfast at a furniture store?!". She kept saying how great it was and I thought whatever I'll trust you. We walked in and went to the cafeteria. I felt like I was at some urban/chic place. After finishing the food which was surprisingly good we begin to look at furniture. It was like walking through a museum with individual cubicles of bathrooms, bedrooms, kitchens, living rooms, and sometimes a combo of all looking like a studio apartment.  We toured the place for over an hour and had a blast! Didn't even end up buying anything lol.
5	I love Ikea; I always find great prices and unique items that I can use around the house.  I have been making purchases for a friend's grand daughter who is setting out on her own.  I am currently focusing on their kitchen items (pot & pans, dishes, storage containers, knives, silverware, etc-too many to name)  are of durable quality and the prices can't be beat.  I will continue to shop there !!
4	I preface this by saying IKEA is an experience not a store, and if you go there expecting to spend less than 1 or 2 hours of your day you will be sadly mistaken.  The first time I went into an IKEA (not this one) all those years ago I had no idea what I was getting into, and after 3 hours of wandering around blindly was scared, lost, and searching frantically for the exit.  It was terrifying.  Since then, I have been back countless times and have a sincere love/hate relationship with it, of which I will share with you here.  So without further ado, grab some popcorn and get comfortable--It's a long read, but hopefully an enjoy able one!This IKEA has an extra large parking lot like all of them, so even though you may have a bit of a walk from the door, you can always find a spot.  Honestly, as crazy as Phx drivers are it's probably safer to park farther out and take the sidewalk up the middle.  You're only playing Frogger twice that way, instead of dodging every car whipping into and out of the parking spots as you walk by them.  Pro Tip: Text yourself where you parked.  Trust me on this one.This IKEA is set up like pretty much every other one we've been to.  You walk in and immediately take an escalator to the second floor, the "show room" area and cafe, assuming you have no little monsters to drop off at the play zone first.   Yes, they have their own kiddie daycare area.  The show room is full of ideas and constantly undergoing changes for new ones.  This is where you walk around and almost wish you had a small 400 square foot flat because of all the amazing ideas they give you for rooms with no room, all while thinking about their crackballs--i mean, meatballs.  Then you remember this isn't Sweden, (or Paris, or London, or NYC, or California, or anywhere else you might actually have only a 250-400 sq ft flat), and move along.  At this point I must note the sheer irony of such a large store, catering to such small homes and apartments.  They also have options for larger rooms, including my dream home library set up and always on display, for which I am currently not in a living arrangement conducive to such things.  Rude.  You also spend this entire level dodging scores of customers wandering around aimlessly, stopping in the middle of the aisles, and generally being irritating.After wandering around the show room for an indeterminate amount of time, if you're lucky, you find your way to the stairs down to the first floor.  This IKEA purgatory.  This is where you become Hamlet and ask yourself, "To meatball, or not to meatball, that is the question."   Yes, those famous IKEA meatballs are within visual (and smelling) range, and it doesn't matter if you're hungry or not.  If you've never had them you wouldn't understand.  I'm not honestly sure if that would make you lucky or unlucky either.  I've been to IKEA on more than one occasion solely for the meatballs.  I am not ashamed.  Don't get me started on the chocolate cake.  It's a slice of heaven, and though it's large enough to share you won't want to.Should you take the stairs down to the first floor, you reach what we refer to as the "Oh no, it's a maze of boxes and accessories, and the crazy people from upstairs and the parking lot are driving around shopping carts from hell" section.  I'm not joking.  Normal shopping carts have two pivoting wheels up front, and two locked position (typically forward) wheels in the back.  This allows for superb handling and control, and makes sense.  Not IKEA's shopping carts from hell.  Imagine loading potentially 100+ pounds of things you love but had no idea you needed onto a cart with 4 spinning wheels.  FOUR. SPINNING. WHEELS.  Now imagine trying to navigate it around a corner with a boatload of forward momentum (which is equal to mass times velocity), and with oddly shaped items and boxes that extend outside the boundaries of the carts in all directions.  I assure you a cart full of heavy things has plenty of momentum, which you can think of as destructive, wrecking-ball like force.  It doesn't take a Physicist to realize it's probably not gonna go in the direction you want.  Watching a T-Rex making a 90 degree turn at a full run and wiping out completely isn't an entirely inaccurate description.If you survive the parking lot Frogger, the show floor maze, the trance-inducing meatballs, and the shopping cart driving T-rexes, you then proceed to the final level of hell--the check out lines.  There are always ample cashiers and lanes, including self-checkout lanes, yet they manage to have lines out the wazoo.  Count on standing in line for at least 10-15 minutes, even if you only have 1 or 2 items.  That may be a conservative estimate.At the end, you emerge frazzled, tired, scared, and get to relive the parking lot Frogger experience on the way back to your car.  You get home, love all your stuff, and can't wait to go back for more stuff and ideas.  But mostly, probably for the meatballs.
4	I have to admit, I LOVE ikea. My husband and I's home is decorated almost completely from this store and we always get compliments from our guest! The best part, we got everything for such a great price!
2	Returns are not easy... Lots of employees talking and trying to figure out what's going on.
3	I have mixed emotions about IKEA. There's tons of options on cheaply made disposable furniture(It's not the stuff you make an investment in and pass it down to your kids), and a huge selection of inexpensive household goods, but it's of somewhat low quality and the store is gargantuan. It's nice to see the ideas on decorating and how you could set things up, though. We have gotten several pieces for kid's rooms and half the time things are missing or damaged. It's a PIA to have to drive back up there from Tucson to get the needed parts and it takes quite a bit of wait time out of your day. You can get similar self-build, particle board furniture at Walmart or Target and I would not take any chances on their kitchen remodeling products or services.
1	Having loved Ikea products forever - even ordering a few online, I was really excited to actually go to the one in a suburb of Phoenix called Tempe.  I had read reviews about wandering around the huge upstairs (where products are presented as "Living Room", Kitchen", etc.) and being sure to try their "famous" meatballs and chocolate cake (one review said serving was enough to feed two) in the restaurant (also upstairs).To be clear, the products ARE just as cool as online and in their terrific catalog, and my husband and I headed there with the intention of buying both a dining set & bed.I WILL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN.  EVER.  Here are a few reasons why:o The layout is like a labyrinth of untold twists, turns, "shortcuts" -- remember the kids' game Candyland, and the curlicue path?  Imagine it the size of a football field.o There are only room name signs.  You could wander round and round for HOURS not finding what you want.  There is one pole with a floor map on it -- they should have printed copies available to use as you walk.o There are hundreds of running and screaming children, while parents shop obliviously.o The eatery is a cafeteria, not restaurant, but that's OK.  There is no need to try their meatballs -- they're tiny and blah.  And the cake is not what I call even average size, plus is mostly mousse.o There are no clerks at all.  Anywhere.  You're totally at the mercy of the maze.o Lastly, while there is an escalator as you first enter, immediately swooping you upstairs, I couldn't figure how to get one of the almost-hidden carts up to the 2nd floor.  I saw an elevator later, which I guess is the way to take a cart.  The thing is after you've walked miles with no luck (never did find "Bedrooms") and are dying to race passed the kids & out to the parking lot, you see they only have stairs (and that elevator off to the side) to go back down.o So I'd suggest that Ikea have maps at the entry, lots and lots of signs, reminders to parents that kids stay quiet/close/walk,  and at least some clerks.And -  for me at least - I'll stick to online shopping.  It's really that bad folks, though if you had roller skates and hours to spare, you might zip around nicely.  Good luck!
5	Loveeeee this place. Sign up for ikea family card! Free coffee or tea up stairs each time you come. Plus 1 additional hour of babysitting (when it's not busy) tips about babysitting:  it can get veryyyy packed fast especially on the weekends.  Sign the kids in and then go up stairs to get food or down stairs cafe for. 50cent hotdogs!
5	What's not to love about IKEA? You can find all your inexpensive and stylish home goods in one place! You get what you pay for enough said. Don't forget to hit the AS-IS section on the bottom floor there are some gems there sometimes half the price and already assembled if you don't mine minor dings and such. The cheese pizza is surprisingly good and frozen yogurt & cinnamon rolls are always yummy.
2	IKEA has the potential to make me believe in a higher power.  Not for the reasons you may think however.  If you believe in a higher power you must also believe in his counterpart and IKEA's store is proof he exists.  Don't get me wrong I love a lot of the items they sell and I'm happy that I can get them without having to pay shipping.  But the layout of the store is beyond irritating.  They force you to look at every item in the store just to get to the part you want to, everyone walks at a ridiculously slow pace completely ignorant of your desire to walk faster.  And the check out lines are so slow.   I'm bet Walmart goes there to learn how to slow people down even more.It's highly likely I'll be back here, begrudgingly.
3	You get what you pay forI have only been to IKEA twice, it's not the best or the worst store. I like the price at IKEA, but the quality is a bit less than I like. Navagating through Ikea is like going through a maze.  Going through the store can be frustrating if your in a rush and want to get in and out. The lines are long but the employees seem to move people through fast.  IKEA doesn't have "free bags" for items you purchase, however you can purchase a bag for your item's for under a dollar. The IKEA store has a cafeteria.  The best way to "shop" at IKEA is to walk through the "displays".  Once you follow the lay out of the store, you'll end up at the IKEA restaurant. IKEA has a cafeteria type setting cafe, it's self-serve from the time you walk through the line to the time you clean up your table.   The value and quality of the food is fair at best.  IKEA's cafeteria  offers salads with grilled chicken, meatballs &cranberry sauce, wraps, fish, chicken fingers with fries, and a variety of deserts.  The deserts are good and there is a European flavor to them.  The soda fountain allows free refills.  You'll get plenty on your plate, but realize that it's not cooked to order and the food doesn't taste very fresh.The IKEA Cafe is not a bad place for lunch (you could do worse) while shopping the store.
4	The Disneyland of furniture stores!!!! Over the many years I've been coming here, I'd have to say, that in the long run, 90% of the stuff I have bought there is still working, functional, and I've certainly got my money's worth. The other 10% says, in life, you get what you pay for, and some stuff has either crapped out or malfunctioned, albeit, after I've got my use out of it. It can also be sort of a fun place to browse, get a bite to eat, and hang out. AC in the summer is cranked, so that's a bonus when it's over 100 degrees outside!
1	That's one star too many for the time it takes to assemble the furniture that too often does not  fit! I just want my life back. The life I had before starting this desk! I had no idea the time this would take and waste... No idea the hold time calling tech support was approx 60 minutes every time. This one time purchase project desk was a nightmare lasting 2 days to assemble. I needed to take it back to store so they could hammer together what doesn't work/fit, throwing the entire desk off. It's no surprise they have a network of people you must pay to assemble. Yet they don't tell you that at the time of purchase. Bad business! Now that I know this, I'll never return.... You couldn't pay me to shop here. I'm left wishing I had my life back!
5	Ikea is a wonderful place to spend a few hours. They have lots of great items you can purchase to make your home beautiful and organized. The quality has gotten alot better over the years. The only downside is you have to put the things together once at home. If you shop here alot, it should be really easy. Make sure you pick up some cinnamon rolls and a few chocolate bars on the way out. The dark chocolate is fantastic.
1	IKEA is what happens when you take Walmart, remove the customer service, and then blend in needless complexity and a treasure hunt. The fact that they herd the sheep through their maze like its a museum to the future of bad euro dorm rooms. And seriously, people are posting about their Swedish meatballs??I always loved the Muppets growing up but now find myself wanting to punch the Swedish chef is his stupid face. The nice thing is at least the check out lines are long. If you want to ask them to perform their Easter parts hunt for you, it's $40. Believe me, this is cheap as the people who work there are as annoyed as the rest of us. I saw a nice little family walk off down the aisle to get all the parts to their cheap hobby shop furniture, and could only pray for them not needing counseling when their journey comes to an end. Upon leaving the store, I had a renewed faith that we live in the greatest country in the world. A country where stores take care of you and don't have you sign all their responsibility and culpability for errors away. Stores, where if you want one thing, they don't force you through the corn maze of zombies walking aimlessly around. "Is this our socialized utopian future?" I wonder to myself. Are the pre-agreed uniforms that all alien cultures wear in sci-fi movies coming to us?  Will we be herded through stores to revel in their wares wearing our Apple like garb set by Steve Jobs?I say no to all this. Lots of stores sell build it yourself furniture without the passive aggressive way of saving the public money. If you doubt my words, simply go to Ikea and buy something. I highly suggest either cocktails or a good benzodiazepine or even better, a mix of both.
3	IKEA is IKEA. Went there to pick up something up for my wife, found the item within the first two min. and it was not at all what we though it would be so I had the fortunate privilege of being falsely imprisoned for the next ten min. as I tried to get out of the flippin place with no intent to purchase anything.I have a theory about IKEA: I hate buying furniture here, unless it is metal, no wood, their wood stuff is horrible but I would prefer to buy real furniture to begin with but the place has this undeniable allure the woman folk can't resist.
5	Let me just start out by saying that I'm a huge IKEA fan.  I've been going to IKEA since I lived in Europe and from when I was a younger back east. If you ever try to have an IKEA kitchen installed stock up on the Valium because your going to need it.
5	Loved this store!  What a vast selection of items at great prices.  The quality is fantastic for the price.  The assembly instructions have very clear pictures on them that make assembly a snap.  The only downside is that there is no IKEA in the town that I live in.  :)
3	Clean with lots of good furniture/decoration ideas. They change things up often so coming every couple months or so is typically a new experience! Some of the product are more poorly crafted than others, but essentially get the job done.
3	I love IKEA.  Went recently and had forgotten the breadth of their products.  I bought soda straws and Christmas lights--in August.  Great food, too, at reasonable prices.
4	Had a very interesting day,So the wife and I packed up all four kids and took a little road trip. We were looking for some kind of storage system. So the girls can keep all of their clothes separate. We started in Surprise and worked our-self to Tempe. Wife has never been to IKEA, last time I have visited  IKEA may have been about twenty years ago! And guess what, the store that I visited about twenty years ago, looks just like the one I visited yesterday in Tempe. Nothing has changed! When we got there, parking lot was packed. We managed to find a spot all the way in the rear of the lot. Which is OK, I need to walk more often! So we wobbled all the way to the store. The first thing you hit is the children's play house. Yes! They have a baby sitter for you!! We decided to take the posse with us, and they were well behaved. So my wife was in awe! Never seen anything like this before. Glad I was there, you can get overwhelmed with all the people, and products. Ikea has a one-way system. This is to allow you to see all of their products.After spending about three hours looking and writing down what we are interested in. We made a decision to get three wardrobe closets, but since this was a larger item that consist many other parts. We had to go down stairs to the self service area. This is were it can get frustrating! You have to find the correct aisle and bin location for each part and pull it yourself. By the time you get everything you need, get through the cashiers to pay, and then of course they have to have the snack bar right in front of the check out area! Overall we had a good time, glad I was able to take the wife here. I think she had a great time!
4	IKEA is an acronym made up of four letters: I K E A. I is for Ingvar, the first name of the founder of IKEA stores. K is for Kamprad, the last name of the founder of IKEA stores. E is for Elmtaryd, the name of the farm where Ingvar Kamprad grew up. A is for Agunnaryd, the name of the village near Kamprad's boyhood home. That's where the name IKEA came from:) I have a love/hate thing going with IKEA, but mostly love:)Cons- a few items I purchase, then get home to realize some of the pieces weren't included in the box.-the line for returns/has always been long..-sometimes, you just want to run in for one or two things, but you have to walk through a lot of the store to get to those one or two things.Love- I've always gotten very friendly helpful employees, who offer their help( I must have that lost look goin).. :)-the items are great if your decorating on the cheap.-differant, modern, fun, lamps, lights, chairs, etc. - I love the proud feeling after I put something together.( ok I know it usually just involves a nail and a screwdriver, but let me pretend!)- it's fun to walk through and check out the set up kitchens, or dining rooms etc. - I live pretty close, so if I do have items with pieces missing, it's a short drive. They also set me up for their email club, I forgot the name, but you save money on certain products.  Haven't tried the food items, but their lingonberry drink and chocolate are great! Ok IKEA , I really have no hate towards you, in fact, I'll see ya tomorrow:)
4	This ikea location is pretty good, though it's the only location in phoenix area.They have designated parking for families with children.During the week is not busy at all and easier to take your time to shop and look around.On weekends it gets pretty busy so you gotta be willing to join the herd.They have a nice little cafe area and some offerings at the checkout including $1 ice cream $.50 hot dogs and more.They also have a decent selection of packages and frozen foods that are unique and tasty.
1	I must say 8 out 10 people that it seen working the on the lower floor where great. Two men where to busy doing something else to even give a crap what you needed or help you with finding an item on there computer to locate, all I got was go there make a left to the computer department they will help... In a rude way, not nice. The top floor I did not see one worker the entire time. Hard to purchase a bedroom set with know one to answer your questions. The items that are listed in stock are not.  They need more workers I was there with my sister and mom who was in a wheel chair, you try and walk a cart a wheel chair and two furniture carts with two people, no help down the isles to help a lady load a bedroom set. Horrible... I was asked after I paid if I needed help and said no since I was not helped much my entire time at the store. Working for a large department store back in high school I get it. They need more workers maybe union works that can stand around and just answer questions and help or seniors like they have at walmart! my sister said this was her first and last time going to ikea. Out of six furniture pieces only 3 where in stock sad no free delivery on the items or something like sorry we don't have it only it will be in stock tomorrow. You feel like an animal in a line to pay and leave.Maybe if another location closer is built I'd go again, but other than that I'm going to do online shopping and purchase what they did not have in stock. This will be much less stressful and you can call and ask someone questions about a product.
1	Worst. Customer. Service. Ever. Seriously, this IKEA location is horrendous. When I moved here I had to basically furnish an entire apartment from scratch, so naturally an IKEA trip was in order. I ultimately needed to have my furniture delivered because I didn't have the right space in my car to get all my boxes home (in the past, at other locations, I've always brought home and assembled my furniture my self). It was a busy weekend so they were not able to deliver until the Monday following, which was okay because my very time-consuming school wasn't set to start until that Tuesday. Then I got a call morning of delivery saying there was an accident with the truck out for delivery and I had to reschedule my furniture drop off. Okay. Fair. An accident is a tragic, unforeseeable misfortune. No problem. How about Tuesday? No sorry, Tuesday will be overbooked (oh, you mean with the Monday deliveries you couldn't do? Like me?Okay. Fair. How about Wednesday? It just HAS to be after 4 pm because I won't be home from vet school until then. I was assured that wouldn't be a problem. Around comes Wednesday and I get a call at 12:30 saying delivery is on the way! I responded apologetically to the delivery man, but I wasn't home, couldn't be home, and told them I wouldn't be home prior. He says he's sorry and will make some calls and call me back. Fast forward and the delivery guy is outside my home, setting stuff up in the Arizona heat when I arrive. His boss had told him to leave and mark it as a missed delivery time so I could reschedule but because of my special circumstances (and this apparent lack of communication) he started to get it assembled. As I let them in, he informs me that my order is incomplete. He asked if IKEA let me know that prior. Sure didn't! He also tells me that there was a defect in my bottom dresser drawer, but they'll be back tomorrow with my other things and they can bring it then. Okay, not the end of the world. I'm annoyed none of this was communicated with me prior, but alright. Tomorrow, they said.Tomorrow came and went and they never showed (which is annoying because it keeps you confined to your home in anticipation of having to be there). I called, was on hold for FORTY MINUTES, and finally hung up. Called again and was transferred and dropped... A week goes by. So finally I showed up this past weekend. And honestly-WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER. I was in that hell-hole for 3 hours. Apparently one of my items was out of stock and they had no way to trouble shoot it. No call. No explanation. Nothing. So they said they could refund me the price of the two missing objects and I could figure it out. It was absolutely an awful experience. Fast forward again and after the horrible waste of my time trying to intelligently deal with awful employees the new delivery was set up for today (another week past, on a Saturday) and I was told to expect a delivery from 2-6 pm. Except I was awoken at 7 am uh three calls in a row with no voicemail attached of the delivery guy asking if I was ready for him to come now. Just, so unprofessional. Oh, and icing on the cake?? The drawer I said I was missing? Yeah, they sent me home with the wrong size of it. Fantastic.
5	Simplicity at its best, I have always had this thing for Scandinavian design and its clean lines. I remember going to IKEA since I was about 12 maybe, so I kind of learned how to navigate one, its kind of a no-brainer once you get the hang of it ( they have short cuts people! ) so you don't have to go trough all their sections if you don't need it.My first college room was made up entirely from IKEA furniture so it hold a place in my heart. That and the fact that its really cheap! Get a lingonberry drink please. Enjoy ;)
4	I love this place and hate it at the same time.  To go through the store and look at everything is an all day event! My feet hurt.... note to self.... wear comfortable walking shoes. Each and every piece is sold separately so make sure you have someone who can put things together for you. Overall,  IKEA has stuff at decent prices.  It's not meant to last forever but it will get the job done at a reasonable price for the basics.  And the cinnamon rolls are good. ;)
3	huge alot of inexpensive and interesting stuff the cafe has ok food you can get worn out going thru the whole place
4	The was our third visit to this location. We're big fans. We bought a few pieces of furniture (small bookcases for closets, dresser), dishware, kitchen accessories, lighting, and home decor on our visit last year and we still love everything we have. This time we didn't need so much stuff, but enjoy browsing the store anyway. We picked up some dishes, kitchen utensils, entertaining pieces, storage, dining table items, and home decor. Again, we love everything!The store is massive, so we give ourselves two hours for leisurely browsing and a light purchase. If you need to do more serious shopping, I would add another hour or two. We enjoyed looking at some of the model kitchens and other showrooms since we are checking out what we like for near-future home remodeling.Products I love: Home decor! The faux plants are very nice and look great. I love the decorative bowls and vases as well. We love the funky lighting options! We have a large one in our living room and two smaller table lamps in two of our bedrooms. The dishes are great too. Actually, we like everything. Even the kids' toys are cool! Plus, the prices are amazing!!I have not eaten at any IKEA location, however, I hear great things about the food. One day I will need to try the Swedish Meatballs.Negatives? Living 300 miles away from the closest IKEA and not having viable returning options. There were two items we would have like to exchange for a larger version, but fortunately they still work well. However, until Las Vegas gets IKEA (2016!), I will keep coming here as long as I'm in the area.
5	Never been to an IKEA before until now, it's magical! Bought an entire bed frame, mattress, desk, among other items that added up to around $300. Very happy with my purchases! And a free frozen yogurt when you sign up for the member card (which is free)
5	I can't say this enough I love love love IKEA I could spend hours and hours going up-and-down and throughout the isles of this place,  doesn't matter if you're looking for kitchen where bedroom lamp shades desk desk chairs they have it all,  would you like me I like to build things and I don't like to use instructions I like to look at the box see how it supposed to look and then just put it together, not your type of person who doesn't like to put things together this wouldn't be an idea place for you unless you're looking for small household stuff, pricing is great and the quality is excellent I've never had any problems with anything I purchased here, thing is I wish that they would build one in Tucson so I would have to keep driving up to Phoenix.
4	We spent almost a whole day here. I hate that everything is pick a part and put together.  Stuff is made of pressed wood and cardboard! Cheaply made in China....not in Sweden. Be careful what you buy. Not everything is included in the box you may need to check with a sales person if you can find one! Overall I do plan on going again for the food!
5	What is not to like? Since store opening have only had positive experience. This is truly a place you will enjoy taking friends. No one has comparable knock downfurniture in quality, price and easy assembling. Needed help with some aspect, AAA+. Depth & variety no one comes close. Usually very big equals problems. With Ikea just more options. Even their bag policy at checkout makes cents and sense. This person feels in this instance bigger is better!
4	Why I trick myself in going here on a weekend! I give myself 1 star for being ridiculous! I like looking online for what I want and then sneak into market door downstairs behind escalator. Gets me home faster and I do not have to spend all day there. Fun place to go when looking for creative inspiration and when you have lots of time to kill.It's a maze and I often feel like I can't get out once I'm in. Tons of selection quality is decent for the price.
3	This is a really fun and adventurous place to take the kids and family. The admission price is FREE and they have some tasty snacks that you can get along the way.Usually come here to get something for the Granddaughter. Prices are very reasonable and the quality is just fine for what we are expecting. You can even let let the kids run wild throughout the store. Yeah right.Came here today to pick up a Children's Table and Chair set for my little precious. Decided it was time for some other fun stuff as well. Even picked up a two tone Potty Chair for those special moments.You basically start off on the escalator up front and work your way upstairs. It is more or less a giant maze that takes you through every department known to man. There are several maps on the walls for those in a hurry or just get lost. Good Luck!Just find what you want and put in your basket. Some items are downstairs and require an aisle and bin number off the upstairs tag to pick them up. This store is perfect for those who are moving into a new place and need some stuff to fill up your empty spaces. The quality here is not the best and you will need to practice reading Hohokam petroglyphs to assemble your newly bought treasures.Service is poor to say the least. The checkout lines are long and everyone in line seems to be annoyed and frustrated. I had to return a lamp shade and had to wait thirty minutes before they even called my number. Number 9.Take your time and bring plenty of money. Recommend being fully rested and ready for a lot of crazy people. Did I mention the demonic shopping carts that are designed not to go in a straight line? SERENITY NOW!3 STARS
3	This IKEA is just like every other IKEA I've ever been to, save perhaps that I'm sure these guys pay a lot more in air conditioning than their counterparts in other cities.For the 12 of you in the world who haven't been to IKEA, just imagine a giant store full of Legos. Only the Lego sets build furniture, and instead of snapping together, you have to use obscure construction packs sold with the pieces you purchased. I've eaten here a few times (don't judge) and it's just fine. It's cheap, so you can grab a meal on your all-day furniture shopping experience. And it will take you all day. Bonus for having the kid-friendly parking on the side of the store so they don't have to brave the big parking lot. And for having a rad playplace for the kids while you shop.
3	Omg. This is a mess. Dony ever come on the weekend... the entire tiwn is out on the prowl for a deal and the cashiers have a consistent 5 person queue. I give it 3 stars because when you return something and just want a simple exchange you atill need to go back to the floor... grab the item... get back in line and buy it again. They will not just exchange it. You need to go back in line. And 5 peraon queue it takes an hour. Horrible.
1	.
5	Came on a Monday afternoon(Columbus Day): it is extra quiet in here and there aren't your usual kids running around in the aisles making shopping impossible. I love love love ikea and can spend a whole paycheck! Gotta come on a weekday
1	Buying cabinets here is the worst idea ever. They don't save you any money they take you forever to put together and they never have all the components necessary to actually get one consensus look. I would rather get hit by a car then buy and install IKEA cabinets ever again!!!!!!
1	It's important to note that this review is more about IKEA as a company, and not just this single ikea store.I'm the type of person that when I hear someone else complain about a company or service, I am like "Geez, what's their problem." But if that person feels the same way I feel right now about my experience with IKEA, I guess I should be more sympathetic.I was pre-conditioned to believe that IKEA was an amazing store from the way a lot of my friends feel about it, and with their unique products and competitive pricing. But because of previous personal experiences with someone who was obsessed with IKEA, I wanted to avoiding buying their product for my new apartment. After my uncle bought me a gift-card for their store, though, I decided it would be rude not to use it.Well after the experience I had today, my determination to stay away from their store is stronger than ever.I'm sad to say that the gift card was lost in the mail, which isn't my uncles fault or even IKEAs fault. But their handling of the situation was so far below acceptable standards, that I feel compelled to tell my story. I want to just note that it takes a lot for a company to piss me off, and I am so nice to deal with that conflicts usually don't arise.3 hours of my life was wiped out today at the IKEA store in Tempe as I tried to recover the missing gift card. I got the run-around that we all have experienced at least once in our lives. But the problem was that each time I was put on hold, the wait time was between 20 and 30 minutes. I spent about 2 hours on the phone and very little of that time was talking to a person. When I was talking to an actual human, the time was only spent being told how I CANNOT be helped.IKEA is not going to suffer losing one customer, but the way they treated this one customer is an enormous disgrace to their brand. I know if I had a company, I would want everyone that worked for me to find ways to say yes, and fix a problem. Instead, everyone today found ways to say no, did not offer up a solution, and then passed me along. Unfortunately everyone lost today. Ikea lost a customer and I lost a great place to find furniture because after my experience today, I cannot in good conscience give that company money, and have their brand in my home.Like I said, the gift card was lost in the mail. Ikea told my uncle they would contact him when they got the card back in the mail. Then they told him to go to a store. Since the closest store is 500 miles away, they told him to tell me to go to my store. Once at the store, I was told I would have to call the support line. I spent so long on hold that my phone died, and I asked to speak to the manager. The manager said there was nothing he could do, in a very rude way, then stared at me blankly as I struggled to ask what I was supposed to do. He basically told me to "find help somewhere else". After another hour on the phone (mostly on hold), IKEA did the only thing "possible" and refunded the money to my uncles credit card. Unfortunately the poor service already did it's damage.Ikea is a great store, with many cheap, useful, and fun products. But sadly due to personal negative associations, and the horrible service today, Ikea will be one of only 2 companies that I boycott. Maybe after time passes I will change my mind, but today it's set in stone.
3	If your looking for basic household items at a good value price, this place is for you. Huge store with almost anything you can think of for functional living. Love the kitchen  area with a multitude of utensils. Not expensive yet well constructed. Purchased many years ago a set of steak knives, still using today.  Stop into the dining area to try one of there Swedish specialties, such as the meatballs.
1	I called IKEA to find out if they have wheelchairs available for older shoppers.  I spent almost 5 minutes pushing phone prompts in order to get to customer service.  Once I finally got there, I was on hold for 12 minutes when I gave up and hung up the phone.  It's the little things like this that efficiency, cost savings experts that propose such cost cutting measures to replace people with phone prompts, and staff at the minimum possible in order to force people to shop online,  that makes my blood boil.  They have no clue what customer service means.
