5	Look no further.  You will not be disappointed.  Whatever you have in mind for your photo shoot, Kimberly Jarman will only make it better.  We had my daughter's senior pictures taken with Kimberly, and not only did the photos bring tears to our eyes, my daughter had so much fun doing it - and she is NOT the photo session type.  It was a fabulous experience for all of us, and Kimberly was more than accommodating to us from the first time we met, until the last picture was decided on...which took me a while!  Thank you, Kim...looking forward to more photo sessions with you.
5	This photography team is amazing.  Not only are they good at what they do, but they have fun doing it and you're guest will not mind having them around.  You and your family will be impressed with your photos and once you book with them once; I know you will again because I sure have two more times.  Thanks Kimberly and your team for your great service.
5	If you are looking for the most AMAZING photographer in the Phoenix area, look no further. After going through a long list of photographers for my sister's wedding we finally found Kim and we were so thankful that we did.  She doesn't take pictures, she captures memories (does that sound cheesy?? sorry but it's so true). Her pictures artistic and heartfelt.  She is also an amazing person.  She gets to know you and with us, fit right into our family.  When the day of the wedding came around, it was just like having another guest not an intruder.When I got my puppy I felt like a proud new parent.  So like any good mother, I made an appointment with Kim for a photo session to capture those precious puppy moments.  WOW!!! The pictures came out better than I could have ever imagined.  Check out my album, 2 of the pictures are Kim's.Like all things of quality, this shit ain't cheap! 7 photos ran me about $800 big ones.  But I'd do it again in a second.  Thanks Kim, can't wait until the next event, you will definitely be a part of it!
5	Kim Jarmin and her team are FLAWLESS.  My husband and I worked with them for our engagement photos and for our wedding and we could not be happier.  The sneak peek photos are stunning - we can't wait to see the rest of them!  We look forward to working with Kim in the future as we build a family and capture the memories!
