3	I'm a huge fan of this place, but I can never put any fast food joints better than 3 star because of the quality of the food (meaning it's a fast food place). Other than that, I've never seen a fast food Italian food spot, which is why I love this place so much. Pasta pasta pasta pretty much any kind of pasta you want, plus slammin' salads w/pizza also.....YUMMMMM!
2	It's just your typical chain-restaurant pseudo-Italian eating establishment. Nothing special. It's fast food. If you like to fill yourself up with high-sodium pasta entrees on your lunch break, this is your place. That's all I've got to say.
3	It is hit or miss with this place.I miss the good ole days before the menu changed several times.The pizza they had back in the day was so darn good!I don't like to go here with out a coupon just because I don't want to pay full price for something that just tastes OK.But with a coupon I feel better.We don't have a lot of options over here besides the Burger King (that location is terrible) and Capriotti's (which is tasty-full heaven) so it is a nice change when o a bargain.The bread sticks are unlimited if you eat inside which is a nice perk and you can get free refills on your soda.The staff is usually very friendly and helpful.
5	Me and hubby are enjoying our lunch. Thanks for great service and good food. Terrific value too.
4	I always get something good no matter what I order! Quick, easy and affordable. I'm a big fan.
2	Not the best italian food but if you're in the mood for italian and dont want to pay at a sit down restaurant, this place is a good option. Their spaghetti with "meat sauce" doesnt have that much meat. The alfredo sauce is  a bit salty, but their breadsticks are yummy.Sign up for their emails for coupons!
3	While on lunch break from work I decided to check out Fazoli's again after my first experience about six years ago at another location.Nothing has changed other than the prices going up, up and up and the flavor going down, down and down.I ordered the #8 which cost $9.79, it is Penne with Creamy Basil Chicken and a slice of pizza w/small drink. The pasta dish I did not eat because the balsamic tomatoes were just too overpowering and the pasta being the main course of my lunch I was truly disappointed. The slice of pizza was actually very good and I began thinking that I should have just ordered the two slices of pizza combo instead. Anyways, I did contact a store Supervisor later to inform of the bitter tasting pasta and she did advise it was most likely that they added too much balsamic to it which could have ruined it.She was a sweetheart and put my name in the credit book as that I may return and get a replacement meal to make up for the bad pasta dish I had. The bread sticks were tasty and flavorful!I will give them another shot as I really think I just ordered the wrong pasta dish at the wrong time!
3	Low expectations which are usually exceeded.
4	Really good spaghetti with meat sauce!Nice atmosphere, and employees are friendly. Unlimited breadsticks when dining in!I tried the new spicy marinara sauce, and it's very good!The menu has a variety of meals, including salads and flatbreads. Lots of good choices!
2	I had a coupon so stopped by for lunch. It was still to expensive. I had a Turkey Club  and a double slice of Cheese Pizza. With coupon it was still almost $11 and my pizza was burnt to hell. I couldn't even eat the pizza because all of the burnt black spots just didn't look right. The turkey sub was just okay. I can get a bigger sub from Subway that tastes better. With the right coupon I do like certain things here but they aren't consistent as far as the taste and quality of the food. There is a drive thru or you can eat inside and get free bread sticks.
1	Longest wait for food ever.  Came in and there was only one table sitting down.   Ordered food at 12:05 (kids spaghetti and a chicken parm and spaghetti).  Watched people come in for lunch and all were served before us.  The girl came to us twice with food that wasn't ours.   Finally at 1230 the guy who took our order walks by and notices our number is still on the table and no food.  I dont know if they forgot us or gave our food to someone else, but a 25 minute wait for fast food is crazy.
5	I just love this place. Very fast service! So far I have had the chicken carbonara and lasagna and peperoni pizza. They were all delicious. I love their strawberry drink.
5	Who knew drive thru fast food Italian could be so delicious! I mean the marinara is on point and the breadsticks put Olive Garden to shame. They have a strawberry Italian ice that is super refreshing and the customer service has always been great. Never a complaint. I drive 20 min to feed my craving for some Fazolis... So does my hard to please bf. This says a lot.
3	I love the baked ziti. The breadsticks cannot be beat. When I get my craving for simple pasta, this is my go to place. However, I have ordered meatballs to go as a side...And have never received them.
5	Pros:-it's fast -it's cheap-the bread sticks are bomb-the food always tastes goodCons: -the restaurant is hidden in a shopping center that's never busy. So a little hard to find from the main streets.
3	First let me give you my take on Fazoli's. Fazoli's is to Italian food, as Panda Express is to Chinese food. It may not be authentic, it's fast food, but I like it.I had the Ultimate Sampler, Fettuccine Alfredo, Meat Lasagna, Spaghetti and Penne Pasta with Meat Sauce, endless bread sticks, $6.99, with a soda and tax just over $9.I will start with the bread sticks, they were very good, by themselves or using them to sop up the left over sauce, very tasty.Lasagna, noodles with ricotta and meat sauce poured over top, Penne pasta with meat sauce poured over the top.Spaghetti with meat sauce poured over the top.Fettuccine pasta with Alfredo sauce poured over the top.If you keep in mind it's fast food, this is how you would make lasagna and the rest of the food. You have pans of sauces, pans of cooked meat (chicken, meatballs, etc) and vegetables, with boiling water to quickly cook the different pastas. Then combine them in as many combinations you can. You boil the noodles, add meat or vegetables (if the dish calls for it) and pour sauce over the top, Voila, Italian fast food.It's not going to compare to, nor intended to compete with, an authentic Italian restaurant, old family recipes, sauce cooking all day long. For what it is, it's good.They also have salads, pizza and sandwiches. The sodas are Coke genre,If you have eaten Fazoli's before, this is a nice location, with a very good staff, always checking to see if you need anything. If you haven't been to Fazoli's, I recommend you give them a try.
3	Think itialian fast food.......not amazing, not expensive, not bad. The one "must have" thing this place has is the bread sticks! Wow those are tasty little guys. Good spot to grab a quick meal of pasta or lasagna. (they have a drive through too) If you are short on time, and like my self, cant bring yourself to eat Mc Donalds or Burger king this is a great alternative but probably still not the most nutritious place in the world.
4	Since this is a fast food restaurant, I wasn't expecting something too fantastic. It was pretty decent and quick. Will go again.
1	Stopped in this place and could not get past the lack of cleanliness and the terrible odor upon entry. This location definitely needs some attention to detail and cleanliness. We decided not to eat here based on the lack of cleanliness.
5	After telling the cashier how happy I am with them, I asked why they don't have a tip jar. She politely said we don't take tips and then gave me a coupon for a free dinner.    ...?
5	Super-yummy! Super-affordable! Super-nice employees! Super-clean!I wish there were more Fazoli's!!!
3	Have not been to one of these places in a long time and I was reminded why, it is ok.  I can get way better food for the same price in a fancier place.  The choices are slim and the prices are ok for what you get.This is not a place I would hurry back to ever, but if you are in the location of this place, there are not many choices unless you drive about a mile or two down the road, this literally is the only place in there right now.  A new restaurant will be opening up at some point and this may force this place to step up their game.
4	I haven't had this in yeaarrrrsss! Still same great food. But the breadsticks are the real mvp!
1	This place is pretty bad, everything Is frozen and microwaved, stood there and watched the trainee warm up the food. And everything taste like lean cuisine meals, portions are small prices are pretty high for the quality of food
4	Awesome Italian spot, been coming for lunch for a few months. Staff always friendly. Missing my chicken Asiago melt they franchise took out tho :(
2	This used to be one of my favorite places until the last time I ordered a submarino and I found a piece of kitchen sponge in my sandwich I will try again soon because I have always had good experiences with Fazolis
