4	Twirl me, swing me, shake me, do any dance with me...that's possible in a wide ballroom dance floor right in the center of this amber, orange and red-hued Showroom...the Music, Entertainment, Dance & Lounge of Gold Coast Hotel and Casino. It has one of the best ballroom dance floors in Vegas. Invitingly sunken down on the floor and surrounded by wooden fixtures and a disco ball hanging overhead. The Showroom's Stage sits on the far end of the room before the dancefloor where local bands or visiting musical groups provide each night or afternoon's entertainment. Music varies from latest dance music to swing, jazz, latin, rock and roll, country, pop, rock favorites. Delight your musical variety accompaniment for your listening pleasure or titillate your bones to dance your latest dance moves. Show what you are known for in your dance rhythmic style. A DJ booth or live video booth is situated along the bar section where live captures of the performers on stage and the dancing crowd is transmitted over large flat screens hanging around the Showroom's walls. Bar stools and bar on one side of the Showroom services the drinking crowd by bartenders and cocktail servers in a timely manner. There is no cover charge to the Showroom unless it's for a scheduled Show. Get your dance groove going! Just dance! Or just listen, mingle or watch!http://www.goldcoastcasino.com/hotel-entertainment
4	The view from the bar, sitting on one of the bar stools is my favorite spot. I see people, every one! Every person coming and going! It's like a panoramic wide-angle view of the whole showroom. If getting seated on the chairs with tables, my sitting height (my body's not too long upward) require craning my neck to see over someone else's head before me to see the dancefloor or the stage. There is no weaving around the table and chairs or bumping into anyone and their chairs just to pass through either into the dancefloor when seated by the bar on the high bar stools. Although seating by the bar is not a favorable place for a behaved lady like me, the view of the whole showroom is impeccable. Easy for everyone to see me, too and that includes sitting at the dais by both sides of the stage. But wherever a chosen spot to sit, the Showroom is a favored place to dance in and to enjoy featured shows!
3	The Saturday night Noches Caliente Latin Dance Party features a live band and a lively and enthusiastic crowd of locals and out-of-town visitors eager to dance. The  $10 cover charge includes a drink (with limitations on what you can order) and Live Entertainment Tax. There is seating with tables on 3 sides of the dance floor with good views of both the stage and those dancing. Wear shoes with some traction. The wooden floor was a lot more slippery than expected.
4	Normally, when you go salsa dancing, drinking profusely beforehand is not a good idea. Normally I'm not in Vegas....Gold Coast was fun. Band started right at 11:00 PM and DJ played a variety of Latin styles (cumbia, merengue, bachata, etc) in between sets. Crowd was super mixed, except that......we knew we were in Vegas because I swear to you there was a table of "off duty" (quick, think of stripper synonym), um...exotic dancers. :-)For $10 you get a DJ, a band and a voucher for a free drink. That's a pretty darn good deal for a place that's just off the strip. I will warn those of you who like mixed drinks though, that both the margarita and daiquiri tasted like they were so loaded with sugar we earned an instantaneous promotion to diabetes land!
4	Where to start this review?  My hubby and I are in our early 40's, like dancing and it was around 9pm. We were looking for a place that was mellow to dance a little bit.  I don't know if mellow is the word but we stepped into an experience that was bizarre.  The band was a filipino band that caters to the elderly, filipino elderly.  I am NOT kidding you.  The average age had to be 80 but they were doing their thing.  They were ballroom dancing and line dancing to 80's and 90's hits all gussied up in spectacularly sparkly outfits and they were far better dancers than us.  It was damn entertaining!  We chuckled the whole evening and admired how spry they were.  The band was decent, the drinks were meh but the free entertainment was SO worth it!
