3	I stayed at the Hampton Inn on my recent visit to UIUC. I picked the place because of its convenient location, just a few steps from campus. Overall, I was pretty happy with the place: the rooms as nothing fancy, but they're clean enough, and a big plus: the whole hotel has free wireless internet (I hate having to pay $10 a day to go online as you do at most nicer hotels). Continental breakfast is also included, and they have a fitness room/pool (which I didn't get a chance to try). My two only complaints: the water pressure was really low in the shower. Also, it could be a little cheaper: I paid $139 a night for a standard room... a little more than I would have liked considering the quality of the rooms (although as I understand, if you are a UIUC employee, the rate is $89 a night). Nothing to write home about, but not a terrible place either.
4	When the boy and I stayed here on a recent visit to Urbana, I'll admit that I didn't have high expectations.  It's a Hampton Inn on top of campus--why would I?We got in very late, and the man at the front desk was incredibly pleasant.  He wasn't just polite...he was the kind of polite that you only seem to see in movies about people visiting hotels.  We went up to our spacious and not-tackily-decorated room, and found that the shower curtain was actually splayed out in pretty fashion.  That much is hard to explain without showing you, but it was clear that either a) someone loves their job, or b) they're trying to show that they care about appearances at the Hampton Inn.  The beds were comfortable, the shower worked fine (although it is true that the pressure could be a bit higher), there were lots of free "extras" in the room, and there wasn't too much noise (we were on the top floor...so it could be different on lower floors).  Also, they had free wifi throughout the hotel, as well as a free computer in the lobby to use if you don't have a laptop.The next morning, I was delighted to find a large continental breakfast served until 10 a.m.  We're not just talking boxes of cereal or donuts and coffee...we're also talkin' hot breakfast with waffles, meat, fruit, juices, etc.  Awesome.Frankly, I'm surprised to see less-than-stellar reviews.  I had a wonderful stay.
3	Double whammy on this guy. Another Hampton for my Hilton properties list, and unfortunately, I have to add my favorite old faithful hotel chain to the Improper Bathroom Ventilation list. The hotel is a Hampton, and all that entails. Good breakfast, my favorite hotel beds, serviceable rooms, etc. In the case of this Hampton, the lobby looks to have refreshed recently, but the rooms are a bit old. My room was a little odd, in that it might have been a two bed room, and is now a King - the only decent outlets were under the desk (so one of those lamps with the outlet built in would be nice) or behind the couch - there wasn't even one behind the nightstand. So that was kind of weird. I had the same carefully folded/fanned shower curtain as others, but alas, no bathroom ventilation. It didn't fog up too bad, but I have to add it to the list - no favoritism for the Hampton crowd. As others have commented, shower pressure could have been better, but wasn't bad. I do appreciate when Hamptons try to differentiate a little - corporate must give the franchisees a little leeway - this particular one was putting out Arnold Palmer supplies and cookies in the lobby for the afternoon check in crowd. I am an idiot, and it didn't dawn on me what was going on, so I just had some lemonade. Curses. To sum it all up, close to campus? Hilton points? Comfy bed? Free breakfast? A-OK.
3	Just a quick note to say that my last room had been updated to what I've seen in several recent Hamptons - darker wood, built in desk, and smaller closet towards the "outside wall" of the room (as opposed to near the bathroom). This is a change in the right direction, as previously, these rooms were getting pretty tired.
4	Very nice newer Hampton Inn. We were given an upgrade to a suite at check in... the Hilton Honors perk paying off there...and the extra room was very welcome. The rooms are quiet and spacious, and I like the layout of these new properties. The closet was the biggest I have ever seen in a hotel room, and the bathroom is 2 rooms, at least in the suites. The fitness center is small and barely suffices with only a treadmill, elliptical and one bike, but I managed to get a work out in both days. Breakfast is on the house at Hampton, but I usually go elsewhere, so can't comment on it. Overall a very nice, clean property, with above average service, and a good location near the U of I.
4	Friendly staff. Clean rooms. I'd stay again. Much better than sleeping on a dorm room floor.
4	This place was inexpensive, in a good location and had very friendly and helpful staff.  Rooms were clean and quiet, and the breakfast was great.
5	This place is tops.  We've had two kids go through college at UICC over a span of seven years, so know the area accommodations well.  The staff change periodically, but the Champaign Hampton Inn has been a model for excellent, friendly, responsive service. The rooms are comfortable and well-maintained, the free breakfasts are very good (and convenient), and the location could hardly be better.  The price is reasonable; you can sometimes pay less, but the quality is unmatched.Our experience here has led us when travelling elsewhere to always look first forHampton Inns; they've all been good, but this has been the best.
4	I went to U of I and visited a few times since but hadn't stayed at this hotel until March 8, with a group of teens staying there for Mock Trial. Location is great! Steps from the campus. Even though the Mock Trial was at the law school it was a short drive.Staff was quite friendly on Saturday for check-in, and they went out of their way to make sure all our rooms were on the same floor; mine wasn't quite ready but they sped it up for us. They were more than happy to give out extra keys for the kids.Rooms were clean; what you expect at a Hampton. My son and I weren't crazy about the pillows as they were small.Breakfast the next morning was ok; I've had better at this type of hotel.Lady at the front desk at check-out was not nearly as nice as the ones at check-in. Pretty surly and not willing to give us all a late checkout, even for just an hour.I'd give it 3 1/2 stars but I'll round up due to the staff at check-in.
3	We not from around here at all, hence us staying at a hotel I guess, and this hotel is fine, but without having  car it isn't really near anything but the university. We heard the breakfast spot in the parking lot was awful, so good thing this place at least gives you a pretty big hot breakfast in the morning complete with biscuits and gravy and eggs and sausage! That was definitely a perk and the 24 hour coffee and hot chocolate--we made ourselves a little fake mocha with the coffee and hot chocolate packet to take on our long walk from here over to downtown Urbana. That is the nice thing about this hotel I guess is that it is pretty much smack dab in between Urbana and Champaign, but I really wish this area had hotels placed closer to either downtown to make it a little more walking friendly. But the rooms were decently sized, the beds were comfy, our room also had a sofa in it too which was nice to have, but the heaters are a little loud and you can hear cars outside depending on what side of the building you are on (I stayed here two separate times), but all in all, for the price it is a pretty good hotel just nothing amazing.
2	This unit should be sold to comfort inn, maybe even red roof inn!  Not up to Hilton standards at all.  If you're a college kid, or need a cheap place to stay with small rooms, go for it.  The fitness room and pool are dirty, small and a tad gross too.  Badly in need of an update, this whole unit is simply not worthy of the Hilton name, or price.  It was maybe state of the art in 1989, but times have changed.  I live in hotels, with my job, this one needs help!
