3	I've come here a few times for happy hour and also with group of friends for a birthday party. The food is pretty good. I've tried steak fajitas and quasedillas among other things and they were both commendable. They have really good margaritas as well.
4	I've eaten at this Garduno's as well as a couple in Albuquerque. The food is consistently good, if not a tad overpriced for the quantity you receive. Service is usually decent, although a few times I had to ask for refills on my beverage, which is a no-no with me if you want a really good tip. The decor at all of them is very nice with a very comfortable atmosphere. The Chandler location used to have a roaming female mariachi band who were superb, but I haven't seen them for awhile.I'd recommend this restuarant, but beware the carne adobada. That was the hottest stuff I've ever tasted.
2	Aaahhh, nothing much, especially for the prices.  Eaten here twice, don't anymore because the food isn't that good for the price.
3	This place is a little over the top and the building itself is certainly impressive. Sadly the food is pretty much your average Mexican fare. Maybe they should consider investing some of the millions they have in architecture into top chefs producing amazing recipes?Good service, good food, a little overpriced.
4	I went here for the 1st time for Happy Hour with some friends from work.  $4 house margaritas are pretty good.  Happy Hour included a Mexican buffet.  Enchiladas, rice, beans, nachos, salsa.  Pretty much dinner...all very good, particularly for a free buffet!So, dinner and a couple margaritas: $8.  That works.Our waitress Shannon was great.  She was super attentive and had a great sense of humor.The atmosphere here is interesting without being fancy-schmancy.
4	Garduno's is spicy. Yeah, yeah, yeah... I know. I'm a white guy, what do I know about spicy food.  Well, I'll tell you a little secret.  I'm 1/8 Hispanic and 1/8 Native American.  That makes me an expert!I always get the Carne Adobada Burrito when I go here.  Its that one dish that stops you from venturing deeper into the menu.  You know the one.  You go to a place and say "I'm gonna try something different this time" but when you arrive, you lose all sense of bearings and before you know it you are ordering the same dish again and again.This burrito is one hot little firecracker, but don't underestimate it's punch.  It will seduce you, enter your mouth, and surprise you with a juicy slap.  Much like Big Mama's hand across your face after doing a load of dishes! Be warned!The food is great.  They finish you off with the Sopapillas with honey and it makes you all sticky with pleasure.  They are like warm, soft, billowy clouds of fluffy dough melting in your mouth.The service is meaty okra (Thanks Ron!) but it gets the job done despite its careless, and dilly-dally approach to serving.The Food: 5The Service: 3Average: 4The spiciness of the Carne Adobada is exponentially proportional to the number of times you reheat your leftovers.
4	Okay, so I have been here more than a handful of times.  This is not authentic Mexican food, but with that being said there are some good things to be eaten here, like the chicken tacos.  Just don't order the beans and rice, not that good.This place is really about a mind blowing brunch buffet!!!  it is pricey but if you are with a group, celebrating, or with your loved one it is a great place to go!  The options are a plenty, with regular breakfast items to enchiladas, fajitas, posole, menudo, made to order omelets, eggs benedict, biscuits and gravy, chicken fried steak, and it just goes on!  Also, the sweets- yum!  They have belgian waffles with all the fruit topping and extras, dessert fondue that is to die for!Chips and salsa here are great, and they have good sopapillas too!It is a wonderful Mother's Day treat or once in a while Sunday brunch outing.
4	Went here yesterday for lunch before seeing Transformers. Guess it's now called Camarones. Either way, the decor is still the same, which is great, because it's an absolutely stunning restaurant. Just beautiful!We ordered a 5-item combo ($15!!!) - who lets you do that?!We tried the chicken tacos, cheese enchiladas (with their own red/cream cheese sauce) and a chicken stuffed sopapilla. Holy hell, it was so good! The service was great - our gal was really on top of things. But really. Try the chicken sopapilla stuff. AMAZING.OH! And no split plate charge! YAY!
