5	I went to Thick Bikes today to get a simple bike to ride to work.  I was worried about going in because bike stores can be intimidating if you're not _really_ into bikes.I drove up and there was ample parking in the lot in front of the shop (Score!  How often does that happen on the south side?)  I stepped out of my car and was greeted by Dan (I think that was his name) who was friendly and helpful and not even a little condescending.  He knew what I needed and recommended a very reasonably priced bike.  He helped me pick out a rack for the back of the bike and assured me I could install it myself (though the shop would do it for $8).  All in all I was very happy with the service, and the bike seems great (though I haven't taken it on a serious ride yet).They also appeared to have some higher end bikes, road bikes and lots and lots of accessories and parts.  Also, the owner of the shop (who is a transplant from Brooklyn) does custom work etc.Welcome to Pittsburgh, Thick Bikes!
4	This place is half-hidden within a group of rowhousing, behind Pizza Sola. Hard to find, but hard to not find what you need there!They have full bikes, used bikes, parts, accessories, and friendly service. Need repair or advice? These guys know what's up, down, left and right (and wrong) with any bike issue you may have.
1	Hands-down the most vile customer service I have ever witnessed. I accompanied a friend into this establishment. He wanted to buy some wheels. He was, instead, promptly encouraged to buy a new bicycle. The salesperson then listed a number of incorrect reasons why a new bicycle would cost less than a wheelset. When my friend politely turned-down the suggestion, the salesperson then encouraged him to buy a bargain wheelset that he described as "pretty good." He was, however, unable to  tell us anything notable about the features of the wheel without googling it. It was a very poorly-made wheelset. I have worked in bike shops. I have managed bike shops. I know that contrary to what salesman may say, "unsealed" bearings have no practical advantages over "sealed" bearings (which I would like to point out are nonspecific terms). As much as I try to support local small businesses, I would rather buy a bicycle at Wal Mart than give one cent to these clowns.
2	I was initially impressed with the shop and the unusual selection of accessories available but I think the prices are rather high. I got a reasonable deal on a new bike but wanted to followup with the shop with some questions I had. Turns out the place seems to either be staffed by the owner, Chris, or one other person; multiple emails to the owner went unanswered and, when I went to the shop, Chris wasn't there and the person available couldn't help me. To be fair, I've heard very positive things about this shop from others but I just wasn't feeling the love of the store. I think there are cleaner, friendlier and certainly warmer (and I mean temperature wise) places to shop that have a better selection of stuff available in a nicer environment.
5	Love this place. Great staff. Adam helped me out a ton. Get your next bike here or get your old one services here.
5	I go here for all of my bicycle needs. They are the most knowledgable and friendly people to deal with. I bought my SE from them and they got it ready within a week. Considering how busy they were at the time (BIKE WEEK!), that's pretty decent. Today I combination locked my bike outside their shop, went to work, and called them when they opened to see if they could look at my rim and fix it. Adam, took my bike back to the mechanic and within five minutes they called me back with my options. Good folks.
5	I've purchased two different all-city brand bikes from the shop new, and taken a few other bikes in for service and always been totally satisfied with the quality of work that they have done. Thick bikes carries a lot of products geared towards commuters and is less aimed towards high end road stuff. You'll see a lot of steel bikes, some aluminum frames, and not much carbon fiber. Most of the people in the shop ride mountain bikes, so they also tend to have a good amount of mountain bike and cyclocross gear as well.  I do a lot of bike maintinance myself, and when I go there for parts and other gear, they usually have what I need in stock, which is a huge plus for me.They have a stock of refurbished used bikes at really reasonable prices in their basement which you might not notice when you head in to the shop.  It's a really good alternative to buying a used bike elsewhere since you know it's already been looked over and tuned up by a reputable shop.
5	I have pruchased four bikes from Thick over the years.  The owner really defines this bike shop. This is not a saran wrap jersey weekend warrior kind of rider place as best I can tell though they do have several bikes or that kind of rider.  They sell a lot of bikes for people who use their bikes for transportation.  Their bike selection is very good and the bikes are generally not the gazillion dollar carbon bikes you see in store windows.  I also have had my bikes serviced here and never had an issue.I can't recommend Thick highly enough if you are looking for a bike in Pittsburgh.
5	This place has excellent service. In my recent hunt for a commuter hybrid, my first stop was Thick Bikes. A friend had recommended it, and boy was he right! I went in not really sure of what I was looking for, but Chris helped me figure out what I wanted and showed me several different bikes. They didn't have anything used that was fixed up and would meet my needs properly, but I did test ride five or six new bikes over the course of about an hour, and Chris was helping me out the entire time. I did not end up purchasing here, but this is a great little place that you should definitely consider if you are in the market for a bike!
5	I had a last minute disaster with my pannier rack the day before setting off on a ride from Pittsburgh to Washington DC. Thick Bikes were amazing. They squeezed me into their schedule at the end of the day to do a custom job fitting a new rack to my road bike. They're passionate about biking, knowledgable and good fun to chat with. Cheers!
5	I've been in a bunch of bike stores over the years and I've found that you can usually get "knowledgeable" or  you can get "nice" but if you get one, don't expect the other.  I'm not the sort of stereotypical bicyclist people think about; I own no lycra, I'm kinda fat, and I'm not terribly concerned with speed.  If anybody on this planet looks like they don't belong in a bike shop, it's probably me.  To add to this, I'm also a giant pain in the ass as I'm nearly 6'3 but have a 29" inseam:  You don't want to deal with me when I come in to get fitted for a new bike.  It's going to be complicated.  Knowing this, I usually dread going into a bike store that I've never been to for the first time.  Thick pretty much put all of this unease to rest within a minute of my walking through their door when I decided to buy my latest bicycle.The staff at Thick have been great through everything:  from my initial inquiries, to fitting my bike and the subsequent supporting me through thousands of miles of crashes and other emergencies.  I've never felt pressured into buying anything, and I think I've gotten pretty honest direction whenever I've asked about products I wasn't too knowledgable about.It's also worth noting that I tend to ask a bunch of stupid questions and they have consistently dealt with all of them in a friendly and productive manner.  If you're looking for a store you can go for and buy a bike and not worry about being judged by bike nerds, this is the best store in the area without any question.  Thick Bikes is the rare intersection of "knowledgable" and "nice" that I mentioned above.  They're all really nice people and they know their stuff.   I have not regretted a single dollar I have spent here.  This is how a company should be run, and as such I will drive across the city to spend six bucks on an innertube just to make sure Thick gets the sale.
4	Great local bike shop! Adam, wow, what can your really say about him? Dedicated, knowledgable, patient, funny... Hey Adam:Don't forget to eat lunch!I bought a redline conquest there a few months ago and I love it! I wasn't sure at first but Chris looked at it against the other option I chose and said, "no question take the redline!"Their range services and merchandise are good too. If you haven't been there, stop by and if you aren't already, get cycling!
5	Went in there on Thursday, planning to simply ask some questions, get some ideas. I was pretty sure I wanted a hybrid but, overwhelmed by the vast amount of information I was seeing when doing internet research, I decided to just go talk to experts. A friend of mine pointed me to Thick Bikes and I'm glad he did. For over 2 hours, Chris helped me with showing me bikes, answering super noobish questions, letting me test drive various models, and providing zero pressure sales help. That last point was greatly appreciated because, especially when faced with an expensive purchase, the last thing I would want would be to be pressured into the wrong thing. Chris genuinely cared that I was happy with what I got, didn't try to forcefully upsell me on extras, and left me with such a positive attitude towards them that I will never go elsewhere for my bicycle needs. If you want a chill place, with super nice and knowledgeable staff, and a great selection, I don't know why you would ever consider going anywhere else.
5	I recently bought a bike from them.  They did a great job.  At that point, I was using an old department store Schwinn from when I was only a teenager.The sales lady helped me out.  She went through my options and helped find a bike that fit me well.  She also indicated which accessories are useful versus a waste of money.I do understand locks and security.  I like that Thick is explicit regarding why they don't carry cable locks.  It indicates to me that Thick is trying to help the customer and not waste our time.
5	Terrific bike shop in a terrific Southside location. I recently bought an amazing roadbike from them for a very good price. Had a minor problem with a tire, took it back to them, and they fixed it while I waited. Staff is extremely knowledgeable and friendly. Their website says it all, "Bike people doing bike stuff." I live in another part of town, but will continue to come back to Thick.
5	The people at Thick's are incredibly friendly and generous. Within less than 10 minutes they adjusted the handle bars on my bike and helped me readjust my suv bike rack so that it was on correctly. I was fully expecting to pay but he didn't charge me at all. He just offered his help and told us me come back if I needed anything else. I plan to return to buy some accessories. But in the meantime, I highly recommend this shop. Shop local people!!!!
5	My folding bike had a problem during a ride on a stop in Pittsburgh, and this was the closest shop. I got lucky because these guys were the best. Super friendly, knowledgable and they fixed my bike while I waited. Best bike shop I've been to, hands down. They had tons of bikes in stock too. I would've bought one from them if I could've.
5	Thicks is a very nice bicycle shop I bought my first fat bike there and it is wonderful the  people are awesome and they are all very patient with you. I bought a mukluk salsa there and haven't regretted it yet. Met some cool people there. No matter what kind of ridder u are they will help u. Lot and lots of products kept in stock. And to the sales lady that help me you're wonderful and thank you again.
5	I've only bought a few items here but this is the place to get the very best equipment at. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and very helpful. The bicycle line up is top-notch and if they don't have what your looking for, your looking for the wrong thing.
