4	Rolling up twenty minutes before they were due to open and mildly famished, the Incorruptible made a good impression on my heart right away by urging us to have a seat, have a beer, not sweat foolish things like "opening hours." And then I loved them again for improvising a platter for us of anything they could pull together from an as-yet-unopened kitchen, which ended up being a bunch of my favorite things, oysters, charcuterie, house roasted nuts, pickled things. They have a pretty patio but the real sweet spot for me is the square vintage lovely couch in the back, perfect for late night libations with incorrigible but probably a little bit corruptible friends.
1	Decent alcohol selection but unfortunately the bartenders don't know how to make proper cocktails and are snob enough to be rude with the clientele. Avoid if you want a good evening.
2	I'm writing this on behalf of a friend who had planned an evening there for 20 people which I was a part of. Let me start by saying that when a party is expecting 5 course and only 4 show up and the reason behind it is that the owner/chef felt he was losing out financially because 4 people from the party didn't show, is really pathetic and really bad business sense. I guess he didn't take into consideration that almost everyone ordered bottles of wine and one couple ordered bottles that were over $500. Also nothing was said about the missing course until the waiter was asked about it. Ok so they comped the drinks the host had offered the guests (around 12 or so mojitos) but the point is everyone ended up leaving hungry.Besides that the food was decent and the service was ok but I or the party planner will not be going back.
5	The last stop on our restaurant week eating extravaganza and this was by far the favourite of the four restaurants we tried. FYI we booked through opentable but the restaurant did not seem to have the reservation. Although the server and staff were extremely accommodating given this fact, I recommend reserving through their website rather than a third party like opentable just in case. The ambiance is perfect for a group setting or a romantic evening. Out of the four restaurants we tried this week, this was the first one where 2.5 hours relatively flew by and we didn't feel like we were waiting for service or the next course. I think it's because our amazing server "checked in" on us often and refilled our waters without us noticing we needed anything. The short rib and salmon tartare were amazing. I believe they're both on the regular menu so we will definitely be back to order these items again.
