4	Great place to get my graphic design projects printed. Staff is always very knowledgeable about all Adobe creative suite files. They are also very good with print jobs and paper recommendations. Very good at printing just what I had in mind. Always have great luck with Aaron.
2	(aka "CopyMax")Horrid service. I went in here to make some simple black and white copies. Having not been in a copy place in ages, I was used to a system where you request an access card to use a machine. Upon walking in there was 1 employee at a desk helping a customer and 2 in the back large print shop area. The place was otherwise empty. I stepped up the counter and waited. I made eye contact with 2 of the 3 employees. The one at the back kept shouting at the front before finally coming to help. She practically rolled my eyes when I said I would like to make some b/w copies and walked to the machine, punched in the amount and walked away. As I only needed 16 copies this didn't take long and I walked right back to the counter. But the employee had walked away. Upon noticing me some time later, she made her way back to the front and grumbled a bit and rang me up.The copies were fine. The self-service machines were in order (although it would be beneficial if they had some sort of signage about how to use them or info that you can just step right up etc.). But the employees were clearly lacking. The one with another customer - who was right up front - never said 'hello' or even said anything in the range of 'someone will be with you.' Clearly she was busy, but I've worked retail in the past. And that's not how you handle customers.
4	I had a great experience at Office Max today.  I needed a new Android Tablet.  While I usually shop online for stuff like that, I had a gift card to burn, and there appeared to be a good deal there, so I checked it out.The folks there were incredibly friendly.  My sales guy (Karl) was great to talk with, and was interested in getting me taken care of.  As an IT guy, he backed off the tech talk and helped me figure out which tablet I wanted/needed.Additionally, at check out, I was THAT GUY that had a gift card and two partial VISA gift cards to use up.  The girl at the checkout (Nina, I think) was very helpful and patient (handling my multiple apologies with grace).In the end, I walked out with what I needed and how I wanted to get it.  Happy shopper!
