4	Excellent chai, nice atmosphere, friendly staff. They seem to have some confusion when it comes to French sodas (some of the staff insists on calling them Amalphi sodas, but that's a totally different drink), but regardless of what they call them they're still good.
4	If the campus Espresso Royale and the capitol Espresso Royale were sisters, the capitol Espresso Royale would be the mature older hip sister with a day job while the campus version is the popular underaged hipster wearing whatever is cool these days and probably on WUD. I appreciate the free wireless, that they take credit cards, and plethora of seating choices.I love the selection of teas, and I do not stand by the house blend but the coffee of the day often suits my palate.  The chai is fabulous and the staff on this side of State Street is WAY friendlier.
4	Drinks: Reasonably priced and delicious. They will adjust amounts of espresso/flavor/milk/heat/whatever to suit your taste. The regular coffee comes in a variety of roasts, the mixed drinks are smooth and fabulous, they have a wide variety of teas and offer non-coffee drinks like italian sodas, french sodas (or "amalphi"...see staff comment) hot chocolate - both normal and aztec, apple cider and a small selection of canned soda and snapple.Food: Sandwiches (available cold or grilled), soup, baked goods, yogurt, fresh fruit & yogurt/granola/fruit cups. All of which are very tasty.  There is also a variety of biscotti, chocolates, mints, candies and dipping cookies.Seating: There are 4 window seats facing State St., a very plush couch with 4 matching overstuffed chairs arranged "living room" style in the front, 2 arm chairs halfway to the back, 3 arm chairs in back, and a variety of tables and chairs lined up through out. It can get a little interesting to maneuver when the place is crowded. In warmer months, they have several outdoor full height tables and chairs.Specials: They have $2 latte Wednesdays, and a variety of seasonal daily specials. Look for the calendar near the register. They also offer 2 different punch cards, 1 for drinks and 1 for sandwiches. Both of them get you a free drink after several purchases (the sandwich one does Not get you a free sandwich).Atmosphere: The lighting could be a bit brighter for my taste at night, but during the day it is very sunny. The walls are painted in darker colors giving the place a "cozy" feel. They display & sell local artists works on the walls. It changes every couple weeks or so. The music played depends on who's working. I've heard: classical, indie, religious rock, rock, metal, alternative, country rock and foreign. It also seems to vary by the time of day. If something's playing that really bugs you, they're fine with changing it.Staff: One girl is an absolute snot, very rude and not as knowledgeable about drinks as she likes to think she is. She is the reason I didn't give this place 5 stars. Once she's gone, I'll change my rating :p  All the other staff members are very easy going and friendly.Overall, the staff here is way more friendly then the snobby campus ERC staff, there is a lot more seating in a much better layout and it doesn't feel like a cave the way the campus one does. The drinks are fabulous, the food filling and delicious and good seating is plentiful. The capitol ERC is easily my favorite coffee shop.
5	Upper is not as crowded, more spacious and quieter than its lower counterpart. Same great service and drink, the edibles are better here as well as the seating.
3	Their skim vanilla latte kicks Starbuck's butt! Occasionally, I also like pick up their sandwich for lunch. It's made fresh and quite good. It's not the ideal "study cafe," though. The lighting is on the dim side (especially toward the back of the room). And the music is obnoxiously load - I think they're doing that to discourage the long stay.
5	Great drinks and great atmosphere, just like Lower ERC. If you're looking to study or want more room, Upper is definitely the place to be; even though it's only a few blocks difference, those few blocks generally represent the difference between the campus crowd and the working crowd.Their chairs are ridiculously comfy, and have claimed many of my Sunday afternoons.
4	I like coming here because they are close enough to campus to be convenient but still far enough away to get way from a lot of the undergrads.I also LOVE their soy, yerba matte latte.  It's the only place around that I've found it at and it's always good.  Their staff is pretty good, but sometimes put bad music on or simply turn the music up way to loud - which means I have to put on my ipod in order to concentrate on studying.  Here you'll find a mix of grad students and undergrads, but also other locals.  Most people have their heads in a book, but a number of people are talking too.  There are several outlets throughout the cafe and they have wifi too.The decor is pretty standard - so it's nothing special in that regard.  Interior even reminds me somewhat of Starbucks.  But I do appreciate the comfy and WELL-KEPT leather couches and chairs- clean and comfy at the same time seems hard to find in coffee shops these days.
5	I'm not a coffee snob, but I may be a coffeeshop snob.  And for that, Upper Espresso gets my full approval: Doesn't play the music too loud, supplies power strips so everyone can Facebook as much as they want, always bright and clean, pleasant employees, and Wednesdays is $2-any-size-lattes!  The baked goods aren't anything special, but can still satisfy for a reasonable price...yum.
2	relaxing, very good location.  little cramped with small tables
2	I was really dissapointed by Espresso Royale.  Granted, the only reason why I stopped in was because it began to pour rain and I really wanted to get off my feet-- otherwise I probably would have gone to a more enticing-looking coffee shop (this coffee shop doesn't really have an overt individual appeal.)I ordered a Chai Latte with Soy and it was clear that not only was there no soy, but the drink was incredibly watery and served in a really awkward shaped clear glass that resembled an Irish Beer Mug or something.  Weird.  The drink was lukewarm and had no flavor, and the lady overfilled to glass so it spilled over the brim as soon as I picke d it up.The couch was uncomfortable and there were rowdy university students sitting across from me talking loudly and using gross profanity.Bummer.
2	When I go to a coffee shop, my minimum expectation is that the coffee will be good. I ordered a Peruvian and was expecting the light citrus flavor with a nutty undertone of a freshly roasted bean. I got a burnt cigarette flavor of improperly cleaned coffee maker.
5	This is a review to inform potential customers that Espresso Royale Caffe has moved down the block on state street and is now currently located at 224 State St. The new location offers more outdoor seating with both smoking and non-smoking sections. Because the caffe was able to renovate the new location prior to opening the store is much cleaner than the old location.  The interior will seem smaller to customers of the old location, however there is approximately the same amount of seating, and because it was painted with a lighter color scheme it feels more open.  The new location also features huge front windows and plenty of lighting which makes it brighter than the old location. Great for studying!!! The menu is exactly the same at the new location as the old, with most of the same employees.  They have added a few sandwiches, which are affordable and great on the go. If you have discounted the old location or couldn't find it once it moved give the new place a shot, i don't think you will be disappointed!
1	I was on vacation at a cabin in WI with my boyfriend. We stopped in Madison for the day and stopped in at Espresso Royale to warm up and use the internet. I had what was hands down the worst hot chocolate I have ever had. It didn't even taste like chocolate. It was really light too. Maybe they forgot the chocolate? It tasted like nothing. Absolutely horrible. My boyfriend's latte was mediocre at best. I generally prefer to avoid the national coffee chains but in this case I really wish I had gone to Starbucks.
1	I miss the old ERC. This new location lacks the charm of the old one, and adds nothing of substance to replace it.Drinks: I don't know what they did to their tea, but it is no longer remotely drinkable. Their espresso is bitter more often than not, the foam for lattes & caps is loose and thin, mochas & hot cocoa need sugar added because the chocolate is barely noticeable. They've slowly declined over the years and have finally hit bottom. It's like they simply stopped caring.Food: Insultingly over priced.Seating: They crammed all their old tables and chairs into a much smaller space, making everything very cramped. There is still outdoor seating, though it's not really any different from the old place.Atmosphere: Bland and corporate. While everything is relatively clean, it completely lacks character. There are no window seats for people watching and the cushy chairs and couches didn't come along in the move. (They ended up at Cafe Zoma, which ERC owns). Basically there are no more "good seats".Staff: Nothing noteworthy. He said the minimum required and was pleasant. I had to add a bunch of cream and sugar to the latte he made to make it drinkable.It should be noted that this is not a "local" company, as they have many locations scattered across the Midwest and California.
4	Ginger dragon. 'Nuff said.The coffee is pretty good too.Come here to chat, it's a bit loud.
4	Oh and get the weird maple candy waffles!
3	Ok. I'm a bit biased.I use to go to E.R. everyday in Ann Arbor when I was at the University of Michigan. I loved the purple, green, and dark red walls.  I loved snuggling up in the super old and eclectic furniture while going over legal notes. I was buddies with the hippies throwing down espresso shots like it was nobody's business.  They would even come to my dance shows.  THIS is what a coffee house should be like.I was shocked to see the charm of E.R. completely lost in this state street location. It's small, with tables literally right next to one another. The furniture was very generic, and color palate completely sterile. Terrible interior design choice. The beverages are expensive. Aaaaand my barista gave me my ginger tea without a lid.me: Can I have a lid, please?barista: Go grab one*stares*me: Where are they?barista: at the microwave.me: Where's that?barista: Points to back of roomI found this to be a little sassy for my taste.On the plus side, the tea was really good.  They have a pretty great selection of loose leaf tea with great combos.  Will I spend $5 for a latte? Probably not.  But I might pop in there for another tea and pop right back out.
3	Tables, chairs, coffee, brown paint, a few paintings on the wall = a pretty generic coffee shop.  The drink I had wasn't bad, but there was nothing about this place that sets it apart. Everything is just kinda mediocre.In short, this place is OK if you need a coffee fix, but just know it's rather boring on the inside.
4	Coffee= Great.  Black and white cookie= great  Sandwich= YUMLittle coffee shop, big flavor.  Friendly service, variety of coffee drinks, teas, and alternate beverages.  Not a ton of room but enough for me and my laptop.I have picked up a sandwich here before and it was always fresh, on REAL bread, not the flimsy stuff.If you're looking for tons of space for you and your friends this is not the space.  Want a good cup of coffee by yourself or your bestie, then YES.
1	Let me preface this review by saying that I believe food service is at least half about customer service. That is where I think Espresso Royale falls way short.Make fun of Starbucks employees all you want, but I, for one appreciate a little friendliness with my coffee. Every time I go in to Espresso Royale in the 200 block, I feel as though I am a nuisance to the person behind the counter. She never smiles or says hello. Usually a short "what would you like?" I've tried to brush it off, but it's irritating!I like their prices, and the proximity to my work, but I think I'll seek caffeine elsewhere from now on. Lord knows there are enough coffee shops in the area...
3	As far as atmospheres go, I think this coffee shop is quaint and warm. However, the coffee was pretty good, but they didn't have sugar/milk on the side to add to your drink. I don't think I have ever been to a coffee shop that didn't have that...that's pretty standard anymore. Not to mention, the line was so long and they were so busy, I didn't feel like trying to bother them for some milk. We didn't order any food so I have no idea what that is like. Overall it's alright, but if I went back I would probably try one of the other coffee shops on the street.
5	Only place in downtown Madison to get a Spanish latte that is in par with Think's latte in NYC.  Wednesday is $2.25 latte day so keep that in mind for Concerts on the Square nights.
3	Keep your eyes peeled for the daily special! They scribble it on the little chalkboard stands that they leave in the middle of the sidewalk in front of the cafe.  So far as I know: Tuesday is two-punch day (for your punch card).Wednesday is $2 latte day.Friday is chai day.For a caffeine addict like me, everyday is coffee day. (:
4	Love love love love their Caramel Vanilla Latte. You gotta try it on Wednesday:)   $2 latte Wednesday, cannot beat it right ;D
5	Found myself walking along State St. with family from out of town. The temperature was cold, and the sky was gloomy. Decided, after my cousin had moved in the day prior, that we all needed a little perk-me-up, and headed into Espresso Royale. We were greeted by such a lovely barista, who seemed to be working alone. There were seven of us, and she was able to make our drinks speedy, but still with a certain amount of love. I had a mocha latte with soy, which was really good. My cousin opted for one of their fall specials, the Caramel Apple Cider, served warm, and it was SO GOOD! If there ever was a drink that encompassed all that is fall, that would be it.To top it off, the bill actually wasn't all too bad. Much cheaper than Staryucks.
4	I just moved here from Michigan, and my favorite coffee chain is not here in the Madison area.  I was very bummed about it till I stopped in here.While my family was here to help me move in we walked around downtown and decided to stop in here for a little warm up.  My cousin got the mocha latte with soy (he said it was great) my mom and brother got their hot chocolate which they said was amazing. I on the other hand wanted to get something a little more fall like, I got their Hot Caramel Apple Cider. Insanely good! I definitely plan on stopping in a lot more often. Royale Caffe has filled my coffee void!
4	Coffee in the morning, coffee in the evening, coffee at supper time. Ok, you get where this is going. You can have coffee anytime. Obviously I've already had too much caffeine today and Espresso Royale is contributing to that. I usually go for my favorite: small black coffee, but lately I have been treating myself to lattes because they offer almond milk.  In addition to coffee they have sandwiches, yogurt, fruit, brownies, cookies, and some candy for sale. The baristas are fast, which is nice for when I'm already 5 minutes late for work.  They also offer different deals each day of the week, such as two-punch Tuesdays. Bring in your coffee card and get two punches for your order!
