5	We just had the pool fence installed and I am so pleased with this company.  His estimate was very competitive and his product is much more resistant than the other company's that I received estimates from.  He gave a complete demonstration with the fiberglass posts and showed how they will give and bend with pressure, but the bends will not be permanent or compromise the integrity of the fencing system.  He was upfront regarding the product and what was for actual safety and what was more for money makers.  We went with some of his suggestion, and even spent a little more money than he recommended just so we would have peace of mind,  I highly recommend using his company for his honesty, integrity, and for his wonderful demeanor.  Great man and a pleasure to be around.
5	Marty provided an estimate for a removable pool fence.  These fences are made of fiberglass poles with synthetic mesh "fabric" panels.  I received several other estimates for my yard, including wrought iron.  I was looking to enclose a large pool (over 90 feet of fence) to protect my small children from pool access while maintaining some convenience of use and accessibility to the pool.  I was immediately impressed with Marty in contrast to my other estimates.  First, his price was very competitive.  Secondly, he was the ONLY person who actually looked at my pool and the deck layout and suggested an optimal fence layout.  My deck has all sorts of weird cutouts.  I originally though the fence should follow the deck line.  Every other estimator just gave me a price for what I suggested, and they never suggested something else might be better.  Marty took one look at my yard and considered my suggestion, and he politely offered an alternative layout.  I am not a pool fence professional, people!  I need someone who does this day in and day out to tell me what is ideal.  Marty did this, and now that I see the final results, his suggestions were completely spot on.During his estimate he showed me samples of the mesh fabric, the locking mechanism, and the fiber glass poles, and explained why his product is better.  For example, it is made in Florida, not China, has much stronger poles than many others out there, and has a color that will not fade.  He showed me videos and pictures of the fence in action.  He had all the information ready for me.  No one else had that level of detail in the presentation of the product.  In fact, no one else had any detail at all other than "google mesh fence and you will see some pictures."  He also suggested a cheaper, better alternative of a gate (the manual lock) rather than upselling me the more expensive self-closing gate.  When I asked how long to install, having been told by other companies I was in for a 3 week wait due to order times from the manufacturer, Marty said as early as three days - he keeps product in stock.Sure enough, 2 days after I called to tell him I wanted the fence, he was at my house installing it.  He even fought off some ridiculous mud from a leaky sprinkler system to pour some concrete for some off-deck poles and trimmed hedges back.  The fence looks great, and there were no problems.  He drilled extra holes to pin back sections (at our approval) and provided hole covers.  Seriously - another bid told me that they don't provide covers for the holes because the manufacturer doesn't provide them not in these poor economic times.  What? The point of the removable fence is to get rid of it someday, and that means capping the pole holes!  Marty left my backyard and deck clean.Marty was a great guy, very professional, and has been doing this a long time.  As he will tell you, he is not a "weekend warrior" or a fly-by-night pool fence company.  He does a lot of fences through a national name and offers great pricing and warranty.  I would highly recommend his services and product.
5	I just wanted to give an update, since it's been six months. The fence still looks great, everything functions well, and we couldn't be happier. Also, Marty installed a fence on my parents pool in Yuma, AZ. Yes - he drove all the way down there, because he will service that area. Their fence, too, also looks great, and they are very happy with it.
5	Marty came to my house gave me an estimate for the mesh removable fence with the self laching closing gate. He was very friendly, and gave me the best deal. I had previously met with other companies and Marty was by far the best out of 7 I had interviewed. My circumstances were that I needed the fence done within the a week from when I met with him. He was able to fit me in his schedule and was out here early on Saturday morning. Which we appreciated emmensly. My family and I sincerely recommend Protect-A-Child pool fencing Marty is great! Our pool has actually maintened it self cleaner then ever. Thanks a lot Marty!
5	Talk about service, Marty had our estimate done and fence up within a week!  Very happy with the layout and especially appreciated the honesty with which he approaches his work (a quality not always seen today).  He didn't try to sell us more then we needed and actually made some very helpful recommendations.  While looking we had it down to two companies and decided to go with Marty because he really helped us with our questions, how long he has been in business, the look and feel of the product and how he didn't force anything on us.We went with the composite mesh fence and love the look.  Our first priority was safety and thought we would be sacrificing the look, but after installation it looks great.  The pools are not stiff and have a little flex to them so be aware of that, but the functionality still allows for the required safety.As Marty said these fences are not designed so that you don't have to watch your children by the pool, but they are designed to give you additional time in case they do get curious.
5	Marty was incredible to work with! He did a wonderful job with our pool fence- showed up on time and the fence is fabulous! We would recommend him to anyone!
5	Review is long over due.  Marty came out to my house and did a fantastic job and saved me  a few hundred dollars as well.  Pool fence has been up for 3 months and I have zero regrets on using the fence without the self latching gate.  Would definitely use him again.
5	I just had my fence installed by Marty.  He is very professional and delivers on his promises.  He showed up at the time he stated and began his work.  We opted for the self latching gate.  Unfortunately, the gate did not arrive at the same time, but he assured us it would arrive the next day and promptly came the next day to install it.  Overall I'm very pleased with the Process and Marty is what sets this company apart!
5	Couldn't imagine having used anyone else to install our pool fence. Marty scheduled the appointments himself, was always on-time, and gave us the best price of the companies we spoke with. He installed the fence within a week of our first meeting and it was done within a morning. The fence looks great and it was a pleasure to work with him. We've already recommended him to a couple of friends!
5	I found Marty on Yelp and I'm glad I did.  His product is far superior to the other companies in town.  The poles are nearly indestructible, and when you have kids that go at 150% all the time, you can't settle for the inferior aluminum poles that the competitors offer.  Marty was punctual for every appointment and talked us through all of our options and pricing upfront.  Marty is a class-act and will definitely receive my highest recommendation for his pool fences.  When it comes to protecting your family, Marty should be your choice too.
5	Marty & Dane did a fantastic job! We could not be happier! Listen to all of his advice; he knows what he's doing.It's obvious they're professionals who know their trade and love their work.I chose Marty over others we got quotes from because he has a superior product, but after installation I am most impressed with Marty's care & concern. He went above and beyond to make sure our entire pool area is completely safe for our family.Make sure to watch the Protect-a-Child YouTube videos on post strength when you compare his product to others. When I did, it became clear to me that I was going to go with Protect-a-Child fences.
5	No complaints whatsoever. Marty and Dane did a great job. My work schedule is pretty hectic but they were able to accommodate to my early schedule. They did a great job. Fence looks great. You can tell that these guys knew what they are doing and are true professionals. I highly recommend them to anyone. Thanks again!
5	Update - after a tree fell over in my backyard and landed on a section of the fence, Marty came by the very next day to assess the damage and replaced the section that had fallen victim to the tree. What's amazing about Marty's product is that it actually held up under the weight of the tree; it just became a little stretched out after supporting 2000+ pounds for 24 hours.
5	Highly recommend!  Marty was great to work with and we are very pleased with our fence. When Marty came for the quote he spent time going over the product and different configuration options for the pool fence with our yard layout, and then gave us a very no-pressure quote. We decided right away to go with Marty and don't regret it. We also recommended him to some friends who just bought a new house and they are very happy as well.
5	It has been 3 months now, since I used Marty's services and expertise to get a fencing done, overall I am impressed. The product by itself is excellent. The product speaks for it-self, The look and feel on my backyard is unaltered, and the way it has been installed is pretty artistic as well. Marty as a person, excellent to work with and he is professional as well. He is pretty confident on his product as he is in this business from a long time now. He did stick to his commitment date and time and the best part was I didn't had to personally be available. I definitely would recommend him.
5	Marty was on time, professional and the price was great. His product looks nice-n-clean. It's seems he installed the original fence with the original owner over 15 years ago, a company and a product that has stood the test of time - 5 stars, no question!!
5	Marty just left my house. He did a great job installing the fence!  He was a pleasure to work with. When he came out to quote the job I could tell that he is very passionate about what he does and it shows in his work. I like his saying about little ones. Don't trust them and don't underestimate them!  I won't.  If you are in the market for a pool fence I highly recommend Marty.
5	Marty with Protect a Fence came out and did my pool fence today:) we are very pleased. I got three different estimates before deciding on a company. This business had the best poles for the deme with sturdy reinforcement and the best price by far! They were fast and efficient less than two hours. Highly recommended.
5	Marty is well mannered and professional at his job. He understood what I was looking for over the phone and gave me an exact quote. I have a small area leading to the pool and he installed a 24 foot fence with a door for about $600. I looked on the website before booking Marty and learned about the quality of the product vs others. He came within the time that he said he would and it took him and a helper around 1.5 hours to do the whole job. When he left the place was clean and the job done right. Thanks
5	Marty and Dane just installed our new pool fence and we are thrilled with it.  From start to finish, the whole process was great.  There were no high pressure sales techniques, no up-sells to frivolous features and no scare tactics.  Their product IS better (and therefore safer) than the others on the market.  We felt comfortable knowing that we were dealing with someone that was very experienced and knowledgeable.  The installation was quick and done with attention to detail. True professionals!
