3	Since Las Vegas is Disneyland for adults, I couldn't imagine a more appropriate bar to kick off our trip. A long row of Slurpee-style machines dispense a fruity base to mix with your choice of liquor. Upgrade to premium? Yes. Add a float? Hell ya! Have a wicked hangover the next morning? Yep.This bar is part of the outdoor Caesar's complex along the Strip, so it would be even better on a warm night, but the heat lamps worked just fine. I will never look at 7-Eleven the same way.
5	If you get as far as this bar, handily located on the way from Caesar's to Bellagio, don't stop at the bar itself but go about 20 feet south to what is described on the resort map as 'Lemonade and Hot Chocolate Stand'.The lemonade stand appears to be sponsored by Bacardi. Unlike Spanish Steps and many of the other 'outdoor' bars on the strip, they eschew low-quality slushies with their artificial colourings and excess sugar and mix real cocktails.I started with a Mojito, which was perfect in the 40+ degree heat. So good, in fact, that we went back twice more over the weekend. Others in our party enjoyed their margaritas and fruit lemonades.Each drink is hand made to order with freshly-squeezed limes, fresh mint, fresh berries and generous measures of spirits. They come in 16oz or 20oz sizes and are great value for what you get. So zero for Spanish Steps, but 5 stars for the lemonade stand!
3	A favorite stop every time Susan 1 and I are in Vegas! I can't really explain it, it's just one of the best spots to hit up in between casinos in the blazing Vegas sun. I'm not usually a blended drink girl but this place hits the spot. I've had/tried practically every drink combo here and you can't really go wrong. Bartenders are always nice and willing to give you a sample and the folks at the bar are usually friendly and talkative.
5	Do yourself a favor and skip the main bar and go to the "lemonade stand" Great mojitos freshly made and generously spiked instead of the frozen drinks that barely have any alcohol in them. The stand is a much better value. The regular mojito is good and the one with cfresh cranberries in it is to die for.
5	this is a review for Bacardi Lemonade stand only.they apparently serve the best mojitos on the strip!the rum portions in them are humongous (3 shots?) and the combination of the ingredients is just perfect.the drinks are huge and refreshing and you don't feel the alcohol in it... which is great and scary at the same time. you get drunk so easy while hiding in the shade of tent...heaven!
3	3 stars only because I was not a fan of the $12 small cup of what tasted like a virgin margarita if there is ever such a thing. Its definitely a nice place to stop by and catch a drink outdoors after being in a freezing cold casino for hours. I like the casual sitting area and the fact that they don't put away the chairs at night so you can have a seat 3am if you would like to.
3	We stopped by here to grab a refreshing drink to bat off the heat in a Nevada afternoon near Cesars palace.  Unfortunately, the tiny mango margarita left a lot to be desired and I was quite disappointed. I wish I knew about their Mojitos ahead of time.  Atleast it was a nice outdoor area to catch a breather from gambling and walking.Cheers
3	Margarita in a cup for 16 dollars? I would rather just get a Fat Tuesday........ The watermelon margarita was really good though... but I'm not sure if she added alcohol......................
4	We always try to stop here on a hot day for a cool drink. We just get mixed drinks and they are always poured generously into a large cup for the same price as small drinks in a lot of other places. Service is not too bad but in a perfect world it would be a little faster.
1	This was so bad that it has warranted my first post on Yelp. The margaritas are $12, and I'm not sure they contain alcohol in them. The margarita "slurpee" we were given was sickeningly sweet it literally sobered me up on impact. All 3 of my friends and I threw our drinks away after a couple of sips...unbearable...that's a whopping waste of $48. Do yourself a favor and DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE!
4	Giving this place a 3.5, but rounding it off to 4 stars...While my boyfriend was getting ready at our hotel, I walked down to Caesars in hopes to score some tickets for the Absinthe show. After purchasing them, I had a sudden urge to get a drink at 10 am (hey, it's Vegas), so I stopped by here since it's right next to the ticket booth. As I was waiting for him,  I got a small frozen Mojito for $13... It was good and hit the spot, however, I find this place to be ridiculously expensive, even for Vegas. But due to it's AWESOME location for people watching and viewing the Bellagio fountains, this place gets 4 stars in my book.
4	I actually want to review the little Mojito Hut across from Spanish Steps. Cuz that's where it's at. They make fresh mojitos with blackberries, lime, mint, etc... Delish! And priced right. And strong. And fabulous!
4	Spanish Steps is a cool spot to hang out over drinks on a beautiful/sunny and hot day. It's just outside the entrance to Caesars and right next to Serendipity 3. They have a good selection of Mojitos and can make them with different flavours. My mate had a few of those and he said they were pretty good. I like it. It's quite pricey yes but you should at least try one of their mojitos I reckon..
2	I hate this place. The bartender who helped us was a total assuming jerk!Spanish Steps may have a nice location on the strip, but I've been treated better.I decided to stop here with my father, so we both could have a Diet Coke, which would be followed shortly by at least one beer for myself. It was a hot Tuesday afternoon this past May, the bar was uncrowded, and there were plenty of seats.We both sit down at the bar, order the two soft drinks, and immediately the bartender proceeds to make the drinks in to-go cups. I didn't ask for the drinks to-go, nor did you ask if I wanted them to-go. My intention was to sit there out of the sun, enjoy the drink and after a couple of sips I would order a beer to accompany the soft drink, but nope, we apparently were unwelcome if we order only soft drinks.The bartender hands us our to-go drinks, which basically is like saying "here you go, now leave" and tells us it will be $8.00.WTF? I'm floored! $4.00 for a 16 ounce soft drink is outrageous!Would I be complaining if we had been served correctly, been given refills on the soft drink and felt welcomed so I would've gotten my beer- absolutely not.So we paid the tab, didn't tip the bartender a cent since clearly his level of service was on par with a fast food restaurant and walked on to another bar where I was treated right. Just a side note, but at the next bar I got another Diet Coke, but also drank three beers and on top of the 20% tip I gave on that bill I also handed the bartender the tip the idiot at Spanish Steps should've received for the $8.00 tab!So basically, Spanish Steps you can shove it!
3	I'm pretty sure I mostly threw money away for two alcoholic slurpees here, but hey, it's Vegas. Yes, you can get cheaper drinks elsewhere on the strip, but we were thirsty and it was on our way. The location is outside of Caesars and gives you a pretty good view to people watch. They also have a few TVs but they had them on infomercial channels when we were there.
4	I really like this bar. It sits outside. The bartender we had was cool. Although we didn't stay here that long we had a good experience. There were other patrons waiting around to be served. We were still catered to without being brushed off. We ordered shots of Patron Silver and the portion was a bit over for a typical shot. Even better. This is a cool place to make a quick stop at while cruising thru casinos or exploring the strip.
