5	My fave Grocery stores in Vegas! i'm reviewing markets today, so i'll say Albertsons is great. very clean, good service, nice people... the prices are a tiny bit on the high side, but i don't mind at all because its a classy store and conveniently located in just about every area of Vegas i've lived around... i totally prefer Albertsons over Smiths or Food-4-Less, though Food-4-Less has great prices - but not as clean. Yay Albertson's!!
2	This place is horrible.  There is no way to check out and I've been waiting for 15min. It's 12:30 am total BS  DO NOT SHOP AT THIS TIME.
4	When we work in town, and stay down the street at The Orleans, we usually shop here in the morning for lunch supplies.  Store is kept well stocked and very clean.  I like to shop Albertson's most anyplace I find one, it tends to be a store you can count on.
4	A good grocery store in Vegas. The place was very clean, they have a lot of selections in terms of everything, and the staff is friendly. However, it can be considered a bit on the pricier side.
4	Yesterday I went for a smog test for my car, spent about 10 minutes withs a lovely old guy, who as so bored ( I was his only client all day) he not to tell me the story of his life, no that was not that great, he learn his lessons a little to late, but I learn right in time that I can renew the registration of my car in less that two minutes! I have no idea who deserves the credit, but what a great idea this was! A DMV kiosks right inside a very popular store! Sorry I don't shop here, but I will see you again next year to renew my registration without waisting a day in line at DMV :)
4	Very good grocery store the people at this location are friendly it can be considered pricey but I always find what I am looking for and I love there fried chicken if I had that kind of money to shop here all the time this would be my go to store plus it doesn't hurt that there is a wells fargo inside so that is a plus.
4	This is my go to store. Customer Service is great but some times, the food is expired. They have great deals all the time and you no longer have to worry about having to sign up for a card, the discount is given no matter what.
4	Great store with a good meat department, very helpful wine dept., and love the soup and salad bar. I feel it's always fresh there. Not great for your everyday shopping needs, but great for your every other day shopping needs.
5	I'm a very picky eater because of my food allergies. That and the meat vendors for walmart have me on the uneasy side.. I usually get all our meat products (ground beef, rack of ribs, deli) here.They have fantastic cheese there that's very authentic to what we're used to the east coast called Stella Mozzarella. It's usually $6.99 a lb it's on sale from time to time.  Love the deli meats at this store.Love the sales they have, sometimes it's cheaper to get things here than walmart (Buy 10 for $10, etc).
3	It's a grocery store. Don't think much needs to be explained. However:1) I love coming here to get meat. They are often running buy one, get one or even buy one, get two offers on selected items. Also, towards the end of the day, many of their items go on discount in an attempt to clear their inventory. What can I say? If I am able to get a ton of chicken or like a pound and a half of bacon for under $2, count me in.2) They are doing a decent job of keeping up their craft beer selection. Yes, most stores are catching up to the craft beer trend. I have seen labels like Brooklyn Brewery, Kona and others appear here far before other comparable stores.
