3	You are going to have to negotiate some of the strangest parking lot I have ever seen in Las Vegas.  First go past the restaurant and turn near the T-Mobile store, then past that turn right.  We eat here every couple of months when we are in the mood for fish tacos.  They have the tastiest fish tacos in Vegas; hot, juicy, and crisp, with cabbage and great dressing.  I always like to add a little guacamole.  They also have burritos, tacos, and bowls; both chicken and beef.  It's all serve it your self, but the fish tacos are made freshly and they bring them to you hot.
4	This place reminded me of another Chipotle. My friend and I ordered their fish tacos. They were supposed to be the best there. We didn't get their Chipotle Ranch dressing though. The tacos were ok, with their corn exterior and cabbage/lettuce interior.Btw, the fish takes 3 minutes to cook. Everything seems to be made fresh to order. Most of the workers there didn't speak English, so another worker had to repeat and translate our preferences for the filling several times. Overall, the tacos were good. You could make them with any of their four salsas: mild (pico de gallo), medium (fresh corn salsa, green tomatillo salsa), and hot (roasted tomato & red chile). There are also other items like balsamic vinagrette, chipotle ranch, and homemade guacamole. Everything is supposedly fresh! They all looked pretty fresh and tasted fresh, so I believe it! The food is a bit pricey for what you get. The fish tacos (3) already cost about $8 with tax! Geez! I could have gotten more authentic, tastier, bigger tacos at Fausto's!We actually arrived about 5 minutes until closing, and they were able to accomodate us. What service! We felt bad, so we left in 10 after receiving our order. That's why I'm giving them 4 stars!
5	I love zabas, its one of the few places I can eat repeatedly.The chicken has this wonderful seasoning, its subtle at first, but the more you eat, the better it is.  I find the steak here to be a bit bland at times, so I save that for when I'm just looking for a little bite.They added shrimp a few months ago, omg, I don't even like seafood, shrimp, anything like that, but shrimp tacos here? Wonderful.  A very nice alternative to the beef or chicken I normally eat.I like to make my own combos, so here are some of my favorites.For breakfast I like a breakfast burrito on a wheat tortilla made with chorizo, real eggs, potatos, a teensy bit of pinto beans, and a lot of cheese.For lunch I tend to get flour tacos with chicken, a little bit of pinto beans, cheese, and cholula.  If I'm in a "different" mood, I might get a steak chesadilla, drip some cholula on it along a little bit of pinto beans on the side.  Its awesome.Many of my coworkers, like another commenter, love the fish tacos, personally I'm a bit afraid of sea food, but one day I'll take the plunge (maybe). o_0Everything here is made fresh, the chips, the guac (the fresh guac is awesome, unfortunately being allergic to onions, I have to avoid it except in small amounts), the salsas, the chicken, the beef.  Nothing comes out of a bag premade except for the tortillas!  Wow, wish I could get over there in time, I'd have some tonight. ^_^Oh, and for iced tea lovers, they use fresh brewed shrangri-la brand iced tea, which personally I find to be nonbitter and I drink without any sort of sweetener.
5	I can't believe people call this a "rip-off" of Chipotle just because they have similar business models. So do Qdoba and Cafe Rio, among others. This isn't a reason to like or dislike a restaurant, is it? Plus+++ Zaba's is locally owned and operated - something those other folks aren't.Best build-your-own-burrito in town. And those nachos are to die for! The salsas are made fresh daily and too good to be true. Wheat or flour tortillas, white or brown rice, regular or sweet potato. A great selection of made-fresh and delicious food. I could easily eat at Zaba's every day of the week.
5	Visited the Zabas in our neck of the woods last night... What was that? Did you just ask me if I wanted a Wheat Tortilla?... And brown Rice..... Hmmm Something did not seem right. The chicken breast was delicios in my warm wheat tortilla with brown rice and HOT salsa. This place was pretty good. I can see the resemblance to Chipotle when you walk in but the food beats out chipotle by far. The parking lot is a tricky one, that would be my only complaint. Great Food, comfortable atmosphere, Crappy Parking, What else can you ask for!?
5	Anytime I'm craving fresh, healthy mexican food, I head on to Zaba's. I no longer go to Chipotle! I love that Zaba's has a choice of wheat tortillas and brown rice. Last time I went to Chipotle (which was awhile ago), I don't think they had brown rice. I also like that Zaba's will add fajita veggies to your bowl at no extra charge. I'm also all about supporting local eateries vs. the chain ones.I agree with the others that parking kind of sucks there. It doesn't even connect to the shopping center with Marshall's and Target. You have to go around to the other entrances. I normally get the chicken, steak or shrimp bowls. All cooked wonderfully and seasoned well. I recently been trying the tacos which are fat tacos with the filling always falling out cause there is so much.
5	First of all I just  have to point out that Zabas, in comparison to Chipotle, wait... that's  right.. there is no comparison! Zabas  has more options to choose from, fresher food, and all around better service... I always get the Zaba Bowl with shredded beef, lettuce, potatoes, cheese, and pinto beans..(I even ventured out and got shrimp one time..also fabulous!) The friends I bring here often get the burritos and I've never heard a complaint from any of them. This location(or any of their loacations actually) has never offered any sort of bad service or lack in great food. So, if you ever come for a visit to Las Vegas.. I highly recommend stopping at Zabas!
3	It does remind me of chipotle, but has many more options. I had the fish tacos, which were pretty good and fresh! However, they didn't taste as authentic as other places I've been to. Also, it was pretty pricy - $8 for 3 tacos. :/ I had some of my sister's quesadilla, which was delish!
5	Way better than Chipotle!
4	Zabas is a great place to go when you need a quick, fresh, Mexican inspired lunch. I used to come here after classes at UNLV and grab lunch before heading home to study. Now that I'm living in the Mountain's Edge area I don't get here as often as I would like. Typically I stop in when I'm at Aaron Brothers or Nordstrom Rack. It's a little treat in the middle of my shopping Saturdays. Their style is much like that of Chipotle, but I like that it is locally owned and operated, and not a national chain. They have obviously mimicked a style of Chipotle, but hey, it works so no complaining here. The restaurant is always clean, with plenty of seating.I like to order the Grilled Chicken Salad or the Grilled Chicken Zaba Bowl. Their salsa and fixins have great flavor and are made with fresh ingredients. The guacamole is great and I love that hey have Cholula! Much better than Tapatio :)Thank you Zabas for healthy Tex-Mex style food! Yummers!oh, and you can order online now! Isn't technology neat?
3	Having grown up around hole in the wall tacquerias (with the best food in the world), I still haven't caught onto the sterile Chipotle style Mexican joints. I know I know everyone says Zabas is better than Chipotle, but it looks and feels very similar. Thankfully the menu has many more options. I opted for the fish tacos, which were tasty, but not super good. I don't know it just wasn't my thing, but I can see the allure of a stylish fast food taco joint.
4	I'll get this out of the way first - I do see the comparison to Chipotle, but I personally don't even like Chipotle but really enjoy this place! The menu is much larger than Chipotle's and has some yummy things I haven't seen other places. I'm a sucker for their pesto sauce - it's incredible. They also offer sweet potatos and regular potatos for your bowls or burritos. Their queso is pretty awesome too, we always have to get a side of it! Prices are on the high side, but the quality is great. When I'm low carbing I get a bowl with a smidgen of black beans, white meat chicken, lettuce, tomatoes, sour cream, cheese, and pesto sauce and I'm a happy camper indeed!
5	One of the few places that I can eat at on a regular bases and still keep my body in shape. Healthy food that taste great. Chipolte is an after thought after going here
5	Although I can see the comparison to the feel of Chipotle, I have to say that I'm not a huge fan of Chipotle and their limited menu, though I will admit it's been a long time since I've been there. Moving on, I'm a big fan of Zabas, and I eat here often- at one point my husband didn't even have to tell them the order, they would just know when they saw him. I usually get the shredded beef tacos or burritos, though the taquitos they've recently added to the menu are really good as well. The staff has always been really friendly, and the cost is reasonable for what you get. Highly recommended.
5	Consistently great food.  Good prices, too!
5	zabas has healthier choices to choose from. i love that brown rice, potatoes and wheat tortilla are included in their menu (unlike chipotle). both places are still so good. i prefer zabas only bc they have more options to choose from. chicken was bomb, bomb. and steak was a little tooo dry for my burrito bowl. chips don't have much of that lime taste that i like in chipotle chips.
5	Love Zaba's!!!  Quick and healthy.  I am also a Chipotle fan, but love the larger variety of items on the Zaba's menu.
4	One of the best things I can remember from high school were the numerous trips to Zaba's with friends for weekday lunch/dinner and random weekend excursions. Since going to college, whenever I'm back home, I always want Zaba's at one point during my stay.Similar to Chipotle in its menu and cafeteria-style set up, but light years better in taste, quality, and selection. Zaba's offers so many options for the health-conscious: brown rice, wheat tortillas, sweet potatoes, fajita vegetables, and a killer (as well as super fresh) green salsa. Their menu spans from the typical (carnitas, carne asada, and chicken) to the alternative (shrimp, fish, and vegetarian options). Yeah, I may have a Chipotle in Seattle. I'd rather just wait to come home and eat Zaba's.
3	It's no Chipotle, but it wasn't bad. The place is clean, the people are nice and the ability to customize your food is great. They did have more menu selections compared to Chipotle so I will go back and see if there is something more my style then their burritos... So plus one for that. Taste wise I'm a Chipotle girl.
5	Mmmmmmm.  Make your own burritos, tacos, bowls, etc. cilantro-lime rice and the steak are great!
4	Nice alternative to Chipotle. They offer whole wheat tortillas and brown rice (cant imagine healthy but tasty) and cabbage for your burrito. Had chicken, very good and with the cabbage it is huge. The fish tacos are also good. Want to try a bowl sometime.
4	Excellent. Basically Chipotle but with a larger menu and its a local chain, not a national one. The cheese dip has some kind of lime in it and my friend didn't like it, I loved it. To each his own. The burrito was fat packed and dripping with goodness. Absolutely going to become my go to for mexican, as I enjoyed this restaurant better than Chipotle and Roberto's by a large margin.
5	Zabas....your my best friend.  When anyone says they are from Vegas I always ask them "oh, do you know Zabas?".  There are hundreds of random dining places to choose from, but every time I ask about the random burrito joint 10 miles from the strip.Why? Probably because it's Home of my favorite burrito in the world...Steak, with beans, fajita, potatoes, cheese, lettuce and plenty of hot snaauce.  It is basically a Chipotle, for lack of a better reference, on steroids.  Picture good ol' Chipotle but with bigger burritos (or bowls or tacos or quesadillas) with more options for meats, fillers and sauces.  Did i mention the potatoes yet?  Sweet or fried.  Great quality all around.  Tip:  F r i e d  P o t a t o e s.  Yum. Stop reading. Go.
5	If you're anywhere close to a Zaba's, don't even think about going to Chipotle ever again.  First off, the menu is much larger than Chipotle, but with the same build-you-own style meals.  The burritos here are magical and are not overloaded with rice and beans like at Chipotle - all of the meats that I've tried are amazing, but the carnitas definitely shines above the rest.  My favorite menu item, however, are the nachos - the queso sauce is AMAZING, and well worth the clogging of my arteries.  My only complaint is that the salsas are not the best, but it's a small price to pay when everything else is so good.
4	Zabas has a great menu. Think of the freshness of Baja Fresh combined with the made to order style of Chipotle and you have Zabas. The burritos, bowls, and quesadillas are made to order right in front of you and have a authentic Mexican taste. The salsa is fresh and tasty. My only complaint is I wish they had an open salsa bar, instead I have to beg for extra salsa which they keep guarded behind the counter.Overall this place is great and everyone is pretty friendly. This is a favorite spot for lunch in our office.
5	Love love love Zabas!! It's so deliciously fresh! I usually always get the fish tacos. Those are my absolute favorite! They are so yummy! Last night I tried the surf, turf, and cluck burrito bowl. It was so delicious too! It has shrimp, chicken, and steak in it with rice, avocado, lettuce, beans, salsa. I thought it was so fantastic! My husband always gets the surf, turf, and cluck burrito. The burritos are way too huge for me. Their about as big as my arm, lol. This is one of my favorite places to eat in town. Definitely a place to try if you're looking for a good little Mexican spot!
4	Found by recommendation from my plummer, this is hidden on Eastern but so worth investigating for a quick meal in or take out for home the food is good!! Better then Chipoltle in my opinion with a better variety the portions are large and do not dissapoint staff is friendly and helpful. the guac I could eat with a spoon so delish...Try it !
3	First impressions are not always great ones. Zabas has left me shrugging my shoulders and thinking "I just don't get it". You walk in and it looks like they copied Chipotle decor and layout wise. What they didn't copy Chipotle on is offering diced potatoes, whole wheat tortillas, and did I see sweet potatoes? My burrito was made fast, but they were out of chips so no chips and guac for me. They have a weird placement for their fountain drinks and it's kind of awkward to get enough napkins that is if the multiple dispensers are even stocked which they weren't. So I grab a seat and start in on their massive burrito. And while it was good, it wasn't great. Even going back and getting their hot salsa to pour on it didn't help. And the chicken is just blah. Compare it to Chipotle where they add some minor spices to it and I found myself wishing it had a little bit more seasoning. Overall it wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything that had me jumping up and down for joy thinking I found a local alternative to Chipotle either. 3 Stars...ho-hum, I may go back and try it again or I may not. It's nothing I would make a special trip for...I've drove 110 miles one way for Chipotle more than once. I don't see Zabas getting that kind of love from me.
3	Very much like Chipotle, but I'd give Chipotle higher reviews.  Guy taking orders was not very familiar with the menu and definitely was in 'training mode' but there wasn't anyone there assisting him, so that slowed our process down.  It's not very close to where I work so I wouldn't drive that far again to go eat there.
5	It's like a Q'doba and a Chipotle had a baby, and then an American family adopted that baby. Seriously, what a great idea to have sweet potatoes and roasted potatoes as ingredient options!You go through the line like you would at a Chipotle, choose your entree type (taco, burrito, salad, etc) then choose the ingredients and sauces. If you're in the mood for a healthy version of a Q'doba burrito, get a side of the queso sauce and taste that delicious familiarity without the fast-food calories. Anyway, we had a salad with chicken and a burrito with chicken, and both were ridiculously fresh and good. I'll try the tacos next time for smaller portions, because those burritos are ENORMOUS!
5	Following the model of Chipotle and Q'doba, Zaba's offer quick fresh Mexican food in large portions.  There is one difference that I think is key though, it's locally owned and operated.  I like knowing that, especially in Vegas where everything is big flashy and commercialized.I've been to this location, and a few others around town many times.  The food is constantly fresh and affordable.  No matter if you get a bowl, burrito, salad or quesadilla you'll be happy with the result.  I understand it's not gourmet food, but for the price point, you're noting going to get more value and fresher food than from Zaba's.Support Local!
5	Very happy. Always happy. The past 3 times all was great. Great fast  fresh food.
4	Quick, tasty, fresh options.This is fast food that can be pretty healthy depending on the options you pick.This is like Subway where you can build your own taco, burrito, bowl, salad, quesadilla, nachos... whatever.You tell them what you want and what you don't want included.They have the usual chicken and beef... but you can also get shrimp and fish.So... you can put together all kinds of combinations.Plus they are quick and I can get in and out in like 10 minutes even if there's a line.Note... if you order the fish... it takes a bit longer because they cook it up fresh as its ordered.
5	Always friendly, always fast. Fish tacos are amazing (you have to wait for them to fry it but worth the wait).  Best quick Mex place in town.
2	I was very disappointed.  I really wanted to like this place, being locally owned and run, but the food was not up to par, compared to Cafe Rio or even Chipotle.  I ordered the fish salad and it was saddly breaded and flavorless.  The salad was small and unimpressive.  My wife had the fish taco's and did not like the tortilla nor the fish also.  I sadly would not repeat.
4	I love the burritos at Zabas and actually prefer them over Chipotle becuase they offer more variety, such as wheat tortillas and sweet potato. The meats are always tender and well cooked. The only negative is that they charge for little things like extra cheese and sour cream, but overall a solid burrito. Inside is clean and never too crowded.
2	I have tried to give this place the benefit of the doubt several times. The flavor of the food is good, no doubt about that. On 5-23-2013 I ate here with my son once again after approximately a year. They were short staffed, the poor guy who seemed like he was a supervisor was very nice, appologetic and worked as quickly as possible, great job there. Now for the food: WHAT A RIP OFF, they put about a tablespoon worth of chicken in my burrito. I said, "Could you spare it?' Sarcastically of course, he relented and gave me a little more. I have been in the restaurant business for many years, yes, he is entitled to a profit, however, the cost to put a generous or fair amount of chicken in the burrito is minimal. At $7 a burrito he is making a huge profit with those portions. I don't think I will go back now, I have given them enough chances. For the rest of you suckers, pay attention to what they are doing. The only reason that I gave them two stars is because they do have good tasting food. After reading some,  other reviews I wanted to add to it. In one review it was mentioned at how much he was charged for a side of sour cream, once again, they are entitled to a profit, and like myself when they first opened, I used to eat there 2 to 3 times a week and then they nickle and dime you. COME ON YOU SEE A PATRON IN YOUR ESTABLISHMENT MORE THAN A FEW TIMES A WEEK, TAKE CARE OF THEM. WATCH FARRELL'S OLD TRAINING VIDEO CALLED, "GIVE EM THE PICKLE"
3	I am going to give this place only 3 stars.  The reason is I went in today and ordered a Vegetarian bowl and the people behind the counter had NO IDEA what that meant.  They did not know that it included guacamole and tried to charge me for it.  Even though they have fajita vegetables, (bell peppers & onions), apparently this is NOT included in the Vegetarian Bowl at this place and they want to charge extra.  So, I guess a Vegetarian bowl in their eyes is the same as any other item but without meat.  The menu even specifies guacamole is included but they are clueless.  If the vegetarian items do not include any and all vegetables they have available, I DO NOT see the point in visiting this place again.  There are a lot of competitors who will give you what you desire without question.Hopefully someone in management will read this and respond, otherwise I DO NOT RECOMMEND this place for Vegetarians.
5	I love this place. So many more options than chipotle or other burrito joints. I love chipotle ranch!!!!!My only negative comment is that these need to be in California! I get Zabas every time I come to Vegas. Cannot complain.
3	This is like one of the school cafeteria places, where there behind the glass, and they ask you what you want.  Well I got a salad, with shrimp.  My problem with this is, I think almost 10.00 for a salad is wayyyyyy over priced.  It was good, but I doubt it if I ever come back.  Unless someone else is paying for it.
4	So good that I eat all my leftovers from Zaba's every time. Very large portions and delicious, even the next day. The cilantro pesto is the kicker! I could eat that on anything!
5	I love this place!!! This is a hidden gem in the plethora of fast food options around the area. They have fantastic toppings like sweet potatoes, and some very yummy dressings. If you're in need of something quick and you're in the mood for Mexican forget chipotle - go here!!
4	Great food helpful staff except the woman that clearly speaks no English trying to make food and take orders...would have given 5 stars but she just ruins the experience by having to point at what you want....work here, speak English!  The rest of staff is just as good as the food...Awesome!
3	After a long drive from CA to Vegas, we needed food fast!Eastern Ave is an easy off the highway stop before getting into the mess of the strip.I saw Zaba's is a local Chipotle style chain so we stopped here.Were there not so many restaurants like this by now I would likely give 4 stars but most places are just better than Zaba'sSure, they  have two kinds of potatoes you can add to your bowl/burrito/taco/salad but the rest is standard and nothing really stood out in taste.Take that back, the Cilantro Pesto I put on my salad was AMAZING!!!The rest, boring.Nothing was really warm, I like my food piping hot.I had the salad with everything except for meat, it was fine, all due to the pesto.The man had the burrito, didn't say much, I'm assuming fine, not stellar.My son had the kids quesadilla with potatoes, super cheap at $2.99.Service a bit lacking as no one really understood much english, but the place was clean and spacious.$17 for lunch for 3 is great, but I don't think I would bother to come back, there is too much good food in the area.
1	The lady serving was very* rude. I had to keep saying a little bit more please. Her  serving portion was very off. & when I asked for more cheese I was charged extra which I didn't realize til I got home. Should have stuck to chipotle. Never coming again .
3	I am giving 3 stars, not on a food experience I had, but to praise Douglas Bolle, founder and CEO of Zabas I had sent an email with concerns I had with my last experience with Zabas at this location. Not only did I get a prompt personal reply, but Douglas asked me to call and talk to him. I was so impressed that he took the time to find out my concerns, and we had a great conversation about fast food. He took the time to personally address the issues. I see only good coming out of this. I was offered a coupon which I declined, his interest in his establishment was worth more than a coupon for free food
2	Good, but not great.  The idea is not new, nor is it executed as well as Chipotle or Qdoba.  Both are better.  Maybe we went on an off night, but I wasn't really impressed. The people working acted like it was their first day on the job.  Maybe it was.  I thought it was OK, but my wife literally hated it.  :(
1	If I could give less then 1 star I would. I got the chicken Zaba bowl to go on my lunch break, only to discover a red roach in the chicken, this after I ate half the bowl. I took it back to the manager who, after looking at it for a solid minute, told me over & over it was a chili as he tore it up in his hands. It definitely was not a chili. I have uploaded a photo for people to make their own conclusion. Everyone I've shown agrees with it being a bug. I'm so disgusted, I will NEVER eat there again. So gross!
4	The food is solid and the people are generally quite friendly. It's like a local (Las Vegas-based) version of Chipotle, but with seafood options. I generally go in when I have complete disregard for my cholesterol and order up 3 shrimp tacos loaded with rice, potato, sour cream, chipotle ranch, and cheese. Try 'em up that way and you'll be in what Guy Fieri calls "Flavortown".Just kidding. You'll still be in Henderson. But the tacos are delicious.
4	I went here for the first time the other day since I've heard such good things about it. I've been told it's a lot like Chipotle. I got a chicken bowl with guac. It was pretty good and easily comparable to Chipotle as far as taste. I like that they had a lot more options to choose from. Next time I'm gonna have to try their other menu options, but so far, I enjoyed my meal from here!
5	I remember back in the day when this location first opened. We're talking a few years back. There was this awesome manager there that comped my meal every time I brought in a new customer, as I insisted they'd like it better than Chipotle. They always agreed.They are still doing a great job here and I come whenever I get the chance. Food is amazing and fresh. I noticed a fixed menu here that I haven't seen before. Have to try their veggie burrito. I am so used to building my own.
5	I lived in Vegas 9 years ago and frequented the Durango Zaba's as I worked in the same plaza. It was always amazing and the service was always wonderful. I also went to the Eastern and W. Flamingo locations on trips to visit. They were just as great. Now that we've moved back, that's all I can think about. People like to compare them to Q'doba and Chipolte... But there's no comparison for me. While in Michigan we frequented Q'doba because Chipolte does nothing for us. But now that we can eat at Zaba's, that will be our only option. Chicken bowl is wonderful and fish tacos amazing.
1	Out of business.
5	New location opening at Maryland Parkway and Silverado Ranch on November 1st! Can't wait! Have missed their food!Revised December 30, 2014: Location opening in February according to Zaba's via Facebook message.
