3	This was my second visit to the Las Vegas Farmer's market at the Bruce Trent Park.  There were several vendors missing since my last visit - most notably - Bon Breads.  I guess with the heat of the summer, some of the vendors are staying away from this late afternoon/evening market and going to the new market at Tivoli Village.I'd give the Market 4 stars if it weren't for the drop in vendors. The vendors there today had some nice things, but I was looking for bread.
4	This is the closest farmers market to us, but our schedule doesn't allow us to be able to go. It was nice to have a chance. We were at the farmers market in Gardens Park the day prior and this seemed like there was a few more vendors here. There was two produce stands and we got vegetables from both. One produce stand in particular had varieties of eggplant I've never seen. We were excited to try one of each and they were only $1.50 for two of them. Their prices are great! The other stand was Van Dyke and we decided to grab a few more things to make a nice rattatouille for dinner. We also stopped at Sugars bakery and got a pumpkin spice loaf with white chocolate and it was noms. Too bad I rarely get to attend these things. It's pleasant and a good example of good things come in small packages. Hopefully it just grows and grows from here.
3	Las Vegas area markets are scattered around town all week for a reason. You do not go driving through traffic from one end to the other just to shop at them. Wait til there is one near you and stick to that!Exploring local markets as a visitor I made it up to this market from the south side of town. I was delighted to find Dolores from Sandy Valley there. Her first year in market farming, this woman has fresh and affordable local product in the form of greens, cukes, chiles, beans and more. I'm a huge fan of her and she makes the market for me. Additionally the couple coming from Dinuba/Fresno has some nice variety to add. I got a huge amount of chestnuts from them in recent weeks at an affordable price. Looking forward to enjoying these through the holiday season.Small and sparse on veggies but you can come away with enough to satisfy for a Weds afternoon market. Glad it is there.
3	I try to support local businesses and farmers as much as I can.  Thus, I stop by this Farmer's Market almost every Wednesday, particularly when the weather is nice because the kids can also release some energy on the playground.  Lately there have only been 2 fruit and veggie vendors.  But, I am at least able to get the freshly harvested seasonal fruits, and my weekly staples of kale and zucchini.  Unfortunately, they aren't organic in the FDA approved definition, but they don't use sprays or chemicals and haven't for a number of years.  The rest of the booths are various crafts, kettle corn, baked goods, homemade salsas, candles, homemade salad dressings (YUM!), dog treats, and my kids' new favorite vendor that sells pudding.  Of course, Winder Farms is there as well, and I quickly walk past them.  I miss seeing the Snow Ono truck around, but for now there is another shaved ice truck that is filling that void. While the weather is nice, come check it out.  Bring a blanket to lay on the grass, grab a snack, purchase some strawberries, and people watch.
5	the famers market is good - needs more vendors.  I loved the Sorrelle Italian salad dressing from the 2 ladies at the Bruce Trent Farmers Market.  I will definitely buy it again and worth the $6 for a bottle.  They make it fresh and it tastes it.  I also bought a bag of assorted vegetables and fruit for $15 at another vendor.  The veggies stayed fresh for 2 weeks and I loved the selection included.  wish the market would open a little earlier around 1pm.
5	The only complaint: Vegas summer heat.But that is not their fault.Love the vegan tacos. They have a playground and the small water play area for kids. The park does have sand instead of foam, kinda not cool.Best frozen ice cups with great flavors.And it's from 4-8 which is cool to snack at a few booths for dinner while listening to a live jazz band.
1	Okay now Thanksgiving has come and gone for 2014. I really love fresh pressed apple cider. Not that stuff they call cider in the supermarkets. That still looks and taste like apple juice. The only place I could find pressed cider was at Walmart. Now they do not have anymore. Does anyone know where I can buy fresh pressed cider in Las Vegas ? I have tried to figure out when Gilcrease farm is open. But no luck with that because of their weird hours. And it looks like they are closed for the holiday during December. This would be the perfect time of the year for them to sell their fresh pressed cider. If anyone has any info where it's sold I'd be greatful. Happy Holidays to all.
