5	This review is for BBQ at the Cypress Street Marketplace in Caesar's Palace.  My fiancee and I felt like BBQ, so we decided to eat at BBQ.  I ordered the beef brisket, and my fiancee ordered the pulled pork.  For sides, we got mashed potatoes and macaroni and cheese.  To my surprise, the food was moist and very tender.  Be sure to eat it with the BBQ sauce.  The mashed potatoes were very good, but I can't say the same for the mac and cheese.  It was bland and unflavored.  Still, that didn't influence me from giving this place a perfect rating.  The service was excellent, and they answered all of our questions with a smile.  It's about $12 for each person, which includes a side and a drink.  This is a nice alternative to the fancy and casual restaurants in Las Vegas. Enjoy.
3	In all my visits to Caesars Palace, I have never known there to a food court until now!  It's an expensive one though, that's for sure!  They offer things like lobster chowder, fish and chips, salads that cost $10, wraps, turkey, pizza, sandwiches, and a coffee shop.  The only real value is the self service soda machine so you can get your own free refills of soda or lemonade.The cheapest thing is probably a cup of lobster or clam chowder.  Everything else is very over-priced and I wouldn't recommend taking your young children here.  (Of course, if you're comparing this to the other restaurants at Caesars, then I guess you would say it's a better deal.)While this food court is like any other food court in a mall where you order your food and find yourself a table, the clean-up people here actually ask if there's anything else you need.  And they'll bus your tables for you too.  Whether they make any tips from this or not is another question.They advertise the marketplace as a 'Napa-Style Picnic in the Park.'
2	Cypress Street Marketplace is a little food court in Caesar's near the entrance to the Forum Shops.I ordered the hot turkey sandwich at Hand Carved and the menu description sounded delicious. I was very disappointed. The turkey was dry and all of the promised flavors were barely there. Oh, and it cost $9.I ordered the fish and chips and the lobster chowder at Lobster Chowder. They should actually call it lobster-flavored chowder. The actual lobster pieces were miniscule, but the flavor of the soup was good. The portion size of the fish and chips was actually good but the fish wasn't very crispy.A friend ordered the chow mein at the wok place and it cost $10 for one of those little chinese take-out boxes. He was very diappointed.I am not surprised it was so easy to find a seat here.
3	Had a slice of pizza there and some chickenwings. The service was pretty slow and prices high but the food was ok and I was really hungry. Met a friend here for a late dinner/snack. They close kinda early for Las Vegas though...
1	The look of this place is good.  Nice...new...expensive...but we were thinking we could swing it.  They offer burgers, wraps, "deli" sandwiches, salads, pizza and some semi asian inspired fast food.  Burger sounded great...walked over...."The wait for a burger is about 25 minutes, ma'am."  Nevermind.  Walk over to wrap line.  Stand in that line for the 25 minutes I could have waited for the burger I really wanted.  Whatever.  10 minutes after ordering I got my wrap and attempted to eat it.  (Jerk chicken, pickled onions, spicey rice, black beans).  Umm....tasted ALRIGHT...not worth $10.  Ate half.  Couldn't finish.  About 5 hours later I was sick to my stomach and laying in bed for hours.  The two friends that went with me (one had a Mediterranean Wrap..the other, onion rings)...same story about 5 hours later.  One was puking her brains out.  Not a good sign.  I won't be back.PS On these additional yelp survey questions...can I answer "nothing" under "Good For"???
1	Sometimes you want a quick lunch that doesn't cost $15+.. sometimes you want some reliable food with the quality level of say Mcdonalds or a Subway.. this place is NONE of these things. It's slow, it's expensive, and the quality sucks. F you Caesar's for not putting a food court in the mall either.. seriously.. they screw you into eating their over priced crap. Pay a few bucks more (at least at lunch time) and eat at Mesa.. it's worth the splurge and you won't walk away feeling jipped.
3	Definitely not gourmet, but a good place to stop if you want a quick bite that won't break your wallet. This Caesar's "food court" has a variety of different choices, but I recommend heading directly to "Slice" for one of the biggest pieces of pizza $5 can buy. If you want to add a soda or even a beer, they've got some combo options, and the price is right for the yumminess. Besides, a big, greasy slice of pizza is just what you need to soak up all the alcohol you're consuming. And if you need more of the hard stuff, Slice also has a bar right next to the counter. Just open up the gate and go on through. It's got my recommendation for being one of the only decent "fast food" places on the strip.
1	Not worth it.  We tried a few of the different places at this food court, and each time the food is really disappointing and expensive.  Not to mention the drinks!  A soda is $3.55!  Also on two occasions - the cashiers overcharged me.  Stay away - it's even better just to eat at Planet Hollywood down in the Forum Shops.
3	This is a good budget-eating place if you gamble away most of your money. It's a food court, but not as cheap as the ones you find in malls. Ofcourse, the food is little bit better than that. I do frequent this place if I'm here longer than the customary holiday weekends. The line here can be slow moving at times. Even after I placed my order, I've had to wait several minutes longer than I envisioned.
1	This place is awful, the service is so slow. Coming frmo NYC I expected a deli to be rather fast. Instead it took over 10 mins for them to make my sandwich. The Tuna did not taste fresh and the sandwiches were expensive. For the same price I probably could have had a nice sit down meal.They really need to improve this food court, especially the delivery time. This was the first and last time I ever ate at a food court in Vegas. I rather just have the olives of my martini if i'm looking for a quick bite,
1	One of the worst tasting and most expensive non-gourmet pizzas I have ever had.  About $5 for a decent sized slice and after one I was still hungry but couldn't do a second one, it was just too greasy and bad.
1	We had the sushi in the food court and it was inedible. The tuna smelled like they got it from a can and the rice the most disgusting rice I've ever eaten. My wife got the noodle soup and it was better but not exactly good. I should have demanded my money back but I didn't want to wait in line to do so. If the sushi was any indication of the rest of the food here, avoid it at all costs.
2	I had a hot turkey sandwich. It was very good and the roll was nice and fresh. The service was not at all what I was expecting. But the whole Caesars complex was a downer.
3	Considering what this place is, I think it's one of the better places to get a snack at Caesars. I actually came here instead of eating somewhere at my hotel (bellagio) because it's a little cheaper and more convenient. The people saying the service is bad and slow are right though. It took more than ten minutes to get my burger and fries.My wife was almost finished with her orange chicken before my burger came out. But for some reason, I feel like it's only that place that takes forever.The salad / pizza place is pretty cool too because near where the line starts is a little station with salad cards where you check off boxes to say what you want. This was a neat idea especially because I don't like salads and there's usually one element in them that I hate. This way I get a simple salad with none of those gross bitter greens. While it does take forever and it's overpriced, it's still a good place to get a quick bite to eat before braving the Forum Shops.
2	We needed a quick dinner in order catch a show or something. My memory is a bit fuzzy. BUT, I do remember paying $10 for two slices of pizza and a soda. The slices were small, greasy and had obviously been sitting in the glass heat locker a long while.
1	Overpriced. Got the orders mixed up.
5	This is for Bar BQ. First of all, I think its cute that there's a food court in a casino area! And it has a cute theme going on!I'm a sucker for baked potatoes so when I saw shredded pork stuffed baked potatoes, I just HAD to have one! Over much debate, my husband talked me into getting the Brisket one instead.OHMYGOSH.The BEST baked potato I EVER had! It was so good I had to go back for dinner, seriously. It was amazing. I hate that I'm back in CA now and I cant have another one!The service was nice, the food was prepared quickly too! I also like how there's workers in that area that clean off the table for you (all trash is recycled!) and refill your drinks for you!
3	This review is for the burger counter at Cypress Street:(see pic)On the recommendation of Todd Williams, chef at Bradley Ogden next door, I tried this food court burger. A substantial cooked to order patty likes atop a red onion slice, bloody tomato, chopped lettuce, thick pickle slice, ketchup & mustard on a toasted eggy bun, all in a classic paper sleeve to hold the massive creation together. While the meat itself is nothing special, the whole package--with good hot crispy fries--satisfies at under $10 bucks.
2	Wouldn't you think Caesar's Palace could serve a decent Caesar's Salad? I mean c'mon, a lousy Caesar's Salad. So have you ever noticed how embarrassed the other casino hotels are about having food courts for the proletariat? When you go to, like, the Venetian, it's hidden away on a second floor. At the Bellagio, you barely notice it. Give Caesar's credit that they put theirs front and center in the casino right near the Colosseum's main entrance doors. Hell, I didn't even know the place had a name, but this is where Jamie W. sat as the non-gambling porkers we are and ate a quickie meal before both Cher and Bette Midler. Now I never find anything all that appetizing among the international chain of kiosks, but before Bette, I decided to try the Shrimp Caesar's Salad at one of them. It came in the standard plastic bowl with the standard plastic mini-cup of dressing. I actually don't remember much about it, but I can always count on the older Asian woman in the country kitchen outfit handing out toothpicks and busing tables. OK, that's all I got. FOOD - 2 stars...Caesar's hath no Caesar's salad worthy of the palace AMBIANCE - 2.5 stars...it's a food court with faux-Roman statues...what d'ya expect? SERVICE - 2 stars...snail-like despite the throngs TOTAL - 2 stars...serves its purpose for pre-Cher and pre-Bette idle time...what can I say?...after spending do-re-mi on the shows, we're cheap!
2	A bit overpriced. Food not as good as advertised. Our group bought food from 3 of the places here and were not satisfied with the quality.
3	The food court in Ceasar's Palace is good for quick meals, and one of the cheaper places compared to the other extremely expensive meals, but by cheaper I mean it's like $13 or $14 instead of $40 or $50.There is a place for wraps, a place for fish and chips, a place with horrible asian-style noodles, or sandwiches, but at least you don't have to dress up, or tip, or need to anything.  Come here to chill and relax, don't expect any food to WOW you in any sense, but come here if you're in this area of the strip and don't want to grab something quick on the the go.
4	I have to admit that this is my favorite food court in Vegas. When I want a quick bite with a myriad of options, this is the place I head. Sure, it can be a little pricey, but this is Vegas. Come on! You can't expect McDonald's prices in the middle of a casino. I've eaten here on multiple occasions and have tried the pizza and the salads. Others I've been with have tried the bbq and the sandwiches. No one gave it a bad review. The pizza was deemed the best option as the slices are HUGE and the drink refills are free. All in all, a good place to stop for a quick bite with lots of options.
2	review for lobster chowder & the pizza lobster chowder: i asked for a sample of it and the lady said no. so i just went with the clam chowder. i got here at 11 AM and ordered a cup of soup ($6 for a cup, $9 for a bowl). it was cold and seemed like it just came out of a bag. i explained to the lady that it was cold and she looked at me, took the soup away and gave me a new one with this dirty annoyed look. i was too hung over to deal w/ her so i just took it and sat down. pizza: we all decided to order pizza too...wow pizza was EXPENSIVE! $9 for a slice (thick crust) and if we wanted to whole pie $44...a pizza with just ricotta, mozzarella, and tomatoes...was it good? i thought there was too much dough (way too chewy and under cooked), the sauce was salty, w/ the cheese it made it worse, and it was a waste of my money. overall: would i go back? never. ever. ever. this was a waste of my money and time. lesson learned: no more food courts in vegas! people assume it's cheaper, but i spent almost $20 (w/ tax) and i could have enjoyed a nice lunch at a nice restaurant for the same amount maybe less. bleh this made my hangover worse.
2	This food court is really sad, though I appreciate the fact they have a diverse range of food to pick from.  The big thing that got to me was when I got sick from the crab sandwich I had here one night.  And since then, I've avoided this place every time I've been back .  Prices here aren't too bad, but you're better off going somewhere else to pick something up for around the same prices.  2 Stars, sorry!!
2	Cypress Street Marketplace is a food court in the middle of the casino in Caesars Palace. It's very convenient, but I'd highly recommend skipping it as a food option.The atmosphere is actually pretty cool, tables in the middle, surrounded by different food vendors. It's very, VERY pricey for what it is though. To give you an example; I ordered a double cheese burger, with fries and a drink for about $23. Now, if the burger was good, I'd have no problem with this place, but, the burger sucked. It really did. It looked GORGEOUS, but tasted like a gas station burger.For the price, I'd skip this place, and head on over to one of the many kick-ass restaurants in Caesars or the surrounding hotels.
5	Lobsta roll, lobsta roll, I have actually toured the northeast on a lobsta roll excursion in my past, and this was right there, I mean other then it was in Las Vegas at Caesars Palace, it was right there, someone really took the creation of a lobsta roll serious!  Lots and Lots of Lobster!!!They delivered a top notch lobsta roll for sure!  Here is what blows my mind everything at Caesars is lets just say a little more expensive then maybe it needs to be, I don't mind because I love their poker room, I love their staff, and well I am generally their to have fun so why not spend a little extra...  This lobsta roll was $12.95; kids this is down right affordable for a lobsta roll, I would pay that, out of a cart in an alley in a major city, with out great staff and poker all around me...  I have paid closer to 20 off the side of the road in New England...  Although this was not the best I have ever had, it was right up there with the big boys of the northeast trade, and I will be partaking in one of these, I think maybe, every time I head back to Vegas from now on...  I am not the only one, I had two while I was there, and when I was ordering my first one I was interrogating the exceptionally nice lady behind the counter and she said, oh its good, she said people come from all the casinos around Vegas just for this Lobsta roll, and she said wow do they get upset when we run out, here that?  They run out, so maybe call ahead...Thanks Caesar's for yet another reason to love you!
4	Grab a snack, sandwich or coffee and plug in for a charge before hitting a nightlife hotspot or before a show. This is at the nexus or cross-roads for the Appian Way, the Colosseum & the Forum Shops. There is a coffee shop and many different kinds of upper scale fast food type places.
3	I had about 20 minutes to scarf down some grub before a concert at Caesars Palace. To my disappointment, there wasn't much to entice me in the nearby food court. Certainly no bargain eats at this overpriced "marketplace." You'd think you were at an airport. I went to the BQ counter for an order of PULLED PORK ($9.95) which was edible. That's all I can really say. Oh, and it was piping hot. I mean, this food court is functional, but that's about it.
4	4 stars for this place? are you mad!?  Well actually more like 3.5 starsokay, let me explain.  Many of the places reviewed at this place which essentially serves as the food court at Caesars palace aren't great.  Most folks reviewed the burger and pizza place which didn't look very good and I am not suprised by the fairly mediocre reviews. The places I tried last visit: Lobster Chowder compangy: 4 stars I would advise you to check out the Lobster Chowder company and get fish and chips.  I swear some of shockingly best fried cod this side of the Atlantic!  Avoid pretty much anything else on the menu, skip the calamari or other stuff.    Ah So!: 3 starsaside from the somewhat dubious name of the place, the noodle soups here aren't half bad.  I got the wonton with noodle soup since I wasn't feeling that well.  Chinese comfort food.Bar BQ: 3 stars:  I got the open faced turkey sandwich smothered in gravy and mashed potatoes.  Quite delicious actually!  Thanksgiving on a plate!Prices here are more reasonable than what you find on the higher end places to eat at Caesars palace.  If you choose the right place though you could actually get a tasty and affordable meal here and save your money for more gambling!
2	I passed through here looking for something to eat for lunch and promptly left. Nothing looked appetizing at any of the food stalls. Whats up with all the crappy food at this place? The pizza looked like a complete rip off. I must be turning into a picky ass mofo eater cause I swear unless the food is cooked fresh and the best ingredients are used I don't want to get near it.
4	Wanting a quick bite to eat, we went to the Caesar's Palace from The Venetian.  We were going to eat at the Chinese restaurant because my friend wanted their roast duck and rice.  Unfortunately, Caesar's Palace removed the Chinese restaurant next to the Japanese restaurant.  They did add Beijing Noodle No. 9, but after looking at the menu, we thought it was waaaayyyyyy too expensive.  For example, $18.09 for a noodle dish that we can get at home for $7.00.  No thank you.Thus, we walked over to the Cypress Street Marketplace to eat.We both got the Burger and Fries.  It costs $8.95 plus tax, so $9.67.  They make it to order and I got mine with lettuce, tomato, and ketchup.  They have the thin, long french fries and both of my items were good.I enjoyed it and there were plenty of seats/tables.There was even some excitement.  A patron was arguing with one of the women who was busing tables.  Not sure what it was about or who won though.If you want a quick bite to eat, the Cypress Street Marketplace is a good option.  They have several different types of foods there.Xie Xie!
5	When you want to skip the hefty prices of the classy restaurants this is the place to be.  A great selection of food and lots of seating only a few steps away from the main casino.  Been here many times will be back soon.
2	OMG this place is sooo gross.  After discovering that there are no longer any appealing restaurants in the Forum Shops, my friends and I ended up here for our final dinner of our Vegas trip.  I'm really wishing we had just decided to pay more money and go to a decent buffet or something though, because the food here was disgusting.  After circling around the "food court" (and I put those in quotation marks because 4 tiny stands that are all connected does not a food court make) 3-4 times, I finally decided to try to get a lobster roll and a cup of lobster chowder.  First of all, a lobster roll should be served in a roll.  NOT between two pieces of texas toast.  AND there should be lobster in it (not shredded imitation crab or whatever the hell that meat was supposed to be).  The chowder was disgusting and looked like tomato soup with tiny pieces of potato (and I think my hubby said he found a few tiny pieces of lobster-like meat).  I didn't even eat half of my food and I spent $20 (again, I should've just gone to the buffet).Hubby got the burger and fries which was probably the safest bet from all of our food.  It wasn't great, but really--how do you mess up a burger and fries?  Only downside--it cost almost $15 with a drink.My friend went to the barbeque place and got a platter with turkey, mashed potatoes, and mac & cheese.  The turkey was dry, the mashed potatoes were alright, and the mac & cheese tasted straight out of the blue box.The only reason I'm giving 2 stars is because of the super sweet buslady who kept getting us refills of our soda.  She was very nice!
3	This food court is not too bad in my opinion. Located near one of the entrances to The Forum Shops, you could consider this place a bargain when you compare it to all the other expensive restaurants nearby. The one thing that really impressed me about this place is the customer service that the cleaning people provide. Every time I ate here, they have stopped by my table to give me napkins, take my trash away, offered to refill my soda, gave me toothpicks, and asked if there was anything else I needed. Wow! Really? All this at a food court?? This is the main reason why this place stands out!!The food is kind of expensive. Expect to pay at least $10-$11 for a meal. There is a pretty good variety of food - Chinese, Pizza, Burgers, BBQ, Salads, Wraps, Coffee, etc. So far I have tried a Pepperoni Pizza slice, Caesar Salad, and Beef Broccoli, which was nothing spectacular, but also not horrible. I believe I also tried a smoothie a while back from the coffee shop, which didn't taste too great from what I remember.  If you are in the area and looking for a cheaper and quicker option for food, this place will probably be your best bet.
3	We grabbed a bite to eat at the Pizza Slice located in Cypress Street Marketplace.  The Marketplace was clean and the bathrooms were in good condition.  Our pizza was good but the service was bad.  The lady dishing up the pizza pies skipped us all together.  She was really rude.  Next time I eat at the Marketplace I'll try a different shop.
2	Slow service but OK if you don't want to deal with a restaurant.  Ordered a wrap and it took forever...not enough help.  Another day, ordered a bowl of noodles.  Was much faster but paid almost $10 so not a bargain.
4	I'm a fan of the booth selling LOBSTER CHOWDER since i have tried nothing but the lobster chowder from this food court at Caesar Palace.  After the big sundae at Serendipity 3, my boyfriend wanted something soupy and savory so we stopped by this food court to get some soup!  Since 8 out of 10 tables inside the food court got this orange-colored soup, in either a paper cup or a sourdough bread, we thought it had to be some tasty soup.  Guess what? We were right! The lobster chowder was sooooooo good, and we found chunks of real lobster meat inside the soup, for only $6.99 per cup.  After putting the last spoon of chowder into his mouth, my boyfriend said, "We have to come back here next time we come to Vegas! this soup is so freaking good!!"
2	This food court sucks hard-core. They charge steep prices. My friend got fish and chips (fried fish and french fries). The fries tasted like they were frozen and the batter was definitely allll the same color for both the fish and fries supporting my believe that the fries, and perhaps also the fish, were frozen. Please don't give us a frozen meal for $11.I ordered some pollo tacos from the mexican joint. The rice and beans were surprisingly well-seasoned but the tacos themselves were hard to eat due to the slimy texture of the soft corn taco. It was submerged in bean sauuce.Oh well. Lesson learned. Las Vegas isn't really like one's adult disneyland since the food at disneyland is at least yummy for the price.On the plus side the service was AMAZING. I loved all the wonderful servers. They treated us like family. :)
2	Cypress Marketplace is pretty much the only cheap eat at Caesars Palace. Essentially, it's a food court--but a glorified food court! I work in the Forum Shops and on the days I forget my lunch, I'm forced to resort to the marketplace.WRAPS: The wraps are big but somewhat flavorless. The freshness of produce varies from day-to-day. They're alright but I wouldn't go back.CHINESE: Semi-Restaurant / Semi-Panda Express. The fried rice is average but The black bean chicken was pretty good. All the entrees come with a hefty serving of steamed rice. At times, the quality of the chicken is poor. On occasion, instead of chicken breast, I'd get chicken gristle and bits.FRIED FOOD: The place that has the fish & chips and chicken tenders is awesome. Then again, how can you mess up fried food? Chicken tenders are juicy and the fries are crispy but soft. Everything is fried fresh to order.PIZZA: I haven't sampled the pizza place. But girls at the store are regulars and eat the pizza there religiously.DRINKS: some places sell personal size wine bottles and beer, bottled beverages, and all places serve fountain drinks.$$$: expect to spend about $14 per person when eating here. Restaurant Prices, Food Court Food.
3	If you'r looking for something like a food court then this is the place to go! Eating in Vegas isn't cheap and this place isn't cheap either, but it is probably the cheapest place you can eat at in Caesar's Palace.The "make your own salad" with drink was $14. It was a HUGE thing of salad and I couldn't finish it, but because everything was piled on the bottom of the salad didn't get any dressing.There's a coffee shop on the very edge that sells smoothies... but it's like $6 and made from a powder and not even fresh fruit! It def wasn't worth it but we ended up using it as a mixer for our vodka later and it was pretty good...I also got the mediterranean chicken wrap with spinach tortillas. It was a little bland and I had to use Cholula to give it some spice. The veggies were pretty fresh so that's good.Come here if you want to get some quick food court food thats overpriced, but it's the only thing close...
4	this is a great food court. considering it's in CP, it's quite impressive. plenty of food options here to pretty much satisfy any discerning, yet frugal, palate. as the big sign to the entrance points out, they have... burgers, sandwiches, pizza, salad, wraps, fish and chips and of course, the ubiquitous... Chinese!now, the prices here are definitely not similar to the other prestigious food courts located on the strip, such as Oshea's Le Whopper and Casino Royale with Chez Denny's. however, it is extremely reasonable and the quality is leaps and bounds most others. i actually had the fish and chips and they were absolutely delish. the fish was very crispy and the fries were marvelous. it was only 2 fish, but, very big. i also had some hot sour soup from the chinese joint and also pretty good. mind you it's lent, and it was friday so i had to fill myself up enough to make it the rest of day. the little filipino ladies cleaning up and offering to fill up your sodas and get you water were very friendly. they're not tied to one specific restaurant so tip them well regardless if they help you out. oh yeah, there's also a salsa condiment bar right in front of the mexican spot. i helped myself.. shhh!
3	Not bad food for fast food. but it not reallly fast.
1	Just about every cuisine in this marketplace. I was craving a hotdog which turned out to be a $16 dog --typical Vegas Strip food price. But what made it worse was that it looked and tasted like a microwavable oscar meyer's dog. The experience was horrid.
4	We got drinks and pastries here as a pre-brunch snack.  They were good, nothing special, and the prices are casino prices.  I think you get 10% off with the Total Rewards card, but I forgot.  Still, it is pretty convenient, and the quality was fine.
4	Yum yum...I've only tried the pizza place and grabbed breakfast here, so this probably isn't very accurate. However, it is convenient and affordable when you just want to grab a quick bite. The calzones and other pizza-looking (but not pizza) things are a bit overpriced, IMO, but the salads are what really stands out in the food court. Giant and abundant in meats and cheeses yum yum! Bonus that you can even customize your own! Breakfast is a bit of a hassle...lines are long since everyone wants the good breakfast deal...($4 for oatmeal, $7 for a set meal of eggs, bacon, etc) I just got the fruit cup, but they also have nice giant plates of fruit and other goodies. Coffee is your typical cup o' joe; nothing too special. I will definitely get the breakfast specials next time I come!There is also a really nice lady at night who gets utensils, makes sure you aren't missing anything, and even grabs ice for your bottled water. Amazing service for a food court!Bottom line...salads GOOD! breakfast specials WOW!
4	3.5 stars...So this is also known as "Caesar's Palace for Food Court"...I'll essentially repost what I put for that one:Yum yum...I've only tried the pizza place and grabbed breakfast here, so this probably isn't very accurate. However, it is convenient and affordable when you just want to grab a quick bite. The calzones and other pizza-looking (but not pizza) things are a bit overpriced, IMO, but the salads are what really stands out in the food court. Giant and abundant in meats and cheeses yum yum! Bonus that you can even customize your own! Breakfast is a bit of a hassle...lines are long since everyone wants the good breakfast deal...($4 for oatmeal, $7 for a set meal of eggs, bacon, etc) I just got the fruit cup, but they also have nice giant plates of fruit and other goodies. Coffee is your typical cup o' joe; nothing too special. I will definitely get the breakfast specials next time I come!There is also a really nice lady at night who gets utensils, makes sure you aren't missing anything, and even grabs ice for your bottled water. Amazing service for a food court!Bottomline...Salads are GREAT! Breakfast specials are WOW! Enjoy!
4	In all honesty, I get the importance of having a good food court within a hotel.  However, I don't really see what's with the complaints when Caesar's Palace is one of few hotels where you can walk to better restaurants and eat at due to having the attached Forum Shops. Most hotels don't have that option.  Just saying.My stars are solely for the Chinese food restaurant.  I really only eat at Ah So if I stop in the Marketplace.  The special friend rice (with chicken, pork, and shrimp) is solid.  It's $10 but hey, it's Vegas, in a hotel.The side of wontons for $4-$5 were also pretty good.Cypress Street Marketplace saved me from hunger pains Saturday night since Cheesecake Factory was overly crowded.  Therefore, I do not have a problem with them.
3	Nothing too outstanding about it but the Clam Chowder was good. And since so many complain about the high prices of food in Vegas, it was only $5.95 for a good sized portion.The server Rene was pretty cool too.
2	The BBQ: We got the three meat combo (pulled pork, hot link, & brisket) and they were all pretty dry. We got the mashed potatoes as a side and they were extremely bland and completely void of any salt, pepper, butter, or anything. I've had he burgers at the grill in the past and it was of much better  than the BBQ.
5	Perfect embarkation point for The Forum Shops. Love that you can refill fountain drinks for free (I'll usually stop back after the shops and rest my feet while sipping on a couple more cups of Diet Pepsi).I haven't had all the choices but the pizza place is good and I really like the lobster chowder joint.Prices are high but they recently added a $1 discount on everything (except soda) for Total Rewards members.I would recommend this to anyone who is looking to do the typical Vegas experience.
4	I was hesitant about eating at a food court in Las Vegas but this place ending up being very good. I ate at the Asian restaurant and the food was tasty and cheap. I also ate some pizza that was crispy, cheesy, and perfectly done. If you need something quick, tasty, and cheap then definitely go eat at Cypress Street.
4	Who would've thought Caesar's Palace would have a food court in their hotel? When I first stayed in Caesar's I was surprised to find one after wandering around the casino looking for the Forum Shops and actually ran into mall type of food court and it was not that cheap and not too expensive. This is great if you want to save some money and it's seconds away to the casino. So you can gamble and grab a snack after hours of playing which is very convenient. Soda fountains are located outside of the food court, so you can get unlimited refills.As every part of Caesar's, this has a Roman theme to it with Roman architecture, with food court seating. It can get very crowded with long lines and fully occupied tables, I suggest you wait in line to order while someone else looks for a clear table.
3	Every month in 2012, i received a food coupon from Caesar's to use at any of their restaurants.  Most of the time i used it at the buffet.  Recently i used it at Ramsay's BurGR( at planet hollywood .)  I found out i can use it at Ramsay's Pub ( in Caesar's ) so i plan to do that should they continue to send me coupons.several times i used it in the Food Court.  The highlights:Bar B Q ( and sorry, not sure if they have a specific name for this place ) - people, this place produces some decent BBQ at a reasonable price - a meal will cost you about $15 - that's dang close to what you'll pay at an off-strip BBQ place ( 3 meat/ two side ) .  The ribs and brisket were dang good.  The sides ok.  The pulled pork was average.Seafood - the lobster roll was decent - priced a few dollars high but not outrageous.  I never tried the pizza place - the prices they charge their are frickin ridiculous !
4	The service was terrible but the food at Bar BQ was very tasty so I am overlooking the very slow service.  They had Bar BQ joined with another sandwich place on a register and only two people working.  Poorly staffed for a lunch time when there is a big convention in the hotel.  However, the brisket sandwich with bourbon bbq sauce was amazing.  I also got a side of collard greens which I loved.
2	Great expectations built up by our enjoyment of other Caesar's Palace establishments and the warm seating area.  They have a seven stars area which got me to thinking, why would a seven stars member dine at the food court.  This food court is like any foodcourt except with more upscale names.  There was the obligatory pizza place reminding me of SB___O, the chinese place, reminding me of Pa__a, a burger place, bbq, salad, mexican, lobster chowder place, and coffee/pastry place.   We sampled the pizza, lobster chowder, and BBQ establishments.  The pizza was disappointing, a poor attempt at imitating NY pizza except the crust was rubbery, the cheese flavorless and the sauce thin and watery.   The lobster place was more enjoyable although the clam chowder was bland and they didn't have lobster or lobster chowder on the menu (I think they might have a lobster roll but I don't recall, still it wasn't the focus of the menu.)  The BBQ place was not bad but the pulled pork was overcooked, the chicken portion small and it was clearly not the best quality chicken, more like KFC quality with little meat and lots of bone.  The sauce was good but not on par with the better bbq restaurants in town.What really knocks this place down though is the management company's brilliant move making adding a combo of fries and fountain drink to your meal a whopping $6.00.  Individually the drinks are 4.25.  The cost of most of the meals are only a dollar or two more.  The $10.00 bbq combo became $16.00 with the side and drink.I always hate places that abuse the pricing.  They would do better keeping a few extra bucks in the patrons' pockets so they could blow it at a slot on the way out.Anyway, two adults and one child ended up spending $40.00 for a mediocre dinner.  You could do better at Serendipity 3 for a much better meal and only a few dollars more.
5	Ok this is very tricky if you follow directions you can get paid off in a Brisket sandwich you won't forget (If you don't like sweet BBQ sauce stop reading this  It doesn't apply to youBalloonhead )1) Cypress Street Marketplace is a mall food court type of thing      So don't get distracted  Like " that pizza looks good or the     Chinese place has No line "2) Go to the place that says BBQ (probably the longest line)     Stay in line 3) Order the Brisket Sandwich Combo 4) Walk over to the Sportsbook and eat     Game Over bit*#^s
1	The chinese food place is not good at all.  Hard to believe the steamed white rice was even bad.  Shrimp and Lobster sauce was very bad, wonton noodle soup lacked taste.  The only some what decent thing on our order was the special fried rice.  You could get better food at any whole in the wall chinese place in a strip mall.
4	In a tight bind found this place as it's right across from the Colosseum. The pizza was good, quick &  large pieces. They options cover everything from; wraps, chinese, build your own salad, choweder and mexican food. It's Vegas prices ($7/slice, $8.99/taco, & so on) but still on the cheaper end of what it could be.I'll stick this Marketplace in my back pocketbook for another time!
1	Eh not that great.Prices ran about $10 or so for mediocre cafeteria tasting food.  I would much more be delighted to have seen some chain fast food joints like McDonalds, Taco Bell or what not... atleast the prices would have been more reasonable for just on the go food.  Only appeal is convenience if you're already in the casino, definitely not worth looking for. Better food going on the strip and just walking into the food joints on the strip like Fatburger or Pinks... which get several stars over this place.PS. Please speed up your menu screens.  I don't need to see the same items on both screens and I don't need to look at the same items for more than 40 seconds.  It takes standing around 2+ minutes just to see all the options before it loops again!  Try that at each storefront, it took me 15 minutes just to see what everyone offered!!!
2	Only went here because we had to. It's the only fast food-court-y area that we could get a quick meal to go. The sandwiches here are pretty big and filling. I opted for the French Dip and my friend got the Create Your Own Turkey, where they piled basically a whole turkey onto a piece of bread. We also had the blackened fish filet sandwich here on another occasion; BLECH. SALTY!When we sat here the first time, service at the seating area was amazing, but the service at the actual counter was a bit snooty and gave the impression of wanting us to go away. Wouldn't choose to go back, but I guess it's the best (only) quick option nearby.
2	I came here thinking I can get some food cheap and quick but it was the exact opposite. I had the 2 scoops gelato it was $8 that was good gelato but too expensive. I had the super dry BBQ chicken at Bar BQ not good at all
1	Wow $13.50 for a Jack honey and Coke?!?! I'm from LA, the land of the overpriced drink... and I have never paid $9 even at the priciest bar. And I liked the bartender so I had to tip him too?! Dear lord. Nope. Even though Vegas is overpriced that's still way too much. Thank God for the free drinks for gamblers so I can walk away saying "well at the end of the day you paid $16 for 3 drinks..." should have asked before buying I suppose. Oh well. Cannot comment on the food. The place didn't smell like anything though, and I think nothing is a worse sign than being seated at a restaurant where it smells like nothing is being cooked... won't try the food here now!
4	I was a little skeptical about this food court during my first visit to Caesars Palace about 6 months ago. Upon my return visit this month, I decided to explore the options.  While the prices are a bit high (just like everything in Vegas), the portions are decent.  They do offer food to go, so keep that in mind if that suits your style.   During two visits to the Asian place, awkwardly named "Ah So", I once had the seafood udon, and then the house chow mein.  Both had good flavor and the portions were large.  The seafood udon was a little sparse on meat (shrimp, squid, fish cake, etc), but they did toss in some snow peas and other vegetables as well.  They make these when your order, so it's hot and fresh. Interestingly (and in a nice way) they served the udon in a ceramic bowl, rather than plastic.  The house chow mein had a decent portion.  I took it to go and while eating back in my meeting room with colleagues, they were jealous of my plate.  One other nicety was that they offered the spicy yellow mustard.During two visits to the Bar BQ (bar-b-que) place, the one meat plate was plentiful.  The beef brisket was tender and juicy.  The cornbread was ok, but a little butter never hurts.  Adding a side of the okra vegetable sides was a nice touch.  But together with the meat, it could easily serve two people.  We had the pork ribs in a second visit.  Flavor was still good and the meat was tender. But given that the ribs comes with bones, the beef brisket plate is the better detail. This is worth a return visit if I have business in Caesars.
4	OK so the food here is not that great and yes, it's pretty overpriced.  If this food court was located at any of the malls I frequent in So Cal, I'd probably give it 1 star and be complaining in my review that it deserves 0.  But since the Cypress Street Marketplace is located in the middle of Caesar's casino it deserves a whopping 4 stars just for existing.  I get comped at Caesar's for free rooms and I always feel obligated to gamble there (even though my luck is never good and yes, those rooms are no longer "free" after a couple hours at the slots) and when I get hungry I'm glad this place is a very short walk away.  I mostly stick with the salads and pizza.  Sometimes I'll go to the Chinese place but I really don't know why.  Their food is God awful, I guess I just keep hoping that it'll improve but it never does.
4	The food was decent. This place is like a higher end food court. A little pricey for a food court but it's the Vegas strip. The staff was friendly.
3	My friends and I need a fairly cheap lunch spot. It was still about $15 dollars, but the food was good. I had popcorn shrimp and fries from the seafood place. My con would be the wait. Most of the restaurants took at least 15 mins to get your food? The burger place was especially backed up.
1	Absolutely the worst, most over priced food court in Las Vegas, or anywhere I've ever been for that matter. If I could give this 0 stars I would. It was later after a concert that we were looking for something simple to eat that wouldn't break the bank. Boy do I miss the days in Vegas when you could eat for next to nothing. This food court's service was slow, the prices for the size of the food we're incredibly high, and the food was terrible. Stay away. Take my advice, go somewhere ELSE.
3	probably best value here inside Caesar's lol.wanted to try the lobster chowder, unsurprisingly long lineups.  took quick glance of rest if this food court, would say mostly aroun $10.washrooms here small and the least plain-looking ive seen so far by vegas standards.
2	I wish I could give a real review but the food court is not open right now. Closed for remodeling, go elsewhere if you want a quick meal.
