1	Last Monday (9/10), I called my doctors' office to ask for a prescription to be refilled (that I have been on since 2002 for seizures and restless leg syndrome) called Clonazepam. I was told that the script would be called in to Walgreen's. It wasn't.On Tuesday, Kylie, my daughter, went in to the office to drop off an updated Power of Atty and Living Will (for an upcoming surgery) and asked about the prescription, and was told that it would be called in to the pharmacy that afternoon. It wasn't.I called again on Wednesday, now three days without the pill, only to be told that it would be called in, and again, it wasn't.On Thursday, I was told that the pharmacy had to send over a fax request to have the script filled and that the doctor would not be back in the office till this Monday, which means I would be without the med for a total of 7 (SEVEN) days!I was then put on the phone with a man claiming to be the office manager who told me that the message (which I have never heard, because if you are placed on hold, 623.298.4642, there is no message, just dead silence) would tell you that your pharmacy must send in a fax request...NOT! He refused to listen to my story even telling me that it was my fault and that he didn't care that I used to be a nurse and that he didn't care who screwed up that it was my fault. He yelled at me, wouldn't let me speak and told me that there was nothing he could do. Consequently, last night, I had a grand mal seizure that could have killed me. Google Clonazepam, and look up what happens when you suddenly stop taking this drug after so many years. I have complained to AHCCCS and will complain to Dr. Jeanette Cruz, of Estrella Family Medical the next time I see her. LAWSUIT? POSSIBLY.You don't have to put up with the bull. I could have been told on Monday to have the script request faxed, and problem would have been solved. My daughter could have been told that on Tuesday or handed a script when she was there, but no. At no time were we told...This office dropped the ball, but it's my fault... I COULD HAVE DIED. I WANT HEADS TO ROLL AND PEOPLE FIRED. AM I MAD, DAMN RIGHT I AM MAD. I HAVE KIDS TO RAISE AND A LIFE TO LIVE. JUST BECAUSE SOME OFFICES REQUIRE A PHARMACY TO SEND A SCRIPT REQUEST, DOESN'T MEAN THEY ALL DO, AND I HAVE NEVER HAD TO DO THIS BEFORE!!~~ I got a certified letter today, 9/20, telling me that I have been fired.  That tells me that this office can't admit to their mistakes and that I am glad that as of October, I am glad I am no longer their patient.  I have alerted AHCCCS, the Arizona Medical Review Board and will be filing a Medical Malpractice Lawsuit as well.~~
4	Dr. Cruz is a very good physician.  She actually touches you and listens to what you are telling her and tries to get you to the right diagnostic testing or specialist.  I have enjoyed having her as my physician and my family's physician.  The office is clean and the staff is usually pretty professional and attentive.  Not sure if she is returning to the practice so I had to find another primary care physician but would prefer to see Dr. Cruz again.
2	Dr. Cruz is no longer there.  I called to see if she returned from her "indefinite" leave and was told she was no longer there so now I start again with a whole new physician and office.
1	This is a terrible office.  My husband called the drug store last Tuesday 9/2 for his prescription refill for his high blood pressure medicine.   The drug store faxed his prescription refill to the office.  He waited a couple of days and called the drug store to see if it was ready.  He was told they hadn't received anything from the office so he called the doctors office.  He was told by someone at the office that they didn't accept faxes it had to be a electronic request.  So he called the drug store and relayed the message and they sent an electronic request.  So today, 8 days later the office FINALLY calls and leaves him a message that they will not refill his prescription without him coming in.  Even after he had called and told them he was out of medication.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS OFFICE!
