3	I normally don't shop around here, but I was in the neighborhood and wanted to pick up some stuff to make Sandwiches.  This was my first trip to this Albertson's.I was able to pick up everything I needed......Lettuce, Provolone Cheese, Peppered Salami, Pepperoni, Capacollo, Bread, and Balsamic Dressing.The store itself wasn't as clean as I like my grocery stores to be.  The floors were dirty in many areas and it appears as if it's always that way....there was just too many dirty floors.They have self-checkout registers and I was able to get in/out in 10 minutes.  Pretty good for 4:30 pm on a Thursday.I got home and made the Sandwich (see pics)....it was delish and I am full now.Will I return?  Probably not....it's not in my neighborhood and there are other places I'd rather shop.
3	I wish we had an Albertson's back at home. Well not to mention that it is the same exact thing as Lucky's in the Bay. So not much difference here. I just miss the name. Anyways it's just your local grocery store, you can get just about anything here grocery-wise. This location just happens to be down the street from my sisters house, so we come here quite often.
3	I had to waste an hour while my wife was at a doctor's appointment nearby, so I came here and did some shopping and then went to their Starbucks.  Shopping was a breeze, I did the self checkout and the barista at Starbuck's was pleasant and quick.They don't have their wifi working yet.  It shows up as existing, but devices don't yet connect to it. It seems as though Albertsons is making wifi available in all stores where there's a Starbucks.  That's a great convenience.
3	Great selection , organize ,lots of selection But very pricey
1	I kind of actually HATE this place. Every time I run in here just to "grab something real quick" I'm reminded of why I never come here. It's SO expensive! It makes Smith's and Von's feel Walmart cheap! They do NOT make up for the obscene prices with service or general atmosphere. I've also caught them in pricing scams.. Advertising certain pieces of meat on sale, when the same not on sale pieces next to them were actually less..
1	So, I used to come here often, but now I am never going back.I went in today to pick up some chicken salad and some groceries for dinner. I walked over to the deli area, looking around for what I'd like and while I'm looking, I took a picture of my shirt for a friend, and send it to him. Then this little woman from the deli walks over to me and says "hey, excuse me, who are you and why are you taking pictures?" in a very rude tone! I was stunned at first and could only mutter "..of myself??" and she says "well I wanna know who you think you are and why you're taking pictures of my shelf" and walked away.. I couldn't believe it! I got my chicken salad and went to grab a basket for my groceries, and she started following me!! By this point, I was starting to get really embarrassed, but I wanted to get my stuff and go. As I am walking down the isles, she continues to follow me until "manager" Lisa tells me I can't be taking pictures of the store and calls me out in front of everyone, at no point did anyone ask me what I was doing, or apologize for stalking me, they just decided to embarrass me and make me never want to come back ever again.After that, I bought just the chicken salad and almost ran out of the store, tears in my eyes from embarrassment. I will never shop at any Albertsons again.
1	This is the worst grocery store ever!I once stopped in to pick up sun-dried tomatoes. I could not find them. I also could not find an employee to ask. The lady at the deli counter did not understand one single word that I said but she tried to summon another employee to help but we waited around for like 10 minutes before realizing he was never showing up. Found some more employees; NO ONE in the entire store even knew what a sun-dried tomato was. How is that possible? You work in a grocery store!On my last visit, I was searching for some juice. My husband asked a cashier who told us to look where we had already unsuccessfully looked and then after we walked away, proceeded to shout more unhelpful advice at us from across the store. Finally, after searching through the aisles which are organized in the least intuitive, most nonsensical manner possible, we found what we were looking for. But our adventure was not over!There was one cashier who was actually at a register, and when we went to stand in his line he just stared at us blankly while continuing to count out his cash drawer. Um, ok. We had a lot of stuff but we took the hint and went to self check-out.WELL THAT WAS A MISTAKE! We had a few issues with stuff not ringing up properly and coupons and whatever and we kept needing the lady in charge of self check-out to help us. My husband apologized to her on one of these visits by explaining that we tried to go to a real cashier instead of self check-out but he did not appear to be accepting customers at the time. Instantly I realized something was wrong. The self check-out lady was PISSED. He thought she was joking until she came back and went on and on about how she'd never been so insulted, no one had ever said anything like that to her, she'd worked there 20-some years so she was a REAL CASHIER, etc. It was the most absurd scenario, like a Seinfeld plot or something. It went on and on and I got mad and it devolved from there.I recommend this store if you like not being able to find anything on your shopping list without an extensive and exhausting search followed by a screaming match with an Albertsons employee. I KNOW I DO!
4	This place is pretty awesome. It's crazy clean and organized, has an absolutely delightful selection of produce and offers fantastic healthy alternatives. I love that there's a butcher on hand to cut to order and they have a fully stocked 'picnic' section as well.With the use of their members card you can really save a bundle. I do believe we've found a new grocery store :)
1	This location has NOT closed!  I was just there last night...
1	While the facilities are nice the prices are not. Everything I needed was on average $1 more than Smith's and Smith's in not the cheapest either. Only shop here if you have coups!
4	This Albertson's is nice.  I find this store to be quite expensive as compared to some of the other stores I have been to, so I don't visit this one very much.  They do have a free savings membership card you can get, which you should, that saves you some money.  Even with the membership card, the prices are still high, in my opinion.This location is a large store with a lot of options when it comes to food, so that part is nice.  The deli is always well stocked with high quality sandwich meats and great cheese options.  I love me some good cheese.   They also offer a lot of handmade sides like egg, tuna, and chicken salads, cole slaw, ambrosia, amongst many others.  Whenever I get an egg salad craving I make a beeline to this store to get my fix ASAP.  Oh and the roast chicken here is divine!  The rosemary garlic flavor is delightful.  I am drooling just thinking about it!  I do also have to say that the bakery at Albertson's make the best cakes in the valley.  I have had many cakes from lots of bakeries around town and I think the cakes at Albertson's are by far the yummiest! One of my favorites is the Victorian Lace cake with raspberry filling.  I have never seen it at any other bakery, which is a shame.  It is a beautiful cake and tastes even better! And yes, I have tried the big names like Freed's and I still think Albertson's has an edge on cakes.  What can I say, I LOVE cake!This store also has a DIY USPS office inside.  This USPS location is rarely busy and you can get your stamps or mail packages quickly here.  They even keep it stocked with envelopes and boxes for you to use, if needed.  It is a great option to have and is much faster than the main post office for the area on Tenaya.  This location also has a Starbucks inside of it.  Yep, you can get your caffeine fix and then power grocery shop.  Talk about efficient grocery shopping!They also have a Silver State School Credit Union branch inside the store.  This is my bank, so I am here a lot to do my banking. It is easy to deposit your checks and then swing by to pick up a cake from the bakery.  YEAH!So if you need to do a lot of stuff, come here and you can get your Starbucks, mail your packages, get a car loan, and restock your pantry.  Now that is a serious one stop shopping event!
4	My go to grocery store. Produce is good and a good selection of foods. Cashiers are quick and friendly!
1	Worst experience ever! I came in to cash a money gram at 8:30 by manager or supervisor KRISTI said id have to come back at 9 bc she didn't know how to do it..So already disappointed I did, I come back to find out they can't even cash it a money gram!!!! Waste of gas, late to work all bc the own manager knew NOTHING.
4	The Albertson in Buffalo has one of the best bakery that I see. I order my son's birthday cake every year, and we love the taste and decoration. perfect job!!!
5	This is one of the best places to shop. Every time I shop in this store everyone is so incredibly friendly, helpful, etc. They always have the item in stock that I am looking for, the employees in all departments seem eager to help, the cashiers are always quick and accurate, and sometimes an employee will unload my cart for me. Very professional, and I enjoy shopping in this store every time.
