3	So a Five Guys opened recently near my place of work, I had been to a Five Guys only once before and wasn't too impressed but I was willing to give it another try since most of the girls I work with love it.We placed our order on line and prepaid before we left so we'd have more time to eat and chat than stand around waiting. Well it didn't work out that simply. The girl at the counter was giving us the total we needed to pay,  had to explain that we already had, we were just here to pick it up. It took some effort to get our cups from her then after wewalked away, called us back over to give us receipts with numbers that we should listen for to be called. 5 minutes later, no food, so we asked the guy that was handing out the food, apparently our food was sitting back there all this time...how were we suppose to know!? The food was okay, like my first experience, nothing special, it's a no frills burger with out much taste. Same with the fries, I prefer my fries to be crispier. The friend I was with got the wrong topping on her burger than what she ordered, she also got it without the bun and it wasn't wrapped very well so it was a bit difficult to eat, she said she'll opt for the burger in a bowl next time.Staff was nice and even brought us extra fries for our troubles. The place was very busy, but it was kept clean as well.Love the multi-option soda machine and the peanuts.Five Guys isn't really my favorite, so I won't be visiting much.
5	I am thrilled to finally have a five guys only minutes away from home. This was only the third time I have ever been to a five guys. My experience at this new location was great, the food was as good as I remembered it to be. The employees were super friendly and the place was clean as clean could be.I will definitely be frequent customer at this fine fast food restaurant.
5	Love this new addition to Henderson!  Food was awesome and the service was great and friendly!!!
5	Great burgers , French fries and walking distance. To my house ! A  great addition . Some of the staff I recognize from other stores .Good food and Service .
5	First of all, I haven't been to a restaurant or any food spot that served free peanuts (other than a bar). I think thats pretty cool of them. I was thinking of taking some home and making some homemade peanut butter..heheI got the hamburger with everything on it (mushrooms, ketchup, onions, pickles, mustard, etc). When we got our order, I noticed the they packaged everything in a brown bag which is a good and bad thing. Its good bc it drains some of the oil from the fries but then again who would want to hold a greasy bag. The burger was very flavorful and medium sized. It reminded me of a burger that I would cook at home on the Fourth of July.If you're the type that likes to have a lot of ingredients and flavors with your burgers, then Five Guys is the burger place to go.
4	Glad they finally opened a location near my house.  Between them and Chili's, I can't decide who has the best chain burgers (in this town).  They are hands down better than In-N-Out.  First of all, the staff is very friendly.  I love the fact that their burgers come plain and you tell them what you want on it.  It makes things a lot easier.  Their fries are fresh and cooked perfectly.  And the burgers are prepared wonderfully too.  The cheese is always melted.  And the burgers and fries both taste great.  Now the couple of issues... the price is rather high.  It was almost $14 for a Cheeseburger, Medium Fries, and a regular drink.  I hate the Cocacola Freestyle machines.  They are neat looking and it's a good concept, but the drinks just don't taste right.  They also taste of multiple flavors, because I'm sure the jets are the same that they all come out of. Too many places are going to this, and it's disappointing.  And when I got there, the dining room was a bit of a mess.  Floor needed sweeping and several dirty tables, but they started cleaning as soon as I sat down.  It is a great burger and fries though.  Just can't eat there too often, because of the price.
2	When entering you have to figure out the way to front counter. I watched several people walk around due to how compact everything is here. The food is just as consistent with any other location and that was a plus. The tables are right on top of each other making it an uncomfortable dining experience. There is the smallest aisle to get to the front if you need to use the restroom, refill your drink or pick up your food. I also feel this place to be dirty. It is. Mom on to find peanut shells all over at Five Guys. The fountain drink area was a mess and there was ketchup and plent of other debris on the floor. This would be a place I would go for take out but wouldn't want to eat here again,
