1	Had Jimmy John's while I was in chicago and they were some of the best sandwiches I ever had, thought I'd try them out here. While the delivery was fast and free, the food we received was just awful. The bread was scooped out of our sandwiches when we specifically ordered it not to be, all that was there was basically crust, our sandwiches were missing ingredients, and lacked in what they actually remembered to put on. Waste of money, honestly. We will never be ordering from here again.
4	Good 8" subs, great tasting bread.  A touch expensive at almost $7 but noticeably better quality than Subway.  An army of workers will have your sub finished quickly.  I could see it getting packed in this small location hidden in the corner.  The parking lot is tight and packed as well.
2	In recent years I have been in love with Jimmy John's, but over the past two years or so their quality has gone downhill significantly. I was at this location recently and had a less then awesome experience. First of all this is a tiny location! I had my child with me in the stroller and wasn't really able to navigate the shop very easily. You walk right into the registers to order and the drinks and bathroom and sandwich pick up are all in the back corner. I ordered three sandwiches and asked to have a side of avocado and cucumber for my baby to munch on while we enjoyed our lunch. I was told by the manager/ owner(not sure) that he does not buy containers to "keep his overhead down". Sure I understand but you should have a side option and charge a little extra (I wouldn't mind paying) for the little cup to appease the customer. Not having the option at all kind of bothered me. I finished ordering and waited for my sandwiches in the back corner. While I was waiting I watched them assemble my sandwiches. Basically they put three slices of meat on and then fill it to the brim with lettuce. I asked for avocado on one of my sandwiches but they put it on all. It wasn't really a problem because the amount of avocado was pretty pathetic! Every time I have been to JJ's I have asked for sauce and then asked for an extra side of sauce because it tastes good. Well since this place doesn't want to have happy customers and just want low overhead I had to eat my sandwich dry. A few years ago JJ's was much better then Subway and Port of Subs, but today it isn't. Not sure I'll be back. If I'm in the area and want a sandwich I might have to.
4	I have never had JJ's until this one opened up. I have had quite a few times now and it's delicious. My goto sandwich shop now.
4	You know what? Jimmy John's makes a doggone good sandwich!! This sub shop opened near my job a little while ago, and I finally had the opportunity to try it out. My office sent me to place an order for 8 subs, which I came back to pick up a few hours later. JJ's had all of the orders correct and labeled with everyone's name. The employees were very friendly and polite, and the restaurant itself was spotless. When I bit into my sub... WOW! The first thing I noticed was the delicious bread! I think I could have eaten just the bread and have been perfectly happy. The rest of the sub was just as good. The meat and fixings were fresh and tasty, and it wasn't skimpy at all. True, it might not be a foot long, but I thought it was a good value for the money.  The fact that they deliver is a bonus as well.While I do prefer my sandwiches warm (I wish they offered that as an option), I was perfectly happy with my #11 from JJ's and will return!!
5	I work at the Red Rock across the street and decided to order a sub today for lunch. I was in a bit of a time crunch because I had to go on break by 3. I didn't call until 2:35 and the man in the phone assured me that it would be here on time so I placed my order. I ordered a number 4 with extra hot peppers which only came out to 6$. I was very happy with that. Because I work in the hotel it was kind of complicated to explain how to get to where I was. When we got off the phone I got my money ready and expected it to take at least 20 minutes for the delivery. To my amazement, my sandwich was here in no time. I literally got my sandwich within 10 minutes of placing the order, and there was no difficulties finding where I was. Once I sat down to eat it I was also blown away. It's was absolutely delicious! I am so pleased with Jimmy Johns and will be placing many more lunch orders in the future !
4	For a sandwich place I love Jimmy John's! This location in particular has really tight parking and no drive-through... However, if you're planning on going and sitting down to eat and the weather outside is nice, they have a good amount of outdoor chairs and tables with umbrellas. Sanwiches are really good-- I always order the Beach Club (#12) as is. AND they really are freaky fast... My sandwich was ready before I could put my wallet back in my purse! -B
1	The WORST customer service I have ever experienced!! They delivered the wrong sandwich to my office and when I called and asked if they could please deliver the correct sandwich I was redirected to every employee that works there for them to tell me it was my fault. After 10 minutes and finally speaking to the manager and then the owner they agreed to deliver my sandwich. I waited 30 minutes and finally called to see if it was on the way and the owner had the nerve to tell me I did not make it clear that I wanted a new sandwich. The owner delivered my sandwich to my office and was very rude and raised his voice at me saying "next time you order you need to specify" I am still in complete shock over my experience. I will NEVER order from them again.
1	Was so excited to have a Jimmy Johns close to our house!  We've been big JJ fans for years. Needless to say, we were disappointed with this new location. They scoop the bread out& fill it with tons of lettuce. The amount of meat is ridiculously minimal. We also could not get a side of peppers due to overhead! Never heard of a sub restaurant being so CHEAP. Maybe they were saving up to buy the new patio furniture they put out in the new outdoor eating area. If this place wants to last in Summerlin they better get with the program & give the customers their money's worth.
2	As a relatively recent transplant from the Midwest, when I heard that a new Jimmy Johns had opened near our neighborhood I was positively thrilled.  We've dined at this location twice now and both times were pretty disappointing, but for different reasons.The first time we went into the shop for take out.  Clearly the shop and staff were new, so we gave them a wide birth of forgiveness.  The young guy at the register tried to correct what we were ordering on all of our sandwiches, stating that he was, "just trying to save" us money.  That's great!  That's really lovely customer service there, but the sandwiches with his well meaning order changes were not at all what we wanted.  That said, we decided to give them another go...and that was today.I called in a delivery order and yes, they lived up to their slogan, "Subs so fast, you'll freak!"  However, when we received our order, it was totally wrong.  Not like we received someone else's order wrong, no, as in the extras that we ordered and paid for were missing from all of the sandwiches.  I immediately called the store, mistakes happen, and when I told the staff what was wrong with our order, I could hear total chaos erupt in the background.  I clarified three times what was missing from our orders and finally I was assured that a new order would be on it's way.  Great!  Problem solved.  My terminally hangry nine year old told me he could not wait any longer, so I gave him the go ahead to dig in, figuring that he could have the sandwich he ordered for second lunch or an afternoon snack.  Significantly later than our first order, our new sandwiches arrived.  I thanked the driver and then he told me that he needed the original order.  What?  I have never had a restaurant do that before.  If you screw up an order, if you want repeat business, you comp it.  So, I gave the guy the old order, and my kiddo says..."what do you think they're going to do with it?  Ewwwwww."  Honestly, it made me wonder too.Oh, and the replacement order...?  It's still wrong.I highly doubt we will be back, and judging from the rating this franchise currently holds, not a lot of other guests will be either.  Bummer.
2	Underwhelmed, I would say the ownershipand lack of quality employees makes the place mediocre at best. The bread is so heavy, it made me nauseous for a day, and god forbid you ask for any of the freebies you get frowned upon as if you're asking for their bank account information. Not to mention the globs of Mayo they add to these sandwiches and the soggy shredded lettuce and store bought tasting guacamole they put on the Beach Club. Pretty cheap for an expensive sandwich. DISGUST. The owners I believe, a tall guy with green eyes is always touching his nose and his obscenely tan shorter comrade are both very snooty and stuck up. The tan one less so, he seemed a little friendlier. And then the African American kid with braces that claims to be the manager that hates his job? I could literally die. Anywho, after giving that place the benefit of the doubt thinking maybe these were all isolated incidents (which they're not) I have decided to take my business elsewhere.
5	Finally a Summerlin location! Wish it was bigger inside but the food is great, nice and fresh! Owner Mark is friendly and makes sure things are done right! Love my # 9 Italian sub! Jimmy Johns by far is my fav out here! The French bread is always fresh and tasty! Good value too!!
1	The subs were only Ok, nothing special. I ordered 3 subs to go and they refused to place them in a bag. The girl told me they couldn't put the food in a bag because they have gloves on??? Aren't the gloves disposable??? The customer service is HORRIBLE... Never going back. If you notice any good reviews are about getting food fast, NOT quality or taste.
5	Gr8 sandwich, awesome bread to go along with . Staff very friendly,  will order again without a doubt!!
1	Very disappointed! I first visited this location when they opened. The staff was overly friendly (seemed like the franchise owner behind the register.)I just visited again and a totally different experience. The guy at the register wasn't engaging or even very friendly. I ordered a large drink and the only straws were extremely short and didn't fit the height of the cup. When I asked if they had longer straws, the staff looked at me as though I was from another planet.I then asked if I could have a bag. The staff pointed to a stack of bags sitting on the counter. Work ethic and customer service are effectively non- existent today, and this Jimmy John's is no exception. Take the extra 10 seconds to open a bag and place the customer's items in the bag.This franchise WILL NOT survive in this neighborhood. Their location is horrible -- tucked in a back corner of an L-shaped shopping center. The staff here is going to HAVE to step it up in order to survive!I hope the franchise owners will take these comments to heart.
4	Always a solid sandwich, and their "freaky fast" claim is no joke. I can park, walk in, order and get my sandwich often times faster than it would take me to go through a near by drive through. Good, fresh ingredients. The four stars is because they recently moved their closing time up a little bit. I get why they did it.... their location is probably not conducive to a lot of late evening business. But it would be nice to have them open a bit later for that late dinner urge.
4	I have visited this location about a dozen times now since they opened. Their sandwiches are good. I especially love their freshly-baked bread. Always plenty of staff behind the counter so service is super fast, a feature that keeps me coming back over Subway or other shops. There are times they are nearly done making my sandwich by the time I'm done paying for it. Service is usually friendly. Location is weird and slightly inconvenient to find.
5	Fabulous customer service. Never a bad visit yet! It's cooperate setup gone small business experience.
3	Quick service and decent sandwiches is the name of the game here.I end up at Jimmy John's when I need lunch and have a limited time to eat. Great for delivery as well.
2	After eating Jimmy Johns subs literally almost every other day sometimes every day for 3 months. I can tell you with great confidence that their sandwiches are meh. That's right meh. Now the service I've never had any issues with but what I do not like is that one I go in to order my preferred sub which is a turkey Tom in order to get a decent sandwich it's necessary to get extra turkey. Then I also like cheese on sandwich and that's extra too. Say what you will about the bread it's OK.  Sometimes the bread seems old so the bread is hit and miss for what is advertised as gourmet hence everything a la carte. So after I get my Turkey Tom just the way like it. It's running me, hold your breath over $8. I think 8.64 to be exact for a sandwich that is like 8-9 inches. Now the extra meat isn't like a ton of meat because regular meat is laughably miniscule. Now the sandwich  it's  ok as described it above they are "meh"  especially with the gourmet tagline and the advertised low prices which go up quickly to get a respectable sandwich that will fill you up. Add a drink and chips and I've gone over the ten dollar clip. If you're hungry you will need the chips so you better get those. Now like I mentioned earlier in this review I ate at this Jimmy Johns like every other day for 3 months. Why? Because they are 30 seconds from where I work. That is it that's the only reason why. Never once have ever been blown away by their sandwiches. Just annoyed that I have to get extra meat. So unless you absolutely love Jimmy Johns do yourself a huge favor and go to Port of Subs (not Subway never Subway) where you will not need extra meat and your sandwich will be better. Oh and the cheese comes with the sandwich also. Oh and its going to seem like twice the food. One last thing I do not like about this place is the crazy delivery culture that their subs are freaky fast or so fast you'll freak. The Jimmy John management must be forcing their drivers to drive un safely fast through the parking lot. Then I see the driver get out of his vehicle and just start sprinting through the lot to get his next order. What's up with that? . Do you think we don't notice how un safe your delivery practices are? So in conclusion yes I will still eat at Jimmy Johns but only for the convenience.  But I Will not eat here as regularly any longer.
2	this was my 2nd visit and once again I'm nOt impressed! Sandwiches are blah, bread has no flavor and wasn't fresh....2 bites into it and my bread broke apart, the sandwich had so much mayo everything inside was sliding out (napkins are hidden behind the counter - so I had to keep asking for more because they would only give 2 at a time) sandwich tasted like a mayo lettuce sandwich, the other ingredients were well hidden :/The 2 stars given are for the customer service which didn't kick in until the end of our meal when the guys decided to ask us how our food was,  up until then we were ignored (aside from taking our order). The location is hidden so don't make the effort to find it....go to Capriottis--down the street at the Summerlin Mall
3	Just made it back in to give it another shot. I just had to make it on here to say that I had a very nice Jimmy Johns experience. The sandwich had some meat on it. The service was great and served up very fast!
4	No matter which one I drop into, the staff is always friendly!And the sandwiches are FAST!I have to admit, although they are know for their sub rolls, I like the sandwiches.The subs feel a bit to thin for my liking, but the sandwiches on sliced wheat bread are just right!I use them at work, when I am feeding the staff. The app is amazingly simple and specific. Plus, I can request names on each sandwich! So much easier than opening and looking to figure out who gets what!
2	It was 4 pm and I was the only customer in the store.  Three young guys behind the counter laughing and telling stories...one turned around and took my order and paid, the sandwich was laying beside the cash register...no question of what bread I wanted or how I wanted it dressed.  I really wished I could have another dressing on the sandwich...I guess they make it one way..  No glass was handed to me...I figured out To get it myself.  No napkins...I found those by going toward the back and reaching over the counter into the kitchen area...by the time I grabbed my sandwich and drink they were all turned around laughing and joking.  I'm still wondering where the drink lids and straws were.  The sandwich was okay...nothing special. Going to Quiznos.  I won't be back to JJ.
4	The staff is friendly and the service is fast. Enjoyed the Vito and the JJBLT. Fresh ingredients and a nice soft sub bun.  The 8 inch is the perfect size for me. Not much seating space. However I prefer to do take out and enjoy at home.
1	Went once,  took one bite and got my money back right there and then. I would never go back. Portions are miserly to say the least. I asked for tomatoes on my eight inch sub and they gave me two tomatoes slices the size of a half dollar.  I paid 75 cents for a scoop of avocado puree the size of a quarter. When I told them the ingredients were skimped on,  the head shift person told me they get that complaint on a regular basis.   If I wanted a piece of bread with a slice of meat on it I could have done that at home. My money was refunded right away.
