5	this is my absolutely favorite place to eat and hang out in Montreal!!!first of all it's all vegetarian and the menu is extensive! the prices are in medium range but there are discounts for students.the best part about this place is the ambiance! a bit hippie and very relaxed. It has multiple rooms - each of them decorated differently. Some has couches, some have tables, some have rocking chairs, some are lit by the light from a window, some with a candle lights. There is also a bar stand and live music concerts. The staff is very friendly and mostly only french speaking. They also only accept cash (I always forget that)It's hard to find them at first but if you know the exact address look for a tiny door that will lead you directly to a 2nd floor through a narrow set of stairs. amazing place to hangout, eact and relax!enjoy!
5	Without a doubt my favourite Bohemian/hippie spot in Montreal. Yummy well-priced veggie food, friendly staff (the lady with the wicked tattoos has wonderful energy and smile), and very relaxed vibe. I recall there being free wifi when I did some work there one time. At first glance it would appear somebody forgot to finish the design i.e. where did the consistency go? Every room is different - a mish mash of tables and chairs in one spot, then around the corner there's couches or mats for sitting on the floor, and the beauty of it is it works. Yet, there is a consistency in flow and feel here. It's very easy to strike up a conversation with randoms in there. There's lots of natural lighting and candles.There's also live bands playing every night I believe. (Check the website to be sure). Literally 2 mins walk from Berri-Uqam metro, if you're in Montreal you must drop by this place. In many ways it's representative of the relaxed and welcoming feel of the city and its people that I've come to love.
5	good food, cool relaxed environment, often with live music.  have to buy food to drink but the food is never a disappointment.
1	I was really looking forward to this place after reading the other reviews. But what is it with some alternative places. Do they not have noses? The air in this restaurant was so stale it turned me off completely. Learn to open the windows and air things out every day! Also, no one said hello or even looked at me when I came in and walked around a little looking for a table.
1	Mean waitress. Long wait for food. Soso food. Creep patrons. But good music.Dirty interior.
2	Grungy looking place with a grungy clientele. It's been cleaned up a bit since then, no more street people or kids coming in to just smoke pot or sleep; guess all the cops dropping in to look things over, changed that. There are now some Tiffany-styled hanging lamps, the walls have been painted, and the clientele is starting to resemble the Cagibi types. As for the food, better to eat vegan at Panthere Vert and DEFINITELY avoid their vegan baked desserts.... ewww! If you just want to have a few beers or drinks, you will have to order food though; they only have a restaurant, and not, a bar license. I have to add here, there was a mouse running around the place the evening we were here,NOT a little white pet one either, very off -putting. All in all, I think most come here for the very relaxed, laissez- faire vibe and sometimes good music, than anything else.
2	They have one waitress here that is a super duper bitch.She has blond hair and dark eyebrows and speaks french. The rest of the staff I haven't had any problems with.The music is great. Don't even bother speaking English here....(you know what I mean)Some creepy patrons come in.The place looks like someones grungy home.The food is bad. It takes forever to get to you.
3	It is certainly fitting that the first thing you see when entering L'Escalier is a set of stairs. Aptly named, although once up those stairs, the name that comes to mind is "L'Apartement Etudiant". The decor looks and feels like an apartment we all had in university, from the paint colours to the cushions on the floor a-la-the-futon-mattress-without-a-bedframe. And the patrons are part of the decor too. In my mid-30's, I felt very young in L'Escalier, though I was certainly one of the oldest people there. Oh, and if there was a bouncer, I feel like I would have been denied entry because I don't have enough hair (facial and on top of my head) - oh the beards!Foodwise, my friends and I were very pleased. One had a soup and sandwich, one had the warm goat cheese salad, and I had the veggie pizza. No complaints here. There were a number of things on the menu that they did not have, and some of the prices on the menu were not what was charged, so those are unprofessional annoyances, but I have only good things to say about the food. I did not enjoy the lemon-ginger drink; I found it way too strong, ginger-wise, but one friend enjoyed hers, so it could be me. The atmosphere, to me, was comfortable and homey. All kinds of areas to lounge in, I saw people reading books, eating, drinking, having a meeting, you name it. Versatile describes this place well - oh, and unique! Mismatched furniture and cutlery fit very well in this place that is as unpretentious as they come. What you see is what you get. As to previous comments that English is not welcome or not well-received here, I must object. Having read these comments before going, I walked in with my proverbial back up, but quickly saw more than enough evidence to the contrary to dismiss the complaint outright. English posters on the cork board, English musician, DJ and guest names, English in the washrooms, and to boot, tonight was open mic night, and there was tons of English without any language-based outbursts. As for controversy, there's nothing to see here.I was quite disappointed, however, at one experience, and those who have read past reviews of mine will hear a familiar refrain. When I went to pay for my food, the guy (who I'm told is NOT the owner) rang it up, pressed "total" to show the total with tax, and then when I paid, pressed "cancel" and opened the till manually. No receipt. When I called him on it, he looked very defensive and got very nervous. Either he's pocketing money from the till or this is a concerted effort to conceal sales and keep sales taxes. I don't know which one, but both are very wrong.  And, L'Escalier is a CASH ONLY business, so his actions left me thinking that this wasn't the first time he's done this! While the food prices are phenomenally affordable, there is absolutely no excuse for this.Bottom line: 4 stars for the good food and the unique atmosphere, minus 1 for the cash register issue, lack of service (took 30 minutes to get food out), and archaic cash only policy.
4	This is usually a bohemian live music kind of joint, but on Sundays, it's Latin night! Montreal is known as the Latin capital of the North, and spend any time there you'll see why. It's just a different way of life unfamiliar to the Anglo-Saxon world. From the fashion sense of the average resident to the unique culture that is French-derived (i.e. Latin). There are lots of  people from South America and the Caribbean in this city and they like to come out here to dance some salsa once in a while. The live music is great and the beers are cheap.  It can be a little cramped and you'll sure work up a sweat on the dance floor, but fun will be had for sure!
4	Friendly. Comfortably like a hippie student union. Various dusty couches and third hand furniture, live music, old musty wood and a lot of different rooms. Some floor-seating. Everyone's friendly enough. The food is dense, ethical, simple and good. Temaki pasta was huge portioned. Grilled cheese was small, sharp cheddar and crusty bread. Good beer options if you want to try local beers.
4	A friend from UQAM brought me here. Great for a snack or healthy lunch with a side of beer. Pick through some of their collections of old books and board games, just don't be surprised when you're missing some peices.
4	This is exactly what I'd been looking for near work. Healthy, well-made, vegetarian basics. It's shocking how hard it is to find a decent sandwhich in this town. The place is easy to miss and both the service and decor are bare bones but the people are friendly, the menu is creative and the quality to price ratio is impressive. Cash only, so come prepared.
4	Really casual veggie resto bar hidden upstairs. Affordable menu of tasty bar type food. Eclectic comfy decor. Order at the bar first (try the nachos!) then find a table. Enjoy live music and chill vibes.
5	Very hip place, zen yet full of surprising energy from all the different type of crowd you see there. Loving staff, the place gives that same family feel after 2-3 visits.Food is excellent and alcohol is satisfying.If you're backpacking in town, be sure to stop by relax on a couch i. The back and go through the book cabinet- there is always some surprisingly great reading material.
