1	First, the good stuff: the staff are really nice.That being said, the units are ghetto. Burglars smash and grab in broad daylight. Domestically violent neighbors require police assistance in the night hours. The door locks are a joke. Snow removal seems to be done on an "at will" basis. Units haven't been renovated in decades, aside from the incidental balcony that needs to be brought up to code -- seriously, is this carpet original? The water literally takes 5min to rise in temp from frigid to lukewarm, and another 5min to rise to shower temp. All the sockets are so old and worn-out that plugs fall out under their own weight -- WTF?It could be worse I guess. I could live next to a crack house.
2	I lived here following college, and I enjoyed the laid-back atmosphere and relative peace and quiet. I believe this started to change about the time that I left, but at the time it was pretty nice. I had a ground floor one bedroom that looked out at the pond and the pool. I especially enjoyed sitting outside on the patios, although there was an inordinate amount of insects in the summer. There was always a decent amount of parking, but it seemed that there were many cars that were virtually abandoned in the parking lot. The office staff were pretty laid back, but I never had anything wrong so I can't rate that aspect.I've had a couple of friends and acquaintances that had lived there after I had left, and they've consistently panned the place.  It has also been in the news from time to time due to shootings, stabbings and other assorted crime.  It's really too bad, since they have a decent location and grounds, and with some upkeep it could be a low-cost option in Middleton.
1	My rating used to be four stars, yes that's four stars. I wouldn't even give this ONE star now.Living here has turned out to be a complete nightmare. They are not military friendly at all, they claim to be. We are in TX on orders, they assured us they would renew our lease over and over including several times in September, October, November and December when we inquired about terminating our lease for military orders. We were repeatedly reassured that it would not be an issue to renew in April (while we would still be gone). However, in February, after swindling us for 7 months of extra rent, they informed us they would not be renewing our lease. Fine, their prerogative in the end (although I was BEYOND ticked over this). Now they have been giving "notices" to enter our apartment while we're gone even though every single person in their office is full aware that we're in TX and they can't be bothered to send an email to actually make 24 hours notice. Carla in the front office is great and Mike who heads up maintenance is a saint, but otherwise, the staff here is AWFUL, the walls are thin, the rules are not enforced for quiet time, smoking policy or anything else listed in the lease except when they want to harass you and take advantage. I would hope that any decent person is able to stay clear of this apartment complex!
