4	They have recently spent some time improving and upgrading the Wetlands. They have a new edition of the Exhibit Gallery. It is open 7 days a week, 9am - 3pm and is free entry. They do have a donation box by the front desk if you wish to make a donation.Upon entry, there is a guest entry sign in log and a gentleman that was friendly. He asked us if this was our fist visit and told us to have fun. He also informed us to make sure that our little guy sat on the frog. That we would not want to miss out on that. You go around the front desk and it leads you to a great big room that is broken up into sections. There is a play area where you will find the frog and other animals and a tunnel that the kiddos can play in/around.There is a video center, educational workstations, and other educational set ups. This reminds me of the Clark County Natural History Museum but on a much smaller scale and with more focus on the Wetlands area natural habitat.We probably spent a good 45 minutes in the gallery. Making the most of each station and educating our kiddo on the animals and letting him explore.So if you are in the area and want to do a little walking along the trails, make sure you stop and visit the Exhibit Gallery. And if you have a little one, please make sure he sits on the frog. It is fun surprise for the kiddos. This place is free and family friendly, so I will definitely be returning.
5	My family and I visited Wetlands Park for a normal stroll around the area and found out it was the Exhibit Gallery's grand opening on Jan. 20.  I honestly didn't expect much from the Exhibit due to the parks reputation of being a dump, but it looks like they did tidy up a bit.  I was surprised to see a center of hands on activities and an interactive gallery full of discovery similar to Springs Preserve.  Although the exhibit is geared towards children equipped with play areas and workstations, I found myself pressing every button, pulling every lever and cranking every wheel until my level of child-like curiosity had subsided.  At the time of the opening there was no charge, but I'm not quite sure if there will be in the future.  Either way, the Exhibit Gallery is a must see, specially if you have children.  There is also a cafe next to the gallery where kids can quietly do their homework after school.  Looks like Vegas isn't as superficial as I thought.  Way to go tree-huggers!!!
5	So much fun for the kids to explore. Check this place out. Just a reminder dogs r not allowed.
4	With a tiny play area made up of a giant scale ground gopher, dragon fly, toad and birds nest your wee ones can view the perspective of the creatures right outside the doors.  There are so many facts to be learned and wonderfully redone taxidermy displays.  This is a perfect first stop before exploring the washland trails.  Come early because it closes doors at 3pm.
