2	there are scarier circle k's, but this one is up there. the gas is usually more expensive than other places because it's right off the 10 (the parking is horrible, too), and the odds are 2:1 that you will be asked for money by a homeless dude or crack addict. i've also been offered a tv for $10 before. so that was pretty weird.also there is a creepy dungeons-and-dragony/world-of-warcraft type dude that always hangs out and sits on the counter late at night. it's pretty obvious that he thinks he is super cool because of it. he kind of reminds me of the comic book guy from the simpsons except like 10 times more douchey.the short little security guy always talks really loud whenever people are inside so that they think he's cool and telling jokes (he's not, and he's not).
4	Just don't come here after sun down and all should be well.This Circle K has the smallest most ridiculous parking lot I've seen at a gas station. But when it's anytime before 8am, I have one eye open and I'm desperate for a sugar free redbull, who really gives a flying cow about the parking lot? Just let me at the damn caffeine. The clerk in the morning is smiley. Sometimes she compliments me on my hair. Once she asked if she could touch it. Um, ok, go ahead, I'll just be cracking open this redbull. She speaks to me in Spanish. Everyone there speaks to everyone in Spanish, and a bus depot that goes to Mexico is right next door. For some reason, I like that it a place. This morning the redbulls for 2 for $3. Four stars all the way!!
1	I stopped here to get gas after my partners show.  My partner went in to use the bathroom as he had many times before, the cashier told him "we don't have a bathroom for you"...obviously the cashier is homophobic and I would suggest that u not give this circle k your business. I will be calling his manager and corprate in the morning
1	Awful experience when there was a problem with the pump after I swiped my credit card.  I tried to use the pump but it was stuck or something and didn't work, so I went inside and asked the clerk to cancel the transaction because I was going to try another pump.  He said there was no transaction to cancel.  I went to another pump and as I was pumping my gasoline, another person pulled up and I could see that she was pumping on my credit card transaction, so I went inside and the idiot clerk wouldn't do a thing about it after he told me there was nothing to cancel out.  The woman who used my credit card refused to pay me for the gas she stole.  Had to get their corporate office involved to get my refund.  What a nightmare.
2	PHOENIX: this is officially the closest gas station to PHX airport rental car return!  For this reason I give it two stars.  Otherwise it is just a crummy little gas station with outdated pumps, lousy drink selection, lousy candy selection, lousy food selection, and a terrific selection of indecent men's magazines.
3	My go to for late-night ice cream bars and last minute sixers of Sierra Nevada when company's coming.  The walk-in beer cooler is nice when it's hot out and the staff is always pleasant.  Could be better staffed. Three stars just because they're planning a massive gas station across the street which would just make the intersection crazier than it already is.
