5	The Leatherneck Club is totally cool. My boy Mo turned me on to this place, as he and his Vet buddies from Operation Desert Storm used to go there and swap tales with the oldtimers. It is practically a museum to the USMC, with all sorts of insignia, signage, pictures and even war souvenirs like captured kalishnikov rifles, grenades, and flags from WWII and Vietnam. Plus, after drinking there and staggering out into the night, you feel like you are in Singapore or Hanoi, what with the neon lights, asian signage and massage parlors everywhere. If you are a marine, you are to REPORT THERE IMMEDIATELY OR DROP AND GIVE ME TWENTY. Hoo -Ra!
5	Oh My God.  Where do I begin.  It was love at first sight.  At once when I first started frequenting the place, I honestly was a little leery of dining there.  My buddy told me to order the Pepper Burger ! Holy Hell !!!!!! Freaking Amazing.  The food there is to die for.  Ill be across town & drive over for TACO TUES or a Green Chili burger.  The drinks are fabulous & everyone is so friendly.All the military memorabilia is really cool & the bunker out back is sweet ! Thank you for your service & the great chow !
5	Love this place. If you're a Marine who finds yourself in Vegas definitely check this place out. The crew of the Leatherneck Club hosted our Squadron for a party during one of our Nellis training Dets.
5	If you are a Marine and you come to Las Vegas you owe it to yourself to stop in and check out the Leatherneck Club.  It is a Bar/Grill that is part Museum part Marine Corps Party House.  Beer is super cheap at about $2.00 for domestics and the food is priced as well.  One of the best burgers I have had in Vegas.
5	I belong to a Marine Corps League detachment and one of the old timers told me about this joint. What better place to put a Marine bar than smack dab in the middle of Chinatown and right next to an Asian massage parlor no less? I can neither confirm nor deny that the massages at the aforementioned establishment have a happy ending, but I can tell you that if you are a Marine or a devil doc, checking out this place IS A MUST! If you are the child or grandchild of a Marine or devil doc, or even a new girlfriend of one, bringing your vet here during your next Vegas trip IS A MUST.They didn't lie when they said they have some of the coldest beer in town. They carry both import and domestic, but sadly no Dos XX's. No drink is over $5 and they pour pretty strong. They also have a few beers on tap to include a hefenweizen. Deb was our bartender and her husband Spider cooks in the galley, and they have lunch specials and Friday night dinners too. From what I hear, Spider cooks a mean meal and even does catering for the events that go on at their hall, which is available to rent for special events.They are home to the Marine Corps Riders motorcycle club as well. inside their hall, they have memorabilia from WWI all the way up to OIF/OEF ranging from uniforms to campaign commemorative K-bars and even enemy articles as well. I am sure they'd take any kind of donations if you have them to add to their museum. I noticed they didn't have much air wing stuff so I donated my squadron patch (HMH-465) to them. If you want gear to take home, they have a small PX and sell challenge coins and T-shirts from their MCL detachment and a few basic USMC veterans covers too.The last bit of info I can pass on is that its a little hard to find cause its in the middle of the Arville Shoppingtown Square ant can't easily be seen from the street. Just look for the big yellow MASSAGE sign with red lettering on the right hand side. You can't miss it!  And you won't want to either! Its just like being in an E-club on base and I'd imagine just like the SNCO or O clubs too. They have a few regulars there and a retired colonel whose a member there made us feel right at home from the moment we walked in the doo and even bought me and my compadre, also a Marine a couple of shots. If you are reading this Col. Czech (Tom), thanks for your hospitality!  Like the say, Once a Marine Always a Marine! Semper Fi!
5	As a Navy vet I like supporting other vets and as someone who's lived in New Mexico I can tell you this is the best green chile I've had in Las Vegas. Good burger, good fries and a nice kick to the chile!Semper Fi Devil Dogs!
1	TERRIBLE service! Awful beef tacos! And horrible service. We actually had to approach the bartender for our food and drinks. Wish I could have a job where all I do is sit and play games on my phone. Would NOT come back and definitely don't recommend it!! Two thumbs DOWN!
5	I don't come here for the food or because it's a nice and trendy place. I come here because I'm a US Marine, even the good drinks are cheap, and I'm surrounded by my brothers. Very simple.
2	The leatherneck used to be a great place to drink with fellow Marines.  Since the new wanna 1% biker management started the leatherneck club is becoming more about dirt bag bikers and less about marines.  Bikers that never served but act like the own the place.  Eventually the leatherneck will go under since they are driving the Marines away!!!!  Solution: get rid of the management and the marine corps riders who don't help matters!!
5	If you're a Devil Dog and visiting Las Vegas, get off the strip and visit the Leatherneck Club!  The moment you park your vehicle, get out and observe the sign "Marine Corps League Leatherneck Club," you will feel right at home.  As you enter, you will observe the museum with artifacts dating back to World War I (All donated from Marines and their family members).  You never know who you will run into while there.  I was fortunate to be there the same time as SSgt Tim Chambers, aka, "THE Saluting Marine" and a Korean War Veteran.  What an inspiration they were!  To the Marines who manage Leatherneck Club, THANK YOU with all my heart.  You all welcomed my family and I with open arms.  Semper Fi!
5	The Leatherneck Club is a great place to visit when you're in Las Vegas and for locals its a place filled with camaraderie and decor that can't be found anywhere else. As one of  the club manager's we try to do our best to give 100% to our customers. Please stop in when you're around and we'll do are best to make you feel right at home. Semper Fi and thank you for you're service.
5	Was not sure what to expect after reading a couple of the negative reviews. I found the spot by following the directions about the large MASSAGE sign near the China Mall. If you like chili you must have the "chesty"!Brandy was doing a great job keeping the old salts happy.  I will visit whenever I am in Vegas and will tell all Marines not to miss this site!Semper Fidelis0351 63/67MCL detachment 1156
5	Great place of your a Marine.  Alot of history and brotherhood here.  Chesty burger is awesome.  Chesty beer is even better.  It is turning into a all around biker bar on Friday and Saturday nights (not just Marine Riders).  But they are all respectful and awesome. Never had a problem.  My kinda bar.  SemperFi
