5	At first i wasn't sure about this restaurant because i found it a bit skeptical...Chinese people cooking western food but it turned out so great! The food is excellent! The price is super affordable and if you want something special...u can always ask them and they will make it. Their cheesecake is to die for...every dish is made with such care. They also offer morning breakfast and Chinese food for lunch. At night they have western food. The place is quite small and the decoration of the place is ok...but food is awesome there. On top of that...it's bring your own wine too =)
5	The three of us, my grandmother, mother and myself were looking for international cuisine, but we found so much more at Mrs. Amigos!!!! This is a small restaurant run by one woman, a kind-hearted lady who barely advertises, just trying to make ends meet. But there is more than what meets the eye, her professional, delicious gourmet French cuisine at a steal! Affordable, amazing and HIGHLY recommended. Patient service, even through a language barrier. The atmosphere is INCREDIBLY friendly. I have absolutely NOTHING even moderately bad to say about this low-key treasure of a diner.
5	After a very strenuous morning of paddling, my dragon boat team chose to have lunch at Mrs. Amigos. We made reservations but showed up early as a few members of our team had flights to catch. This was not a problem for the staff here.  We were all seated comfortably and were even served with some tasty spring rolls!  All of us were starving so I was a little worried on how quickly we would be served our food as this is a very small restaurant suited to serve about 20 people and we pretty much filled the capacity. To my surprise we were served in good time. The staff here is very efficient and so friendly. They made us all feel at home. You can tell that the chef in the kitchen takes pride in her cooking as it was cooked perfectly and the ingredients used are all fresh.  I have to say that if I lived in the south shore I would be a regular here. I can't wait to come back here!
