4	Mac and cheese and cheese and melted cheese..these are a few of my favorite things. PapiQueso satisfies the need that I didn't even know existed in Charlotte for a grilled cheese, excuse me, gourmet grilled cheese food truck. I sampled the Pig Mac: mac and cheese, pulled pork and bourbon onions 3/5. The bourbon onions were a bit too overwhelming but seriously mac and cheese on a sandwich? Genius. I also tried the Dessert Melt: Nutella, strawberries, honey and bruleed marshmallow - amazing and not so fancy that I think I could make this one at home easily 4/5 and the Leek and Mushroom 5/5: Gruyere - you can not ever go wrong with gruyere, robiola, (which makes me think of the measles/mumps/rubella shots we got as kids- don't worry this won't sting, leek confit, mushrooms and truffle aioli.  Prices for sandwiches are $6-8 and I can't wait to try the "small batch" sodas mentioned on the side of the truck.
4	SANDWICHES? SOUP? Ok, I'm in,I like  everything I tried here, including the Pig Mac. I mostly stand against NC barbecue but when you put it on a grilled cheese.... well I kinda have to like it. The truffle kettle chips were earthy, sophisticated, and delicious. The tomato bisque, though, was the star of the non-sandwich category. It's pretty awesome as far as soups go. Somewhere in the top 10 of my all-time fave list. So far.Definitely going to have to catch up with them again.
5	Update::  as promised I've been back. And back again. And back some more. I have tried a while bevy of their sandwich offerings and am never disappointed. The French onion is a classic as is the Pig Mac. I mean - mac and cheese, pulled pork and bourbon onions between two slices of bread and grilled??? Come on with that goodness!!! Although I'm not a fan of mushrooms I tried the leek & mushroom and loved it. Their menu rotates a lot so each time you go you can try something new. Be on the lookout for the Spanish chorizo and the chicken & grapes as some of their specials - you will not be disappointed!! Next on my list to try is their tomato soup!I had seen that this truck was doing a launch party - a week after it happened!  I was devastated because well, I love cheese.  Recently while out at Salud, this truck was parked outside and I had some of the truffle potato chips and they haunt me.  They were unbelievably delicious.  I am most definitely going to find this truck and try more food of theirs.  In fact, I want to try ALL of it!!  Even the mushroom sandwich and I do not like mushrooms, but I have such faith that this sandwich will make my heart melt.  Can't wait to sample more of your yummies!!!!
5	The sheer fact that there is a food truck in town, specializing and capitalizing on one of our planet's most universal comfort foods, brings a smile to my face....and heart....and taste buds....and stomach. Had the pleasure of checking these guys out at their launch and whilst getting boozy at Triple C. Brian, owner, and his staff are churning out grilled cheese like mom used to make....and some mom has never even heard of. Gotta hand it the menu for these fellas. You can certainly venture for au originale or something a little more on the adventurous end of the culinary spectrum. Can't say there is anything better than a standard grilled cheese, but the varieties with pork, southwestern chicken, leek & mushroom, and the dessert option with nutella are certainly worth shaking a stick at. We all know a grilled cheese is best accompanied by soup, chips, or something comparable. Brian has you covered. Rosemary and truffle chips and the tomato soup are available to turn your sammy into a dynamic duo. Pair these jokers with beer from Triple C and you're well on your way to a fine meal fit for the streets of Crown Town.Prices can seem a little steep at first, but do yourself a favor and talk to Brian or the staff about what kinds of cheese they're utilizing. You'll be happy you did. Also, they have Square, so those of you with no cashola, fear not. Catch these guys at a food truck roundup or chillin' at Triple C!
5	Papi Queso is definitely an adult's grilled cheese & I am proud to say, "I am hooked!" I can't believe it took me so long to try them out, but thankfully they were at the Southend food truck event on a cool fall Friday night.I went for the Little Muenster & added bacon. While there was a minor mishap that took some time - a teenager took my order by mistake - an employee made up for it by not only giving me the teenager's order (a French Onion), I got my order, as well. This is customer service, folks! First off, their truck is gorgeous; it's black & orange, which you can see from afar.  Their employees...so friendly! The branding of the sandwich boxes, which feature a mustache stamped on the corner, is absolute genius!  Now, the sandwiches...oh my! Perfect grilled bread on a flattop, with a beautiful golden brown color. The cheese...oooey, gooey, stretches- out-when-you-bite-into-it yumminess! I am definitely more than a fan...they've become my favorite food truck!
5	Another  Saturday night hanging out at NoDa Brewing and we luck out that Papi Queso is parked there providing food.  I have been waiting to try their food for a while now and I was not disappointed.  The guys in the truck were super friendly and very informative about their menu.  Fairly simple menu of different grilled cheeses/melts and a few sides like tomato soup, truffled kettle chips and pickles, which are all traditional sides for grilled cheese as far as I am concerned.  The leek and mushroom sandwich was calling my name.  Gruyere cheese and mushrooms, you had me at hello.  Chips were great with parmesan and rosemary flavors standing out prominently. I am usually not a big fan of pickles, but these were addictive.Overall menu is pretty simple and I am not sure if they mix it up or not. Good variety of melts from 5-8$ and sides from 3-5$. They do have some extras to add to any melt, but I am not sure if you can build your own or if they have other options for bread.Bottom line: I will definitely be visiting Papi Queso again whenever I get the chance.
3	We were excited to learn that the truck was going to be at the Sleepy Poet Community Blood Drive and Yard Sale - Killing 3 birds!  Since we had a family to feed, we tried a sampler of 4 different sandwiches and the Bread Pudding.  They took a long time to make, which is understandable, but a bit unexpected on just how long.  We got the Pig Mac, French Onion (I added roasted tomatoes), the 3 Cheese and the Chicken with roasted Grapes.  All very interesting new flavors, for sure!  My personal favorite was the French Onion, while the Chicken at first bite was quite unusual, but I warmed up to it after a couple of bites.  Not a fan of the Pig Mac w/Mac & Cheese & pulled pork on a Sandwich, but one in our party was.  The 3 cheese was not anything exciting to any of us.  I think I was expecting larger sandwiches and/or a side or drink for the $, so that's why a 3 star, and the wait.  We also got the Bread Pudding, which was delicious!   And the service was very pleasant.
5	two words ahhh---mazing....and it's great that they do lunch in our area... Thanks Crystal for the find...
5	When you go to a gourmet food truck specializing in grilled cheese, you know it's going to be awesome.  I mean, even at it's most basic form, it's bread and cheese which is probably the best combination out there.  My sister raves about this truck so when I came down to visit, she told me we HAD to go.  There was no need to twist my arm about it, so we tracked them down at Triple C brewery one night.  One glance at the menu and I knew what I was getting.  Their special grilled cheese for the night was a bacon, fig, and manchego grilled cheese.  The chef inside told me they put baby arugula on it as well (I'm not sure if he was just excited about the special or warning me so I knew what to expect, but either way I knew I was going to enjoy it).  We sat down inside the brewery and they brought our sandwiches in to us.  Each box is stamped with the papi queso mustache (which is probably the cutest logo ever) and a stamp to show what sandwich you have.  I got to try a bite of everyone's sandwich at the table.  The leek and mushroom was probably my least favorite, only because I'm not a mushroom fan, but it wasn't bad at all, just not my favorite.  Third on the list was the french onion soup grilled cheese.  It had a very mellow, complex caramalized onion flavor which was really, really delicious.  I then had a bite of the sandwich they're most known for, the Pig Mac.  It's easy to see why this is a staple on their menu, pulled pork, mac and cheese, yeah, it was amazing.But the clear winner of the night was the special.  The smokey bacon, the sweet fig, the creamy melty manchego, and the mustardy bite of the arugula all worked so perfectly together.  I may not live in Charlotte, but Papi Queso is now on my list of "must-go" places when I'm visiting.  And if you're reading this, add this special to your regular menu.  Seriously.
5	Papi Queso is the best grilled cheese you can get in Charlotte.  Forget the their pairings are innovative and can please any palette--they're expertly prepared.  The bread is grilled to the perfect crispyness.  So if you're a carnavore, go for the Pig Mac and if you're a veggie, try the Mushroom Leek. Something for everyone!
5	Today was my third visit to Papi Queso, it's everything I love, a simple menu with limited items, fresh/real products, great service and Papi makes each sandwich as if it were for himself.  You can tell each sandwich is prepared with care.I do not think I can drive by Papi Queso without stopping.  Warning Papi, I'm coming to get you!
5	Great grilled cheese and friendly service. Couldn't ask for more. Have tried the Big Cheesy, the Pig Mac and my favorite, the Leek and Mushroom.  All three were well worth it. Comfort food on wheels!
5	Papi Queso is one of my favorite Gourmet Food Trucks.  I have had three of their sandwiches to date and I like each one better than the next.  Today it was the Jack Turkey: roasted turkey, pepper jack, shaved red onion, banana peppers and basil.  With a side of their kick-ass tomato soup- its the perfect lunch.  YUM!!   The only sandwich I didn't love was the Pig Mac but that is only because I don't care for smoked meat, but seriously?  mac n cheese on a grilled cheese?  Again, YUM!
4	Oh, Food Truck....where have you been all my life????  The only reason I'm giving you 4 stars out of 5 is because I couldn't have everything on your truck!  :)  Honestly, the Pig Mac and whatever that French Onion one was was BLOW MY MIND.....I would like to try the soup and some of the other sandwiches, which I will be doing on Food Truck Friday (which I just found out about) that happens in the South End every Friday night.....yes, oh yes....I've found my new reason for working out during the week.  To blow it on eating gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches. :)
4	I sampled several while at a Yelp event and was extremely impressed. The 3 cheese was by far the best "original" style grilled cheese I have ever had. The french onion soup grilled cheese tasted like they had trapped traditional french onion soup in a sandwhich.  The last one I tried, I cant even remember what it was called but it was my favorite. It had pastromi and i swear there was a slice of green apple on it. I bet everything he makes is just amazing.The only reason I didnt give him 5 stars is because I hear the prices are kind of steep. I think that is because people are looking at it as a grilled cheese but its really is more of a gourmet sandwhich. If I see him out and about I will definately be stopping by.
5	Ummm yeah, what an amazing concept for a food truck. These guys are seriously stupid good. Sliced bread, melted cheese with amazing ingredients added, puts another label on comfort food.After looking over the menu with my friend, I wanted to try every sandwich they had. Unfortunately, that would be to much to take on that many sandwiches. So we decided to get two separate sandwiches and split them. We got the pastrami and the mac and cheese with the pulled pork. Both sandwiches were amazing. The mac and cheese and pulled pork was by far the best one but the pastrami was good on its own also. It is just tough to beat amazing mac and cheese, delicious pulled pork and then more cheese added to that. Papi Queso is a great additional to our already wonderful food trucks in the QC. Check them out! You will be glad you did!
5	This quickly became my favorite food truck because for my taste buds, there's nothing that can compete with their flavors. Plus, the awesome owners surely don't hurt my love for this truck. But what is a food truck without a great concept? This truck definitely has found theirs. Their carefully created gourmet grilled cheeses are nothing like those your mother made, but that's what makes them great. Until Papi Queso, I didn't think I could be in love with each and every bite of a savory sweet and cheesy sandwich.The other great thing about this food truck is it's very visible. Often times, I have difficulty locating food trucks; however, this one tends to be out all the time and is ready to serve.
5	Found them at the food track gathering at South End on Friday night.  Great atmosphere, definitely want to do it again.  Wife got the Little Green Meunster and she said it was the best grilled cheese she's ever had.  I got a little bite and have to agree!  Later went back for the Tomatillo & Taragon soup and it was amazing as well.  I got the bread pudding w/salted caramel and it was delicious!  Can't go wrong -staff was friendly and I overheard some good recommendations/dealings with other customers.  Definitely will find them again!
5	Oh my gosh, this is freaking delicious. Their truffle chips were mouthwatering and the Pig Mac was so good I had to toss the final corner of the sandwich out the car window or I was going to eat it all & give myself a stomach ache. (I was really full.) It's the perfect mix of salty, cheesy, fatty, & a touch sweet. Yum, put the South in your mouth.
5	I was so excited to be in Charlotte and see this food truck at Food Truck Fridays!  A big fan of anything with truffle oil, I KNEW I wanted to try the truffle kettle chips.  Unfortunately, by the time I got there they were all gone... (of course!)Instead, I tried a grilled cheese with pear and truffle. (I don't remember the exact name)  but it was the best combination of salty and sweet that all melts in your mouth!  To keep warm, I also had their tomato + tarragon soup... the creamiest and livened up a boring grilled cheese and tomato soup I would normally make at home.  This food truck introduced me to the endless possibilities to make something like a grilled cheese "sophisticated."My only drawback is that a grilled cheese starts at $5-6?!  I know truffle oil is expensive... but I guess that's what comes with a sophisticated meal, a sophisticated price!
5	You know those kinds of meals after you eat it, you're already planning when you can have it again? That's how I feel about the grilled cheese and soup from Papi Queso!First off, this grilled cheese truck is not your run-of-the-mill cafeteria grilled cheese.  This is nice firm white bread, perfectly girdled on a flat top and holds amazing cheeses and ingredients inside.  None of that processed, cellophane wrapped junk from your elementary school days!  The other reviewers really say it all...so I'll keep this brief.  I always get myself a French onion sandwich which would be awesome with just swiss...but also has provolone and mozz and these roasted, super sweet onions.  MMMMM I want one right now as I type.  I always add roasted tomatos if they're on the menu and get a cup of their tomato soup, which is like tomato candy.  It's soothing and very creamy...definitely not Campbells or anything you had growing up as a kid.   As if that weren't enough, a dollop of creme fraiche and drizzle of olive oil make for a double rich experience. Really, this could be served in a porcelain bowl in a white-tableclothed restaurant. PS: The bread pudding is a must...and the packaging is adorable.  I won't describe the packaging for you, so you can go see if for yourself.  Track 'em down now!
4	Caught up with Papi Queso at the last Friday Food Trucks rally in South End.  Their menu offered something for everyone - the standard grilled cheese to the fancy schmancy stuff. Their special, red wine braised short rib with cambozola, caught my attention... Oh man! The short rib was super tender with a slight sweetness from the red wine. It balanced really nicely with the salty, creaminess from the cambozola. I can't wait to try more stuff off their menu!Just a note... They charge a credit card fee.
5	Aye, Papi!  The worst thing about this grilled cheese food truck is trying to decide which of the drippy options to order.  I've had the Leek & Cheese (tastes like a piping hot bowl of french onion soup), Little Muenster (the kick of wasabi is just right, and not too spicy), and the Pear & Truffle (salty AND sweet), and have been blown away every time.  For additional sides, you can pick between the truffle potato chips (so gourmet) and the tomato soup (served in a coffee mug, this soup feels like a warm hug).  Everything Papi makes is cooked with love; get ready to stalk them via Facebook or Twitter to see where they're set up today!(And yes, they accept credit cards via on-site tablet reader.  Too cool.)
5	This ain't your mama's grilled cheese sandwich... And I'm sure your mom's an awesome lady that makes stellar edible delights, but look... These sandwiches here?  They're on another level of life... (I have to announce that they have a grilled cheese sandwich with pulled pork and macaroni and cheese... That's clearly my dinner the next time I run into this truck...)I was initially a little wary after checking out the price board since we all know how much I love a deal... Yep, the sandwiches themselves start at $6 and go up from there... And no.  They do not come with chips... Those are an extra $3...  And since I ordered the Big Cheesy with smoked tomatoes and bacon ($1 and $2 extra, respectively), that put my order up to $12... It kinda made me cringe a little, but I sucked it up... lolTruly, they had me at smoked tomatoes... I wasn't really sure what that meant, but the flavor of them is unlike anything I've ever had before... It's hard to explain other than just super tasty... I promise if you try them, you will not be disappointed... The bacon was perfect and stood up to the cheesiness without being over or undercooked...When I tell you they butter the HECK out of that bread, please believe me... When I tell you that they pile that cheese and those toppings on before they grill it into golden brown deliciousness, understand that I mean what I say... And when I tell you that those rosemary truffle crisps are sprinkled with some incredible grade of parmesan, take that and run with it... Yeah, with the tip, a sandwich and some truffle crisps cost me about $15... I'm fine with that... And as frugal as I am?  That's saying something... lol
5	If you had told me last time I was here that my new favorite Papi Queso sammich was going to be vegetarian, I would have laughed in your face. I'm no Ron Swanson, but my diet definitely leans meat-centric. However, the pear & truffle has become my new favorite. Just when I thought the Pig Mac was the pinnacle of Papi Queso cuisine, the truffle cheese and brown-butter/honey poached pears beat it out. I look forward to going back to PQ & trying all they have to offer!
5	Yay for me, I'm no longer a PQ virgin!  I went big for my first time too, and ordered the Pig Mack.  Pulled pork with mac and cheese stuffed between bread slices and thrown on the grill YES PLEASE!  There are vegetarian choices too with leeks, mushrooms and roasted tomatoes.  A  fellow diner also got the truffle potato chips.  Sorry I missed out this time.I enjoyed my PQ order delivered right to my table at Triple C Brewing Co. during a friend and fellow Yelper's birthday celebrations.  Washing a great sandwich down with a Light Rail Pale Ale, mmm, mmm.  Loved that I could pay with my credit card using Square Up and sign with my digit on the Ipad.  I love technology.  PQ also stocks Pelligrino italian sodas.  I chose blood orange.  Look forward to the next visit whenever the truck crosses my path.
3	I have eaten at Papi Queso now on two different occasions while at Triple C.  I would say both times, the food was ok. However, for me, their grilled cheese is just not quite as good as the Ooey Gooey grilled cheese I get at Roaming Fork. I know it takes a while to prepare food to order on a food truck, but it seems to me that they are really slow at preparing their sandwiches. I want to love this place, but so far, I find it a-ok, but not great.
5	I know what you're thinking... "How can a grilled cheese food truck possibly receive 5 stars?"And that's a fair question. My only response is that you need to try their menu and get back to me. Because this is by far my favorite food truck.I swoon at the thought of the leek and mushroom sandwich, or the one with smoked tomatoes, or the one with avocado and other green stuff. And it's not your average cheese that they're using. Their ingredients are strategically sourced to deliver an astounding flavor profile every time, with every sandwich.There's a bit of a wait, which I count as a perfect opportunity to munch on the truffle potato chips. My only complaint about the chips is that they don't come in a 5 gallon bucket. So stinking good.I've tried a lot of food trucks in my day, but the quality ingredients, consistent vegetarian options and finger-licking good sandwiches at Papi Queso make it my top choice in town.And I bought a t-shirt. Long live the cheese stache.
5	I spotted Papi Queso in Uptown during my lunch break and thought i would give it a try. I have never eaten from a food truck in Charlotte and was pleasantly surprised. I tried the grilled cheese with bacon. It was delicious. A  little pricey for a grilled cheese but i think i would have it again!! The service was a little slow but i like that it was made fresh.
4	Pig Mac was the best grilled cheese ever...who doesn't like pork and Mac and cheese. Love how they finished it off with a sprinkle of salt on top. My wife got something else at food truck Friday, but she kept sneaking bites of my sandwich because how delicious it was. Tried the new meatloaf one as well, which was good, but wanted more of a meatloaf taste to it. Was hoping to try the French onion grilled cheese I read about...but it wasn't on the menu this time. Asked them about it and they said it will be back during the fall. Definitely will go back again, just make sure I get to the food truck Friday earlier, because there was a massive line.
4	Good first visit to this food truck that shows up every once in awhile at the corner of 3rd and Tryon.  I've tried to go before but my early lunchtime stomach clock always seemed to be a bit too early for Papi Queso.  This time though both clocks were in synch!I got the Pig Mac which is a grilled mac and cheese sandwich topped with pulled pork and bourbon onions.  The sandwich was perfectly toasted and crunchy on the outside and had a reasonable amount of filling on the inside that was melty, ooey and gooey the way a grilled cheese should be.  My only request would be more of the vinegary pork and bourbon onions to add more acid and cut through some of the richness of the mac n cheese.All in all, this was a good sandwich served by friendly folks and I would not hesitate to stop by the next time our clocks align!
5	I track this man down on the weekends to find him, HE IS THAT GOOD. love it
4	I caught Papi Queso a few weeks ago at Food Truck Fridays in South End. After hearing so much hype, I was really looking forward to trying it, and I came HUNGRY. I split a green monster and a mushroom and leek with a friend, and while they were both delicious (I liked the mushroom and leek best), I felt they were expensive for what we got -- small sandwiches on wonderbread-sized toast -- and we waited for quite a while before our orders came up. With that being said, they were definitely delicious: crispy and crusty on the outside and melty and warm on the inside. There were interesting varieties and flavor combinations as well. This truck is definitely worth a try, but be prepared for the long lines and to spend some chedda.
5	Def the best grilled cheese I've ever had & that's saying a lot. I have pretty high expectations when it comes to food and I was completely blown away by the Little Green Muester. Muenster cheese, baby spinach, avocado & wasabi horseradish. Divine. It was totally worth the wait. I will be back again soon for this.
5	I absolutely LOVE Papi Queso!  I've tried a few different sandwiches.  So far, the PigMac and the one with pear, fig & midnight moon are my favorites.  I've always received excellent customer service, so that's just icing on the cheesecake... Get it? CHEESEcake  ;-)
4	You had me at queso... being a huge grilled cheese fan, this was a must for me. I've had several different delicious sammiches at this truck and of course will be back for me. The Pig Mac is stuffed with pulled pork and onions and bursting with flavor. The French Onion is by far my favorite but unfortunately haven't seen it in months... PAPI! Bring it back! But I always love the new flavors the truck is crafting and would love to eventually try them all. Look for creative fillings to tempt your taste buds (and stomach) like leeks, mushrooms, southwestern chicken and whatever else they have in that rolling kitchen. As a lover of all things cheesy, I feel this is a must. And their looooong lines at Food Truck Fridays tell you something good is always being toasty. You better brie-lieve it : )
5	The recent trend of Food Trucks have me searching the city for certain eats.  Luckily, with social media, you can find the trucks locations pretty easily.I first heard of Papi Queso at a local elite event, but then started coming out to Food Truck Fridays and Sizzlin Saturdays and Papi Queso is usually the truck that has the most people in line.  I would gladly wait for one of their declious grilled cheese sandwiches.  The ooey, gooey, cheese melting in your mouth and the crisp grilled bread that puts it all together makes Papi Queso (I think) one of the best food trucks in Charlotte.My favorite has got to be the Pig Mac:  Mac and Cheese, BBQ, and grilled cheese delivery form = perfection.  Load that in with a cup of truffle chips - you are in instant heaven.I've been super impressed by the truck.  The striking black and orange color combo on the outside of the truck and their super organized inside.  They also have finishing details, like the pig stamp on the outside of your box to let you know your PIG mac is ready and willing inside the box.  I know it's probably more for the sake of the friendly and fun Papi Queso truck staff, but I like to think there is an art form to getting/eating Food Truck food.
4	The food truck I look forward to most when heading to Food Truck Friday!! Have to get there early because it's that popular :-)How can you beat Mac & Cheese with various add ins on a Grilled Cheese Sandwich??? You can't!!
5	My boyfriend and I tried the Pig Mac and it was grilled to perfection!  They take cards for payment as well as cash which is uber convenient!  I totally enjoyed the food truck experience and can't wait to go back!
5	I have only one problem with this place: I want to order the ENTIRE menu every time. This is one of my favorite Charlotte food trucks.Whenever I tell a friend about how amazing Papi Queso is... I usually get a really strange look. Maybe it does sound a little odd to rave so much over a grilled cheese truck. However, it's only odd to those who have not yet enjoyed the PQ experience.I can't even pick an undisputed menu item winner. It is all so delicious. I mean come on... a sandwich with mac n cheese and pulled pork?! Ridiculous. (And I mean that in the best possible way) I have been missing the French Onion one... but I hear it will be making a comeback. Truffle kettle chips = must have side item.There's a reason the lines are always so long for Papi Queso... and why people will sometimes wait for an hour without even giving it a second thought. Keep up the good work guys and keep cranking out the cheesy, melty goodness.
4	Pretty creative idea with Mac n cheese theme of the sandwiches.I ordered the Pigmac, pull pork and Mac n cheese. It's good but nothing dying for, maybe bc I'm not a big BBQ fan. My bf have the smdk flank steak, which I like much better bc it's not as cheese as the other one. The only thing I'm taking a star off for it's the greasiness of the food. It's good for a big lunch, but a big heavy for healthy dinner. The lady taking order is also very nice, and we didn't have to wait hour for our sandwich like food truck Friday. I will definitely go back to try the rest of the menu.
5	Gourmet grilled cheese, what a great concept!  My favorite is the Little Green Muenster, with spinach, avocado, muenster cheese and horseradish.   Their menu changes, so you might see different options week to week.  If you go to Food Truck Friday, you better get there early because Papi Queso usually has a line before they even open!
4	I have only one word to say about Papi Queso:  Pigmac!!!  What sounds like a strange combo of the food groups, mac n Cheese with pulled pork is actually a treat to the palate.  The carmelized onions really adds a great finishing touch to this sandwich which was grilled to perfection.  I had this sandwich at Food Truck Friday.  I waited about 45 minutes in line, but this was worth to wait.I can't wait to go back so I can try some of the other menu items.
4	I heard soooo many good things about this place that I couldn't wait to try it. I love a good grilled cheese sandwich!! They have lots of options so it was hard for me to pick one. I debated between the Big Cheesey, the leek and mushroom, and the #PIGMAC. I went with the #PIGMAC sandwich, one of their most popular items, for only $8. It has Mac and cheese, Carolina pulled pork, and bourbon caramelized onions. I also tried the kettle chips seasoned with rosemary, Parmesan, lemon zest and truffle oil. The sandwich was delicious. All of the items compliment each other really well. The chips are also very flavorful. I'm glad we came on Saturday, I heard the line is an hour long on Fridays. After tasting the food, I understand the demand. I also liked that you have the option to add smoked tomatoes (+$1) and/or bacon (+$2). Sounds like great toppings for the big Cheesey...I'll have to give it a try next time. They also sell a tomato soup which I'll definitely try when it gets cooler. Great food served by friendly staff! Add this place to your list of food trucks to try.
4	This. Truck. Is. Awesome. Tried the Pig Mac at a food truck Friday event in South End Charlotte. I was blown away. The buttery, perfectly grilled bread, paired with the super creamy Mac and cheese was enough to make you drop kick a unicorn. But that's not all, top it off with beautiful sweet smokey Carolina pulled pork and add in a smothering heap of bourbon caramelized onions and you have a recipe that would leave Batali shaking in his chartreuse crocs. Go get you some and wave  your grease stained paws with pride.
5	AMAZING grilled cheez sandies - you must find this food truck & try everything on their menu!!!!   Truly tasty!!
5	Pig Mac, you always make my day yay.  Yeah this truck serves the best grilled cheese I have ever had.  The soups you can skip unless its cold and you really want soup.  Oh and the sandwiches are kind of small yet so amazing you might as well just order two and double fist it.
4	Best grilled cheese I have ever had. I've tried the one with leeks and mushrooms (can't remember the name), and it was good, but I can't get away from the Pig Mac! Kettle chips weren't anything special when we ordered them, but still not bad. They accept credit cards and service is pretty friendly, even when they're busy. I'd give 5 stars to the sandwiches easily, 4 stars overall.Definitely recommend, and we'll be back ourselves!
5	Papi Queso has the best grilled cheese sandwiches in Charlotte.  My personal favorites are the following:Pig Mac - pulled pork, Mac and cheese, no onions Pig Mac minus the onions and pulled pork, and then add Bacon. - yum!Jalapeno Mac - this is a featured sandwich.  It has a pepper jelly, Mac and cheese, jalapenos, sweet tomatoes and onions.  Very nice combination.  I took the onions off because Im not a fan of them.  But for those onion lovers.... Keep them on.  All of my friends love this sandwich with the onions. :)
5	BEST GRILLED CHEESE EVER!!It's rare that I give out a 5-star review, but Papi Queso cooking is just that rare! It's worth the 45min-hour wait at food truck friday for the best grilled cheese sandwich you have ever tasted. Not sure how they cook it up but AMAZING is what is served up.I had the Big Cheesy with Roasted Tomatoes and Bacon, yummy!
5	Best grilled cheese I've ever had. Definitely get the pulled pork and Mac and cheese sandwich. The truffle chips are also a must.
5	The name should tell you everything you need to know about this food truck...allow me to introduce you to Papi Queso aka "Daddy Cheese!" This place puts a spin on mom's classic: grilled cheese sandwiches!! No matter what you get you CANNOT go wrong! The cheesy goodness that oozes out of every bite will literally make you melt! I have had the Lobster Mac, the Pig Mac and the Little Green Muenster! All were amazing, just pick your pleasure!*dances away singing* "I luh ya PAPI, I luh ya luh ya luh ya PAPI" -- JLoYou're welcome. ("De nada" also seems fitting here.)
5	Just had the mushroom grilled cheese. It was delicious. Just the right amount of cheese and mushrooms. Grilled to perfection.
3	I have no problem with the concept of food trucks. In fact, I quite like it. What I don't like are food trucks that want to charge you a high price for a sandwich - admittedly a relatively tasty sandwich - served in a horribly slow manner, especially in such a casual manner.Let me explain a bit better.Food trucks themselves are casual. I get that. I like that. I love that, in fact. It's part of their appeal. Walk up, get something, walk away. There isn't much service, because you aren't typically there long - but there is certainly a bit of friendly banter while you're there.Hopefully you aren't there long. Think of the prototypical lunch wagon that isn't much more than a vending machine on wheels. These no longer exist in most parts of the country because of the upscale food trucks. That's fine - but the one thing they had in common is that you could eat quickly and get back to work. Not really the case with Papi Queso (and others, but definitely Papi Queso), even though most food trucks don't happen at work, they happen at food truck rodeos and whatnot.It's also true with other trucks, but definitely here. You will often see a line of people waiting. Yes, waiting for their grilled cheese.Now I get that it's not a pre-wrapped, processed sliced of American on Wonder bread, and for that I am thankful. But still, we're talking grilled cheese here. Works of art in comparison to those reminders of childhood, sure, but it should not take as long as it does, and it certainly should not take longer than it does to be served in many restaurants.It defeats the purpose of eating from a food truck, you know?
4	I really like this truck, but at $8 bucks per grilled cheese sandwich I doubt I will become a regular.  I will however tell you how much I love their gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches......especially the leeks and mushroom and the pigmac.
5	It's been over 24 hours and I keep thinking about their Pig Mac.  So simple but soooo very good.   Here little piggy!
3	I guess I'm being the gluttonous American here, but for $10 ($8+tip), I guess I'm expecting something with a little more heft?  Very nice service, a mild wait, but certainly not unreasonable.  And what sounded like an incredible grilled cheese sandwich.  Local smoked mozzarella, fresh made salsa verde, sounded awesome.So I just felt a bit letdown when I opened the box to find a standard square grilled cheese, that, from the outside looked like what I could make at home.  Basic white bread, no cheese spilling out the sides, just a square cut into two triangles.  It tasted very good, not OMG-greatest-grilled-cheese-ever, but very good.  The mozzarella was delicious.  But it literally took me about 90 seconds to eat it and I wasn't eating that fast.I guess what I'm asking for is a massive upgrade in BREAD.  Why not some big, thick slices of sourdough?  Then you could pile on more cheese and the bread would hold up.  Or at least make that an option for a buck or two more. Food trucks are all about getting your grub on, and in terms of portion size, this just didn't do it for me.  If that's not an issue for you, then I think you'll love this truck.  Menu very appealing and service was great.
