2	Waited for ten minutes just now, no one said anything like we'll be with you in a minute or anything.  Didn't feel welcomed at all and I had been waiting all day to buy some e juice for the convince of buying vapers choice but after this ill just stick to ordering online.  There are two other major vape stores in phoenix that I go to and as soon as any one Walks in the door they greet you and make sure you're taken care of even if you have to wait.
5	This place is awesome! I'd been ordering ecigs online and they kept breaking on me, so I finally came into this place and I'm glad I did. I'm new to "vaping" but Corey taught me what I needed to know. she could explain in detail every little thing in that store. Also I got to try any liquid flavor I wanted. My purchase was pricy (ego twist battery, tank, drip tip, charger, and 3 liquids) but the quality of it all is fantastic. Ill definitely be going there again.
1	As far as merchandise goes... Bought an atomizer with a replaceable wick. The thing started falling apart. Called them about a refund/replacement and waited ten minutes while waiting on someone who could help me (apparently the person that answered the phone was unable to do anything about it)... They were just trying to give me the run-around. I'm not from this area of town so I can't drive all the way back to get a refund... and it was only $5 anyways. No use in spending $10 in gas to get a $5 piece of junk replaced... As far as employees go... Will not be going back... especially when it took over 20 minutes to get someone to talk to me in store. It was just me and my family in there. Someone else who was in there ten minutes after I got in and waited at the counter was spoken to before me, though!
1	Very cold atmosphere. The prices are insanely outrageous. Everything they sell can be bought online for half the price. No juices on display. Just a complete rip off. Don't waste your time.
5	Zikwid is awesome! I can't believe anyone would have anything bad to say about this place. However, I suppose that is the nature of the beast. Make a person mad because you didn't cater to their every whim and they will slam you. Make a hundred people happy and maybe one will praise you. Well, I'm here to praise Zikwid. I've been in there probably ten times and never had an issue. I've also sent them a lot of business from all the people who ask me about my E-vic battery. I think the only thing remotely negative that I could say about them isn they weren't open when I went there at 8am on the way to work. But, that also probably not ideal vaping hours ha! As far as their price goes the Zikwid brand juice isn't a garage concoction juice (yes I've had people sell me juice that they made in their garage...) So I don't mind paying $26 for a thirty mil of Zen Berry. Because I know I'm getting quality juice. When I was a smoker I also wouldn't buy cigarettes from crack heads in alleys... Weird! To anyone reading this I suggest you actually go in and check the place out. Don't be tricked by temperamental children who would probably write a yelp review on their parents claiming they were abused because they didn't get a pony for their birthday. I will end this review by assuring you I have no involvement with this company except being completely impressed with the quality of their product and outstanding customer service.
5	Drove all the way out from Queen Creek to check this place out. I think some of the negative reviews are a little outrageous, but we live in a society where all people do is complain. It's a new establishment, so it is going to be a little on the empty side. The suite offers a fresh of breath air, literally and figuratively. I was greeted by a friendly staff whom walked me through their flavors booklet. When I was ready to check out, the cashier advised that if I like menthol, to try this other flavor. I left the store with two flavors, and I must say, the suggestion made by the cashier was an excellent one. The staff was beyond friendly and seemed knowledgable about their product. The prices are a little high sure. And of course you can find these products online for cheaper. However, this is hands down, the best Ecig store you will see in the valley. I will be returning when my flavors are about to run out.
1	Product:I was really happy with this place for the first week. Since I had a variety of e-cigs, I went into this place upon suggestion from one of my friends. After the tank broke within a week, they offered me no refund, no replacement, and then was only going to give me a new mouthpiece instead of a whole new tank that didn't leak (basically all the inside was destroyed from basic use and only refilling once).  I'm really upset that if there was no guarantee of parts after a WEEK, that wasn't mentioned to me initially (an nothing is posted) and it seems that something that doesn't last for a week should at least be replaced as faulty (especially since the girl helping me said: I see these break all the time -- if that's so, why wouldn't you sell better product or guarantee usability after a week?!?!)Customer service:The girls look at me with blank stares as if they do not understand how to properly deal with the public except for the one girl who initially helped me, but she was on her way out of the store to go to California. Also, they seem friendlier to men than women (this is just a comparison of "warmthness" between my interactions and their interactions with the males in the store). They only seen moderately knowledgeable on the products at hand.Atmosphere:There's a place to kinda hang at the front with leather couches to sit around and smoke; the sales area is pretty open with a lot of room to move around. It's clean. I wouldn't say it's inviting, but it's definitely accommodating but the feeling is "get in, get out" really.Cost:I've found other juices that are cheaper elsewhere, however, you can taste test the juices here. The parts are less expensive elsewhere. I was trying this location because it was convenient for me.
5	I'm really surprised about the other reviews because every time I come in to Zikwid the employees all make me feel very welcomed and are more informative than any other e cig shop I've been to. They always have helped me if I have any issues with the hardware too. Their prices are not much higher than anywhere else, and on most things are much cheaper than other shops I've seen. They allow you to try any of their flavors too which is nice. Overall a really nice shop and friendly staff. I refer all my friends and family to them
5	Nice selection of quality merchandise, as well as less expensive starter kits. Friendly staff (two young ladies who were very attentive), who seemed new to the vaping world, but trying to learn. Clean, modern upscale store. Juices available to sample, but kept behind the counter (Maybe that's a good thing).Yes, stuff is usually cheaper on the Internet, but who can compete with a factory in China who pays their workers 10cents an hour? I prefer to pay a bit more and get the stuff immediately and keep the money in Arizona's economy (You should too!).
1	My grievance is that I've gone to this store 5 times with total intent of purchase, and left 5 times empty-handed. Generally, it's because they do not know how to stock items like specific juices (then try to up sell to a HIGHER level of nicotine when out of the requested level, which you shouldn't be doing). The most recent (and assuredly, last) time I went in, their machine would not read my card. Instead of manually keying it (which, btw, two of their local competitors happily did the same day with ID/were able to successfully run my card), the salesperson recommended me going to a local ATM a few stores down.
