5	The interior is warm and bright, fairly busy on a Friday night. Our waitress was on the overly-friendly side of the spectrum, but not offensively or annoyingly. She helped clarify what is in the ambiguously title rolls. Offhand I cannot remember exactly what we ordered, but we made spicier   selections because I was hoping to overcome my deadened taste buds (due to a cold). Whatever we chose, it worked! Everything was really delicious, fresh, and full of flavor. It is moderately cheap, too. We sat enjoying our food for around 2 hours and it was very relaxing. Overall, this is the best sushi experience I've had here in Pittsburgh, in/around the city. I'm excited to go back and try out new things.
1	Though I hate to disagree with Caitlin, bec. I know her... I have to say that Sakura is terrible. First the waitress was completely annoying saying "Thank you Thank you" every time she even took a plate away(for each and EVERY plate) or filled our water. It was so mechanical and inappropriate most of the time. I'm sure she's a perfectly nice Chinese girl who has been instructed to put on a pseudo Japanese affectation, which doesn't translate well into English. Everything we ordered was disappointing. Maybe their sushi is better, but all the other Japanese items were terrible. It was also so overpriced. Ironically we had decided to not order sushi, bec we though we wouldn't be as disappointed by teppanyaki. And everything came to our table cold, even though there was only one other table being served in the restaurant. I think the owners of Sakura should go back to making Chinese food. Though I never really like Hunan Kitchen, it was a lot better then than it is now.
4	Sakura is really becoming a good sushi place in Pittsburgh.  (Probably my second favorite.)They have decent prices, and you can always get a table there.  Their sushi has always been very fresh and tasty.If you are eating there, be prepared to deal with the wait staff who is a little odd.  This was particularly noticeable when they first opened a few months back.  By odd, I mean a little overbearing and possibly seem a not as "professional" as you would expect.  But I do need to add again that this has been improving over time.I usually get takeout, simply because I live close to it and it's quicker for me.  If you are a sushi fan, give it a shot.
4	I am going to update my review a bit since Sakura has been open for business a long time since I first reviewed them.I have never had a bad experience here.  The sushi is always tasty, fresh and really good.  They are really nice when it comes to special orders too.  The wait staff has gotten much, much better since they first opened.  There is always a friendly face and they are always nice, quick to order and helpful with suggestions.  Sometimes they get a bit backed up when there is a big rush, but that is to be expected now and then.Give Sakura a try if you are a sushi lover, I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.
2	There are several Chinese-run Japanese restaurants in the area, of which Sakura is probably in the middle of the pack. Pros: friendly service, pleasant atmosphere, reasonable prices. Cons: In short, the food is just not that great.  Its sushi pieces are rather anemic, for instance. They deliver via campusfood.com, which may be their one saving grace. On wintry nights when it's too cold to leave the house, having some piping hot udon (the soup and noodles are packed separately) delivered to my door is pure heaven.
2	I ordered delivery from here on a rainy weekday night when it was just too hot to cook or even think about eating hot food.  I was craving sushi and Sakura had a lower minimum order price than Sushi Too.  Ordering is easy through Campus Food.  They said delivery would be an hour but it was just about half an hour, which was excellent.  They also kept the vegetables tempura separate from the rolls so the sushi didn't get heated up, which I appreciated.The vegetables tempura were fine but i didn't think the choice of vegetables was all that good.  There were sweet potato pieces, some kind of squash, broccoli, and half a bell pepper.  I would have liked a little more variety.  They used julienned cucumber instead of a big chunk, so the rolls tended to fall apart.  The avocado rolls were ok.Even though it's cheaper than Sushi Too, I'd rather pay a bit extra.  The quality shows.
5	I am so surprised by the harsh reviews of this place! This is by far one of my favorite sushi places in the city. There are a lot of places for improvement but as far as the sushi scene in Pittsburgh is concerned, Sakura is doing great!They have one of the best variety of rolls I've seen in Pittsburgh. Usually whenever I go somewhere new and order sushi I stick to my usual, the dragon roll. At Sakura I'm always trying something new. Their menu is so extensive and creative that I don't usually even bother with the typical staples like salmon, or tuna rolls (although they are good too). I'm all about their interesting and unique rolls, the list of which is always growing. Some of my favorites include the Godzilla Roll, Red Dragon Roll, and the Spicy-Tuna rice sandwiches (I forget the exact name...) Also, they usually have a weekly special (not that it really ever expires... you can always order these even off the menu). This is how I found my real favorites, the Monkey Roll, Earth Roll, and best of all the Ocean Roll. My only complaint is that the prices are a little steep, but I think for the quality it's worth it. I don't know about how their other food is aside from sushi, but the sushi itself is great. Don't let the unattractive outside facade fool you, this place is great and relatively quiet on the weeknights, so go then if you want faster service.
5	This is my favorite sushi place in Pittsburgh! I have eaten here well over 20 times and continue to patronize the restaurant.. Each experience is superb, down to the small flower garnishes on the plate.The menu is packed full with different choices and everything is prepared in a delightful manner.The staff, especially the owner, are efficient and super attentive. If you haven't visited Sakura yet, make a visit there a priority!I
1	Terrible sushi and imaginary hibachi
4	Chinese food here is awesome!
4	After a trip to New York and eating at Xi'an Famous Foods I was having an intense craving for lamb-based chinese food. A bit of googling brought me the menu for this place. They have 4 or 5 lamb dishes on their chinese menu.I hightailed it over there for lunch, requested the Chinese menu, and I was not disappointed. We had the Xi'an style bbq pork sandwich, lamb stew w/ hand made noodles and cold chicken in chili oil.All dishes were fantastic.Lamb stew was served with chopped cilantro and scallions on the side. It was easily enough for four people. Chopped lamb, gamy lamb broth, chile, cumin, root vegetables. My dining companion characterized the dish as "chinese lamb stroganoff" which isn't far off. I'm taking one point off because the noodles were kind of mushy, but the flavor was spot on.Chicken appetizer was fine. Served cold on the bone, chicken was moist and the chili oil sauce was spicy and refreshing. I'd bring this for a picnic any day.The pork sandwich was the clear stand-out. It was *beyond* -- spicy pork belly, chopped and seasoned with fresh cilantro, scallion & chile, served on a split steamed wheat bun that was then grilled. This was definitely my favorite dish, and if there is any justice in the world this should become a foodie cult item in the city of Pittsburgh. A must eat.Our waitress was extremely friendly and helpful and we had a great conversation about lamb and its various preparations.I went with one other person, but we easily had enough food for 4. Our check came out to $32 after tax & tip. as for their sushi... who knows?
1	This place is terrible. My Pinky finger was thicker than all of rolls, the rice was dry and bland, I asked for soy paper and I saw the chef attempt to roll my sushi with the plastic container the soy paper came in and not the actual soy paper... Seriously.. The they charged me for it.  There pepsi was flat. Fish was old and warm.  Tasted fishy not fresh.  It was so bad I couldn't even complain to them.
4	I just ordered from them. Time wise, super fast and had no problem finding my place so I am very happy with that. Chirashi sushi- hmm...ok...not bad. Fish wasn't too fresh but I wasn't expecting it to be... I mean I'm in Pgh and it wasn't top Jap restaurant... I just hope that they vary up the fish they put on the top. There was an unknown noodle like looking bed under fish (that some restaurants place under their sashimi) was just very unattractive. I've never figured out what that was... (I don't want to find out what it is, don't want to see it, and just don't want to deal w/ it) Miso soup- ok. Salad sauce (salad and miso soup comes with chirashisushi)- I almost always like salad sauce that Japanese restaurants have and this one was no exception. Vegetable udon- noodle and soup came separately (dahhhh...). It was truly vegetable udon. Not just veggie unon but VEGETABLE udon. It seemed like there was as much as veggies as noodle and I LOVED Loved Loved it. Onion was cooked and the crispiness was well reserved, not soaked in moisture. Soup/Broth-hmm hot and tasty... but the aftertaste or the texture remained in my mouth... felt like oil filmed stuck in the back of my throat as if tar stuck in the lung...
1	Forget about whether or not the reviews here say the food is good or bad, forget about the pepsi being flat or the fish being warm. What you need to know is that upon receiving my take out container tonight from Sakura, I opened my package of chopsticks. Upon opening the container, chopsticks poised to snatch my first piece of sushi... something caught my eye. A seed? A burned grain of rice? No. A COCKROACH. A live cockroach. In my take out container. As I jumped back from my dining room table, horrified and already scrambling for my cell phone I dialed Sakura and spoke to a manager who only said 'Oh. Sorry' and then hung up on me. I drove back to Sakura from my house with the take out container stretched as far away from me as possible. Into Sakura I ran, and then I stood. And waited. For a good three minutes while the 'sushi chefs' stared at me, I stood there with my container at arms length. Finally I leaned in towards them and said 'I don't think you want me to yell the reason I am here, please get me some help'. Nothing. Not an acknowledgement, not a person running to whisk me away from the other patrons, nothing. I cleared my throat. "I am here to return my sushi because there is a cockroach in it. Please someone help me." I said, just loudly enough for other people to here. Magically a manager appeared. Funny how that happens. Now let me tell you what these sleazy dirtbags did. As though finding an intruder in my sushi were not enough... not a piece of wilted lettuce or a dirty wrapper or even a dangerous piece of plastic or glass, no- this was a LIVE disease bearing, egg laying BUG... but as though that were not insult enough- this 'manager' proceeded to refund my money MINUS the tip my husband had left for the sushi chefs. Back that truck up, you say? That's right. I had to REQUEST that she refund my tip... "because surely you don't think I am going to tip these men for sending home a COCKROACH?" I asked her, and she simply said 'I'm sorry' a dozen times before I left. I can deal with flat pepsi. Chairs that creak, wait staff that leaves something to be desired. I can deal with take out places that say 15 minutes when they really mean 45. I have eaten my fair share of things that weren't up to par, weren't what I wanted or were just plain bad... but what NO customer should EVER have to do is check their food to make sure that LIVE COCKROACHES aren't infesting it. And if you eat at Sakura that is EXACTLY what you'll have to do.
4	We like this place as a standard sushi restaurant in Squirrel Hill.  It's close to home, and the prices are pretty even-keel with other sushi places in the Pittsburgh area, and you can also get takeout.The sushi is great, however, there are really not a lot of selection on special or unique rolls.  If we could do half-stars, I'd give it a 3.5, but I'll round up because they consistently make your typical sushi rolls quite well.On our latest visit, we had a great waiter who was prompt with delivery of the food, and he also would refill our hot tea, but we had a really hard time getting refills on our water.  Unfortunately, with the saltiness of sushi and soy sauce, we kind of needed frequent refills on that, so I felt like I chugged a gallon of water right when I got home.We tried something new this time, which was the 'first date roll,' a shrimp tempura roll with spicy tuna on top.  We loved this one, as it was a good example of something unique they can do.  The miso soup was also top-notch.I would recommend this place if you're looking for good, standard-issue sushi.  We typically prefer Pacific Ring in Squirrel Hill, because they've made a lot of unique (and Pittsburgh-themed) rolls to spice things up, but this is a good second place.I'm also a big fan of the wavy cups they serve your hot tea in, and they do have a wine list, although we have yet to try it out.
4	I ordered take-out from here the other night and ate my way into a delightful oblivion! I ordered the Chinese/Japanese bbq pork bun and a order of the Spicy Tuna Sandwich. It was so delicious with just the right amount of spice and flavor! I have been craving more ethnic food and gave this restaurant a look off of campusfood.com. Can't wait to dine-in and try some more sushi & the other food offered at this restaurant.
3	In general sakura has decent sushi, not bad not great.  But their spicy tuna sandwich roll is life changing, every friend whose tried it has been converted for life.  Get that or their tempura fried ice cream and you will not be disapointed.
5	Szechuan hot pots are the best I've ever had!
1	The worst sushi/restaurant experience that I've had for as long as I remember. And I tend to dine out like it's my job. The place has a very chinzy "I'm trying really hard to be high brow and expensive" which can be deceiving to some. The waitress was attentive, but kinda hyper in this nervous way. First of all, the beer that she brought the husband was WARM- very warm, almost as if it was sitting outside. When I asked, politely if she would take it back and bring him a cold one she seemed confused, almost confrontational. She brought it out, reluctantly. Then, the food. We ordered the Sashimi Deluxe, expecting, well, nice pieces of sashimi. What she brought out was a huge plate of shoestring carrot (not radish, or seaweed) and tiny, microscopic bits of sashimi. I thought for a second that the chef was playing a trick on us, and that we were unknowingly playing a game of "hide the sashimi", so I began digging into the copious amount of carrot, in hope of finding the hidden prize. No, it was not a game. And to top it off, they charged us for 2 BEERS. Ugh, I hope someone shuts this place down soon.
4	I would recommend their Chinese dishes on the chef's special menu. They have some North-West Chinese style dishes which I've never seen anywhere else in Pittsburgh. A friend and I tried their Shredded Pancake with Lamb Soup, which is a soup dish with lamb broth, thinly sliced lamb meat, chopped "pancake" (more like bread), and cellophane noodle. We also had the Xinjiang Style Chicken. It's called Xinjiang Da Pan Chicken in Chinese, which means XinJiang Big Dish Chicken. And it indeed came in a very big portion. It is slightly spicy and cooked like home-style Chinese food. The dish also came with a side of noodle which you dip in the chicken. Overall, we were very satisfied with both dishes. This place has a Japanese name which I thought is quite misleading since their Chinese dishes are so much better than their Sushi. If you feel a little adventurous and want to try some different Chinese food, then go for the chef's special menu.
1	I've order to-go from this place twice. The first time they did an excellent job. The noodles and soup were well packed. Women who took our order was very Ordered: 1) Pickle pork noodle soup - very yummy, delicious meat and veggies, but the noodles were too thick for my taste. 2) Shredded pancake lamb soup - interesting, I didn't eat this, but my fiance said it was pretty authentic. The broth had a very strong lamb smell, but very little lamb meat (almost non-existent). Personally, although it might be authentic, but it's not for everyone.There are many other great options in Pittsburgh and that's where I'll be going.
5	I've eaten in the restaurant as well as had it delivered.  My experiences both times were good.  Nothing to complain about.  When I ate in the restaurant, I had a lunch bento box and everything in it was cooked well.  My 2 y/o daughter and I thoroughly enjoyed our meal together.  She really enjoyed the tempura and edamame.I recently had some sushi and some Chinese delivered to my house.  The sushi was great and did not disappoint.  My daughter enjoyed her chicken with broccoli, as well.Now that I know they deliver, I may be frequenting this place more often.  They are fairly priced for both Chinese and Japanese dishes.  The food is nothing spectacular, but definitely satisfies those cravings!
3	I am a regular at Sakura, simply because they have decent sushi at okay prices. Also because the owner and I have become familiar with each over the last three years my boyfriend and I have been frequent patrons there. I have explored much of both their japanese and chinese menus, but tend to stick to the sushi menu whenever we go. Not the best sushi I've ever had, but certainly my preferred place to go in Pittsburgh. Usually order yellowtail roll, scallop roll, spicy tuna, salmon skin, white tuna sushi. When we go for specialty rolls, we order USA roll, Godzilla roll, and recently discovered the super delicious Sunshine roll. Service is friendly and attentive, but usually when we go, it's very empty, so we just eat quietly at our table. Also ordered some deliveries time to time as well, but it's not as fresh as eating in.
2	I have only ordered out from Sakura. The place is always drab and empty no matter what time it is. The staff are always sitting around doing nothing. It really sucks to go in the restaurant. Their "hibachi" is a freaking joke. Do not expect to get normal hibachi dinners here, in fact, expect absolute crap! Their "regular" Asian menu is joketasiticly inferior to many of the other Asian choices in Squirrel Hill and cost almost the same. The staff seem nice, but jump when any customer walks through the door as if they are not expecting anyone. Now (and please excuse any conceived racist under tones. I assure you I am just stating pure fact), I have had my order screwed up over the phone almost every time I order from Sakura. I understand that you do not need to speak fluent English to take a delivery order, but you should know the menu. Yesterday, My wife and I ordered from there (very inexpensive for a weekday meal) I ordered my sushi correctly, even going over my order 3 times with the woman on the phone. When the food arrived(promptly), our bill was for $70!!!! And as if fleeing from the scene before we could find out, the delivery guy didn't give us a receipt. Upon opening my order, I found that they had quadrupled my order AND CHARGED ME FOR IT!!!!! I called to complain and the woman, who I could barley understand refused to accept that she made a mistake. I became a bit belligerent and she called over her manager. All I could hear was him explaining something in Japanese and the phone girl going "OOOHHHHHH?!" over and over. She DID make a mistake and I was awarded free sushi and my money back. Still, when I said I would be there tomorrow to get the proof of the credit to my card, she initially refused!!????? The manger in the background must of shaken his head or something because she finally agreed. All I want is my damn food for crying out loud!!!!!!!!! But...Their sushi lunch specials are the best I have ever seen. for $3.99 you have your choice of 6 different kinds of rolls; great for a late day snack (you can order up until 3pm). But...This is another sushi place that claims to have tuna rolls when they are Fatty tuna rolls, but charge for regular lean tuna. Also order early or you WILL get stuck with day old, been-sitting-around-all-day, hard fish. But...Get them on a good day or early in the day and you will have adequate sushi for a competitive price.
1	Don't eat here. There were bugs in our food, but to top it off they were very rude about the whole situation. They tried to make it seem like we had mistaken the bugs for mushrooms! Horrible service, horrible place.
3	We have renamed this place Airport Sushi. It takes like sushi you get  at the airport. That isn't necessarily bad, it's just not necessarily great.
5	I usually get the delivery option. Food is always hot when it comes (usually about half hour) and they haven't ever gotten my order wrong. I'm giving it 5 stars because the prices reflect the quality of food. Plus the delivery guy is always happy. I like the Bean Curd dishes, but haven't tried the sushi.
5	Having lived in Toronto, Washington DC and LA- this is the best sushi I have come across. In addition- the service is terrific. We have gotten to know the owner Ping and are always warmly greeted. No question- best sushi in town- among the best in the country.
2	The worst Chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh! The taste is ok, but not worth the price at all, neither the taste nor the amount. I'd rather go to Oriental Express or any other fast food to get a moderate Chinese food with cheaper price.I've been here several times with friends, nothing impressive, and the last visit was the least favored. The Lamb Kebab is really, really just a few bite... and it taste like fried, not roast on fire... I would like to pay only half the price, or even less for it...The Xinjiang Style Chicken was not in so large amount as the menu says (serves two), and it is the least authentic Xinjiang Style Chicken I've ever got (and much worse than the one I cooked)I never try their Sushi, seems much better than it's Chinese.
5	Best hot and sour soup. Ever.
3	I just got the lunch box with a friend because we were both starving in Squirrel Hill. I was so hungry and the lunch looked so good that I didn't even get a chance to take a picture of it! Usually we both wait until I get my Yelp pics done but we both just dug in. I got the Lunch Box C and He got Lunch Box A. I liked the sushi but everything that came with the sushi was deep fried. We both demolished the box but felt really disgusting afterwards from all the grease. The Shu mai were incredibly small and not very well done at all. The tempura were okay and the fried sweet potatoes were probably the greasiest in that when you bite into it oil actually seeps out of the potatoes...The service there was only okay but I had to ask for my water halfway through my dinner because I was tired of waiting for them to ask me what I wanted to drink.  The service was quick and the lunch boxes were so, so cheap! I'd probably give this place another chance because I liked the sushi and there is a cheap lunch option for a 6pc!
4	I love this place!  They are all over the place, have 'average' american style chinese food, and the hibachi is meh. So why 4 stars?? Because you have to know how to order!  Their authentic Chinese menu is amazing (and so is their non-hibachi japanese items)!  They have many western style Chinese dishes, that have influence from the silk road and central Asia.  Their sushi is good, and they have the most awesome lunch boxes around; although Oiishi Bento in Oakland gives them a run for the money.  They now offer Chinese breakfast on weekends.  Also the hot pot is great!  It is where Confucius and Genghis Khan blend.  The flavors of the silk road, I love you Sakura!
1	I ordered sushi for myself and my girlfriend. My girlfriend has a shellfish allergy.I wrote on the online order for my girlfriends rolls "This is for someone with a shellfish allergy. Please keep this roll separate and away from any shellfish." When the sushi was delivered, it was all in the same container. I called to complain and they lady told me there was nothing she could do because I did not request "Separate containers"
5	Good
5	Super good deal for lunch box! Big box with soup!! AHHH I loved this place when I lived in Pittsburgh. Miss it!Food: Compared to many other Japanese and Chinese places in Pittsburgh, Sakura really does a great job. Their dishes are big! Sushi is very fresh! (ugh I miss their Godzila roll) OH I love love their authentic mid-west Chinese food -- You would only be able to find those type of food in cities like New York!!!Service: Even though sometimes I do see young kids serving us and doesn't look super professional in serving, but hey they are at least very kind. Like VERY kind. Parking: easy to park on the street or the streets in the neighborhood. Overall: this place is nice and clean. Good price for a lot a lot of food. And I like the kind people here a lot ;)
5	Very delicious food, and sushi is amazing! The hostess is nice and kind. This place is definitely worth a try.
5	It's a amazing restaurant. Love the western Chinese style noodle soup and all the sushi rolls!
4	I really like this place. Delivery is super fast, the food is decent. I've gotten eel rolls and spicy tuna so far and they were excellent. I hate when people say "good for Pittsburgh" because its an insult/complement but this place is simply good, not just "good for pgh."
1	Delivery order. Mushy eel roll, mushy yellow tail, and mushy . . . octopus? Fortunately, the sushi was so disgusting that I didn't finish it, probably saving myself a trip to the emergency room. That being said, making the  worst sushi in Pittsburgh is quite the (dubious) accomplishment.
2	While it's great sushi, the staff is awful unable to resolve issues with an order, eventually ignoring our calls. Our order arrived with one roll missing, not for the first time. They agreed to deliver the missing roll and it never arrived. Make sure to double check your order upon delivery.
1	The vast chasm between the 5-star reviews and 1-star reviews of this place is very interesting... but my one and only experience with this place is ZERO stars. I ordered sushi for delivery, and it arrived quickly, but the order was made incorrectly-- didn't even come close to matching the menu description. No avocado, no green onion, AND no cucumber in the roll, and the wrong sauce. This was an expensive fancy roll with only 2 of the 5 listed things inside and a massive amount of rice to make it look big. I immediately called the restaurant to let them know, and the "owner" (she insisted she was the owner) spent 11 minutes telling me "that's just how we make it now" ... I explained that the roll was far from matching the menu description, didn't contain the full value of ingredients I had paid for, and that this situation needed to be fixed. She literally just kept saying "that's how we make it now" and for a while tried the tactic of telling me that there WAS avocado on it, I just couldn't see it bc it was such a small slice.... yeah... there was not avocado anywhere in or on the roll. I repeatedly asked to speak to a manager or supervisor but she said she was the owner. So then I asked for her name and she straight-up refused to give me her name, numerous times. I finally realized I was arguing with an actual insane person, so I gave up. If you're ever thinking of ordering from here, just throw $15 into the trash instead.
4	I always go this place for some good northen style chinese food and also for their chinese breakfast on weekends. The food are usuall consistent,authentic, good portion and reasonable priced.
1	100% Worst $40 I've ever spent. I can't believe any 5 star reviews aren't written by their staff.
2	The only reason I'm not giving this place one star is because I went with a group of 5 other people and two people were pretty happy with their dishes. One guy got the small chicken fried rice and said it was a good deal. Another person got the large lo mien and had enough leftover for her packed lunches for the next few days. I have to give it to them, the quantity of some of their dishes is large. However, the quality is seriously lacking. I got the dumplings and pork bun. They said the dumplings were homemade on the menu, so I was pretty excited about them, but I've definitely had better; the dumpling skin on some of them was a bit dry and tough. Have you ever wished you could go into the kitchen of a restaurant and help them make the dish better? That's how I felt about the pork bun. It looked like they had all the ingredients needed to make a good pork bun, but what they served was an oily mess. I could only eat about a third of it before I had to stop because it was too bland to justify slurping down that much oil. I think this meal goes down in my books as the worst Chinese food I've ever had at a restaurant.
1	Ordered 3 Maki Rolls from here via grubhub for delivery... holy effing chuck... this was the biggest waste of money ever. The pieces of sushi were so small that all 18 pieces fit on a small tray that usual holds MAYBE 8. I sent my husband to Trader Joes to go get a 25 piece tray for $7. The quality was the same...DO NOT GIVE A HORRIBLE BUSINESS LIKE THIS YOUR MONEY!Edit: Wow, it got worse... after my husband got back from Trader Joes and we sat down to eat, it turns out that they completely got the order wrong - cucumber rolls instead of tuna rolls. It took a 10 minute phone call to get them to 1, believe us, 2, admit they were wrong, and 3, to refund the money. HORRIBLE service.
3	Very nice ppl and food was pretty good at the right price. Lunch special 3.95 select sushi rolls
