3	I do like Sonic, but this is iffy on this one.  It's not your average Sonic Drive in.  Come to think of it, I'm still unsure why they call it a Drive In, when its actually inside a Walmart Shopping Center.  Sure enough, they do get business from Walmart shoppers, but on the other hand, it can be a bad thing too.  Located inside Walmart off 215 and Decatur is where Sonic Drive In, is located.  Usually I probably would see McDonald's inside a Walmart but it is interesting to have something different.  It does give Sonic that "fast food restaurant" feel to it, instead of sitting in your car and eat.  Which is good for those who like the restaurant feel and not drop lettuce or crumbs in between the car seats.  It's not big as an actual fast food restaurant, but big enough to have a place to sit, eat and stay out of the sun.  What I dislike about it, is that, you have the shoppers that want something to eat after shopping.  So it tends to get busy, plus they won't allow shopping carts inside the restaurant, so you have shopping carts that might get in your way when you're trying to get out.  It does take a tad bit longer to get your food, cause if it is busy, there is a line and hope they're loud enough to call your number cause there's no car hop to deliver your food.  But the reason why I go here, is cause I love Sonic regardless where the location is.  The food is still the same, just a minor dislike on the location, but I'll still come here for the food.  It's the same as the Drive In.  If you're a Sonic fan, then it might be a good place to get your Sonic fix, if you're in the area.  As long as you don't mind the shoppers, shopping carts and waiting to get your number called.  You might be luckier than me if you do go.  Enjoy.
4	Sonic, where would I be without your tasty goodness?  Eating at some other fast food joint that has no Happy Hour.  Daily at your local Sonic from 2 - 5 PM...Happy Hour that has 1/2 off of your favorite drinks and slushes!This one is pretty cool since it's in the local Walmart.  Weird, but cool.  I really think it's the only Walmart in all of Las Vegas (possibly even all of Nevada) that has a friggin' Sonic inside it's walls.  Yeah, screw you McDonald's..take your Golden Arches elsewhere!  Sonic is coming with the big guns, and will PUMP...YOU...UP!  This Sonic is different in the fact that it has no Drive-In but the good old eats are all the same.  You got your burgers and hot dogs, fries and onion rings.  All the shakes and slushes are still there too.  But at this Sonic you can grocery shop and stop!  As long as you love to grocery shop at Walmart.  I can't stand Walmart.  Especially on a Sunday.Sonic is where I like to go for a cheap hot dog and a drink.  The only other place I like going to is Costco...cheap on the cheap!  But at Sonic I can get me my 'cheat meal' of a foot long Chicago Dog or Coney with Chili & Cheese (plus mustard and extra onions), a side of tater tots, and a Route 44 Low-Cal Cherry Limeade or Low-Cal Cherry Diet Dr. Pepper.  OH YUM YUM.  All for less than $6!  Sure beats a combo # anything at just about any other fast food place.  Yeah yeah, I know you Chicagoans will groan that the Chicago Dog at Sonic ain't close to authentic, but who cares!  For the price and our current economy I'm sold!  I haven't been to a place here in Las Vegas yet besides Sonic that will sell me a foot long Chicago Dog!  Happy eats = Happy man-child.  The shakes here beat out a lot of other places too.  I mean come on, Sonic uses real ice cream soft serve for their shakes and the price is hard to beat.  I love a Cookies & Cream or Strawberry shake on a hot Las Vegas summer night.  Plus, don't forget with every order you get free Sonic Mints!  A nice touch to make your Sonic experience feel a bit Old School.  Natch!Service here is fairly quick, and at least in my experience always friendly and efficient.  Yeah, don't make this guy wait long for his food.  Me hungry!
2	I am a fan of sonic. Especially the experience but this one in particular is inside Walmart. The staff is often times looking drained and not pleasant. They charge for drink refills and close off most of the sitting areas more then 50% of the time that I've been there. Only reason I keep coming back is I have children and unfortunately this is the Walmart I frequent often. I really wish they would learn to SMILE and be a bit more attentive and stop closing down more then half of the store because they don't want to have to clean it after 6pm.
1	Cashier is rude as fuck. And gross as shit, wiping her nose with her sleeve while I'm ordering. I feel unclean as hell eating this shit right now.
4	I am a SONIC FAN, so let me preface my review with that.  How can you beat 1/2 price drinks from 2-4p every day?  And they have like a gajillion options to choose from.  This is an easy in/out location.  The service is consistently a-ok.  Fast food isn't my thing...so can't review their food, but I have heard their onion rings ROCK!
5	This location is so much better than the Camino El Norte store.  The shakes are great here,  and they get you in and out!  We drive the 5 miles extra to go here  because it's so consistent
1	My fiance and I came into this Walmart and famished we decided since there was a sonic and we've been mcdonalds'd out we would try something different so we ordered and the prices are really getting ridiculous for fast food. The cashier looked bored and was super rude and this was after we were trying to joke with her. Then I wanted to have something to put my ketchup in so I could dip my tots in and two girls smiled at me but never asked me if I needed something and even walked past me a couple times, until the cashier finally "saw" me and asked what I needed and even when I said in a chipper way "thank you" she just looked on zombie like. My fiance wanted a refill on his regular sized drink (coke) and was charged $0.86 which is really ridiculous! If they wanted to they could just refill the cup instead of providing a brand new one.... We walked out having spent $16 and were very disappointed with the food and service- this place is almost enough to stop me from visiting other Sonic Restaurants.
