4	When a power surge in gilbert took out my LG clothes washer I found myself needing a laundromat which was coined by Westinghouse. (I did not know that.)1. Its clean in here and smells nice.2. Free wifi (I'm here now) 3. Met the owner. Heres a really nice guy. 4. Lots of machines and all difference sizes to the amount of clothes you need to wash. I will bring our comforter here as unless you have a uber-huge washer isn't going to do a knock up job. 5. Open 7am to 10 pm every day. Don't know about holidays. 6. Wash and folder service by the pound.$1.10 as of now.7. There is someone always here on staff, so if you need coins or questions you have service. 8. Its not humid like some of the other places I've been in where the air is so thick with the smell of fabric softer it sticks to your skin. That is not this place. 9. Vending machines chips and snacks and soda. 10. It feels safe here they have closed circuit monitoring, its well lit of you have a full view of gilbert road. 11. Disk network, streaming hi-def TV. You won't miss your game or show if its not already being used.
5	This place is owned by a very nice couple. It is very clean and they have good prices. The dryers work exceptionally well, I dried a HUGE load for not even 20 minutes and it was bone dry. Highly recommend this place. They also do 1$/pound wash,dry,fold.
5	You notice right away how clean and fresh this place is.  Staffed by family members which made it feel very safe and friendly. Plenty of reasonably priced detergents etc. in the vending machines was convenient and plenty of parking too...fluff and fold was available,  I would use tlc again.
5	I hate to one of "those people" who airs their dirty laundry in public but after using the dry cleaning services at TLC I feel I must get the word out!  After moving I needed to find a new local dry cleaner, so I did some research and found TLC based on their good  reviews and  close location. I then chose to take my beloved bedding there. These are not your ordinary dirty sheets mind you, but my favorite, took forever to shop for, procured by careful planning of good sales, discounts and saved up gift cards Vera Wang bedding, shams and matching throw pillows included. I could not trust them to  just anyone! Before the cooler weather,  I wanted to make sure they were clean of the usual child cup spills, spoiled little dog who sneaks into my bed hair, late night filibertos spills and well lets just say mystery stains. I took them to TLC  which was the cleanest laundry mat/ dry cleaning business I've seen. The lady at the front counter was friendly and took the time to tell me they'd been very busy and it would take several days to be ready. Well winter wasn't anytime soon so I took my chances. She took down my info and gave me my pick up slip, and let me know they'd call when ready. Two days sooner than I expected I received a call that my precious was clean. I wasn't able to get them right away but when I did the friendly gentleman at the front counter found them in seconds. I was amazing at how inexpensive my bill was, especially for a queen comforter, shame & decorative pillow covers. They looked practically perfect, almost like brand new again. No more dog hair, drink, food or mystery stains! I've found a new dry cleaner, the name says it all! Thanks TLC for taking great care of my dirty laundry!!!
5	On a Sunday morning , we took in 80lbs of laundry because we didn't have a laundry room. They were amazing! And got it done in 8 hours. Very clean place, and super nice people! Totally recommend them
5	This place is a bit small but the owners are extremely helpful and welcoming! It's always clean and that's a plus when you're washing your kiddos clothes! Overall this place is great!
5	By far the best laundromat Ive been to. Im new in town and needed a place to launder my king size comforter. When I first walked in the very friendly and helpful owner greeted me right away.  He immediately offered me change, advised me on the machine and even told me how long it would take. Plenty of seating and very clean.
5	I think it is time that I write a review for this joint! I have been coming to TLC Wash N Clean on and off for the last 7 years. This laundry mat has an attendant there at all times. You can even drop off items to be cleaned for you. A lot of washers (some regular size and some gigantic!) and lots of dryers. There is also a soda and snack machines and bottled water or ice cream for sell. If you need quarters.. you can get them there from a machine or buy rolls from the attendant as well. Free wifi and flatscreen on the wall to watch TV (satellite) while waiting for your laundry to finish. Definitely love coming here. Get my laundry done within an hour and a half and I am back home!
5	What a super place!! Nice & clean!! Washers of ALL sizes and lots of them!!!! It is coin operated, but you can purchase rolls of quarters if you want to use a credit card. The cycles are quick, too! I thought I would spend an entire day here... Nope!! I did 9 loads of laundry in about 1 & 1/2 hrs!! I would come back if my washer was broken again!! :)
5	I was visiting from out of town, and tried this laundromat out based upon the positive reviews on Yelp. I am pleased to say, I was NOT disappointed!Terry and his staff keep a very tidy place. It was very neat and clean (even the restroom). The WiFi was very convenient and an added bonus, (as was the Direct TV). They have vending machines with an adequate selection of treats, as well as ice cream and cold, bottled water for sale, behind the counter.We were in and out in about an hour, thanks to the clean and efficient washers and dryers. I was also pleasantly surprised that the dryers were all equipped with Wrinkle Guard (the dryer spins several times after the machine has stopped, to prevent wrinkles).We will be using this place when we visit Arizona in the future. The address is locked in my Garmin. :-)
5	No need to panic if you can't do the laundry for any reason. They will do it here, and fold it neatly for you, at a very reasonable price and fast.Excellent service all around. Thanks Hannah!
5	Love this place. There were lots of washer and dryers available. The facility was clean. They had a/c blasting and a tv to watch while I wait.
4	The place is very clean and the staff friendly. My biggest complaint would be that it's rather small and there is no place that is convenient to work with if you are using the wifi for your computer. Though the fact that they have wifi and a tv is a big plus.  The owners allow you to use your credit/debit card to buy quarters which is so convenient.
1	Had my dry cleaning done here and it was a train wreak. First they had the wrong ticket on my dry cleaning, then the girl I was talking to insisted that the dry cleaning that was attached to my ticket was mine I asked to see the log of dry cleaning and once she showed it to me I was able to prove to her that the dry cleaning she was presenting to me was not mine. At this point she said she didn't know what to do and I would need to talk to the manager. Lucky me because at that point the manager walked in. After talking to him he apologized for the mistake and told me he would call the place where the dry cleaning was dropped off at. (I had no idea they outsourced the dry cleaning to Rose cleaners a block away) once he got a hold of the dry cleaning place where my clothes were at he informed me that they should be done later that day and would call me when they came in......wait for it.....a week later after being out of town and not being able to come in and NEVER receiving a call from anyone I checked on my dry cleaning and to my luck it was there and was done. Long and short this maybe a great place to go get your laundry but stay away if you are getting dry cleaning done.
