5	24 hours and THE best subs in Las Vegas!!!!!
4	Got the order wrong. Ordered two smells  but she keyed in a medium and didn't offer to fix it. So I love caps but now I'll have leftovers I didn't intend to have. By the way, greeting us is nice, but yelling "Hey!" Is a bit less than professional. So I was grouchy and hungry when I wrote the above, but after eating such a good sub so I changed my 3 to a 4 star. Yum!
5	Love this place. Cool people and great sandwiches. Capastromi is hands-down the best sub ever made.
5	This location recently opened not to long ago. It's in a busy shopping plaza & right off the 215 & Eastern.I got a flyer in the mail for a free sandwich to use @ several locations in Vegas & chose this one cause it was on my way to work. Well let me tell you the friendliness of the staff there. As soon as I walked into the store I was greeted by a female who said hello to me & asked me how I was! YES, I was acknowledge!! Always a great feeling when entering a business. I showed her my flyer & she ranted what a great deal it was. I placed my order....Italian sandwich, one that I always get, very yummy!  She went over the ingredients with me to make sure of the ones I wanted, also asked me if I wanted any chips or drink. I sat down while I waited for my sandwich to be made. The store wasn't very busy when I was there. (Thursday a little after 6pm)I didn't wait very long maybe 5 minutes if that, she offered me a bag & actually brought the sandwich over to where I was sitting ( I was taking it to go).Capriotti's is one of my favorite sandwich shops in Vegas. The bread is always soft & they don't skimp on the fillings. I will def. visit this location again due to the fact of the location & the friendlessness of the staff there.
5	So I don't eat sandwiches much.That might change.Holy cow.  Where on earth have I been.  Thanksgiving explosion in your mouth...AKA the "Bobbie."  (Turkey, Stuffing and Cranberry Sauce)I found out it's the #1 sandwich and I have been hiding under a rock because holy amazeballs!!  My plan was to eat half of my 9" sandwich now and half later.  FAIL.  ALL NINE INCHES IN MY MOUTH.  Sorry Yelpers.  I could not resist.  I was heaven.  No such thing as later.I will be back for more sandwiches (on my cheat days HEE HEE).
5	4.5/5This is a pretty new Capriotti's. Friendly staff and great sandwiches. You can call ahead and order, order on the Cap ap, or order online. Great location, clean restaurant, and Wise Chips:)
5	Oh it hurts so good. By hurts I mean the inevitable stomach ache you'll get if you inhale a 12inch hot sandwich in under ten minutes, but maybe that's just me. I really wanted to try something different this time, but if it ain't broke don't fix it. Capastrami FTW! My friend did get the Philly Cheesesteak however and I tried a bite of that, and it was BOMB. I have a confession, I've never actually had a philly cheesesteak, of any kind, anywhere, so I don't think these are super traditional but it was super flavorful, tender, and a little bit spicy from the peppers and onions. If for any reason someone told me I couldn't eat pastrami and coleslaw, I'd get that FO SHO.
5	I want to give HUUUGEEE props to this location. I came after they closed but they still opened the doors and served me. It looked like everything was almost clean even. Thats terrific customer service. Thank you again to Colton and jonathan, they were listed on the receipt.
5	Favorite sandwich spot. Not one sandwich I didn't like.. clean fast and friendly location.
