3	Interesting boutique but features women's clothes for an older, richer woman. Some interesting accessories, but I preferred their sister boutique, Razberry at 1841 St. Catherine.
4	I really like their clothing here. Their store displays always suck me in. Too bad I'm on a pattern/print/statement piece thing this year, because if not, I'd find a lot of cool solids and warm knits to wear.Very simple, pretty, nice looking bags, and of a higher quality than their Razberry store down the street.Jewellery is also really pretty, but in the $100+ range!!
3	I found some pieces I have been looking from bb Dakota, nasty gal, style stalker which I usually get from karmaloop. And it is usually way more expensive here. So sometimes I go in just to try something I like and then hunt it on the web. It sounds terrible especially that the girl working there now is sooo nice. She used to work at Betsy Johnson and she is absolutely lovely and she has amazing tastes.
5	My favourite boutique in Montreal! The clothes have a vintage twist and it is cheap for the quality and unicity you get. Great accessories too.
5	I won't write much here because as a (non-crossdessing) male, I don't need any of the clothes at this store. However, I came by with my girlfriend who was enamered with the clothing offered.I found the pieces she tried to be truly elegant and well priced. The atmosphere is also wonderful and the staff is super friendly so I had no issues hanging out on the couch in "boyfriend mode" while she tried on outfits.It's just a great little shop. Oh, with wifi!
5	Beautiful vintage inspired clothing.  Lots of flowy feminine chic items.  Bought a pair of pale lavender/gray slacks with a built in tan mini belt that was off center, with soft pleats down the front.  Really amazing, elegant and unique.  Prices were actually pretty reasonable.  The most expensive things in the store were about 90 dollars, while most items are about 20-40 dollars.  If you're looking for stylish one of a kind clothes, you should visit this shop.  I'm from NYC and will be sad not to be able to shop here in the future.  They have a website but it is a mere "glimpse" of the stock in the store.
5	Not only was there a unique selection of fun and feminine clothes at reasonable prices, but the two girls that helped us were adorable and very helpful. They brought us clothes that they thought we would like and that fit our body with a smile, making it an all around wonderful shopping experience! This store needs to open up in NYC!
5	Discovering Boutique 1861 was amazing for my wardrobe, but not so much for my wallet. When I close my eyes and imagine heaven it looks quite like this little shop located in one of Montreal's many shopping districts--gorgeous dresses line the walls, while feminine accents add beauty and flare to the unique boutique. Not to mention, everything is so pretty. SO PRETTY!Plus the staff were super sweet. The one girl, I wish I got her name, was so helpful when I was trying to find a specific dress that I saw on their website. It was sold out of this location but available on Saint-Laurent. She offered to have one held for me, but I didn't have much time and so I declined the offer. However, I couldn't stop thinking about the dress and ended up at the second location anyway, which was just as beautiful though a little more chaotic than this one. I think I preferred this location. Not only are the dresses special, but they're reasonably priced. I will likely find myself here every time I visit Montreal...though the girl did mention they ship to Toronto, which means my budget might be in trouble...
5	This boutique was basically my dream store. I wanted everything they had. I tried on about 8 dresses and bought 3 Of them. I could have bought more if someone else was paying ;-)Nice salespeople, cute store, great bags and tissue paper to hold your purchases.
4	I visited this store over the past summer, and I cannot even get over how cutesy, adorable, charming...and yeah you get the point, that this store is. This store has everything nailed down to the actual inventory to the decor. It gives off a very feminine, vintage, Parisian-like vibe. The only problem? What else? It's pricey, but totally worth it, seeing all the unique pieces! It was also super crowded when I was there, and I, of course, understand why!If I'm ever back in the Montreal area again, this will earn a stop (or hopefully one will open in NYC soon!).
