5	The homemade potato salad is awesome!  I had the pastrami sandwich on marble rye which was also really good, and for $6.59 it's pretty hard to beat that for value.  Cool atmosphere with local art on the walls and the owner is really nice and always there herself.  She makes great little pre-made soups in mason jars that you just add boiling water and other cool unique items.  Great little spot and much needed in this area!  I will definitely go back often!
5	I went with some friends on a Friday night, and I got the German special of the day, a bratwurst in a bun with a side of sauerkraut and spicy German mustard, dumpling soup, potato salad and a drink for eight dollars. I shared some of my soup with a friend and gave her half of the potato salad and was still stuffed! The potato salad was the best I've ever had and the owner told us that it's made with mustard and a little oil instead of mayo. It had bits of bacon in it and that made it it so yummy! I'll definitely be back to try the other German specials and see how the owner's menu will grow (sounds like she has some tasty plans!)
5	Our kitchen was a mess so we decided to go out for dinner. As usual, we waffled between our usual haunts until I finally whipped out Yelp to decide for us. We found Oma's Place and decided to try it out. They just opened on June 3rd so they are relatively new. The food did not disappoint! Part deli, part German cafe, Oma's Place offers a good selection of sandwiches, sweets, and traditional German dishes-of-the-day. We tried the Monday special which was rouladen. Our meals came with pickle soup, which was tangy and delicious, red cabbage, sweet with hints of clove, and the rouladen plate which included mashed potatoes and gravy. The rouladen was so tender, like it had been cooked for hours and the mashed potatoes were a nice touch. Even though the portions looked small, we came away totally satisfied. To end our meal, we sampled black forest oatmeal cookies which did not disappoint. I am excited to try more of their specials. Please try out Oma's Place!
5	I crave good German food which is hard to find in Arizona, but I found it! I tried their daily special, rouladen which was excellent! The meat was so tender that it just fell apart when it touched my fork. The homemade mashed potatoes were thick and flavorful and were topped with the delicious rich gravy from the rouladen. There was also a side of yummy red cabbage. It also came with a cup of soup which was yummy! I hope this place gets some traffic since it's hidden in a slow  mall on the corner of Alma School and Southern. I'll be back to try their specials again!
5	Love this place! I had the veggie sandwich and it was delicious! This place has a great relaxed vibe and the staff is very friendly... Will definitely be back!!
4	This place is seriously great. Nothing too special with the atmosphere, great prices, great food, and perfect for lunch. They were a little overwhelmed but you have to expect that with a brand new place. I got the club with marble rye and it was delicious. So many break options btw. The German potato salad was one of the best I've had and they had a pickle soup which weirdly tasty. Not to mention they have Red Creme Soda. Can't wait to see this place rolling. Good luck to you Oma!
5	I'm going to start this review slightly negative, which I think is okay because I did give Oma's 5 stars in my review.  My first visit was inspired by cravings for German food.  So I was (more than a little) disappointed when I arrived at Oma's Place and found it to be nothing more than a typical American sandwich deli that happened to have a 'German Dish of the Day' for $7.99.Of course, then I ordered that first GDotD - which happened to the cabbage roll day - and was treated to two good sized pork cabbage rolls, lightly covered in sauce, with a side of warm and tangy potato salad.  The tagessuppe was Corn Chowder - served piping hot - in a light broth with lots of potato chunks and corn kernels.  It was amazing.And then I went back again for another GDotD - on beef rouladen day - a single, good sized rouladen, exceptionally tender, with rich mashed potatoes and sweet red cabbage sliced unusually thick.I'll make my way though the all the GDotDs eventually.  As for the rest of the Oma's Place experience, the lady at the cashier was super friendly.  The restaurant itself was open and bright - with huge windows - and several benches outside in the shade for some outdoor eating.  I'll admit it... I don't think I would head out here just for sandwiches (when in Phoenix, I'm down in Tempe), but I absolutely would for the german food.
5	I went to Oma's last night with a living social deal. It exceeded my expectations good food and everything tasted really fresh and the soup was to die for. I grabbed a homemade apple strudel on my way out for breakfast in the morning and it was so big I have breakfast for tomorrow. Great service and food = no gripes here.
5	Found this place scrolling through Yelp and it was great! Went for lunch and had homemade schnitzel, spaetzle, red cabbage, and a mushroom soup. I didn't care for the cabbage but everything else was amazing. Oma was very friendly and chatty, and everything felt like a nice home cooked meal. They also offer a pretty standard selection of deli sandwiches. Try it, I'm sure you'll find something you'll like!
5	First time in today was a pleasant surprise.  Oma was so nice and patient explaining the German specials of the day.  They had two specials Swedish Meatballs and Saurbraten and both came with choice of two soups, mashed potatoes and gravy, an amazing cabbage, and a drink.  ALL FOR $ 7.99!  The food was great along with the service. Get out here and try this place. NE Corner of Alma School and Southern. We will be back soon.
3	Not the 5 star experience I was anticipating. Good food. Fair atmosphere. Fair choices. Fair hospitality.
5	I have this rule go here twice before you  review.I still like it. Growing up in a german home, its all of 2 things, clean and full of food. This place has both 1 star. I assume the first time I met Oma. She was a sweet lady and we bonded over me ordering a lot of cabbage. Star 2.Throw in the tagsuppe of the day which that day was the Knopel.(sorry my spelling sucks). 3 stars. I also enjoyed my brat. 4 Stars.I leave and am satisfied. The true test is when I bring in my ma. Ma noticed that today was Dill pickle soup day, this pleases her immensely.  We get soup. It's delicious. 5 stars! Her Rouladen was perfect. Mine was a little pink but thats okay everything else was good and I will still keep it 5 stars because some people like that. I also like that its a atmosphere that is close to my home in comparison to  Zur Kate or even Haus'. This is more realistic , cheap and homey.Alas I am still looking for the doner kebab of my dreams.5 stars!
5	What a great find!  Very good food in a clean and quaint environment. Homemade soups and yummy sandwiches. Check out their daily specials.  This will be one of my lunch time "go-to" spots!  Thanks for a nice experience.
5	The best Wiener Schnitzel west of Salzburg.Crispy, tender and tasty.Going back soon.
