4	They guys from Sergio's Lawn Service came out to clean up my yard this morning.  The weeds had been getting a bit out of hand.I liked that they gave me a flat, hourly rate rather than an expensive quote for the whole job.  That let me decide how long I wanted them to work and stay within my budget.  The rate was for a three-man crew and they worked efficiently and quickly.  I'm going to be contacting them to come back on a biweekly cleanup basis.  If everything goes well, I may have to round my review up to 5 stars!
5	I'm still using Sergio's after all these months.  They're friendly and do everything I would expect.  I still really dig that they work on a flat hourly rate so I can decide how much I want to spend per job.
1	I had a renter for some time who let the backyard go...  I knew it was a mess and I was waiting for other plans to start before re-doing the entire landscape of the backyard.I called Sergio's to have JUST the FRONT yard taken care of on a twice a month schedule.  Three months later, I come home from work to find his guys in my BACK yard.  I get the bill and they apparently spent 6+ hours back there... I didn't ask them to do the backyard.  I never had.  The agreement was the Front Yard only (for HOA reasons) like they had done for months.Of course he billed me anyway, then sent it to collections a week later.I fought it and spent nearly three months going back and forth with his collection company.The bright side?   I won.
1	Terrible. Sergios installed sod at my house and didn't bring a roller. The "crew" didn't even know what one was. When I called the office they told me another crew would come later in the day to roll it. I went ahead and paid. Big mistake. They never came back. The job came out terribly.  When I tried to follow up they ignore my messages. I recommend going with someone who's more honest and reputable.
1	When I called around for a yard clean-up, most of the prices were about the same so I chose Sergio's because they could come out fast.  The 3 person team arrived early this morning and before they began I inquired as to how long it would take them and if they knew what the approx. charge would be.  There was a lot of communication issues but finally the one said $95/hour.  I just let it drop as we were getting nowhere.  35 minutes after they started they rang the bell to tell me they were finished.  I asked how much and I was told $95.  I said for 35 minutes of work??  and he shook his head yes.  It would have been nice to be told that there was a MINIMUM CHARGE.  They have lost a repeat client.  There were others that had flat fees and they were less than the $95 charge!  If you use these guys make sure that the owner comes out (as I expected him to be but was not) so that there will not be a language problem or you'll be ripped off too.
2	The 3 person team arrived early but that was ok.  I asked the price and after a bit of communication issues was given an hourly rate.  I have a very small front & back yard.  They rang the door 35 minutes later for their money and I was told I owed for a full hour ($95).  When l talked to the owner nothing was said about a minimum charge. They would have bad a repeat client had They been honest.
5	I called Segio on a Thursday and he sent out three guys to clean up my boyfriends front yard. They were done in hour and a half and it looks wonderful. We will use his services again. Very reasonable! And on time/early!!
1	I called Sergio's Lawn Service yesterday to schedule a yard cleanup largely based on the reviews here on yelp. Sergio called back, and we scheduled a three person team to come at 8am today.  Well, at 9:45, I called Sergio to see if they were lost or ran into trouble.  Things happen, so I am pretty understanding.  It's now 11:20, and I have not seen nor heard from anyone.  I completely wasted my morning waiting for nothing.  Now i have to try and find someone else to tackle my weeds.
5	So I called this morning to get some last minute lawn service done to the house.  After reading several reviews I was aware that you pay for the full hour regardless if it takes 10 minutes or 59 minutes.I spoke with Sergio on the phone and indicated I wanted just a one hour service call and to just do what they could in that time.  The three man crew came to the house, we walked the property and I informed him several times that I just want one hour at which point they started to do the work.  They where very polite and did a great job.  The yard looks fantastic.I am reserving the 5 star review they should get until I see the credit card charge.  When I asked for a receipt they told me they didn't have one at which time I confirmed "just one hour correct?", to which he replied yes.  Once I see that I was indeed charged the correct amount, one hour, I will come back and modify the review.  If for some reason I can't change my star rating, I will amend this post either way.***Edit***As promised I am back here to change my rating.  I was billed the proper amount and cant say anything negative about the experience.  Thank you for everything.
5	We have now used their services twice and have been extremely pleased both times.  They arrived as scheduled and brought a crew of 3 men each time.  We use them to get rid of our weeds and to put down a weed spray when they're done.  Both times, we were given a flat rate (not hourly).  I have no idea how the pricing compares to other places, but to us, they're worth every penny.  They do in one hour what would take us weeks to do.  They get every weed, clean up very well after, and today, even trimmed some dead pieces off our palm tree complimentary.  We will definitely continue to use them.
5	Called Sergio yesterday to help with my weed infestation in front and back yard. Sergio had his 3man crew here at 8am ready to work. They were extremely efficient and thorough. They got all the weeds pulled up, cleared dead plants, trimmed trees and hedges, and when they were done they even skimmed the pool to clean debris...all in 1 hour 15 minutes. I will definitely call them again. I wish I could have taken a before picture or perhaps I can add one at a later date but I recommend these guys.
5	This is a great crew! I had them come out this morning to remove some bushes and tidy up the yard. They were fast, courteous, and completed high quality work. They are also affordable. I will definitely use them in the future!
1	I have had terrible luck with this lawn service recently. Please do not furnish Sergio with your credit card number; he will put the card through on PayPal, which is very hard to stop when he is processing fraudulent charges. His crew stole a valuable tree-lopping tool from me at a house I was leasing right before I moved out. Then, after I moved out, he has billed me for monthly services for two months running because, despite being informed by me on the phone, he claims that I have to terminate his services in writing. This is the worst consumer experience I have had in years and I feel that this behavior has to be stopped. I'm certain most people don't count obtaining a new credit card and taking a trip to small claims court as among the experiences they are looking forward to when hiring a landscaper.
1	Don't bother with this company, he was scheduled to do work for me and was a no call, no show and won't answer his phone.
1	I should have known after the first failed attempt that this company wouldn't work out. I was quoted a price for bi-weekly yard maintenance that included check and maintaining  my sprinkler system.  When they showed up the guy try to charge me extra and I told them to leave if I wasn't going to be charge what I was quoted. I called Sergio and he explained that it was a miss communication and he would send the guys back.  The next time they came the same guy the cause problems the first time made me feel really uncomfortable. He started talking about how he had been to the house during the week and where was I why wasn't I home. (my service was set up for Saturday mornings) I was a bit freaked out by this.  I called Sergio again.  The next time they came my husband went to the door. They showed up at 6am on Saturday morning. My husband asked why where they there so early and that we couldn't have loud noise in the neighborhood that early in the morning. They never came back. They also left me with 6 broken sprinklers and a water leak.   I paid for the first two visits in advance. Now I am getting bills from Sergio saying that I owe for more. I am glad that I read the Yelp reviews about not giving him my credit card information.
1	After writing this review and the comment left by Joseph I got a call from a collection agence. They are claiming that they provided services that they did not.  Stay away from this guy.
5	I have used Sergio's for years and have nothing but good to say. The price is fair you know what you are going to pay and they do a great job cleaning up the yard when they are done, including the weeds.
