5	Take one Artisan Roast. Open a new branch in a lovely little location. Add in some fresh, home-cooked food to the menu. And a 'mooch spot'. And a few more cushions. Keep all the rest as is (cool tunes, cool staff, chilled vibe, ah-may-zing coffee) et voila, you've got a lovely new neighbourhood coffee shop closer to my own abode - win!When I heard Artisan Roast were opening a pop-up shop where Ooud Kitchen used to be, I got just a wee bit excited. Artisan Roast coffee is quite a treat. I'll drink coffee other places, but it's always just 'a coffee' without  much passing thought. When I go to Artisan, I spend at least 5 minutes studying the menu of different beans on offer, pretending to know what I'm doing, and then asking for help from the nearest barista for something that's 'light, mild and fruity'. They're always brewing up new beans so it's always something a bit different, and leaves my tastebuds tingling regardless of the caffeine buzz to follow.In fact, for a better description of my love for the original store, have a lookie see:http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz/artisan-roast-edinburgh#hrid:dROJFj2gXcU29URdh2dN7gSo, as you can tell, Artisan Roast do good coffee. Their orginal branch does the coffee, some cakes, teas and hot chocolates. Pure and simple. But this new branch has FOOD. And what food. I've yet to try it but there's a fresh curry each day, Todd's yet-to-be-famous baked potato. A varying menu but made with love and talent, it looks delicious.The set-up inside is pretty sweet. High-top counters for a quick espresso. A window seat and large table for group fun, another wee table, and a mooch spot full of cushions and throws, and don't forget the comfy, comfy couch. The serving area and coffee machines are open to the store front, as in the original store, which again I love. Open, friendly, everyone-loves-coffee-so-we-all-love-each other attitude. Yes please.I think they're working on the free wifi too. If they succeed, I may become a permanent fixture, wired on caffeine, fuelled on baked potatoes, and typing furiously yelping non-stop. We shall see.It's a pop-up shop as a trial for August and the Festival season. I'm hoping it proves a succesful endeavour and sticks around for a while longer. The other one is just too far away to warrant a quick nip-out for a brew.
5	I popped in here for two reasons. Firstly, it was the only shop in a mile radius that wasn't a hairdresser. Seriously, highest concentration of hairdressers in Scotland. Admittedly, I was in the area for a haircut, but after being assaulted by 35 different barbers/stylists/coiffeurs I needed to regroup, drink some coffee and just go to the cheapest. Secondly, I'd had THE BEST coffee I'd drank since I left Australia at the other Artisan Roast store and I was keen to see if they could back it up. Back it up they did!The girl serving told me she was new and asked me how I wanted my coffee: More bitter or more acidic. Even though I had absolutely no idea what she was talking about, I was SO excited that she asked me... I must look like I know coffee! So I shrugged, said "black", sat down and listened to her ask every customer that came in "More bitter or more acidic?" It was imagined coffee cred!Anyway the coffee was really good, it wasn't burnt, it was a good temperature and wasn't outrageously bitter. It was a fun place to chill out and drink good coffee. I like that there isn't really a bar/counter, it's more of an open kitchen room with a 'mooch spot'. Also, there's plenty of street-poetry books/zines lying around, so if you really want to look 'hip', 'groovy' or 'happening' you can do what I did and stare at the pages of one of them for a while.So, in the words of FBI Special Agent Dale Cooper,"Damn fine coffee"
1	Tried to go here for a nice coffee and a read on a Sunday evening. While the coffee was excellent, two or three of the proprietor's very loud (entire conversation clear as a bell from across the room) and sweary friends were installed. Reading or having a conversation weren't really feasible. Won't be going back.
5	NO I DON'T WANNA. I DON'T WANNA AND I DON'T HAFTA. NO. NO. NO.This is my temper tantrum about the "pop-up" slash adorable status being decimated. I don't want you to go! The unfinished, me and my hipster friends put all of the money we made fixing bikes and selling our old vinyl into this place cause we needed a place to drink coffee, play scrabble and hate people lamer than us was really doing it for me. Don't let it go Artisan Roast, don't let it go. And for the man complaining about overhearing someone else's conversation... see above. You're lamer than me for that matter too. I liked listening, and joining and getting help spelling some pretty impressive Scrabble words ("wavering" for one). Whilst chatting away over a latte (super expensive but cannot bring myself to have you lose a star in ever) at 2pm on a Monday of yet ANOTHER week I didn't have to do anything, playing Scrabble on a little couch looking at a shirtless photo of the manager and/or owner this ridiculously awesome place got me thinking... "fuck everyone else's life".
4	(Arguably) the best coffee in town. Artisan Roast provides coffee for many different cafes and restaurants around the city. So, coming here, is coming directly to the big cheese. I have come here several times, and yes, I really love the coffee. But I also always takeaway from here. There aren't as many seats here as the original store on Broughton st, but there's the same clientele (hippies like coffee, apparently.)It seems quite strange to not have a proper counter to takeaway from. I am so used to standing to wait for a takeaway that I feel strange being told to have a seat while they're preparing my drink, but maybe it's just me?Overall though, It's a great spot and I'm glad I have this place as a morning coffee option! I come here quite frequently! Oh, and p.s there's a punch card for this place! Get your 9th or 10th free.
5	The coffee is superb.  A bit of a hipster haven but that's alright with me.
5	I have never had a bad coffee from any of the Artisan Roast establishments in Edinburgh. The chocolate Brownies can also be recommended!. They make the BEST Flat Whites I have tasted. They are perfectionists in making sure the blend is correct, almost to annoying point as they will reject attempts until they feel it is perfect.
4	Really great coffee, tasty lemon drizzle cake, lovely atmosphere and friendly staff.  What more could you ask for? Oh actually the only thing lacking is wifi.
5	Artisan Roast are back! New! Improved! Still spot, right the damn on. It all feels very familiar, walking in. Brewing area, cosy in the back where you can snuggle up on some semi-comfortable seats with coffee and good book. Not quite comfy enough to doze off on, but for a brief duration, it's ok. The thing with Artisan Roast is that they are so insanely obsessed with coffee. I swear they bathe in the stuff, and fall asleep on a pillow fully of finely roasted beans. I mean, there is an art to what they do, and I feel almost that it almost ascends to a level that is unintelligible to fools like I. But I'm off to one of their tasting events, and edu-macate myself in the ways of the bean. They have passion - and it shows in what they give you to drink. As there have been frequent times where I have walked away with an entirely vile, over brewed, stewed mess of a drink, I appreciate the crazy. Here, I know that it will be good. Do you need anything more than that?
4	I like it in here. It's open plan. They serve good coffee and nice cake things. It smells amazing, is unassuming, much like this reviewer. I have a few issues though. I think it's a touch too small. (mainly because when I enter anywhere it becomes smaller by quantum association, I'm fairly sure this is "Alex Physics" so don't quote me). I've been in a few times to get a takeaway cup and felt like I was imposing on someones sitting room. I certainly got a few odd looks as I just hovered for about 5 minutes (although it felt much longer - this is Quantum physics too) . I think that I have decided to come here if I want to sit and read a book in the back, or to chat to a friend, or to learn about espresso, or at some point speak to the co-founder about the history of coffee again.  But...... I'm not sure I will be heading for a takeaway coffee any time soon.Other than that though I love their blend, and the staff are friendly. Roses are red, coffee is black, well not all coffee is, sometimes you add milk.
5	BEST COFFE IN TOWN!!! Look no further, just go and try and try all of them, with so much delicious choices. This place has a great vibe and the place is all about passion. Passion for coffee and passion for people. This isn't a place to come and internet, its for socialising verbally or not.
4	I've been wanting to go to Artisan Roast for ages but everytime I pass it is always full. A good sign I think! There was finally space there today so I had to go in. I really liked the cafe. The staff were friendly and there was a nice atmosphere in there. It felt very relaxed. I was a bit cold sitting near the door but that couldn't be helped as it was an especially cold day. There seemed to be a good selection of coffees though I only had a latte myself.
4	it's sunday evening, i'm craving something sweet and still can't eat cake, the boyfriend suggests zulu lounge but they're closed.  then a beacon of light, artisan roast was still open and the girl confirmed that they were open for another hour yet so we could happily sit in.  i wanted a hot chocolate and for a speciality coffee cafe this place had an excellent range of hot chocolates!!  there was lemongrass white chocolate, chili, rose with black pepper, lavendar, and of course just normal hot chocolate.  unfortunately since it was sunday they had run out of a few options but my boyfriend happily settled with the rose and black pepper while i went for the lavendar.  the barista made them up fresh using warmed milk to combine with the chocolatey mix and brought them over.  my hot chocolate was lovely, just the right temperature to enjoy and drink right away.  it was chocolatey with a lovely hint of lavendar and reminded me of the lavender truffles i've had a few times.  i also had a sip of the rose with black pepper that was nice but with a bit of a kick from the black pepper.the vibe was relaxed and laid black with the barista leaving us to our drinks while she tidied things for closing.  i'll definitely be back here soon i hope, whether for a coffee or another hot chocolate.  i also really liked the looks of their cakes and sandwiches so may be a nice place for a weekend lunch as well.
1	I did not have a good experience here.Firstly, it was unclear where to order. When someone finally came to help us we asked for an espresso and a V60. A few minutes after sitting down, my espresso appeared. I found it to be quite gritty, there were a lot of coffee grounds in it. It did not taste very strong at all, which I can't really complain about. That's just my preference, I understand other people prefer weaker coffee. After waiting for at least half an hour, my fiance asked the barista to put his coffee in a to go cup as we were getting quite fed up. It was not particularly busy, we were unsure why it had taken so long and it seemed a little odd to bring the two coffees at different times.My fiance found the V60 a bit on the weak side, and neither of us thought it was worth the wait. It isn't one of the most pleasant of places to sit in, balancing awkwardly on a high stool, pretty much leaning on the woman behind me. On the plus side, we are a fan of the coffee beans Artisan Roast sell to other establishments and have enjoyed drinking this elsewhere.
4	I've never been to this said top coffee establishment.  so i popped in for a quick perk me and slap me about coffee ( I really needed it)  I opted for my old favourite - the flat white.  I really enjoyed it  and only needed one sugar!  I don't know why i've put this visit off for so long ... no idea what so ever.  I would give it 5 stars however this toilets were lacking hand paper and offer a ever so minging tea towel to dry hands with - hygienic, not so much. But the coffee is good x
4	Wonderful cool and cozy spot to stop for a drink while out exploring the Bruntsfield shops.They have a great range of unusual tea's and some really amazing hot chocolates. Perfect for a dreich day like today. I had the lemongrass and white choc hot chocolate, which was heavenly! They also had rose and black pepper, lavender as well as the classic.Highly recommended for something a little different, great service and warm and cosy to boot!
5	Having been in Edinburgh for about 7-8 months now, and been a weekly visitor before that for about 3 years,  I decided that I had to find out where my perfect latte was situated in this beautiful city I now call home. Artisan Roast was this days choice.I've walked past AR a few times, always looking in and feeling it a little too "hipster" for me and by no means do I use that word as an insult but as a way of portraying how it looks. After entering there isn't much of a different story to be told, but there is much more depth.AR is a very open plan coffee shop where you could look over the very informed brewmaster's shoulder as he prepared your beautiful cup of liquid gold if you so wished. As I entered the gent who seemed to be on his shift was sitting around with friends, chatting and laughing which was nice to see. All credit to him though, as soon as I entered this Coffee Kindom of Happiness he got straight out his seat and was very attentive to what my order was.Today I wanted to sit in so I just plonked myself down and let the master do his magic, and magic was exactly what he produced. A sign on one of the walls that stated that they roast their beans 3 times per week made me realise that I was in very good hands, or at least my taste buds were. The latte was deliciously prepared  with a very flavoursome coffee in my cup, I'm not too sure what style of bean it was but I wasn't interested as it tasted so good. So good, in fact, I stayed for another and ended up floating back to work.
3	I had a nice coffee here the other day... but, you know?  It wasn't the best. It was nutty and creamy but didn't bring the richness which I have come to enjoy with other coffee shops (including shops which use Artisan Roast beans).I also found the temperature to be too low - actually, for both the coffee *and* the shop. We stayed fully wrapped in the baltic shop and I rather wished we had just gotten our drinks to go. But then my already sub-temperature drink would have gotten even colder so actually scratch that. I don't like scalded drinks and I like to be able to drink what I've ordered right away, but I don't like feeling the need to gulp said drink down before it just becomes too cool to enjoy. For me, Artisan used to have Edinburgh's best coffee. But then we had a coffee revolution and lots of shops with excellent offerings popped up. Now Artisan is still very good but maybe not quite the king anymore.
