3	While this is definitely not a sex-ay review, it's warranted. If you're like me, then you loathe getting your car maintained. You know - inspections, renewing plates, etc. Blech. So, since I "ignored" my plate renewal for weeks on end, I finally came to a realization that I needed to procure a hasty inspection so I could *finally* renew my plates. Oops. Thus, herein was my search for a quick, close & fair auto inspection joint in Charlotte, preferably South End. And bam, South End Auto Inspections. Yes, the name says it all but they also repair motorcylces, too. Sweet.Upon driving up on a Saturday morning, I was out of here in 15 minutes with my passed inspection report in hand. The waiting area is a bit bland, but it's clean and there is a small TV in the corner. The guy who completed my inspection wasn't the most friendly of chaps, but, listen, I was out of there so quickly, it was no biggie. I paid $30 for my inspection, which seemed to be a bit much, but frankly I don't remember what I paid in 2010. For a quick, efficient auto inspection, South End Auto Inspections is just fine.
4	If you need an inspection for your vehicle...go here. Never busy; close to Uptown; 10-15 minutes; $30. Enough said...yours truly will be a regular as long as I live a mike from the place!
5	I'm not reviewing an upscale restaurant here but in terms of a car inspection location - South End gets 5.  No one likes the hassle of getting these car exams done but the quickest, friendliest experience I've had is here.  I was done in less than 15 minutes. The waiting room isn't dolled up but it has running AC in the summer; it's clean; and it has a flat panel TV - done.  The extra perk is that it is located in a great area for uptown citizens like myself!
5	Convenient- open til 6 which is nice so I can go after work. SUPER fast was literally in and out in 10 minutes. Nice waiting room with a flat screen tv- guy at the desk even asked if the channel was ok even though I was not there long at all. Didn't try to sell me any crap- just passed me and I was out. Definitely doesn't make getting an inspection feel like such a chore.Will go back every year for sure.
5	This place is fast, charges less than the last place I went and the people are very nice. I had a jumping thing I had purchased but couldn't assemble myself--I asked any chance I could pay them to put it together for me--they did it , tossed it in the back of the car, and wouldn't let me pay anything for it beyond the regular price of the inspection.
5	This place is just what you want in an inspection spot. They were fast (came in at 4:55ish on a Monday, they were done at 5:08), friendly (the office girl was polite and efficient) and fair (no trumped up issues). Who really cares if a waiting room is sparsely furnished, I'm there to get in and out and get my car inspected. Exactly what I was looking for.
1	Where do I begin... Turn Away NOW if you are considering this place! I took my motorcycle into this place after it had been dropped and I can honestly say it was the worst experience I have ever had with any business. I'm not writing this to tell them how I feel, trust me they already know. I'm writing this to WARN YOU. For starters I took my motorcycle in and they said it would be 2 weeks. It ended up being 5 months. And they STILL did not fix it. I was mostly in contact with a young man named Caleb who "claimed" to be a Manager/Owner.  Caleb was the most dishonest person I have ever trusted. During the six months I was waiting, it was a new excuse every time I called (I had to wait on the line for him every time, because he would NEVER return my calls). We're waiting on parts, it started leaking again, we are really slammed right now and we will get to it in the next couple weeks, we can't find the issue, we have to run more tests. Then he told me "We had to fire the 2 mechanics that were working on your bike because they were former drug addicts who have been stealing from the shop" (I'm not even exaggerating). I asked them if they ran background checks... Caleb knew they were convicted felons (stealing cars and drug charges) when they were hired. I know this because he gave me their names to look up on CharMeck's Sherriff Arrest Records site. He said they seemed rehabilitated and wanted to give them another chance.   In Caleb's quest for sainthood, my motorcycle was being used on a daily basis by these creeps. AND CALEB KNEW IT! Not only was my motorcycle being used as a shuttle from the car repair shop to the motorcycle shop down the street, but on several occasions they were taking my motorcycle home for the night. I know this because I know someone who works in a business next to theirs and he saw it nearly every day. If that weren't enough, my license plate was stolen. YES. I'm not kidding. When I confronted him about it, he said that he would take $20 off the total price. He didn't care that it costs $40 for a new plate, not to mention the hassle of going through the DMV.   Take a look yourself, not all of those motorcycles sitting outside in front of their shop on South Blvd have a for sale sign on them. They are using their customer's motorcycles to haul their own lazy butts back and forth to the motorcycle shop. All in all, I retrieved my motorcycle with over 400 additional miles on it and no repairs beyond a replaced battery, which I could have done myself. When I complained to the real owner Brian, he was the pushover "manager" you would imagine. He didn't have the stomach to drill his own workforce for answers. I would have been appalled if a customer reported what I told him, instead he rolled over an told me he was sorry. Caleb clearly runs that shop and this guy Brian doesn't even realize he's being taken for a ride.  So Brian, I'm sorry. You need to get control of your dishonest, undisciplined workforce, namely Caleb and the example he sets. He's taking advantage of you.  And to any person considering taking a motorcycle here, DON'T. Learn from my mistake. You will save yourself a major headache.I've gone to two shops since and both of them said they fix Southend's bad repairs all the time.
5	When they say fast, they mean fast! I barely had time to check into my social media haunts and power up my Kindle when they were calling my name to check out. Sure, I was the only one there, but these guys don't mess around. Luckily my car didn't need any repairs so I can't comment on their mechanical services.Their shop is kind of hard to miss on South Boulevard if you're not looking for it, I almost overshot but luckily there's a side street to turn down. It's right in between the Lowe's and the Taco Bell. No frills in the waiting room but honestly, there wouldn't be time to use any frills even if they had them. A good, solid place for your average "Just inspect my damn car so I can move on with my life" customer.
5	In and out in 10 mins. Super friendly service. Awesome. I had a couple of issues with my car before going in and the guy was super honest and gave me pointers to get it all fixed for cheap beforehand and my car passed! You don't meet a lot of truly honest people when it comes to spending money on your car..will be back next year! A+++++++
5	What a pleasure to have my first NC inspection here!  I was helped promptly, not overcharged for the brake light bulb I needed, and I got to watch HGTV while I waited.
5	AMAZING! Literally 6 minutes and my car was inspected and I was out the door. I heard this place was fast but I didn't know it was possible to be in and out of an auto facility in less than 10 minutes. Fast, efficient, and friendly employees too! Would definitely recommend, especially if you hate dealing with car maintenance, because it's quick and painless here!
4	What can you say about getting your car inspected except that when you have to get it done you just hope that it's fast and painless. Well, thanks to South End Auto Inspections it was fast. A little pat on my back for the painless part (my car passed with no issues). Yep, I was in and out in 10 minutes. Quick, friendly service!
5	This place is such an interesting idea, because it specializes in state auto inspections.  I usually associate anything with the government or DMV as a huge pain is the @$$, but this was extremely fast and easy.We pulled up, they grabbed our keys, and 10-12 mins later the car was inspected and we were on our way.  You do not even have to make an appointment.  There is no doubt that I will go back here for my next inspection.
5	Great service. Always fast and courteous.
