5	I live on Sunrise Mnt and JT Nails was recommended to me by a good friend.  I normally can go a month in between fills and it has been really hard to find someone that does a good job.  I went on a Sunday and had the owners husband do my nails.  I LOVE THEM....  he took his time... I WILL BE A RETURNING CUSTOMER THERE.  i don't care how far i have to drive if i like the out come of my nails then it is worth the drive..
5	My cousin lives in Vegas so while I was visiting her we came to get pedis. She visits here often & raved about the crazy nail art they do. I usually stick with french tips but decided to let them go nuts. And boy did they! I had pink, black, green, white, yellow, etc. all over the place on my toes but they looked exquisite. I couldn't believe the art they did & HATED when they started to chip about 3 weeks later.  I plan on visiting more often (I'm in CA) just so I can keep up the pedis. The best part was the price. For $40 I got a long pedicure AND the art, which took a long time. Fantastic place!
5	I was going to a different nail place for months because it was cheap, my nails were always okay but never perfect so I decided to find a new place, I came here and met teddy and not only was it still cheap but my nails are perfect! I've never been so happy with a nail place I even got my toes done, which I usually do my self! I highly recommend teddy to any one looking for a decent priced nail place with excellent service!!!
5	Just moved here and had gone to many nail salons.... Thanks to yelp and everyones positive reveiws on jt nails I can now say that the search has ended and happy to say , I LOVE LOVE LOVE my nails! Tia and Jackie do a great job on my nails they look natural and well shaped and last me 3 weeks before I need a fill. Everyone is real nice and the place is real clean . So 5 stars to you!!!
5	After visiting this salon 3 times i finally decided to write a review. They are so friendly and they listen to what and how you want your nails. I've had 3 different techs doing my nails so far and i like the way each of them have done it. What made me go to this salon after doing a slight research is seeing that they had 5 stars on all other reviews on the internet. So far, this is my go to nail salon from now on. Oh, I've had acrylics with gel polish and they looked and lasted for 3&1/2 weeks (so awesome for the $$) and i also have had white french tips with free-hand nail designs done.
4	We came in at the end of the day on a thanksgiving weekend trip to visit family. There was four of us.. 2 manicures, 1 gel manicure, and 3 pedicures total. We were all very happy with the service. They got us out of there pretty fast! There were 2 guys and 2 ladies working, I was very surprised that there were no other clients at the time.Tia did my pedicure and it turned out great! She really cleaned up my toes, they were long overdue.We will definitely be coming back when we're in town.
5	I have been going here for about 8 months now and I couldn't be any happier at any other nail salon. Everyone working here is very experienced and they know what their doing. Every single time I get my nails done I get nothing but compliments from everyone. They are incredible and not too pricey! :)
5	I love my nail and I trusted my fellow yelpers with this one. I must say I have had some bad experiences with nail salons in Vegas. So I was reluctant to get acrylic. Jackie was very nice, quick and did a wonderful job. Trust your fellow helpers :)
5	Thank you fellow Yelpers!  I trusted you, and you didn't let me down.  My regular "nail gal" that I had gone to for over two years left for CA...and I have been trying and trying to find another place.  Well, I've found it.  I needed a new set, got an appointment with Jackie, and am SO happy with the results!  I have gotten so many compliments on my nails.  JT Nails - you are awesome!
4	Thank you SO much to my fellow Yelpers! I had been going to another salon for a year and it had been steadily getting more and more disappointing. So, I went on a mission to find another salon and HOORAY! What a find!I walked in late on a Saturday morning and waited maybe 10 minutes before I was seated. There were plenty of polish colors to choose from and a bunch of nail art options. Jackie, the owner, ended up doing my fill. He asked me at the beginning whether I liked them thick/thin, rounded/square, etc. I told him my preferences and happened to mention that I liked them to be wider than they were and he magically built my nails up into a flare, which I've always wanted, but never gotten. So happy! I'm definitely going to try some nail art to snazz things up next time. The prices are great ($20 full set, $15 fill, nail art is like $10 for 10 nails, etc.). The other customers all seemed like regulars, which made the atmosphere really nice. Everyone is chatty, the customers talked to each other and the mood was light. It was a fun way to spend an hour!Will absolutely be going back!
5	J.t nails is amazing! Jackie and Tia are wonderful and all of their employees are friendly and do a great job. I've never gone in and received anything less than flawless service.    I hunted around Las Vegas and Henderson to find a good nail salon and was thrilled to find this one. For a while I was driving from Summerlin to get my nails done here, I live much closer now :-)
5	Thank you, thank you, fellow Yelpers, for reviewing JT Nails. I moved to Henderson two days ago, and noticed there's a nail salon in every strip mall - literally, a salon every block. Since I clearly had my choice of where to go, I turned to Yelp, saw the consistent 5 stars for JT Nails, and went there. Also thanks to Yelp, I asked for Jacki, who was indeed working today. (As he does every day - he works 7 days a week.) I am extremely conservative when it comes to nails, and just learned about gel nails last week. What I was most afraid of with gels was that it would look thick on the nail, as well as fake and tacky. I decided to just go for a regular polish mani/pedi, and see how I liked the place. However, after a few minutes in the massage chair for my pedi, I decided to be brave and go for gel toenails. Loved them! When it came time for the mani, I decided to go for gel fingernails too. Jacki gave my nails (which are short) the perfect shape, and in no way is the clear gel coat I got too thick. My nails have never looked so beautiful. The only thing left is to see how they hold up. The price was a fabulous $50 for both mani/pedi gels. I will be back! (I mentioned to Jacki that I read about his salon on Yelp, and he didn't seem to even be aware that people are rating his salon.)
5	Great people, very friendly! Service was great. Prices were average, $5 cheaper if you pay with cash.
5	After reading all of the positive reviews on Yelp, I decided to try out J.T Nails. I did a full set and a pedicure with Jackie and let me tell you, it was the best pedicure Ive ever had!! Hot towels, foot scraped, Leg massage included. My nails look amazing as well. As soon as I sat down to do my nails, Jackie asked me how I liked my nails as far as thickness and shape goes and he did them exactly how I like them. He had me look at my nails as he did them to make sure they were the right length and shape. And even said: If you're happy, I'm happy.Also, the tools that were used were all sanitized and the tubs disinfected after each use, which was a major plus!!! I also recieved a $10 discount on the full set and pedicure for paying in cash. Both were done for only $40!!!! I will definitely be going back!!!
5	We have a winner! The reviews on this place are as legit as it gets.A gentleman did my gel Mani and Pedi on mother's day. It's JUNE and my toes STILL look freshly done, of course the nails on my hands are grown out but the gel is still in tact with no chipping/cracking. I am one satisfied Yelper. Time to get another appointment! :)
2	Went here for a mani-pedi combo w/the mani being gel polish. I accidentally w/o even noticing, messed up my big toe walking a short distance frm the foot spa to mani table. The guy said he can fix the polish on my big toe, no problem. So after my gel mani was completed, he decided to say it's going to be $5 to polish over my flaw. I said, okay...Afterwards I tipped, I paid out. Left. Then looked over my big toe to realize that the re-polish was ugly as hell. U would think if he charge $5 just for a 5sec polish, he would remove all the polish that was previously/accidentally messed up inside the premise...Or even waived the fee! He repaired it over n it left an ugly bumpy layer. I was so OCD that I went to Sally's n bought similar color polish. And re-did my big toe myself n the other opposite big toe too in order for the color to at least look decent w/the rest! I guess some people rather make those extra bucks than care for the loyalty of customers which is why I'm giving them 2 stars.
5	Thank you SO much for always making me look and feel good
3	Despite the excellent reviews about the mani/pedi's, this shops eyebrow waxing is only "alright". It's not the worst I've had, but certainly not the best. Room was sorta dirty too. Maybe I should just get a mani/pedi next time. Lol. 3/5 stars.
5	I LOVE this place. I have gone to so many nail places in Vegas and they were either bad or super expensive. They do such an Amazing job here. A lot of places don't do what I ask because it gets lost in translation, but not here. They help with suggestions and always do it the way that I ask. I have always had fun conversations with  all of the people there. I do the 3D nail art and they do a fantastic job. They have me hooked here!
5	Finally found the nail salon I've been looking for, for so many years. Jackie is awesome and extremely meticulous. I've never had such a thorough gel mani and relaxing pedi. Girls this is the place to go!!
5	First pedicure and full set experience in Las Vegas. They did an amazing job on my toes and fingers! Definitely coming back for more.
5	So I've been going here for 6 months now and thought I'd update!Not once have my nails been less than amazing. Six months of pink & whites and I've never had one lift. The attention to detail paid is incredible. I tend to be a walk-in kinda girl, but it's extremely rare that I wait more than 5 minutes, which is a scheduling feat rivaled by few. My favorite part? Everyone treats you like a regular after a couple visits. I'm greeted, by name, when I walk in the door. How cool is that?Barring Jackie and Tia leaving, there isn't a reason in the world I'd go anywhere else!
5	I'm from out of town & they were great! I was in a chair right away on a Saturday morning, and finished with my sparkly pedicure in 40 minutes. I recommend!
4	First pedicure and full set experience in Las Vegas. They did an amazing job on my toes and fingers. After going somewhere else I felt JT nails needed an evaluation again. If there were 3.5 stars I would give it that, but I'm rounding up. Don't get me wrong, the place was clean, which is always a plus, the employees were friendly, but as soon as they saw I was paying with card, my total amount went up $5. The woman explained and I couldn't really understand, and I didn't have enough cash, so I didn't do anything. I was in a hurry, otherwise I would have definitely questioned that. i understand charging maybe $1 for a card payment, but $5? Her demeanor changed as well while I was paying. After going somewhere else that was up to par, less expensive, and closer to home, I'm not sure if I'll be coming back.
4	They did a nice job although it took longer than I would like.
2	The place is clean and they did an ok job with the pedicure. I was expecting atleast a 5 minute foot massage if not more but the person doing my pedicure spent less than a minute massaging each foot.
5	I love this place. I didn't want to name him because he's already always busy and I've had a hard time getting an appointment with him ;) But I felt that Jacqui does such a great job that he deserves the recognition. I went to this place based on the reviews on yelp and they did not disappoint. Now I recommend him to anyone.
5	Jackie is so GREAT! And he's funny too :)
5	Today was my 2nd visit. It was another great service. 2 weeks ago had a pedicure and acrylics done. The pedicure has held up so well I didn't need to get it done today. Had my acrylics filled and messed up the nails as I was going to pay. My technician insisted on redoing the messed up nails, 3 in total, and didn't charge me a cent more.The price was $20, I had a design put on my index fingernails, and I used my card. I asked her to tip herself $10 and she split the $10, 5 on the total and 5 for tip.  Not sure why she did that but either way it worked out to what I wanted to pay.I have absolutely found my new nail salon and will be going back in 2 weeks for a pedicure and a fill. Happy happy!!
1	It's only getting one star because I like the coral color, which I chose. They were completely RUDE and didn't listen about what I wanted my nails to look like. So simple, coral with a gold glitter fade. Which ended up being half my nail in gold glitter gel, no gradient, no actual "fade". Then they charged me $95, five dollars extra for an extra coat of glitter gel polish half way down my nail. I pulled my phone out and showed them what a fade on gel manicure is supposed to look like, she finally agreed to take it off. The owner gave me an attitude and was rude when I asked her how long a 3D flower lasts. She rolled her eyes, half laughed at me, annoyed and said "it lasts a long time." in a condescending tone. Mind you, I've never tried 3d ANYTHING before and was excited to try it. I should have left right there. She didn't use the right kind of flower, my toes have Hawaiian flowers and my hands have ugly white roses. Wt.... If I didn't have a Bootcamp class I would have made them do it over or refused to pay $100 for such ugly nails. Which took almost 3 hours!!!! I get angry thinking about it. And looking down at my nails. Everyone keeps saying how much I got ripped off. Robbed and nothing pretty to show for it. Thanks for the suggestion on this one yelp, I don't know how these reviews can be so high, every employee was just so rude. I wish more nail salons would care about their customer service and their attitudes towards people paying them money for services.
4	I'm simple, I just need good work! I want to leave looking better than when I came in. I ALWAYS look better when I leave this place!!! The owners/ operators are so knowledgable about doing nails and general nail health. It is always very clean and hygienic, so I never worry about contamination or fungi. It is a convenient location for me, directly off 215 (eastern). And last but not least they pay attention to detail and aren't scared to really cut cuticles and buff heels!I am really into my nails, and being from the east coast it is hard to find a nail spot with GOOD techs, QUALITY colors, REAL hand painted designs (not that 3 dot flower non-sense) and a place where it doesn't take all day to get a full set! THIS IS IT! Jackie gets busy quick so make an appt if you don't want to wait at all. This is a popular local and they have a lot of regulars so beware of Saturday! There have been a lot of mention in other reviews about attitude... I am not a passive aggressive or condescending person so I have never had a problem here. I'm not looking for a friend, or convo while I'm getting a service. I want the focus to be the job at hand; they do that here.  Love this place!
4	This is my new favorite nail salon. There's a great selection of gel colors, awesome 3D & hand painted designs, a clean, sanitized shop and wonderful customer service.Jackie is the best for pedicures and I only see Tia for my gel manicure. Tia has never charged me extra for adding glitter on my toes or on top of my gel nails. She lets me experiment with designs and colors and if I don't like the way it turns out, she has no problem re-doing it for me. She'll add on an extra basecoat of gel for me because she knows my nails are weak. She takes the time to understand how I want my nails done and is just a pleasure to talk to while she's giving me my manicure.I also appreciate how all the technicians aren't always shouting in a foreign language. I have never felt degraded or felt like anyone there was condescending towards me.  The prices might be a little higher in some aspects but I have no problem paying their prices for the quality of service I receive. My gel nails and regular painted toes last 3 weeks, consistently. I'm a happy customer :)
2	I went to this nail salon on Sat 5/18/13 during my visit to Vegas. I'm kinda disappointed in the service I received. Don't get me wrong. The staff was friendly.   The person who did my pedicure was ok. She was more dormant than anything. I didn't get what I thought I would receive from a pedicure. I guess I'm use to creativity for paying $30 for a pedicure and a tip.The samples they provided were outdated and boring. Overall the experience wasn't my worst but definitely not in my top ten. I'm normally all about second chances but I'm gonna have to override that rule of thumb for this situation.
4	So this review is a month overdue but just as well - the gel pedi that I got still looks great!  Just like it did the day I got it!  This salon was nice and clean, not very crowded the day I walked in on a very hot Vegas Saturday afternoon so it was perfect!  If you are in Vegas and in need of a quality place for a mani/pedi, I highly recommend this spot!
2	I've been going to this place regularly for years, whenever I visit my parents in Vegas.  But, I think its time to find another salon.  For starters, I walked in and there are two male employees sitting there watching TV, and listening to their ipod - clearly not professional -- while the women are working.  And, then they tried to charge me an extra $5 to scrub my heals -- standard pedicure service - ridiculous.  Vegas has TONS of nail salons and a suffering economy - you'd think these salons would up their standards of professionalism and service, but JT  Nails clearly hasn't gotten the memo yet.
2	I'm a bit uneasy writing this review as the staff was nice enough, but my experience just wasn't spectacular. I came in without an appointment for a pedicure (french) and acrylic set. The pedicure was OK but not exactly relaxing, as the woman had to beat my calves to get out tension. Afterwards I had my acrylics done while my toes dried. After an hour of getting my nails done I slipped my shoes back on. When I got home and took of my shoes I noticed my toes had been smudged because they'd not dried after sitting out for an hour. Of course, I should have worn flip-flops that day but it was still hard for me to believe that my toes had not dried in that amount of time. Later that night my fingers began to hurt, making it difficult to touch anything. It took about three or four days afterward for the pain to finally subside. I hadn't worn acrylics in a while before then but I've never experienced pain like that. I spoke with some friends who often get their nails done and even they thought it was weird. Overall, the staff was friendly but for the pain and hassle I don't see myself going back anytime soon.
5	This is the only place I prefer to go to when I get my nails done. Been coming here for about two years now. I went somewhere else once for a pedicure, but they did not even come close to this place. (see review for A+ plus nails). JT nails offers  waxing services as well, but I go somewhere else for hair removal. I always book an appointment with Jackie because his schedule is always full. There have only been a handful of times where he was free to have me come in at the last minute. He does an amazing job. Whether it be my intricate flower designs, my gel manicure or just a simple French tip pedicure. He is thorough and always has a sense of pride in his work. As I am watching him do his painting thing, he makes sure I am happy and always asks if everything looks good. Plus the leg massages he gives during pedicures are amazing. I never feel like Jackie is rushing, even though they can get busy at times. Whenever someone remembers your name and can remember the last conversation you left off with, it's always a good sign. Thank you Jackie for always doing an amazing job!P.S. people remember how much you tip. So if you take care of your nail person, he will take better care of you.
4	I really wish this place had better ventilation...I mean I understand it is a nail salon but I don't like to feel like I'm going to pass out when I walk in the door.Came to get a mani pedi here cause it was close to my sister's house and I my nails were starting to chip. They had a decent number of nail polish color selection and the service was pretty good. It's $15 for a mani, $35 for a mani/pedi. I'm use to paying a little less. The extra $5 wasn't worth it here but they didn't do a bad job either.
5	Reviews are spot on! Since moving from CA have had nothing but disappointment... Thanks to Yelp I've found my new nail salon! Complete w/ perfect pink & whites, deluxe pedi, & ESPN Sports! :D
5	I've been going here for 2 years and it's my favorite nail salon in Las Vegas.  No matter which technician you get, you will walk out with perfect nails.  I've never had a bad fill, never been burned by the drill, and they play the food network on a TV so I have something to watch while getting my nails done.  My fill is $20 for pink & whites and $35 when I need a backfill.
5	I have been getting my nails done here for years now I all was come up with crazy ideas they all ways make me leave with a smile and it's all ways a great price  plus no broken nails or cracks ever I will never go anywhere else I love JT nails
5	Jackie is my go to Nail Tech.  I drive 20 mins just to get my nails done by him.  He does such an amazing job and he knows exactly how I like my nails done.  I've been going to him for over a year going on 2 years and he is by far the BEST nail tech I'v ever came in contact with.  I've been getting my nails done for 19 years now.  He truly takes pride in his work and I love feeling like I'm a VIP every time I walk in.  I suggest making an appointment ahead of time as his schedule can fill up fast.  Also, if you are wanting him to do nails and toes expect to be in the salon for 2 hours, its def worth it!!  Thank you Jackie See you in 2 weeks as ALWAYS !!!
4	I used to get my nails done with Tia and she's absolutely amazing! She no longer works there so now I get my mani pedis don't by Jackie! He always does exactly what I ask and I never have a problem with my gel polish chipping or peeling off. It's always so nice and relaxing!!! I would highly recommend going here! I also love mimi, she does my sisters mani pedis and is awesome!
1	I found Jackie n Tia there  V salon by the 99 cent store on eastern go there and say hi
5	Had the best pedi in Vegas at the best salon...by the best manicurist Jackie was the best and I was very sad he had left and i didnt know we're to found him I was so excited to see him i was coming out of In N Out and saw his is wonderful :-) walking towards me found out he was working at the  V salon now I can get my nails done properly
5	Mimi & Holly our fave ladies. Very thorough with manicure & pedicure. They care for your needs & never fail to amaze me. Thanks for an excellent job on us.
5	Holly is awesome! It was my first time there and all I had to do was show a picture of what I wanted and holly was able to recreate my full set. She exceeded my expectations and my nails are gorgeous! I have been getting compliments every time I go out. I have been wanting a certain nail design that my other nail salon that I had been going to for 5 years was never able to do. As soon as I showed it to Holly she knew exactly what to do. I left my nail salon of 5 years to try out JT nails and it was the best decision I have made.
5	Mimi my nail tech! Bubbly, friendly, careful and my favorite lady. I love the fact that they cater to your needs even when they are busy. Holly's my Sister's nail tech and she's awesome too. Not forgetting Justin. Justin is very thorough with his work on gels. Thanks for being awesome. Will be coming by soon!
2	I havent been able to find a good nail shop since i moves here a year ago and this place is amongst the worst i've been to (im speaking on the actual quality of work). Im not even done getting my feet done right now..the water was cold, the girl doing the service hands are like ice cubes, i got a half has light pressured rub (my one year old probably could have rubbed my feet better). I was going to get a full set but just 5 minutes in i knew i would never be back here. I am down right dissatisfied...if im paying for something shit better be done to specification. This place blows hands down
