4	i've lived in vegas for almost a year and a half and i'm always feenin for some food from back home. so i was surprised when i found out there's a molcasalsa here. i was thinking "nah...it can't be the same molcasalsa in fullerton with superfries". so i made the long trek from henderson to almost-north las vegas. and they had superfries (a.k.a. carne asada fries)...i didn't order anything else...but they had plenty other items i didn't see on the menu in fullerton.
5	5 stars are for their breakfast burrito. Only $2-3 bucks, and I'll usually get them through the drive thru. It is greasy and cheesy with ham sometimes bacon.  They may use 3 eggs, not too sure.  You will be stuffed after this burrito--I usually have to share with a co-worker.  I come here just for the breakfast burrito but too bad they stop serving it after 10 or maybe it's 11.  It makes me feel greasy-maybe not the best way to start a day but a great way to fill a craving.
4	oh yum. My bf has been wanting good mexican food. So i saw this on yelp and decided to try it. I ordered two beef tacos and he order two beef burritos. The taco's were big and sooo yummy. And the rice. Some places you can tell it's been under a heat lamp for al ong time. But this rice was good. I'm not a bean eater but the bf says it was good. This is real good mexican food.  :)
4	I'm a frequent customer of Roberto's but this place is just as good if not better.  I ordered Chili Relleno and Chicken Enchilada.  The sauce was darker and less greasy than Roberto's.  I love spicy food and the Chili Relleno was spicier than the ones I've had.  Chicken was chunky instead of shredded. Rice and beans were very tasty.
4	I love their fish. Its yummy! Churros was good too.
5	Ever since I moved to Las Vegas from California in 2004, I've been looking for Mexican food restaurants that remind me of home. Even though it has always been against my best judgement, I had to settle for the inferior Roberto's. Settle no more. I work at a school up the street from Molcasalsa and surprisingly I never ventured in until yesterday. I ordered a carne asada burrito and 3 rolled tacos with guacamole. While I waited for my order, I filled up ramekins with molcajete, red, and green salsas. My order arrived after a few minutes and I started with the burrito. The beef was tender, the pico de gallo bright and fresh, and the guacamole was silky smooth. I loved the taquitos, too, covered in creamy guacamole and cheese.What surprised me was the restaurant's namesake, the molcajete salsa, was my least favorite part of the meal. However, both the red and green salsas make up for it in the taste and spiciness categories. I'm giving this restaurant 5 stars because the food is great, and great Mexican food is rare in Las Vegas.
4	After having spent a few years in SoCal, I got very used to little hole in the wall Mexican places.  They don't look like much, but do they ever have it where it counts when it comes to food.I've eaten a fair share of Roberto's over here, but that's the biggest (only?) 'Bertos in town.  Sometimes, you need a change, and that's where Molcasalsa comes in.This is good, whether you've had a few side libations, or are in need of a late night snack.Everything is fresh and excellent.  The portions are plentiful.  The sides well compliment the numerous main entree options, the staff is super friendly, and the prices are great.  Everything I'll ever need from a hole in the wall taco shack.  I've been here a few times, and tried a few of their options, and nothing has disappointed.  And the service is always incredibly nice.That said, don't be surprised if you pass by this place a few times.  It has a very unassuming sign and dark lighting from the street, and I've had to do some weird navigating to get there at times, even knowing where the place was.  So if you miss, it, just do a U-Turn.  It's at the forefront of that shopping center place.But make no mistake.  This is good, cheap Mexican food, and it's great either dine in or take out.It's nice to have some alternatives, and this fits the bill for that.
5	Plain and simple..Nothing like good hole-in-the wall food. And I would have to say this place is the best. I love what I ate there. I had the carne asada tacos but could have eaten just about everything else.The meat was prepared so well and the tortilla was just right..not so thin that it breaks but not fried hard.  Great rice and beans too.Ina  parking lot by itself in a not great part of town,but who cares, just go eat!
5	The best burrito I have had in Las Vegas! I had the Breakfast Burrito for under $3.00. That's cheaper than a Happy Meal! I will definitely be a regular here.
