4	Oh thank my hungry belly that something great finally took the place of this very large (and very empty space) in Uptown! Molly MacPherson's opened on July 1 in the old location of Daddy O's. The space is a great Scottish bar and pub - it's nicely put together and offers its patrons gold 'ole Scottish flair and plenty of TVs to catch a game. Hubs and I sat at the bar and grabbed a few drinks and appetizers to satiate us before our dinner next door. Ryan, our bartender, was just the nicest guy, introducing himself with a handshake and asking our names as we sat down for some feeding. All the servers that night were very, very friendly and really interested in talking to us about the new digs. Oh - and they all sport kilts. Sweet! Hubs and I contemplated the menu, which is filled with an incredible offering of different scotches, beers and a few different wine options. Hubs tried a few different beers and was happy he trusted Ryan with his choices. I, not the big scotch or beer drinker, went with a glass of Sauvignon Blanc and was quite happy with it. I haven't eaten that much Scottish food in my life, so I relied on Ryan, our trusty bartender, for recommendations. We ordered the Scottish Platter and the Potato Scones. The Scottish Platter came with a handful of Guinness Fried Onion Rings, a small Meat Pie and a Scottish Egg. I wasn't thrilled with the onion rings, I thought they could have used a bit more crunch, but the meat pie and Scottish egg blew me away. If you're like me and have never indulged in either of these tasty little morsels, try them! The Meat Pie was delicate but, of course, meaty, nestled in its little pastry. The Scottish Egg - a hard boiled egg wrapped in the tiniest bit of sausage and fried was so delicious. It's definitely not something I want to consume a ton of, but it was great nonetheless. The Potato Scones were good as well, a lightly fried potato cake with raspberry preserves. As Ryan commented, it tastes a little bit like dessert. The potato cake was a nice consistency and I'm a fan of the sweet/salty combo. Both the scones and plattter were priced fairly, $5 and $8 respectively. I hope Molly MacPherson's does well in this great Uptown location - it will be provide a nice alternative to the Irish Ri Ra (which I also enjoy)!
4	I'm a big scotch fan, and if you are too, then this is the place for you. Great selection of single malts as well as blends if that's your taste preference (mine). Had appetizers and Scottish ale beer on my recent visit, and sat at the bar. The menu looked interesting and I'll be back to try more of it.
3	We had a team outing here. Plenty of room in the upper level for 30-40 people plus tv's, dart boards, and a foosball table. The old world decor helps to set the atmosphere, and I spotted a fireplace on the second level. The server we had was fantastic, and given the size of the group, she kept us well hydrated. The draft selection was decent, but it is the selection of Scottish beers that you will want to indulge in. I believe they have nine on the menu, and if your group is big enough, just go for a tasting of them all. If not, try the Harviestoun Bitter &Twisted.  It was one of the lighter tasting beer. We did not have any of the dinner entrees, but I believe we had just about every appetizer. If you are looking for basic bar munchies, the cheese sticks and chicken tenders were fantastic. The Scottish eggs were the first to go, and come highly recommended. The space is large, and could use a bit more ambiance and warmth though. All and all, a solid first experience.
4	A Hybrid of a Hickory Tavern and a Scottish Pub.  A great beer selection.  If you like IPAs a highly recommend the "Bitter and Twisted".  It is a magic hoppy beer without the high alcohol content (4.2%).
4	A great new addition to uptown.  Ryan, the general manager & bartender, makes it a point to learn your name as soon as you sit down at the bar.  They have a varied selection of craft beers as well as some obscure Scottish brews that i've never seen available in a restaurant before.  The food is also wonderful.  The shepherds pie is outstanding (and might be better than RiRa's, just don't tell them!).  They also show rugby, british football and american football on the numerous tellies. They have really done a lot with the space, I love the little sitting area on the second level.  And then there is the gigantic wall of whiskey...On Wednesdays they have the Celtic Trader Ceilidh band playing.  They have a hurdy gurdy player, which in itself is pretty awesome and they have live bands on Saturdays.
4	So I stopped here for a for a minute with my Wife and we were pleasantly surprised.  The beer list was extensive!  Your best bet is to talk to the bartender, Richard, and let him steer you in the right direction.  He was so helpful and knowledgeable.  We had about three different Scottish ales and enjoyed each and every one.  We didn't get a chance to try the food, but I've heard that it is amazing.  When we I get a chance, I will update this review to reflect the food.  Give Molly's a try.  PS.  Huge TV screens for NFL and other sports!!-Ian M.
5	We went to Molly's for a birthday dinner and to experience some of the 70 different single malt scotch selections they have on hand expecting to stay for an hour or two and ended up staying for several hours.  We enjoyed the Fish and Chips, Scottish eggs, Guinness onion rings and yes, even a rib eye.  All were very good and the wait staff were excellent.  I joined the Scotch Club so I can keep track of all the single malts that I've tasted.  I would highly recommend stopping in and having a pint or two and sampling the scotch.
3	The service at Molly MacPherson's is absolutely its best feature. We went on a Friday night for dinner and drinks with some friends and didn't wait long for drinks and out server was very friendly and helpful. The beer selection is great, but, the food was average at best. I had the shepherd's pie. It was a 6 at best. Carrots weren't cooked enough and the gravy was too sweet. The bf got "Molly's Favorite", a turkey sandwich on toasted bread with apple slices, and noted "If this is Molly's favorite, I'd hate to see what ISN'T her favorite..." Our friends got the crabcakes, said they were pretty good, and the Reuben, which went over pretty well. They have good drink specials and all the girls wear little kilts, which is fun, but the food is just average. Probably better as a late night option than Friday night dinner...
4	I recently visited Molly MacPherson's for dinner on a Sunday night. My friend and I were literally the only customers in the restaurant. I found the food to be excellent but the timing of when the dishes were brought to the table was a disaster. Unfortunately, we waited a while to get our appetizers. I would guess about 15-20 minutes which was confusing as we were the only people there. 2-3 minutes later our entrees were brought out. What a total disappointment. We were faced with the decision - which dish do we let go cold? Additionally, we both ordered burgers but different toppings on each (i.e. lettuce, tomato, onion, etc.). Neither of the burgers were brought out with the correct garnishes. Now that being said, I did find the taste of the food to be outstanding. I would actually go so far as to say that Molly's has the best burgers in Charlotte, even better than Big Daddy's. The appetizers were equally as good. The onion rings are dipped in a beer batter and served with a unique, tasty side sauce. The spinach dip was flavorful and served with pieces of pita bread as opposed to the traditional tortilla chips.  I would order both again in a heartbeat.I would definitely recommend this restaurant for dinner, and can only hope that the delivery of our food is given more thoughtful consideration next time.
3	Stopped here for a quick beer.  Ended up having some of the Guinness battered onion rings, which were good.  It was a little dead, but it was still early after work, but the barkeep was nice and the service was prompt.I'll probably come back, the bar theme is nice.  I still remember when this place used to be another business, but the new owner really did it up big.
3	I love Sam B's description of this place as a hybrid of Hickory Tavern and a Scottish pub---totally agree! The space here is huge and I'm happy something finally moved into here after being vacant after Daddy's went bye bye. I normally don't like to go to a Scottish or Irish bar if I'm not going to enjoy an adult beverage but stopped here for lunch today to see what it's all about.  Love the mustard colored walls and how they set up the bar area to look authentic. You can sit wherever you want during lunch time and at the booth they had butt pads to keep your tush comfy--who doesn't like that?I got the Molly's Favorite. The sandwich was good, I think. It was different. The cheddar, green apple and maple butter was the trio that sold me on getting it but the flavor didn't jive as well as I thought it would. I think it would be good without the maple butter since I found it to be too savory for my taste. However, the potato chips? I could have had a plate of those and been happy. They had an amazing seasoning on them (which I am now on a mission to find out what it is!) and very fresh. They have two BOGO coupon's in the Citipass book this year and could see it being a great spot to hang or dine if you're Uptown but wouldn't make a trip solely just to go there. A good experience but think I will check it out to drink next time.
4	I stopped in here with a friend of mine who lives just a couple floors above. There was a pretty good variety of scotch to choose from (varying by name and year). There was live music, which added to the surroundings and the staff were very friendly.The only thing I didn't like was the fact all of the girls wear short plaid skirts (instead of kilts); its somewhat gimmicky and makes the place lose a little of its class.
4	I ventured into Molly MacPherson's on a Monday evening.  It was a snow day and they were closing early so there weren't too many people there.  My companions and I had a good time relaxing a having a few beers.  They have a solid selection of brews, including local NC options.  The service was also great - very helpful and unobtrusive.  My favorite part was the cozy gas fireplaces.  They have quite a few tables and eating areas, a large bar, and a section with a living room atmosphere - chairs and couches - next to a fireplace.  Very comfortable.
4	Best description- cozy pub with great comfort food and nice bartenders. We stopped in for a late lunch on a cold, wintry day. The bar was extremely comfortable and suprisingly large inside with nice decor. The bartender was great with recommendations and service. She recommended the meat loaf and I must admit that I was skeptical. I typically do not order meat loaf because of the potential for a food and gravy disaster. Wow,  I was very impressed with the perfect, melt in your mouth meat loaf served with garlic mashed potatoes and steamed asparagus. Wash that down with $2 domestic and you are feeling pretty good. The burgers are great too with a deep smoky off the grill flavor and thick cut seasoned potato wedges. We will be back...
5	Just returned from a first visit; my dad and I just happened onto this pub while searching for Dandelion's across the street. Once inside Molly's, we forgot about our original destination until we were walking back to our car and stopped in for a to-go menu (Dandelions does looks inviting, and we do plan to try it soon).But back to Molly's. I won't recap previous reviewers' comments except to emphasize the friendliness of our waitress (despite our not ordering much beyond a couple beers), the bartender (an engaging and knowledgeable sort who took time to come out from behind the bar to respond to our various curiosities regarding Scottish drink), and the manager (who impressed us with her previous experience at the Molly's in Savannah). Also, we found the prices quite fair throughout the menu. We both ordered two Guinness pints apiece (despite Richard the bartender's suggested Scottish Dragonhead beer - hey, Guinness is always a priority on the first visit, basically a quick and dirty measure of bartender care and knowledge due to its relatively high maintenance requirements). They were excellent, earning an A on our subjective but highly refined (we wish) rating scale (A+ ratings are reserved for pints actually consumed in Ireland). I also ordered the Scotch Broth soup at the waitress' recommendation, and was most pleased. There's very little actual broth to be found in this hearty selection, as it has been absorbed by toothsome barley and perfectly tender chunks of beef.Except for the ubiquitous Uptown parking inconvenience ($12 for two hours in a nearby garage), it would be easy to add Molly's as a favorite local. But we'll be back to explore and enjoy more soon, nonetheless ... probably on a Wednesday or Thursday for discounted Guinness ($4/Imperial pint)!
4	I love this place...First off--you have to try some scotch while you're here. I recommend the blue flight--can't remember all that is in but it's the best in my opinion out of all the flights (yes I've tried them!)Also, you MUST order the brie. Sweet, creamy goodness that will make you want to kiss your waitress. Oh yes.And your burgers can be cooked to order, and are juicy (and sloppy, but I like that) and delicious. You can't go wrong with anything off their menu! There are two levels (and two bars), as well as lots of TV's and sometimes live music. There is a cozy little area with a fireplace that is perfect for sipping some scotch... and then upstairs they have dart boards upstairs as well as foosball if you want to get your blood movin' in between sips of beer or scotch.
5	Was in Charlotte for a conference.  Found MacPherson's while looking for dinner one night.  The bar is nice, friendly bartenders and a good scotch and beer selection.  Irish Meatloaf is quite good.  I found the prices to be very reasonable and the place comfortable and without overwhelmingly loud music playing (unlike many other places in Charlotte).
1	Would love to truly review but was never served. We sat at our table for 15 minutes during a slow lunch rush. The hostess who greeted us got up from texting at the bar and rattled off three people who may serve us. The waiter(s) never came. They also never came to the tables in our area either. Sad I really was in the mood for chicken pot pie. I probably won't give it another chance because as we walked out the hostess said have a good day as if we had eaten!!
3	I went here 2-3 times before. The food is nice, simple but flavourful and tasty. However my last time ruined it. I would give it a 1 for the service, and a 3.5 - 4 for the food.I am hoping it was one waitress with an attitude problem and an ugly face, but she ruined the establishment, for me.
4	Holy @#$^!!!!  This place has a Scotch egg!  I'm so easy to please that a simple boiled egg wrapped in a thin layer of sausage, then fried, was enough to draw me in to this place.  I've been 3 times now and will break down my review by visits to give you, the reader, the best reading experience possible.  Round 1, in which I eat the famed Scotch egg:  It was pretty impressive to see the managing partner behind the bar slinging beers and laying down some knowledge upon the people.  There was a band playing some traditional Irish music, which one could find ironic, considering that this is a Scottish-themed bar.  I just figure that the Scots and the Irish have the common bond of hating the English, so it works.  I noticed during Round 1 that the beer selection is epic and made a mental note to come back for a Round 2.  Have I mentioned the Scotch egg?  Round 2, in which I follow up on my mental note and introduce the lady to good beer:  After eating a delicious meal at Dandelion Market (see review of DM) it was decided that we should have a digestif  of sorts and stop by MM's for a beer.  Well...Ginny wanted to have a martini, but Ryan the bartender straightened her out after just one of those.  I gave Ryan free reign to put down any beer he chose and had a marvelous evening of Scottish beers.  It was while enjoying this selection of Scottish marvels that I noticed the offering of Scotch flights and made Mental Note #2 to come back for this.  Round 3, in which Ginny continues her new obsession with Scotch and we find out that meatloaf CAN taste good:  A group of us decided to head out for some food after a little happy hour fun at Valhalla.  I had the roast chicken with mashed turnips.  I cannot put into words how good those turnips were.  I love turnips and have eaten neeps at other English/Irish/Scottish restaurants both in the States and in the UK and can say that these have been my favorite.  Ginny had meatloaf.  I know that it sounds boring, but it was so much better than any meatloaf you've ever dreamed of.  But you've never dreamed of meatloaf, right?  Or if you have it was more of a nightmare about a sweaty guy singing about lovin' in a car.  If you HAVE dreamed about meatloaf, this meatloaf is better than any other that you've dreamed of.  You can't take this restaurant in simply in one visit.  You must make mental notes and come back for more.  You must try one of their several Scotch flights which represent the various regions in which the whiskey (or whisky for you Scotch purists) is distilled.  And eat the scotch egg, for the love!  It doesn't roll off the tongue like "eat a peach," but it tastes damn good while you're eating it.
3	Molly MacPherson's I feel bad for you.  You opened in the black hole of Charlotte.  Since I moved here six or so years ago, I believe there have been at least four to five different bars in this exact space.  All opening with big hype and then just...disappearing.  Well, I hope you have some better karma than the previous establishments.  Note, I did not eat here so this review is based on a visit one rainy Friday night.Atmosphere - Scottish, long bar, empty, friendly, spacious, DJ, bottles of Scotch...lots of them, dude in a kilt?Food/Drink - The mixed drinks I had were made nicely.Price - $6 for a mixed drink...not bad for UptownOverall - The service here is decent and the drinks are priced competitively.  If you are a Scotch drinker, this is your place.  They have more varieties of Scotch than I knew even existed.  If you are a SERIOUS Scotch drinker and can complete a sampling of all their various types on hand you receive a t-shirt.  They even keep a binder to track your progress.  Me, I just hope they stay around in this spot...and I am sure most will say 'I'll drink to that".
2	Just your average, run-of-the-mill bar. The staff are friendly. On the plus side, they have a good beer and scotch selection. On the minus side, the scotch pours are very tiny.
4	New to the area stopped in and sat at the bar for a bite and a beer. Nice drink specials all night. Cool ambiance and very friendly bartenders. I ordered the Molly's Favorite sandwich...tasty grilled Reuben-style sandwich.
4	We stopped in on a Saturday to grab a late lunch and a beer.  They have a nice beer selection and a good menu with a lot of yummy sounding options! I decided to have fish & chips which is served here with a small side salad.  Everything was delish!!   My dear daughter had the Shepherd's Pie and loved it.  Our server was friendly and efficient and helped us decide which ale was best suited for our preferences. This is a chain restaurant, but they did a nice job making it feel more like a neighborhood "mom & pop" pub.  I would definitely go back!
4	So sad to see this one gone. I went there a few times and I truly enjoyed it. The staff was great; they were fun and accurate and gave you good suggestions. Their food was ok at best but I was there for the alcohol for the most part.Nice selection of beers and other spirits. It always did seem rather empty no matter what time or day we went. I wonder if it was just a bad location. I have nothing negative to say about this place. It wasn't anything to write home about but it was a cool little hangout
4	we went to the Molly MacPherson's in Savannah years ago and were so excited to see we have a location in our new city of Charlotte!tried to go tonight and saw it was in a horrible location of uptown in a business building...otherwise it would be open and great!
