3	We saw the "open late" banners off the street and just stumbled. I have a penchant for late nights and Bf has a penchant for izakayas, This is in the same plaza as the TAM place. When I asked my bf, "Where, in relationship to TAM is it?" he answered "Its next to the Greek restaurant." You are retarded. Its between TAM and the Greek restaurant, in the crotch of the L-shaped building. We were the only ones in the restaurant the whole time, except for when another young couple came in to order take out, trying to move in on our territory. We felt like kings. We did the all-you-can-eat like true American swine. The AYCE, at $30 was a little overpriced. The menu items ranged from $3-8 and averaged maybe $6. So we calculated we had to order 10 items between the two of us. omg, cake walk. The dishes are small, izakaya style. My favorites: Salmon shioyaki - So perfectly cooked. It looked dry when she dropped it. But when we broke it open, it was perfectly moist on the inside. Nice and fatty. So tender and delicate on the inside with a slightly chewy outside. Yellowtail kama (collar) shioyaki - We kept forgetting to order this, but it finally dropped at the end of the meal. Dessert! Like the salmon shioyaki, it was perfectly tender and fatty. The meat was so yummy and complimented by an occasional blast of salt from the rub on the skin. Shishamo - Pregnant smelt. We ordered three orders of this (one order = three smelt). Pungent fish like saba (mackerel), pregnant with masago (smelt egg, get it?). Nimono (nishime) - Nimono literally means boiled things. Boiled veggies in a fish dashi. This is comfort food for me. Everything else we ordered: Sashimi - Small ahi, yellowtail, and salmon cuts (see pictures). Tempura Wafu yakiniku - Like teriyaki steak. Drenched. BBQ short ribs - Really tender and tasty, but the sauce seemed packaged. Saba shioyaki Unagi kabayaki - Too much eel sauce. This is a huge steak. I think I only like unagi in moderation. Shrimp karaage Kinpira gobo There were a lot of items we wanted to try but the mamasan hadn't ordered some ingredients yet. She told us this was the first night they were open late with the izakaya menu. We couldn't get the ozoni, senma tatsutaage, or mentaiko. We also got two tall Asahis and a cold sake. If you order a cold sake, you get a wine glass half full for $4.50. It you want a hot, there are two sizes. I felt like I was in someone's home. The mamasan took some time to chat with us. She's part Okinawan and gave us a little rundown on things. The food wasn't Okinawan, though. It was straight up Japanese comfort food. I've ate dinner at my high school friend's grandma's house hundreds of times and we ate the same things as at Kikuhana. Before tip, the tab was $82 for the two of us. * off the strip, non-casino
3	not too shabby.  i thought the sushi rice had too much vinegar in it.  apparently there's been a change in ownership in the past 2-3 months.  the sushi chef is from LA and pretty friendly if you talk to him.  the soft shell crab was was quite good.  sushi was a little small for what you pay.  about $30 for dinner.  if you get sick of ichiza then go here.  similar quality and faster service.
3	We come here periodically for lunch over the last 2.5 yrs.  Now, the menu has drastically changed.  It IS simpler but with much less choices.  I had the $9.95 sashimi lunch & my friend had the (you pick 3) tempura/teriyaki/california roll combo.  Both come with salad & miso soup.  It was ok.  I liked it before with so many options (bento box style) like fried oysters, tempura, different sushi rolls to come with your lunch....
