2	Holy Bunny McDougal's batman! Each time I go to this Teeter I feel like I am the only person who isn't old money, a wasp and  who doesn't go to the church across the street. That being said, if I do go I try to get in and out in a hurry, it's good if you need to drop in really quick to pick up a general supermarket item. But other than that.....no.
1	I realize this is Myers Park, but occasionally us hicks from the sticks MIGHT want a chicken that costs less than $16.  They should probably stock one.
4	Harris Teeters dominate Charlotte and provide good service, have added more organic selections, and are clean and well maintained.  It is known as being pricey, but if you shop carefully you can find good bargins and sales.  I do not use it for all my shopping needs since I like the variety offered in shopping different places which offer more local and lower processed foods like Trader Joes and farmers' markets.  The Myers Park store has been a little gem.  There has been a grocery store in this location for decades.  It used to be an A&P, now it's a H-T!  This location has friendly staff and well maintained.  What I love (have loved) about this particular H-T is that it is small.  You can get in and out fast without having to cover miles of isles.  They call it "Harris Teeter Express".  It feels like a neighborhood store, with a deli, meat counter and good selection of what you need.  It doesn't carry everything the larger stores do, but it has everything you need most days.  There are several larger H-T stores nearby if you are missing anything:  East Blvd, Cotswold, and the flagship Morrocroft across from Southpark.Sadly this store is going to be torn down soon and replaced with a larger store next to the current location ( where Myers Park Hardware used to be).  We'll see how I like it when it opens, but right now I am unhappy that I am loosing my "Teeny Teeter".  The new store frame is towering over the Providence/Providence - Queens/Queens intersection.  It really changes the character of the intersection.  Not that it has much to do with review of the store itself but the intersection traffic backs up even with two green lights.  The left lane is blocked by left turning cars, and the right lane blocked by cars turning right held back by no right turn.   It would have been nice if H-T had used the opportunity to improve the intersection and incorporated into the project a badly needed proper right turn lane.   Instead, it took the sliver of right turn lane away, foreshadowing worse backups at this high traffic intersection.
4	This is a really nice Harris Teeter. They have a large selection of wine and usually have a wine consultant that is available to help you if you do not know what is best. I still crack up every time I see the little kids with the mini kid size shopping carts!
5	Great job on the remodel, love that it has a starbucks and two levels. Everybody was SUPER nice and helpful... greeted by ALL workers there, even one that was on break. Parking lot is kinda sucky... spaces are close but it is a small plaza and at an awkward spot being on that weird corner. Way more selection than the old/smaller one that was there.
3	I am a dreamer, and while I was nervous about the expansion and traffic, I began to envision those wonderful selections in this convenient location...the cozy wine bar...I imagined a touch of Teeter, a bit of Earthfare and a dollop of WF. After all, the new building looked WOW and Myers Park? I pictured organic goods and a warm setting. Instead? This new HT would have been exciting 20 years ago. Now it's just a dated store with an annoying elevator. The ambiance is cold, starting with the cheesy fruit pictures outside. Dated and sad. This neighborhood needs a grocery store with local,organic produce, natural cleaning products like Method, and meat/seafood from small companies that take special care with the animals and the earth. Maybe the wine bar has potential in nice weather...outdoor tables...overlooking The Intersection of Many Crashes. But it might be nice out there. Wine, with small plates? I met a nice young women working there one day...knowledgeable and pleasant. Not everyone up there gives off a positive vibe. Well I hope Kroger might use WF and EF for planning...atmosphere/selection/ethics.
1	Gave this HT a try after the remodel.  My normal one is the East Blvd location.  Horrible produce selection.  More than one dairy/frozen item was close to expiring.  I picked up a frozen pizza about to expire in 2 days.  I would not have been a happy camper if I took it home and went to enjoy the Home Run Inn goodness a week later and found it was expired.  My purpose of the trip was to restock on Fage yogurt.  I couldn't buy many as they were expiring in 4 days.  I will stick to the East Blvd and Morrocroft locations.  Until Publix opens closer, then I'll give that a try.
4	Most Harris Teeter locations live up to their unnecessarily high prices with environments that are professional and inviting.  I love this location and usually pop in after a late night class at Queens University.  Everything is well put together and they've done a nice job with the modeling. I've never had an issue with anything I've purchased.  Everyone from the deli/bakery clerk to the cashier to the SBUX associates make each experience a pleasant one.
