4	Ahhhh the Southside... one can find ANYTHING in the southside. That's one of my mottos in life btw. In southside of Phoenix, in the deep hood. In a neighboorhood where pricks who leave their cars on while running into Circle K for somehing quick will surely find their cars missing. and the car will probably be a block away or so - in order to teach the owner a lesson about stupidity... yes in this type of neighborhood, is the most brightly painted and smallest little closet posing as a flowershop.It's really easy to miss, so stick with me. the ONLY way you can access this place is if you are heading east on Southern. It's impossible to enter this place if you're heading west. The traffic is too dense. You'll eaither cause an accident or get shot at for trying to make a left into this place. (jk... kinda) Its right behind McDonald's off of the south east corner of Central and Southern. it's elaboratly painted exterior depicts different Disney princesses and they usually have some brightly colored pinatas for sale hanging from their little porch.When you enter the flower smell slaps your face. They have various plants and flowers and a very thick book of all the arrangements they have. NOW if you are shopping for a wedding... I recommend looking at the Quinceiera price book first!! This is because Quinceieras are usually more elaborate affairs (atleast on the southside) than weddings and also the Quinceiera prices are cheaper than the wedding prices! I was floored when I noticed that! Their books are so awesome! Because they also have packaged deals instead of pricing everything individually. For my engagement party a couple of years ago, we got the small banquet package which were a dozen small arrangements of painted carnations, these small purple flowers, a couple of roses, mini purple calla lillies and baby's breath. They were all so purty and yes, I regret having the carnations painted. We should have loved them as nature made them. One of the things I really liked is that ALL their fresh flowers come from this flower farm (is that the right wordding?) just outside of Buckeye and they only order what they need for that week. Its such a small place, they really don't have the storage space. and they do weekly pick-ups to the flower farm which means no large shipping costs for them and low prices for us! SO if you're trying to go green for your wedding... what could be better?! A small locally owned mom and pop flower shop where the flowers are grown locally at crazy cheap prices! Also, their small storage space makes it hard for them to get big orders done in a few days notice... give atleast a week, just so you don't have to pay shipping fees. But this is only for really big orders, like a wedding or something. Also, they usually have an English speaking cashier, but there's been times when I went in for some flowers for a pageant and had to ask another customer for some help translating. You might want to bring in your own Spanish speaking translator, you'll be glad that you did. to my yelpers: if you love small family owned businesses where the owners take pride in their work; if you're trying to go green for your next special occasion, but just don't know how; if you don't want to spend an arm & a leg for a bunch of flowers that will eventually die anway... and won't risk lives by turning left near a VERY busy intersection and like buildings painted like gingerbread houses with Disney Princess roomates.. than Kori & Anna's is just for you. I say go and enjoy that rich flower smell and remember to look at the Quinciera book first! Don't get your flowers painted (like I did!), bring some pictures to help them with some idea concepts and remember to include me on your invite list!
1	Flowers stunk to high heaven with all the chemicals they sprayed on them to try to make dead flowers look fresh. It didn't work, they looked like dead flowers. Absolutely the worst bouquet I've ever bought. Don't bother.
4	I have used Kori & Ana's Flower Shop for many years.  They ALWAYS do a great job. Always beautiful work, reasonable prices,  great customer service.  And they always deliver on time.   I use them personally and I use them for the church I belong to.  I will continue to do business with them.    By the way,  they have moved.  they are now on south Central Ave.
5	I live in San Francisco and this will be my second time ordering flowers from this flower shop (Thanksgiving & Christmas arrangements) for my lovely mother who lives near South Mountain.  The last two times I've called, it was two days before the holidays and Marcy who works there, answers the phone professionally and takes my order with giggles.  Being far away and hoping I get my monies worth, Marcy assured me both times that my mother will love it.  Guess what?  Both times, my mother has told me, "Mijo, the flowers are beautiful and I love them!"  When my mom says she LOVES something, she LOVES IT!  She's not one to say I LOVE YOU or I LOVE IT if she doesn't feel it.Thank you Marcy and your team for always taking great care of me and delivering flowers to my mother on such a short notice.  I will use you throughout the year in 2015.  I will call you back in February...Yelpers, looking for a flower shop who can make beautiful arrangements at a fair price, make deliveries even on a short notice, and seeking excellent customer service?  Stop looking now and call Kori & Ana Shop now.
