1	Ugh. Dear Colonel Sanders. It's a shame your ghost can't come back and give the franchisee of this KFC location a good swift kick in the derriere. I walked in here and noted that the place was cleaner than most KFC's typically are. But a clean restaurant doesn't equal good food, or a good value either. When we opened up our takeout food it was woefully disappointing and underwhelming in terms of quantity and taste. I've stayed away from KFC restaurants for several years but when my wife said she wanted KFC, I went. I regret not telling her no. I flat refuse to go back to this KFC, and it will likely be many years if ever before I step foot in ANY KFC again. 1 Star is 1 Star too many.
3	I've been to this location dozens of time, their consistency is not there. This time both orders of chicken were dry, otherwise standard kfc.
2	This location has really bad customer service they had me waiting in line by myself for close to 20 mins with a full staff behind the counter with each person just staring and telling me be right with you sir. I would understand if it were a busy time and the rush to get orders ready were really bad but I was the only customer in the store. I would recommend going to another location to get your kfc.
1	We have been to this location and frankly, my family and I will never step foot in here again. While the staff is nice, they have messed up our orders both times. The second time we waited at least twenty minutes for our food. There was another couple there who ordered before us (at least 10 minutes before us by the sound of their complaining) who still didn't get served until after we did. However, people who ordered well after us got their food before us. Both times we have been there our order has been incorrect. They have forgotten parts of our meal or our drinks and then stare at us blankly when we ask for what is missing. This KFC really needs a management team to step up and tighten up this ship. Unfortunately though, they have forever lost us as customers.
