4	Wonderful crew, a daily stop of mine
5	Always fast friendly service at this location. If it had a drive-thru, it would be 6 Stars.
2	I'll give them credit for being in a nice area and decent size place for a Starbucks.  But of course I probably won't come here again, after my experience.  The Batista that was at the counter, didn't really seem like being there.  I'm sure it was a long day, but at least still do service with a smile.  Ordering 2 venti ice mocha, one with soy milk.  You would think they would ask if I wanted whip cream with the soy milk.  Now I know other Batista's at other Starbucks actually ask if I want whip cream.  Unfortunately this one didn't.  Being lactose intolerant and having whip cream with my ice mocha, kind of ruins the whole thing.  My overall thoughts, if you're not lactose intolerant, this may be a great place to grab a coffee.  But if you are lactose intolerant, make sure you specify no whip cream, if they don't ask.  Which I believe they should cause every other Starbucks I been too were courteous enough to ask.
2	Honestly, I've had a pretty crapping morning but I still go out with a smile. The cashier who worked here this morning was completely unpleasant. I explained to her that I wanted to try a neopolitan (a drink off of their secret menu) she had no idea what I was talking about and she just gave me the most, "you must be stupid" look. I told her that it would be alright I'll just get my regular. She was so short and cut me off when I was about to explain if I wanted it hot or cold. Luckily she guessed correctly and ordered it cold. I would have given this place 1 star but thankfully the young lady making my drink was the absolute opposite, bubbly and sweet. They need to fix the staffing here because mornings are very important business hours.
2	Probably the longest it's ever taken to get a drip coffee. Simplest order ever, and I'm fine with waiting my turn but every other Starbucks I've ever been in the cashier will just turn around and pour a drop coffee because it takes literally 2 seconds so I don't have I wait for all the 'mocha-frappa-caramel-soy-chai-blended-extrahot-grande-lattes' that take forever to make in front of me. But not this one. It gets 2 stars instead of one for having lots of comfy chair and couch seating, which I only got to sit in for 5 mins after the 25 it took to get the coffee.
5	They are just always friendly here!!I have never waited more than a couple minutes to order and/or be served my drink.I like it, you might too... Parking can be tough, as the shopping center is not very well designed, but that is by no means Starbucks' fault.I read the bad reviews below and trust me, I have never had a bad experience as described. The employees are often chatty and take a genuine interest in what the customers are talking about. I say this because I frequently talk to strangers and have become involved in intense conversation with other customers and baristas waiting in line here.
3	I come here because it's close to my house. No other reason. The staff is super friendly and really know their customers. However service is slow and the quality of drinks are unpredictable. A dirty soy chai might be spot on one day and the next day by the very same person taste absolutely terrible.
5	This is a spacious coffee house location without a drive thu..  Friendly staff and my order is made right consistently.  Recently added more umbrellas outside which is great but its very hard to move them around so what's the point?  Also, the outdoor tables need to be dusted off more often.  Other than that I have very good experiences. The recent remodelling is an upgrade.  Careful when backing out of the parking spaces as many others will fly in right behind you, seen many close calls.FYI this Starbucks is within the city limits of North Las Vegas not Las Vegas itself.  The other side of Decatur is Las Vegas.
3	Stopped in to grab a cup of joe while doing some early morning errands. Fiona greeted me with a smile and quickly took my order and got my coffee. The new Thanksgiving blend was my bean of choice and it was pretty tasty. I added a piece of cinnamon coffee cake for good measure. The only drawback to this location is the lack of a drive thru.
4	The only downside to this joint is that they don't have a drive-thru.  That's the downside if you're in a rush.The upside, when you go inside, is that they don't have a drive-thru...so that means that you have a better idea how long the wait will be.I go there to work remotely sometimes...so I don't have to do it at home.  I think it's great. It's usually rather quiet because most people are reading or working on laptops, so we're all uber-focused.  I like the barstool tables along the window, and they have outlets all along the window so I can charge up my laptop as I work.  Pretty snazzy.Drinks are very good.  As good as any other Starbucks, and the staff is usually friendly.  Even when the line is long, I don't wait as long as I do at other locations, so that's a huge plus (likely because there's no drive-thru)
1	Just waited 7 minutes for an iced latte even though there was no one in front of me! Chic started talking to her friends and totally forgot about me! Epic fail. I guess my $1 tip wasn't enough.
1	Ugh! My breaking point has been reached. I said no foam, it's on the cup. I had a quarter of a cup of foam that I had to scoop out! Pay attention. I've been visiting this Starbucks for nearly two years. The drinks are terrible! The lady working the cash register in the morning is so slow, she slows everything down. I've seen other regulars walk out when they see her working. I'm over this location. I'll wait till I get to work to grab a cup of Joe.
2	Compared to other Starbucks in the area, this is one I usually avoid unless I need to get on the freeway right after. Pretty slow service, drinks are mediocre... But what does it for me is that it's never a welcoming experience here and the employees make me want to leave quicker than they can serve coffee!
4	This location is always busy and usually you will have a short wait.  However staff are always pleasant and friendly, and there white chocolate mocha is perfect!  Due to the traffic this is a great place to people watch and relax on a weekend morning with your beverage.
5	I been coming to this location for over 3 years. The staff were all nice and attentive. Especially Danny; he is the best. He remembers my drink and my name. Whenever I walk in, everyone says hello to me. I really enjoy coming here.
2	The service wasn't bad. Had to ask twice for a receipt. The ladies room was horrendous! Had not been cleaned for some time. No toilet tissue or paper towels. Had to dry hands on the seat covers. The floor needs to be power washed. Obvious no one has really given it the attention it needs.
