5	Does this bag make my butt look big?Any store that has that written on its shopping bag ROCKS in my book.  And that's Haus for you.  Sleek, modern, irreverent and witty. Located over in the Biltmore Fashion Park, this is where I go for off-the-wall novelty gifts - everything from frames, to travel accessories, to funny cards, to "I'm Not a Republican" breath mints.  And this is where I WOULD go if I could afford the expensive 1950s modern Copenhagen-ish (but better) furniture.The staff has always been friendly, helpful, funny and on occasion even cute. And when women ask the aforementioned "butt" question the answer is ALWAYS a resounding "NO!" -- if you know what's good for you.
5	Out doing a little Christmas shopping and this store caught my eye... modern decor is not my home decor but still they have great items in this store.  All along the cash register they have these cute little nick knacks and you are not quite sure what they are.  Upon further examination they turn out to be normal every day items such as salt and pepper shakers that look like little plastic weeble wobbles swinging on a tether ball pole their hands are magnetic, it looks like a plastic cactus in a pot but it turns out to be a toilet brush cleverly hidden.  Beyond the silly little things by the register they also have a great selection of scented candles that smell inviting.  What I ended up purchasing was a few picture frames that were very unique.  One was a solid block of glass that you slide the picture into... very simple yet elegant.  The other was a set of solid glass bookend picture frames.  This store is great for unique gifts for that someone who has everything.
4	Haus please get some new stuff. All your inventory is being knocked-off by Target and I'm inclined to pay $29.99 instead of $2,999 for a plate or a rock or a book about poop or whatever. Otherwise you rock.Sincerely,Jenn
4	This place is pretty neat. However, after they moved locations in Biltmore Fashion I am a little disappointed in what they are trying to display. Their stuff has always been very expensive but it was more substance to a lot of their items. Where now you can buy a 20 page book for 50 dollars if you are lucky. Pretty unrealistic. But it takes money to make your condo look incredible. The staff is like a pregnant woman. Depends on what day you are in and what face you are dealing with. Ty that works there is a friend of mine but I always see being awesome to everyone that walks in.
3	Michael Graves at Haus? Not the actual Michael Graves, but his products are at Haus. At the upscale Biltmore Fashion Park. And also at Targets from Compton to Connecticut. Strange. Unlike Tarjay however, there's definitely a bit of sticker shock at Haus. Like the $410 plastic chair. And the $275 cereal bowl. Yes, I said cereal. What kind of cereal do you put in that kind of bowl. Moneycomb?
4	Haus has snazzy new digs on Central Ave. near Highland. It's much more spacious than the old site at the Biltmore Fashion Park.Still a cool locally-owned spot for modern furniture, gifts, books, etc. Sure, some of the stuff gets knocked off by Target or IKEA. You still aren't going to find real Saarinen tables or Moroso chairs in too many places around town. Kudos to Gregory and his staff for keeping it going all these years, and through all the ever-improving locations.
4	This place is in a great little modern-centric plaza near Camelback and Central, and the quality of the products for the home are exceptional. Haus has a beautiful bungalow-like look to it, and packs a surprising amount of furniture, home goodies and little trinkets despite its modest size. Too bad I can't afford many of the things in here (can anyone? honestly?). I'm heavily digging the new pieces in there from plusminus studio (www.plusminusstudio.com) that are on display. The reclaimed wood tables are some of the nicest I've ever seen. I recommend it highly.
4	I really love to go to Haus and just browse because Lord knows I cannot afford anything in here.  I can't imagine there are too many people who actually can.  That being said, Haus carries some really great, high-quality products.  I've actually purchased quite a few items from here, most of them being kitschy Alessi products.  I did purchase a book about Poo here for my little bro.  The stuff here ranges from couches to tables to home accessories.  If you are looking for an interesting and original gift, you should definitely check this place out, as their small item selection is great.
5	I really loved going to HAUS when it was in Biltmore but now that it is in the Camelback/Central plaza, it is way more convenient for me to go and look at stuff that I can't afford.  I love their baby section.  If we ever decided to have a kid, we would totally register for everything they have here.  Just an amazing selection of stuff.Their kitchen items are all really cool but so pricey.  $40 for a single ice cream dish?  Wow!  Not today.This place is a really good place to find gifts for people.  Not everything is expensive but most of the furniture is and it is too bad because I really want all of it.
5	Great selection of truly fabulous product - anything and everything for the home, indoor and out - very well priced.Go and shop! or shop on-line.
4	Super fun place to window shop or find a unique gift for house warming perhaps. While the items are a bit pricey I found a fun little gift for  a friend and  a super cool tote for me cuz I can't  get enough of totes and shopping bags.  Might go back for plastic  chopsticks for when I have friends over for Japanese food  Debbie Style..
5	Loved this place......I just went in today for the first time to check everything out and about half way through my tour the owner informs me they just announced they are closing their doors.  I picked up a few little things since everything is half off.  How sad.  I hate to see cool local businesses go out.  I wish I had found them earlier so I could have maybe bought a bit more in order to help.
