1	Even though there is a big sign in the waiting room apologizing in advance for the fact that the doctor's appointments may run longer than expected (because he's "committed to spending all the time with patients that is required") I've been waiting with my grandmother for over an hour at this visit. I understand that things come up, that he's on call with the ER today, etc., but there appears to be a big problem with overbooking at this office. Dr. Weiner really ought to consider making appointment slots longer or building in buffer time between slots. A huge inconvenience and downright disrespectful. Really didn't plan to or have the flexibility to take an entire afternoon off of work. Dr. Weiner should compensate me for lost time. Unacceptable.------Jeff P., making a patient wait for upwards of 100 minutes past the his or her scheduled appointment time is no way to run a successful business. Yes, maybe he ends up seeing fewer patients per week/month by building in a little extra time. I highly doubt he would end up bankrupt as a result. There would simply be a longer backlog of available slots. The people next to us are going on two hours waiting. This is unacceptable on every level.
5	This is an amazing physician. He spends as much time with patients as they need. So David S., should Dr. Weiner have an egg timer and start it at 15 minutes so that when your Grandmother's visit is over, he can dismiss her so that the next patient can be seen on time? Dr. Weiner probably spends more time with other patients rather than kicking them out of the room when their appointment is done.  And your solution makes little sense.  if he removes patient slots, that means your Grandmother wouldn't be seen today or probably this week. And his practice is a business like anything else; if they don't see a certain number of patients, they can't afford their overhead. And what do you think happens when a physician is on call with the E.R.? They are probably attending to a patient which means unforeseen events happen.David S.Yes, he would go bankrupt if he scheduled patients according to your desired schedule. This is a medical practice not a barber shop. You cannot control every element in medicine. Unforeseen events happen. You can't compare it to a retail business.  Waiting for 100 minutes is not uncommon particularly with a surgeon who was taking call in an emergency department.  Many orthopaedic surgeons take trauma call. Should Dr. Weiner avoid repairing a shattered femur in an auto accident so that he can make you happy and be on time for your grandmother's visit? Did you ever consider why so many patients are willing to wait to see Dr. Weiner? There are plenty of orthopaedic surgeons in this city. Did it ever dawn on you that Dr. Weiner has an excellent reputation and patients are willing to wait to receive excellent care. Medicine is an art; replacing a knee is not the same as replacing your brakes. There are plenty of people who are willing to wait to receive excellent care. I would much rather be seen by someone who was late but then takes their time with my appointment than someone who kicks me out when my appointment is over.
5	Fantastic doctor!  Although he couldn't fix my knee injury, he determined what was wrong, found the right specialist to fix it and personally called him and wrote a long report to him.When I mentioned I was seeing an orthopedist everyone told me he would automatically just do surgery even if I didn't need it.  Nothing was further from the truth.  He treated me and determined my injury dies not require surgery.
5	Dr.  Weiner was fantastic! This is the second time my fiance has seen him and he does a really amazing job!  His front desk staff is super friendly and accommodating.  He performed top notch on a difficult surgery.  If I know anyone that needs an orthopaedic surgeon I would definitely recommend him. Also,  considering he is an on call ER surgeon he scheduled the surgery was able to schedule the surgery in a very timely manner.
5	Dr Weiner has been absolutely awesome. I shattered my ankle in early 2014 and Dr Weiner was the on call surgeon at the ER. He took great care of me, put everything back together and I have been able to resume my active lifestyle in a very short amount of time. I recently had the hardware removed and that process was easy with a very quick recovery.Follow up visits and care are also stellar; his office staff are all very professional, respectful and helpful.Thanks Doc!
