4	Driving down Spring Mountain Road at night during commute hours you can easily miss this new taco truck that opened up last week.  But if you noticed the brightly lite interior of a white trailer with a few bar chairs setup right at the counter, then you have spotted Tacos "La Carreta".  The visual reminded me of the food stalls in night markets in Asia, but this is way cleaner.Their menu is pretty simple, tacos, burritos, quesadilla, tortas, paras and even hot dogs.  The portion is smaller but so is the price tag.  I feel that it is portioned just right for you to sample more of their menu.The Lengua Taco is my favorite of all the items I ordered.  The owner, Juan Carlos, also made me a potato taco that I have never tried before.  My mouth enjoyed the new experience.The owner and the cashier lady are super nice, and the entire taco truck is kept super clean. Way cleaner than some kitchens I have seen around the Las Vegas valley that conspicuously display their "A" rating from the local health inspection.  The food is pretty good, but could benefit from further refinement.  But that is just my opinion, and I am not at all an expert in Mexican food.  Service is fast and friendly. And after awhile waiting for a friend to arrive, a steady flow of Spanish speaking patrons started arriving.  So that is a good sign I think.Come check them and support a local new business.They are currently open only on Friday-Sunday from about 6 to 10pm.3.75 stars.
5	They know me by name. I'm a authentic taco freak... Look no further. This shit taste like a Tijuana taco stand after one to many tequila shots.
5	Great food truck set up in China town.  I have tried a few of their tacos and all have been great.  My husband is a fan of their version of chitlen tacos.  Great prices and great food for that late night hunger strike.
5	Tacos in Chinatown? Yep!!!They are good.  They are better than tacobell and that says a lot.
4	Late night cravings? Are you near Chinatown and your usual spots aren't cutting it? This is a solid taco truck that will satisfy your munchies - open late! This is the same place that used to be near the tire shop parking lot on Valley View and Spring Mountain. They just relocated on Valley View towards the north a bit more.Prices are on par with any other street food Mexican spot. It seems to me most of their food is made to order only because it takes longer than say Tacos el Gordo where it's ready to go. Flavors are solid and quality is high. They have a huge selection of sauces and salsas for every taste.  Everything seems very fresh. Not too greasy, either! I'd say just right. I think they prefer a "dryer" sort of marinade/seasoning on everything.I've sampled their tacos al carbon as well as their pork burrito. I'd be back for both over and over.  There isn't a lot to say, if you like street tacos and fast Mexican food in general, except keep them in mind next time you're having late night cravings!
