5	Bull cocks. My furry daughter is obsessed with them! She loves the braided cocks best and wow, does this place have a great selection and price on them. Besides the awesome collection of dried bull cocks, this place also has the best selection of pet food in all of Henderson. I was looking to find an ultra premium pet food for my baby and wasn't too thrilled about Petsmart/Petco's selection. This place has BETTER food than the major pet stores and it's cheaper too! Hard to beat that. I expected prices to suck at this place compared to Petsmart, but I found the toys, treats, and food to all be priced very competitively (cheapeer than the major stores for the most part) and employees were so helpful, too ! I officially don't need to return to Petsmart anymore !
5	This is the place to be for high quality pet products! Don't let the small appearance of the place fool you because AYSPS is full of the best of the best products for your pet. While it is smaller and doesn't offer the kind of variety that Petsmart/Petco or those corporate pet places, the items sold here are better than anything you can get at those corporate places. Ok...well actually...there are a FEW items that you can that are similar to those corporate pet stores but if you decide to come here, don't expect the same exact sh*t you'll find over at petsmart/petco. Oh and I feel they offer so much better individualized attention which is super cool. Another cool thing about this place is that they offer free dog food after you purchase 10 of the same biggest sized dog food. I thought this program is pretty cool considering how somewhat pricy the dog food they have here is (since it's premium, booshie pet food).  If you're looking for cooler/ more awesome pet clothing, this place has more unique clothing in my opinion.Lastly, this place is in my 'hood! Another reason for me and my pet to stay in the area :)
5	I can't say enough good things about the staff and the high quality products here. It's fantastic.
5	I came here because of a cat with special dietary needs--the food selection at Petco/Petsmart just wasn't cutting it anymore. Wow, does ATYS ever have a huge selection! It was a little overwhelming really, but one of the employees (also a vet student) listened to what I was looking for in a food and helped point me to a few brands/varieties that fit the bill. Helpful, reasonable prices, knowledgeable staff. Yep, this is my new pet store!
5	I used to live just a few blocks from this great speciality pet store, but it wasn't there at that time.  Moved away, came back 6 years later and now live in Silverado ranch area.  I feed my dobie's the best dry food called ACANA.  Was usually hard to find. Was driving all the way over to Mountain Edge to get their food.  I thought, there must be someplace closer. after a little research, I found "At your Service Pet Supply.  They not only had my Acana, but, almost every great food out there for your dog or cat.  I don't think I ever met the owner or manager, but  they have a lot of young adults working there. Most of them are very friendly and somewhat helpful, a couple there that you can tell has not done a lot of research on dog food, so when you asked them a question, they just read off the package, you could tell they really didn't know much about the product. But, the real reason I am giving them 5 stars, is...I spend 70 dollars there on average every flippin 10 days to feed my 3 dogs. One saturday, my pups were out of food, and I hopped in my car to go buy their Acana.  CAR WOULD NOT START!!  called at your service, and explained my problem, and asked them if they would deliver with a small fee of course.  I believe it was Ashley I spoke with, she said let me call my manager to see if that is possible?  She called me back quickly and said yes, they would deliver later that day for a 10 dollar charge.  I thought that was awesome of them.  and especially on a busy day.  At your service really relived my stress of getting food for my dogs that day, I would have had to rent a car just to do that!  So...THANK YOU AT YOUR SERVICE PET SUPPLY!!MY ONE AND ONLY SUGGESTION TO THE OWNER, IS THAT I WOULD HAVE EVERY EMPLOYEE THAT WORKS THERE RESEARCH EVERY BRAND OF DOG FOOD THEY CARRY SO THAT THEY CAN ANSWER QUESTIONS TO THE BEST OF THEIR ABILITY, AND NOT JUST READ OFF THE PACKAGE.  My company is now transfering me back to southern California to the Murrieta/Temecula area, and now, I have to go through the same thing and find another great speciality pet store.THANK YOU AGAIN, "AT YOUR SERVICE PET SUPPLY"  you are a great neighborhood pet store.  Best wishes to all of you.Vicky
5	A great local spot - and they support local rescues!
5	Took my dog here for his first groom since adoption. He loved it and he looked amazing. Michelle did a fantastic job. She even let my dog text me to tell me he was done. ;)The selection of products is pretty impressive, too. If you're looking for something and can't find it at PetSmart/Petco? It's probably here.It's a little bit out of the way for me, but if you're in Henderson/Green Valley, I can't recommend them enough.
5	Went in for my dog's grooming needs and had the most enjoyable, professional experience. Lisa was so good, gentle and really knew what she was doing. Would go to her again!! Me and Shadow say "Thank You, Lisa"!!!
5	Great customer service!  I had questions about what to feed my new kitten and they were very polite and took the time to answer my many questions.  This is the place to go with all of your pets needs!  If you want higher end food, do not hesitate to check this place out!
2	Ya know, I've been in three times so far because I was so excited about the products they carry.  However, the three times I've been in, I've gotten the crappiest customer service.  Either they're too busy or they just don't care.  Whatever the reason is, I'm conflicted about giving them my business, I'm stoked about how close they are to my house but hate not being treated well. I'll ponder it, we'll see.  So disappointing!!! :(
5	Love this store, especially the grooming department. My three little sweeties look amazing after a visit! I also look forward to all of the special events they plan! Way to be different and involve the community! Two paws up!
3	Not the best pet store.  Prices not very cheap.  It's very clean though.  Will go back if only I'm in the area.
4	Very nice store with friendly staff and pretty knowledgeable. We visit frequently for certain products they carry which are almost always in stock. They don't hesitate to order something in for you if they don't carry that product in store, no extra charge. Great location, healthy animal foods, no low-end "meal" brands, decent prices from other places we've been. You guys have a loyal customer!
5	I read the reviews and decided to check it out. As I walked in I was greeted by the sales guy.  I walked over to the dog food that I had researched  and the sales guy came over and we began to talk about it.  Very knowledgeable it was nice to talk to someone who was not reading the bag I can do that to.  We talked for a good 10minutes and his name is Canton...I will be back the prices were cheaper than the bigger pet stores.  I love the Macaw they have his name is Thor..and the other associates were friendly too.  Ask for Canton...
4	I was really glad we drove down here...their selection is huge. Especially if your looking for a special or fancy dog food. Our pooch recently decided he didn't want to eat dry food anymore...I experimented with freeze dried dog food and he seemed to like it so I was out on a search for that or anything that he'd eat! The staff was great at answering our questions and making suggestions. All while showing our furry son some attention with treats and scratchings. Fyi...There are coupons in the Pet Scene magazine, so what else would stop me from returning? Nothing! Chaos loved the rabbit that was up for adoption, he so wanted to play! Prices were fair. Store was organized and clean. Staff was really nice. I'll definitely be back!
4	This is the only pet store I go to.  I love that they are NOT a chain and the staff is extremely knowledgeable about everything.  I have been going here for 5 years and they always remember who I am and how my dog is doing.  The homemade treats (the pizza slice is too cute!) they outsource in make my little guy go crazy! With recent recalls too I completely trust their products.
1	The retail part of the store is fine. There is a large selection of food and accessories. I like that they carry grain-free dog and cat food. However, their current groomer gave my daughter's dog the worst cut!  The poor thing looks ridiculous! The groomer gave her a poodle cut instead of a shitzu cut. When we picked her up, we heard the groomer yelling at a dog she was grooming!  To top it off, the groomer said she had never heard of a "puppy cut" or a "box dryer."   I think At Your Service got this women off the street!  The sad part was the staff didn't apologize and actually defended this groomer's horrible work. We are now looking for another place to shop.
1	We just found out that someone else brought their golden retriever to At Your Service for a bath.  The so called "groomer" shaved the dog's back!!!!  What kind of idiot shaves the back of a golden? Did she mistake the word "bath" with "back?"  What really bothers me is that the management keeps incompetent groomers. These poor dogs!
1	My review is based on their groomer.  They SHAVED my toy Australian Shepherd.  What knowledgable groomer does that??  I took my dog here earlier this year (January?).  I had her here on another occasion in 2012 and they did a great job.  So when I brought her in January, I made the appointment and said to do what you did last time.  They didn't have a good record of what had happened, so I explained, among all the normal grooming things, that I just wanted a trim for some of her longer hair. I was at work during the appointment time, so my husband dropped her off.  They asked what to do with her, and my husband didn't know.  Since i had already told them on the phone what i wanted, i didn't tell him any instructions.  So he said, just trim her.  They called me several times at work to clarify, but I couldn't answer, which is why I told them what I wanted when I made the appointment.  So when I picked up a shaved dog, I was furious.  The groomer and the manager just kept telling me it was my fault cause I didn't answer my phone.  I couldn't, I was at work!  How many times do they need to be told what to do?  And shouldn't a reputable groomer know what to do with an Australian Shepherd?  That's why I told them what I wanted when I made the appointment.  Also, when I made the appointment, I told them that my husband would drop her off, and I would be at work until a certain time, they said it was fine, and she could stay there until the time I said.   But when they called an hour before I could leave work, my they made it seem like that was really putting them out to have her there longer.  It seemed like the person on the phone had no communication with the groomer.There are too many good groomer shops in town, find another one.  It's a shame cause I really liked their pet store, but now I won't step foot in there.
4	Bubba has 35 food allergies, allergic to all grains. Showed an associate the food allergy results and she was able to find kibble food fairly easily. I'm giving 4 stars because the location is far from my house. But I like the store because of the knowledgable and helpful associates. Thanks guys.
4	I became familiar with At Your Service because they always have a table at Yappy Hour.  The guy that mans it is always friendly and very generous with the treats, as my dog tends to stalk his table just waiting for him to give her something.  They were also recommended by a friend involved with dog rescue.  As far as I know they are the only store that carried a particular cage muzzle I was looking for versus ordering it online.  I took my little "Cujo" with me so he could try it on.  The store is large.  If you are a fan of healthy, natural, high quality dog food and products this is the store for you.  Customer service was great.  The clerk spent a lot of time going over my dogs aggression and anxiety issue and offered me a card of a trainer that works with rescued dogs at a discount.  They fact that they also have dog adoption events at their store is another plus in my book.
1	I am actually rating the pet grooming a 1 star. I needed to find a place quickly for my dogs to be groomed because the paw Spa where I usually take my dogs to were fully booked for 2 weeks. I figured I would try "At Your Service grooming" since I always buy dog food from there. I made an appointment and they told me I could come right away. When I got there the room smelled so nasty and dirty like wet dog. It was extremelyhumid and as soon as we got there, my dogs tongues were hanging out of there mouths because it was so hot ( this was in the middle of December). The groomer asked me to fill out paper work and asked what I wanted done. I wanted just basic grooming done on my Maltese and yorkie. She had no idea what " basic" was. It took about 10 min. For me to show pictures of basic haircuts. As I was filling out the paperwork, the groomer took the wet dog that she was working on at the time, put it in a kennel AND PUT A GIANT BOUNCY HOUSE BLOWER( fan) ON THE DOG to blow dry it's hair!!!! They didn't even use a regular warm hair dryer!!! The noise from the fan and cold air made the dog shake so bad!!!!!! I was about to go home and pickup my hair dryer and go back so I could dry the scared/ cold dog myself! Needless to say, I ripped up the paperwork and walked out of the grooming room and went home. Never in my life will I ever take my dogs there!!!!
4	This review is just based on their service and selection of food for my 4 cats, including 2 Bengals that require specialty food. I have not had experience with their grooming. They had the largest selection I have ever seen of high-protein, grain-free canned and dry foods for my fur babies. The man who helped me the first time we went in was amazing. He seriously must have spent at least 10-15 minutes with me, showing me different options I had and was also fairly familiar with the Bengal breed of cat, which I don't expect most to be. He showed us some raw diet foods, which we tried, and told us we could bring back if they didn't like it. Of course, our spoiled little babies did not like the raw food, but absolutely LOVED the dry food he recommended. I'm sure we will never try anything else now that we found this one. When we brought the raw food back to return it, they refunded us immediately with no questions asked. Easy peasy! I appreciate how helpful they always are and I am always asked if I need help with anything as soon as I walk in the door. I also love that they have a little table with a puzzle on it for my 3 year-old to play with when we come in, and it's also wonderful that they have a few small animals up for adoption. I have ordered a custom harness for one of my Bengals after purchasing the same one in a different size, and they said that they would call the lady who makes them and place my order and give me a call. That was 2-3 weeks ago, and I am still waiting to hear back. I went in today to ask about the status, and the man was very helpful and said he would contact the owner right away to check on the status. Once this is cleared up, my review will go up to a 5 star for sure!! Thanks for a great selection with excellent and consistent customer service!
1	We STOPPED going here! They were so rude to me! I forgot that I raved about them after my first visit. The women who work there are SNOOTY with a capital SNOOT! Once they have you as a customer, they seem to think they can treat you however they want. They are too big for their britches and we will not be back! :(
5	I met the husband of the owner when we got our hair cut at same time. I asked his advice as it seemed my multiple dogs were passing some kind of stomach flu. He was so kind & gave me advice. So I went into the store & met his wife, the owner. She & all her employees were so nice & steered me towards exactly what I needed. This was at 4:30 pm & now I am happy to say at 10 pm all dogs feel 100% better. They have a huge selection of holistic & special needs dog foods. One of my dogs is a diabetic. Easy decision to make- they are now my #1 pet supply store of course. I intend to make them a frequent stop. I can't thank the owner & employees enough for their advice when I was truly frightened about my dogs being sick. They were kind, concerned, and professional & asked me to call them tomorrow about how my dogs were feeling.
5	So lucky to have them in my neighborhood...great service, incredibly kind, caring and knowledgeable staff - every single one of them. My dogs love coming here. I do too. Their alkaline water subscription is the best kept secret/best deal in town.  100% guarantee on all their products - will accept returns if pets don't like the food/product. I can't say enough nice things about everyone who works here.  I have three vizslas and they're a handful...and have broken things at the store because they get so excited when they're there -- and they still are kind and welcoming to me. I also have a dog with severe allergies and they've helped me every step along the way including helping me get the holistic assistance for him I desperately needed. If you have a pet, having this sort of a resource at your disposal is invaluable.
