5	Sadly, I can't give a full first-hand experience of this place, but that's just because, as of yet, I am untattoed. But I can say, from first-hand experience, that their work is brilliant. Two friends of mine got their tattoos there and they are really beautiful. And they didn't have any horror stories, either. Their skin didn't flake off or turn green. Their skin stayed exactly the colour it should've, minus the ink, of course.I think tattoo-parlours mainly get their rep from word-of-mouth. So, this mouth says that Red Hot + Blue Tattoo is good to go.  And the eyes attached to this head which has this mouth has seen the beautiful artwork they've produced. One of my friends got a stylized owl tattooed on her upper thigh, while my other friend had a feather he'd drawn himself (with a fountain pen) tattooed in brown ink (first for me there: I'd never seen a brown tattoo before). So, if you've decided that your skin's become quite boring and want to revamp it with some very permanent artwork, then give this place a chance.
4	I have been thinking quite a lot recently about getting a tattoo and so I have been asking around about which tattoo studio would be best and Red, Hot and Blue Tattoo was the firm favourite. Several of my friends have had tattoos done here and have raved about the tattoo artists working here, and so this is definitely the place I am going to get mine done. Situated in the Tollcross area of Edinburgh, Red, Hot and Blue Tattoo is just a short walk from the city centre and so it is a convenient place to reach. They have a really great studio inside which shows hundred of different tattoo designs, all of them beautifully drawn. I visited this store just to see what kind of designs they do and I completely fell in love with a butterfly design of theirs which I am certain is the one I am going to get - it is gorgeous! The staff here were all lovely and one woman look the time to talk me through the tattoo process and she made me feel really at ease and so I am going to make an appointment with her to get it done. The prices for tattoos at Red, Hot and Blue are really reasonable and it would be difficult to find a tattoo place in Edinburgh which was as cheap and performed such great work.
5	I had been thinking about getting a bit done to an old tattoo for a while and woke up one monday morning thinking lets get this show on the road. A quick phone call and I had a slot at 1600 that day. Showed up on time and after a quick chat with the guy at the desk and then Drew (I think) it was all systems go! a clean studio with plenty of distractions and the job was done in less than an hour. They gave great advice on after care and now 2 1/2 weeks later the piece looks great. About a year ago I got a custom design on my back,  in a pretty reputable studio in Aberdeen - and they didn't really give me much after care advice, which is a shame as its not looking that great - I will probably head back to RH&BT to get it fixed.You do pay a premium for this service.
