5	Honesty, trustworthy, integrity. I cannot believe I'm talking about a mechanic shop!! I have lived in Scottsdale for 4 + years now, and have finally found a place I trust to bring my car. The people who work at Jim Winter are honest, forthright, compassionate individuals. They are patient, fair priced and don't try to scam you. They are genuinely good people who want to help you with your car needs. They always vacuum the inside of your car too - which is so nice!! Try them out - you won't be disappointed with the value you receive for work done. Their customer service is exceptional too!
5	Took my car in for a repair a few years ago. This time I needed some major work done and seemed to remember a great, honest experience from years ago, so I figured I would try them again. I was not disappointed. Great customer service, very fair pricing, professional, courteous...I will only consider them for all repair needs in the future. Highly recommended!
5	Fantastic place!  I recently got rear-ended, and my boyfriend recommended Jim Winter to me.  Everyone there from the receptionist to the mechanics were incredibly friendly and helpful.  The estimate for my car was almost $700 to replace my bumper.  Prior to doing so, they called me and said that they'd cleaned it up and, if I didn't care about the small crack in it, I could just pay $100 for the clean-up.  My car is 11 years old, so I wasn't concerned with perfection.  So, I ended up making money off of being rear-ended!  I was so impressed because I feel that most places would have gone ahead with whatever work they'd make more money off of.  I will definitely continue giving them my business!
5	After taking my 2010 Cadillac Escalade ESV to a local Cadillac dealership and getting ripped off, I took it to Johnny over at Jim Winter Auto Care to take a look at all the "Recommended Services" (over $1000 worth) for a second opinion.  Not only did they give me an honest answer about what really needed to be done (most of it did not) they found a few things the Cadillac Dealership missed and gave me a much better price on the work that did need to be done.  Good, honest work at a fair price.  Can't ask for much more than that!!!
5	Johnny is the best! I have an older SUV & truck that I like to keep in tip top shape. Jim Winters fits me in and takes care of any problems that come up. Trust worthy is a great way to describe them. If you're tired of the run around at other service centers, give Johnny a call, he will treat you with respect and not break the bank doing it.JackIf you're looking for the Best way to buy a new or used auto please give me a call.480-427-0302 Centennial Leasing & Sales. 25 proven years of great service.You can buy an auto without stepping a foot in a dealers door.If I don't have the one you seek, I'll find it.http://www.teamcentennial.com/inventory.asp
