4	Steamed buns fresh and delicious. Service friendly, sweets good. We enjoyed very much...but I almost don't feel qualified to say how good a bakery it is because this was my first experience with a non-european  bakery.  All I know is we've gone back on multiple occasions to buy the steamed buns and they are always delicious. BTW, we drive about 15 miles out of our way to get them, so, yeah, one could say we like them, ALOT.
3	Bought a few of the bakery's items from the pastry shelves in Mekong Supermarket.  I love the baked cream bolos and the coconut cream/sesame buns there!  (I toast them up in the toaster oven before eating, so they're warm and very flaky!)  I visited AA Wholesome once (it was getting dark out), after shopping at Mekong, and found the baker busy churning out fresh-baked pastries.  I was looking for something coconut-ty, and she recommended a fresh-from-the-oven MINI coconut tart-- I'm not kidding, it was just around 2.5 inches in diameter.  It was tasty, and definitely delivered the coconut fix I wanted, but at $1.45 a pop (15 cents higher than bakery prices, but significantly bigger than those sold at the bakery), it was price-y.  I wouldn't order it again.  The bolos and coconut/sesame buns are priced similarly, but at least I can stretch them out to two servings per bun.Bakery looked clean and organized, and the pastries are baked fresh everyday.  Day-old pastries can be bought at a discount, so come in before they close for deals on your favorite stuff-- I haven't been lucky though, as none of my faves stay long on the shelves.  If it weren't for the high prices (though I will admit to the quality being very good!), I'd give them a solid three stars!  Still, a three-star review isn't shabby!
4	Delicious! Just go there and buy some food. You will not be disappointed! The custard is delicious and so are the Chinese pancakes!
5	The service here is friendly, and they have samples sometimes.  I have started buying loafs of their pastry bread to eat for breakfast. Everything I've bought here has been really fresh and delicious. They have also been well stocked when I've been in, and the store is really nice looking, as well as clean. I'm not sure about the price because I've never really bought bread from a bakery before. For the pastry loafs they are around 4 dollars. The singular pastry breads have been 1.25 I think.
5	Baked and Steamed Manapua!!!  My wife and I have made it a habit of going for Pho at Unphogettable, and stopping by here for dessert.  She usually gets the Peanut butter Chocolate roll, and I get the honey bbq pork Manapua.  It's funny how the little things in life turn in to some of the most pleasurable.  These guys are doing it right, and in my mind are leading the baked goods charge in AZ.
1	This place was very disappointing. When AA Wholesome used to be located inside Super L Ranch it used to be lot better than this place. I bought whole bag full of bread & pastries and only that was pretty decent was the custard bun. Others were pretty bad and bland and end of throwing them away. I just want some good Asian baked goods! Guess I gotta make another trip out to Cali....
4	Baked Cream Bolo Loaf!  That's where the money is at!Pic:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/C32voxd_NaYq2Iz9U2eoPA?select=tmMcMrLGPMY39lUnbkYG1gHard to see, but there are small clusters of cream baked right into the loaf.  The bread itself is on the lighter and fluffier side with a slight sweetness.  During my trip I came here twice to pick up this loaf and ate it daily!
5	I've been to Mekong supermarket for many times. Last time I bought some bread in this bakery and I suddenly fall in love with it! Things are more Asian style and they tasted awesome. I will come to the bakery every time I go to mekong
5	I've been to Mekong supermarket for many times. Last time I bought some bread in this bakery and I suddenly fall in love with it! Things are more Asian style and they tasted awesome. I will come to the bakery every time I go to mekong
4	Small little bakery in Mekong Palace. Everything here is really good and fresh. Downside is that both times I've went, they didn't have everything in stock which is a bummer. However, it lead me to try something new which was delicious. I forget what it's called but it was coffee flavored and so good! The prices are very reasonable too so you have to stock up while you're there since there aren't a lot of chinese bakeries around.
5	BBQ Pork buns are amazing! They have a great base of selections with many seasonal or specialty items that rotate frequently. Cakes and pastries can be ordered for special occasions.
4	The 1st two things we tried were just *ok* - One was a Rainbow Cream Horn (the horn was good but the filling was a shortening based cream, not very good), the 2nd was a coconut cream tart which was good, just not gooey like I had hoped.  Then we busted into the cream filled bolo bread (I think??) WOW - SO good!!  Light, sweet bread filled with yummy custard.  Then we tried the Crispy Coconut & Raisin - I wish I had bought 6 of these!  Light, crisp on the outside, chewy and lightly sweet on the inside.  Absolutely yum.
5	I'm giving you guys 5 stars. Everything is delicious and the staff is helpful and friendly. The owner regularly offers samples of whatever she is taking out of the oven, which is a smart thing to do for the white people who have never seen any of this stuff before. Some people are complaining about the price, but as long as the food is good, I couldn't care less about how much it costs.My favorite right now is the baked cream bolo, its a very, very good midday snack. The egg-yolk pastries are really good, pineapple is by far the best flavor though, the others weren't that good. I know it sounds weird, but TRUST ME, they're very tasty, nothing at all strange or frightening about the taste.
4	This is one of my favorite bakeries in Phoenix. It's better than some of the Asian bakeries in LA; my favorite Asian bakery is Sheng Kee Bakery in the Bay Area. I prize fluffiness and less sugar when it comes to baked goods.The bread here usually is light and not too sweet.The bad about this bakery is that sometimes it's a bit inconsistent. When the boss isn't there, the bread can come out a bit flat.Another bad is that the bread can be a bit dry, they don't use loads of butter and lard, which is something I like. I like the taste of butter but I can't justify lard.Overall, for Phoenix, it is the better if not best Asian bakery the valley has to offer. It is still better than the breads shipped over from LA like the nasty stuff from Diamond Bakery.What I've had here:Red Bean BunBolo BreadMochiHong Kong Egg Tart (this stuff is pretty good)Coffee BreadCream and Coconut BreadSteamed Bun (BBQ Pork and Chicken)... others I'll update at a later date.
5	Delicious and extremely fresh Chinese baked goods.  Large selection.  Friendly staff.
4	Yum onion buns~ prices are quite cheap as wellMakes you sorta want to stuff up on carbs instead of getting an actual meal nearby
4	Love stopping in here and picking up some of their unique and tasty Asian bakery treats. There are so many different types that you just have to come in and try them out. The bonus here is that they are all extremely delicious. Just the smell of those gems baking in the oven gets me excited.Nice selection of both Sweet and Savory. You will find several items with different kinds of proteins stuffed inside or covering them. There is also a large selection of items for when you are on a sweet tooth adventure. They even make some good looking Wedding Cakes.Normally stop in after having lunch at the Thai place or one of the Soup restaurants in the plaza. Usually pick up a couple of those Green Onion Hot Dog sweet buns. Favorites also include any of the Spicy or or Shredded Pork items. The Coconut Taro and the Creamy Coconut are also a must.Very friendly Service and a Fun place to check out. You just have to use your best judgment and try not to eat too much. I'm starting to feel it in my love handles. It is just so good and addictive. Located in the front part of Mekong Plaza. ENJOY !4.5 STARS
4	Found this place by accident - was headed to Mekong and happens to stop by but am so glad I found it - The spicy pork buns were awesome !! I am sure I will be going back for more!
3	I first stumbled upon AA Bakery when I was looking around desperately to find my mom some "lo por baang" a a gift.  After a quick cry for help on my Facebook, I was directed here.  How did I not see this place sooner?  Anyways, AA Bakery has a wide array of Asian-style pastries, breads, and cakes for sale.  Their onion bread and custard buns are pretty decent but I don't really care for anything else.   The wife cakes I bought my mom tasted odd.  Granted, they had sooo much more flavors than just the traditional wintermelon and stuck everything in a pretty box but it wasn't flaky like the traditional wife cakes.  I didn't care much for it at all.While I don't see myself as a long-term customer to AA Bakery, there's so many other Asian-style bakeries in the valley that are better, I wouldn't hesitate to stop by if I'm in the area for some Hong Kong style egg tarts!
5	This is my second times here. They have a variety of breads and pastries. Every time I came in, I just couldn't make a decision since I would like to buy all their pastries lol.  I have tried their spicy pork turnover and that was amazing!!! It's flavorful! I would definitely recommend their turnover to everybody!
5	I love this place. It reminds me of an Asian Bakery back home in SF. This place has a lot of different Asian Pastries. My favorite is the pork buns. Or Siaopo(I hope I spelled that right).  When ever me and my g/f come here we always get a good amount of salty and savory and something sweet. We make sure we have enough also for breakfast the next day. Mmm...delicious. If you are ever around Mesa and close to Dobson. Head to Mekong and check out this Asian Bakery. the selections are great and the pastries and treats are delicious.
5	I give this 5 stars because I love bread. For all those breadies out there who dont like it too sweet this is a must try! The bolo bread and almond are my favorites so far.
3	A little nice bakery. Somewhat small. I have been to huge Asian bakeries with so many selections, but what they serve is good. Maybe a little too pricey for my opinion.But if you are looking for something delicious, this is the place. It's convenient if you are already in Mekong plaza. The food is fresh and it probably has something that suits your suite tooth.I personally like the hotdog and green onion pastry. haha. That's more of a savory pastry.
5	This place is good! Smells good, looks good, tastes good. Ask for samples, they're very generous. My favorites include the honey bread, yogurt bread, pork bun, and anything with coconut. (Honestly, I haven't tried much else but I'm sure whatever I tried would make my 'favorites' list.) To all my fellow bread lovers... You need to check this place out.
