4	Veterans Oasis Park is a nice oasis out in southeast Chandler.  There are several nice ponds with fishing, picnic shelters, paved and gravel trails as well as off trail hiking and a water feature.Part of the park is a hill rising perhaps 150 feet above the surrounding desert.  Near the top a stream erupts from the ground and flows down to the size able fishing pond.  This provides a nice place to cool your feet after a nice walk/hike or as I like to do, get a nice workout hopping from rock to rock up and down the length of the stream.
5	A gem of a park in Chandler! This park features an urban fishing lake, an Environmental Education Center, several trails, bird observation blinds, picnic ramadas, and water recharge areas that return reclaimed water back to the ground for future use. Recharge of water is done through several basins in the landscape which in turn support the development of riparian and wetland areas that attract wildlife. This makes the park a great place for nature lovers and bird watchers. Come here and hike, jog, ride your bike, go fishing (you must get a permit first, of course), observe native flora and wildlife, or have a picnic - all in a scenic, environmentally friendly and educational urban park.
5	This place is truly a hidden gem in Chandler! Inside the building they have tons of educational information and a really cool display of live indigenous animals. There are snakes, scorpions, lizards and more. Outside is really cool. They have miles of hiking trails and plenty of wildlife to watch. The have a large lake where you can fish (with the proper license of course). Don't have a fishing pole? No worries you can borrow one from the center. The staff is so knowledgeable and friendly. Go check this place out! You won't be disappointed!
5	Love this park! Great for small hikes, fishing with the kids and boot camp babes!
4	Hubby and I love this park for fishing. The waterfall is really nice to listen to also. There are 2 bathrooms and both have been clean every time I use them. My only complaint is the lack of shade on the bank. They should plant more trees next to the water.
5	SUCH a beautiful park. The first time I walked around 1) the lake 2) hiking trails I couldn't stop smiling. Probably looked like a cougar ready to pounce on her prey haha Went close to sunset so the colors of the skyline were amazing over the water. LOVED the natural beauty of the hiking trail and the wildlife animals that adorned it. Definitely recommend this place to visitors and residents. Family friendly, pet friendly, exercise friendly, and all of the above!
5	I don't know what's not to love about this park.  It really is an oasis in the middle of Chandler. Truly a sanctuary!   I came here for a Photo-shoot with a model and it was fantastic.  A lot of great areas to shoot up until after sunset.  I came out with some great shots, I particularly loved the waterfalls over the rocks.  I had no problem bringing my tripod reflector holder/stand.  There was tons of room and great light from 6-7:45pm I barely tapped the surface of this park as it is quite large! It was too hot to venture too far but I can imagine in cooler weather seeing more of it and making a whole day out of it with friends or family.  It seems great for a lot of things aside from those looking to fish, you can picnic there are several ramadas with grills.  You can bird watch, take photos, exercise, or just relax.  I didn't even venture to the nature center yet as I was on a photo shoot but I will certainly be going back soon! The best part is that it is free!The only negative thing I have to say about this place is be wary of the red ants, they seem to be quite ramped on the ground and some of the tables.  Watch yourself if you plan on sitting on the ground, I actually wouldn't.   I would bring folding chairs.  I won't take off stars for this because it's nothing the park could really do about it as it is a nature preserve.As with any place in Arizona make sure to bring a lot of water with you, one small bottle is just not enough!  A hat is also important and of course sun block and a snack.I posted two photos I took with my phone.
4	I finally made it to this park, and I have to say it is probably one of the nicest places I have been to in the Phoenix area.  There is a large lake that is stocked with fish, some pavilions for picnics, and lots of desert landscape with trails.  It is also a water recharge facility and an environmental education center, and which I think is a brilliant use of land.   There is a nice stream running through the park, and I even spied some wildlife, including jackrabbits and a hawk.    A really beautiful desert park.
4	Beautiful park for walking, fishing, picnicking, observing some wildlife.  There is no playground, so while there are big grassy areas where kids can run around, there's nothing for them to climb on, swing on, or slide down.
5	I love this park!  We are very lucky to have such a fantastic facility in Southeast Chandler.  It sits at the crossroads of Gilbert Rd and Chandler  Heights and a drive by might make you think it is nothing more than an desert area which house a police substation.  To drive in and actually walk the park, you would be surprised at the beauty hidden behind the "drive by". There is one main lake and several smaller ones.  There are acres of trails, both paved and gravel and there are many ramadas with lots of picnic tables.  You feel as though you have left the city and are out in the middle of a beautiful oasis.  While I have never fished here, people do often.  I know you do need to have the appropriate license to do so.  There is also a building that houses what seems to be an information and educational center regarding the park.  I always have my dogs with me so I have not gone into this yet, my curious it is getting the best of me though, so it is on my to do list.  I think this place would also be fantastic for family photos as well.  How lucky are we to have this in Chandler!
5	Veterans Oasis in Chandler is absolutely gorgeous. I come here often with my family to fish in the beautiful ponds and lakes. Aside from the gorgeous waters, the park offers clean, green landscaping blended with the desert view that is perfect for biking, walking, jogging and more. Even picnics are perfect here.
