4	West-Siders, rejoice! The name is Filipino, the signage is in uhhhh Japanese (?), and the contents are Vietnamese and Thai. Manila Supermarket has it all!Actually the goods are *primarily* Vietnamese and Thai. But Japan, China, even the Caribbean and India are represented. And not only are there dry goods, but there is also a sort of pharmacy, there is fresh meat and seafood (some swimming in the tanks), a mini electronics store, and a lunch counter.The produce section is  bit small, but has fresh thai basil, kaffir lime leaves, japanese eggplant, bitter melon, persimmons, weird banana varieties, and all kinds of other fantastic ingredients. If you're adventurous (or masochistic) you'll find the durian in the freezer.All I needed was some lychees, but I also picked up a jar of sambal olek, furikake, and some unidentifiable baked goods for dinner. They turned out to be something like shrimp hush puppies, and bean mochi. Grand total: $7.36!I dig this place with a backhoe, baby!
4	It is small place, yet it has all the popular item form the pacific rim and South Asia. Price is very reasonable. They have live sea food - swimming in a tank.
3	Update: Manila Supermarket and the Filipino restaurant inside it closed permanently on Monday, May 18, 2009. This recession is really wreaking havoc on business establishments, and on our pocketbooks as more and more budget-friendly establishments fold. My previous review:I was saddened by the demise of the Philippine Asian Seafood Market on West Bell Rd., since that is where I used to buy stuff for Filipino dishes that I cook (rather infrequently, as other ethnic cuisines are easier to prepare).  But then I discovered Manila Supermarket after seeing an ad in an Asian newspaper. It turns out that they have a greater selection of Filipino (and other Asian) goods, at prices that are easy on the budget. As an added bonus, tucked away at the far end of the supermarket (really hidden from view unless you go to the far end of the establishment, to the left after you enter) is a Filipino restaurant, serving authentic Filipino dishes "turo-turo style" - meaning, they are displayed in hot trays and you just point to the entrees you want to have with your rice. The servings are generous and cheap -- a meal consisting of rice and 1 entree costs 4 bucks, and a 2-entree combo with rice costs just 5 bucks. Don't expect a fancy setting, though. It really is like dining in a restaurant in a market area in Manila. And typical of a lot of Filipino restaurants in the U.S., they close really early, at 6 PM for this establishment. You'll have to go next door to the Asian Bistro to get Filipino food after 6 PM.
4	Update, update, update......They are closed
3	The store has re-opened under the name: "Phoenix Oriental Market". I am really glad I found this place. I'm new to Phoenix and previuosly thought the closest Asian market was way over on 75th and Cactus.
