4	Retro Ranch (aka Retro Redux) is my go-to place for fun, retro finds.  While they may not have the depth or quality of MCM classic and brand name furniture of places like metro Retro or Red Modern, they do have lots of cool and fun 'off-label' mid century furniture for the 1940s through the 80s that you won't find at the other stores.  They also have a stellar selection of period art, clothing, magazines, home/kitchen accessories and tchotchkes for those who dig the vintage vibe.  Their inventory changes regularly, so be sure to return if you didn't find what you were looking for the first time.The store is are under new ownership/management and is now called Retro Ranch. Not too much change in type and style of inventory, but the store seems better organized and the 'head wrangler,' Indigo Nielsen is outgoing and helpful, making it a bit more enjoyable place to pursue than it's past incarnation.
3	I never go for vintage clothes, but I love all the other stuff they sell.  It's an affordable shop if you love vintage furniture, dishes, and accessories.
3	This place is okay.  It isn't a whole lot different under its new ownership.  Lots of clothes, lots of stuff, but most of it is very color and period specific.  There are very few decent salvage finds in this shop.  I would say that a majority of the stuff in here is mid 70s to early 80s which, at least to me, isn't exactly a period one would strive to recreate.
3	This place has taken a step up since the new ownership took over. More selection, better prices, and most importantly - friendlier service. You can find a decent selection of mid-century furniture at decent prices and some fun little trinkets. My one complaint about the trinkets is they tend to forget to take the price tags off from the thrift stores they got them from. So you feel like a tool paying $7 for something they got at Good Will for .99 cents. If you visited during the Retro Redux phase and were turned off by the lack of inventory or the lazy, snobby staff, its definitely worth checking out again because it is significantly better now.
5	I am completely in love with Retro Ranch. I recently re-visited them and was overwelmed at their new LARGER and more AFFORDABLE selection. Sure, I could scrimmage around town and attempt to find great vintage items at local Goodwills, but gosh darn it who has the time?! Or energy?! They have great household items and furnishings and prices that are cheaper than Ikea (and original era items not inspirations). The staff was extremely friendly and the environment was overall comfortable to shop in. I was shocked at how low the prices were, and can be sure I will be re-visiting this charming store :)
5	I think this place is great!  I can always find something fun in here.  I've gotten a ton of clothes and stuff for my house. I always find something new when I go in.  Great selection and great prices.
4	The selection can vary greatly, but I got a terrific deal here on a pair of gorgeous chairs at a VERY good price. Delivery was sort of a joke (I did the work but wound up paying nominally for it), but the low price on my chairs made up for it. I always stop in, and am waiting for another treasure to emerge. If you're looking for some high quality, mid-century furniture, you must stop in at Retro Ranch. Indigo will hook you up.
4	variety variety variety and more variety at reasonable prices with very friendly and informative staff.clothes / mid-century modern assortment of furniture and such / trinkets / randoms / kitchen things / art.... and a few wonderful oddities.   I bought two antique small oil cans.  FUN PLACE
4	Lots of fascinating items fill the space (retro clothing, furniture, and stereo equipment to name a few) to keep you busy. Might be best if you're not on a mission to purchase something in particular, because the outrageously oversized cat-eye specs hanging from the ceiling may distract you from your goal. The owner is kind and engaging.
5	I am a big fan of this place, either to stop in on a slow Sunday just to see what they have.  Their stock rotates pretty frquently so always new interesting things to find.  So far I've bought a vintage print, an awesome dress that I have received tons of compliments on, cool earrings, and some other kitchen items.  The staff are always friendly.  When you go, make sure you check out the Burt Reynolds beefcake poster they have behind the counter.Great strore!
5	I was doing the First Friday thing last night,and wandered in here.They had live entertainment to clebrate their 2 year anniversary.There was a good crowd and it soon became apparent why.The performer was Jackie Fontaine.Okay,I said "Who"?too.I have to tell you,this guy was fun,funny and kept a perfect pace.He was hosting a spin the wheel gme show where everyone who wanted to play got a chance and everyone who played won something.The store was much fun as well.If you like stuff from the 70's,this is the place for you.If you really need to replace your photo of a nude Burt Reynolds in repose,they have it here!Miss your Marsha Brady polyesther?Here.Going to the disco,need something to wear?Here.Feeling a little Twiggy and need that mod swing dress?Here.David Bowie reprising Diamond Dogs?Here.The prices were reasonable enough that I was able to afford two dresses.I will definitely be back!To Retro Ranch,congrats on your second anniversary!A major coup in this economy.Thankyou for throwing a party and bringing in talent that was PERFECT for the venue,and thankyou for inviting everyone in to be part of it.
3	Fun store with a small selection, mostly mid-century furniture and vintage clothing that's borderline costume.  Great place if you're looking for a unique gift or nick-knack.
5	This store has the coolest collection of retro treasures I have ever seen. I was in today to buy a Christmas gift for my mom and I had a hard time deciding what to get her because they have so many cool items. If I was refurnishing my apartment, I would go here to look for inspiration. I love this place and I wish I could just live in the store.
5	This store is so FUN!!!! We had a 70's party to go to, and this was our second stop in search of an authentic outfit..... We were so happy with what we found, there was no need to check out any other store (btw, there are a TON of vintage clothing shops in this area...)The staff was VERY helpful and friendly! I had no idea what I was doing, or what to look for, the girl there helped me out a lot by putting together like 10 outfits for me in only 2 minutes! I found my outfit after only trying on two of the 10 pieces she found for me...it was love at first sight! My husband found an outrages blue tuxedo, with a hot shirt to go with. We walked out happy as can be with Brady Bunch tunes in our head. :DBesides retro clothing, you will find some shoes (mostly womens, and not a huge selection) hats, bags, jewelry, furniture, and lots of odds and ends things.....It's fun to just browse around. (btw, prices are VERY reasonable!)Oh, after you visit Retro Ranch, don't forget to stop at Lux, just around the corner, to celebrate your far out finds!
5	Ok you need a awesome party outfit this is the place to go!!! Looking for something different in your living room, bedroom, or office this place it amazing!! The prices are great too!
5	My wife and I were in Phoenix for the weekend and had a wonderful time touring the Melrose District. Retro Ranch has so many mid-century treasures that we were tempted to fork over the gas money it would take to return to San Diego. Lamps, stereos, clothing--some of which would actually take a time machine to find otherwise.Not only that, but the woman who helped us was kind and very, very well informed with respect to her inventory and its value. Great shop--looking forward to visiting again next month. Maybe they'll let us stay in favor of a hotel?
4	So fun! Love this place!
4	This is a required stop when antiquing along Melrose.  I've found so many knick-knacks here to accent our place from old magazines, vintage bowls, and a chair. I've run across so many items from my childhood here.  There is enough vintage clothing for hipsters to stock up or do a little Halloween planning.
4	This place is CRAZY!  And I mean that in the best way possible.  What a cool, hip eclectic collection of merchandise for your home or your wardrobe.  What I like about this place is that it is a vintage shop, but there is definitely a theme in the items that they carry, everything seems to just make sense.  One of the window displays inspired an entire project that I worked on, so I am a big fan.  The staff is very helpful but chill at the same time, you may not get what I mean unless you go in there and experience this place for yourself... which of course I am recommending you do.
5	Do a little dance- make a lil love - get down to Retro Ranch Tonight...or uh er today! This store has definitive vintage items that is sure to satisfy the old soul that dwells from within! Clothes, Furniture, Shoes, Accessories, Books...There's so much to list, you'll have to take my word for it & shake yer booty down to the Melrose District!
4	Did your parents or grandparents have the olive green, gold or orange shag rug decorating bug? If so, to this day you probably either love it or truly Hate IT, right? Do you wish that the gold refrigerator was still around? What about that long low olive green couch that looked like it came out of Graceland? And that really thick shag carpeting that you swear your little puppy would get lost in?Well, have I got good news for you! Retro Ranch bought a bunch of your grandmother's old decorations and furniture! And even better, you can buy them back and recreate the look and feel (and probably the smells) of that little bungalow that you remember from your childhood. Only problem is that it is now the Retro Look, so the price tag has gone up a tad from when your Maw-Maw and Pa-Pa bought those pieces new. But what's price when memories are involved? And if you can't afford it, just head down to Retro Ranch for a little of that warm cozy feel  . . . there's lots to browse . . . and perhaps you will find one small piece of nostalgia that will bring back those memories without filling your house with them.  http://www.retroranch.net
5	I love this store.  The vintage clothing is supreme.  Heavy in theater quality pieces, so for me I love it because I love bling.  For men and women the clothes picked are beautiful and have glam.  They are concentrated in the 60's and 70's.  I love the time periods they cover, and each item is in impecable shape.  I have noticed when they have had bathing suits, they will carry items that are very rare, and very popular, the 60's mod, the bondgirl bikini, the gidget era styles.  Now beyond the clothing, the store has a very wide selection of vintage housewares, furniture, and luggage.  They have AMAZING decorative items, and the items are very modern, and in great shape.  A must.
5	Sitting in Hotel Valley Ho as 'Bye Bye Birdie' plays in the background. Surveying the treasure trove taken from the Ranch this morning: two mid-century modest wall prints; similar 'vase-like' 3d art; a manners book dating back to the mid-60s; a metal A+W thermos with glass insert; and some weird little ice crushing spoon.My parents never bought Eames--but Eames like. For those of us who made it through the 1960s and 1970s, Retro Ranch offers the pungent odor of our collective pasts. The ashtrays and 'I Dream of Jeannie' decanters. Owls and umber uber alles. Cats eyes and bars for ties. Such is the stuff of our dreams and a unique opportunity to go home again. Mid-century modest, huzzah!
5	Whatever it is that you're looking for in an antique store, Retro Ranch has it. From clothes, to furniture, to art, to books...you get the idea. Coming from an avid shopper, and someone who LOVES antiquing, go here. Seriously. It almost feels as though you walk into a corner and you've been transported to some time in the past. The displays are inviting and organized. The store is clean and has flow. I could rant and rave all day about this place (and it's staff!!) but I think I should let it speak for itself. Overall, if you love antiques, you'll LOVE Retro Ranch.
5	I had my Baby with me when I went, so I didn't have too much time to explore. What I saw made me happy, happy, happy! Looking forward to going back! Already recommend this place to friends who share my love of retro style!....... Oh and the girl who was working the day I went it was REALLY NICE! Makes it so much more enjoyable when the staff is personable and helpful!!!!! Very welcoming!
4	Great selection of some awesome vintage pieces. Very friendly staff. They even have some fun holiday sweaters for those trendy "ugly" sweater parties.
5	Must stop when I'm in Phoenix! I always find something amazing and at an affordable price:)
5	OMG...I found the most gorgeous, red 1940's/50's jacket I've ever seen...and yes, I bought it!  It was soooooo inexpensive.  If it was new, on the rack, it would cost hundreds.  What a fantastic buy.  The lady who worked there was wonderful, friendly and helpful.  They have great furniture, a few books, nice glassware, and the list goes on.  Madmen?  uh, yeah!  I highly recommend a visit here, you'll find some unique pieces.
5	Found some great green vinyl chairs from the 70's and an awesome painting for above my bed. The fall working behind the counter was extremely helpful and pleasant.
4	Would have rated five stars, but prices can be inconsistently high On seemingly similar items. Great vintage clothing selection! I have gotten a few of my favorite dresses here, but like any vintage clothing, the sizing can run much smaller so be sure to try it on. Staff is friendly and most appreciated, not up your butt when you are shopping. They are happy to help when asked. Great little store with unique mid-century goodies of all ilk. Just like I like it! :)
4	Wonderfully fun store!
4	This place is a blast from the past.  Lots of fun stuff to poke around at but priced fairly high.
