4	I know, I know... but trust me here....They said 35 minutes.  It was 15.3 pizzas and a side, 2 special orders.  They got everything right though the "extra sauce" was debatable.The pizza was hot.  Actually hot.  The delivery guy was nice AND polite.  But finally - this freaking Philly Cheese-steak Pizza is freaking amazing! SOOOO good!  It's limited time only, which sucks.  But order it at least once every time they offer it.  It is so bad for me, but tastes SO good.
1	If it weren't for Yelp making me give it at least 1 Star, this place would get ZERO, that's right, ZERO stars.  I have had one bad experience after another with these guys.  The pizza is great, IF you ever receive it after they tell you it will be a 30-min. delivery, then you call back after 1hour and they tell you "the driver is on his way", then you call back after another half hour and they can not locate your order... WTF???? have you ever heard of a COMPUTER system where you LOG orders when people call????  I know, what a fantastically high-tech concept but then maybe people would get the pizza they ordered.  I am finally writing this review because i just had the same experience at a Domino's in Phoenix ( I live in San Fran and usually order from there), (COULDN'T BELIEVE IT), so this seems to be a widespread problem.  I will never again give Domino's my business.
3	I have to agree with Kristin on this one - she pretty much said it all. This Domino's is fast, employs really friendly delivery men, and always delivers the food hot. Plus, they have online delivery, which is super easy and convenient - when you place their order, there's an online tracking system that lets you know when your order has been processed, your pizza is in the oven, and when the delivery guy is leaving  the store and heading to you. Of course, there is better pizza elsewhere, but South Phoenix doesn't have many good delivery options (even for the ever-popular pizza), and this Domino's great service and fresh, hot pizza makes it a pretty good option where cooking or going out aren't desirable or possible.
3	You know what I love best about Domino's?  You can order your pizza online!  Then you can watch it go through the process of prepping, cooking, packaging, delivering.  I find it fascinating :)
3	It isn't like we all don't know how a Domino's Pizza tastes.  Meh...But when you are even too lazy to get up from the computer to order a pizza (assuming the phone is out of reach), the online deliver works excellent.  I'm a bad person for accepting convenience over taste, but sometimes one must only think of themselves.
2	We didn't order from this Domino's.   Southwest Airlines ordered for us and about 100+ other passengers that were stuck at the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport for about 5-6 hours.  I believe they ordered 75-80 pizzas and it did turn out to be enough to feed all of us.   When the Domino's people showed up, some were ready to hug them, cause they were hungry.  And I will admit I was one of them.   We had so much weight in carry on luggage that trying to go get food was difficult, so what was offered free by Southwest was welcome.     I believe they sent 4 employees and used an airport cart to bring all the pizzas in.  The pizzas were not very hot, just lukewarm and that's no surprise as I don't think their ovens can rotate over 20 large pizzas at a time and we as a group had at least 3 or 4 times that many.   The pizza also had that signature cardboard smell and taste of the dominos boxes, but at the time it was so damn good.    They didn't bring enough cheese packets and no red pepper, but there were enough napkins, people were very civil in line and we had enough to eat for hours.   It was even still acceptable after it was cold as room temp.   And anyone that has ever been in college knows that room temp pizza is just fine.   ;)
1	This is the Domino's that destiny (and my zip code) has assigned me in Phoenix for the past 1.5 years, and like any relationship, we've had our ups and downs. Sometimes things work smoothly, as they should, and other times, not so much. I've seen employees come in from a smoke break and start touching food without washing their hands; I've had delivery show up on time but still somehow warm or cold-ish; and I will bet money that if you call them, regardless of what time of day it is, you will get put on hold. However, my most recent call to them will also be my last. Instead of being greeted by a polite, knowledgeable employee, I was accosted by an angry Latino man whose tone implied I was wasting his time...by calling his job... where he works... to give them money... Aside from his apparent agitation at the mere thought of customer service, he also didn't know the standard ordering procedure that every other Domino's employee throughout my entire life has parroted precisely. Normally, he'd ask a series of questions that would allow me to quickly and easily place my order, but instead he just said, "You want a pizza, huh? What kind? Like toppings and stuff?"Yes, sir, like toppings and stuff.So, I've come to the conclusion that this store is, even as I write this, being robbed. That was not an actual Domino's employee I encountered, but rather the robber pretending to be one (Fact: this sort of thing happens all the time, as seen in countless movies). I would call the police, but as I'm leaving Phoenix shortly, forever, this criminal and the subpar Domino's he works out, however temporarily, will be out of my life for good.
5	I must say.... they deserve 5 stars for the improvement over their old pizza of years past. The pan pizza was restaurant quality, cheap, and delivered to my door. What more can I ask for?
5	Today I took the time to read all the reviews for this particular Domino's restaurant. I'm sad to find that some people have had bad experiences. I have been very lucky! The online ordering system allows me to track my food and it comes delivered piping hot and delicious. I've never visited the restaurant and can only assume they meet health code. They have never been mentioned on Dirty Dining, so I'm happy with that. Luis and Erasmo make delicious pizza and the two delivery men have always been very polite. I have no complaints and am very happy with this Domino's Restaurant and how they take care of me.
1	Recently placed an order for delivery, upon my dinner being delivered by Jesus who was very pleasant I might add, I realized that my order was completely messed up. Missing sides that I had ordered but was charged for. To Jesus and he called the store, the girl on the phone told me it would be about 30-45minutes before the driver could bring it back out. I said never mind just take it off my order, she then hung up the phone on me. Definitely lost my business. Food may have changed but the customer service is a joke.
