4	I came here today on a whim since I really needed a pedicure.  I decided it was time try somewhere new, and this was the place.  Its located in a strip mall right off the light rail on Main Street.When I went in there was no one there!  It was just the owner lady and another man with her.  Thats fine, it is a scorching Sunday afternoon.  Maybe people are home watching TV??Anyways, lady was wonderful.  The entire Pedicure took aout an hour, and my feet look great.  The lady and the guy with her were hysterical.  They are both Vietnamese, and they were watching home videos of thier last trip back to Vietnam.  The man was in the video and he kept pointing himself out to me.   He was so funny!  He kept saying "this is me playing guitar!  This is where I sing!"  It was quite funny.Anyways, I will return in the future for more pedicures.
1	Apparently, you really do get what you pay for.My mother and I went to get our nails done for a night out. While hers came out perfectly fine, the man who did my nails probably didn't care about hygiene. Or safety. Or being professional or courteous. First, he started scraping my cuticles with his own nails. I let that go since it's happened to me in Mexico but I don't like it when it happens.However, the final straw was when he cut me- twice. On two separate fingers. Not even a little cut, which would be acceptable, but one was bleeding enough that the little bowl of water that you put your hand in was colored red. I jerked my hand away so that he could see what he did but all he muttered was a "tsk tsk" and kept going. Instead of listening to my gut instinct and saying "you know, I don't want the manicure anymore" I just stuck it out. I really wanted to like this place since it is so cheap ($8 for a manicure!!) but I will not go back. If the lady had done my nails then it would be a different story. I would file a complaint with the AZ cosmetology board, not because I am one of those who complain, but because this really was a bad cut. However, you need before and after photos and I do not have those since I don't expect to get my cuticles ripped out when I go get a manicure.
1	I had the same experience as Anabel A.in the previous review. The man used his nails to push my cuticles. He has a dirty towel under my hand with nail scraps on it from people before.. he used dirty tools.. he coughed in my face... it was gross.. i should have known better.never go here! i certainly wont.
1	I came here because I wanted to get a manicure, I like to get gel nails. As soon as I entered I was welcomed by the owners, I asked them if they do gel nails and they told me that yes, then I double checked: do you do gel nails? UV gel nails? They confirmed.I sat and a woman started working on my natural nails to prepared them, then she took a little jar with powder and I told her, I don want acrylic nails. I want gel nails, the whole nails made of gel. She told me that that powder was the gel.C'MON!!!!! I told her that when I got my nails done in CA the technician didn't use a powder, so she realized that I knew what I was talking about and told me the truth, that she does acrylic first and gel on top... since I was already in "manicure-mood" I accepted to continue with the acrylics... When she finished doing my acrylics she painted them with a color of my choice, and then added a coat o shine. NOT GEL!she made me put my hands into the UV lamp to continue trying to trick me.At the end I was so P.O. that I just wanted to get out of that place. (she made me a "discount" over the price of a full set of acrylics) So this is a very affordable place to get your acrylics, unfortunately I didn't want acrylics and I didn't want to be treated as a fool.
1	Unless you want thin, uneven, chipped lumpy gel nails....shoot yourself!! I wouldn't EVER go back. I demanded a refund and took my money right across the street for better quality work!! Plus the old asian lady told me to dont use acrylic nails cause men dont like fake, they like natural?? Lol uuhh what!! Ok whatever!! BAD SERVICE!
