2	It's 8:45 pm on a Friday night and my daughter who's never had an asthma attack - ever - suddenly can't breathe. Urgent care is open for another 15 minutes so we rushed out our door and into theirs within 5 minutes. Once we found the place, I was surprised by how nicely decorated it was. Clean and cheerful. Seemed more like a physicians private practice office than a late night urgent care - it is for this reason I am giving it a star. I know we walked in at the last minute and I get that they want to go home but I have a little girl that can't breathe!!! They are dead silent - hand me paperwork and honestly didn't say a word. The girl that called us back and took her vitals - equally rude. They both acted so put out. The doctor was very nice - a woman - very sweet to my daughter. This is why they get the second star. She had the breathing treatment and we are on our way in a few minutes. I won't come back - I'd probably go to the ER if I had to choose between the two.
5	They took my insurance and kindly agreed to bill for copay. The dr was fast, friendly and to the point. He valued my opinion in my care. We discussed meds and work. Even offered to fill meds in office, although my insurance is a bit better deal. I will be back for medical needs!
5	I was seen here on a Saturday afternoon. The visit was quick, I was in and out the door in under an hour. the doctor who I saw was absolutely amazing, understanding and and attentive! I'll definitely be using only this urgent care in the future.
5	Traveling thru visiting family and got super sick. Staff was awesome and took care of my quickly. I was able to get all my scripts there which was super convenient. Hate being sick but love the superior service I received just now!
5	This place is our hidden gem.  As a working professional couple with two kids and very busy schedules it's nice to have a place that is near our house that is very good with customer service getting is in last minute working around our schedule instead of having to wait for the next available appointment at primary care physician.
5	I am very satisfied with the level of care I received. The PA-C was professional, warm, and thorough. The nurse was efficient. The receptionist was the only drawback. She was neither friendly nor helpful. Not unpleasant, just not warm and not in any hurry. She never communicated other than saying Good Morning in a monotone voice. I really liked the convenience of the in-house pharmacy. Overall, a positive experience and I would visit them again.
3	Glad they have X-ray machines. Weak that they only look at the pictures and not the patient.
1	Went in because I saw the office had some pretty nice reviews and it's close to my house. I was having breathing problems that was causing me back pain. I don't have insurance because I'm a bartender so the visit was $125. After asking just a few questions the doctor told me it was a muscle spasm, acted as though she undeniably felt it, prescribed me muscle relaxers & sent me on my way. I left unsure of her diagnosis and did what she told me to do, as the day passed, it only got worse. Meds did absolutely nothing. The next morning the pain shifted to the front, it was unbearable and I had even more trouble breathing. I called in and the front desk girl said I'd have to pay another evaluation fee of $125, even though it's the same issue I was there for less than 24 hours ago? I asked to speak with a doctor or nurse and she put the nurse on the phone, he said there was nothing they could do about the fee and I'd have to pay for the X-ray as well which I expected. I went in and he sat on top of the desk while I stood in the lobby, asked me where the pain was and without even listening to my lungs or considering the X-ray he said "You need to go get a CT." Wouldn't you do the X-ray before the CT? Plus, I DONT HAVE INSURANCE which is why I was there in the first place. I ended up going to the emergency room and had a real doctor who actually gave a sh*t help me out, which I should've done in the first place. Highly unsatisfied with this office, will not return, ever.
2	This place is not so great.  The nurse practitioner spent no more than one minute with me and prescribed something that didn't even work and I ended up gong to ENT a month later for the same issue that had turned into a chronic issue.  They're also trying to sell some kinda weight loss program that is not covered by the insurance.
5	Just moved from CA and developed a sinus infection after having the flu.  Came here since I have no doctor in the area yet, and had an excellent experience.  From the incredible receptionist, to the nurse practitioner who took my vitals and finally to Joy the PA who tended to me. They all were so sympathetic yet professional, listened and addressed all my concerns and needs.  I had another assistant administer a shot and he made sure I was okay afterwards and monitored for any reaction.  I am so glad I went here for help.  They are amazing and I will not hesitate returning here when the need arises.  Not any time soon, I hope!  :)  PS - I waited maybe 5-10 mins. max!  I was the only one when I arrived. WOW!  Love it! Thank you Urgent Care Extra Staff!
4	Had a deep knife cut on a finger.  The Physician Assistant, Chantelle, and Medical Tech, Mark,  were personable, competent, efficient and caring......had a couple of stitches that were expertly applied and a tetanus shot.The receptionist was new and not up to speed which took far longer than its should.  She tried hard but was clearly learning.  Otherwise a 5
