3	Bella Italia seem to have been around for eternity. While more modern twists have been applied to the Italian restaurant, Bella has simply stuck to its original brief.Expect all the usual Italian fare and with a standard level of polish. They often do a pizza/wine combo which is always there to coax the punters in, but it's just not an establishment that tempts me over the likes of Pizza Express.This particular branch seems to be too busy most of the time and thus I often wander straight past.
5	The other worldly pleasure that is a meal at Bella Italia!I've eaten here quite a few times, and for an extremely busy restaurant, which also happens to be a chain, I'm repeatedly surprised by the quality of the food!Bella Italia has two branches in Edinburgh, one at Northbridge, and my personal favourite at Hanover. Technically, there's no noticeable difference between the two branches; I'd even say the one at Northbridge looks nicer,  and has some pleasant outdoor seating for those few and cherished days when the sun shines in Edinburgh (jokes jokes...)For some reason, I've repeatedly trekked all the way to Princes street, turned on to Hanover, and treated myself to the greatest pizzas and desserts! I've eaten here because I was bored, for a break from shopping, and then for my 19th birthday dinner! Service is great, and on one occasion, my pizza was diligently replaced (after I'd devoured half of it) when the waitress realized an ingredient was missing from my order. More pizza for me, so I wasn't complaining!I would definitely recommend Bella for just about every dining occasion; dinner with friends, a large group, a date.. and they're also very affordable. The banoffee pie should not go untasted! As I've written this, I'm quite tempted to head back real soon; I even managed to score a free umbrella from a member of staff last December, so I definitely feel appreciated as well!
2	Wanted to try Italian when in Edinburgh. In fact my wife was more keen for it. Bella Italia has a good reputation so was our first choice. Choose the Royal Mile branch and went in with my family including my 1 yr old kid. After ordering had to wait for almost 1 hour to get our food as it seems the kitchen had collapsed due to untimely exit of the chef for some personal problems. That's fine as it can happen to anyone. The only reason I am giving this low score is cause we were not informed about this and they kept us waiting. And one can understand to wait so long with a 1 yr kid.  It was almost 1 hr after we came to know and the manager was no where to be seen. Food was good and can give 3 star for that. But not pleased at all with service. Next time if I ever go will ask waiting time first and then order. I never expect this from such a reputed restaurant. No one would I assume.
4	Stopped in for a late lunch after a morning of sightseeing.  It was an odd hour for lunch (2:30) but the service was good.  Food was ok, not the greatest Italian I've ever had but hot and it came fast and was served with a smile, and reasonably priced, so I can't complain.
3	In need of a quick bite to eat and a glass of wine on Hanover St, my friend and I stopped by Bella Italia. We only had an hour, and thankfully didn't have to wait too long before being seated. Probably due to not have a reservation, we had the furthest away possible table upstairs next to the toilets... woo!I ordered Pollo alla Crema, having had it a few years before and remembering it to be pretty tasty. It wasn't great, the pasta in particular, but edible and I was really hungry. My friend's bruschetta looked good though and a very geneous portion. The wines by the glass aren't cheap, but the house white I had was perfectly okay.The service was good though, or at least it was quick! We were in a hurry, but luckily didn't have to wait too long to be served or for food.I wouldn't recommend Bella Italia, it's chain dining at its most mediocre, but it's serviceable.
3	I've got to admit, I am a total snob about food and if you gave me a choice, you wouldn't see me in Bella Italia. But - it was my nephew's 21st. and his choice of establishment - can't be letting the side down now, can we?!Something that always makes me nervous is a menu the size of a small encyclopaedia, which is the case with Bella Italia - but the goats cheese salad that I shared, and the sea bass that the SR had couldn't be faulted - both pleasant and well presented. In fact, everyone around our table, down to the most pickiest of eaters, all enjoyed our meals. Last but not least, we had the customary surprise cake delivery for my nephew, with cake plates and forks duly handed around. Bella Italia - it does what it says on the tin, but at least it does it well.
