2	Amigos Tacos is in the same strip mall as the Cracked Egg off of Rainbow. They've been open for a while and I finally decided to check them out. I was feeling really hungry so I opted for 3 carnitas tacos. The price for each one was about $2.60. They're served on larger 6 inch tortillas (not the really small street taco tortillas) with the meat piled on, along with onions, cilantro, tomatoes, and guacamole. The guac wasn't fresh. It was looking a little brown so I scraped a lot of it off. I was expecting the carnitas to have a "pulled pork" look and texture but it was just diced up pieces of pork. It tasted ok, but again not the tender, succulent pulled pork I was hoping for. You do get a lot of food for the price, but with so many other taco shops around town I doubt I'll be back.
1	Amigos Tacos is a complete disappointment.  I blame late-night alcohol for the fact that I have eaten here more than once.It's a taqueria in the same vein as Roberto's (i.e. hole in the wall, "gas station" Mexican food restaurant).  But while Roberto's does a mediocre to decent job with fast food Mexican, Amigos Tacos fails.The SW area around S Rainbow and 215 has an appalling lack of Mexican restaurants, so in my laziness, I have eaten here a fair amount.  And I can sum up the menu with the phrase " grease on top of grease".  The cheese is greasy as hell and the meat dishes magically combine lack of taste and grease.  Beyond that failure, there is very little fresh food is served at Amigos.  The guacamole always seems 1-2 days old and tomatoes are bland. And while I might have been expecting too much in wanting fresh ingredients, it's not too much to ask for a taqueria to use quality chicken and steak in their dishes.  Amigos uses shredded beef and chicken in their enchiladas and both are flavorless, tough and downright depressing.  And the go-to dish of carne asada?  The flank steak they use tastes like it's been sitting out for two days.There's a reason that Chipotle and Qdoba are building more restaurants in Vegas.  Taquerias like Amigos Tacos make the corporate chains seem delicious.
5	I've been eating at Amigos (both locations) for years now.  I know Roberto's has more locations, but Amigos is far superior.  Whether late night, or there on a lunch break, they are always great.  Personally, I'm addicted to their red salsa.  I've never had a bad meal there.
5	They use fresh ingredients cooked right in front of you.  Very friendly and you get a ton of food for the $.  One order of nachos is enough for dinner for both my wife and I.
5	Amigos has some really delicious food! They have a friendly staff and have a variety of food you can choose from.Their food is really delicious and I'm not going to say that it is super healthy but you can edit your order to make it healthier if you would like. Their california burrito is really delicious as well has their tacos and other burritos, especially their breakfast burrito. Highly recommended!
2	Good food if you can get the staff to understand English and hear over the Spanish channel they have blasting in the back ground. I suggest taking your food to go.
4	Great, fast, taco joint. Nothing super catchy on the menu, looked the same as any other taco stop but the food was awesome. Super fresh, you see them making every part of your meal, super clean restaurant.
2	These type of taquerias are a dime a dozen in Las Vegas, but I wanted to stray away from my usual places to try something different.  Unfortunately, I didn't find the jewel I was expecting.  The carne asada nachos were "over the top," but the grease under the chips was ridiculous.  Not that I was expecting healthy fare, but it would have been nice to have had the chips patted down a little bit.  Had to rely on my table top for that task.  Gross.
