5	Coo Coo's is the best place to get anything! Their coffee in any form is better'n starbux! Their food is awesome I think Ive had close to everything on the menu Cuban Sandwich, subs, Breakfast bagel san. its all so delicious and the help is nice! Even the owner is nice can I say it in how many ways, GO!
4	I was so excited to find a place to get a coconut italian soda less than a mile from my house. I was blown away when I found out how big the large was and that it was under $3. This place is fantastic. Also check out their menu-- full of smoothies, espresso drinks, and sandwiches. Water Street needed an independent coffee shop like this.
5	The california is the best sandwich in vegas, turkey, avacado,sprouts, bacon and mayo on a french roll with chips and a cookie!? its a good day when i can have this sandwich.
3	After picking up some baked goods at Chef Fleming's Bake Shop, I needed something tasty to drink. My husband had mentioned this coffee shop but I had yet to try it so I decided to stop in for a smoothie or an iced coffee...As I pulled up to COO Coo's, I noticed the window said they sold bubble tea. Bubble tea in Henderson?!?!? I was so excited I almost forgot to turn my car off. I decided to order a honeydew bubble tea, which was more like a smoothie with boba.  I went with a large which was a HUGE cup for $5, I want to love this place, I want it to be my new go to place for bubble tea but sadly it seems this is not what they do best. The boba was kind of mushy, and for the size of the cup I expected more of them.I am giving COO Coo's 3 stars because my drink was somewhat disappointing, but I do plan on stopping in again soon to try something else. They open at 6 am on weekdays, making them pretty convenient for a pre-work coffee stop.
4	Adding a star after my second visit. I found a coupon for $1 off a drink in the Henderson paper, so I decided to give Coo Coo's another try today. Service with a smile is always nice, but when it's at 6:30 am it's even nicer then normal. I gave the cashier my coupon and asked for a recommendation. I was told that the Funky Monkey Frappe was the specialty so that is what I went with. I got the small (20 oz), after my coupon my total was just over $3. WAY cheaper then Starbucks!The Funky Monkey Frappe is a blended mocha frappe with a banana added, complete with whipped cream and sprinkles on top. It's like a combination between a smoothie and a frappuccino. I can see why this is the specialty. I will be back, even if I don't have a coupon.
3	This is one of those obscure places in Downtown Henderson you wouldn't even knew existed unless you heard otherwise, or drove right past. After having driven past this place for years, I finally decided to go on in and give the place a whirl.I have to say, I have mixed feelings about the place. I had to try one of their malts, being that I'm a slave to the world of ice cream. The malt itself was to die for, but for a large malt it cost nearly $6! Normally I'd consider this outrageous, but considering it was so good I can't really complain. Anyone who has seen Pulp Fiction and recalls that "Five Dollar Milkshake" argument between John Travolta and Uma Thurman's characters - the products here bring that argument to life - overpriced, but so damn good you can't resist.In addition to dessert-style treats, there are a variety of more traditional food items. I haven't really had a chance to explore these too in-depth yet, but what little I have tried has been very good.If I have one major complaint about the place (other than the prices), it's the fact that this is, apparently, a one-man operation. The owner is friendly, but sometimes one person just isn't enough. When I came in last time he was busy making an item for the person that was there ahead of me, and said he would "be right with me." I stood there for FIVE MINUTES, with no one in front of me in line (besides the person he was making the items for) before I got waited on. I'm serious. PLEASE hire at least one more person. It would make a world of difference.If you're in the neighborhood, stop into this place and be pleasantly surprised, just keep your expectations in check. The consumables available here are to die for.... just be prepared to wait a while and pay a little more than you might at other places.
5	Decided I needed a caffeinated refreshment to make my drive back to Summerland. Popped in to Coo Coos and the choices were abundant. They offer approximately 12 sugar free flavors in addition to the 15-20 sugary ones. Thumbs up for options! The guy was friendly. I was there a grand total of 2 minutes before I got my sugar free brown sugar cinnamon ice blended latte. Served in a big cup with cinnamon sprinkled on top $4.53. Really cute place!
5	Such a fun secluded spot for a cafe!! Hidden little gem!!!! BF had a Italian sub and i had tuna sub on french roll FANTASTIC!!!! and the Bouncing Brit drink was SOOOOO GOOD!!!!! Can't wait to go back!!! Super excited now that we know its there!!!!
5	I just love this little sandwich shop located next door to a cute used bookstore.  The menu has breakfast and lunch items as well as italian sodas, smoothies and Boco drinks.I had the California which I had in a wrap that included turkey, avacado, sprouts, bacon and mayo with fruit and a cookie.  It was very, very yummy!The owner is very nice.  They also deliver locally and you can either call your order in or fax it in to be delivered.
4	Adorable, quaint little jewel in the center of Water Street District. I'd much rather give this place my business than any corporate coffee company. The price was right, certainly not more expensive than Starbucks. A regular size flavored latte cost me $4.10, the same would cost me $4.27 at Starbucks. I'm happy with that. The flavors are endless here, they seem to carry every flavor Torani manufactures. :) My service was polite and to the point. Maybe it was the regulars eyeing me down when I walked in, or the lack of help I got trying to choose a flavor (you have to try to read the bottles, there isn't a list of flavors here), but I just didn't get the 5 star customer service here. Maybe I will get it the next time I come in, because I'm coming back for sure.
4	cute little hole in the wall place.pretty decent food for the prices, very friendly staff.a couple of coworkers and i frequented here often and still go on occasion for some italian sodas! they offer delivery, you can call ahead or you can walk right in. sometimes the wait times drag on but thats understandable considering theres hardly any room in there and the staff on hand is very minimum.i would highly recommend this place to someone looking for a quick reasonably priced meal!
4	Cute place.  I didn't expect it to be as good as it is, but the food is actually better than most other deli/cafe-type places around.
5	Paul and his staff are amazing! The food is never disappointing. The delivery service to Water St. businesses is so convenient! Coo Coo's is delicious!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	We were looking for a place that serves breakfast late while our vehicle was at the shop. We thought we'd check on Yelp to see what was recommended in Henderson. Coo Coo's is a cute little diner with excellent food and smiling staff and reasonable prices. We had the breakfast burrito and coffee. Another great thing about this place is that it is in the old part of Henderson, it seems like a small Nevada town up north. It felt like we were "away" somewhere. The old time movie posters and memorabilia added to the ambiance.
1	The name says it all folks - you'd have to be "coo-coo" to eat at this hole in the wall diner. The service was dismal - the ladies behind the counter could barely muster up a smile and a perfunctory greeting between the two of them. The food (breakfast) was just not right. The eggs were rubbery, the bacon definitely NOT applewood-smoked as stated on their website's menu, the croissants were sad & stale, and the butter was actually margarine with a cloying taste. We all agreed that everything just tasted "strange". I love diners, especially mom-and-pop establishments, but there are bound to be hit and misses. This was definitely a miss.
2	Cheap but food tasted weird. Would not go back.
5	I eat at coo coos regularly. Great food. Great service. Great local Small business. The california sandwich is the best! The blondie is great too.
3	Coo Coo's was an unexpected find that came about when I was hungry, short on time as I had a job interview to get to, and I didn't want heavy food. I took a chance on them, and have been pleasantly surprised as I've been back a couple times now. But I've waited to write this review as I'm still not sure what to think about this place. Service: The man behind the counter is the owner. And at first glance he can come across as...aloof, maybe a little intense. But once you get to talk to him he's not a bad guy. And after ordering if you sit close to the front and listen to him interact with the staff they seem to have a camaraderie in there that many places don't. Food: It's a cafe so it's really all about the food. And while I like the food, there's just something that's not quite perfect. I ordered a California yesterday: Fresh Avocado, Turkey, Smoked Bacon,Swiss, Sprouts, Tomato & Mayo. I chose the fruit cup and a drink which I'll get to in a second. The fruit was fresh cut, and good. But the sandwich was kinda ho-hum. The ingredients were good, but it just seemed to be missing something. And I felt the same way on my first visit with the food I ordered then. 2 visits, same impression, but I can't quite pin it down to tell everyone more than this. Drinks: Fountain Drinks are strong and good. But I've fallen for their coffee drinks. They use Illy coffee, so an Iced Mocha here is pretty good, and the price beats the socks off of Starbucks. Decor: This place is small. 6 tables at best. But along one wall they have games, and other things that would encourage someone outside of rush times to stay and linger a bit. Overall, I've been unsure of how to rate this place and the more I think about it...the more I just don't know. I honestly want to like it, to do my part to support small business and Water St / downtown Henderson places and yet I just can't write this and tell all of you to go jump on Coo Coo's bandwagon. Regretfully, 3 Stars. I'm not happy with this review but until I can figure it out, it's the best I can offer. The Black Cow Deli in Denver has a California wrap that seems to taste better, and that's the bar I'm measuring Coo Coo's with or so it seems.
3	Big BangHaving just returned several pounds heavier from vacation, I was starved for some breakfast.  My friend and I sifted through Yelp and found this gem.  Actually, we passed it a couple of times before we found it.  I swear if we weren't looking for it, we'd not have known it existed.I'm very excited to have found this little diner in downtown Hendo, and to support locally owned business.  I ordered a cup of coffee and simple petite platter, consisting of bacon, scrambled eggs, toast and fruit cup.  The coffee, to my surprise, was illy, which is my favorite brand of espresso grounds.  Definitely earned points with me.  My friend commented that it was on the strong side, while I thought it was a little weaker than my preference.  Don't get me wrong, I brew my coffee to be like oil and drink the sludge that comes out with the last pour, so when I say it's weak, take it with a packet of sugar,  The platter was generously sized, with a big smattering of eggs and a shit ton of bacon.  If you know me, the way to my stomach is to clog my arteries with bacon grease.  I swear there were about 6 pieces of bacon on my plate (maybe I looked like I could use a few more pounds).  Good thing, though, because the eggs were not very...tasty.  My mother in law adds milk to her eggs to make them fluffy, but these eggs seemed to have a bit too much.  Ketchup was required to make them more appetizing...hence deducting 2 stars.  The fruit cup was a nice touch, with orange slices, cantaloupe and grapes to offset the bacon fat.  Not necessary, but welcome in my belly.  Throw in the toast and you have a breakfast.  As a whole, this was a filling breakfast and did the job.  Sure, the eggs weren't all they were cracked up to be (sorry, I couldn't help but be punny), but when you consider that this entire meal cost just pennies over $7 per person after tax, you get quite a bang for your buck.
5	The perfect lunch spot.  Tiny, local, black and white tile floors, red seated chairs.  But the best part is that the food is fresh, fresh, fresh.  Second, it is always good. Third, you don't have to buy monster sized portions--they will reduce the portion size and the price.  When you get a sandwich you get a small chocolate chip cookie--just the size to sweeten the whole day.  You will always get a smile.  The Senor Pedro salad is fantastic with crisp bacon and the usual taco salad combination.  The turkey sandwich is perfect and there's a huge selection of salads, sandwiches, wraps, breads, beverages.  The breakfast menu looks great as well.  In this world of plastic food, mass produced, this place is a gem.
5	Best Chi in Henderson.  Their coffee is not bad either.  Very good place for lunch.
4	I love the charm of the businesses on or near Water St. I had a mad craving for some deli food and I scoured Yelp until I found this gem. I was thrilled when I saw that they delivered! Straight to my house came a friendly delivery girl, who I happily and hungrily greeted. I had an amazing sandwich full of avocado, turkey, and sprouts. I had an amazing iced coffee drink that mixed bananas and chocolate. I want to say it's called the Funky Monkey? My son also had a taste-packed sandwich but I can't recall what I ordered him as I was busy with my own luscious meal. (sorry kid, Mommy DOES love you..almost as much as she loves food)Since that first delivery experience, I've taken friends for smoothies and ice cream, and they appreciated the fact that there were many smoothie options not including dairy or soy, and with an array of fruit combos. Definitely my choice when I want a deli feel, with added perks of ice cream, smoothies, and coffee drinks to lust over. Even better? They dont mind showing up at my doorstep ready to hand over my food, even when I look like a crazed, caffeine deprived maniac.
4	You gotta love these locally owned cafes.  I sure do, especially when it's in Old Henderson. With a ton of coffee shops that boomed in the last 10 years like Starbucks and Coffee Bean, it's a breath of fresh air to see one of these older cafes still around.  Coo Coo's is definitely one of those hidden gems in the area.  Known for smoothies, coffee, deserts, and sandwiches.  It's actually their boba, that I came in for.  I was in the area and met up with T-Elite for a quick boba fix.  To be honest, I needed to break that "2:30 feeling". I had their Almond Smoothie w/Boba to do exactly that.  This treat was creamy and tasted exactly like almonds.  Imagine the initial taste of an Almond Roca.  Now imagine the taste and feel of boba immediately after that Almond Roca taste.  Well, that's exactly what you get here. Simply delicious!!There is a wide selection of different sandwiches that you can get here.  Coo Coo's is small and can house a couple of groups inside, but there's also seating outside.  I say take advantage when the weather is good and eat outside. I'm in this area at least once a month usually for work, the Henderson Police Department, and to visit both Wonder Twins (aka Alicia R and Terri R).  When in the area and if I'm in the mood for boba, I know Coo Coo's will be there to satisfy my cravings.
5	I've been a customer of Coo Coo's for years--literally.  I started working in Henderson in 1997 (I'm old) and ever since then, Paul and his crew have been serving up good food and great service.  Most of the City employees eat at Coo Coo's or have food delivered, from lattes to Funky Monkeys to bagels and sandwiches.  The restaurant is on the small side, but there's outside seating and I know when it's too busy to eat there.  I usually show up around 11:30am if I'm going to dine-in and order online first so Paul knows we're coming.  He'll reserve a booth for us so we have somewhere to sit.  My regular order is the Ocean Spray sandwich (turkey w/ cranberry dressing) or the Veggie Delight sandwich (alfalfa sprouts, cream cheese, tomatoes, cucumbers).  Coo Coo's also started serving boba drinks a few years back and I get my fix almost every other week.  Coo Coo's is a downtown Henderson institution and I appreciate all the years of food and friendly service Paul and his staff have served up.  We've gotten to know each other over all these years and I'm sure I'm not the only one--it's like Cheers without the alcohol.  Thanks for all you do, Coo Coo's--let's stay together.
1	Great service but food was like from a camping trip - powdered eggs, microwaved sausage patty, and Eggo waffles - no lie!
4	Great little place!Only about five tables, and a couple outside. The menu is mainly sandwiches, wraps and paninis but breakfasts are offered too, along with a variety of milkshakes, coffees and other blended drinks. Meal choices generally come with a side of potato salad, macaroni salad, chips or a small cup of fruit. I ordered the tuna salad panini - delicious! Their recipe includes pickles or some type of relish which really adds a nice tang. The sandwich also comes with cheddar cheese and tomato. My mum ordered a chicken cordon bleu sandwich which had fresh chicken, thickly sliced ham, Swiss and a light dijonnaise. Also delicious!I can't speak for the shakes and coffee drinks but I've heard from several people they are divine. Great little local place in downtown Henderson. I'll definitely be back!
4	Tried this place for lunch for the first time today. I had the California on a French roll. The food was great. My sandwich had turkey, bacon, fresh avocado, sprouts and mayo. The portions are large. Fast and friendly service. I will be eating here again soon!
5	My first experience was a pleasure! Very kind staff and area was clean. California to go! And of course a Monkey..it's everything they say.
4	Very nice to have what seemed like a homemade meal.  Excellent soup.  Enjoyed being able to sit outside and eat lunch.  Definitely not like all the pre made food you get from most restaurants in the Las Vegas area.
5	Their delivery service is one of the fastest I have seen!!!  Not to mention the delivery girls are all very nice :) The croissant breakfast sandwich is my favorite so far! YUM!
2	We found this hole in the wall spot and we were really excited. This place is tiny inside. You go to the counter, order and they bring the food to your table. They only have basic breakfast food and sandwiches. So if you're looking for burgers and fries, this isn't the place for you. The guy behind the counter was an older gentleman and not particularly friendly. So we got our food and ate. I will say, for what we got, it wasn't worth the $20 we spent. Rather overpriced in my opinion. The guy kept staring at us, no smile, nothing. Though the food was good, it's nothing I would return to Henderson for. The breakfast sandwich I ate was the same as a Jack n the Box breakfast sandwich. Milkshake was really good but I know we won't be returning.
1	The food is great but I can not stand the guy who is behind the counter taking orders and money. He never smiles, he has a horrible attitude and treats the employees likes slaves.I will never return to this place if this man is behind the counter. One day I went in to pick up carry out and the place was packed, there was not a seat available and of course the man with the horrible attitude is there being bashful and not welcoming at all. At this point Ive figured out that he is the owner, if you're the owner with an attitude like that please stay home and let the girls that work there run the place, at least they smile and are friendly, this guy needs an attitude adjustment!!!!!
5	Downtown Henderson.  I really liked this place. It's next to a bookstore, and what could be better than that. I am fuzzy on remembering the decor, but it's small and quaint. Nice extensive menu with breakfast stuff served all day - always a bonus to me! They had a little bit of outside seating as well, which is perfect in the current season before it gets too hot.I had a friend who was supposed to meet me, and unfortunately, I had forgotten my phone, and she had forgotten about lunch, so I was hanging around a bit. The owner, who has been termed as crusty or unfriendly, was very sweet to me, he even offered his phone so I could call my friend. Unfortunately, my memory loss kicked in and I couldn't remember her number. In the end, I ordered the Coo Coo's Super Bird Panini. To be my unusual self, I left off the Dijonnaise and Tomato, and had them add the Cran-Mayo (from the Ocean Spray sandwich) which went extremely well with the Turkey, Swiss, and Bacon (isn't EVERYTHING better with bacon?) and I had the Sourdough bread. For my side, I up charged to get a cup of the chicken noodle soup. The sandwich was stellar, especially with my Sally-like ordering, juicy turkey, nicely melted cheese, crunchy bacon, and the nice tinge of cranberry with the mayo, yum! The sourdough was properly panini'd and no burn.   :) The chicken soup was especially good, nothing like Campbell's or Costco or anything out of a can. It had excellent flavor and a nice balance of chicken to noodle to veggies, or what-have-you that was in it. There was a steady stream of customers in and out getting drinks and lunch to go, you can tell they do a lot of local business. Right next to me were some folks from local law enforcement (it's near the Henderson courthouse, after all.)  The staff were very nice to me even though I hung out for a half hour before giving up on my friend and ordering. They didn't give the vibe that they were impatient with me at all. As I said, the owner was really nice; I wouldn't have recognized any of the previous Yelpers description of him.Back to the food, I saw a Chef Salad delivered to customers outside that looked gorgeous in presentation. It made me want one!No fries on the menu, as others have stated, and I'm not a huge Mac salad, chips, or potato salad kind of girl, and fruit cups is too healthy for me, but the ability to switch up to a cup of that fabulous soup worked great for me!I will be back, hopefully with the friend who suggested the location and eats here frequently! She was pretty apologetic about forgetting, but no big deal, I got to really check out the place.
5	Best little breakfast/lunch place in Henderson. We have never been disappointed here. Highly recommend any of the breakfast sandwiches. They are the BEST! Pretty fast delivery too.
4	Love the chili cheese nachos. Always friendly and have never had anything that was not good. The California sandwich is amazing as well. Would recommend anyone to go to Coo Coos.
3	This place is ok. I'd give it a 3 out of 5. The breakfast food there is great, other than that I wasn't too impressed. I ordered a smoothie once that had kiwi and other fruits.. well most of the "fruit" they used in it was a fruit flavored syrup.. Not tasty at all. Bagel sandwiches are great and cookies are good half of the time. I've ordered sandwiches and you can tell the turkey was packaged or fake.
4	It's like walking into the past, but it's in the present?...Ouch my brain. Imagine you're Marty McFly and you just got zapped back to 1955; well that's the vibe this place has as soon as you walk in. Black and white checkerboard floors, red leather bound booths and chairs with multiple old school movie posters on the walls. "This is getting heavy doc."This place is very tiny with only two booths and a few chairs, so you better not come here during the lunch rush or you're eating in your car. If you're on the run and need a bite, Coo Coo Cafe does offer phone-in orders that you can pick-up on the way to you're next appointment or if you wan to eat at home while you enjoy reruns on TV. "What's a rerun?"With plenty of parking outside, I pulled up, walked in and met the owner, who by the way also takes your food order. This dude has a salty demeanor, but I can tell he's the "big soft teddy bear" type. No messing around though, just order your food and sit down...cool with me I'm starving! I went with what he said was the, "local favorite" the Cali Sub w/ sprouts, avocado, turkey, bacon and swiss cheese. On paper this sounds pretty basic, but it was very fresh and piled high (see photo) with lots of goodies, plus the bread was super soft. Plush in the middle and toasted on top by a sandwich press. Let's be real, the bread can make or break a good sammie, right?!?! "That's right butt head"To wash it all down I ordered the "Kiwi Kooler" smoothie. This had a great presentation, but was a little on the sweet side for my taste so I only drank about half. All-in-all this place was a hit for me and my tastebuds. "Great Scott!"I will be coming back to check out other Coo Coo Cafe food options from their simple, but surprising menu. "Now, let's get back...to the future!"
4	Don't be fooled by the outside. Once you enter, the cafe it's super cute with mid century decor. They have so many sandwiches/wraps and smoothies to choose from. The funky monkey was delicous made up of a blended mocha and a banana. My husband and I both ordered the California sandwich and were pleasantly delighted with them. You also get to choose from fruits, macaroni salad, potato salad, and chips as your side. I will definitely go back when we're in town.
5	Delish!! We had California sub it was so fresh and such a large portion. Came with a great macaroni salad and even a choco chip cookie! We will return there again!
5	This is a great little place to stop into to eat delicious food and get away from the craziness of Vegas! We ordered the California wrap and the waffle breakfast...so good! The wrap was really filling, so I ate the second half for dinner. The waffles were perfect. Really friendly, welcoming staff and on a cute little middle-of-nowhere feeling street. Totally recommend if you're in the mood for some quality casual, diner-style dining!
2	Went here for breakfast and coffee and not impressed. Coffee was awful, tasted like dirt. Smoothie was good. Breakfast sandwiches were just ok. Quick service and she was friendly. Owner-manger was loudly ordering supplies on the phone in the front space. Not recommended.
3	During a recent trip to Vegas I decided to venture out for a hole in the wall brunch spot. I found this place on Yelp (naturally), however I was a little disappointed because one of the descriptive words for this place is "British". When I got there and asked the guy at the counter he had no problem letting me know they were DEFINATELY not British and had no idea why it says so on Yelp.Anyhow, I proceeded to order several of the 'All Day Breakfast' dishes....one was the Hearty and the other was the Belgium Waffle breakfast. Both tasted good however as much as I enjoy eggs, there was enough for 10 people and they had a lot of cheese making them rather sickly. The Hearty breakfast has a choice of 2 slices of ham OR 6 slices of bacon or Sausages, I asked for the ham. I would have MUCH preferred a mixture of all because after a few minutes I had grown tired of the ham and the mountain of egg.I don't live anywhere close to here so I probably wont be back, but I think I was mostly disappointed in the fact that I drove there anticipating a full traditional British breakfast.
5	My favorite little place in the water street district ! Love it ! Fast delivery! Everything is so yummy . I love the French dip and the breakfast sandwich on the bagels.
1	I am soo disappointed! I was so excited to find a cute little cafe near my daughters school. Ordered the Super Bird to go and I was utterly disgusted. Took a bite and spit it out, which I never waste food like that. The Turkey was gamy and tasted like I was eating rotten turkey. I was so disappointed I payed for it. I will not go back. Ugh. I still have a terrible taste from it.
