4	This show is definitely four stars if you get to hear the magical words "(insert first and last name here) COME ON DOWN!!!"  If your name does not get called I would still rate the show 3 stars as the crowd is just as rowdy as the TV show screaming prices to those on stage.  There is also the added bonus of a bar in the theatre.I did hear those four sweet words roll off the announcer's tongue and ran down to the stage.  I apparently have a keen sense of knowing the current microwave market and guessed the closest to the actual retail price.  Up on stage the 'hole in one' game was revealed from behind the curtain and to shorten a sad story I did not walk away a winner.  Who knew the pressure of mini-golf in front of 300 people could be so overwhelming?  Where the hell was plinko!  Overall it was a great show and although I did not leave that Vegas trip a big winner I'll always have that microwave from the price is right game :)
3	Go to the real thing in LA.But, if you do make it to this show, you'll find the crowd fun, the host smarmy, the "Barker's beauties" disinterested, and the prizes a bit shabby. Nonetheless, I enjoyed the $50 show, screamed my brains out over dinette sets, conair curlers, and plinko chips.
3	It was fun.   I'm glad I did it once, but I wouldn't run out and do it again.   I liked the old footage of the show and learning about the history of TPIR.   I dunno... It was okay.   I liked that we all got name tags to wear just like on the game show.   And it was exciting waiting to see if we would get called to "Come on down!"   We didn't .   But it was neat watching it happen to other people.Unless you have a booth, the seating down in front was very cramped.   Be prepared to get to know your neighbors really well.   But what is with the no cameras allowed rule?     What are they afraid we'll take pictures of?  If I do go see this show again....  I will just say, "Nope!  I do not have a camera".   Because they make you check your camera at the door and give you a claim ticket.   Just about everybody vacationing in Las Vegas has a camera with them.  And the line to pick up our cameras was a pain.  I should have just said I didn't have one.   And kept it in my purse.  Oh well.
5	I always watch the "real" Price is Right, so I thought that this would be a great time.  I was excited to wear the name tags just like the real show. I was not real excited about the seats for we were down on the floor at a table with a bunch of people we did not know, but we were in Vega$ so it is always fun to meet/chat with new people.  The host was the guy from that previous game show "Supermarket Sweep" and they showed a lot of hilarious clips from the real show with Bob Barker.  It is nice that they call upon four new contestants each time, so that more people have a chance of going up there.  They were also lenient in terms of letting this elderly gentleman win even though his time had expired on a game.  So he won!  They played games that are familiar to all who watch the show like Plinko, the switch game, etc.  Then it came time to spin the big wheel.  They call upon three new contestants for that to get closest to a dollar. I was just finishing my $8 bud light ( a negative at the bar- expensive), when my name was called "Kellie Sweet come on down!" I didn't even hear it at first, my partner had to elbow me and say "that's you"! I was ecstatic!!!  I did not have to "come on down" very far for I was right at front sitting at the tables.  I ran on stage, happily shook his hand and waited for my turn to shine.  The first lady went over a $1.00 and I was second.  I stood on my tippy toes and grabbed the highest handle I could on the wheel and bent down with all my might.  I stepped back, while the host made a comment about how fast the wheel was going around.  It landed on $.85 ... I stayed with that and watched and hoped that the next guy would not beat me.  Luckily for me he did not so I won!!! I received $250 right there on the spot and the other two got a t-shirt.  I was smiling ear to ear.....    =)  They called up two different people for the showcase showdown, which was actually decent- a trip,a car, a TV.. Both contestants went over so they won the game DVD version...So I gave this show five stars of course because I got called on stage, but even still I would give it four stars because it is a fun thing to do in Vega$, and one of the only shows I know of that you can actually gain money by attending.
3	I love love love the Price is Right, so I was totally psyched to go to this show!  I was also excited to learn that Todd Newton was the host because I totally dug him on Hollywood Showdown and Whammy.Overall, I was kind of disappointed with my experience.  It was sweet to wear the nametag, hear the fabled "COME ON DOWN!", and see the cool games and sets.  But the show felt kind of rushed and they crammed so many people into the theatre that it was kind of uncomfortable.  We got to sit on the main floor though, which was nice.I was surprised that no one in my family won anything.  TONS of prizes were given away between games from everything as simple as a t-shirt to nicer things like cameras.  We didn't even win a t-shirt - and they gave tons of those away!  Also....while it's understandable that the prizes can't be as great as those from the actual Hollywood show, I feel like contestants should be warned of the differences in quality and price because most people overestimated prices.  During the Showcase, BOTH people overbid - by a LOT.Got to meet Todd Newton at the end - that was cool.  Also, the day after the show they were doing this huge promotional thing in front of Bally's - WITH THE PLINKO BOARD!  After standing in a surprisingly short line, I got to go to the top and drop my Plinko chip!  It was epic!!!
3	If you are a fan of the show like I am you will have a good time.  I think the tickets may have been a little expensive, but maybe I'm dissapointed I didn't get to "COME ON DOWN" which I'm sure if I my name was called this would have been a 5 star review.  Next best thing to the televised show on TV though.  Try to get tickets and Tix 4 Tonight the day of the show.  The theater was half full when we went and we have great seats near the stage.
4	I was here on 8/13 and I'd have to say, this was a blast.  Did we get called down? No.  There were 4 people around us that did which was still exciting. We picked up out tickets at Tickets 4 tonight that morning and couldn't have been happier with the seats we ended up with.  We were in the front row, at a table, in the center. I could see everything.The format is a little different that TV. They call up 4 people to bid on the item, then the winner plays, then 4 new people are called up to bid. In between rounds, 4 people are called that win a consolation prize of some sort but I didn't catch what it was.So anywho, 3 rounds of people playing games, then spinning the wheel, then 3 more rounds, then 2 people are called up for the showcase.  The prizes aren't nearly as good as the TV version, but then again what do you expect? I'm sure if the theater was packed every show the quality and budget would go up for better prizes. Don't overbid on the showcase! For god's sake people! The two bidders both overbid on our showcase.  One bid 40,000???? WTF? and the other Bid $18,000.  The showcase ended up being worth $13k.I would definitely do this again. It was a lot of fun, and I have no regrets even if I didn't get to "Come on down."
3	No, we didn't get called to COME ON DOWN, but it was still fun nonetheless.  It runs really fast and they sure do push contestants through quickly.  If you do get called, you only get one opportunity, so you better get the price right if you want to get up on stage.  It was more fun when the people that were called down to play actually showed enthusiasm and made a bid deal dancing down the aisles.  The people that did not do that were boring.  The games were the same as the actual show and the host was the guy from Supermarket Sweep all those years ago.  Although it was a fun time and I don't regret going, I personally don't think it was worth the ticket price. Our seats were about 8 rows back and all the way on the left (facing the stage)...we couldn't see very well especially the show case showdown.  I think we would have been okay if we were all the way to the right (facing the stage) or in the middle.  The showcase showdown with the car and everything was only $12,000 and the lowest bid on it was $46,000.  They have valued everything really low throughout the game...so my suggestion if you are called down...bid $1.00!!
4	This was really fun. I would suggest if you have the time, you do it; you can find discounted tickets at various websites.They suggest you come register 2 hours early and have your picture taken (you can download it for free at home). Everyone can watch the show, you just have to be 21 to be a contestant.We never got called up, but we're still happy we went. Our show had prizes like tv's, appliances, casino credits, random stuff. The final showcase at ours had a tv, a trip to Walt Disney World and a car. Both contestants overbid. Crappy.The host Todd Newton was hilarious, and the announcer was from Supermarket Sweep. Good times. Oh just an fyi, we thought Bally's was the worst casino for coming out smelling like an ashtray.
4	This show was really entertaining!  The host was the guy from E! and probably other shows and the announcer was the guy from Supermarket sweep.  They were both pretty funny guys.  We scored tickets for $40/each with is a discount from $60 normally.  Here's a tip for everyone.... NEVER BUY TICKETS FROM THE ACTUAL BOX OFFICE!  You can save so much money buying tickets from the show stands on the strip or even online before you get there.   They suggest you come 2 hours before the show starts, but we came 30 minutes prior and it was fine too.  We didn't get called up but it was still a great show.  I wish i got called up though, because i was playing from my seat and i would have won almost every prize available!  Maybe next time i will get to coooooooooome on ddddddddddoowwwwwwwn!
4	This is a great deal for Vegas. We snagged tickets for $40 each and the two hour show was really fun.The host was the dude who hosted Supermarket Sweep! Fun surprise and he played the part really nicely.The show itself is not totally like the real one with Drew Carey, but it's better for the audience. They call 4 new people every round and they call out 5 people between rounds to win other stuff.So, you have a good shot at winning something even though we didn't. If you love the tv show you'll love this show. Even if you don't know the show I think you'll have a good time.Maybe you'll come on down!
4	I bought the tickets on-line at bestofvegas.com for $40 each about a week before the show.  You just print out the receipt and pick up the tickets at the Bally's box office.  They give you the best available seats.  We had excellent seats, front row seats right in the front of contestants row!      Before and during the show they show past footage of the show and trivia.  Unlike the real show, they call 4 new people each time so more people have a chance of getting called.  They also randomly call people to spin The Wheel and for the Final Showcase.  It's suppose to be completely random but a husband and wife got up to the stage, 2 of the 4 people next to us, and 3 of the same group of people behind us.  I love the Price is Right so this was totally fun for me.  They had Cliff hanger, Plinko, Hole in one, all the good ones.  People were winning some good prizes like a $500 wine rack, $200 cash, $1000 stainless steel fridge, and various other prizes.  The final show case had a car, trip, and some other things I can't remember.  The value was $14000 I believe but the 2 contestants overbid!  You had to be within a certain range to win all the prizes but you could have won a Mexican cruise if you were the last man standing.  The $1 bid was under used!  Just like the real show, the audience is allowed to help the contestants but they listened to the wrong people! Overall, super fun.  My hands were sore from clapping so much and voice hoarse from screaming.  Plus you get a chance to win prizes so you might get your money back for the show.  What other show can offer you that?
3	Cheesy fun. The games r excellent and the hosts are lively. Price is right live is mostly successful and worth the relatively cheap price.
3	Awesome if you get called up, not so awesome if you don't.  Very similar to the original show except that they call four new people every time they bid on a prize.  Count this along with the five instant wins they provide every so often and I think about 30 - 35 people out of 300 or so in the audience got to participate. Me and my 5 friends did not.I don't think the selection process is biased, but the party behind me had 4 people, 3 of them which got called up (someone didn't do a good job of shuffling names).The announcer is a little annoying, but the host is the old host of Supermarket Sweep which was cool. Prizes aren't as good, but still pretty good and you get to play Plinko, Cliffhanger, and spin the big wheel which is a huge plus.The biggest disappointment was the showcase. They provide one showcase and whoever gets closer to being correct without going over wins a trip to Mexico. If you get within $100 of the showcase you win the entire showcase (which was about 7 or 8 prizes). Now get this...the showcase was a cruise to Mexico, a trip to Hawaii, a new Nissan Versa, diamond necklace, bicycle, camcorder, and a hang glider. It ended up totaling $16,000!! Obviously both contestants overbid and were over.Overall, the show was entertaining, but disappointing because none of us got called.
5	My family had a blast at this show in 9/10.  If you ever liked the show you will love this.  We didn't get called up but still had a great time because the host was so funny.  He kept ripping on the contestants if they deserved it.It's a must see!
2	We bought our tickets online at ticketmaster ahead of time for the Friday night show. That was a mistake. We should have waited until we were in Vegas and bought them at the casino. If you buy your tickets at the casino, you get free Price Is Right T-shirts. Since it was a Friday night show and not the typical afternoon show, we wanted to make sure that we had seats and weren't shut out. That was another mistake since the theatre was easily half empty. The show is a lot of fun in the beginning, the audience is excited, good energy all around. They choose players at random and pick four audience members to "come on down". The highest bidder without going over wins the prize and gets to play a pricing game. In between rounds of contestants row and pricing games, they give out five instant winner prizes of 1000 Harrah's Total Rewards Credits. After several rounds of pricing games, three audience members get to spin the big wheel. Then they pick two audience members to play the showcase showdown. These two members are chosen at random and are not the biggest winners from the previous games. Here's where the show gets really iffy. Instead of the highest bidder without going over winning the entire showcase, the highest bidder without going over only wins one of the prizes! If their bid comes within $100 of the actual price without going over, then they win the entire showcase! (sorry, that's just wrong).  The showcase was a Keirig Coffee Maker, a desktop computer, 100 shares of Yahoo stock, a 3 night cruise, a trip to Hawaii, and a Nissan Versa car. One contestant bid about $35,000, the other over $40,000. The 'actual retail price' of the showcase was $17,000 something. Both players had overbid so no one won the showcase. The show is then quickly brought to an end before the majority of the audience realizes what just happened. (FYI the retail price of a Nissan Versa starts at $13520. Add the rest of the prizes in the showcase and there's NO way that it only adds up to 17K)All winners are told to stick around after the show to claim their prizes. I was one of the instant winners of 1000 Total Rewards Points. They make you fill out some paperwork and then give you a temporary players card. They tell you that the points won't be activated for about an hour and a half. What are the points worth? $10 measly dollars! Can you imagine?! After hearing the actual cash value, some of the people who won the prize didn't even bother to fill out the paperwork and claim it. I seriously debated whether it was worth the time myself, but the points are good at any Harrah's location across the country so I figured I could use them in Atlantic City some time. Unfortunately, the points expire in 6 months. It's hard to believe that Harrah's could be so cheap!
2	Spent $110 on two tickets to a Thursday afternoon show. The host was Bob Goen from Entertainment Tonight and the announcer was the guy from Supermarket Sweep. They call up 4 new people every time, if you don't have the winning bid....you're done (and get a t-shirt) and it's time to sit on down.The first item up for bid was a cheesy looking guitar. The first lady bids $875! The lowest bid was $575. All overbid........lowest bid $400.....again all overbid......lowest bid $300.....again all overbid......lowest bid $250......yepFinally, someone decides to make a $1 bid. Actual retail price 200 bucks.If that doesn't give you an idea of what kind of prizes would be in store for the rest of the afternoon, I don't know what does. It was like everyone was in denial that this show was going to be VERY watered down.The best prize was a refridgerator. Someone played Plinko and won $50 after some very questionable pricing on some items that wouldn't allow him to get more than one chip (the most you can win at this version of plinko is $2500 with 5 chips).I kept praying that they didn't call my name during the "instant winners" segment where you get 1000 Total Rewards point....which is worth 1/4 of a buffet purchase....The games were pretty much the same as the show but the prices seemed rigged. Almost like they didn't want people to win. The showcase showdown was confusing with almost 10 prizes being offered to the winner if they bid within $100, but only 1 being offered should they not be within $100 (a 3 day mexican cruise). You had to bid on ALL of the prizes. Here are the main prizes:-A Nissan Versa-Hawaiian Trip- Mexican Cruise-1000 shares of Orbitz Stock-TVand other things.....Someone bid $30,000 and the other bid $27,000.Actual retail price $17,000! Now you tell me how a car, two trips and 1000 shares of Orbitz is worth $17,000??? I'm telling you, it's rigged because they CANNOT afford to give things like this away on a daily basis.Save your money and go wait in line in Burbank.....
4	So my husband is a big fan of the original show.We vacationed in Vegas for Christmas 2010 so this was a perfect gift. We went on Christmas day. Lets start with will/call location VS. the show location in Bally's......THEY ARE OPPOSITE of each other. so if your like me dressing cute in heels..be prepared to want to take them off after walking from the parking garage to never never land, picking up your tickets, and back to the Price Is Right show. There really wasnt much direction given on the ticket to advise us where to go or park. but thats not the shows fault...i dont think? Anyway so after we walked a a mile back and forth..part of the mile was finding food to eat before the show so i guess that doesnt count. Ok, ok..so the show. Our tickets were for seats in the very front. we shared a table with another husband and wife. I brought my leftover pie and drink from lunch in and they didnt mind. the tables were a bit small, if we all four would have had food then somebody would probably have to eat off their lap..actually two people would probably need to eat off their lap.so good thing the other couple came empty..or stuffed! lol i assume the tables were not meant for chow down dining anyway. There were regular "movie seat" style chairs in rows behind us. The show was good..corny jokes. but some of the host comments on contestants were funny..i have to agree with other reviewers, the prices were all wrong. i cant even remember the bogus questions..but read the other post and they are correct. All names were called at random, so it didnt matter if you had the funny t-shirt on or your boobs hanging out....its random. dress casual..come in your pj's if you want..its that laid back! We made it fun. we never got called but it was great because people did walk away with $500 or $50 or different prizes. The very last game was the one that other reviewers posted about the car,vacation and ect being $17000....yep..they used the same car and same vacation packages and everything..and yep the two dudes were far off. it was exactly $17000..so i should have been called up for the last game so i could amaze them with my low guess of exactly $17000..but i wasnt. They were just not ready for me to take all their prizes! Over all fun was what you made of it. People were funny.host was fun.we had a nice time laughing and guessing and pretending. We paid about $48 per ticket. i think a little high since we didnt get a t-shirt, drink..nothing....if we were called it would have been worth it..but $$90+ to watch others win/lose wasnt worth it..but for my husband i would pay it again. It says all ages can come but your little kids might be bored. Cant wait to go to the Los Angeles show :) I gave full stars for the fun we made of it and because my husband couldnt stop talking about it.
5	We really liked this show so much we went twice on two different trips.   The first time we did not get called.  The second time I got up on stage - with the 1.00 bid - and won a prize.  The clips were fun and the show was worth what we paid had I won the money or not.If you like the Price in Right you should like this!BTW anyone who pays full price for most shows in Vegas is crazy.  We got tickets at Tix2Nite for 35.00 per.
4	Very fun. Girlfriend had a blast yelling out prices and shouting "Jerry! Jerry!" (Springer, who was the guest host). Now, for everyone freaking out about prizes and what not... realize this is not the actual show (that is sponsored by advertisers and has a much larger budget). Please go into this show with a mindset of having fun and wanting to cheer on the people lucky enough to get called up. Some of these 1 star reviews are just silly... did you seriously expect to pay for tickets and have a guaranteed win? I've paid more for other shows on the strip and have walked out bored, a feeling I did not once get while in the audience here. Funny things happen too... An old lady bet $900 dollars for a  complete set of Harry Potter books. Everyone in the audience went o_o  wtf....  worth the admission price alone.
4	I had a great time at the show! It is not the real Price is Right.. Its a Vegas version of a TV classic.To say its done in the Bally's show room I was impressed. On the show they still offer prices such as trips and a car but the rules for winning are different the the TV show. This is absolutely going to be a lower budget version of the TV show and Im ok with that because to me most of the real show is pretty low budget. Sure you may get a Mustang versus Hyundai but alot of the games are still cheesy and the prices are hit and miss. I was able to see the show for a discounted rate so I say good show for the price.
4	I went to a show back in 2009 where Dave Rupprecht, from Supermarket Sweep fame, was the host. Since I instantly recognize him, he was a great host. While I didn't win anything, thus the four star rating, I had fun. The only other draw back, people from the same family won, thus I was hoping if they spread out the prizes through all members of the audience. Nonetheless, if you like the game show experience, this is the one Vegas show you don't want to miss.
4	Definitely a little corny but it was a lot of fun! You have to remember it's not exactly like the TV version. My friends and I had a lot of fun even though we didn't get called up. The famous showcase round was by far the most ridiculous "set up" ever. A cruise to MexicoA trip to Hawaii100 shares in stocks2012 Nissan.....the 1st person said $29,675, 2nd person said $33,000wait for it..............$14,000!!!! come on!! That's not even fair! Of course everyone would over bid if they value all those items for that price!
4	For this show Jerry Springer was the host. Before the show even started, the audience was already chanting, "JERRY! JERRY! JERRY!" That right there I found hilarious. Jerry Springer doing a family oriented game show? Get outta here! BUT I was pleasantly surprised. Jerry had jokes and they were mostly clean, well to those that didnt understand it anyway.I liked how the format was set up. They called up a new set of 4 contestants for every segment. Me and my wife was not called up but hay, you probably had about 200 people in the audience. Overall, I would recommend this to anybody. The time frame is at 2:30 in the afternoon, so for those that drink that early, good luck if you get selected.
3	Save ALL day for this. Seriously. There were 3 people working the box office and it took nearly 2 hours to pick up the tickets and get registered for the show. With the show starting 15 minutes late and many "lags" in the show, it took up most of the day. It was cool and exciting and definitely a good change from a lot of the strip. Looking at some of the reviews here, I see that today's "showcase" was the exact same as reviews here from 2010. I was already suspicious but after reading other Yelp reviews it was definitely disappointing that no one could ever win that showcase. Jerry Springer also acted as though he had just started doing this--he does it in a rotation with several other hosts and has since last year. Not sure why he kept acting like it was so new to him and he had just started. It was fun and I'm glad to have done it, but it was very campy and got a little boring towards the end (probably because we had been waiting in line for so long and we were pretty sure we were not going to get called). Diehard fans, for sure; those looking for something to do on a Vegas afternoon, maybe not.
3	I can think of more enjoyable and cheaper ways to spend an afternoon- say getting piss drunk on a bottle of Old Crow and passing out on the monorail, but then I wouldn't have had the opportunity to win a cheap guitar that will be placed on e-bay post haste.
3	this is pretty cool and fun
4	I came to this show wanting nothing more than to be called down to play the show case and get a chance to spin the big wheel (that didn't happen as I'm never that lucky) but it was a truly fun event I'm glad I didn't miss out on. Before the show gets started they are playing clips and trivia about the show, I'm a trivia geek so I was impressed that they had facts up there I hadn't ever seen or read about before.   This is just like the TV show, contestants are called down and they play all the games they have on the show. Its hilarious that I as well as the rest of the crowd were yelling out prices to the contestants and cheering as they won or booing when they lost.  It was  a very PG type event. Jerry was still getting used to role as Bob Barker/Drew Carrey  but you could tell he was having fun and was slowly making the role his own. Final ThoughtsAs we learned today the Price is Right Game Show is a truly unique and one of a kind experience that every one, young and old have been exposed to at some time in their lives.  The producers of that TV show have captured all the best moments of being on that program and condensed them into a thrice daily program that can easily fit into any ones budget.  It would behoove you to purchase the tickets and if you have to even sneak into the theater to see this show...Until next time, take care of yourselves and each other.
1	I attended in Atlanta, paid dearly for a ticket and was extremely disappointed. They barely gave away $5000 in prizes. I've waited a long time to be a part of this wonderful show and got the shock of my life. It was the worst ever!!!!
2	Fun, if you go with no intentions of being called up and with loads of patience. It really is not worth the cost of the ticket, but people will pay because of the name-brand. We have gone several times, with both Jerry Springer as host and Joey Fatone from N'Sync fame; it was nice to hear Jerry throw a few lame jokes out there but they are always the same. Joey was a more dynamic of a host, and overall more entertaining with all the drunken women going up there and hanging off of him/grabbing his ass/ et cetera. All the times I have gone, only one person I have gone with has won anything (bonus points on Bally's membership card). I have gone perhaps four-five times; call me masochistic, or determined to be called up and win one of the prizes. During the showcases, all items are over*priced, but when the final showcase is done, they are all well priced, meaning that someone who has not been to the show will ALWAYS over*bid. Haha. That part is hilarious, at least to me.   The bidding for the final showcase is not for the entire showcase, but for a trip containing within said showcase. One can only win the entire thing being 100$ from the total price, which some lady apparently accomplished once during Jerry's run and he joked in later shows that if it happened again he would be fired (or something to that effect)(he was probably not kidding; the show would be discontinued). - E
5	C'MON DOWN!!I wanted to watch something different aside from Cirque and musicals and so I booked the Price is Right. My friend thought the show was corny but since I've been watching this when I was a kid, I decided why not give it a try. I might win some house hold appliance or some Irish Spring Soap that I can buy in any bargain mart. First thing you do is register your name and that's located right by the North Tower, just outside the Jubiiee  showroom. Sadly, I was hoping to see Drew Carey but went with someone else who still had a lot of showmanship. First thing they show are clips over the years of Price is Right, the high's and low's and mostly funny clips of past contestants. Throughout the show they call up 4 contestants, sadly we weren't picked to go up, but that didn't bother me. Overall, I would recommend this show to anybody whose looking for a budget friendly, non Cirque show. Just for laughs and good memories!
