5	Oil change was complete in a surprising 10 minutes, the staff was very professional and courteous, the waiting room was tidy and well air-conditioned, and they gave my car a thorough vacuum and window wash.  They did run through their usual upsell drill, but I have never had any oil change or car repair done where whoever it was, at Jiffy Lube or not, didn't put me through the upsell drill.  They honored my $13 off coupon (got mine in the mail).  This particular Jiffy Lube is a newer location, and feels more clean and inviting as a result.  Also, the location seemed less busy than others (or perhaps I just got lucky on timing).  I'd recommend this location!
1	My first visit to Jiffy Lube last year was okay.  An older gentleman helped me that day and was very friendly and answered questions honestly.  I do not take my car to Jiffy Lube all of the time, rather I also take it to Sears, though it is a long long wait there.  For times when I do not have half a day to wait for a car (like at Sears) I take it here.  Never, ever again.  I recently had a transmission flush here.  Several weeks later I took it in again and told them the engine seemed "noisy" lately.  They said they would add an additive to help with that.  $80 later I walked out and the noise continued that week.  I figured it must be something else going on.  I took it to a trusted family mechanic of ours and he discovered a filthy engine with "frothy" oil.  He said it looked as if my oil had NEVER been changed!  I had been changing it faithfully and using full synthetic oil.  Also, they did not perform the transmission flush as the mechanic saw the "line had not been broken" where they hook up the transmission line to their machine.  Proof they did not do it.  He said the trans fluid was also filthy and stunk, even though I had just had it "flushed", or so I thought.  I am not just angry but sad.  I work hard like anyone else for my money and come to this location for over a year now.  I wait in the waiting room with my little boy and these people knowingly are ripping me off and LYING as they see me sit their with my child.  Sick.  I will never go back and you should stay away as well.
5	Lightening fast service!
1	SO OVERPRICED. The only reason I even considered giving it two stars was because I was in and out in less than 20 minutes. However; The base oil change was $40. NOT including oil, which was an extra charge. I brought my car in with barely 129k miles, so I opted for the high mileage oil which was an additional $25. A $65 oil change is just asinine. Plus to change the air filter they wanted $20. For what? Popping it out and slapping a clean one in? Please. I'll do that myself and save $15.
4	Quick service, helpful staff, not the cheapest around, but they were thorough in their work, and I was pleased. Had they been 15% less expensive it would've been a 5 star review.
1	Way over priced. If ypu have a coupon watch closely. They bait and switch. Quick service
1	I pulled in and asked for an oil change.   Ten minutes later they are tearing into my 2009 Suburban as if we agreed to something already!?  I hadn't been given a cost or told what their services were all about.   There was no costs posted in the lobby, they immediately directed me to, either.  They tried to tell me the oil change was over $40 but that the extra quart would be even more!?  Now correct me if I am wrong but my car takes the same amount of oil as any other average car.   Out of frustration,  I told them to button my car up because I was leaving.  Then the manager in glasses wanted to haggle over a better price, saying it would only be 10 more minutes.  Too many hidden costs and inspections at this place.   They suck you in to tie you down.  Then they hit you with price.   Not my first,  second,  third,  or fourth choice to do business at.
1	Walked in on a Saturday afternoon, the place was completely empty so I thought I would have the oil changed and run a couple errands close by. No prices are posted anywhere in the lobby. I asked how much the oil change was and he said $41 dollars. I explained that I had a coupon at home but not with me and did they have any specials ? He offered me a $5 coupon which was still crazy for an oil change for my car. Then I was asked what year my car was and when I responded it was a 2012 he said that calls for full synthetic oil. I said no, I've been down this road and it does not call for synthetic. He proceeded to tell me 2 more times that my car called for synthetic oil. I said ok we are done here and headed for the door so he asked if I wanted to speak to his manager ... I just walked out. Do NOT get sucked into this place there are too many other reasonable places to go with staff that treat you like they should ! If management reads these and wonders why this place does not produce ... You might want to retrain your staff in the art of "customer service" !
1	Never go here.  I have used jiffy lube off and on over the years if in a time crunch.  3 out of 4 times I change my oil myself.  I changed my oil this past weekend and when I took the filter off it was the same one from the time before when changed it my self.  I know it was the same filter because I always write the month/year on the filter when I put it on.  Also it was a Napa oil filter.  Jiffy Lube doesn't use Napa stuff.  Scammers.  Stay away.
