4	So this is like one of the ONLY places open at 9 am ... when I go to lunch... that is right 9 am lunch ... which is more like brunch or breakfast. But since I wake up at 4 am and have breakfast pretty early... 9 am is definitely lunch. I typically get one of two items here ... Either the teriyaki burger... which I actually dreamed I ate last night.  OR the Sante Fe Chicken Sandwich.. (mmmm green chile)This location always has really good food, and really good service.Also their Dr. Pepper is not too bad either.Will I be back... yeah and not just because my options are limited.
4	I've been eating at Carl's for years and they have always been pretty good as fast food burger joints go for sure. The Western Bacon Cheeseburger is very good, the Grilled Barbeque Chicken sandwich is likewise delicious and the Cross-cut Fries are an excellent accompanyment for Carl's burgers. Lately though I've fallen in love with Carl's Turkey Burger. I've been trying to make the occasional "healthy choice" and this burger fits the bill when I need to grab something on the fly. This sandwich is served on a toasted whole wheat bun with plenty of lettuce, tomatoes and onions and a deliciously juicy turkey patty. Turkey patties tend to get somewhat dry when cooked, but Carl's does a good job of keeping the burger moist and succulent. If you're trying to eat health this burger is a great place to start.BTW, this location is great! I use the drive-thru here with great regularity and the service is excellent. The location is very convenient, near the intersection of Rainbow and Westcliff and they are generally not too busy.
4	Carl's Jr.  Is comfort food from my childhood, and I'll always eat there when I can.
5	April was very polite and pleasant. Of all of the bad customer service we receive everywhere she was a nice change. She had a smile and sweet voice. Good job April.  This is rare in this town. Always love the food here too.
2	One of the few fast food options in this area- open until at least midnight, quick fix for a grilled or crispy chicken salad in the late hours, which is all I use it for. Staff is young and competent but barely.Have never had an issue with the freshness of the produce in my salads here, nor the freshness of the crispy chicken atop. Sometimes I'll cancel out the healthiness of my salad by ordering whatever their featured fry is- bacon ranch, buffalo bleu, it changes with their promoted burgers and they're usually oversalted but that doesn't deter me.My last visit, the cashier disappeared with my card to the back of the store to run it, which I was not particularly comfortable with, nor was I given a reason as to why. I was also not given any receipt of any sort. Bank statement reflects correct charge, but considering how prevalent CC theft is in food service, I'm not coming here again.
