5	They make THE BEST mango pudding you'll ever have in your life!  I haven't tried anything else but every time I'm in Vegas... I gotta have at least two!
4	Very good Chinese style sweet breads. Try their milk custard ones, it's so good! They also sell sponge cake cut into big triangles, they have orange, vanilla, coffee, green tea, and chocolate flavors, they are quite light and they go so well with Jasmine tea for breakfast. They also make Japanese Cheesecake. It's yummy and fluffy! I don't even go back to American style cheesecake anymore. And it's healthier too, if you want to compare.
4	i didn't get much here, but whatever i did was pretty goodi had an egg custard tart and a peach strudel type thingthe tart had an extra thick crust and it wasn't dry at all the custard was cool and creamythe peach strudel had a light, flaky outside and a peach preserve inside.. it was pretty good for a quick breakfast the next day.+ small, independent store- they were out of a lot of items [although, it was almost 4 pm]
4	I stopped here because Diamond Bakery was sold out of their Sesame balls with bean filling.  Dangit!  I spied Sunville from the bus stop, so off I wandered across the parking lot in hopes of sesame balls.  They didn't have any, but they DID have Winter Melon buns, moon cakes and several other buns that just cried out to be tried.  I LOVE Winter Melon, and the buns are delicious and light.  I also love moon cakes except for the lotus seed ones.  I was happy to find pineapple moon cakes, bean moon cakes and some other kind that didn't sound as rich as the lotus seed buns.
4	We came by here several times to pick up Chinese baked goods for those times of emergency when we're hungry and didn't want to venture outside. Hotdog buns, pork sung buns, egg tarts were all there. I think my favorite of all was the pork sung 'su' which the lady said had pork sung inside the bun instead of just on the top. I liked those much better. The pork sung on the top style of bun has some coating of sweet stuff on it under the pork sung which I'm not too fond of.Don't go too late in the day. Everything will be gone. They open at 8.30am I think so all the good stuff should be there around 10am. It's only a few blocks from the strip and it's totally worth it!
5	This is the only bakery shop I go to, I love their chocolate croissant, egg and ham sandwich, hot dog rolls, and many many more!  Their service is fast and the lady who works there is wonderful.
5	A good and simple bakery. I didn't really notice the bakery until we drove by it.  My friend said it was a great place for those sponge cakes and it sure was! They have your typical Chinese bakery favorites, like the cream-filled pastries, cakes, the ones with the red bean paste, the western-inspired bakery items like with ham and chives, hot dog in a bun and all that good stuff. Once you bite into them, you will love them! The prices were reasonable, with each pastry item from $1.00-$1.50.  You can even order in large quantities, should you want to have a bunch of pastries to share with family and friends. A good stop if you're on your way back to the strip!
4	My regular stop when I crave Asian pastry.Oh, how they make their baked goods so orgasmically light and delicious, always leaving me wanting to stuff my face with more!My personal favorites are their chocolate croissants, sweet cookies, shredded pork buns, tuna stuffed buns, and the triangular cakes!Friendly staff (as friendly as asian customer service is gonna get), cheap price, good selection, high quality, AND everything is so easy to eat!Come to this one instead of going to Lelysee on Jones and Spring Mtn, the service and quality there is quite questionable...
4	This bakery is very good. i like the triangle cakes in all flavors, the egg tarts and the breakfast sandwich! omg... the breakfast sandwich is egg, ham, and asian mayo on an asian roll... the coconut cream bun is good too..its fairly priced and veryyyyyy good tasting... the bread is always super soft here. 5 stars... one of the best asian bakeries in the country.i wish they had more unsual selections to choose from and it would also be good if they served hot milk tea or something. they have a fridge with a bunch of refrigerated drinks which doesnt cut it with me, but the pastries and buns are goooooooooooooooooood!
5	My fave asian bakery in Vegas! Quaint and friendly, good selection of breads, pastries and cakes.  One can never go wrong.
4	Aaargh!  They were OUT of winter melon buns!  At least they still make them.
4	At first, I was excited to see 4.5 stars!  Then I was a bit iffy because it was only from 12 reviewers.  However, I gave it a try and I'm glad I did!!-Cream Puff: utterly amazing!  Although it isn't the usual custard inside, I wasn't disappointed!  The breading is soft and the cream inside is light.  When there's a lot of filling, I usually scrape some off because I like a 2:1 bread to filling ratio.  However, the cream was so good, I finished it all!-Taro Bun: the best taro bun I've had!  Not too much taro and it's intermixed with the bread so you get some bread and some taro in every bite!-Milk Bun: again, delicious filling!  I believe you could call it custard, but it was not too sweet, not too overpowering, great ratio. -Ham and Corn Bun: what a brilliant idea!  I don't really like ham because it's too salty but when paired with corn, it's perfect!-Mini Hot Dog Buns, Egg Tart, and BBQ Bun:  bought these for boyfriend, friends, and sister so didn't get to try but they really liked it!They have a minimum credit card charge of $10 so I kept walking back and forth trying to buy enough to exceed $10!  They're pretty cheap so I ended up leaving with quite a few pastries.  It's not too far from the strip, either!  I'll definitely have to come back next time I'm in Vegas!
4	I love their bakery items...I really enjoy their orange sponge cake. It's orange flavored sponge cake with a light orange cream inside-it's really good!!! Everything I've tried there I liked-Hotdog baked in roll, mini hotdogs baked in mini rolls, a roll topped with ham, mayo and corn, egg tart, strawberry cream cheese danish and Oh my goodness their cream rolls are good too...yum I want one now. Everything is really affordable and yummy!!!
4	After grabbing some lunch at Thai Style I wanted to drop in for some treats for later. My haul: I ended up getting a honey layer sponge cake slice after seeing so many sponge  pics on this page- I didn't like it. It was a bit dry and I think Red Ribbon "Taisan" sponge cake covered in butter and sugar is still my favorite when it comes to a simple sponge slice. I also got lotus seed and redbean puff pastry/mooncake/hopia/etc. and those were pretty big for $1.75 and both delicious! Definitely will be getting those here, those were probably some of the better ones I've had since moving here. BF grabbed a cheese croissant, a strawberry cheese croissant and both were pretty yummy. He wishes they had a ham and cheese croissant though- that would be yummy and we would buy in piles. I did convince him we have to come back for a ham,mayo, corn bun as a substitute. Mom in law got a pineapple mooncake which no one liked- tasted kinda like really fake chewy pineapple jelly, a pineapple bun which the filling she didnt like, but I do like the milk fillings so I ate it happily, a raisin bun which she enjoyed a lot and a box of yummy butter cookies. Now those cookies are a winner of the haul! When she grabbed a box, the guy gave us a bag of "samples" of broken ones he won't sell. Simple, buttery and addictive. Its kinda like a lengua de gato which is a Filipino cookie or its a cross between a Nilla cookie texture with shortbread cookie flavors. You know you're in trouble when you say out loud "this is the last one" which mom in law said and I grabbed a few and had to put them away since I realized I'm absently grabbing at them while we were playing poker. For the sizes of the buns with them being around $1-$2, and some other items like pastries no more than $4, it's very reasonable. Our haul was about $17 for 9 things with the cookies being the priciest item at $3 and some change. I think so far this is the favorite Asian bakery. I heard this place has the wonderous egg custard cups and see that in Lily D's reviews is all about tart love that I must get some. They did not have when we went, so hopefully when we come back  they will so I can eat them custardy bastards into a egg coma. I haven't had them in a long time so I doubt I can just have 1 or 2.
3	The Skinny: come for the fantastic eggroll bread and the red bean buns but be warned... the pineapple buns and egg tart are only okay (3.75), service - friendly efficient (3), value - got a loaf of bread, two specialty buns and a dan tat (egg tart) for $6 which isn't too bad (3)Went in to purchase some nice Asian bakery treats. The style of bakery goods here reflect the fusion of cultures you see in Hong Kong. We were excited by the spread so we purchased a red bean bun, a pineapple bun filled with red bean, a eggroll loaf (kind of like an Asian challah) and a egg tart (aka dan tat).The eggroll loaf is really great - a wonderful, soft and airy texture. A mildly subtle aroma of butter and egg with that perfect hint of sweetness makes this one of the best bakery finds in a while. After a day, it still retains its moisture which is surprising in the Las Vegas climate. At $2.50 a loaf, a very affordable find.I enjoyed the red bean paste inside the red bean bun immensely. The red bean paste here is different from the red bean paste you find in Japanese bakeries. Using a smaller variety of bean, it tends to have a more robust flavour, darker red colour. Sunville makes a great bean paste with the perfect balance of sweetness and textures (love the little bits of bean in there!). Overall, the bun could have used more red bean paste and the texture of the bun could be a little more dense to support the paste inside. But still one of the most enjoyable red bean buns I've had in a while.Of this visit, we did have two disappointments. First the egg tart. The egg tart has a shortbread/cookie crust on it. Not my preferred type of crust (the puff pastry crust is sooo much better) but if it's made right, it'll do in a pinch when the craving for egg tarts hits. Unfortunately, the crust lacks enough butter flavour here and becames rather soggy  (when I took a bite in the car, the crust was okay but by the evening, it was soggy). The flavour of the custard is not eggy and the texture wasn't silky enough. The egg tarts here are only okay in my book.Pineapple buns, in all of their varieties, are near and dear to my heart. Unfortunately, I don't think I'll get another round of the pineapple buns here. The strusel on top lacked the melt-in-your mouth sugar cookie like crust that makes my mouth do a jig. The topping was too moist and gummy for my taste. The bun itself with the red bean inside was good but the crust was a clear miss.Overall, stick to the eggroll bread and red bean buns and you'll be happy.
5	Last trip to Vegas, I stopped by here to get some goodies (milk bun, pineapple shortbread, taro bun, etc.) I've never been much for the savory goodies, so I can't speak to them...But for the sweet stuff, this place hits the mark. I loved what I bought so much that I returned the next day for more! Good breakfast foods. The place is nice and clean inside and the selection very good..
4	Sunville Bakery is a great place to buy a quick birthday cake and great place to buy breakfast snacks on the go. If you need a quick birthday cake for someone I recommend this place but you can only get the cakes that's in the refrigerator which cost $28. You can order ahead of time and get the custom cake that you want. They makes cakes for any occasion from weddings to a kids birthday. The fruit cocktail cake is probably the best fruit cocktail cake, the frosting is perfect (not too sweet). As for the breakfast items they have fresh bread which is soft and delicious. Coconut bread (hello coconut fans), mini sausages in bread (cute and MmMm good), taro bread (never tried but sounds delicious), pineapple cake (must try if you love pineapple).
4	If you want some snackies for a road trip, or to sneak in the theatre or even just to have, SunVille Bakery is the place to go.  I like going here for their lunch-time snacks.  I always get the little smokies, or the Ham & Egg sandwich thats only a $1.50. I'd rather go here and get that than go to McDonalds and get a Sausage Biscuit... OK i'd probably get both, but still, i'd enjoy SunVille Bakery more. Doing this review is making me wanna drive there right now, but i live pretty far from chinatown and I'd wait if you were gonna settle for less.  Their packaging is nice and neat and keeps the product sealed fresh.  On a side note, I think Bachi Burger gets their buns from here. You'll see what I mean when you see most of the bread.
2	Went to Sunville Bakery in Las Vegas Chinatown.  It's close to Pho Kim Long so we walked by it a few times before going in.  They have Chinese bakery baked stuff individually wrapped to buy.I got:Honey cake - it looked very cool w/ lots of layers & cream in between.  Taste wasn't that good, but it looked nice.Coconut bun - looked ok, doesn't have enough coconut butter filling that I like.  Meh.I think my total was about $4 something.  I probably didn't get the right stuff, but not impressed so far.Hrs:M-Sat 8am-9pm; Sun until 7pmI will try Diamond Bakery next time I'm in Vegas:http://www.yelp.com/biz/diamond-bakery-las-vegas
5	This place has excellent pastries, easily as good as anything you will get from similar places in Los Angeles.
4	After some dinner in Chinatown, we had a little sweet tooth. We happened upon Sunville Bakery for some dessert. I love Asian Bakeries. I almost always get something different. Variety is the spice of life as you know. I have tried quite a few of the delectables here. Everything from the sweet to the savory. On this occasion I was in serious need of a sweet. I opted for a coconut tart, while my fella got his favorite, moon cake. The prices are pretty standard and while they don't have a huge variety, they have plenty of options to satiate whatever sweets you're craving.Good place to stop if you're in the area.
5	I have noticed that the people I hang out with, and I am guilty of it as well, are all enablers. When someone complains about their weight, and it is usually me, the others pretend to listen and suggest getting dessert 5 minutes later.My mom had told me to come to Sunville after I had bought some pastries from Diamond. After a day, the baked goods from Diamond became stale and dry, so I did not objected and went to Sunville.  This time around, going into it with one of my most vocal enablers we grabbed a tray and started piling on the buns. Before we knew what happened we had over 10 dollars worth of goods. At a Chinese bakery that is an amazing feat since most items range from 1.35 to 1.50. We were a little scared by their vast amount of selections. I have never seen a pickle bun before and my companion almost bought it before chickening out. I love anything taro and this place produces the most moist and soft taro buns in town. Just thinking about them now makes me drool a little bit. Be careful since some of the buns are written precisely in Chinese with a vague English translation. I grabbed two square buns that were labeled bbq buns and they turned out to be the dried pulled pork buns. I was a little disappointed since I wanted nice chunks of red pork. The green tea angel food cake was so soft that it disappeared before we knew it. It felt like we were eating air and I totally mean that in a good way. Makes me feel better about my "diet".They accept credit as long as it is over 10 dollars. Believe me, you can easily go over if you are not paying attention.
4	Three little words--red bean bun.  Such great big flavor!  While walking around Chinatown last night looking for a yogurt bar that used to be there, I came upon Sunville Bakery.  I decided to take a look inside.  It was late, almost 8 PM, but they were open and had limited things left from the day.I looked on a rack on the right and saw the red bean bun tag with one bun left.  I picked up that bun, paid, and started eating this small treat shortly after leaving the front door.The type left was the flaky pastry bun.  It was filled with luscious red bean paste, a rich, dark red color, and sweetened just right--not too sweet to detract from the bun.  The bun was flaky and flavorful also.What a great find!  I'll have to go back and try some other things.  What a great find.
3	Nice little bakery hidden in the Chinatown area. Lots of good looking desserts. The cracker with sliced almonds in it are really good.
5	The 5 stars are for the triangle sponge cakes. I was actually corrected by the owner that the cakes in question are not called sponge cakes, but I didn't care so I don't remember the exact name. I'm quite fond of the way that these cakes are wrapped, it just feels right but I can't quite explain why. In my opinion, these cakes aren't too sweet which is perfect for me. What really differentiate these cakes from every other cakes that I've ever had is the cake's bounciness to the touch and slight chewiness when eaten; combined with a slight spread of cream between the two cake layers makes this simple treat almost Divine. In the order of my fave flavors: orange, green tea, vanilla, mocha, chocolate. Their other items are quite typical of any other Asian bakery.
4	This place is as they say....   ...the best.Nah, I can't write chinese at all, but man I can sure eat a lot of the food for sure.1.  Parking - Easy strip mall, but be careful as their are plenty of goofy drivers.....2.  Ambiance - Very clean, organized, tons of buns and cookies and pastries on display. All wrapped in cellophane nicely.  With all prices easily displayed.  Each item is described in the best possible way so if you are not familiar with the baked goods, you will get a good idea.3.  The Food - Great.a.  I tested the place out eating a winter melon cookie. These are my favorite all time and the cookie here is very flaky, nice texture, and melts in your mouth.b.  Purchased the Hot Dog Bun, the Red Bean Roll, the Green Onion Bun, the BBQ Pork Bun, the dried pork bun, coconut bun.c.  I haven't tried them all but boy do they look tasty. Besides the winter melon cookie, I did try the pork bun and this is why they loose one star.  There was not too much pork in the bun. It tasted nice, but the bbq pork bun at Diamond has a lot more meat in it, at least 2-3 x more.4.  Prices - 1.25 - 1.75.  Seems great. Huge Custard tart for 1.00.  5.  Cakes and stuff - They sell some cakes and all, like Tiramisu cakes. They look great, but I did not try them.This place, I would say, they are very, very good and if they put more ingredients in the pork bun would be unbeatable.Oh yeah, big hint for those of you that are not of the asian persuasion, be careful coming here. A lot of chinese frequent this place and the tradition is to simply go for what you want and get to the front to pay. They do not pay attention to lines and etiquette so while you may consider this really negative, it is simply the way, so go with it rather than fight it....GK says check it out.
3	If you come on the afternoon Most of stuff is gone. I like their coconut bun & greentea spongecake. Prices are ok here. People are Not really friendly.
5	Stumbled upon this cute bakery when I was in Vegas a couple weeks ago. Located in a strip mall in Chinatown, parking is easy to find. When I first walked into the bakery, you are greeted by an attentive asian lady (owner?). The smell of fresh baked  pastries fills the air. There are trays available for you to pick out your pastries and trust me, you'll need it. I didn't think I was going to be purchasing so many items, but the next thing I knew, my tray was full. Sunville have a great selection of breads and pastries  including, coconut buns, pineapple buns, egg tarts, and my absolute favorite, the mini hot dog buns. I could not stop eating those because they were so delicious! In addition to all the baked goods, birthday cakes and cream filled cake rolls are available. The next time I'm in Vegas and craving asian pastries, I'll be sure to come here. Definitely a must in my book.
4	Baked Pork Buns !!!! Awesome pastries
3	Sunville Bakery is just a few minutes away from the strip and because of the high ratings on Yelp, I decided to stop by for some goodies for the road trip back home.  The bakery is located in a strip mall and isn't particularly fancy; but the goods are fresh and the prices are fair (most items are about $1.50-$2.50)Some of the things I tried:-Pork bun -Spongecake with cream-Apple strudel -Pineapple bunAll were pretty average; probably my favorite was the pineapple bun because the crust was very "crusty," if that makes any sense.  It had a baked on crispy top over a fairly soft bread.There was one girl working behind the counter.  She wasn't particularly friendly, but she was helpful.Notes:-Shared parking lot; it was pretty easy to find a space.
4	Cute and quiet elder lady behind counter.  Great manju(red bean paste).
4	being a bread type of person that i am, ive been doing my hw of searching for some Asian bakeries before my trip to vegas. this bakery was so close to Rio, the hotel i was staying in vegas.. its like 3 mins driving and cant get any better than that..the bread i tried was their taro bread, milk butter, egg tart, and without exception, their custard bread (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sunville-bakery-las-vegas?select=2Ym0qE0j_2AnOL3-A-Ws3g#2Ym0qE0j_2AnOL3-A-Ws3g). my least favorite was the taro bread, there was barely any taro inside the bread and was quite disappointed with this one. but the butter milk bread was above my expectation.. the bread was so moist and soft, the top was crispy, and most of all, the buttermilk filling was so yummy and buttery!! my favorite bread at this bakery.. the custard was average and ive definitely had better. the eggtart was big and wide but it wasnt really the best either.. prices were decent, each bread cost about $1.25 and the eggtart was $1 each..  i'd be back for sure to get my buttermilk bun when im in vegas again. CC is for $10 purchase or over..
3	I've always been a fan of spongecakes, so I definitely had to try their green tea sponge cake!It was decent, though it didn't have much of a "green tea" taste to it at all :/But they have Dan tats (egg tarts) for $1.00, can't beat that! Our household comes here to buy the different breads like the pineapple and coconut one, definitely a must have for an Asian home.The Asian woman behind the counter was very friendly as well.And oh btw it's $10 minimum for debit cards.
4	My favorite bakery to visit when we are in Vegas.  The prices are more affordable than other similar bakeries in the area, and they taste better than anyone else.  My favorite items are the milk bun (or it may be called a custard bun) and the egg tarts.  The bread portion of their buns are really good.  That's saying something cause I normally do not like bread at all.  The egg tarts are very good!!  Just wish, they'd make more.  Many times when we go there, they've already sold out!!!  When that happens, I'm really disappointed cause I look so forward to eating those yummy egg tarts!  Definitely, try this place for yourself to see if you like them too.
4	I'm just going to name things and you decide if they sound good. Milk toast. Taro milk toast. Pineapple milk toast. Date and walnut moon cake. Red bean moon cake. Red bean bun.Do you see images of delicious things? You should drop into Sunville. I have driven by it for years and never stepped in. This is a sad, regrettable mistake. Everything is delicious (coincidentally, I tried all those things I named), the place is clean, and it's just right there! Get some!As mentioned by others - minimum CC limit is $10.
5	Love the Orange Sponge Cake!!! Prices are Great!! I always get 2-3 items Always!!! thank you guys for being so awesome and Great!!! I tell Everyone I come across to visit this bakery its YUMMERRSSS!!
3	Chinese bakery.....Came here on a saturday afternoon.  Wasn't blown away by the selection but it had the typical baked goods you see at a any Chinese bakery like buns, cakes, egg tarts, croissants, etc...but nothing wow or different like what you'd find at say 85 degrees (in SoCal).  Prices are reasonable, did walk away with a taro and pineapple pastry and thought it was ok.  It's like one of those places you walk away from and think, "I've had better".  Overall, I guess it's good if you're in the area and craving some baked goods but I prob wouldn't drive all the way back here again next time I'm in town.
3	The baked items are awesome. Owners attitude sucks.Shortest review ever.
1	I came into the shop right when they opened to grab some pastries and pork buns for a quick breakfast. When I entered, there was no one attending. The cashier, or whoever, was in the back doing something so I couldn't ask questions. When the cashier finally came some out, she seemed like she woke up on the wrong side of the bed. I don't know if it was just me or what, but she was so rude. I asked to microwave the pork buns and so at first she didn't want to, then she took it and when she came back with it heated, she just threw the pork buns at me and my bf. Also, she was rude letting us know that there was a limit of $10 to use debit/credit.Anyway, I ended up getting the pork buns and it was okay. It wasn't the steamed pork buns that I usually get at a different bakery, but it wasn't bad.I also got the coconut macaroons and that.. I loved! I love coconut macaroons and it tasted so fresh and it was made that day! If the cashier wasn't so rude, I would have given this place maybe 4 stars because of their coconut macaroons! Other than that, I wouldn't really come back.
5	TWO THUMPS UP! Recently bought a Black Forest cake for my dad's birthday and dried pork bun for myself. I was kind of surprised that I definetely didn't have to reserve the cake. The cake was very good and tasty. The dried pork bun was very very good compared to other bakery around the area. The portion was bigger as well. Will be coming back for more and would recommend this bakery to everyone!
1	Called in to inquire as to whether a very specific pastry was sold at this establishment. Explained very carefully that it was important to be sure, as I drove halfway across the valley to purchase this item for an occasion. The owner emphatically stated over the phone they carried the dish (Japanese cheesecake) and that it was in stock. So, I drive 40 minutes in rush hour only to find that instead of cheesecake, the shop is peddling sponge cake labeled as cheesecake for the tidy price of $12. Wasn't even good pound cake. When confronted with this reality, the owner insisted she had 'misheard' me, despite the fact that I restated what I was looking for several times when I had called ahead.  I would not recommend this bakery to anybody who wants both fairly priced and truthfully advertised goods - this place sells neither.
4	Got the green tea angle cake and taro pastry. green tea angle cake was very light fluffy and just the right amount of green tea. cake was awesome and for $1.50 cant go wrong a must try if green tea is what you like! The taro pastry was not what I expected and was not sweet and had more of a savory aspect but was a great change from all those other sugar overloaded taro desserts. we almost walked passed this place and im so glad we went inside. they have a large selection to suit every taste bud.
5	Decided what to quickly eat for lunch and thought Sunville. When I came in, the Dried Pork Bun was made fresh. Bought a hot dog and two dried pork bun, so far very DELICIOUS! I wished I would have bought more, but had to go.
3	Good egg tart, the type on a solid shortbread crust, not the flaky pastry dough shell.Tried their pickled veggie bun. After one bite, I SO wish they offered this with a hot link or a hot dog. Not pre-made dog sitting out all day, but one fresh from hot rollers (7-11) or even in a vat of hot water. These would sell like hot cakes!
5	I've come to this bakery for years now. Always great! The lady at the register is super nice too.
4	Love this place! We go there every time we visit Vegas. Delicious bread varieties - this time we got the Red Bean bread, YUM! And the cookies are fabulous.
3	Yelp, where is the half star option? I would have given this spot 3.5, but 4 would be too generous. Until the half star option becomes available, then they'll get 3 from me. After my bf and I had a craving for egg tarts, I found this spot on Yelp. It's located in the plaza of Pho Kim Long, so parking is going to suck. There's a $10 minimum to use plastic. So bring cash or plan to buy a bunch of pastries. Here's what we got. Ham & egg sandwichThe bread had a slight sweetness. Paired with the saltiness of the ham, this is a good breakfast option.Mini hot dog rollsAgain with the slight sweetness of the bread and the salty hot dog, these were pretty tasty. There were 6 mini dogs in the pack. Pineapple rollSee picture. Super soft and fluffy bread. I just wish the pineapple paste was inside the bun as well, not just baked on top. I would get this again though. Egg tartThis was not good. It wasn't sweet enough, so it was like eating a straight egg. I wouldn't recommend this. Taro bunIt had a good taro flavor, but it was just way too dry and dense for our taste. It reminded me of Filipino hopia, which I was never a fan of. Pork bunThis was good. The bread was soft and slightly sweet like the other things we tried. It just didn't have enough meat in it. See picture.Prices are pretty cheap. We got all our pastries for a little under $10. The ladies working weren't too friendly, but that's just typical Asian service. Looks like we are still on the hunt for decent egg tarts.
3	Decent selection of fresh-baked Asian pastries and a few cakes thrown in for good measures- majority of selection is buns (coconut, red bean, taro, egg, pork) and some breakfast foods (ham and cheese, scallion and ham, hotdog). Most treats are priced at either $1.25 or $1.75, with a $10 card minimum, so take cash unless you're feeding an army.Everything is made fresh daily, in house, and wrapped in individual cellophane wrappers before being put out for sale. If you want something specific, best to get there early- by lunch they're usually out of a few things. There's a cooler of drinks (including chilled Starbucks) towards the back and only one or two small tables to dine-in.
