5	Can't believe this place hasn't been reviewed yet! This steakhouse is definitely in my top 5, not because I like the steak but because they have a great fish selection as well. This is one of those fancy smazy places that serve you the "Compliments of the Chef". It was basically a crouton, with a couple pieces of corn and a smear of corn cream. Funny.But my scallops were done to perfection, cooked just a bit with a pomegranate glaze. Yummy. And they gave me more than 3 which at most places seem to be standard. We had all ordered some sides as well. Since the wine was more than flowing I can't remember what I had other than the brussel sprouts. I can remember eating those since I never eat them but I was forced to try and I actually liked! I was there with a large crazy drunk group and the waitress held her own around us. Because the sides showed up way after our main course was there she gave our group a free bottle of wine....nice!
3	arizona restaurant week rocks because it offers affordable eats at some amazing restaurants. to take advantage of this great deal, my girl friend and i trotted off to maritage for a meal we otherwise might not spring for. situated at the far end of the j.w. marriott at desert ridge, maritage is a well appointed restaurant that doesn't feel uppity. the $29 pp prix fixe restaurant week menu had a lot of variety ... baked brie, french onion soup, steak, prime rib, salmon and creme brulee to name a few. overall, the quality of the ingredients seemed top notch. the amuse was absolutely delish. a few issues (temperature at serving was off for our steaks and potatoes, some portions, like the brie, were underwhelmingly small) made maritage not worthy of the 4 or 5 stars i hoped it would earn.  i'm not sure the entire experience is quite worth the regular price, but maritage was a worthy choice for restaurant week. at this point i've rambled on for too long. the bottom line: maritage is good.
2	For those of us without large extended families available to share in the joy and pain in the preparation, consumption and cleanup of an extensive Christmas dinner, dining out tends to be quite attractive despite limited menus and staff frantically keeping up with the rush who could enumerate many places they would rather be, and thus my immediate wing of the C. clan embarked on the usual attempt to find an open place.Meritage Steakhouse, portentously enough not overrun by a Baha'i convention we discovered on Christmas in the Desert Ridge Marriott that contains it, was this year's.Meritage is confused. It looks like it changed hands a few times and kept aspects of each - the central area looks like a sports bar with tables added, a more wooden version of a Cheesecake Factory bar, but with side areas, receded booths and the requisite outdoor tables that look more like a restaurant in its price range. A modest attempt at holiday decorations made it worse instead of providing thematic clarity.After perusing the a la carte menu, we all opted for the $55 prix fixe family style dinner, which while ample was thankfully a lot less jumbled than the environs:- Goat cheese arugula salad: Unremarkable.- Squash soup: Sinfully thick and creamy, non-overpowering, and so guiltily good.- Beef tenderloin: Tender, soft spongy meat to absorb the maitre'd sauce and the butter.- Goose breast: Paling a bit compared with its sibling, in both taste and unhealthiness.- Brussels sprouts with ham: Tasty, but too much butter and oil to consume en masse.- Stuffing: Unremarkable.- Mashed potatoes: Equally unremarkable.- Creme Brulee: A bit on the overly creamy side, but still pleasing.- Chocolate: Chocolate cream between chocolate wafers. Sugar high.- Cheesecake: Diabetes, here we come!Against fixed menu Christmas Dinner expectations, Meritage scored well, but the overall meal was too rich for my taste. Compromise candidates don't usually run this much so I'm unlikely to be back. If I did return to the Marriott for a meal, it would be for the brunch buffet at Blue Sage instead.
4	Date night with the hubby never disappoints because he picks really cool places for us to try out! We really enjoyed the Meritage Steakhouse.  It is located at the JW Marriott Hotel near Desert Ridge Mall.  The service was excellent; friendly and non-intrusive--just the way I like it. The food was very good. Not the best steak I've ever had, but I certainly wouldn't kick it out of bed in the morning either if you know what I mean. I ordered from the Sunset menu, which is a prix fix menu that is available before 6:30PM. Our reservation was right at 6:30 so I thought it was nice that they still offered it.  I had the Meritage salad, the Filet Mignon, and creme brule as well as a flight of wines that were most delish. The salad was a mixed greens type salad with a rather tart dressing. Not so tart that I couldn't finish, but tart enough to say...wow this is tart. The filet mignon was cooked perfectly medium, just the way I like it.  It had a sauce on it that I was unfamiliar with that made it a bit sweeter than I'd like. For me, I prefer my steak naked because I want to enjoy the integrity of the meat itself...but whatever. I scraped off what I could and did my best with it.  It was accompanied by several stalks of very hearty asparagus and yukon gold mashed potatoes. The asparagus was peeled where it should be and it was cooked to al-dente perfection. The potatoes were creamy and tasty, but could have used a bit more seasoning to them. The creme brulee for dessert was very nice as well...but if you screw up creme brulee you might as well hang up your apron.Hubby had the NY Strip with peppercorn sauce which he enjoys well done. It was cooked PERFECTLY and not dried out or overcooked in any way.  They also put his sauce on this side, which I would have preferred myself, but oh well. He had the twice baked potatoes for his side which was very creamy and cheese. He had the wedge which came with a slice of pancetta on top. Always have to have bacon on the wedge. For dessert he had a banana cream pie which was very clever. It was a chocolate mini pie shell filled with banana cream filling and topped with a length-wise slice of dried banana that was tossed with cinnamon and sugar. It was very cool and quite tasty.We dined al-fresco as it seemed most of the other patrons chose as well. It was a lovely patio with a nice fire-pit nearby. All in all a very nice dining experience and I'll definitely look forward to going back and trying some of their other selections!
5	The Meritage Steakhouse is a hidden GEM in Phoenix!  It is perfectly located for anyone in the west valley, right off the 101 in the JW Marriot Desert Ridge resort.  Prices were reasonable for a quality steakhouse and the Meritage did NOT dissapoint.  Great service, attentive, but not intrusive.  Management did the rounds which is always a nice touch.First of all, the steak was cooked to temp which is always a great way to impress me right out of the gates.  They nailed it.  The wedge salad was delicious, the beef carpacio appetizer was awesome.  What else can I say?  The meal was great from start to finish!I would add the Meritage to your short list of places to check out.  It is a great alternative to Flemings, Ruth Chris, Mortons, etc!  Nice out-door dining options too!ENJOY!Tony
5	I read the Yelp review before I brought my family there.  However, unlike it mentioned in the reviews, this is a premium steakhouse located in a  5-star Marriott Resort next to its Pro golf Shop.  Most of its customers are business people and casual dressing is not recommended although it is not prohibited.  Main courses (steaks) are amazing and priced between $38 and $50.  Therefore, it shall be a $$$$ (over $60 pp) instead of $$$ restaurant.  You can choose the salt among 6 different styles of sea salt and 5 different kinds of steak source.  The menu is ala carte therefore, sharing side and appetizers are common.  The $17 appetizer "tower of sea food" is well-worth its price, that includes half lobster, 2 oysters, 2 jumbo shrimps, 2 crab legs.  The steaks and seafood are perfect.  Unfortunately, Arizona law prohibits customer to bring their own wine, which is not accustomed by Californian like us.   The waitress and waiters service is 5-star.  After all, we had a great dinner with higher price that was not originally expected.
4	After finishing a round of golf at Wildfire, we came in for lunch since the restaurant had been closed for dinner since December 17th and was reopening on the 25th. I dined here several years ago for dinner and really enjoyed the dinning experience. My order - the 8oz sirloin steak with garlic fries and an ice cold beer. My steak was cooked perfectly and the dipping sauce and garlic fries were yummy too! I love the decor of the place, it's part golf theme in the bar area but the dinning area is definitely Western elegance decorated. I'll surely return here in the future but next time it will be for dinner!
2	I didn't find this place anything special. We opted, all 6 of us, for the 29.99 early dining special which we knew resulted in smaller portions but didn't realize that we'd be treated like peasants because we all ordered off of the early dinner menu. Mind you we were the only patrons at a table while the bar area was full of golfers who came in from the course to drink and get apps. Food was mediocre too. The prime rib was TOUGH! Desserts were good, Caesar salad dressing was very very anchovy salty and I LOVE anchovies. Hostess had an edge to her. Not sure if it was a cultural thing but just rubbed me the wrong way. I would so never go back.
1	We decided to try Meritage despite mixed reviews since we were staying at Desert Ridge (week of 5/16/11). What a disappointing mistake. After ordering our meals, we were served a pale and lifeless loaf of bread. It tasted as good as it looked. A short time later our salads arrived. I had the Meritage salad - it was overdressed and had just a scant trace of goat cheese. My husband had the Caesar - it was also overdressed and kind of skimpy. I would tell you about the flavor if I could but our waiter demolished mine with so much pepper (despite being told twice to stop) I'm not sure. Caesar was just ok. We both had the filet. I ordered the steak medium with bearnaise and a side of asparagus. I was served an almost raw piece of meat. This wasn't pink folks it was red/purple. Flavor was ok. This could have been a great steak if someone competent had been behind the stove. Asparagus was very good. Bearnaise was bland. Second steak was ordered medium rare - it was raw. When our waiter came to take our plates he hesitated but asked nothing about the two almost completely untouched filets. As we were waiting for dessert, a server attempted to pour tap water into our glasses despite the fact that there was a bottle of Pellegrino on the table. When I stopped her she advised that some people like having water added to their Pellegrino - give me a break, just say you're sorry for the mistake.  Dessert came in the form of seven layer chocolate cake and banana cream pie. Cake was just ok and the cookie on the plate was burned. Banana cream pie was still frozen at the bottom and the fruit was mushy.  When  the server came by to remove our desserts she asked if we were too full to eat them, when we advised that they were terrible she said "oh I'm sorry" and that was the end of the discussion. I overheard two other tables send back their steaks because they were undercooked. We chose not to bother. If they were interested, someone would have asked about our meals. I have a feeling that no one asked about our meal or service because they knew both were poor.If you're looking for a great steak restaurant, skip Meritage.
2	We dined at Meritage and thought it was OK.  We purchased the coupon on Travel Zoo; a predetermined chef's menu was presented with the wine list as we sat down.Menu - all meats were available with potatoes and asparagus; nothing exciting about the sides: potatoes were too smooth and the asparagus was over cooked.  It was nice that they gave us the option to upgrade our meats; but the prices were a bit high.  Wine was reasonably priced.Bread was better than described in a previous review...actually we thought it was the best part of the dinner.Salad and soup: I had the Meritage salad which was ok, nothing too exciting and husband had the french onion soup which was good but had too much bread and cheese on top.I had the salmon - over cooked and didn't have the same garnish that was in the description of the menu...husband had the prime rib and said it was OK.Desert: we had the seven layer cake...and it didn't taste fresh...like it had been sitting out for a while.  We split a piece and took the other home.Overall...we spent too much for dinner that should have been great!  I wouldn't waste your time or money especially if you have a favorite steak house that is better than OK.
3	My husband and I purchased the TravelZoo deal as well and have to agree with another Yelper...not as impressed as we'd hoped to have been. The pre-selected menu had good options and while nothing spectacular the food was still good. However, I have noticed since purchasing not only this restaurant deal but others as well, there is a stigma that comes with buying a "discount" meal-deal. You are definitely not treated the same as the full paying customers - and Meritage Steakhouse was a prime example of that treatment. After our experience, I'm glad we had purchased this deal for a dinner out - had we not, I would have been even more dissapointed for spending that much on a mediocre meal, at best.
2	I met a client at the JW Marriot for lunch, and we ate at the Meritage Steakhouse since not much else is open for lunch. Big disappointment. It looks like a mediocre resort restaurant - I expected more. Service: We got there at about 11:20, it was empty and we were seated quickly. The waiter came over and took our drink orders fairly quickly. However he dropped the sugar container on the floor between 2 diners, and never picked it up the entire meal.  We ordered and the food came fairly soon...but when the waiter served it he handed off some dishes to us mid-air, rather than putting it on the table. Just seemed odd, as he could have reached to put it on the table...and it was hot soup! He didn't smile much and was not very friendly or helpful throughout the meal. When asked by my client if there was anything he recommended on the menu (since he hadn't said anything when he came up to take our orders), he sort of shrugged and finally said, " it depends on what you feel like, something light and healthy or greasy and rich" Then he said he liked the French Dip Sandwich best.  I honestly don't think the guy ever said, "Enjoy your meal!"Food: I had the "large" Meritage Salad & Onion soup: The onion soup was overly sweet with a thin layer of cheese on top. The salad was supposed to have goat cheese in it and I think I found one little piece...and the salad was small, and really not very flavorful. My client had the Lobster Bisque & Crab Cakes: the soup had a nice flavor, but no chunks of lobster at all. She enjoyed the crab cake...there was only one. Servings were generally somewhat scant. My coworker had the Turkey Sandwich: Looked like the pressed "deli" turkey you get at the supermarket....she ended up eating about half the sandwich and left most of the fruit side dish that looked like the pre-cut up fruit you buy at the store. Another coworker had the French Dip sandwich: She enjoyed it and the big onion rings that came with it.Overall, the meal was mediocre. Possibly their dinners, steaks, etc. are better....but after that kind of lunch, I'd never go back to try it...and I'd be willing to bet they are not.
4	I just finishing eating at Meritage with 3 of my friends. We also eat there a year ago when we were last in town. Both times, we had the same waitress who was excellent, and both times we were very happy with quality and presentation of the food.We would certainly recommend this restaurant as a steak house.
4	Excellent onion soup.  Worth the trip for the soup.  Generous portions.  The aged steak was a bit dry for the price.
4	Good steakhouse.  My steak was great and the sauces and salts you add on made it mire interesting than a usual steakhouse.  Almost all members of the party were satisfied and happy.
4	I've heard great things about this place for sometime, so finally decided to make some reservations and try it out.We went on a Thursday night and it was pretty packed.  Standard Country Club/Steakhouse decor, very cowboy/wild west.  Casual attire is fine here, as we were WAY overdressed.The host was a bit snippy but aside from the interaction with her, the rest of the evening was delighful.  The menu had a good selection.  For our app we got the seafood platter.  Oysters, lobster tail, crab legs, and jumbo prawn.  Everything was halved and nighly prepared with a selection of dipping sauces and lemon.My bf got the 12oz NY Strip and I have never seen a man enjoy a steak as much as he did.  He usually enjoys a better cut of steak but craving something different and he was impressed.  He got the Blue cheese butter to go with it and raved about this steak for days.I got the 6 oz filet medium and it was cooked perfectly.  The accompaniments were the cream of spinach and the twice baked potato and it was just amazing.For desert we tried the Strawberry Rhubarb cobbler with basil gelato and it was delightful.  The service was outstanding and really helpful and we never went without.  Great experience.
4	Got a killer deal for this restaurant from Travel Zoo. For about $90 after tip we got 2 appetizers, 2 sides, two entrees up to $35 each, two drinks, and two desserts. Wow!The waitress was great. Starting out was Tuna Tartar and Crab Fritters. The Tuna Tartar was great, very yummy. The crab fritter appetizer was overcooked and incredibly small and came with a very large bowl of tartar sauce, still tasted OK. For our entrees we both chose the filet which came out cooked entirely wrong, they fixed the problem with no muss and came out with fresh rare filets for the both of us and apologized. The Bernaise sauce is really lousy, way too heavy on the egg and no where near enough butter. The flavor in it was very eggy and I think they just failed in adding shallots or something else to it... The horseradish sauce was creamy and delicious. The sides, creamed spinach and mashed potatoes were incredibly salty and almost inedible and I love heavy salt in my food. The deserts were both fantastic and absolutely the highlight of the visit. For the ambience, it's very loud. Very, very loud when the restaurant is full. As for the Bartender, the first time he made my Colorado Bulldog perfectly, the next two times it was either curdled or bitter and terrible. I didn't say anything about it after they fixed the curdled drink I felt bad for the waitress! Overall, I think it's decent to go here if you have a deal. It's not a bad place, but it's certainly no Mortons!
2	We went to the Meritage Steakhouse today.We were met with an indifferent greeting by the Maitre D' and were seated promptly.Our waiter Jerome was upbeat, pleasant and fast in an efficient, graceful way.  We ordered the Seafood Platter as an appetizer and it was very good. Our main course were two different types of steak. I ordered Medium Rare, if in doubt err on  the rare side and my wife ordered Medium.   Our sides were asparagus and twice baked potatoes.The steaks arrived unfortunately done in each other's requested state.  Mine arrived Medium to medium well and my wife's a very medium rare.  Not a big deal we just switched steaks despite them being different cuts.The asaragus varied from a perfect  crispy to wet and soggy.  They had obviously mixed our asaragus with some that was lying around.The twice baked potatoes were good.Desert was creme brulee (very good) and the chocolate cake which was also good. Our coffee and cappuccino were very good.For the price paid I was disappointed.  I would have gladly paid more at Morton's or Fleming's.  For the same money Ruth's Chris or The Keg would have been a better bet.I am giving this two stars due to the fantastic service provided by Jerome.
5	I took my girlfriend here for a special dinner and we absolutely loved the place! Had the seafood platter to start which was amazing.We went with a New York strip medium rare and a Filet medium- similar to another review I saw on here they switched the cooks on the steaks so they may have a slight communication issue on their meat section. I'm a big medium rare guy and i have to say that the new york strip had SO much flavor at medium I couldn't bring myself to waste a gorgeous steak so kept mine, but had them refire my girlfriend's filet. The manager personally escorted the steak back to our table to ensure that it was too our liking- many times a refire doesn't turn out well and comes back way over done and dry- they came back like it was medium the whole time, so they did an excellent job and we were quite satisfied. This was handled in such a way that I feel that this still warranted a 5 star review especially based on the rest of the meal.For the steak sauces I did the blue cheese butter and she did the peppecorn demi glace... I have to say I loved the blue cheese butter but the demi was OUT OF THIS WORLD good! Highly recommend it.For sides we did mushrooms and mac and cheese which was FANTASTIC- use a little bit of that demi sauce for the mushrooms, trust me :)I've noticed many positive reviews for their waiter Jerome and I want to reiterate as well that his service was nothing short of fantastic, some of the best I've had in a fine dining restaurant. Friendly but not fake and attentive but not overbearing. I think it's incredibly important to recognize great service when you get it and I'm glad to see others as well- the excellent service more than made up for the mishap in the steaks so it's the service that made this a 5 star review!
5	The restaurant was accommodating when we asked for the dinner menu at lunch. Steaks were outstanding the New York Strip bone-in was so tender and flavorful.
4	Last night of a work meeting at the JW and we stopped here with the team.  Nice atmosphere and solid service.We chose a plethora of apps that included oysters, crab, lobster.. and who can resist lobster mac 'n cheese?  I always feel funny eating east coast oysters so far west.  They were OK but I would have prefered to see some west coast varieties on the menu.I went with a filet for my entree and it was outstanding.  Perfectly prepared and properly rested before being presented.  It was a melt in your mouth food fest!
3	We came here for a dinner using a gift Groupon and we had a interesting time.Meritage is a steakhouse located inside the Desert Ridge Marriott and has a captured clientele.  It has a bar area nearby and can get very busy with everyone coming and going through the restaurant from playing golf.  I do not know the hotel well enough to know if this is the unofficial 19th hole, or if there is another reason for the confusion.  But it clearly detracts from the relaxed feel of an upscale steakhouse.As for the food, one of us had Chicken Breast and the other a Filet Mignon. It was priced close to what you would expect to pay at Morton's, Ruth's Chris or the Capital Grille, but without the extras that those steakhouses normally provide.The wait staff was excellent and made up for our nonplussed meal. If it wasn't for the gift card, we probably would never have came here.  Sadly, given our experience we will stay closer to Kierland if we want steak.  There at least, we can hear our conversation and not be distracted by folks walking by our table every few minutes.If you do not mind a short ten minute ride, I would highly recommend you explore the Scottsdale Road/Kierland area as a alternative.  Sorry!
4	The customer service was fantastic. The portions were small, but I left satisfied after the wine and bread/butter. Not to mention dessert. They accomodated my vegetarian preferences and the chef designed a fabulous portabello creation for me. They did not overcharge, either... Overall, a good fine dining experience.
4	My husband and I were staying a the JW for the weekend on a Travelzoo deal, and we had also purchased a Travelzoo deal for Meritage.  I think we paid $69 for a voucher for 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, 2 sides, and 2 desserts.  We had a late reservation, so the place was pretty cleaned out, but that worked in our favor as we enjoyed more privacy than I think we normally would have.  The decor was cool - not modern cool, but the cowhide chairs and the high top tables fit the embiance of the steakhouse.  As others have stated, they are definitely trying to be similar to Capital Grill or Flemings with the structure of their menu and their pricing.  We ordered the seafood platter as our appetizer to share.  It was very large and I wish we had ordered something else because it was too much food and I wasn't very hungry for dinner.  The shrimp was wonderful, as was the homemade cocktail sauce.  The lobster tail was very overcooked, but everything else was fine.I ordered the 6 oz filet with bleu cheese butter and my husband ordered the cowboy rib eye.  Both of our steaks were cooked perfectly and were delicious.  Were they as good as Flemings or Capital Grill?  I'm not sure about that one.  For the price we paid, they were fabulous, but if we had paid full price I'm not sure I would have been satisfied.  We had the mashed potatoes and the honey bourbon carrots as our sides and they were both WONDERFUL.  We were both very full from dinner, so we ordered some lighter desserts: the milk chocolate creme brulee and the vanilla and bourbon gelato.  They were both good, but nothing to write home about.The service was VERY good, I have to say.  Our server, Marco, was very knowledgeable, friendly, and attentive but not too much so.  I would definitely return, but only if I had another coupon special like I did this time.
4	Started with a dirty martini. I like mine with Blue Cheese stuffed olives and Grey Goose. Its only gonna run you $16 a drink! The olives were awesome! haha. Starter i went with the seared ahi tuna... Best tuna I have ever had in my life and I eat tuna everywhere. The Calamari is average at best. I had the new your strip with the butter garlic and for the price... I would have been happier at the keg, quite honestly. The lady friend had the scallops and those were cooked perfect! this place is pricey, i have no problem spending $200 on dinner for two but when its all said and done. I don't feel like the price was justified. I would rather go to city hall.
3	A group of us (12 adults) were staying at the JW and wanted to have a nice dinner.  I spoke to Aaron Lee (group dining coordinator) and he set up the reservation at the Meritage.  They don't have a private room so we got a corner table.  I had preordered 2 seafood platters, calamari/shrimp , and sweet potato fries.  We arrived and was promptly escorted to our table.  At 8pm on a Tuesday night, they dining room was only at approx 40% capacity.  We were immediately served water and cocktail orders were taken.  Cocktails were a tad pricey at $15.  I tried one of their signature cocktails (pomegranate and whiskey concoction) and thought it was good, just not $15 good.  We ordered some white and red wines as well (fair selection).  The seafood platter was nice.  Oysters were decent.  You have to ask for the drawn butter if you want it with your crab legs and lobster.  I thought that made it better.  People said the calamari and shrimp was over seasoned and I would have to agree.  Fries were just fries.  For my entree, i opted for the prime rib (medium rare) and the rest ordered the rib eye.  I thought my prime rib was cooked perfectly.  I liked the smokiness that was hyped up.  The entrees didn't come with any sides.  We ordered the cream of spinach, mash potatoes, and mushrooms.  The sides were just ok.  I still would prefer Lawry's prime rib and their sides over this.  The rib eyes were good.  We had some issues with the temperature of the rare and medium rare.  The waitress initially came out and made it seem as if we were wrong ("when you see it in better lighting, you would see that it was cooked properly) but sent it back.  I mentioned to her that rareness is judge not only on color but temperature.  And the steak she brought out was too warm to be called rare.  The chef came out himself to apologize and made sure the new ones were cooked well (and they were).  He also sent out some extra sides.  From that point on, service was great.  Actually it was great throughout.  We ordered a couple of the desserts. The banana cream pie was awesome but the creme brulee (chocolate) was just ok.  My last complaint was that we had a package with the hotel and was suppose to receive free appitizers and desserts.  I thought the group coordinator would pass this along to the restaurant.  We never got the freebies.  And when I wrote the coordinator about it, I did not get a respone...All in all, this pace was decent and deserves a 3.5 star rating.  It doesn't really stand up to the Flemings, Maestros, or the other high end steakhouse.  But for being on the resort property, not a bad choice.
3	Excellent service by Jerome and other members of the service staff. The lobster macaroni and cheese was very good. Tasty and creamy. There was enough for a meal in itself. The tuna tataki was also good.  But the main dishes were lacking something; like a sauce or gravy. The wild mushroom which was a side dish would benefit from a wine sauce. The same could be said about the asparagus. The complementary mini root beer float was nice. My overall impression is great service, nice scenery but average food, over hyped and over priced.
4	Jerome made our dinner experience great. All his suggestions and recommendations were exactly what he said they were. We each had a glass of wine (happy hour), shared the lobster Mac, beet salad and twice baked potatoes. Hubby had the salmon and I had the pork chop. Protein was cooked perfectly. Wonderful flavors in all the other dishes. Complimentary banana cream pie all for $100 before tax. Glad we chose this place for our last night in Pheonix.
4	We had a really good time at their beer and food pairing dinner event. Food was delicious and beers were perfectly selected for each course. I would definitely attend another one in the future.
2	Poor service and not prepared well.That is the review Don't need to say much moreSent steaks back 2 times.  And it is a steak placeEnough said
5	If staying at the hotel, the resort fee includes a free appetizer or desert for each entree ordered. They give little extras that are special. Tonight's was an amuse starter which was a little crustini with a bit of crab salad.  We savored each bite of the pork belly appetizer (which was free with our hotel stay), then enjoyed the fresh pop of the pomegranate seeds mixed with the jicama and greens in a delicious white balsamic dressing in the Meritage salad. The lobster tail was sweet and tender. Service is impeccable.
3	We dined with a Travelzoo deal of $79 for two and still paid an additional $77!  It wAS an additional $10 total for two 12 oz rib eyes and $19 in cocktails and they automatically add 20% gratuity ($30).  Service was excellent, the beef cheek appetizer and the banana creme pie were exceptional but the rib eyes were not that melt in your mouth, moaning, cant wait to take your next bite experience.  It's a nice restaurant but it won't be on our list of places to dine when we are in Phoenix.
2	Food was pretty good but the staff are a bunch of zombies walking around with absolutely no customer service let alone personality. Out bar tender Steven acted as if he was in hell and provided a borderline unpleasant experience do to how non personable he was.  Not to pick on Steven but this was a common trend with ALL the staff.... Not sure I'll come back again.  Try smiling guys!!!
2	We had a group of at least 30. Most of us (couples) had resort credit. First they told us they couldn't accommodate the separate bills until we complained. Two patrons NEVER got their meal. Crap. Py.. Some people paid before others got their food. L.A.M.E.
2	I expected this place to be more expensive than out usual steakhouse, and I wasn't disappointed.  Overpriced for what we got, totally so. Service was mediocre, though the waitress did write the name of my wine for me on a business card so I could find a bottle later. We saw nothing in the entrees that was appealing enough for the price, so we had French Onion soup, outstanding, and shared a baked mac n cheese with lobster ($18!!!!!) which was ridiculously small.  Bread served was a bland sourdough, with tasteless butter, should be salted, and per waitress it is a Vermont cheddar butter.....no cheddar detected by us. My wine, Sivas Sonoma, was the only shining star, excellent for the 9$.  Recommend you take you money to Ruth's Chris instead, or at least make reservations so they seat you in the dining room and not the bar.
5	We travel quite a bit and the dinner here was excellent , Marco was an awesome waiter and really pointed out some wonderful choices! The cowboy steak was my favorite and the prime rib and fillet were great also! Mark the supervisor checked in on us to make sure everything was top notch, kudos to meritage!!!
4	We've been in twice for date nights and look forward to returning!The service is excellent, and if you go early enough, you should walk around the JW since it's absolutely gorgeous.  The prices are pretty steep, but if you're OK forking over some cash for a quality meal, you shouldn't be disappointed.  Our favorite appetizer is the lobster mac n cheese.  YUM.The first time we came in, both my girlfriend and I got food poisoning from something we ate at the restaurant.  This definitely spooked us from returning, but the very kind manager convinced us to come back, and our second visit was absolutely perfect.Enjoy!
3	If your a foodie like ME, walking into this restaurant is going to make you want to walk right back out.. I'm not saying give it a chance, but go with your gut instinct ;) lets just say you take the plunge :0. .. Every server here is Eastern European descent. I'm German descent, American raised though. These people treat your table like it's a poker table, they just wanna get shit done. That's the service I experienced, nothing American, so to speak. Moving on, so I don't become overwhelmed with myself,the food. Eeeeerrrrgggfml, the chilled seafood (shellfish) platter ($30, not the point, but still wtf) left me thinking, who really is this lame? JW Marriott? No way! Well maybe .. Cuz this platter looks like an unfinished unedited unreviewed drunken thought that the chef passed out on!! Too bad my server recommended it... The summer squash salad was the highlight of this dinner, like I always say when it comes down to earths produce, it did all the work, man just cut it up! Way to go earth! Ur squash rocks. Next up! The steaks.. I had the NYstrip, MW, it was done well, and tasted right, they gained a star.. The mushrooms on the other hand were basic bitches. Oyster n shiitake, w thyme. Everyone knows thyme makes basic bitches old.. The wine was ok. The end.. Go to Roy's. :)
4	My first thought was, "this is gonna be hotel food," but this is definitely one of those books you can't judge by the cover! Two particular highlights: 1) this steak ranks in the top two, if not the top spot on our search for the Valley's best, for it's simple, beefy flavor, perfect temperature and soft, melty texture. 2) the use of beet in the beet salad is brilliant! They are creatively disguised as ravioli casing; tucked inside: a sweet, salty mixture of locally-sourced goat cheese, candied fruit and nuts. The missing star is for the venue: The environment is disloyal to the kitchen. Tucked away on the property with no view to warrant its placement, dim lighting with no further romance... Marriott has a gem here that deserves the polish to shine!
5	Great food, great service, our server Marko was incredibly attentive and polite. Good steaks and great wine selection, in a nice but relaxed atmosphere.
5	We stayed at the JW for a full week and had an opportunity top go here twice.  Both times the service and the food was phenomenal.  It's a little pricy but worth every dime.I had both a NY Strip and the prime rib.  Both were perfect.  The kale as a side dish was great too.I recommend you make reservations, was always busy - not packed but busy.Great wine and cocktail menu.  If it's not too hot, cool patio too.Well worth the visit.
5	We were staying at the JW Marriott Desert Ridge so decided to try lunch here. M y husband had been here before and couldn't stop raving about the lobster roll which is only offered at lunch.The lobster roll is pricey at $19 but it is worth it! PACKED with fresh lobster light on the dressing with wonderful flavour. Highly recommend you try this.My younger son had the turkey Reuben sandwich which was delicious and not greasy as some Reuben sandwiches tend to be. My older son had the prime rib sandwich which was also fantastic. The fries and sweet potato fries were also done perfectly.The food is great here! Check it out!
5	My friends and I came into Meritage for a nice happy hour and it was the best service and attention I've ever received from a restaurant staff. Troy made some amazing drinks! Chef Richard has such a talent as well, the food was phenomenal. Thank you for such an enjoyable evening! Loved Rodica as well, awesome staff!! :)
2	Food was average. If you are looking for a great steakhouse, look elsewhere. This is a 2 star hotel meal. Ordered a $40 steak (sides separate). Tastes more like Sizzler than a high end steak house.
5	Visiting from LA, and stopped by for eats. Food was good, but we really enjoyed our server, Louise. Really personable, outgoing and friendly. Not what were used to in LA...better!!:)). Update: 11/26/14. After leaving my first review, the manager responded with a very friendly message and encouraging words that will definitely keep me returning to this awesome establishment.
5	My family and I had an amazing dinner on Thanksgiving! We had one main server, but all the staff pitched in and helped each other! We were especially impressed with the bartender Paul who not only made exceptional drinks, but was so friendly and accommodating when we walked in and much to our surprise even through dinner!  He came to our table when the bar looked slow and checked on our table! Never ever have we been somewhere with this kind of service from a bartender! We would come back just to sit at the bar and eat if we could be served by Paul! Thanks for an awesome Thanksgiving experience! We'll be back!
2	We could have had a great meal. The food was up to steakhouse standards: not the absolute best but good enough to be enjoyed. One friend had great prime rib and I had a good "shoulder" tenderloin and our wives enjoyed soup and sides and I had good asparagus. The wine list had good, reasonably priced bottles of red. Unfortunately, there were  several very large groups. That took away servers from regular tables of diners. The only way we got the attention of our waiter was by calling the manager and placing a drink order with him. The waiter  was clearly offended but he did provide service after that.  Unfortunately large convention groups get to drinking then shout at each  other. The atmosphere in the restaurant was unbearable. When the manager or maitre d' came by to ask how things were we expressed our distress but he didn't act impressed. A gesture on his part, such as offering dessert or a simple apology would have meant something. As it is, I think before reserving a table, I would advise prospective diners to ask about large groups. This hotel attracts conventions, I guess.  Of course, some restaurants might close to other diners with several dozen in large groups. Bad service and customer disrespect were not intended but resulted from this evening.  Obviously this restaurant can do better when it cares to. The Yelp reviews show it.
