3	I don't read daily print papers.  Why get your hands dirty with newsprint when you can cleanly browse stories online.  But I do pick up The Eye on occasion which is a free weekly also published by the Observer.  It's a fair middle of the road entertainment rag that basically tells you what you already knew, and occasionally has an enlightening tidbit on what's happening this weekend.  And then I wash my hands of it.
4	I'm a fan of the Observer, both in print and online. I think they do a good job of offering a wide range of perspectives and covering our local news and events well. It's a great source of Classifieds, also, for those of us who are constantly looking for new work...I find their online listings to be a bit annoying, as it ventures into CareerBuilder sometimes in a way that I find complicated and confusing; however, the print version is great. I found my first Charlotte apartment through the Observer. I'm glad to live in a town with a reasonable newspaper.
3	Ehhh...the Charlotte Observer may be the best we have around town in the form of a newspaper, but I'm not a fan. While they do cover a wide variety of news much like any other newspaper in town, nothing really jumps out at me about it. I used to read it every morning when my parents got it, but now I only read the online edition. They just changed their online layout but it's still the same ole stuff each & every day. So the Charlotte Disturber will provide you with plenty of news, but nothing about the journalism that goes into it will astound you.
3	I'm echoing Nick here. While this is probably the best newspaper in town, it's not the best. It's just alright, as far as I'm concerned. Maybe I'm being a snob 'cause I'm used to the NY Times and the SF Chronicle, but this paper leaves me wanting a lot more. Its coverage of local news is pretty good, but it's not great at all on a national level, as far as I can tell. And while their sports section isn't that bad, it's a little to informal for my tastes, if that makes sense. Their online products is ok, but it's a little behind-the-times as far as that goes. Check it out: charlotte.com. Just nothing that interesting or impressive. Again, though, it's the best you're getting here in town, and if you're looking for local news, it's your best bet.
2	The Disturber is double the price it used to be yet now it take me half the time to read it. Not a good bang for the buck or should I say 2 bucks for Sundays paper. Sundays paper sometimes is no bigger than a big city's week day paper. Use to be you kicked back with Sundays paper and it would take several hours to read it all. Not any more, at least not from the Disturber. Plus other papers comic section is twice as big and they don't carry on Sunday some of the comics carried during the week. Guess I got spoiled by the Washington Post. Plus the Disturber is to Democrat and Liberal for me anyway.
1	It's always iffy regarding the daily delivery of the paper.  The circulation and delivery staff are inept and incompetent.  When you try to speak with staff regarding this problem, the publisher hides behind a Philippines phone service who lie to you that a supervisor will call you back.  That never happens.  I spoke to my delivery person who gave me the name and number of her supervisor in Charlotte, a Miss D.  The D must stand for Don't Deliver, Don't Call back and DUH, because I have left messages for her more than 10 times and NEVER received a call back.  The only time they call you is when they want money.  I am also told by my delivery person that because I live on the east side of town, the publisher doesn't really care about what we think or providing a decent service.  I am calling for the resignation or firing of the Circulation Manager who allows this third world behavior to happen.  The publisher, Ann Caulkins, thinks this is the Philippines and conducts business that way.  You're a local paper missy, deal with us as locals.
1	This had to be the worst newspaper in the world.  I have never dealt with such complete incompetence from a company.I had the paper delivered for a few months.  They don't call you or stop the paper, they just keep billing you for a few weeks.  Then they stop the paper.  Then they call you for what is a account status call.  Then you tell them, yes, I received a bill & I didn't pay it &  I was waiting for an updated bill.  And then you ask them how much you owe & they tell you they can't tell you that & to call their 800 (aka overseas) number.  You call the overseas number & get a person who also can't answer any questions including what country are you in?I decided to email the company because I wanted some correspondence on paper since I was dealing with a pack of morons.   Oh, that was just another layer or idiots.  They email me telling me that I have to call their 800 number.  What happens next?  I get an email stating I owe them XX dollars until XX date.  I tell them I haven't rec'd the paper in weeks & have to restate this.  I get another email the next day replying with the current amount I owe & it has gone up because it's now including the past 24 hours that have gone by since my original email.  A different person replies to each email.Then what happens?  I get a paper delivered to me!Now I call them & of course their whole phone systems is out.FINALLY I get an email stating my account is closed.  Email is answered in the US & the 800 number is the Phllippines if that helps out anyone else daring to subscribe.  I also previously left a message for some female supervisor in the Charlotte office & never got a return call. You can't even look up your bill online - it does show you how much you have paid though.  A half-assed online site at best to go with the rest of their organization.
1	Just another liberal bias rag.   It's only redeeming use, is for lining bird cages and starting fires.
1	There should be a special place in Hell for those that profit off of others misery.When my Mom passed away, my sister and I wanted her obituary ran in the both the Salisbury Post, because that is where she was born and raised and the Charlotte Observer because she had lived in Charlotte the past 40 years.When my sister called the Salisbury Post, the person was very friendly and quoted her a price of $170. When she called the Observer, the were very unprofessional and after multiple phone calls and e-mails never would quote a price and said the funeral home would have to call them for the quote.That afternoon the funeral director called my sister to let her know the Charlotte Observers quote was $750 for the same obituary that Salisbury Post was publishing for $170. The Observer wanted $100 just to run her photo, which was included in the price of the Salisbury Post.Does ink cost the Charlotte Observer 10 times more than it does the Salisbury Post or do they pay their employees way more to justify charging a grieving family 4 1/2 times more for the same obituary as another news paper??.Even one we edited it down it still cost us 3 times more than the Salisbury Post which ran the full obituary.Its not called the Charlotte Disturber for no reason.
1	I've taken home delivery for over 30 years and the last year has a terrible one. I had at least 5 days with no delivery and at least 8 wet papers. I have a observer install paper box but it isn't used much instead they put paper in a thin plastic bag that will not keep water out and throw paper in my wet grass or driveway. In past it they would try to deliver a paper that day but not any longer,Also I relized there deceptive pricing, I pay on a annual basis but I don't get a full years of papers as they cut back on your renewal date for some special papers where they add some insert and charge extra, even if you don't want.newspapers don't help themsleves by doing this , this is why older subscrbers stop taking. I havn't yet stopped but if this keeps up I may
1	The last year of home delivery of this newspaper is the worst I have ever seen.  When you call to complain, you get someone in a foreign country who can do nothing to assist you with your issue.  I finally gave up and cancelled my subscription.  When I told the person on the phone I wanted to cancel it, she asked on what day.  Isn't that as simple as when my subscription expires?  Getting the paper at the convenience store is more reliable than the home delivery service of the Charlotte Observer.
