5	Stitches is well known throughout Edinburgh for its high quality of alterations and careful clothing treatment, and several members of my family have sworn by it for years.I recall coming in here in a massive fluster, wanting a dress altered for a big formal event that I had coming up. In my usual disorganised fashion, I'd left it completely to the last minute, but rather than eyeing me with a look of hostile, we've not got time for this qualities, one of the experienced members of the stitching empire whisked me through to the back to pin my dress in the right places, and in reassuring tones, told me not to worry. I should still be more organised though.Anyway, Stitches has never let me down in the alteration department, and I'm always confident they'll come up with the goods. Aside from alterations, they also do tailoring, dressmaking and drycleaning.
5	My 17 year old daughter needed a dress to wear to play a concerto in the Usher Hall.  We went to Stitches - they were absolutely wonderful, listening to what she wanted, designing the style with her, advising about fabric, and generally being supportive and helpful.  The result was an extremely stylish, beautifully fitting dress.  She loves it!
5	I had a very strange request - a favoured meditation cushion was torn and strangely didn't have a zip to allow access to stitch internally... not only that but the material was thick so possibly wouldn't fit under a sewing machine. I went back a few hours later and, although it now has a fat scar, was totally fixed... not only that but they refused to charge me for such a small job!The staff were so friendly and understanding, totally brushing away my no-clue-about-sewing-repairs-ness. Definitely the first stop for clothing alterations and repairs in Edinburgh!
2	I have been using Stitches for a couple of years and I have never had a problem until recently. On the last two occasions the person on the front desk has lost the alteration instructions, the second time I even left my phone number in case there was a problem but he lost that too so when I went to pick up my dress a week later it hadn't been altered! I'm afraid I no longer have any confidence in their customer service.
1	I took some extremely long curtains in to have them considerably shortened (by about a metre) and have the hems tidied up.  The day we took them in we said we needed them urgently and also needed to know an approximate price- the person who was there could not give a price but said they'd speak to somebody else and call us the following day.   Nobody called the following day...or the next day...or the one after that...you get the picture! (We are super busy and, by the time were able to chase this up every day they would not pick up the 'phone- we tried repeatedly, and then, by the time we were able to try again it was already outwith business hours).  After almost a week a guy called David finally answered- he said he could have them ready the next afternoon and I explained that we had been told we would be called back with a price almost a week before but he seemed to know nothing about this, however he was suitably apologetic, gave me what seemed like fair price and said they'd be ready the next afternoon.  NONE of this would have been a huge problem, had they actually then done a decent job ('All's well that ends well', and all that) however they then proceeded to ruin the curtains!!! :o(  One of them is the correct length but the other one's hem goes up on a slant and is almost FOUR CENTIMETRES SHORTER THAN THE OTHER CURTAIN...now, 4mm would not be a problem but 4 CENTIMETRES???  Considering that hemming a straight edge on a curtain must be one of the simplest jobs a tailor can do, AND they had about an extra metre to play with, we are really p****d off about this!!!   I will contact them (which now involves more calls and an extra 2 trips to their shop, wasting my valuable time) to see if they can explain and rectify this however as you cannot make something longer, only shorter, I fail to see how they will salvage them.  I will update this once I have had a reply from them..
