5	Dennis, my partner and I, call this "The Pig Restaurant" as they have so many little ceramic pigs that decorate the dining room. I love this tiny restaurant in the heart of the gay village!Open 24 hrs, this French Quebec cafe has everything from soups, sandwiches, poutine, great coffee, braised beef and carrots, hamburger steak, homemade desserts, yummy breakfasts, and so much more. I love it that I can have all choices at any time. Prices are cheap, cheap, cheap!
4	Really, this review is pretty much just for the poutine. I was in Montreal for a week and did a challenge to eat the best poutine in town. This was right up there. I thought the gravy was good, not quite great, but they had everythign properly melty and the service was really good. Also, it was the only place open at 4am around there that served it! The prices are fantastic, nearly amazing, actually. I actually had to look at the price and say 'did they forget something?' to myself. I love when that happen!
5	Just returned to our hotel at 1:30AM from the best plate of poutine I've ever had. The owner was gracious and polite, brought us everything with a smile and checked in a few times while we ate. The place was exactly as we expected - small and cozy with funky decor (most noticeably the ceramic pigs Matthew A. mentioned in his review). We weren't sure how quiet or busy it would be at this hour on a Saturday night, but more customers arrived as we sat... singles, couples, small groups and by the time we left, about half the tables were occupied. It was great to find a place open 24 hours, especially on a holiday (Thanksgiving/Columbus Day) weekend.The menu is quite extensive, with variations on each item. We were tempted by poutine all dressed (pepperoni, mushroom, onions and peppers - the poutine equivalent of a steak bomb sub) as well as many other items, but decided to start simple and try more complex options another time, so we went with the large plate with mushrooms added. The desserts also looked good, though we were quite full after splitting the large poutine and had to pass. The poutine was layered perfectly with gooey cheese throughout and plenty of gravy and mushrooms for each bite.Le Resto Du Village is exactly what a 24 hour diner should be - delicious, generous inexpensive portions, funky atmosphere, friendly and efficient staff and welcoming.
4	This place hit the spot when we first arrived to Montreal.  I had a chef's salad that was out of this world!  I couldn't even see the lettuce under all of the fresh veggies (green, orange and yellow bell peppers, onions, tomatoes, celery) and the Italian dressing was creamy and delicious.  My bf had a caesar salad that he also raved about.For dinner I had a BLT which was everything a BLT should be and my bf had a chicken and tomato club that, aside from the chicken being a bit dry, was decent diner food.  The peppercorn gravy poutine was interesting, but I probably wouldn't eat it.  This was my first time experiencing poutine and I guess I am just not a fan.Overall, the food was satisfying and affordable.  We will probably hit this place up once more before leaving the city.
4	Poutine = aces.  Thanks for rec, Yelpers!  I wouldn't call the location of this place the "heart" of Le Village, more like its south side, but it was cozy, cheap and cheery.  Plus, really, the poutine was delicious.
3	It's a cute, hole in the wall kind of a place that's mostly for locals of the gay village. I ordered the hot chicken sandwich with french fries while my friends ordered different versions of poutine (chicken and another with meat). I cannot be bothered to eat poutine. One of two bites is good enough for me, but i cannot stomach an entire plate of that. Anyhoo, my hot chicken sandwich was not what i expected. It was literally drenched in gravy. So much so that the bread was like soggy newspaper. Not to say that the chicken inside, smothered in a little of the gravy outside wasn't good, but i like my hot sandwiches to be HOT and CRUNCHY. Not soggy and wet.I wouldn't say it was bad. At all. It was pretty good and all my friends enjoyed their meals. Give it a shot if you're in the area and if you get the chicken sandwich, tell them you want the gravy on the side, unless you're into soggy bread.
4	Poutine is one of those things I have to have when I'm back in Canada - it's on the menu at pretty much any place you can get a hamburger. I was recently in Montreal for a conference for a few days. Since Poutine is Quebcoise food, so was determined to not have just ANY Poutine, but the best version of it I could find. After a so so version at a deli, and reading competing claims about various places, we decided to check out this place, in the heart of the Gay Village. The menu had a lot of options, but looking around the room, everyone was having poutine, either as a main or a side.My husband and I split a large, which was more than enough for two hungry people. There were a lot of options - Poutine with mushrooms, with vegetables, with pepperoni, with sausages, with everything. We decided to go with Bacon as a topping, which was a good choice - the bacon was thick, crispy, and generously portioned. But the main event is the Poutine itself. The fries were great - large cut and crunchy - the gravy super hot, meaning that the cheese curds were mostly melted by the time it was served. Definitely going back next time we are in Montreal.
5	We have just returned from Montreal, celebrating the Divers Cite. Had several meals at Le Resto Du Village and it was fantastic. Small, cozy, comfortable, inexpensive, friendly, and great food. Can't say enough good thiings about the place. Just off St. Catherine on Wolfe, so a bit off the beaten track, more locals than tourists. If you want a small diner experience, with the French ambience, and amazing poutine you must check out this gem!!!
4	The bed and breakfast i was staying at for a conference had breakfast but I really wanted to have a nice sit down breakfast on my last day in Montreal. As noted in other reviews the restaurant is just into the village and definitely seems focused on serving the local residents in that area (a number of rainbow items in the cafe) and of course, also a number of cool pig themed items. For breakfast, among other things, they offer a number of omelets and....one of my favorite breakfast items, eggs benedict (several types, including one with asparagus and another with crab). Coffee was provided right away and it was only a short time till breakfast arrived with a nice side of home fries. As others have noted the national dish of Canada, poutine, seems to be a popular item but could just not see having that for breakfast. Overall, a cool (and somewhat funky) little place that is popular with the locals and for breakfast, a good solid choice away from the hustle and bustle of the tourist area - worth going to at least one morning when you are in Montreal.
3	This would be the Quebec equivalent of a diner. The atmosphere is nothing fancy, and it serves all-day breakfast along with sandwiches and about 10 types of poutine. I had the chicken poutine which had some unappetizing grey-green peas from frozen, but the French fries in the gravy were great.  The service was very friendly.
5	Based on the reviews, I thought it wise to at least try the poutine. Being my first time ever eating it, there was SOME apprehension about how good it could be, and I got a combo with a chicken club to hedge my bet. Turns out that the club sandwich had nothing on the poutine. I have no comparison for it, but in terms of tasty food, theirs comes in high on my list!
4	This was my first place to try Canada poutine. GREAT FOOD. Interesting people. Must have.Done.
2	This little hole-in-the-wall, gay-friendly place is decked out with kitchy ceramic pigs and has a cozy diner feel. It's a local spot that's open 24 hours in the Village and a great place to get late-night poutine after the bars let out...but that's about it.The food is  simple Quebecoise comfort food (poutine, hot chicken sandwiches, pudding Chomeur) and breakfast items but it's nothing you couldn't make at home. The portions are large- do not try to tackle an order of poutine by yourself and the prices are reasonable.A big downside is the staff. I've gotten attitude there from one male employee on a few occasions and I still don't know why. That alone is a huge letdown. I hate when staff acts annoyed by patrons- I get it, you'd rather not be here but it's what you signed up for (this is coming from a person who's done their time in the food service industry.) I really want to like this place but the unmemorable and sometimes bland food just doesn't do it for me.
4	So glad our host, Michel, Studio Living B&B, suggested this 24 hr diner for a late meal after checking in. We had poutine at other restaurants but this by far was the best. One negative: no alcohol, canned sodas only. I believe you can bring your own wine, but you would want to confirm that.
3	I've only been to the place twice in 2 years but I find that the food tastes better after a bar trip. The place is small so you would have to tuck your elbows while trying to maneuver your way into your poutine.  I make it a point to check out a food place's washroom as it is my benchmark on quality control.  A dirt spot on one of its walls has never been touched since last year, so unless it's "organic" paint, then somebody has selective blindness.
4	I came here for brunch after helping a friend move into a new apartment. Good choice it was! I had the croque monsieur which was pretty good and a pile of fries. The fries were also really good. Seriously, does everyone in Montreal actually make their own??? Anyways, this is a fun, no frills dining experience and as I have learned, a place to end up after the bars close.
4	Cozy little restaurant with 24 hour service
2	Only eat here when you're drunk and it's the only thing open. The food is really mediocre and the service is bitchy. I got the "chinese" shrimp and noodles. It was macaroni with disgustingly salty canned shrimp. I'm not sure what I was thinking ordering that, but it was so disgusting I couldn't eat it. My friend's poutine was very mediocre. Overlooked fries. I've had better poutine at a fast food restaurant.I'm not trying to be bitchy, but this place is not good.
5	Hours: 7am-midnightAlcohol: noneWiFi: yes, ask for passwordFood: poutine is very goodType: simple, local restaurant
2	Not impressed. Ordered breakfast and instead of serving the toast right away, we had to wait until our meals were ready (which also took a long while). My table was not offered any coffee refills and basically the servers never returned to check on us. If they weren't bringing out the food, then they would be standing in the front. As another yelper mentioned, the food was mediocre. There are many restaurants nearby with better service.
