5	Seriously great must try finally i get to eat great fresh mexican food! This place is nothing like one of those Berto chains, Had the hashbrown burrito and rolled tacos and totally tasted like nothing else i have ever had in AZ! Friendly staff and real clean place!
4	Pretty good little Mexican food place. The portions are large, the service is fairly quick and the prices are fair.  I had the carne asada tacos and they were good. I saw someone order the carne asada fries and those looked good as well and massive in size. I'll be back.
5	This is the best fast Mexican food restaurant in the east valley. I ordered the special #2 which is a carne asada burrito, three rolled tacos, and a drink. The tortillas taste as if I had just ordered a homemade one in Old town San Diego. I will be a regular here.
5	Loved it, fish taco excellent, shrimp burrito LOADED!!! will be back
4	I really dig their fish tacos... they're so yummy in my tummy especially on Friday's when it's a special. Oh and the cheese quesadilla is not made with american cheese but with the mexican white cheese, which is so much better! good eats.
5	I agree, surf and turf Burrito is excellent. We love this place, my kids like the carne asada fries. I also recommend the shrimp cevichi tostadas. Everything we have tried we really liked. Clean, friendly and quick. Can't go wrong with Senor Taco!
5	Great food (my kids love it), very good service and the price is right for what you get - a lot of food !   We've been there twice already and both times were very good.
5	Wow. Moved here from San Diego and have been looking for a good taco shop since. FOUND IT. HUGE burritos. Fresh tasting food and its CLEAN! Great salsa bar with carrots, grilled peppers and hot to mild salsas friendly staff and taco shop prices. Love this place. Definitely worth a try.I recommend the surf n turf burrito.
5	Rolled tacos are awesome & service is always great.
4	Fish tacos are great here.  The bean burrito is HUGE.  This is a better alternative to any of the near by fast food joints.
5	Senor Taco is amazing. Great food, good prices, good service. The Bean Burrito enchilada style with red sauce is so good, beats out many expensive local Mexican restaurants and it is big enough to split between two people. The crunchy shredded beef taco's are really good and taste home made and not generic reheated. The salsa bar is really good and has great spicy and mild options. This girl loves her some hot sauce so any Mexican restaurant that has a salsa bar has special place in my heart. Senor Taco is great. Eat here. Often.
4	The burritos here are some of the best I've had in Arizona.  I recently had the Hash Brown breakfast burrito.  Like all of their burritos, it was HUGE and filled with fresh ingredients.  Probably the best breakfast burrito I've ever inhaled.I have also had the surf and turf burrito.  Very good, but must of the shrimp was clustered in the middle part of the burrito.  It was several bites until I tasted any shrimp.  And finally, I had a bean and cheese burrito enchilada style.  This might have been my favorite.  Mind  you, lest you think I am a complete pig, I did not eat all of these in one visit.  Each time I've been there, the place is virtually empty (mid morning, mid afternoon).  I do tend to go to restaurants during "off" hours when I can (i.e. like 2-3 for lunch) so maybe that has something to do with the lack of patrons each time I've been there.They have a drive-thru which I utilized one morning for breakfast.  Each visit has been quick and the service staff have been friendly and I've always gotten exactly what I've ordered.  Oh - and I really like their salsa.  It's an excellent compliment to the Hash Brown burrito.  I'll be back!
2	I have no idea how this place has so many stars. My boy toy and I have been here twice now and neither time was great. It's just... Meh. Not horrible, but not great. I had the hash brown burrito the first time and he had the huevos rancheros. My burrito had nothing but a fried egg, a little but of hash browns.. And bacon. Then, my last 4 bites or so had sausage. No sour cream, pico, cheese... Very plain. His had the eggs with what was definitely canned enchilada sauce.. The refried beans were no better than the canned beans you an buy at the store. The second time we tried a fish taco and burrito... Same experience. The fish had no flavor and was overly fried. I think Los Favoritos close by is way better for a fast food Mexican!
2	Really expensive for "fast food Mexican". We just moved by here and thought we woudl try it out after reading the reviews on here. It was SUPER salty (yes I eat a lot of Mexican food and LOVE spice, etc. I know Mexican food is salty in general so for me to point that out, means something). The only thing I like were the tacos. They were decent and not too bad actually. The enchiladas were mediocre at best and their rice and beans were plain and boring. Think I'll stick with Filiberto's. They are much cheaper and these two are equal on the playing field of fast food for Mexican food.
4	My favorite place to go for fish tacos.  They are delicious.  I haven't liked the other items I've tried as much, but the fish tacos keep me coming back on a regular basis.
4	With so many decent taquerias in Chandler, differentiating isn't easy. But Senor Taco sets itself apart with tortilla-shell bowls (like a taco salad) and salsa bar that includes roasted peppers.
5	This place is so good, and the staff is super friendly. The breakfast burritos are huge, and the salsa is yummy. the tacos are huge too! my family from Tucson loves it, and even ask for us to bring them food when we head down there
3	Went back.....eh...Staff friendliness went down the drain. She at least cracked a smile, but it was just like take your food and go. She would just hand it and slam the window shut. She gave me my food and walked away, I had to walk back in to get extra sauce (gave 3 small ones that could use at least 6). Still she was gone, luckily they have a salsa bar. Breakfast burrito was good. A little bit too much potatoes, but I feel like every fast food mexican joint does that. They should just call it a mas patatas burrito con uno bacon, uno egg, uno queso, y uno salsa. Joking aside, I will come back. Los Favs is very good.same issue with the burritos...but there salsa is terrible...no flavor.
5	Stupid name, blindingly bright menu, DELICIOUS. FOOD.  My parents have been raving about this place, so they took me for dinner one day when I was visiting for the holidays.I got the veggie burrito, and the behemoth that came out of the kitchen barely fit on the flimsy paper plate.  It was delicious (the guacamole was excellent), filling, cheap, and it came with a side of chips!  My mom got the chicken quesadilla, and I swear to god, it was the largest single serving size of anything that I've ever seen.  She got 2 more meals out of it.  My dad got the shrimp tacos, and they disappeared quickly.I was really impressed with the salsa bar.  Everything tasted homemade, with options that covered the spectrum of mild to spicy.  The guy at the counter was friendly, but he didn't even need to be because the food was just that good.It made me sad that I live so far away.  Chipotle just doesn't cut it.
5	Food is always good. Help is friendly and knows the menu.  For fast Mexican food, this is it.  Prices are reasonable also.
5	This place rocks!!!!! My wife and I usually go to the one on power and mckellips. Its all about the beef rolled tacos, the guac, and the tomatillo salsa! You'll be seeing me again!
4	Very good breakfast burritos.  I recommend the machaca. Very generous portions.
2	The only reason why I gave this place 2 stars is because they have a drive thru and when I placed my order on the phone it was ready in 10 minutes. The food is just ok, like you would find at a much cheaper price from a Filibertos. I expected to find something special about their food since their prices were higher then I usually pay, but it wasn't. My kids got the rolled tacos and when I tried one it was bland and greasy. I got the chicken fajita quesadilla, and was very disappointed. The quesadilla was more like a burrito with so much filling that the entire bottom was soggy and in edible. The onions and peppers inside were cut in so many different sizes that some pieces were burnt and some weren't cooked at all. My husband got the taco enchilada plate. The sauce had way too many different flavors going on.  The only part of the meal that was good was the rice. I will it be going back to this place because I can get better food for less money here in chandler. Very disappointed.
5	Good food. Good prices. Decent portions. Only bad thing is the wait to get your food. It is all worth it though.
5	Wasn't expecting much of this place being from chandler and never hearing about it. But I wish I had food was better than I expected and prices were great. Will be returning to this spot religiously!
5	Damn good Surf and Turf Burrito, I was very skeptical about the sea food in these taco joints especially when I tried asking for one at filibertos and it was terrible, but this place served it up proper.  2nd time here and it's been nothing short of great.   The only down fall here is probably the hours because I live close by and I could really go for a late night burrito that the other failed taco joints are known for.
5	I love this place! Food is great, service has been great each time I've been there, and the prices are so reasonable. I love the breakfast burrito and the shrimp burrito is AMAZING! Everything is made to order and they are quick.
5	Staff is always friendly, and the food here is amazing!!!  Fast, and better than sit down Mexican restaurants.
4	As good as it gets for the fast Mexican /drive through style restaurant. I haven't tried everything yet so cannot give 5 stars but its about there.The carnitas are a must (can put them it pretty much any form, on fries, in burritos, in tortas etc). Beans are good and fish tacos are better than rubios. They give you plenty of food here for the money. One odd thing is they do not have any adovada type meat. They have several mexican drinks (horchata, bottled meixcan sodas, etc)Salsa bar is definitely more authentic mexican style (so my mexican wife says). Nice variety with Red, Diablo (should be hotter with that name), green, chile/oil, carrots, roasted chiles. For south Chandler this is the best place i have tried so far in this genre.
4	Pretty good fish tacos! Didn't like the shrimp taco tho. Chips & guac were delicious. Will come back to try breakfast burritos.
5	I love this place. I always have tacos! The very few and  the only bad reviews I have seen were for breakfast or something other than tacos. I can't say  anything about the other food. The dinner comes with rice and beans and those are good. I am so addicted to the green tomatillo sauce, I purchased extra to take home. Our family loves it!
2	I went here because I saw how many positive reviews it had and I wish I could say what they are saying but I don't agree. The food was a lil expensive for what I was getting. The food itself wasn't all that impressive either. I ordered the Hash Brown burrito and it was a mess. It had bacon, sausage, hash browns, sour cream. and eggs. I wish that every bite I had would have all of those things. I would have already ate half the burrito and I'm barely starting to taste the bacon. I really wanted to like this place but I can't. I rather stick with Filibertos that's across the street.
5	Awesome Shrimp Burrito.
4	I have been here several times.  I really like their cheese quesadilla and the chimichangas have been pretty good.  I prefer it over Papa Chevo's and Filibertos.  Portions are good size.  I do find it odd that it is right across from Garcia's but hey, that's wonderful Chandler, AZ for you.
4	That was some damn fine Fish Tacos and Shrimp Burrito.We always pass this place and assumed it would be like a Del Taco but it's not. Top quality stuff here. Huge Burritos! Loved it.The only thing they need is something spicy. It's just gringo spicy right now, some of us Gringos want REAL spicy. You guys should add a Habanero salsa or something as an option ;)Great grub.
5	Great place for inexpensive, fast food.  The California Surfin burrito is exceptional.  Friendly staff, good food.
4	Fish tacos here are fantastic!!!
4	Better than the chain restaurants. Friendly, clean and well priced. My kids love this place as well.
