4	You know, as far as malls go (and I'm not a mall person), I am satisfied with this one.  I was excited to find that both Macy's and Charlotte Russe exist in Champaign.Also, there's a carousel in the food court that I somehow managed to not notice until my second visit.  A carousel!
2	mall is ok..just somewhere to go when its snowing and cold outside but want to get out the house..and my cousins like the carousel.
3	For a small town like Chambana, this is pretty good. I mean it's no Westfield/Woodfield mall...but you got decent stores, not to mention 4 big department stores. It may feel small cuz of the fact that it's only a 1-story mall (except for the department stores: Macy's and bergners) but the stores are pretty expanded all over the place.Oh, did I tell you they have a carousel too? Pretty rad.
3	This is one of the better malls in this area. They have a variety of stores for men, women, and kids. However, I'm from California so I'm used to much bigger malls with better stores.
4	Compared to the malls in Springfield and Decatur, this one is the better of the three. There are no empty stores and it does get busy at the mall. They have a great steak and potato company which closed in Springfield years ago. I like all the speciality stores that are here. They have a kitchen store, tons of kids stores, a gamestop, department stores, pet store, etc.
3	A pretty decent mall, a few too many empty stores of late though.  The food court is okay.  The carousel is real cool looking.
3	Being a Champaign townie and a current Chicago resident, I obviously have mixed feelings about this place. One side is that it's the only mall in Champaign, so that makes me like it, but secondly, it's not THAT great of a mall at all. The only reason I go there is for the Banana Republic and Sephora, and on rare occasion, Journeys, Victoria's Secret, or Express. It's convenient for xmas shopping but even then, I'd rather just shop online unfortunately.
3	Too many unsupervised big barefoot kids that are much taller than the posted maximum height playing in the kids play area. I'm afraid my 4 year old will get hurt!  Security should not allow parents to drop their kids off and leave them unattended.  Otherwise, the mall is improving with the additions of Loft and Sephora, although it was disappointing to lose New York and Company and Hallmark.  Let's hope the mall is able to add a couple of new stores that appeal to anyone over the age of 19!  The merry go round is a nice feature, which is why I'm giving it 3 stars.
5	Unlike Chicago and its suburbs, Central Illinois isn't full of nice malls at every corner. With that said, this mall and the surrounding shopping centers are a great addition to Champaign. It's not that common that you can find everything you want from higher end to bargain within the area of a couple square miles. This mall fulfills more of the mid to higher end shopping and is clean and relatively nice inside. While it doesn't really have any of the very high end stores, it will fulfill most people's clothing and beauty product needs.
3	Small. Food court isn't that great.For the area and if you grew up around there and consider Champaign as "the city" THEN, the mall is good...but if you've been anywhere else.. especially Woodfield or Indy you'll be disappointed.List of stores: http://www.marketplacemall.com/directory
1	Stay away from The Children's Place! There's an old bitchy lady that works there that's rude as all out!! I went there today to use a gift card that was given to my 5yr.old on his birthday to get him some p.j.'s.Before I even walked through the front entrance, this wicked witch of the store comes rushing up to me and says,"What're you looking for!!??" Not even a hello or good morning!  I told her that I was looking to get my son some p.j.'s, and with that she said "OH... CARRY ON!" I was like, WTF!?  So I just blew her off and went on with my business thinking she was just having a "senior " moment. But come check out, she said forcefully that needed my email address and phone number  to complete the transaction. I told her I just wanted to pay and wasn't interested in whatever promo they were offering. She then said with a huff, "FINE!", and mumbled something under breath. I then asked her if there was a problem, and all I got for an answer was a serious glare with attitude! All I can say is if this is the way this company trains its employees, I'm NOT shopping there again!
4	Landmark Review:For Champaign, this mall is as good as it can get based on the location. It is not a Woodfield mall by any means, but it is better than Stratford mall. The stores are filled out and there is a medium size play area for kids. The main downside that you have to get used to is the one level for the main mall. Occasionally the main department stores will have two levels that can be accessed through the individual stores. There are not too many amenities compared to the other malls. I wish they had a few more department stores, but based on the location I think this is how it will be. The food court has a wide selection that is not too overpriced and a carousel that my son will like when he is a bit older. Hidden deals:1. Nice food court2. Carousel3. Free kids play area
4	A pretty plain regular mall just like the other thousands.I used to go to wet seal, forever 21. Now started working and Macy's and Bergners always have some good sales when switching season. like Calvin klein.
3	Nice mall great stores and food court but they need more seating for people.
