3	Just like every other Bed Bath and Beyond. The ladies at the Customer Service desk were very helpful though.
5	Love this store!  Too many things that I NEED, ok I want...  Yes, this store layout is like all the other BBB's but there are always new items to find.  The employees are this store are awesome.  One lady in Customer Service took her time to make sure the wedding present I bought was wrapped nice and neat.  She made sure the bow was on perfect.  =)
5	I had a wonderful experience at BBandB today in Avondale and am excited to share it with my friendly fellow yelpers :)  I was interested in purchasing a particular item that is a Bed Bath and Beyond exclusive...but unfortunately I waited too long, the item went on clearance and is no longer available online.  I called the 1-800 number and was told that the item was available at the Avondale store.  I talked my husband into going on a little shopping trip with me - we arrived at the store and I asked the ladies at customer service if they knew where to find the product.  A manager (Peder) overheard my request and offered to take me back to where the item would be stocked.  He told me en route that he thought they were sold out.  He was right.  But - he was able to find one on his store computer and order it for me (something I could not do on the internet or through the 1-800 number since the item was showing discontinued/out of stock).  Thank you Peder for amazing customer service!  I for sure received great service - NOT the kind you normally expect to receive from a big box shop.  Pedar is a true asset to this organization.  Looking forward to receiving my package in the mail soon :)
5	Visited this store today for bedding.  Best shopping experience that I've had in a good long time.  Vicky DelGato waited on us and I am so happy she did.  She is the most pleasant, helpful, and knowledgeable salesperson that I have met in 60 odd years.  She placed an on-line order for us for the pieces that they did not stock in the store, rang up the sale for us and was so nice.  Wow, I would strongly recommend visiting this store.
5	This place is awesome! Everybody is so nice & helpful. I registered there for my wedding & ended up needed to make returns. Their return policy is the best ever! No receipt needed and if if wasn't in stock they mailed it directly to my house. I can't say enough about how pleased I've been with their service.
