5	Great prices, fast and friendly!Showed up 10 mins before closing looking for a very specific item, they had it in stock, showed me both styles and then gave it to me for about $55 less than what I could find it for used on Craig's List.Then they loaded into my truck for me, and I left about 5 minutes later!I was so impressed with their service, and thought they needed reviewing.  The piece serves my needs and is sturdy and durable.  It should last me for years to come!
5	This is a great place to buy nice furniture. They have a very large and very nice showroom. The furniture is mostly is very good condition. We bought a chair, 3 framed pieces of art, and two nice lamps with dimmers for 100 dollars. All in great shape. The staff is friendly and helpful. If you are looking for very nice furniture and very low prices this is a place you need to check out.
5	Fellow Yelper Rachel S gave us the heads up about this place, and man am I glad she did. Walking into this place, we weren't sure what to expect... Old hotel furniture? Will it be very old? Dated? Or nice and good quality? Walking in, we saw an iron coffee table from the Venetian that was 20 bucks. That's better than Walmart and it's REAL iron (thing weighs like 50 pounds), SOLD! We kept looking around, they had a really nice leather futon that had we not already ordered a couch, I would have bought on the spot. However, since we had one en route, we had to pass. Hmmm... What's the best way to describe this place.... How about a thrift store with amazing deals to be had, but with all top quality furniture that huge hotels on the strip paid tons of money for to be 4 and 5 star hotels. Yeah. There were some armoires that were HUGE gorgeous wooden pieces that were used as the TV/mini fridge area in places like Venetian that were under one hundred dollars! Seriously!It's all awesome quality, and some things are at dirt cheap prices. They even had 15 dollar old DVD players! I mean seriously, why buy a DVD player anywhere else?!Even better, ALL of the staff were super super super nice, and they helped us with all our questions and loading up the coffee table. They also have 1500 thread count 100% Egyptian cotton beautiful sheets for 40 bucks plus tax. We were told they order those straight from the manufacturer so it's something they always have in stock. Some of the furniture was definitely old looking, and grandma ish style... But there was also some incredibly nice and stylish pieces. There were some really really nice kitchen table sets in there, and leather couch sets that were between 400-600 bucks. I would feel much better buying it from a place like this because unlike other stores, you know this furniture was bought because they were super high quality to last extremely long in beautiful hotels. These are places that don't buy junk, so here you can get insane prices on top quality furniture. Only in Vegas!
5	Hotel quality furniture for super cheap!! Bought a beautiful couch for $180, and a 3 piece table set for $98. Definitely recommended this place if you're looking for trendy and cheap furniture!
5	Friendly staff at the store, good selection and prices. Wish they had an email list for new pieces as they get them. Delivery is a little pricey, but still reasonable if you're buying several pieces. Happy w our purchases, will come back for more!
5	This has to be one of the best stores I have ever shopped at. The furniture is really good quality at AWESOME prices. The staff is also very  nice. Highly recommend them.
5	Wish there were more places like this back in LA! They have the Amoire that is under $50. If it wasn't for the distance we would've gotten a couple and brought them home for our families! My brother found this place. We got 4 end tables and a couch for under $200. The couch had some stains on it but no big deal. They do charge a delivery fee. It's cheaper if you live within 10 miles of the store BUT you may have to wait for them to deliver because they are backed up on their deliveries. U-haul is not too far away so we decided to just spend the extra money to rent a van and picked up everything ourselves. Worked out great, plus it was much cheaper that way. They seasonally get new things depending on which hotels they are working with. But I'd be interested in stopping by next time we stop by Vegas just to see what new things they have.
5	Love, love, love places like this. This place is truly a treasure hunt. Sometimes they have a million things I want and sometimes nothing. The mystery is worth it. I scored some awesome pieces from the Four Seasons at amazing prices. My place is looking like a million bucks on a shoestring budget. Thanks for the tip yelpers!
