4	I didn't have much to say about this place until my apartment got flooded. They were really nice and help us with every step of the way.
1	Do not move here. I moved in when it was Tempe Groves and it was perfect. I have now lived here for 2 years. I am counting the day until I move. The pool by the main office looks nice and is some times working. The second pool is always broken and I swear they have only one motor between the two hot tubs. The work out center looks pretty but if you actually try to use any of the equipment you will find most of it is broken. The rent is going up by $155 a month and 855 just for a one bedroom is outrageous. The "upgraded" apartments have a two tone color paint. shitty "wood" floors and the appliances aren't upgraded they are just black instead of white. If you wanna waste your time and check them out go a head. The people in the office are rude and are always changing. The manager is really mean and no there will work with you. I hate this place and can't wait to leave.
1	Tempe groves  was way better. They change a few pipes, add minor things, and then raise your rent. Two bedroom rent was 800/month including utilities and Internet. Now it's 950 not including utilities. Any good apt. seeker would not choose this place. Started packing 3 months before lease is up. Not to mention the community. Tempe groves had a nice community. Not anymore. Stay away. Office before was modest and nice, now it is ridiculous, just looking at their "fine" office desk you can see where your rent is going. Please find some place better. Tempe groves was okay, 909 west is not a good deal. Ask any past residence.
5	Those reviews sound like other companies bashing. I actually live at 909 and my apartment is amazing!  So is Cathie. And we are getting a dog park!  I love it here!  Don't hesitate to move here!  It's awesome.
5	My family and I were considering moving to 909 West but then had a great opportunity and ended up moving out of state. The reason I am writing this review is because I cannot remember a more pleasant experience with any visit to a business. Not only was the entire crew (staff?) so outgoing and fun, but they were also very well informed on what schools were near and what different parks and attractions were close.  It turns out 909 West is super central to all the activities in the Phoenix Metro area. And because I travel for work, I love that it's only 10 mins. from the Airport (but without the noise pollution)!The environment in the renting office was so warm and friendly that I would have wanted to live here just to be able to hang out with these people. This is a beautiful place to live (pools, hot tub, gym & plenty of parking). If we had remained in Arizona I would have made sure 909 West was my home.
5	These apartments are beautiful, the front office staff were so polite and super friendly. I felt at home the minute I walked through the door! I worked specifically with Andrew and he was such a doll! I couldn't be happier here.... if you havent checked them out, please do!
1	Never again. This place turned out to be a nightmare wrapped in a smile which turns out to be a giant spider. Which I'd like to complain about but even the bugs don't live close to giant electrical lines. The leasing office is shady and the amenities are rarely open, the location is not really near anything but work for most and the security guards harassed my myself and my guests on more than one occasion. Probably due to the fact that we've had police surround our complex over 8 times in the year I've lived here. 0/5 if i could.
1	I think it is rather amusing that the top comment for this place is from someone who never lived at 909 West. This place is not a complex I'd ever recommend. Having worked in property management,  it was rather horrifying to see the shenanigans and carelessness that happened. One of the biggest things that stand out was the renovation period when they hired contractors to pull the wooden slats that decorated the patio. The slats were gone in one day, but rusted nails and splintered wood covered the balcony for DAYS. Health hazard to the extreme. Also, at one point during the stay, I ended up having to put multiple pots and buckets underneath all the sprinklers because when it rained, water would leak from them. It was also rather sketchy that security guards spent most of the time in their cars in the back of the parking lot. Not surprising that I spent many nights watching squad cars roll in and out for burglaries.
1	We used to love this place until our rent keep going up. The leasing office people are hard to work with and the place actually start breaking down. And they never fix anything anymore at all. And heard a lot of bad experiences from the neighbors about people in the leasing office are  horrible and not very helpful. Well, we plan to move out anyway and will never recommend this place to anyone. I walk pass behind the G garage for months where's the mailbox is to pick up my mails and the huge puddle and very stink and also mosquitoes flying around on it, awful. Feel sorry for people that live in the unit near by.
4	I swear, some people just live to complain. The place is FINE! I'm in the middle of my second lease there. It's a nice area and the people in the office have ALWAYS been professional and polite. I've never had issues with bugs, but at least half of that is because I keep the place clean. It's close to everything, too. The only reason I didn't give it 5 is because I'm cheap and I want the price to be lower. All in all a great place to live.
2	I have lived here for a couple months and have to say other than the great customer service at the office theres a couple things I dont like about living here. 1) They charge you$ 30.00 a month just to have covered parking. Parking should be free this is the only apartment that they charge for parking ive ever heard of. The ofdice says its because of the layout, but they have a lot of room they can add covered parking.2) There is lots of suspicious activity that happens in the parking lots at night due to "the free" parking area being so close together and a grocery store parking lot feeling. 3) you cant walk in the grass without stepping in dog poop. They need to have better pet policies and enforce using the dog park.
