5	This place is awesome! Great location minutes away from the strip. Drinks are always cold and the staff tend to every need and are vary social. I Love the fact that they have TVs and comfortable booths. Drink prices make me wanna drink again and really affordable. I really really like the fact that they have Hookah 24 hours no place on the strip with this environment has hookah. The art work and design gives me a feel of comfort and makes you think of the prohibition times. They definitely put allot of hard work in bringing the culture into Las Vegas which this city needs. Every one that goes says this place just sucks you in you never wanna leave great environment gave this place 5 stars because that's truly what it deserves awesome awesome awesome awesome go for happy hour thank me later :) see ya there!!!!
3	I ducked in here to dodge the swirling 40 mph winds outside on Fremont St.  It was pretty bad and since I didn't feel like gambling at their tables, I took a seat at their bar and ordered a PBR while I waited out the windstorm.This place was pretty clean and nice, not too rundown.  The bartender was very sympathetic and unaware of the windstorm conditions outside so I pointed it out to him and he got the idea!  As always, a very tempting video poker machine was right in front of me where I sat and although I have to admit that it was tempting to play, I knew I wasn't going to stay long so I finished my beer and headed out.I guess it was fate that I never planned to come in here if it weren't for those Nevada swirling wind conditions!
5	1 mile off the strip..great little bar just opened up..owners are cool bartenders are great..all remodeled clean bathrooms good gaming.cheap drinks what else can I say $3.50 for a crown and coke..the kitchen is going to open up next week can't wait..internet jukebox and all the flavors of cocktails you can think of...so fuck off I'll see you here!P.s. right behind the Orleans Hotel and plenty of parking..Btw.Janice works swing m-f...see her
5	This place used to be the Royal Frog. They remodeled and made it all pretty and stuff. The bartender was really nice and the drinks aren't that over priced. I got my ass handed to me on some music history by said bartender and some of the other patrons. They weren't dicks about it, and I appreciate anyone who can learn me some. I also met some notable musicians who have had some admirable influence in rock history. Overall a good and unexpected night.Worth going back.
5	Great service, great food, & machines paid well.  I will definitely go back.   Nice to go to the bar & not spend a fortune to receive the kind of service you deserve.
4	Drove down Arville and came across this place . Found out that they have hookah! Found out the guy who makes the hookah used to work at Olive so he knows what he's doing . Hooked up a cool mix for me to try out . Good craft beer selection too! My bartender's name was Krista and she was amazing ! Great personality and great bartender. I will def be back.
5	Nice little friendly bar. Haven't tried the food yet but heard it's awesome. Swing shift is my favorite time to go on the week nights. Janice is the bartender then and she gives the best service like everyone is VIP. Lot's of different games and machines to choose. I like the variety because I get bored playing the same game and like to jump around different games.
1	Stopped by this place, it's totally dead.  Machines just eat your money, overpriced hookah that they don't really know how to make.  Totally disappointed at the changes that happen between August and now.  They used to have great hookah, that was well priced and great staff...
