2	We chose toasted blueberry bagels with cream cheese.  The bagels were okay though I would be surprised if anyone from NY would have been pleased.
2	Brooklyn Bagels is a all around good alternative to Einstein if your not fortunate enough to have one close by.  The stores are usual smaller than most Einstein's and offer a lot less selection wise.  The bagels are good not great but then again it's hard for someone from the East coast to really enjoy a bagel or a donut out west.
3	I needed a Starbucks boost before work, and spotted Brooklyn Bagel Deli in the same shopping center. Since my tummy was a little rumbly, and my coffee stop was potentially going to make me a few minutes late for work, I decided to get a dozen bagels for my co-workers. A dozen assorted bagels and a thing of plain cream cheese set me back around $13.  I asked if they could be sliced, one employee said they could but apparently did not relay the information to the employee that actually bagged my bagels as they were not sliced. The bagels themselves were fine other then the lack of slicing. Not exceptional though. I will probably go to an Einstein's next time instead of back here...
3	The bagels are good, but I take them home and cream cheese them myself. They always seemed a little short staffed on Saturdays and I get a little nervous as just because you have gloves on does not mean it is sanitary to hold frozen sausage and then reach in the bagel bins for someone else..that type of thing could be improved, but they bagels are always fresh..
2	The bagels here are overpriced and mediocre.  But, it's in the neighborhood so we stop by occasionally due to proximity.  The bagels are essentially round bread instead of bagels.  They do seem to provide some community activities.  A large banner outside advertises chess for kids every Friday evening.  So, I appreciate that.  Brooklyn Bagel Deli is there when you want bagels and aren't too finicky about the quality.  It's along the lines of Big Apple Bagels and other equivalent pseudo-bagel joints.  But, my experiences have been that staff is friendly and well, it's better than nothing when the lazy-weekend bagel craving hits.
2	It's hard to find a great bagel in the desert.  But maybe that's appropriate for a sparse water climate since one step in the bagel-making process is soaking the dough in boiling water.  So us desert-dwellers are left with a variety of corporate chain bakeries serving up bagels that are . . . well, good enough. Once you accept that you can't always get what you want, Brooklyn Bagels is . . . well, good enough.  They offer a well-stocked selection of bagels (plain, everything, asiago, chocolate chip, etc.) and a wide-selection of cream cheese flavors (plain, fat free, honey, jalapeno, etc.).  It's hard to insult a well-stocked place.But Brooklyn Bagels only gets two stars because it is so over-priced.  A simple bagel and cream cheese costs $3.  Seriously.  3 bucks.  And at the risk of becoming the old grumpy man of Yelp, talking about how much it cost way back when, $3 is at least $1 too much for a bagel and cream cheese.  Seriously, it's a simple, non-complicated baked treat ($2.04 at Dunkin Donuts).  But if you're looking for a quick over the counter breakfast place, you could definitely find worse.  They also offer a variety of egg dishes, breakfast wrap sandwiches and pancakes.  That's a nice touch.
5	Good food and good atmosphere. Great place to stop by for a breakfast or lunch sandwich!
4	I love me some bagels & cream cheese and when I want to satisfy my cravings I head to Brooklyn Bagel Deli. I'm a plain jane kind of girl so I normally stick to my "usual"... plain bagel, toasted with plain cream cheese and a Dr. Pepper. It never disappoints. You can see the employees making the bagels fresh, right in front of your eyes early in the mornings. The cream cheese is so rich and creamy, it's unlike any other bagel joint around town, they are cheaper than Einstein Bagels and the staff are always courteous and helpful.If bagels aren't your cup of tea...don't give Brooklyn Bagel the cold shoulder! Try their breakfast spinach wraps, a full stack of flap jacks, their awesome lunchtime sandwich combos or grab a cup of joe!
2	this is a definite "meh" for me.  Stopped for a breakfast bagel sandwich for me and a pastrami bagel sandwich for him.  My bagel came topped with a single fried egg and a very thin piece of ham, plus a slice of cheese.  It was very meh - not much flavor and really not filling!  The pastrami bagel sandwich was better, but had a funky sauce of some sort.  Pastrami sandwich came with chips, but would've preferred the sandwich to be cheaper instead since I didn't want the chips.
1	Im a breakfast sandwich kinda guy and this is BY FAR the worst place in Vegas to get a bagel sandwich or anything for that matter. Not sure how or why but the whole 3 person staff are all extremely rude. Im greeted with "What do you want"! Been there 3 times because its right by my house & every time Ive gone they have been rude and messed up my order. EVERY TIME! I'll never go there again. I would walk 5 miles to another bagel place before I would drive up the street to this place. Cant wait till they close it and replace it with an einstein or anything better.
5	Best Breakfasts, Best Bagels, Best Sandwiches & now.. BEST BURGERS!!!
5	I'm from New York and I don't understand the bad reviews of Brooklyn Bagel Deli. I work for a payroll company and we have an office across the street. The last time I visited this office I had breakfast and sometimes lunch at this place and I loved it. The bagels, cream cheese and even the coffee was awesome so I guess I don't understand why people give it bad reviews unless you were born and raised in Nevada and have never had a good bagel. It was the only decent place for breakfast on that entire street and I ate their every morning for 5 days. To anyone that knows a good bagel and is visiting the many businesses in this area from out of town, I say go for it.
5	I love this place! I can count on good food, fast service and a courteous staff. Their wraps are incredible and my wife is a huge fan of their egg bagels and coffee. Apparently the new ownership has really turned things around. Kudos!
5	I go to this place approx 3x a week and never experienced bad service. True, a small staff but they've always been friendly and helpful. I love the food and I will continue going to Brooklyn Bagel. As I read the negative comments, it makes me giggle because I experience the opposite...every time! Love this place!
5	My husband and I stopped by for lunch.  I find the other reviews odd because we had a wonderful lunch.  The staff was friendly as well. I loved my sandwhich and my husband, who is someone pickier, loved his as well.  We also got a HUGE donut to take home for the kids & they loved it!!  The donut was like 7 inches big!  I would definitely go back to this place again, without a doubt.
5	I have been going to this deli for the last 4 years and let me tell you, its probably my favorite place to go for breakfast.  The food is always delicious, and I feel the staff is very friendly.  It always a good start to your day when you come in, and the staff already knows what you want.  Everyone is super friendly, and will also get to know you.  Overall, a wonderful place to eat.  I highly recommend!
4	Always quick. Always remembered when im around the neighborhood.
1	Always mess up my order! I don't know why they can't write it down so they get the order correct every time. This was my last bad experience I will be having there.
1	Terrible service, no gloves worn handeling food after touching money, the AC was not working and it was 100 degrees outside!  After managment was told about the unsanitary food handling they didn't even say we are sorry or offer and compensation.  They were angry we said we wanted differnt food.  I would now recommend this store to ANYONE!!
4	Yum! I stopped by for lunch and am not normally a bagel sandwich person (not a good bread:filling ratio) but I was pleasantly surprised by this sandwich today. I got there kind of late in the day so they were out of a few varieties of bagels, but the Everything bagel for my sandwich was just right. They also have fresh cream cheeses that I will be checking out in the future. The service was really friendly, but the woman ahead of me ordered her bagel to go and I ordered mine to stay, and the woman flipped the two around. Not a big deal, but still a slight error. Definitely will be back, particularly to try the breakfast offerings or just a plain bagel!
4	We decided to have one of our many recruiters meetings here.  Too bad it was the same day as the big storm that hit Vegas.  One thing I liked about this place was that there was ample seating.  Whether a booth or table, they had it and available.  I love the selection of bagels they have.  Any kind of flavor you can think out.  This day, I decided to get the breakfast wrap instead of a bagel as I'm trying to watch my figure LOL.  I chose to have bacon in there and the wrap was a spinach wrap.  The coffee was not that good.  We were originally supposed to go to Starbucks but it was so busy, we settled for BBD.  Since I was hoping for Starbucks coffee, I think having the BBD coffee was a little let down.  The wrap though, was a completely different story.  It was packed with egg, cheese and bacon.  I seriously didn't want this experience to end.  The cheese was oozing out and the best part, it was a light meal overall!One thing I was worried about though, was the front door.  Looked like there was a lot of leaks going on and the water was coming in the restaurant.  I would definitely say to check the roof with the property management or the next time we have a storm come through, this location will definitely be under water!
3	I frequent this place often, it makes decent bagels but I've eaten NYC Hot Bagels in brooklyn and this doesn't even compare.But its an ok bagel place for sin city
3	The tables are always filthy and sometimes the staff seem like they can't be bothered to deal with you, but the bagels are pretty tasty and they definitely soothe my bagel jones when I'm having cravings.
4	Good quality food and great help for the business guy on the go.  Phone order for 2 dozen bagels, in and out, no stress.  They always come through.
5	For a chain this is a great place, the owner Paula is always behind the counter, she truly cares about what her customers want. I would definitely recommend checking out this place.
5	I love this place!  I have been a customer for almost eight years.  The bagels arethe real deal; that is, they have the chewy crust, like real NYC bagels.They are tasty, yummy, and never heavy.  All of the sandwiches and other treatsare equally delicious.  The staff is fantastic.  Warm, personable, attentive, andvery speedy.It feels like a second home, except the food is really awesome, unlike what I makeat home - LOL
2	For a "bagel" shop, their bagels are pretty bland and rock hard. My favorite bagel is cinnamon raisin w/ strawberry shmear... Well, they failed this combo with a half toasted, unfresh bagel, with a poorly executed shmear spread that doesn't taste like strawberry at all... decided to additionally try a Blueberry shmear... and it tasted like cough medicine.I'll never come here again.
4	This is my Go-To place for breakfast.Tasty bagels and they are quick.I usually get the lox sandwich bagel... the lox has good flavor... not fishy and just the right amount of smoky-ness.The husband usually gets the Original on Everything.... eggs, sausage and cheese all on a fantastic bagel.Their bagels are not dough-y but are big and filling.
3	So we don't come here very often but when we do I'm in the mood for a dang bagel! Most of the time they have blueberry which is my goto flavor but sometimes not... and the killer is it's not like I'm showing up at 11am when you should expect some of the stuff to be gone or still baking. The bagel-wiches are pretty good and the service is friendly but the bagels are not the biggest or the best.
2	This is really a 2.5 star review, but not 3.  I went around 8 AM on a Thursday.  So, prime time for people on their way to work.  It was pretty crowded, and they only had 2 employees working.  As a result, orders took awhile.  I don't blame the guys working, they were doing the best they could.  But, the management should make sure they have help at peak times.I had the spicy bagel, I can't recall it's name.  I think it's the Tijuana.  But, the cream cheese was not as spicy as advertised, nor was the jalapeno cheddar bagel.  Also, it was not toasted, which I did ask for.  But, I chalk this up to how busy the crew was.I had the breakfast potatoes, which were done with diced onions and no discernible seasoning.  They required a LOT of salt, pepper, and hot sauce to give them flavor.  Also, a few of the potatoes were not completely cooked, and crunchy when bitten.  I think this dish has potential, but execution was way off.All in all, I would probably return if I'm in the area, but I won't make a special trip.  I would like to try lunch, so I imagine we'll do that at some point.
4	3.5 starsI wasn't in the mood for a full breakfast at The Cracked Egg so going across the way for an egg sandwich made perfect sense. I'd been meaning to check out this bagel store.  But I was hoping for one of those authentic Brooklyn Bagel places - those great big delicious bagels NY is known for, good prices, quick service.  This place only sort of delivered.  The service was quick but not necessarily friendly.  I'm a morning person and breakfast makes me happy.  C'mon lady.  How about a smile?  The woman at the counter didn't crack one once.  The prices weren't bad but they weren't Brooklyn bagel store prices.  There are a lot of things NY is known to be expensive for... but luckily bagels aren't one of them.  There isn't a cheaper or simpler, more satisfying meal for your money than something involving a bagel in NY.  Paid almost 5 bucks for an egg and cheese on a bagel here, which isn't the worst I've paid in this region.  But that leads me to authenticity...The bagels are kind of small.  Those Wise NY deli chips and the black and whites kind of remind me of back home.  And the place doesn't feel as "chain-y" as Einstein.  I like the dining room.  It's clean and spacious.  There are nice tables outside.  It was a nice little breakfast and I'd go back if I'm in the mood for a bagel.  I just wish it reminded me more of the real deal.
5	Upgrading Brooklyn to a 5-star rating! As you can see by my 150+ check-in's I seriously heart this bagel shop. I consistently receive outstanding customer service. Everyone is always smiling and they take the time to ask how my day is going. Right as I walk in (and it doesn't matter who is behind the counter) they'll get my order started in a jiffy; I don't even have to say a peep. This for me is huge because I am always stopping here on my way into work and I'm in a hurry.The restaurant is always clean, they have TVs hanging on the wall for you to watch the news in the morning, they sell newspapers if reading is your thing and they have large, comfy booths for you to sit in. Their cream cheese to-go is hand packed (which they have a large selection of flavors - think salmon, strawberry, cheddar bacon, veggie & more) and they have a very large selection of beverages & snacks. My daughter loves picking up a Belly Washer and a Go-Gurt to go with her chocolate chip bagel :)They have a Monday Madness special running right now - buy 6 bagels and get 3 free. You can't beat that! If you are currently frequenting other bagel shops, I challenge you to try Brooklyn, just one time. I did many years ago and now I'm hooked!
3	This place is very "meh". I was expecting more; if you have a place you go to already for bagels, stick with that. The bagels were just alright, and they put a crap load of cream cheese on them. It was really busy when I went it, so maybe that explains why my bagel was not warm when it was supposed to be "toasted"
5	I love this place! Been coming here for years and the food is great, my order was never messed up, and the staff is amazing! So welcoming and nice! My family and I love this Brooklyn bagel.
4	Found myself here with my husband and two other friends one Sunday morning when it was my "job" to pick the breakfast place.  I sort of randomly picked this place (I didn't even know it existed) by saying, "Oh, let's see, turn here, turn here."  It was a great choice!I had the Philly Cheesesteak on a plain bagel (yes, after agonizing over the dozen or so bagel choices I ended up choosing plain - omg).  But it was delicious - the bagel was just the right amount of chewy without getting that 'exhausted jaw' halfway through. There was just enough meat and egg and cheese and onions to be satisfying.  If you're looking for a giant bagel sandwich with fixins worthy of a heart attack, go somewhere else.My husband had the French toast which looked amazing and got a thumbs up and his agreement to come back with me again (his version of a 4 star rating).  Another friend had an omelet (I can't remember which one now) but it was an egg white only and looked very fluffy and fresh with a decent amount of "stuff" in it.  He liked it, but wished he had ordered it with whole eggs.  The service was good although there wasn't an abundance of smiles behind the counter but it was relatively quick for how busy they were.  I liked that there were many, many choices of beverages and little snacks.  We'll be back for sure!
4	Got bagels here for an office meeting a few months ago and was impressed.  Unforunately, it took me about three months to get back to this place.  And again, it was great.  Friendly, warm customer service.  The bagels are not too chewy, and even have a little crunch to them.The amount of salt they use in the dough is perfect.  It's slightly salty if you eat it plain, which I love salt so I'm not complaining, but that extra salt really balances when you add cream cheese.They have a good selection of bagels, and of cream cheeses as well.Definitely going back.
5	Fantastic food and service. The employees are so friendly and had my order memorized after one visit there (we have a family of 8 and our orders are not easy to remember). Fantastic breakfasts including omelets and pancakes as well as many other lunch and breakfast options. Love this place!!!!
5	We buy bagels for our sales meetings twice monthly here. Jordan, who knows good food, says they are the best. I'm beginning to agree the bagels and cream cheese are better than Einstein's Bagels - and I didn't think that was possible. I just tried the Cheddar Bagel with Cheddar Bacon Cream Cheese. OMG. And the Vegetable Cream Cheese has nice chunks of vegetables. LOVE this place.
5	Love this Brooklyn Bagel. Super friendly staff consistently. The food is always fantastic!
4	I have only had the bagels here but they are real good.  They definitely have a distinct taste that sets them apart from other bagel places.  To me these bagels taste a bit saltier then some other chain places which I enjoy.  It may just be in my head though lol.  The bagels run larger then most bagel shops.  The prices are excellent.  I need to eventually try some of their other breakfast options they look amazing.
3	Asked the woman what a kaiser roll was and she looked at me and said, "Bread." Really? Good food, no-go on the customer service.
3	I couldn't help thinking that Brooklyn Bagel Deli was Einstein's long-lost cousin.  The menus are similar (although Brooklyn's is much smaller) and the interior design appeared to be a knockoff as well.  I enjoyed my sandwich very much but wasn't impressed by the crumbs on the tables or the dirty floor.  Hubby liked his bagel a lot, but was also less-than-enthusiastic about the subpar level of cleanliness.  I don't want to sound too harsh, but I do feel that eateries should be clean!
5	Love, love, love this place. Unfortunately I moved out of the neighborhood, so my visits are less frequent, but when I want a delicious bagel sandwich, this is the place I go!! Friendly customer service all the time, great atmosphere, awesome food, reasonably priced. You can't go wrong here!
2	The food is always pretty good, but for some reason the employees are off quite a bit....I sat on hold for 15 minutes this morning, as well as tried calling 3 times from my second line to place a Togo order @7 am this would not have been a b ig deal except that when I arrived the was no one in line....The employees had simply answered the phone, asked me to hold and forgot about me....when I arrived I had to inform the employees the phone was off the hook, which they had completely forgot about...This is just inexcusable incompetence considering the time of day and the rush most are in to go to work! As well as discovering at home they messed up my order!
2	5 star customer service? No way! I'm sorry it takes me a couple minutes to look over your menu, but there is no one else in the restaurant... so am I really that much of a hindrance? I still tipped you, and you really want to give me that much of an attitude bagel man? Not even a "have a nice day." Your sandwiches aren't even that good.
4	Stopped in for the first time as i was in this shopping center. Bring from NYC I know bagels. Had a everything bagel and lox. 5 star food. What I did not like was the deferred maintenance on some of the chairs. just covered with duct tape. looks very run down in those areas. but I definitely would return
2	Good lox and bagels, dirty dinning room and staff that needs a little more pep in their step. All in all if you have 20 minutes to kill and you don't mind sitting outside then I would recommend the traditonal.
2	We have been there twice and the food has been pretty good both times. Each time we have to tell them to put on gloves. Last time we went, we watched them use dirty hands to get bagels for the two customers ahead of us. Come on guys, use tongs to get bagels from the display- not dirty hands. We have never seen them wash their hands and consistently go between cash handling and food prep.  Dining room is fairly dirty and they never seem very happy about wearing gloves. Making excuses etc.We would come much more frequently if they had attention to cleanliness and food safety.
3	Stopped by for the first time and ordered the lox bagel sandwich. It was good although they were a bit skimpy on the lox...come on man! I was surprised they offered pancakes and omelettes so I most likely come back to try those out.
3	The wife and I go here for three reasons1- They open early2- It is near by3- Sometimes you just don't want food from StarbucksWith that being said, they get only three stars because they are just so inconsistent. Sometimes the order is spot on and the food taste delicious. The other times not a single thing is correct. If there were other options open before 8 we would probably be picking up from there. Being from NY, I really root for this place, but sometimes they just let me down.
4	I love me a bagel with cream cheese. I've passed this place for years and when my husband started a job close to Brooklyn Bagel I had the perfect excuse to stop in.They have so many kinds of bagels. I was surprised to find low carb bagels too! They are very tasty you can't even tell the difference. I've tried their cheddar cheese bagel as well and WOW! It's so delicious! You can really taste the cheese in it. I also have become completely addicted to their homemade scallion cream cheese. It has chucks of garlic and scallions all through the double whipped cream cheese. I've also enjoyed their lox bagel. It comes piled high with smoked salmon, red onion and tomatoes. It comes with a side of your choice. Just a tip... If you hate miracle whip like I do stay away from the macorni salad.Overall if you dig bagels and cream cheese and are in this area this is the place to stop!!
4	Best bagels I've had in a long time, although I came at lunch and ordered 2 bagel sandwiches and it was $15! I can spend less and get more at other sandwich places...which was my only reason for giving 4 stars.
1	Horrible breakfast greeting/ service horrible ! Very bothered! Einstein bagel forever:)Will not come here again. Not worth the trouble. Made sure to post this though
3	The Lox sandwich is the only thing that brings me back, it's Delish! Service is a hit or miss and place could use some updating (booths, chairs and trashes)
1	Seriously the worst experience I have ever had in a restaurant. Horrible communication between the guy taking the order and the lady cashiering. My order was made incorrectly, I was given attitude for requesting it to be fixed, and the cashier attacked me for not ordering correctly and ended up kicking me out of the establishment for defending myself.This was only my second time here, SORRY for not knowing that the guy taking the order isn't going to relay to the cashier specifics of my order.SORRY I'm not going to stand there and be attacked by restaurant employees. How embarrassing. I can definitely say I will NEVER go back to this place, EVER.
5	First time here.  It's always a good sign when there is a line at 730am.  I tried the Nova Lox Sandwich.. Delicious.  Everything bagel with cream cheese, nova lox, onions, tomato and capers. Comes with a good dill and a side of either potato or macaroni salad.  Add a large black coffee and I couldn't ask for more.  Possibly found my new breakfast spot.
3	Well to start, the lady behind the counter was very nice and helpful..The entire place turned me off a bit, just seemed a little unorganized and maybe not totally clean.The bagels themselves were delicious. However the salmon on my sandwich was uncooked which I guess I didn't realize that's how it came. My husbands Philly cheesesteak sandwich was not amazing. And the French toast bagel had about a pound of cream cheese and not in a good way. Overall let's say I'm sticking to Einstein bagel.
5	First yelp review, but had to say how great this deli is! Bagels and fresh made cream cheese always delicious, veggies fresh, service fantastic and quick. I always order a pretty complicated sandwich in the morning and they get it right every time!
5	I have eaten at the best bagel places in America, including the finest in New York. I am a local attorney in town and this wonderful Bagel place is right down the road. I love eating the lox there and it is superb! I recommend this location without reservation!
5	My favorite bagel place. Whether you want their bacon/egg/cheese breakfast bagel or just a bagel with cream cheese - this place is fast, friendly, cheap and really, really good. They are so friendly, the place was clean and I got my bagel fix, I will be back and back and back!
4	Bagels close to New York kind? They are advertised all the time but fail to measure up. This place is the closest to our hometown bagels. The flavored cream cheeses are a great addition even thoughI like traditional cream cheese the wife loves the flavors. Egg sandwiches in toasted bagel are good too nice stop in the am for a quick bite and coffee.
5	My favorite bagel shop. The staff is always amazing. The food is fresh and so great! They are not expensive, super friendly and food is served pretty quickly. We visit here on a regular basis and continue to return.
