2	I live about a block away from here. Could've been my "corner bar" but I have expanded my horizons across the street to Cafe Milano's.The bartenders are not friendly. They kind of just stand there, hand out mediocre drinks, and rake in tips. They don't make any effort to make your visit memorable.The food is okay. Usual bar food. Nothing really stands out. The drink prices are a little high, and they have crappy specials. Needless to say they don't "hook you up" no matter how much you tip.And it's almost always hot and stuffy. I'm serious, I don't think they turned on the A/C for the entire summer!!!There are better choices within a block, try Salonika's next door or Cafe Milano across the street.
4	Simple but great hamburgers. It's a local place and ain't fancy but the food's good and, since it's a small place, the bar is close by your table! We went there because we wanted hamburgers and these didn't disappoint. Simple food but satisfying.
4	A cool little bar across the street from the parking garage we used during the weekend series between the Red Sox and Pirates.  We went in for a few beers and had a good time talking baseball and sports to a few of the locals that were there on a Sunday.  We didn't eat while there, but I would definitely head back anytime I'm in Pittsburgh.
3	Consistency is the name of the game when it comes to restaurants and unfortunately for Doublyday's, it's not theirs. When Doubleday's gets their burgers right they are hard to beat for the price. For $5 you get a 1/4 lb burger and unlimited toppings (I usually go with an onion ring, lettuce, tomato, american cheese, and their creole mayo). They have specially crafted burgers for a few dollars more, but again, you can basically make them on your own using their free toppings menu. The fries, which are ala carte, are really good. Think mix between the flavor of Arby's fries and the physical characteristics of McDonalds. Also their onion rings are great. When Doubleday's gets their burgers wrong, they are really wrong and make you regret wasting your precious lunch hour in their bar. It seems like their most common error is over cooking the sh*t out of their patties. That being said if the waitress gives me the opportunity I always order mine to be done to medium because they inevitably over cook it a bit. The burgers being left on the grill way too long often times results in a long wait for your food, and as anyone with a limited lunch break knows, this is infuriating CRAZY. I've been to Doubleday's about 5 times and it's been split 2 times good, 3 times bad. I give this place 3 stars because I WANT Doubleday's to be better and more consistent. As a fan of cheap, divey places, I look to this to be my downtown, dimly lit hole in the wall where I can duck into for a break from my fluorescent office life. SHAPE UP DOUBLEDAY's.
3	I stopped at this bar for a drink this past Thursday with a companion while I was waiting to go see a show at Heinz Hall.  From the outside this place does not look like much but it is actually quite nice on the inside with lots of nice and beutiful wood everywhere.  Whenever we walked in at around 6 PM there were not many people in it.We sat at a small table out of the way and ending up walking up to the bar to order the drinks since there was only one person tending the whole bar.  Since it was happy hour we asked the bartender if there were any specials going on and the she told us that there were not.  She was not terribly friendly but at the same time not unfriendly either and poured a fair drink.  By the time that we left around 7:30 the place was pretty full and I was impressed.The bottom line for me is that I would come back here in the future but it is not a place that I would actively look for.  The everyday drink prices are decent for the city but there was nothing special in the experience.
5	This place has some of the best burgers downtown. The bartenders were very nice very reasonable priced also.
2	This is a dive bar across the bridge from the stadium. Not the nicest place I've ever been to, but not the worst. They have decent mixers and beer selection. If you order a draft beer here they come in 2 sizes. Large is enormous and the regular is close to a pint glass.
4	I had a hankering for a burger today, and I got on the web to see if there was anything close to my hotel in Pittsburgh (The Renaissance on 6th).  Surprise!  Doubleday was listed and it was nearly next door.I have walked past Doubleday's many times on my to and from the Renaissance, but never paid much notice.  My impression was that it was a dark, smoke-filled bar that dabbled in t the food business and not my kind of place.  Wrong!I was pleasantly surprised at how clean the interior was.  It clearly shows its age, but it is clean and I was comfortable sitting at one of the tables against the wall.I ordered a bacon cheeseburger and fries and it was exactly what I was hoping for.  The burger is listed as 8 ounces in the menu and I have no reason to doubt it.  I think this is the perfect size for a burger.  It was cooked perfectly to medium (slightly pink on the inside), with a nice dark brown crust on the outside.  It was juicy and had great grilled flavor.The bun was soft and had a nice chew to it -- I hat buns that are too dry, or too crumbly.  The menu says the buns are baked fresh daily and I believe it. A few other nice touches -- the bacon was nice and crisp and wasn't slice too thin.  The tomatoes (I asked for them) were sliced about 3/8 inch thick and were just right.  Too often a place will slice them paper thin, but these had enough thickness to them to make a difference.As for the fries, they were good but not excellent.  I prefer a thicker cut fry and these were shoestring potatoes.  But they were cooked to a great crisp, and they had a slight onion flavor -- purists might quibble that the fries were cooked in the same oil as onion rings or something ghastly like that.  But I say:  Great!  the extra taste is a bonus and seemed to fit in perfectly with the burger and overall ambiance.My lunch set me back $10 with tax for my bacon cheeseburger, large fry, and diet coke.I rate this a solid 4 stars.  There are better burgers out there, but this one was solidly in the top 1/3 of burgers I've eaten around the country while on my many travels.  I recommend Doubleday's.
4	I had an hour to kill before meeting a friend at the Three Rivers Arts Festival.  I walked out of one of downtown's many parking garages and there it was, Doubleday's.  I've walked by it a dozen times and heard they have good burgers.  So I decided to take a chance and walk across the street to give it a try.That could have been the best decision I've made in a long time!  Inside Doubleday's isn't very big, just a bar and a few tables.  I got the last seat at the bar and settled in.  After looking over the menu, I decided to go with the 4 Cheese Meltdown Burger (add bacon, of course) and added a side of fries.  Granted it was just a Wednesday night, but there was also a Pirates game across the river and it seemed odd that there was only one bartender.  So service could be a tad slow with everyone wanting refills.  But my food arrived quickly after I placed my order.My burger was cooked a beautiful medium and the meat was so juicy that when I squeezed the pile of bread, meat and cheese together to fit it in my mouth the bun turned a pinkish red.  It almost made me cry.My only real complaint is that there is no add on charge for sides.  So the order of fries I got with my burger was full price ($2.79).  And the fries weren't as fantastic as the burgers.  But I saw tater tots on the menu so when I go back for more I'll be trying the tots instead.  Plus I just have to love a place that is named after Abner Doubleday, the alleged inventor of baseball.  It leaves me wondering if Abner himself ever had a burger this good...
4	I was in the mood for a burger and I had time to kill before a show, so I figured I'd give this place a try.To get to the point...The burger was excellent! Best I've had in a long time. It had a real authentic taste to it. You know, as opposed to the artificial crap you'd eat out of a fast food bag. The price was right too. It was less than $7 for the burger, and the drinks were average price as far as bars go.I'd go again/recommend to others.
2	I don't know what the hell was up with our bartender, but she was quite possibly the least friendly person I've ever encountered. I'm sure being so close to PNC Park and Heinz Field on game days is rough because they probably get slammed, but does it not make sense to be *especially* personable on busy days? Imagine the tips you would earn for your exceptional service!It wasn't even busy when we went in for drinks (which was part of the reason we stopped there in the first place...it was one of the few places that had open seats at the bar), so I didn't think the poor attitude was excusable -- not that I think being stressed out is an excuse to be bitchy to customers either, though. The Pirates game was still going on and it was a few hours until the Steelers were going to kick off, so they were probably between game rushes. Our bartender was prompt in taking our order, but that's about the only positive thing I can say for her. We asked her to change the channel to CBS so we could catch some of the afternoon NFL games and she changed it to ESPN. She was so unpleasant we didn't even bother correcting her. (I'm sorry to anyone in that bar who thought we might've actually wanted to watch NASCAR.) Then another man came in and asked her to change it to a football game (which we were thankful for since we also wanted to be watching football). She asked if he knew what channel it was on and he said no, so she wouldn't change it! Seriously? How long would it take to flip around a little and find a game? He even turned to us and said, "She isn't very helpful, is she?"We originally planned to stay a while to drink and watch some of the 4 o'clock NFL games before heading to Heinz Field to tailgate, but we headed out after one beer. We would've spent a decent amount of money there if the atmosphere was better. The location is great as it's right by the Roberto Clemente Bridge, so at least we were able to make it over to our tailgate quickly...I grew up in Pittsburgh and always thought of the people there as some of the nicest around (nicer than the people in Atlanta, where I live, for sure!), so I was pretty embarrassed to bring my boyfriend here after talking about how awesome and friendly Pittsburgh is. :(
5	The best, bar none.   It was my first time to Pittsburgh to see the Pirates, and we stubbled upon this place after parking on 8th street.  Boy am I glad we did.  Great burgers, and chilli cheese fries.  We made sure to go back the next day between the Pirates and Steelers.  The place was just as much fun, and the burgers just as delicious.  FRESH meat...none of that frozen stuff.  Everyone should stop in there before crossing the Clemente Bridge
4	One of the most underrated bars in downtown Pittsburgh especially on days of major sports events or other downtown festivities like the Arts Festival or Light-Up Night.This is not a place for a romantic evening after seeing a show.  This is a bar! It's a good burger and several decent beers on tap, all at a good price.  The location is the last, best place to get a drink before you cross over to the money pits on the North Shore.
2	Pretty terrible, but if you need a drink and mediocre bar food this is your place. Below average service and below average food are the standard here.  The bartender was extremely unfriendly and seemed annoyed that she had to "work" in a nearly empty bar on a Saturday night. I don't blame her, but a job is a job.I went in on a Saturday night when there were three other patrons; one was not even eating.  The bartender/waitress couldn't be bothered to get my order correct and the cook couldn't be bothered to make my food very well, much less get a simple cheeseburger out quickly.  It took 20 minutes to prepare a cheeseburger when the cook had nothing else to do, and she still burned the burger and the bun.They have a ton of bottles behind the bar, so maybe this place is good for drinks; but I highly doubt the bartender would know what to do with 90 percent of them. If you have no other options for a cocktail or mediocre bar food then this place is serviceable.
1	Ok beer selection. Cook looks like the bride of Frankenstein and never wore a hair net or gloves when making the food. Bar service was awful, no personality and very slow.
4	Stopped in for a couple beers after the Pirates game. Nice and easy walk, good selection of drinks and bartender was pretty cool with us from being out of town and a bar full of locals.
