4	I live in camden before they sold over to new owners and i must say it has been a great experince. considering my kids can tend to be loud in the pool area they were understanding. Joe one of the mainetance guys is the most helpful person ever. alsways stops to say good morning and hello, to talk and see if we needed anything fixed. I love JOE! lol! unfortuantely my only complaint was with a neighbor who is just petty. allowed kid manners to become adult manners. some mommies should pay attention to what there children do, instead of assuming they have the best child. but aside from racist individuals I am super happy to be living at sierra apts
1	If I could give these apartments zero stars, I would. The management staff (Monica and Erin in particular) was unbelievably rude and unprofessional. I had never experienced such horrible customer service or treatment before. My mother was actually so upset by the way I was treated that she wrote a formal complaint against the management staff. They sent my lease renewal through email and said I had 5 days to renew. By the time I got the email (i didn't have internet at the time) it was past 5 days. They said my rent would raise to over $1,100/month! For an apartment?! Monica and Erin were heartless to my concerns. I would never go back to those apartments and I would never recommend them.
1	I agree, if I could give zero stars I would too. You will move into a hole in the wall apartment that should have been prepared for a new resident but it will not be. Move in with a tool box handy because the only way anything is getting fixed is if you do it yourself. There are many lovely patches of grass that would be a great place to lounge with a good book. Too bad it is a doggy poo landmine at all times. And don't bother going to management. They also will do nothing. This place and Greystar are a joke honestly and i have no idea how they are still in business.
1	I just moved into Seirra apartments and let me say my experience isn't going well at all! It takes too long to get anything fixed. Then you have to fight to get anything fixed. For example,  the refrigerator in our apt make a loud grinding noise when the motor turns on plus it freezes everything while on the lowest setting. The refrigerator is still here. I was told they won't give us a new one just give is one from another apt. I never asked for a new one, just one that works and won't run my electric bill up! Don't bother trying to get help from the ladies in the office unless your a prospective. You will be told to come back. I even had the office door locked on me when I was trying to get a package from the post office.  She didn't even say a word to me. She looked right at me and locked the door during business hours. I didn't want to post this. I wanted to deal with it through someone at Seirra but I called their 800 number and it is an automated system which hung up. So frustrating!
5	I absolutely love this place! The employees rock! Ones name is Leanna and she has been nothing less then awesome!! This complex was recently bought over and let me tell you they are not only beautiful but also have awesome employees which is always a given plus! She has helped answer questions all 300 of them I have had and she answered them all with such a great attitude! Not only that but she knows what she is doing and it makes me happy to say I am in great hands with them!
