3	This is a cafe and chocolatier located in Old Montreal.  I stopped in because I am chocolate fan and this had been recommended by a tourist I had met on the subway.  They sell the standard cafe food (sandwiches, soup, and I think salads) in addition to chocolates. I had a vegetable sandwich which was good, but not outstanding. I also took home a box of chocolates. (There was no way I was getting out of there without one.) They only make a small variety of chocolates (usually with some type of filling), but they are exquisite bite-sized chocolates worthy of your baby shower, dinner party, or loved one on Valentine's Day.  Either way, they are definitely something to share.  The chocolates are sweet without being cloying and each filling is a pleasant surprise that ranged from chocolate mousse to lemon to caramel to some type of maple.  And they are pretty to look at.  Out of a box of sixteen distinct chocolates, there wasn't a single one I didn't like. The decor is casual cafe and most patrons (most look like tourists) stay to linger over coffee.  Table space is at a premium, but you won't be crowded.  Beware, the prices are reasonable for the food, but the chocolates are sold by weight with the price on the steep side (but still worth a taste).  It's right down the street from the Basilica Notre Dame so it's near the Place d'Armes Metro stop, but still a bit of hike.That said, I don't think this place is worthy of drawing patrons outside of those visiting or working in Old Montreal, but definitely worthy of a visit if you are in the vicinity and is definitely a casual alternative to the usual cafe fare in most tourist areas.
5	My wife and I ordered the two lunch menu's and absolutely loved the food. My Sandwich and Soup were absolutely amazing and my wife loved the quiche.I would highly recommend this place for the food. It's also right next to the Notre Dame Basilica which makes it a good stop when touring the old town.
4	Besides being convenient and close to the basicilica, we were actually pleased with our quick snack.  The pain au chocolate was great, the pastry was flaky and the chocolate was melted inside, mmmm, if only we got it when it came right out of the oven.  We also had a roast beef panini served on an olive roll with peppers, tomato, spinach.  The sandwich was premade, but still was pretty tasty after it was pressed.
5	This was our favorite lunch spot during our entire trip to Montreal.  The sandwiches were huge and packed with meat on incredibly soft bread, with lots of toppings available.  The espresso was fantastic and they even have imported beer and wine.  Really nice inside, quiet, plenty of seats and the prices were very reasonable.  Tons of handmade chocolates too.
2	This place was sort of fine, sort of lack lustre, sort of confused. I just wanted to sit and grab a coffee and turn my brain off for 15 minutes between meetings so I tucked into the first cafe I could find near me on Yelp. It took the waitress a while to walk over to me at the counter, she was sorta surly and the coffee reminded me of why I've been gradually turning into a careful coffee drinker (read: snob, I guess.) Tasting a bit of burning and a bit of stale, I drank a third of it and bailed. Reviews suggest the food might be yummy here, and the staff I chatted with on the way out were low key and friendly so I might find my way back here again, but then again, I have many other cups to sip, and promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep...
4	We were waiting for the show at the Basilique Notre Dame de Montreal and realized we needed a bite to eat.  We found this little cafe 1/2 block away and were impressed with our first real meal in Montreal.  We both ordered the sandwich that the waiter explained as a kind of grilled cheese with ham and tomato and we split the carrot & raisin salad.  Both were so so so good!  The salad was the most delicious salad I've ever laid on my taste buds and the sandwich... perfect!  I would go back to Montreal for this little place alone(ok, not quite, but would be a huge perk).  My daughter felt the same way and loved the food.  We split 6 macaroons for dessert and they were also very good.  It was a wonderful first impression of Montreal dining.
2	Stopped here for lunch and was immediately enticed by their grilled cheese on the menu. Sad to say that this sandwich was the epitome of mediocrity despite how beautiful it looked. But looks deceived. A lot. There was a slice of ham between many of layers of cheese on a think piece of grainy bread. The top slice of bread had more cheese and herbs on it with a slice of sun dried tomato (maybe a regular tomato?) in the middle. The problem with the sandwich was that it wasn't prepared fresh. It tasted like it had been reheated after sitting in the fridge for a few days. Also, the cheese between the bread had not melted in the least. Now because I was in a hurry, I didn't have time to ask for it to be further heated and instead dealt with the dryer than should be sandwich. The one redeeming quality was the coffee, which hit the spot and had great flavour.The reviewer who called this place confused  nailed it.
2	Delicious croissants and pastries. However, I went there to order a cake and had a terrible experience. Not so much with the cake, which I ended up ordering elsewhere  but with the service. I waited in line, like any customer, to be served. I only had a couple of questions which could have been answered in less than 5 minutes. She told me to wait on the side and somehow "forgot" about me. I ended up waiting 10 minutes while she served customers behind me. With every second passing I got more and more annoyed. I went back and told her if it was possible to finish serving me because I had waited in line, my turn had passed and I still wasn't served. Finally she came back to me and apologized but at that point I didn't want to do business with them. It took 2 minutes to answer my questions which were prices of cakes and types. I took my business elsewhere to a bakery which is far more customer service oriented and offer products that are just as delicious. My friend goes to concession to get pastries in the morning and the complaint is always the same: poor customer service.
