3	Nothing real exciting to report, as the WMN contains the usual grocery store items--produce, meats, dairy, baked goods, frozen items, alcohol, cleaning supplies, personal hygiene products, etc.  A few distinguishing 'wow' factors:1. Freshly made sushi rolls, which are fantastic and priced @ least $1 less than the other supermarket chains.  As I contemplated over spicy salmon vs crunchy shrimp rolls, I was offered samples of both by the sushi prep team, to aid in my evaluation.2. Red Box dispenser near the entrance/exit.  Now, $1 DVD rentals are within 4 blocks of my house--yea!3.  I haven't used either service but noticed a drive-thru pharmacy and photo center.I hope this Walmart will remain unscathed by characteristics that plague many other stores over time--uncleanliness and annoyed staff.
3	Thank you Dean-Ryan S., good lookin' out!Here I was murmuring grumpily every time I drove by yet another Wal-Mart...apparently they feel that the North West needs lots and lots......and meanwhile the sushi counter was hiding in plain view in a WAL-MART of all places.Not only are the prices cheaper, but they are fresh, and they have EEL!  Oh my lovely Unagi, let me introduce you to my mouth.Needless to say having it warm in a restaurant is far tastier, but unless I want to go by myself, sit, wait, and drop some bigger bucks, this sushi counter will be my mainstay.However, I do have to say the cashier couldn't tell the difference between a red onion and red cabbage.  One word of advice:  slow down and look.Other than that, I agree that there's not really much to the store...but it is a little closer than the Superstore for my kitty litter.  I'm not complaining about the location, I swear... (please don't put one closer to me, puhleeze!)I can only hope next time the sushi people offer me samples like Michelle O. got...maybe if I sniffle and look a little sad, they'll pity me some sushi.So far (and this is tentative) this location gets 3.5 stars from me.Now to go and digest...
3	First time I've been in a "Neighbourhood Market" WalMart. First impression was that it was very clean and neatly arranged (not surprising since it's only been open for a month or two). Second, I saw a sushi bar! There isn't much sushi around Surprise and while I haven't had their sushi, the rainbow roll looked pretty tasty.What I HAVE had, though, is the El Mexicano agua de coco (coconut juice) with pulpo (evidently adding an O to every word makes it Mexican). I'm addicted to it. Bought another eight cans of the stuff on the weekend. Also, they have small (Red Bull-size) six-pack tins of Milo in the mex section. Milo is sort of like Ovaltine and I'd almost given up hope of finding the stuff in Phoenix. Typically it's sold in powdered form, exactly like Ovaltine but with a very unique taste, but this stuff in the six-packs is premixed. Great as an energy drink for kids. Or adults.Apart from that, this is just a cut-down WalMart without the extra stuff that I typically shop at a WalMart for - meaning that I'm probably only going to be here for sushi and agua do coconutto para drinko straight outto the canno. Safeway's closer to me and I got a crapload of coupons yet to be used there.
3	We checked this place out to compare prices to Target and other grocery stores. What I found....prices are essentially the same. Since I enjoy shopping at Target so much more (it is my happy place!) I will continue to shop at Target and the grocery store closer to my house. The good points....It is clean and well organized, and in the frozen section the lights don't come on unless you are standing in front of it. Nice touch...keeps the food in a dark cold area, while conserving energy. But, Walmart just isn't my thing, and if the prices aren't cheaper, then off to Target I go!
2	Ok call me weird but I'm one of those people that is always generating static electricity, and for some reason this walmart is like a tesla coil to me, there's something with the way the shelves and freezer cases are grounded that whenever I touch. Them, without skipping a beat I always get shocked and it's never subtle always a big pop and possibly some numb fingertips, I don't know maybe it's because I work in IT so my body has a natural charge, maybe I'm like the girl from Heroe's and I don't know it,Avoid this place if you have static issues, otherwise the selection is nice and I can't complain about a fresh sushi counter
2	......... Alright. First off, this walmart can be really covenient and all, I'm not going to lieBUT they never have anything stocked, which can also be very inconvenient. There were so many things missing from the shelves today that I needed to get. Walmart has fantastic cheap prices, but if something isnt there how am i going to get the good deal? Lame.
3	great place to shop 24/7.  2 Red boxes located right at the entrance.  Usually stocked, clean, and good produce compared to the other chain stores.  This is a FOOD walmart only, only go here for your pantry items, no clothes, car parts, etc., here.  Has self checkouts to speed things up if you don't have produce, can be a pain if you are buying your veggies and fruits.Another interesting point is that this location has a table dedicated to markdowns, sometimes you can get a deal on products without couponing :)
3	Very clean.  I found everything I was looking for and more.  The cashiers were actually friendly.  No wait and fast checkout.I am not a fan of the layout but once you go a few times you are able to find your needs.
