5	The owner, Sam, is such a nice guy, even if you don't smoke cigars you'll want to come and hang out anyhow! He's very knowledgeable about all the cigars in his shop and is happy to teach you about the different varieties. The space is really cool too, full of reclaimed and retro items, all sourced from Lawrenceville.
5	Sam is an awesome owner and the smoking den is a really relaxing spot to BYOB and hangout with friends. I've been many times already. Support this place!
5	The Cigar Den is the pinnacle of smoking experiences in the Burgh'. If you long for the days where you could relax like sinatra, shoot the breeze with your pals, watch the game on a big screen, perhaps listen to some jazz, shoot pool, or play some cards...then this is the place for you.The owner, Sam, is a very friendly and knowledgeable guy. It is wonderful to see an owner befriend his clientele, and essentially just hang out with them.  I think this sort of customer engagement provides a value that cannot be matched elsewhere in any cigar shop I have been in. He has a handpicked selection of cigars, and the guy knows his stuff!As indicated before, this is a locally owned small business, with all of the unique furnishings coming from other local lawrenceville shops.It is BYOB, so come on down and have a drink, smoke, and make some friends!
5	Great place to go sit and smoke a cigar. Sam really makes you feel welcomed and greats each person that walks in the door. Furthermore, he takes an interest to get to know his customers which is great because that is not typically seen by most business owners.
5	Sam, Sam and Sam. Sam Sing, the owner is pure class. Great atmosphere, a fine selection of cigars, byob, and an assembly of fantastic people. And, they even give you food at no charge. This is too good to be true in this city.
5	Cigar smoking just doesn't get any better than this!The Cigar Den is a cozy house where you feel at home the second you walk in.  The owner, Sam, is extremely knowledgeable about cigars, pairing cigars with wine or other drinks, or giving suggestions for us cigar newbies.There is ample indoor seating, complete with a pool table on the second floor.  The outdoor patio is a great size, or you can sit right on Butler and enjoy your cigars.  The entire house is repurposed from materials directly from Lawrencville.  It is BYOB (for a group of 4, only one $3 charge to bring in wine), and the cigars are quite reasonable.  We sat upstairs, and although the hours said they closed at 10PM, we were having such a great time we didn't end up leaving until 11PM...which was just fine by Sam! Totally awesome.Sam told us they have events every month that they post on facebook...so go like them and go enjoy some great cigars at an awesome place.
5	So the owner Sam is as great as everyone makes him out to be. He told me more things about a cigar then I ever thought was possible. The selection is big for anyone looking for a good cigar. He even has fresh stogs that were hand crafted in his shop. It's a great local shop to support. CHECK IT OUT!
5	So the owner Sam is as great as everyone makes him out to be. He told me more things about a cigar then I ever thought was possible. The selection is big for anyone looking for a good cigar. He even has fresh stogs that were hand crafted in his shop. It's a great local shop to support. CHECK IT OUT!
5	I was recently in town for several days visiting my daughter -a senior at Pitt. While she was off studying, I searched Yelp for places to go have a smoke. I was surprised to learn that there are no places in and around the campus so I took a chance on The Cigar Den after being intrigued by some of the other reviews. I arrived by cab and entered the place and was immediately greeted by Sam the owner. After helping me select a mild cigar from his large walk-in humidor, I was promptly given a tour of the space. He even introduced me to the gents seated upstairs in one of the smoking rooms to help make me feel at home -an unexpected gesture. After a brief chat, I settled down in another room to watch one of several flat screens in the place and enjoy my smoke. Prior to leaving, I came back downstairs where Sam was holding court with a mixed group of men and women enjoying a relaxing Saturday evening. His business intrigued me by its sheer simplicity and made me think about starting something similar back in my home city. I told him what I was thinking and Sam was VERY open about his background and how he evolved his business and indicated he'd be more than happy to help a fellow cigar smoker copy his model. All in all, I was very, very pleased with my brief time at The Cigar Den and will make sure it is the ONLY place I come for a smoke when visiting the Pittsburgh area in the future. Having visited several cigar lounges in the DC area (-Civil, Shellys Backroom, and Ozio) I was impressed by the total lack of pretense at Sam's establishment. As he mentioned to me, "It's a place for the average Joe to come and have a smoke and be in a friendly atmosphere." BRAVO Sam, goal achieved!
1	For all the reviews that talk about the owner's care for customers I did not see it. The store was supposed to open at 11am. I arrived at 10:50 and waited until 11:30 at which point 5 customers were lined up outside. The number for the shop went to voicemail. This is no way to run a business.
