4	I can't help myself, I just enjoy coming in here to see what funny/nostalgic things they have to offer.  I don't usually find anything for myself here these days...as I am a bit older now, but they do have some great shirts (bands and funny ones), a wide variety of make up and body jewelery, and some cute shoes.
5	This store is great. I was Christmas shopping for my 14 year old granddaughter no fun especially at Christmas time. I was fortunate enough to run into Jessica the manager of this store and not only was she friendly,helpful and smart. She actually looked at my list talked to my daughter to get sizes and etc and did the actual shopping for me. I want to let everyone know that Jessica the manager here made my difficult task not only easy but pleasurable.  Jessica is the best and I will recommend her and her store to anyone who will listen.
4	I used to make fun of this place as a teenager but secretly buy everything here. I'm pretty sure everyone did that in high school, right?Well now I'm an adult or whatever and I stopped in to pick up some things for a party. The girls working here are spunky, fashionable and extremely nice. They were friendly and helpful and also went away quickly when I just wanted to browse. The prices are a bit high for what you're getting, but that's nothing new.
4	In high school, I was a big fan of Hot Topic and had a lot of shirts from here. Nowadays, I don't do much shopping here unless I need a gift for my sister-in-law or something My Little Pony related. Hot Topic has so much TV show merchandise and I love it. (MLP, Adventure Time, Invader Zim, etc.) If it wasn't for Hot Topic, it would be hard to get my hands on these items locally. (The internet is another story.) This particular Hot Topic seems rather small, but jam packed with merchandise. Fortunately, everything is displayed well and easy to locate the specific sections. When I went, there were parents purchasing gifts for their children. There was only one employee at the register, so it took a long time to make my single purchase.  Not sure if this is normal, but I would recommend having more employees on hand. Overall, it's in a good location and has plenty stocked.
4	First, I must say that I'm a Hot Topic fan, in general. This particular store is pretty small in comparison to most, but it still manages to pack enough awesomeness into its crevices to keep you coming back. And what you can't find in store, you can order online. If you're a fangirl (like myself) or fanboy who likes to have thingamajigs from your choice fandom, you're likely to find it at HT. This store has a nice selection of HP (Harry Potter), Dr. Who, Supernatural, Disney, Marvel, etc., goodies, ranging from t-shirts, jackets, & belts, to wallets & backpacks. HUGE selection of band & pop culture t-shirts. Their clothes (especially the women's jeans) run small, so keep that in mind. When I was a size 2, I needed a 7 in their jeans. (They have a sister store, Torrid, which offers plus-sizes.) Goths will find no shortage of black everything. Cute punk outfits too. Fun socks, hats, & accessories. Head to the back of the store to search for clearance sale items. This store is neat, and there are some really cool employees working here. Sign up for their free HT+ membership/rewards program and get special discounts throughout the year, including a birthday discount.
1	We were looking for a Halloween Costume that this company had advertised on their website. We called the store closest to us to see if they had it. When we were told they didn't have the costume and that they had never gotten it in, they suggested shopping on line. So, we placed our order and even paid the high(outrageous) overnight shipping charge to have it on time. I paid with AMEX and expected to receive this item in one day! However this company didn't ship the order because they needed verbal confirmation. They sent an e-mail for me to call themHOW STUPID IS THAT?. Please keep in mind that the order REQUIRED a telephone number and they wouldn't have even processed the order without putting the number. Not having a verbal confirmation the costume was not mailed! WHY WAS THERE NO ATTEMPT TO CONTACT ME BY TELEPHONE? They would have gotten their verbal confirmation!!!! What kind of company is this? I will never do business with them again. Obviously the owners of the company neglect to think outside the box to do all they can to have a satisfied customer. Why should I contribute to this company's profits? Think twice about doing business with them!!!!
