3	I have been a hotel lounge afeciando for a long time, and this lounge in the Queen Elizabeth is a great day diversion for anyone - who as on occasion needs a great drink in the afternoon - we've all been there good times and bad. However the after work scene seems distant stuffy and frankly old, without the school. Kinda crap that they are so accustomed to credit cards/expense accounts that if you do chose to pay via debit - you have to get up and nearly go behind the bar. But like I say if you are over 50 you may very much enjoy the lack of cacophony, but even a great Martini can be a little too dry. Nice escape on a dreary afternoon, though. PS like all good hotel lounges, snacks are complimentary and the drinks are served perfectly.
5	While staying at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth, this was the go-to place to unwind in the afternoons.  The service was impeccable and the food was wonderful as well.  the Oysters were beautifully briny, and fresh, and the Montreal Beef sandwiches were incredible! served with a healthy side of pomme frites and a very nice cole slaw.  The wines were plenty and the drinks were very good, but a slight beer selection, which was fine.  The dessert cart is a must to check out if you're in the mood and while you're at it, sample some of the cheeses. The Morbier style was soft, velvety and sharp, and served with fresh nuts, dried berries and crackers. Early afternoons were quiet and relaxing, and the complimentary snacks were a definite plus.I almost forgot to mention that someone in my group mentioned they were hungry for a tuna salad sandwich, and the waiter overheard and said that the chef would make one even though it wasn't on the menu.  They did, and apparently it was delicious. Very accommodating and wonderful staff.
4	If you're looking for food, the menu is decent. If you're a vegetarian, good luck with that.  I was able to get a veggie pizza and salad when we came here for dinner one night, both very good, but that's about it for meatless options here.If you're a cheese kind of person, the cheese plate is a must.  I'm going to miss having that now that I've left Montreal.My husband is a beer geek, and he was so impressed with the Montreal beers he had at the bar that we had to come here every night of our stay.  I'm not a beer drinker, yet I strongly recommend trying Fin du Monde and the beer that has hibiscus in it (sorry, can't remember the name).  Amazing (and strong)!
1	Horrible drinks and terribly rude service.  I know that hotel bars are not always known for having the best food, etc., but this was one of the worst I have ever been to.  The waiters were inattentive at best, the drinks were RIDICULOUSLY priced, and the food barely mediocre (one member of my group waited over 25 minutes for a cheese plate...with only three slices of cheese and a few crackers).   I will never return to this establishment.
1	Overpriced drinks and unbelievably rude waitstaff.  If any of the people at my table hesitated for .001 milliseconds about what to order, our waiter (I kid you NOT) rolled his eyes and muttered something under his breath.  It seemed he could not fathom how such uncultured, ugly Americans had somehow made their way into his hotel bar.If you're staying at the Fairmont and have an hour to leave the hotel and grab a drink, try to get in to Dominion Tavern on Rue Metcalfe for one of their marvelous cocktails.  Or, go to Nyk's on Rue Bleury for an affordable local beer or glass of wine.
4	This resto-bar within the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth is a fantastic find.  We were there for Rogers Cup tennis action and what else would they put on their 50" screen but the tennis matches.  And if you are there late enough, ask the waiter Paolo for some stories from his 46 years at the lounge.  The man is an institution within this institution that has been there since 1958.
