1	I will begin w/ the lady (Wendy) that physically did my hair & the actual Manager (Jackie) that for lack of a better word "assisted"  Wendy throughout my process.  Neither of them should...in any way, shape or form be handling chemicals-let alone ones that go on other peoples heads!!I just moved here from chicago & held off on finding a salon as long as I could (Note: My sister is a Hair Colorist by trade in Chicago & has owned/operated her own salon for over 15 yrs. She had always done my hair)...but I needed Hi-litess BAD!!!I decided on this place because it had been here for a long time (later found out there have been a gazillion owners) & it was local.  I immediately got the impression Wendy didn't know what she was doing.  Truth be told, my gut told me to leave...!  I didn't leave...but instead asked her how long she had been doing hair...she said over 20 yrs. !  I thought...well, maybe I'm being too nitpicky as my sister has always done my hair & maybe I'm just reading too much into it!  Wendy says she's done hair for 20+ yrs...ok!  So, we start the partial Hi-lite.  Next thing, she starts asking the lady next to her (the manager Jackie) if she can use some of her color for my hair as she doesn't have hers with her?  I still DON'T know what the hell that even meant.  It was such a stupid thing to say...I ignored it completely because it didn't register that a Hair dresser wouldn't have their product...it STILL sounds so stupid...I'm shaking my head typing this..!So, she gets done wrapping my foils & sends me under the heat...OK...no problems! Time to process...She opened a foil to take a look & called Jackie (35+yrs. in the biz) to look...Jackie says you're good...go ahead & shampoo-we'll throw in a toner if you need too.Now, every now & then my sister would throw in a toner...so, I wasn't all up in arms about that...but, I couldn't shake the idea that Wendy, in the biz for over 20 yrs--couldn't determine a simple hi-lite on her own.  This is basic stuff! This is when I started to get scared!  So, then she starts to shampoo my hair & I am not even kidding...she was scrubbing around my face but the rest of it...she was just kind of moving it from one side to the next.  This was not a person who understands that there is chemical on my head & the importance of taking that chemical completely off my head!  I knew right there I was in trouble.  I MADE her shampoo it again & said I'd like to see it now.  We went to the mirror & that was it...I WAS RED!!!!  RED!!!!!  I went from a simple partial hi-lite to RED!!!!  Wendy & Jackie started discussing what to do...& I know from yrs. of being around my sister you can't just keep adding stuff to TRY to make it better.  They "decided" on using 8N to "fix" it.  They went in back & I called my sister 911...NOW!!I quickly told her what had already transpired & told her they were in back preparing 8N to "fix"it.  She said DON'T let them put anything more on your hair--8N will only make it worse--they don't know what they're doing--get your purse & LEAVE!!!  I was in shock!  I couldn't believe this was happening.  I said LEAVE?  She said you absolutely DO NOT put 8N on anything to try & fix it--they don't understand color &  you need to leave.  She said do not give them a penny...its going to cost you to get it fixed.  Get up & leave.  I was so stunned--this was exactly what I was afraid of...& it was happening!  I was so stunned I actually gave the phone to Wendy & Jackie.  Meanwhile, the owner (who is not a hairdresser) came over because she knew there was a problem & it was beginnng to become obvious that I was upset.  The only thing I will say about this owner is that she needs better, more qualified people on her staff for color & more importantly I would recommend she let Jackie stick to her clientele and not run around "helping" anyone w/ color as she had NO CLUE WHATSOEVER but acted like she did!  Thank GOD for my sister.!!!!   I would have let them just keep dumping chemicals on it--just to end up in the same place--GETTING A CORRECTIVE COLOR on Tuesday!!Very under qualified people here who not only need to be honest w/ themselves about their abilities & inabilities but also w/ their clients.  She knew what I was asking her when I inquired about how many years & she lied.  I don't know in what capacity (in the biz. on/off for 20 yrs., not 20 yrs at all, only been cutting not coloring) but she lied...she had an opportunity to be truthful & blew it.  As for Jackie--she should not be running around giving anyone color advice!  My sister wanted her to justifiy why they would put 8N in my hair & her response was "oh, you must be one of those who only adds breakage to hair" to which my sister said, "no, I'm one of those that gets it right the first time-Now, my sister will have to have another process which will cause breakage...you DONT GUESS what chemicals to use on someones head & you should be reported". I walked out!
5	I did a leap of faith with James based on other reviews.  If you want to come out feeling and looking like the woman you know you can be....he's your man.  Vavoom!  I'm back!    (Closed Sunday/Mondays)
5	I have been going to Paulette for 3 years.  She is the best aesthetician I have ever been to. I highly recommend her for waxing, facials, etc.
4	I've been getting my hair cut by Jean Marc for at least 8 years.  You can show him a picture & he'll be honest after he looks, combs/brushes & feels your hair whether it's possible for your type of hair.  If you don't like your hair cut with a razor you need to say so.  I like the products he uses as my hair is very fragile & colored; he is careful not to put tons of styling product to weigh down or dry out my hair.  A lot of people go to a stylist & say, "Do what you think will look good."  Then they aren't happy.  Duh.  Don't blame the stylist.  You've got to tell a hairdresser what you like/want as everyone has different tastes.  Jean Marc will work with you.  And his pricing is reasonable for Scottsdale.  (NE corner Scottsdale Rd & Pinnacle Peak)
4	Yelp helped me find this place located in the Safeway shopping center at Scottsdale/Pinnacle Peak.i had an appointment with James who pleasantly surprised me with it being my first time there and all, I didn't know what to expect because I had been going somewhere else for years. It was neat that he matched my color with who I am. The color turned out to be what I remember my color was when I was a little girl, it was amazing. The salon is a good size, it's one open area with a room or two for more private salon services. It is by no means a "chop shop", these are professionals who are interested in making you look and feel your best. I will be back. I don't believe the prices to be outrageous but I will say I felt I got more than I paid for (no, James, you may not raise your price anytime soon!!)   ;)Call ahead to see what payment methods are acceptable. I look forward to my next appointment with James and also having a mani/pedi service as soon as possible.
5	I have been going to this saloon for years and love the way Alex does my hair.  She is very good with blonde hair and I don't end up with any brassiness.  There is a wide range of services offered and nice friendly staff.  You don't have to have an appointment which is convenient for my busy schedule.
