5	I had a very pleasant and great experience at Pita Kitchen and am excited to return and try a different plate.  Not only was the customer service exceptional but their food was very good as well. My friend and I had the Steak Shawarma with fries, Hummus with Steak Shawarma and Tabouli Salad.  Everything was very tasty with a homemade flavor.  The Pita bread that came with the Hummus was warm and soft which I love.  Everything looked just like the pictures on the menu so there were no surprises other than the delicious flavor. :)  We upgraded our dish to the combo so we ordered fries (option we chose, which were really good too) and had unlimited refills with any drink at the fountain!    Being that it was a grand opening week they handled the amount of people and orders in a timely manner.  The restaurant was very clean, as well as the women restrooms, which is important to me.  I highly recommend anyone to go and try it and enjoy the experience we did.  Again, delicious food and really great and friendly customer service!
5	The food was amazing!  We had a chicken shawarma and a steak shawarma with pita chips, hummus, and a Greek salad.  We finished our lunch with baklava.  Everything tasted great and the people are friendly and attentive!  Can't wait to go back!
4	The food was good, service was excelent, this place just opened last week and so far so good.  I had the Chicken Shawarma with fries, lean chicken, needed more sauce but that's an easy fix.  The fry's tasted just like McDonald's which is a good thing! Prices were pretty good too!  Glad to finally have a Greek Place in the West Valley.
5	Amazing!  I ordered the Chicken Shawarma Pita, rice, Spanakopita. And my mom ordered the greek salad, and Humus.  The pita sandwich was really good, the meat had that good shawarma flavor (which all of us greek food aficionados love and crave), the pita was nice and fluffy and tasted home made, good amount of veggies in the pita.Now I am a critic when it comes to Spanakopita. This is one of the only places I found that actually makes Spanakopita the right way, baked (and had that nice home made taste)!!!  They flavored the Spanakopita juuuust right too. A+ in my book.  I emphasize "baked" because most places around town deep fry their Spanakpita in grease (and i definitely don't like grease). But by golly its a miracle someone bakes it and does it right! and its just down the road.. AWESOME!I also ordered the rice which was a good and hearty side, it was some sort of fluffy yellow rice with a garnish, not bad. Its definitely a healthier option than just getting greasy ole fries as a side.  I mean fries are good but I just get tired of eating fries when eating out at places if you know what I mean. My mom ordered the Greek salad and humus with pita bread which we shared.  The humus is definitely home made, had a good texture to it overall it was wonderful!!  Now their pita bread is downright delicious. It came warm and wrapped in foil and still had flower on it and smelled fresh!!!  I swear it tasted like home made pita bread... it was freeegin delicious!! Her salad was good, had lots of veggies, home made dressing and really good juicy olives.  Portions overall were pretty good. Lots and lots of chicken in the gyro and a big size, lots of veggies and stuff in the salad, large amount of hummus.  So overall.....A++ in my book I highly recommend this place to all shwarama lovers! plus their spanakopita and humus is awesome!!!!
5	Great food, will be back!  I had a gyro, wife had a shawarma, the 9 year-old had a gyro too and we all loved it.  We also had hummas for an appetizer.  Nice and clean tastes across the board.
5	I have now been to Pita Kitchen twice this week, I suppose that in itself says something.Checked out this place for the first time when I went with a friend of mine on Tuesday, we went less than an hour before closing and still received very prompt and exceptionally courteous service....very awesome.  Said friend and I both got the Gyro pita, generous portion and very fresh pita, it was definitely tasty.  The meat was tender.  Also inside the pita is tomatoes, onions, and taziki.  The onions could be a bit thinner in cut as it was mostly thick slices.  And the taziki which they are VERY generous with, is a little thinner than I am used to. Went again today with my mom, she loves Spanakopita, so was excited to find it on the menu.  It is listed as an appetizer, so I figured it to be small, and it was, but for the price of less than $3 it was still a good deal.  Again, I had the gyro and it was right on with Tuesdays visit.  *Note to self: order gyro with taziki on side next time, they are SUPER generous with it!I don't know how the rest of the sides are, but they are generous with the fry portion, making the combo a very filling meal.  The regular fries are fine, pretty typical shoestring.  The greek fries are not as addictive as they are at My Big Fat with their lemon sauce.  However, they are still tasty.  They come with extra seasoning, some oregano and feta crumbles.  Sprinkle a little lemon on it and they are lovely.What truly stands out at this place is the service.  These people are genuinely gracious and appreciative to the customers coming in their restaurant.  I don't know if it is just the first week excitement, or if this is how it will always be, but the welcoming demeanor of this place I have seen so far, on top of good food at good prices will definitely keep me coming back.Welcome to the area Pita Kitchen, and thank you for bringing something new to this neighborhood in desperate need of variety and choices!
4	After reading all posted reviews can't wait to try this place out.  I am a very picky eater so stand by for my review after a taste the food from Pita Kitchen Grill.
4	This place is awesome I only had one gyro but it was good the hummus wasn't the best but the gyro was amazing definetly will be back for more.
5	Excellent food and the pita bread is nice and fresh.  My husband got the chicken gyro and it was excellent.  Could use a little bit of seasoning on the fries or some feta cheese would be great. Otherwise will be going back and it is nice to have a Gyro location closer to us.  Very friendly staff.
5	Restaurant was clean, friendly service, reasonable prices and food was great. Only disappointment was the fries.
4	I went to Pita Kitchen a few weeks ago, and was very excited to get some decent hummus nearby. The staff was friendly, and seemed to know their menu pretty well.I ordered a the Chicken Shawarma with hummus. They accidentally messed up my order and gave me a greek salad. I'm not really one to complain, but I was really craving some hummus. I let the staff know, and they apologized and let me keep the salad as they prepped my hummus.The chef came out and apologized again, then late came out a few minute later to make sure we were enjoying our meal. I was very impressed with their customer service and how professional they were. It was as we were getting fine dining customer service in a fast food style restaurant. Overall, the food was great, and the customer service made it that much better. I will definitely be coming by more often!
5	Pita Kitchen is HANDS DOWN the best new Mediterranean  in town.  Secondly, it knocks the socks off of every other place on the west side  The restaurant was spotless, beautifully/tastefully decorated, comfortable and classy.  Moreover, the food was savory, fresh, juicy, zesty and perfectly put together.  With all of that, I was shocked to see how inexpensive it was.  The service was also extremely efficient, friendly and quick!!!  Most of all the owners clearly run their business with integrity and pride, and it made me VERY happy to support them given that they've created the perfect "everyday style food" restaurant!  MY MOM DOESN'T EVEN LIKE LAMB, AND SHE SAID IT WAS THE BEST GYRO SHE'D EVER HAD!!! That's saying something!!!  :-)
3	Hubby and I love gyros, and we read the great reviews, plus this place is close to home.  We went in one evening, and I will admit, the place was immaculate and the service was great.  Everyone was nice and kept checking up on us.  The gyros were okay.  I enjoy tomatoes in my gyro, and at first, thought there weren't any.  After a bit, I realized they were flat on the bottom.  The tzatziki sauce tasted a bit generic.  The pita was very nice.  We both got salads with them, and they were alright.  Not sure if we'll go again.
4	Brand spankin' new place on the west side.  I was excited when I saw the word Pita because that automatically brings goodies like Gyros and hummus to mind! I was greeted with a smile by the guy behind the counter.  The menu isn't big, but there is a good selection of Greek deliciousness.  I went with "old faithful" and had a gyro.  I decided on the hummus and pita chips as my side (you can choose from the hummus and pita chips or fries)  The hummus was good and the pita chips were very tasty.  Not too crunchy and not just warmed bread.  Now to the gyro.  Uh..."I believe I ordered the LARGE cappuccino! HELLO!" (If you get that movie reference give yourself a flying knuckle bump with a massive explosion at the end because YOU ROCK!  This thing was HUGE! Fully loaded (I chose no onions because...no me gusta raw onions) with tomatoes and a very flavorful tzatziki.  The pita bread was perfect and didn't fall apart as it has at other establishments.  Very worth the money and very close by!  I'll be frequenting this and now I have more to choose from on 99th and McDowell on my way home!
5	The best place to eat the gyro was good!! its a double thumbs up the atmosphere is awesome...
5	I really like this place and can't get enough of it. As one of the few places that is close enough to my work for me to get there and back during my lunch break this is a true go to for me.I tried the chicken shawarma my first time there and have a hard time convincing myself to try anything else since it was so goo. The flavors are fantastic and the chicken is moist and perfectly cooked. The portion on the plate is great too as it comes with plenty of rice and salad along with a warm pita and some tahini sauce.I did try the steak as well and while it was still really good I wouldn't pick it over the chicken unless I needed a change of pace meal. The prices are right inline with what you would expect and I am always greeted warmly and with great customer service, I do take out a lot and the phone service is just as nice and orders ready when they say they are.If you are in the area I highly recommend checking them out.
5	Good customer service along with great gyros and shawarma. I will bring my friends in here next time I come :)
5	Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.
5	Yummy tabouli salad, delicious chicken, great Greek fries, pitas are poppin, I can't say enough about how great the food is. The guy in front is always so pleasant and I keep coming back for those addicting chicken kabobs! My husband and I are seriously hooked. The location is always packed since you got the chipotle & smash burger next door, but I'm so glad they got this little Greek joint in the mix, it's my favorite.
5	the food is super good, the gyros are huge and tasty... love the chicken ka-bob meal, glad its on the west side ;)
5	Wow! The tabbouli salad here was impressive, fresh and delicious. The gyro meat was thickly sliced, ot thinly sliced like most greek places serve.The hummus was flavorful and had a kick to it.  Maybe paprika?  The pita chips are fried in house. They where served hot and greasy.My entire dining experience here was amazing and alot $$$$ cheaper than the other greek place that we frequent! FREE WIFI at this place! Not bad.  ***You will need some serious mouthwash when you're done eating here.  So I don't recommend it if you're out on a date*** smooch smooch, no, no!
5	Been looking for a good gyros close to home for awhile. Hit the spot!! Better than Gyro Express in my opinion and the manager is amazing!
5	Not only was the staff nice enough to accommodate my low carb diet by substituting rice and pita bread for extra greens instead, but the food is DELICIOUS! I felt like i was cheating on my diet, but I totally wasn't.....Can't wait to go back tonight with my kiddos!
5	This place absolutely OWNS all other Greek joints in Phoenix. Make sure you check for groupons, and the 20% yelp checkin coupon.
4	Ordered a gyro combo and a combination appetizer, also tasted the beef shawarma. Everything was very good and came out to the table quickly. The gentleman working the counter was also helpful in recommending items and was very friendly. I will definitely be going back there in the near future.
5	This place has the best Greek food I've ever eaten in my life.  The service is amazing too!
4	Have eaten here a couple times now and it is really good. The service is great and they are always cheerful and helpful. Had the Gyro and Greek Fries and it was very tasty. Wife had a Greek Salad and she said it was good but not as good as the Greek Salad we have at the place in Goodyear we go to.Will definitely be back.
4	My husband loved this place so much, he went twice in 1 day.  He went there for lunch.  When I got home from work and said I was too tired to cook, he offered to pick up food for dinner.  I got the combo dinner (gyro and chicken).  I am a fan of the chicken, hummus, and pita.  The gyro meat....NOT so much.  I am never a fan of the gyro always.
5	This place is great. The food is done right and the owner knows what he's doing. Hope this place grows and stays around for a long time.
2	I had read good reviews on this restaurant.  I ordered the falafel pita.  The falafel balls were very overcooked, underseasoned, and very dry, hard balls.  There was no sauce.  I went and asked for tzaziki (sp?).  The sauce did not have the garlicky flavor to it.  There was certainly not enough to help moisten the balls.  I also had a side of jalapeno cilantro hummus.  It really needed more jalapeno and cilantro.  It did have good flavor otherwise.  The fried pita chips that came with the hummus were crispy warm, but very greasy like the oil was not hot enough to cook them.  I was very disappointed.  I was expecting more robust flavors  associated with Middle Eastern foods.
4	I was over visiting my mom and step-dad with the baby last Saturday.  We were grabbing food to go.  My mom went to get a burrito next door and though I was following her inside Ch--otle.  But, after seeing Pita Kitchen's menu from the parking spot, decided to grab a gyro and greek salad instead.The service was great!  The woman brought out my food, outside, after I told her I my step-dad was watching the baby in the truck.  Oh and I received my food roughly 10minutes after ordering.  One thing i noticed (while I was ordering) was I saw they have the traditional gyro loaf and slice off of it for each order.  My to-go order was a gyro combo with a greek salad instead of the fries.The greek salad was very tasty!  The dressing came on the side, so I could control how much I wanted on the salad.  The gyro was on the greasy side, which was a little offputting.  And there wasnt any lettuce or tomato on it.  But the meat was nicely flavored.  I gave my mom and step-dad a taste of the salad and some of the gyro meat and they both said it was very good.  Neither of them have eaten Greek/Mediterranean food before.  My step-dad said the meat was nice and moist and very flavorful.  My mom raved and said that she wants to try Pita Kitchen next time they're ordering out!  :)
4	So, back to Pita Kitchen I went this past Saturday.  This time with my mom, step-dad, and Baby C!  We ordered and sat down at a table.  I got the same thing as my visit on the 20th - Gyro pita and greek salad.  This time the Gyro was NOT greasy.  Very tasty at that.  The Greek salad again was awesome.  My mom ordered the same thing as I and thought the food was good.  And my step-dad ordered the chicken souvlaki.  It came with rice and salad.  He liked it so much he almost cleaned his plate!Seriously good food here!  So good that Baby C enjoyed some Gyro and chicken!  :)
5	Highly recommend this place! delicious middle eastern food and fairly priced! we needed a place like this in the west valley, so people living in the west valley try them out, you wont be sorry!
4	Your Gyro yumminessHit this place up and was impressed by the fast service, tasty food, portion size, and nice owner.  The gyro meat is very tender and is missing the nasty oiliness I've come to expect from other Greek restaurants.  The pita fries were new to me I polished them off.Tip: There's an occasional coupon in the West Valley View that makes a visit a great deal.
4	Simple menu, decent prices, good food. Had the gyro and greek fries and the only negative is that the pita started to fall apart. Otherwise, great flavors and filling. I look forward to trying the few other items on the menu and definitely would recommend this place if you're looking for a gyro.
1	I don't know what sort of seasoning they use for the chicken and steak shawarma, but I thought it was disgusting.  The gyro was decent and the baklava was ok.
3	Not bad.  This place doesn't replace my "fave" Mediterranean food restaurant in Glendale but it does the trick if I don't want to drive all the way out there.  The place is a little small and if anybody has ever been in that area, the parking SUCKS so try to avoid going during rush hour if possible.  There are booths though, which is a plus if you have a toddler.
1	We waited for over 20 minutes for a simple gyro and steak shwarma combo with fries. There was also 5 other groups waiting for their food also just as long. The staff seemed more concerned about filling some to-go orders from a couple of customers who came in afterwards and left before us before we even received our food. The meat on my gyro was warm but was not seared crispy. The tzatziki was bland, little onions/tomato, and the pita bread was falling apart. The chicken shwarma was dry but had some flavor. Greek fries were good but was thrown off by the serving bowl it came in. I swear they stole the bowls  from Ghenghis Grill.
4	This place is GOOD, all caps.The restaurant is clean, service is great and the food is the bees knees.My husband and I ordered the hummus and tabbouleh, beef gyro with fries, chicken schwarma, a side of rice for our son (he's a toddler) and baklava. Let me point out that my husband and I were both stationed in Turkey (It's where we met, Awww) so were a bit picky when it comes to Mediterranean food and this place passed. The gyro was perfectly seasoned, salty, crunchy, saucy all warmly wrapped in pita bread. The chicken schwarma was the same, the chicken was juicy with just the right about of vegetables and sauce (I added siracha because I love spicy and they offer it). I'd been reading about the delicious fries and the ones my husband got were plain, when I asked about the feta that was supposed to smother them I was told I had to order Greek fries. Even though it was my fault for ordering wrong the owner gave us a free order of Greek fries and they, are, addicting. The tabbouleh was just as citrusy as I remember from turkey. The only reason I didn't go with 5 stars is that the hummus is kind of bland and the baklava, although delicious, wasn't the crispy, pistachioy goodness I was craving.Overall this place is great. If you have any issues remember that this place has only been open 2 weeks and they are doing an amazing job.Chok guzel!
4	We have eaten here a good 4-5 times in the last few months and I believe they have been listening to their review to fix smaller issues. I absolutely love their food and the wife does too. We have tried a few different plates and have no real complaints as of yet. We can usually get out of there with 2 dinners and a app. for under 35 dollars so the price point is less than some of the competing Greek joints in the Goodyear / Avondale area. This seems like a family run joint and the service has always been fantastic and I always feel super welcome when I'm here. I have had no issues with absurd waiting or problems with my order. This is a great joint on our side of town and I would suggest it to my Yelp buddies.
4	Stopped in to have lunch with my wife and we did not have a five star experience; however, upon our second visit we were impressed and would gladly return there to eat again. The staff and service are always great!
5	Guess what I try the Gyros and I got hook.  Fresh and tasty.  Home like environment. They also provide you with free refills and WiFi.  What a deal,  Give Pita Kitchen a try you Got nothing to lose.
4	I have been waiting for a good gyro place in my neighborhood. Very good gyro!!! I had the pita chips and hummus for the side. It was so good I am tempted to come back and have just an order of hummus and pita chips.I am looking forward to coming back and trying some of the other offerings.Next time you're in the area, skip the burger and go Greek!
4	Gyro's are the best in the west valley.  Greek Salad is also really good.  Wife and I have had takeout from here several times.  Never unhappy with our food or service.  It's close, but I'd say Pita Kitchen is a bit better than Greek Gyro Express.  Prices are very reasonable too.
5	Good quality service and food,place is clean,lighting is just right with some nice background music and the employes are good people trying to make a good name for the restaurant. I wish them the best every time i visit..!
5	This place was great!  Service, food, atmosphere were all wonderful.  The staff was really helpful and courteous.
5	Their Greek salads are great! So is anything with their chicken shawrwa... shwawar... shawama... the chicken is awesome!
4	Pretty good.  The meat is fresh and flavorful.  I'd given it 5 stars if the pitas were a little more flavorful but all together a good Greek place.  Inside is clean and the service is fast.
5	The staff was friendly without being overbearing, the restaurant was very clean (even the high chairs were wiped down!), and the food was great!  Casual dining at its best!
5	It's rare to find a place that deserves 5 stars these days.  Food is great, owners and service is amazing.  Best thing is the hummus and pita chips!  We love this place!
5	Great food and friendly service.  I ordered the chicken pita w tzatziki and Greek fries and it was SOOO good!!  The Greek fries came in a large bowl and could have fed the family. The herbs on the fries were delicious!  We were there on Mother's Day and the owner, I believe, have the mom's a complimentary piece of baklava which my daughter devoured.
5	We got combo kabob and steak shawarma plate. Both were amazing. One of the best Mediterranean places I have eaten at. The food was very flavorful.
5	We have frequented this restaurant since it opened, and it has never disappointed!   Delicious food, wonderfully friendly staff and good prices... There are so many delicious items to choose from. The gyros are superb (everything on this sandwich is legit: from the pita, to the tzatziki, to the meat freshly carved off the spit... so gooood!) The chicken kabobs are amazing as well, perfectly seasoned and tender... yummy! The hummus with tabbouleh is always fresh, delicious and tasty. The owner has been there every time that we have dined in and he is a wonderful and gracious host- making sure that his guests are happy and well fed! Support this fantastic local business!
5	I have to say ~~ I LOVE THIS PLACE... My husband took me here just once and I was hooked. My fav is their chicken schwarma and greek fries. OMG... Sooo amazing. The staff are always friendly, nice and they remember me. I love the deco of the place, it makes me feel so comfy. The food at this place is awesome. So fresh and yummy. I love coming here every chance I get. Thanks for always hooking us up. I cant wait to see them again real soon.
4	If you're driving along the 10 Fwy. in Avondale this is the place to go for good food.  The chicken kabob's are good.  Prices and portion sizes are good.
3	Met friends here for dinner a week ago. Staff was friendly, place was clean, and the food was good.
5	Tonight we dined here for the first time and we were not disappointed. FINALLY some place that serves really fresh and wonderful tasting food :)I had the falafel wrap combo with pita chips and hummus. I loved the flavors from the fresh greens and the hot falafels. For me, I need more of the sauce because I like my wraps a bit on the wet side. I wound up eating it all , no leftovers :( My other half had the Shish Kabob platter with chicken and beef. Although he is not a fan of poultry  he found the chicken well seasoned, juicy and the marinade to be awesome.And the rice... he's not a carb fan but loved it! We found everyone behind the counter very pleasant, helpful and cheerful.Lots of interesting food items that I need to try for sure!As one reviewer said "Skip the burger and Go Greek"! .....  Well, at least once and you won't regret it.We're just sorry we haven't been in before now but we definitely  will be back.. again .. and again!Thank You Pita Kitchen!!
5	Excellent Gyros at a very fair price!!  The food was great, service was awesome and it was very clean. There are a lot of places to get a pita in Phoenix and I like trying new places but I would definitely come back here. This place has Ed's, super-picky, Chicagoen seal of approval!  (Ed is visiting and he loved it.).
5	The jalapeno cilantro hummus is no joke. I had the chicken shawarma and it was worth every penny. Even the ice tea was great! Definitely coming back to this joint regularly.
5	Seriously phenomenal Middle Eastern food. Like ridiculously good. Eat here. Order the Greek fries. Thank me later. This is a little hole in the wall on the corner of 99th and McDowell (same plaza as Hobby Lobby) but located in the smaller strip of stores at the other end of the parking lot. Looks to be run by 2, maybe 3 guys. I've eaten my fair share of Middle Eastern food and this is some of the best I've had in Phoenix. The garlic sauce is awesome. I can't even guess what's in it but I'm sure unicorn blood is involved. I had the steak schwarma and hummus and hubby had the chicken souvlaki. His chicken was so perfectly cooked that we couldn't decide if it was white or dark meat. It had the flavor of white meat but was moist like dark meat. The hummus was delicious and it had a bit of a kick but it wasn't overly spicy or anything. It was all delicious and came with generous amounts of pita bread for dipping. Prices were reasonable for the portion sizes and the Yelp check in bonus was a 10% discount off of the bill.Service was super friendly and helpful and we will definitely be back. Well done gentlemen. Glad to have found you in the West Valley.
5	My husband and I went in here for the first time a few days ago after reading the stellar reviews.  We were not disappointed - though I am a huge fan of Pita Jungle's hummus, the hummus at Pita Kitchen is great.  Different (it's warm instead of cold, and they don't have red bell pepper, which is my favorite), but very tasty.  Oh, and their pita bread?  Fresh, warm, amazing.  All of the food we tried was wonderful, especially the Greek fries.  Oh man, am I sucker for Greek fries!The employees are very friendly and helpful as well.  Love this place, we will definitely be going back very soon!
5	This place is legit. The pita bread is warm and soft, not everyone might dig it but DAMN SON the cilantro jalapeno hummus is the bomb.Like my other homre had said earlier, get the Greek Fries unless you don't like fantastical flavor explosion in your mouth. The staff is CHILLL dawg, they answered all the stupid questions I had and were friendly the whole way through. Drinks were served quickly and food up prompt.I don't know why you are still reading this, if you are hungry and ain't a hater for food go get it.oh and it's pretty light on the wallet.peace.
4	We have been here several times. The food is always good, generous portions, and great customer service. I always get the Gyro Platter. My only complaint is the baklava isn't a very generous portion and although the flavor is good, it isn't the best I have had. We will definitely be back for the appetizers and entrees!
4	Good food.  Well prepared.  Had the cilantro Jalepeno Hummus with Steak and the Chicken Schwarma.
4	My favorite Gyro place in the valley. Their pita bread is very soft and warm, their gyro meat is cooked and seasoned to perfection. The manager is always very nice and shoots the breeze with me while I'm waiting for my food. I also recommend their Greek fries. It is a little pricey for a quick dinner but very well worth it. You wont be disappointed!
4	Yay! I'm a fan is an accurate description.  Great food at affordable prices.  I love the lime cilantro hummus and the gyros are terrific.  Definitely stop and eat.  You will know that you had Greek.
4	Good food. The lady at the counter was nice. We ordered a couple gyros, a Greek Salad and pita with hummus. Similar to Crazy Jim's on 15th avenue.
4	Great food and even better service!!! The staff is so friendly and helpful. Definitely recommend this place.
3	Was actually craving a gyro, came to try this place. Used the yelp check-in discount of course, but still bummed. I ordered the gyro combo(lamb gyro, reg fries, and a drink) and still ended up paying $9. It was good, but could've gotten that same plate for around $6 bucks somewhere else; plus they gave me a lil amount of fries, I giggled. Maybe should've tried something else, played it too safe. There were a lot of patrons in store and it was almost closing time. Will try the hummus and other entrees next visit.
4	Cute restaurant. The hummus is really flavorful and delicious, and the bread is super soft and nice. The pita chips are so good but I know they must be awful for you. The grilled eggplant is really good - nice and light and fairly healthy. Prices are reasonable. I'd go back.
5	Delicious! Love the food & the staff are very friendly too. Reasonable price for the portion of food you get & they don't skimp on anything. Worth trying out if you haven't been here yet.
5	This is the best Greek restaurant I've been to in Arizona. Besides the food, the service is second to none, and the place is always very clean. It's well worth the drive, no matter what part of the Valley you live in.
5	Bomb.com! Very good. Got the Falafel and they were nice big falafel, probably the best I have had, French fries were good, hot and crisp. The pita was fresh and soft and the veggies crunchy and rich. Line was big and could not find a place to sit it was so pact and that's how you know it's good. Place should start taking reservations! Can't wait to bring my girlfriend.
4	We were in the area and didn't feel like having chipotle again, so we gave Pita Kitchen a try. My wife had the greek salad and I had the steak shawarma. We shared a large order of  hummus.The dining room was spotless, the staff was friendly, the food came out quickly, and it tasted great, what else could you ask for?
5	We have been coming here since they opened. We were so excited to have a good Mediterranean restaurant open on the west side of town.  The service is always quick and friendly.
5	I was driving through Phoenix and was looking for a place to eat.  I actually saw a sign waving person, and was totally excited because I was CRAVING Greek food for  a while.  Firstly, this place is awesome because they have AC which is a bonus in Phoenix.  Secondly, they have free wifi, and thirdly they have a yelp check in deal...im sold!  Most importantly, their food was  really good.  I ordered a combo kebab and a "spanakopita" and both were really delish!  The pita here is nice a warm, and the meat was flavorful and juicy.  The spanakopita had a great flaky crusty.  I really loved the sauces here too, the garlic sauce was an excellent addirion ro the kebab.  I also have to give major props for the service.  The person who took my order was really friendly and totally made the experiecne wonderful.  If i ever go back to Phoenix, totally stopping by.  Thank you Pita Kitchen!
5	I have been on a Greek salad kick lately and decided to not eat at Smashburger and give Pita Kitchen a whirl.  I was a little apprehensive spending $9 (8.69) on a Greek salad with chicken but told myself it would be huge and I would have to eat it over 2 sittings.  I was NOT disappointed.  There is a huge heap of chicken in this salad and it's not just a grilled chicken breast chopped over a Greek salad;  it's chicken SHAWARMA - beautifully seasoned, tender and moist.  There were chunks of feta as opposed to just tiny crumbles and their dressing was amazing!  My brother and I butt heads over Greek salad dressing;  he prefers to have it with vinegar strong enough to clean your pipes, and his go to is George's Gyros.  I prefer a more mellow dressing that allows me to keep my eyes open whilst eating and have come to frequent Z's Greek, down the road from my house.  This dressing was by far the BEST I've had.  I will definitely be back!
5	Good customer service along with great gyros and shawarma. I will bring my friends in here next time I come :)
5	This is a great casual restaurant. The food tastes amazing. The prices are fair (and don't forget that check in bonus). The staff are always friendly. I've been a loyal fan of Golden Greek for years. And I may have found a new favorite gyro in the valley. If only they could have GG's puffy pitas!The Greek fries are amazing. The reddish/pink dipping sauce is addictive. And the rice tastes great. I do kind of wish that the shwarma wraps had a sour pickle in them but that is probably just a personal preference.I'd recommend this to anyone that wants casual Mediterranean food in the west valley.
5	Great food great service stayed open later just to let my bf and I eat in! Very clean! Can't wait to go back
3	I admit to being confused by the review posted before mine:  to compare this place to the Golden Greek is like comparing McDonald's to the Russian Tea Room!  Granted, they both serve Greek food; but no matter what your opinion about the Golden Greek  (and mine isn't good:  see my review of them!), this place is, like most "Greek" places in the Valley, a pseudo-fast food restaurant, while the Golden Greek serves actual meals.I also don't get the line about the pita bread:  the pita bread here is of the cheapest sort:  fluffy and thick.  You may like that; but "real" pita bread is like the ones served at the Golden Greek and Haji Baba's (for example):  thin and doughy.  Prices are fair?  Yeah, that's about right ... "fair" as in on a scale from "bad" to "excellent":  the appetizers (hummus, babaganouj, dolmas, etc.) are priced fairly in comparison to other places, but that doesn't mean they're good:  $6+ for a "large" appetizer, which, while "wide" on the plate is not deep, is not "fair".  I won't even bother talking about the dolmas, because NOWHERE is that a good deal; it's a top money maker for all Mediterranean restaurants:  5 or 6 dolmas for $ 5.00, when you can get a large can of about 60 or more for the same price  (try the market at Baiz or Haji Baba).  Now the taste:  the hummus was interesting.  Tasty and with a touch of cayenne pepper.  Very unusual for hummus, but, you know what?  It worked:  definitely wiped out any expected blandness, but was not strong enough to overpower.  Good job there.The babaganouj was strange.  Again:  tasted good.  But it wasn't very "smoky" and the consistency was almost buttery.  Both traits very uncommon for this dish.The dolmas were excellent, but obviously straight out of the can.  Thankfully, very firm (just the way I like them).The Greek salad was good, but nothing spectacular.  For a fast food place like this  --- and yes, I'm sorry:  I would classify this as a "fast food" joint --- it was especially good.My partner said the chicken shwarma was good, but he was glad he had sides, because it wouldn't have come close to being enough for him by itself  (then again, if any of you have read my reviews, you know already that his athletically muscular build hides an enormous appetite ... one day, we went to a buffet and Godzilla was impressed with how much he ate! ... Pretty bad, when you can outeat a Japanese dinosaur).Decor in the restaurant is nice, though, when it's crowded, it's quite noisy:  my loss, but obviously their gain ... they're not there to run an empty joint.  Seating, however, is VERY limited:  we saw two families open the door and leave shortly afterwards:  there's only 6 booths and 2 tables, so it doesn't take a lot of people to fill it.Overall, if you have a craving for Mediterranean food and are willing to not expect a whole lot, then this place is more than acceptable.  But it in no way compares to the Golden Greek or any other "real" restaurant, regardless of whether the food is better or not.
5	Extraordinary food, consistently delicious and authentic tasting.  We know we come here for a great quality meal every time we visit.  Prices are fair and customer service is good.
5	We've never had a bad meal here. The chicken.pita is one of the best in the valley! My hubby loves the gyro pita and Greek fries; my favorite side is the Greek salad. Although the pitas are great I crave the chicken shwarma meal with pita chips and rice....not sure what goes into making that rice but I could eat it every day! If you haven't been here yet, you're missing out!
2	The falafel pita was ok, nothing special. The pita chips were soft and soaked with oil (I could squeeze out the oil). Overall it was disappointing. Pita Jungle tastes better and is healthier, and costs about the same.
5	The pitas are awesome and the salads are huge. Very nice and clean and the staff are very friendly. I'm glad we stopped here
5	So the service was great. Very fast, friendly and efficient. The prices are wonderful for the amount you get. And them there's the food. It was hands down the best Mediterranean food I've ever had. I will DEFINITELY be going back, and soon too!
5	great Gyro !!! my wife and I have been here 2 times and the gyro is very good and the service was good as well.Looking forward to going back and trying something else!!
5	We love this place! My family and I eat a Pita kitchen at least once a week. It's a great healthy alternative to pizza. The staff is always so friendly and they go the extra mile to make sure that you're happy. I recommend the chicken kebab plate with roasted tomatoes and cilantro jalapeno hummus. Pita Kitchen never disappoints!!!
5	I decided to try this place out because of all the fantastic reviews I read. The reviews don't lie, this place is wonderful. The place is small and very cute. When I walked up to order I was greeted very politely and the man at the register gave me suggestions since it was my boyfriend and my first time there. We both got the gyro one with pita and hummus and the other with the Greek fries(?). The hummus is good, I have only ever had hummus at pita jungle. Their hummus was much different but very tasty. The fries though! They were absolutely delicious. The gyro came in a warm pita, and the meat was hot and topped with tomatoes, onions and their fantastic tzatiki(?). I think the thing that upset me most about eating here was not having enough room in my stomach to eat every last bite. The staff is very polite, and the food is amazing. This place is now one of my  go-to places.
5	I'm at Pita Kitchen at least once a week, it is seriously that good. Their chicken entrees are really good if you've never had Mediterranean food before. The hummus is really good not sure if the pita is made there or if they buy it pre-made but it's good I always feel like you can't have enough. If want to play it safe and try a little bit of the best just order the Combo Kabob entree, and get the hummus instead of the Greek salad. You'll thank me later. I don't know if I should be reviewing the gyros since I'm not a very big fan. The first time I was there I had Chicken Shawarma pita, it was really good, but I'm not a big fan. So I've never had them again not saying it's bad or anything. The owners are also friendly the man which I think is the owner is always very polite and is whiling to explain anything. It seems to be family owned which is nice to still see.
5	Call it Mediterranean or Greek food or whatever you like. The owner/ manager is Lebanese and this place has hands down the best Kabobs in Phoenix. To the Yelper complaining about the pita bread being fluffy- Sorry, but that's what you use for authentic Kabobs. Meat cut off of vertical skewers- again, these guys know what they are doing. I had the opportunity to have what are claimed to be the best Kabobs in Berlin, Germany ( yes, there are a lot of immigrants there) and these rank right up there. Add a manager who is hands on and  actually concerned that his customers are happy and you have a great place for fantastic food at a reasonable price.
4	This was my first time here. I walked in and really enjoyed the atmosphere of the small restaurant. The staff was very friendly. We order a gyro and chicken pita. They were over all good. Good seasoning on the chicken and gyro meat. I wished they would have used better quality or fresher veggies. The baba ghanoush was great! I would go back just for that anytime! Over all good place when you are in a hurry and need a good bite to ear I will try it again.
5	I grew up with relatives from Syria, so this type of food is comfort food to me.  My hubby and I went to Pita Kitchen for the first time last week and I was delighted. We just had Shawarma Beef and Lamb pitas, although their menu included appetizers, salads and kebabs as well as pitas.  The pitas were fat and full of onions, lettuce, tomatoes and tsatziki sauce as well as tons of meat.  Their Baklava is also cut in big satisfying pieces and was really delicious.  We are going again as soon as we get a chance!  Loved it!
5	We couldn't decide where to eat and finally decided on pita kitchen since it was the closest. We'd never been here and were a bit nervous since the last few Mediterranean/Greek places we'd been to were very disappointing. We ordered our food and the people here were super nice and the wait was very short. We ordered the #9 and 10 and they were amazing!! We will definitely be returning here for the delicious food!
4	My family stopped in for the first time today and were really surprised in how dead the place was. The portions were huge and the food was yummy. The fries were just okay but the gyro and the schwarma were great!
5	Yummy! All of it - found this place searching yelp so glad we stopped in. If you love Greek food this is a great little treasure!
5	This is the best Greek food in town. The chicken schwarma is fantastic, and the garlic sauce (by request) tops it off perfectly.  Every item I've tried on the menu is very good. Ryan, the owner, is exceptionally kind, as are his staff. My only gripe is the fountain water (it's quite distasteful), but I'm not going to the Pita Kitchen for their water; I go for their amazing food, very reasonable prices, and top notch customer service.
4	I love this place when I lived in Arizona. It was a great alternative to my California Mediterranean food! I loved my chicken pita with pita chips! Yummy! Juicy chicken. They also have a cilantro hummus which is THE BEST! Also I might add, I think it's the owner that's usually up front but they are always so nice and friendly!
5	Let me start of by saying that I am a Greek food aficionado. Greek salad would be my last meal if I had to choose. This place is BY FAR the best Greek in the valley. I got the gyro salad with a pita and tatziki...and I've been thinking about it ever since. Yelp will NOT steer you wrong about this place. It's not fancy, but it's the best food and you definitely get more than you pay for. Pay at the counter and take a seat with your number. The staff is extremely friendly ad came to make sure my food was to my liking. Overall, if you're craving Greek this is the #1 place in the valley.
5	Very good food. Never been before and the cashier was very helpful with recommending items, nice staff in general. I had the Chicken Pita with greek fries. Everything was the right temperature, great flavors, and looked good. I also enjoyed the Gold peek teas to the side of the drinks. The potion seems big to me but that's not a problem. Defiantly go if you want greek!
1	So disappointed!  I read all the reviews  I'm surprised. Maybe it's a different place. I have been there twice. Both times it has been the same- disappointing.  I tried the #6 grilled eggplant with veggies on pita hummus on the side  the hummus is good but it had 3 huge garlic cloves in a very small container!  Eggplant had a bland taste. Pita was soaked with watery juices from veggies. I would not recommend it at all.
5	Great experience from start to finish.  Pleasant staff. Wonderful gyro and greek fries. Large portions. Reasonable prices. I'll definitely be back!!
5	Reimun from Pita Kitchen did everything to make the situation better,  Today I tried the #8 chicken and hummus!  Delicious....and Reimun made sure that everything was perfect!!  Will come back!!  Thank you Reimun!
4	Very friendly staff and great food.  I'll definitely be going back.
3	Good greek food. Not the absolute best hummus Ive had but it hits the spot when I have a craving. The rice was really good. But if I really want good greek, Ill go to King Gyro.
4	Hello, new favorite restaurant! Pita Kitchen lives up to the Yelp hype. No wonder this place is always crowded. I had the chicken shawarma entree with Greek salad. Oh, that chicken. Tender, loaded with seasoning, not dry at all. The rice made for a delicious bed for the chicken. I'm a total salad snob, and I loved the Greek salad. Great mix of flavors and I liked that it took up half the plate. Good, healthy eats!Then there was the pita bread. I have never eaten fresh pita bread before! I think of pita bread as the thick, stiff stuff from grocery stores. No more. THIS is good bread. Warm, pliable, and delicious.My husband had the steak shawarma entree. He loved it. The piece of his tri-tip that I grabbed was quite tasty. He had the fries instead of the salad and said they were average fries, which was just fine by him.The woman at the counter was very helpful as we took our orders--we were obviously newbies. Our food came out within about ten minutes, which said something considering almost every table was full that Friday evening. We also watched a steady stream of customers getting take-out orders. Once we had the food, we understood why.
5	Definitely a winner. We ordered a chicken schwarma and bruschetta because I was not too hungry and wanted to share. The food was more than enough and DELICIOUS! I'm not a fan of tomatoes but thoroughly enjoyed the tomatoes. The service is also exceptional, and I could tell they are appreciative of the business. We were happy to see the small restaurant was packed the entire time we were eating. Can't wait to return!
5	Food is exceptional, this is one of my favorite lunch spots! The staff goes above and beyond too
5	This place is seriously, AMAZING! I'm not that picky when it comes to gyros and already thought they taste great everywhere I get it, but when I tried Pita Kitchen, it showed me a whole new kind of DELICIOUSNESS!!! Try this place out! You won't regret it! They just set the "gyro standards" for me. It's going to be hard to eat it anywhere else now.
4	Great gyros. Excellent pitadillas for kids. Rice is good also. New fav for Mediterranean/Greek food.
5	Short and simple review: this place is yummy! Great value!
5	Excellent food.. Great people working behind the counter.. The pita are always fresh and there is never a long wait for your food. And the owner is almost always the one taking your order.
5	I literally thought I had died and gone to heaven after trasting the Greek fries. Hands down the best seasoned fries I've ever eaten. The staff was helpful and the atmosphere is very pleasant.
4	The decor inside isn't anything fancy, but once you get past that you are greeted by a friendly smile. They have Greek music playing thru their speakers which adds a nice touch. It was nice and cold in the restaurant which is exactly what you want on a summer day in Phoenix. I got a gyro and it was packed with meat and had nice flavor. Overall a nice place for lunch.
5	Well done and great flavors without having a shawarma dripping in your sleeve.... which is what allot of Lebanese restaurants do to compensate for food lacking real flavor. Although I did not order them I would highly recommend the pita chips, they received rave reviews from my coworker's.
5	I love this place! It has great food, nice small dining area, and great customer service!
5	I haven't been here in over a year and this place still rocks.  5 star, still the best Gyro's in town.
4	Super quick and friendly service. Had the gyro pita combo; everything was fresh and delicious!
5	Stopped in for some Mediterranean comfort food and boy were me and my wife impressed! Our first couple of experiences eating here where so so which left me apprehensive about eating here again. Today's customer service and food where absolutely fantastic and I commend them for the excellent presentation of their dishes and the overall taste. I love Cane's (especially the Cane's sauce) so I will have some tough decisions to make in the future.
5	What an amazing place to eat!!!!!  Great prices and great food!!!  Staff is very friendly!!!  Best hummas and pita chips ever!!!!  I've tired other similar Greek places, but this is by far the best.  The rice is my favorite!!!!  Highly recommended!!!!Opa!!!!
5	I really seldom write reviews for restaurants unless they really WOW me.... And Pita Kitchen did just that!  The food here is amazing and tastes very authentic. This time I had the chicken schwarma, hummus and pita, and a Greek salad. The chicken was deliously seasoned, the hummus was creamy and the Greek salad tasted so fresh! Come here you must try this place at least once! I don't think you'll regret it!
5	This place has the charm, character and flavor of a small shop you're much more likely to see in a place like New York City than Phoenix and I always enjoy eating here. Such a great place. It always makes me feel good to eat there. A small shop with reasonably priced, healthy, fresh, delicious food served by a friendly small business owner. I wish there were 100 more places like this in Phoenix.
5	I tried Pita Kitchen based on the reviews, I wasn't disappointed. Ordering online was convenient and easy. The staff was friendly and the food was exceptional. The gyro, greek salad and grilled veggies were all cooked to perfection. We will be back. Thank you.
4	This place is well-deserving of its rating. My wife and I were impressed.For starters the staff is welcoming and exceptionally friendly. They seem like they genuinely care about customers and that is refreshing to see. The food is very good, but maybe just shy of outstanding. I did like everything I tried though from the Spanakopita to the gyros. As far as costs I wouldn't say it's a great deal, but the prices are fair and about average.One thing I really loved about this place was that they actually played unique ethnic music. It beats the annoying pop music that the majority of places play and really added something to the experience. It was very relaxing and enjoyable. I am looking forward to returning for a second visit.
5	Awesome food and very friendly staff and always nice and clean ! Got the nr 1,8,3  and the brushetta yum !
4	Quick, friendly service. Clean tables. Ordered the greek salad with chicken. I loved everything other than the spice, which I think was allspice on the chicken. Just not my something I care for. Got a side of tzaiki for my pita bread and it was wonderfully light,  fresh and delicious. Friend had the gyro, that was good as well. Will be back to try more menu items. Wish they had a chicken gyro though.
5	For starters, the customer service here is outstanding! You'll usually catch the manger in the front working and you can just tell that he takes so much pride in this establishment. As for the food? It is absolutely delicious! It will definitely keep you coming back for more. I only wish there were more locations!
5	Good prices and AMAZING food. I love that there is a GOOD middle eastern place on the west side. I love the staff too as they do seem to really care about customers. Its a small place and does eat in and take out orders.
5	First time trying the place while on a hummus mission with my cousin. Found Pita Kitchen on Yelp and decided to try. Excellent decision! Fresh food, moist meats (chicken and gyros) and really good dressings. The garlic dip is amazing as well as the Greek dressing. I really like the fresh, homemade taste of the food and the staff was really friendly.
4	Food was excellent. Gyro pita and kabob sandwich. Fries hot and crispy, pita bread hot, meat was tasty. Service was a little slow.
5	This was a random stop for last minute dinner. Was the best decision ever! I had the gyro pita with the greek fries OMG was it good!!! Not only was there food excellent there service was also the staff was very sweet and welcoming. Ive recommend this place to all my friends and family already
1	I will not be going back to this restaurant for a long time if ever again. I always order the chicken kabob Greek salad with the chicken chopped to avoid undercooked chicken yet the chicken has been pink on many occasions. In my last salad the "hand chopped" tomatoes were too large.  Literally, a whole tomatoe was cut into 4 pieces. The cucumbers were old transparent and soggy and there was not much lettuce. I also ordered the large hummus which was of a pudding consistency with too much lemon added.  And i usually get 2 pita breads with my order and today i got 4, all with yellow spots..perhaps they add butter now? I called to inform them of my unsatisfied order and was interrupted while I was going over what was wrong. Only redeeming factor was their offer to remake my food but after having it made so many times with unsafe chicken I could not accept that as a solution. I don't know if they changed cooks but everything was prepared different today. I liked coming here knowing I could eat a healthy meal when I was crunched on time but now it seems that is not the case anymore.Next time I want Greek food I will go to 59th ave and olive.
5	Everything was awesome. Tried the cilantro hummus and it is worth getting it Togo. The owner walked around and asked how it was and was ready to clean off the tables. Very clean environment as well.
4	First impression very busy during lunch. The lady at the cash register was able to provide a recommendation which is a plus in my book. Casual atmosphere and clean. The lady told me they've been at this location for two years. I guess I've passed it up several times. I am always over here shopping at Old Navy and Justice for my youngest. Now for the food. It smells delicious! It is enough for two people. It was a little salty for me but everything is salty since I've been pregnant. The rice was perfect with the exception of a few hard pieces but that happens everywhere. The lady came out to check on me. I'm now starting to think that she is the owner. I couldn't eat it all. I felt bad because I was wasting food. Nevertheless I will return. I'm interested in tasting the other items on the menu. I'm anxious to try the humus. I love a good humus.
5	Chicken shwarma entree was awesome! Garlic sauce really unique. Our server Jackie was very friendly. We need a Pita Kitchen im California!
4	Never had a bad meal here, until today.  Maybe it was just an off day for the pita boys.I always get the #1 combo. Today, the pita bread was dry/hard and the meat was actually hard on the edge. The pita chips and hummus was good.Will return again, normally the food is delicious.
5	The chicken kabob plate is always my go to for lunch or dinner!  Chicken is perfectly seasoned and very juicy!  I usually get the cilantro humus and half salad it's more than enough for one person at a great price.  I lo e that they have kid friendly items as well. The place is very clean and well kept and the service is excellent!  Very humble and accommodating!  I am always recommending this place.
5	Great gyro. Fries were awesome. Super friendly service. Place was packed, but not too crowded for comfort.
4	So worth the drive from El Mirage! The store is clean, the staff is friendly, and the food was DELISH! Best chicken schwarma since Doobie went out of business out in Mesa. We enjoyed a wide variety of dishes and a week later--my party of 9 is STILL talking about how good the food was. Going back this weekend!
5	I love this place! Pita Jungle tastes like crap after eating here. They don't skimp on the meat, the food is consistently good. The people working there are very nice. The ice tea is better than the ice tea at Pita Jungle. I never go to Pita Jungle anymore. You guys get 5 stars for being so much better than a popular chain. I also love supporting small businesses, being a business owner myself.They need to get better at being busy, because with food this good... they will be constantly busy. We ordered food to go tonight. It was good but not great like it usually is. They were PACKED, so our meal probably got rushed a bit. I think they are out growing that little spot. Time to buy the hawaiian place next door that is always empty and move in next to Chipotle.1 good meal, many many great meals. Still a 5 star place in my opinion!
5	Best Greek food I have ever had!!!!  After multiple recommendations,  a couple girlfriends and I decided to finally check it out.  Oh my goodness.....  This place us excellent!  The pita chips, crunchy on the outsides, chewy on the inside.  The gyro was so flavor able.  Fresh, high quality ingredients.  Pita Jungle is over rated in comparison.   The service was very friendly.
5	My boyfriend and I live about 2 minutes away from this place so we are frequent patrons. We love it!!! Have always had awesome food. It comes out fresh and the portions are generous! I love the eggplant and the greek salad. The boy loves...everything. Their hummus... I crave it all the days! Absolutely recommended!!
4	Realllllly good med food ! The chicken shawarma is good, and the veg medley is too !  I like the hummus also.
4	Great gyros and dolmas. We've done both carry out and dined in and had good experiences.
5	I love Gyros pitas, I found out this place was for a while and didn't see it, so anyways... Took my wifey for some Gyro's and Greek Fries. She loved it , try the Blakava very tasty. I know some places have their Cons and Pros ... I go for the taste and service. That makes customers come back. This is my third time , and going for more... not to expensive the price is just right and fills you up. Check out the Pita Kitchen.....
5	There isn't a pita jungle in this area but now that I found pita kitchen I don't mind at all.  I had the chicken swarmaza (not sure how to spell it) with a Greek salad.  The chicken was moist and had so much flavor.  They even offered gold peak tea *my favorite.  Javier had the beef gyro with fries. He said it tasted good but next time will get the salad instead of the fries. We also shared some baklava. I have had better but I'm willing to try It again especially since baklava is one of my favorite desserts.
5	Simple food, this place is great. Reminded me a little of Kasakhstan. Great taste to the hummus and the main dinner meal ... combo kabob was amazing. I live close to here and never stopped in because I love Rumbies too much. The service here is great and the staff are very friendly and mild mannered.  Great atmosphere, not noisy.....thank you.....and not crowded at all, came in at about 7:30pm. The music is very relaxing as well, can't forget that.We will definitely be back. I want to try their gyros next time. This place will come highly recommended at work.
3	New resident of AZ from Houston TX and was curious about Mediterranean food out here. I saw that there were crazy reviews so me and my hubby and kids went. Staff was really nice and helpful, prices are reasonable. I ordered the beef skewer no.10 which was good. The seasoning was good, the Greek salad was great. Just that the steak was a little tough, was cooked a little too long. Other than that it was ok
5	Excellently prepared.  Great customer service.  The schwarma and gyro are great, hummus and greek salad fantastic.  I wish I lived closer to eat here every day!
5	Had an excellent early dinner here tonight.  Very happy with both the gyro and the chicken shawarma.  Very good service.  Will update in the future if the first impression changes.
4	Delicious, generous portions, service with a smile. Extra nominal charge for extra sauce. Gyros better than tri-tip.
5	This place has great food and great service. Always get the combo platter when passing by the area.
4	I'm not greek so i cant say that this place is authentic. But the first time my wife and i came here we were absolutely blown away by the food here. Fresh and vibrant flavors. If you want to expand your horizons and try a diffrent cusine, this place will be a good starting point. The restaurant maybe small buy it is clean and have friendly staff. Also, you get a 10% discount on your entire meal when you check in.on yelp.
5	We went on a Saturday afternoon and they were pretty busy being it was lunch hour. We ordered the gyros. Even our 14 yr old picky eater had a gyro.The gyros themselves were packed full of meat. Had a good amount of the cucumber sauce. They tasted awesome! Gyros are decently priced and a combo with fries and a drink will run you about 9 bucks. We will definitely go back.
5	Fantastic! I have eaten MANY Gyros and this was the best. The fried pita chips with hummus is a brilliant idea! (also good with ketchup) Quality stuff here, clean place, friendly staff. Give it a try!
5	This place has the most amazing food and service. Their gyros are by far the best we have found in Phoenix . And their Greek fries are so addicting they are a must have when you visit this place.
5	Best pitas hands down! Just try it!
5	oh my!  love this place.  went there once a week while traveling for work and i wish i was there now.  ordered the chicken shawarma sandwich with garlic sauce and hummus.  the sandwich is big so i didn't finish it but the garlic sauce is something.  the pita chips with the hummus are amazing.  crunchy but soft in the middle.  to die for.
5	Good food. This restaurant has a bit of a 'fast food' lobby set up, but the food is very good. Prices are reasonable and the staff is nice. We visited during a trip through Arizona. . . I had the vegetarian plate (of course) - The falafel was very tasty - not the best I've ever had, but certainly in the top three! If we're in Arizona again, we know where we're eating.
5	The food is fresh, beautiful, and delicious. The pitas come packed full of meat to the point that you will eat the entire thing and need a fork for the pile of meat left behind. The fries here are some of the best I've ever had, and the hummus and sauces are all homemade and amazing. So far, the best thing I've had off the menu is the Chicken Kebab meal. The chicken is marinated in an amazing blend of things and cooked to perfection, served on a bed of saffron rice with greek salad on the side. This is some of the best Greek food I've had and I can't wait to go back!
5	This place gets it. Although busy at lunch, greeted with a smile. Order was at my table pretty quickly. My order was right, but I saw many folks send theirs back because it was wrong. I am picky when it comes to gyros, these were awesome! My second time there, and I will be back.
5	Heavenly delicious! Mediterranean cuisine is my favorite. Pita Kitchen has some of the best Mediterranean food I have eaten (and I've eaten a lot in many cities). Live in Chandler but took our friend to dinner here who lives in Avondale after reading the really good Yelp reviews. He's a picky eater, had never eaten Mediterranean before but loved it. He had the Gyro plate with rice and Greek salad. We ordered the Mediterranean sampler platter for an appetizer and it was fabulous. Comes with hummus, baba ghanouj, taziki dip, dolmas, falafel, tabbouli and pita bread. All very fresh and mouth-watering. The pita bread was very soft and warm. The baba ghanouj is out of this world -- smokey, nutty, spicy. I have never been a huge dolma fan, but I was finally won over here. Husband and I had the falafel pita. The falafel was well seasoned and moist, perfect. Hubby also had the Greek fries which put all other fries to shame. I had a few bites and wanted to snag them when he wasn't looking but decided to mind my manners so I didn't end up sleeping on the couch. :-0 The portions are good size with reasonable prices. Very courteous staff who greet you with a pleasant smile and check on you even though it's a counter order style restaurant. Very clean with nice ambiance for a small, fast food restaurant even though I don't put it in the same category as fast food. We will definitely make the near-hour trip again just to eat here...oh and to visit our friend. Tried to convince the owner to put their next location near Chandler. Maybe we will have to start a petition for that. Haha! At any rate, highly recommend giving it a try. Works well as a family restaurant (kid-friendly menu), dinner dates, for vegitarians/vegans, take-out or catering. Just writing this review is making my mouth water. Just might have to make the drive to Avondale today. Nom Nom!
4	Eat here all the time, it's never been bad! The servings are HUGE! You can get hummus, wraps, and some delicous baklava too! It's small on the inside, and can get crowded, but they give excellent customer service. Everyone gets their full attention, and daily specials make for a great, inexpensive lunch! The chicken kabob meal is my favorite, and the saffron rice is worth the trip alone! Enjoy!
5	Absolutely delicious. I have never had pita chips like these and quite honestly...I am spoiled now!  Everything we had was wonderful and we made sure to let the guy who runs the place know it!  Will definitely revisit!
5	Amazing - the Baba Ganouche is scruptious.  Pita chips were melt in your mouth good.  Chicken and rice absolutely delicious.  Super affordable - not a ton of ambiance, but the food is the star of the show here.
5	Best Greek food in town!!! Everything is made fresh, and it tastes delicious.  The staff is very kind and friendly. Place is very clean. I crave this food all the time, especially their chicken, rice and salad. Pita chips are out of this world! They are must try.
5	The food is delicious! You have to get the pita bread chips; perfect balance between soft and crunchy. The gyro meat is seasoned well and tasty and everything was brought out fairly quick. I will definitely come back for more :-)
5	Stopped here because of the 4.5 star rating. Was not disappointed. We ordered an eggplant pita and a chicken shawarma pita. Both were amazing. The owner was kind and welcoming.  I highly recommend them. And if you check in you get 10% off your bill. I had already paid and sat down before I checked in, so I didn't use mine. But nonetheless the prices are quite reasonable and the food is fresh and tasty!
5	This has become my favorite Greek food destination. The food taste so fresh. The staff is super friendly and attentive. The place is so immaculately clean you can eat off the floor and if you go at lunch you may have to because people have started to find this gem and it gets busy. We had to share a table with strangers one day because there wasn't a spot left so I hope the expand. Everything I've had has been wonderful and I literally dream about their hummus. My husband loves that he can have a beer but we can still get in and out in 30 min. They don't skimp on portions at all and I often wish I had shared with my husband. Highly recommend!
5	This is by far the best Greek restaurant in the valley. And I would venture to say the best restaurant in the west valley. Fresh delicious great customer service. Welcoming atmosphere.
5	I love place! The best Greek food in Phoenix I've tried so far! Always fresh, always yummy! Great service. The owner is always checking up on your meal and he is always soo nice!
5	Delicious food and truly delightful workers. One of the workers noticed I was almost out of their delicious sauce and offered to bring me another! Didn't even know I could get more. Love this place
2	This is an "OK" Greek place, but no where near the best. Our last few trips have been a big let down and I forgot to call an tell them so I'll tell all: the salads are $10 for a small portion of ragged old lettuce and a few pieces of chicken here an there. The gyro my husband had was also skimping on portion and the pita was hard! Their meals are also pricey in my opinion and you'll get crap fries, compared to the alternative My Big Fat Greek.
5	So I've been frequenting this fine establishment for the last few years and I gotta say this place never disappoints. There service is amazing they're always smiling and making you feel welcomed and there food OMG there food beats the service which is impossible to comprehend but it does!!! I lve tried a few different items and have always left satisfied today however I went in with a different mindset as in I needed some comfort food. This is where Pita Kitchen excels, I ordered the gyros entree and Greek bruschetta, first time for the latter which came out 1st and I'm so glad it did because it was one of the most pleasant surprises I've encountered in any food establishment in a very long time. Soon after the entree showed up and like I said I've had it many times before but that didn't matter because it tasted like the very first time again which needless to say is pretty epic. I could write a novel and not do this gem of a place  justice so I'll leave with the tip that if you love amazing food and great service it doesn't matter what part of the valley you are in, it is definitely worth the drive and some.
5	Great people and great food. The man at the counter was very friendly and helpful. Not your everyday fast food joint. The food was delicious and fresh. And we are at the end of the night. I would go back, no question!
5	Wonderful Mediterranean 'fast food'.  The gyros are wonderfully flavorful and packed full of well seasoned meat.  Garlic sauce is an option on the pitas and highly recommended by this reviewer.  Portions are plentiful and should satisfy the heartiest of appetites - split a combo meal if you are a smaller eater.  Service is wonderful and they really seem to like their customers and their business.  Would be a regular at this place if we lived in Phoenix.
4	Pita chips and hummus yum yum! My three year old even loves it.They are all very friendly, I'm never disappointed. It's a small space and can fill up quickly.Suggestion? Order it to go.
4	Great schwarma and rice. Tasted as good as haji babas or princess deli in Tempe. Glad to have a place like this on the west side.
5	Food is very good. Nice, courteous service.  The pita chips are delicious along with the hummus. I ordered them instead of fries not knowing what to expect and was delighted with them.
5	Love this place, GREAT food and by far the best customer service i have  ever experienced. They make you feel like you have been their friend for years even if you'd only just walked in for the first time. The Greek Fries are AMAZING!  . This place is a real gem.
5	Awesome food, very clean, great service.  The food is fast but not too fast.  The atmosphere is casual & friendly. If you come, you have to try the Greek fries... special sauce with feta & parsley..YUM!
5	This place had some of the best Greek food I've eaten. The fattoush salad was amazing and I loved their dolmas. Really inexpensive for really amazing food. Plus, the service is extremely friendly. They make you feel at home.We got our food relatively quickly. The place was almost completely filled so I was surprised I didn't have to wait. I would definitely return here.
5	Excellent food, value, and service. The Greek salad with chicken is all I have had, because I keep ordering the same thing. Multiple hot sauce options, very fast, and such good quality and quantity. Not sure how anyone would be dissatisfied! Also the guys working are very pleasant.
5	Chicken kababs are amazing..with some of the famous pink garlic sauce.....I usually get the chicken kababs..or the chicken kababs salad...great
4	I dig this place! Everything I have tried here was very good! The exception might be the hummus which I found to be slightly bland but it was totally edible and I am pretty picky about hummus! The Greek fries are awesome too!
4	The food was good, especially the chocolate creme brulee dessert. However the service was a bit perfunctory. Also, the table was located next to the bussing station and I couldn't help notice an odor of disinfectant bucket along with the chit chat of the staff about work loads, etc. When I tried to talk with a waiter about the odor I got real brush off.
