5	Tasty health food are words that don't normally mix with lets go out to eat but this place has made it happen. Love this place!
5	Stopped in after a workout at ProtoGym, desperately hoping for a new healthy joint  for lunch or dinner after working out. I was pleasantly surprised at the large menu offering full of  healthy options at a reasonable price. I opted for salmon and spinach salad ($7.99)and a friend went with the 8 oz Korean chicken which came with a choice of brown or white rice, mixed salad, and a drink ($8.75 or so). If you are a ProtoGym member you get 10% off as well! After ordering we were a bit skeptical at the portions we were going to get at that price point. Those worries were quickly put to rest. Everything was great, from the portion size to quality and taste of the food. Their grand opening is Saturday, Sept 14th and they are having some great deals on the food that day. I am SO happy we now have a healthy go to place for take out or post work out meals!
5	Places dedicated to healthier alternatives to eat are a bit of a challenge to find in this area. Excited to see Fix8 Fitness Cafe change that.  It's the new little place in the strip mall right nearby Island Frozen Yogurt.  And speaking of island, a few of the menu items here have Hawaiian and Asian influences in them like Steak Loco Moco, Kimchee Steak, Korean Chicken, but with a healthier twist.My healthy fitness- clean eats -freak friends (jk)  will appreciate this place even more so because plate serving sizes are portion controlled in either regular 4oz or large 8oz sizes that also come with side of brown or white rice and mixed greensThe prices they charge are super reasonable. My entree and drink set me back a total of almost $9....whaaat??...that's  just a little over what I pay for that green smoothie alone over at the other healthy eats place over on Eastern! You can also substitute sides if you want to for an additional  charge. Since I usually skip out on rice, I got mushrooms instead to go with my Korean Chicken, which was delish by the way. Slices of chicken breast with a light sweet teriyaki marinade.  All ingredients are fresh, everything is made on premise.Atmos/Service - Fast/Casual  Order at counter and they'll bring it out to you when ready or you can take it to go. There's plenty of seating in the dining area. If you have been here when it was the chicken finger place you'll recognize the layout and tables and chairs . Service is friendly. Got to chat w/Leann a bit. Owners are from the Aloha state!Five stars because I like what I see  and have tried out so far. Happy to add this place for my post workout grub or just having a healthier meal.oh yeah If you are reading this online via web you missed the tip I added so download the Yelp app!
5	Healthy food right next to the gym I go to.  The place is new and it looks like they are still working on the decor, but the food is great.Most of the options come with some sort of protein, white or brown rice, and a small salad made from spinach or a spring mix.  There are substitutions listed on the menu though.  So far I've tried the Korean chicken and the steak and mushrooms.  Both were phenomenal.  It was really cheap too, especially for the portion size and quality of the meat.  I hope they are turning a profit...I want them to stick around.
4	Food for those "clean-eating freaks"--alleluia!  Fix8 Fitness Cafe is a welcome addition to the neighborhood in this part of Henderson.  Shirley B. is already the duchess of this new joint and we met her for lunch at her kingdom to check it out because she knows we are freaky like that.  I had the small order of grilled steak (4 oz.) and requested it to be plain (i.e. freaky clean), as in, without the seasonings they would normally use.  The nice lady behind the counter offered up Mrs. Dash as an alternative and, yes, I will take that, thank you.  It would be an extra ten minutes, but the b/f ordered the large portion made the same way, so it worked out well.  I substituted the rice for broccoli and had the side salad with their balsamic dressing on the side. It was a tasty lunch. I'm happy that they've opened up so I now I don't always have to go the crazy chicken place when I want to eat out during the work week.  But, do I have enough will power to avoid the yogurt place with the Dole Pineapple flavor that's in the same plaza for dessert....
4	Met up with some of my favorites for lunch...Terri R, Suzy H, and the current Duchess of Fix8, Shirley B. Fix8 Fitness Cafe is located in Henderson off Horizon Ridge. Their specialty...clean eats.  Your choices are healthy ones of course. You can select off their menu, which include Steaks, Fish, Turkey, Chicken, and Salads. This joint even has Loco Moco's. There's multiple combos to choose from, but I decided to customize mine to a large order of steak (8 oz clean / no seasoning), mushrooms, and some greens.  The steak was prepared medium, was tender, and full of flavor even though it was clean. The broccoli was also tender, if that even makes sense.  In my opinion, the prices are fair considering the portions and the staff here is great. I will probably be back since I'm in the area every once in awhile. My Wishlist:-Although you can customize your order, the prices should be adjusted if you decide to take something off the combo. I deleted the rice and instead of giving me the option to pay less, I was only given the option to substitute. In fact, I paid an extra $1 because I chose broccoli. I guess broccoli cost a full $1 more than rice.-Add Bison and Ostrich to the menuYELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (419/500)
5	This is my new favorite place to eat.  Everything is perfectly cooked with no added butter or oil.  Generous portions of fresh whole food.  Already been there twice this week.
5	Healthy, fresh, yummy food! Great for whole family. We'll be back for sure. We had chicken and steak, both cooked tender. Brown rice is delicious.
3	We first went after a long bike ride and it was exactly what we wanted and needed to refuel! I had shrimp, brown rice and sweet potatoes. Seasoned well and reheated great too! My bf loves the kimchi steak. Why it won't be my weekly post gym spot: The only non-soda drinks they offer are iced tea or bottled water. Really? There are so many amazing health conscious and unique beverage choices out there. All food is served in togo containers and all flatware is plastic. And all beverages are served in styrofoam cups. Ughhh, 1990s called. So even if I finish my meal, I still bring my garbage home to recycle because they don't. Why is Vegas so wasteful?! I will go back bc it's my style of lunch but Ill bring my own drink and take my food home.
5	amazing food. finally a healthy place to eat around horizon ridge area. super friendly. the only thing that could make this place better is if they made breakfast!!!
5	Saw the Groupon and decided to try it out. The food is simple but good. I ordered the chicken with Korean sauce and my husband ordered the chicken with peanut sauce. The staff was very friendly and offered bottled water when I didn't want a fountain drink. Good service and good food.
5	Fantastic, flavorful, cheap and oh so healthy.  A huge hit for the whole family!!  Perfect for everyday, any-day.
5	Food is simple, healthy, and delicious.  I will be back! I tried the steak and chicken combo and was pleased with the flavor and portion size.
5	I'm a huge sucker for Hawaiian local food but since I've changed my eating habits, I've had to curb my cravings for it.  But now, this option. Brown rice, lean meats, and greens. Are you kiddin' me?  Never thought I could find it but out of nowhere, comes FX8.  HEALTHY LOCAL FOOD. Ok, no katsu or breaded mahi, but if you can believe it, a healthy version of loco moco with steak and egg whites instead. Today, I tried the garlic steak. Hit the spot.  My brother had the Korean chicken. Both lightly sauced and measured to 8 oz of protein. Add some greens and brown rice, you got a better version of BBQ beef. It's great that they give you the option of 4 or 8 oz serving of protein.  They serve it to you in plastic containers and service is quick and friendly.  For all of you that love local food but worried about expending the calories, I'd highly recommend this place.
1	This place is horrible. We walked in not one person was in the place besides the owner and his wife, they did not greet us they were not enthusiastic about there business AT ALL. Not welcoming at ALL. The decor sucks and we literally got a refund before they even had a chance to bring out our food. No gloves were used in the kitchen after ringing in our order and it was not clean. For a new business you think you would be in top of it. It's clear this guy has NEVER owned or operated a food business.
5	i took my wife & kids there for the grand opening and we all finished our plates satisfied and happy to have had a healthy meal. then we went there on a weekend and we all ordered something different and the SAME THING happened, we all finished our plates NOTHING FRIED nor DROWNED WITH SAUCE. as a parent we all need to expose our children to places that serve HEALTHY FOOD that TASTES GREAT (kimchee steak is yum!). IT IS OUR RESPONSIBILITY TO DO SO! the world needs more places like FIX8!!!!!
4	This place beets out all other "quick" food of its style. The brown rice was fresh and moist, not dry like brown rice at most restaurants. I had the 4oz garlic steak - cooked to perfection (btw). The only complaint is the neighboring business is a cross for gym and they drop the weights and make the floor shake, which at first you might think it's the kitchen staff  slamming doors, but it's not. I hope you open a second location closer to my home.
5	all of their food are good and healthy.except for the shrimp. i love this place.recommended for everyone to try them out.
