4	This place is easy to miss, but make a point to stop in. If you live in Wisconsin, you've had yourself a brat or two...BUT--have you had a gyro brat, or a chicken habanero brat, or a Hawaiian brat? You can if you go to Jim's! I talked to the man behind the counter(Jim?) my first time in, and he told me that he tries to come up with a few types of brat each season, and then he keeps the favorites. His goal is to get to 100. ONE HUNDRED KINDS OF BRAT, PEOPLE. There are fresh seasonal types, and of course your classic. In the freezer, you'll find the mecca of meat selection.Of course, there are more than just brats...otherwise he would have called the place Jim's Brats. You get the idea.
4	i'll admit, i haven't been to jim's meat in over a year.. .. but i don't exactly live very close to it any more so i have to claim laziness.however, back in the day, we used to go to jim's ALL THE TIME.my best friend had jim's meat programmed into his phone.not only do they have fresh and quality meats (once, we got these chicken cordon bleu -- ham and swiss wrapped in chicken breast -- there that we took home, grilled and LOVED), but they also have prepared food, like amazing cheeseburgers and brats!would definitely recommend going there if you're even remotely in the neighborhood.oh how i miss jim's.
4	Directions:1. Go to Jims.2. Get a package of gyro brats.3. Purchase gyro sauce and buns.4. Enjoy, rinse, repeat.Soooooo goooooood!  Every time I'm in town, I try to make the trip and grab a pack to bring back home.
4	I've gone here once last summer (with myself living all the way over on the west of madison, the drive is kind of a hassle. Is the reason being am not a regular at jim's.), the meat quality overall was decent. This shop is owned and operated locally. The customer service was good and friendly. This shop has a wide variety selection of meat. They even have different flavors of bratwurst where you don't normally find at large super markets. Worth a visit, stop by and try jim's today.
5	MHoly crap this place is amazing!  Best meat selection in Madison. Tons of brats! Awesome service too!Weekly he has a 10 for $10 burger special, which is amazing, and our first time, we only bought 2 burgers (yummy pizza ones) and he gave us 2 buns!  Today we got jalapeno/cheddar burgers, brat patties, and chipotle burgers, plus 4 Hawaiian brats (they have pineapple in them)! All of that was $16!We also put an order in for an upcoming special they are having--12 sirloins for $20 and 10 lbs of jalapeno/cheddar brats for $3.99/lb.I am so glad that my man and I found this gem... If you love both traditional cuts and innovative hybrids, check out Jims!Ps, Jim is a super nice guy too, who loves his business and does it well!
5	Awesome local meat market. Nice selection, incredibly friendly staff & great deals!
5	Great selection of meat and sausage... I dropped in on a lark and they had unlimited Skirt Steak... which I couldn't find anywhere else in Madison (totally weird, coming from chicago).  Great quality skirt, required a bit of additional trimming, but that's normal...will visit Jim again and again
5	I love these guys!! They always have great recommendations and good quality food. They are my go-to meat market, even now that I live outside of Madison. They are super friendly, too, and helped me carry stuff out to my car when I was with my baby. GREAT STORE!!
3	I want to love Jim's because John the owner is such a nice guy but I can only give it 3 stars. We got a $20 for $10 coupon and heard great things about the 100 items for $100 deal. So, we splurged in order to fill up our freezer and went for it. First, I counted the number of items (joking at first) and noticed that we only got 89 items. Not a big deal but it essentially negated the discount / groupon we were using. Second, almost everything was mislabeled! Cube steak was hamburger patties. Chicken breasts were chicken tenders. Beef hamburgers were bratwurst patties. Pork cutlets were sausage patties....etc. Again, not a huge deal but annoying when you plan ahead, thaw an item for meal and end up having to improvise in the end anyway (hamburger stir fry isn't bad, neither is a bratwurst cheeseburger).Finally, I am not sure it was an outstanding value. We ended up with about 70 hot dogs, assorted bratwurst and assorted bratwurst patties which are quite inexpensive. Of the remaining items, portions were quite small and anything expensive was bulked up by wrapping it in bacon. Also, the assorted kabobs we got were simply flavored by dusting them with powder flavorings. They were still good, just not very gourmet and something I could have done easily myself. On a positive note, the chicken Parmesan cutlets/patties were amazing!!Also, the over the counter items always look and smell great! I have also heard their wings are the best around. I'll go back for the brats in the summer but I don't think I could eat another one until then!
4	I cook. A lot.  However, I don't eat much red meat. But when I do...well, I go to Jim's.I first went with one of my roommates to Jim's a few months ago. They had a fantastic, fresh selection of outstanding meats. We met Jim, the guy who owns the place--he even tipped us off to some huge sales a month in advance!Everyone there is nice...painfully nice. I know, I know--what a complaint!We bought a beef tenderloin for our bi-annual (well, once-a-semester) beef wellington extravaganza, and I must say...the quality was fantastic. So, anyways, next time I feel the need to pull out my trusty cast iron skillet and prepare a delicious steak? Well, you know where I'm going to get the meat.
5	Friendly neighborhood meat market. Everyday prices are competitive; weekly specials are spectacular--beats supermarket prices for much better quality meat. Best item: the Sheboygan brats. These are absolutely the best brats I've ever had, whether in Wisconsin or in Germany. Other varieties are very good, too.The staff, moreover, is both friendly and knowledgeable. They can do practically any custom order. They get to know their customers and treat regulars like family.
4	Amazing is all I can say. They have absolutely everything. No, it's not organic but it's super homemade and killer. I get something different every time I am there and have yet to be disappointed. All the brats, beef, chicken, BACON are all wonderful. Support local butchers or they will disappear! Perfect example, I went in and asked for a pound of italian sausage (kale/cauliflower/sausage pot pie, yum!) and they were out but they offered to make me some on the spot. Really amazing service and great product quality. Make the trip to Jim's
3	Some kid answers the phone yesterday 45 minutes before their posted closing time "Umm...yah we're like closed" he didn't even say hello? I would have felt better if he simply didn't answer the phone.
5	Love this place and the people that run it. They're just an old school neighborhood meat market.  Burgundy steaks are the best. Great deals ALWAYS!!!
5	Jim's completely rocks! John (part owner & tall, friendly guy behind the counter) will take time to talk with you about your wants & needs, and will special order anything you wish. I say this because he did it for me many times over the years that I lived walking distance from the store. Their fresh, Amish turkeys are the best you can get for Thanksgiving. You do need to order those in advance, however. If you don't see what you're looking for in the display case, just ask. He would custom cut a chunk of center sirloin for me - he always had a primal in stock, not frozen. He would let me hang out in the lobby and talk meat on Saturday mornings, between customers. I wanted to help out behind the counter, just to learn from the team, but they hire young people to work the counter, and I couldn't take a job as a hobby that someone else needed to get thru school, etc. Long story short - If you like/love meat, but can't tell a ribeye from a strip, this is the place to go. They will help you make a decision, and how to treat the meat if need be. Remember - the only stupid question is the one that never gets asked. You needn't worry that you will be looked down upon if you ask a novice grilling question. This is not a pretentious boutique. It's a friendly, helpful business that truly values your business, and they will help you make some killer meat!
4	I know that Jim's deserves a "5", but I can't award them that at this time.  My wife and her coworkers frequent this place for lunch.  So much that he knew her name when she arrived for a pickup last night.  I have been there once in the past and can attest to the friendly atmosphere that leads you to believe that you are in a small town butcher shop. Last night we brought home the Burgundy Steak Sandwich and the Philly Cheese Steak Sandwich.  Both were amazing, as were the waffle fries (though they were a bit soggy from the travel time and wait time once they came home).  Given the state of the fries, I give major props to the buns on the sandwiches.  They held up quite well given the time that everything set on the kitchen table while we dealt with our little boy.  Last time I purchased the meatloaf sandwich and was totally satisfied.  This time was no different.  Jim's is a great spot for last minute dinners, planned dinners, and eats for the future.  Good job Jim.  We'll be back.
