5	The Traveling Monk is one of the newest Food Trucks in the Valley. This truck came out swinging with some amazing beer inspired food. The crew working the Traveling Monk truck is friendly and gets the food out with a smile. The dude on the truck is pretty knowledgeable about beer too. I've sampled their food several times, most recently at the World of Beer 1 year anniversary party. The food is outstanding and seems to rotate a bit. I've tried their street tacos, burgers, bbq pork sliders, meatball sliders, portobello pesto ciabatta, green chilli pork and a few other items. The side items are crazy off-the-hook good too!! Did I mention the food is craft beer inspired? If you are looking for food bursting with flavor this is your truck. Did I tell ya they cook with craft beer?
5	I'm a big fan of The Hungry Monk for its beer selection and wings, so I was curious to see what their newly-commissioned food truck, The Traveling Monk, would offer. Wasn't sure where to find them since their website (travelingmonkaz.com) does not appear to be supported. However, their Facebook page is kept current and I was able to determine that they would be appearing on a Saturday evening at the Food Truck Caravan in Scottsdale located at 5th Avenue and Goldwater Boulevard. Fortuitously, I had bought tickets for a comedy show at Scottsdale's Stand-Up Live, which was a stone's throw away.I couldn't resist ordering the BBQ pork street tacos (beer barbeque pulled pork, jalapeno slaw, with bacon beer aioli) and they were phenomenal! They come three to an order so I was able to share with my comedy show compadre. He concurred that they were scrumptious. It stands to figure that porky goodness cooked with beer can be somewhat irresistable, and the folks at The Traveling Monk seem to know that all too well.I have since noticed that The Traveling Monk has been appearing at new breweries, which seem to be popping up in the East Valley as of late. I will keep my eyes peeled on their Facebook feed, since it seems like a perfect excuse to visit them at a couple of breweries on my list (Arizona Wilderness Brewing Company in Gilbert and Huss Brewing Company in Tempe, for example). I can only imagine how well their food goes down with a delicious craft beer, and I can only surmise that the folks responsible for The Hungry Monk (which maintains a very respectable craft beer selection) know exactly what they are doing.
5	Great food truck,  it's really a shame that the actual bar that owns the truck diesn't have the same quality food. Like a lot of food trucks it is a little pricey but it is pretty good. My only complaint is that there wasn't enough gravy with the fried chicken.
3	The food from this truck is wonderful! I tried the portobello sandwich and the green chile pork tacos. They put a layer of cheese between the two taco shells. Little details like that is what makes the food great. The flavor of both items blew me away. So yummy. So why only 3 stars? They took forever. We tried them at the Gilbert Food Trucks Food Court and they were super under staffed. Took close to an hour with waiting in line and waiting on food. Not exactly what one expects from a food truck. And while the food is amazing, it's not good enough to over look that long wait.
4	I am so excited that my office park has started allowing food trucks into the courtyard twice a month. And I was pleasantly surprised to see The Traveling Monk was among them. Even though there are many great restaurants nearby, I just don't want to go too far away from the a/c now that it is getting hot. I've been to The Hungry Monk in Chandler a few times. I have to say that the food they serve at the food truck is actually better than what is at the restaurant (even though a much smaller selection of course). Their grilled cheese is just flat out amazing. Love those beer braised onions on top! Yum, yum. Now if only they would serve some cold ones along with the food I would be in heaven.
