4	I saw this shop when we went to Universal last month but didn't stop in though. So, when I saw this store today at the second level of the Fashion Show Mall in between Auntie Anne's and Borders (closing BTW), we checked out the Sanuk line- very impressive large selection of these flip flops BTW (makes these ones called Yoga Mats for the ladies, which are so pillowy and comfy- love the way they feel, and they come in so many fun colors and animal prints too BTW), because my husband is looking for the ones that say "These Are Not Shoes" without the backs (super hard to find; we've been searching), but there were only three pairs left,  which were not his size. The guy working there said that they won't be in for another three weeks (we'll have to check it out). There was another lady working there too BTW. They were very nice too.  Small store but good use of space- most of the wall space was utilized. It was neat and didn't seem crowded, which usually tends to be the case with small stores. But then again there was only one other customer besides us.   Great store for the flip flop fan- even in Winter, these flip flops are here to stay, as witnessed everywhere we go (whatever floats your boat). I am very picky with mine, because I need some support for my high arches. But I do highly recommend the Sanuk Yoga Mats for the ladies; sold here for $32; might be higher for the animal prints. (Also available at Dillards, should this store not have your size in stock.)
5	Not only the best selection of footwear, but reasonably priced, too. The mgr, Mike, was great. He went out of his way to resolve exchanging a pair of sandles that were bought at another store. And you can bet I'll be buying my yearly pair of summer sandles at Mike's store, when we visit in the spring.  Thanks again!
3	A shop that sells Flip Flops? Yup, and they do!  Many selections, with really good brands and some of them can cost more than your dress shoes.  They also sell casual shoes that are made for comfort and lightweight.  They may seem high in price, but high in quality too.  Don't walk past it; you can always use another pair of Flip Flops.
