5	Dr Davis and his team are amazing! The dental hygienists in the office are gentle and thorough in teeth cleaning. I am not someone who enjoys the dentist so I am always anxious when it comes to my check-ups. However, Dr. Davis does such a great job at keeping me calm, and keeping it fun. Dr. Davis also explains all your options for dental care, and is very skilled at cosmetic dentistry as well. I actually look forward to future visits.I highly recommend Chandler Dental, Dr Davis, and his friendly staff.
4	Staff are efficient, helpful and kind.  No attitudes here!  Office uses technology and social media well that benefits patients.  Up to date practices and equipment.  Dr. Davis is very good.  Knows his dental science and is very good with procedures, making sure you're comfortable and that you don't experience pain or discomfort.  He  makes the right diagnosis, understands ramifications, asks about prior medical issues/prescriptions and makes good recommendations for treatment.  Lets patients know costs and estimates upfront.  I've been going to this office for probably about 6 years.  Dr. Davis took over the practice from another dentist probably about 3 years ago (?), and I've continued coming to his practice and I live in S.E. Gilbert; his office is in South Chandler.
5	I dislike the dentist, who doesn't? This wasn't like another dentist though, they gave me a tour to put me at ease, showed me pricing before I did anything, were very low pressure, gave me goody bags and even had a comfort menu. Ie free water, chapstick, blanket or even and ipad to play on if you are bored. I have three more appointments scheduled already and I have already referred my mom and 2 friends. Thanks guys!
5	My wife and I have been patients at Chandler dental for many years.Dr. Chase Davis took over the practice recently and he has brought a fresh approach to the practice, integrating social media and electronic communication into his business processes. Dr. Davis is a great dentist and good family man that seems to truly care about his patients. You don't feel like you are just another number.  We think Chandler dental is awesome!
3	I'm a new patient.  Dr. Davis replaced some old fillings with new ones and that went well.  My only concern is that I had to wait my first visit and during my second, Dr. Davis attended to another patient while I was in the chair.  I plan to continue with this office but hope that I am given priority when being seen going forward.
5	I first came in to Chandler Dental because I had an emergency issue. Dr. Davis has been a great doctor. He was kind, patient, and personable. His staff worked with me to carefully help me get the services I needed. They have great hours, allowing me to get early morning or late afternoon appointments as needed so that I can work around my schedule at work. My dental hygienist, Nikki, has really been a great help, as well. Like the rest of the staff, she is kind and caring, and has such a positive attitude, it's really a positive experience to be seen by her.I feel like all the staff at the office really care about me and the other patients. I have always had a bit of a terrified experience visiting the dentist, I have come to really like this office and a lot of my fears are a thing of the past.
5	Had an infected tooth enflame overnight. Was able to go to Chandler Dental first thing in the morning. They saw the urgency of my condition and helped me right away. Staff was very professional and courteous and before I knew it I was in the chair having my issue taken care of. Dr. Davis was very clear in explaining my treatment options and once the work was done he was very clear in explaining my recovery. Would highly recommend this office for anyone.
5	I grew up in Chicago with the same dentist since I was a young child. When moving to Arizona, I bounced around to different dentists, never feeling that same comfort or welcome as I did with my previous dentist at home. When a co-worker raved about Chandler Dental, I finally decided to give it a try and I could not be any more happy that I did. They got me scheduled within a week and I did not have to wait a month for an appointment. The receptionists answer the phone immediately and are super helpful every time I call. I even called the morning of my first appointment to let them know my schedule had changed with my daughters school and they were very understanding and accommodating with my appointment, even after I said that I could reschedule if needed.There office is super clean and much bigger than I expected it to be. Since it was my first visit with them, they gave me a tour of the office which I thought was a nice touch. It's nice to know they are comfortable showing off their facility and have nothing to hide. :) Nikki, my hygienist, was crazy amazing! Answered all my silly questions without hesitation and did not make me feel bad when I reported how long it had been since my last visit to the dentist. She made my first visit comfortable, relaxing, and actually quite pleasant. Dr. Davis and Nikki were very gentle with the cleaning and my teeth felt and looked great when I left. I could not have been happier with my visit. About a month later, I returned to get a filing because sadly my first cavity was found during the cleaning. (Side note: Dr. Davis said he could take care of my filing on the day of my cleaning but I had to leave to pick up my daughter from school so I chose to reschedule it.) This follow up visit was just as spectacular as the last. I was immediately taken to the back and they started to work with my teeth. The hygienist explained the procedure in full detail before getting started and really helped decrease my anxiety of going through this procedure for the first time. The hygienist and Dr. Davis were super sweet when I explained how much I LOVE needles and how much I was looking forward to the numbing part of the procedure. Dr. Davis was fabulous! I did not even feel the numbing injection! Whew! I was so relieved. :) The appointment probably took a half hour, if that. So yeah....I'd say they are pretty amazing! I would definitely refer Chandler Dental to anyone and everyone in search of a trustworthy, comfortable dental experience. I am happy to say that I scheduled my 6 month cleaning ahead of time and feel like I finally found a dentistry family that makes me feel like home again. PS: Prices are A-mazing! :) Very reasonable and they even take Care Credit! :)
5	I just went to this office for my first visit and I was VERY impressed. I had to switch dentists and I was nervous to find someone new. I was warmly greeted in a beautiful office and we were given a tour of the facility. My dental hygienist was SUPER friendly, super gentile and I was not judged by her or anyone. I was completely at ease and was a quick experience.Dr. Davis was just as friendly, just as gentile and I felt I trusted him very much. I am pleased to have found someone so close to home!! I would absolutely recommend him.
5	Bad mom....had my kids go first. LOL All I can say is my daughter is 19 and my son is 17 and they said after leaving ..................without talking to one another that this was there favorite dentist!! Nicki (hope spelled your name right) was so awesome. My son said tonight it was so nice to have someone tell him what was going on before THE DENTIST came in!! Thank you all for making it a good experience!!
5	Wonderful service. Great staff. Even received a free $50 gift card to Fry's using a flyer in the mail :-)
