4	I must be having some latent AZ nostalgia going on, but I LOVE the Miracle Mile and it brings back such wonderful memories of my childhood and my Grandparents that I wanted to bring my guy here. That and I swear finding Jewish style deli in the Bay Area is almost a mis-nomer. Sorry Saul's, but you suck.This is cafeteria style deli where you order at one end, they make your sandwich, pass it to the fry guy, and then they put on the pickle spear. They speed it down the bar toward the register where you order your drink and pay and carry your tray to a table where good spicy mustard is (along with regular yellow and ketchup). This isn't Chompie's-you won't get overwhelmed by the menu, but this is a place to get decent hot pastrami, corned beef, and hot sliced brisket. They have other sandwich offerings as well along with hot stuff and the best part...Karsha's rye bread!! Prices have gone up, but this is Phoenix folks, it is still cheaper than the Bay and definitely cheaper than lunch in Disneyland!So, for the nostalgia part...My Grandparent's moved to Phoenix in 1949. Miracle Mile started that same year. My Great Grandparent's owned an apartment building right near where Park Central Mall is now. Anyway, Miracle Mile has been around just about this whole time too and started at 16th Street and McDowell which was then called "The Miracle Mile". This and Durant's were my families staple weekly restaurants. They had a location at Christown Mall-that was the one closest to where I was raised (back in the day folks-it was a nice mall-think Hilltop back before it was ghetto). Any special or sad occasion in my family here involved a tray from MM. Yep-any. Bris, Bar/Bat Mitzvah, Death, Birthdays, etc. It was always fresh and delicious. That and aside from Katz on Central, this was a place my Grandfather approved of.What was funny yesterday was that when I went to the counter to order my sandwich, the man plopping on the pastrami to my rye was the same guy that plopped my pastrami on rye 20 years ago at Christown. This speaks volumes...The food is fresh. The food is efficient. The portions are big and luckily, my situational pescatarian agreed to share a sandwich with me. My guy on the other hand, devoured his entire hot brisket sandwich on a fresh Karsha' onion roll and though he declared my brisket is better, he was very happy.
2	Seriously. What's the fuss over this place? Nostalgia? Because I was among the youngest patrons yesterday, and I'm pushing 40. I met a new colleague here for a business lunch because he had just moved very close to Arrowhead. This location is right around the corner from the Mervyn's, with Macy's on the other side. It was mall food, not some awesome back-east deli. I had a roast beef. It had a decent amount of meat (but nowhere near the pic on their website), mayo, lettuce, tomato. I could have made this at home with better tasting unprocessed beef from Midwestern Meats. No option to toast the bread? I personally hate sandwiches on untoasted bread. The fries were nothing special. The wrapped cake slices were so smashed they were completely unappealing. How long have they been sitting there? The man behind the counter of the baked goods sub-section was rude and weird, but all the other staffers were pleasant. Last but not least, I felt the price was way too high. Almost $12 for a meh sandwich, fries, and a large drink? With no table service? No thanks, Miracle Mile.
4	Still love this place and this time, am including a picture of my hot pastrami on rye. I think my 1st review was a perfect description and I deem it ROTD worthy, so that is all folks. Read that one and you will know...
4	I think they have some of the best corned beef around.  I have been here several times. Sometimes the line can get a bit long.  My opinion is it is a definite step up from the food court.  They may not be the best Jewish deli around but they are one of the better places to get a sandwich in the West valley.  I was in there again yesterday and got a corned beef on sourdough with potato salad ($7.95).  They tend to push their fries which are ok but I like to try different stuff.  The potato salad was ok, but I saw several of the fruit cups and wish I had gotten on of them instead.  I had more on my plate than I could finish.
5	After 12 years of business at this location I am so sad to report that Miracle Mile is now closed....Sad I am.
