5	I'm not as liberal with my 5-star ratings as I used to be....but my recent trip to NC and a shopping outing with my BFF put a dent in my 3 to 4-star run.Let me start by saying, I HATE SHOPPING!  Its just not my thing, but this was one of those rare occasions where all went well and I landed some great purchases.  Almost 2 years ago I broke my little toe, no biggie you think, well not so in this case - I have not been able to go out and buy "pretty" shoes in a long time because nothing fits right anymore.  My day in Dillard's landed me in the shoe section and to my amazement I found 3 pair of shoes that were so cute and they FIT!!  Needless to say the bonus was all were on sale, and to top it off they shipped them to me for $9!  The customer service was excellent, except this one guy in the shoe section - he couldn't be bothered with our questions since someone else was in the back retrieving shoes we wanted to try on...oh well, not perfection on that part, but I'm certainly coming back when I'm in the area next time!
5	The store is HUGE and new, and attractive.  It's a good store, and I like it more than the Belk's and Macy's in the mall.  It's not crowded.  Maybe because it's on the back of the mall, farthest away from the main entrances (for cars and people), people just don't go to it.  It can be your personal Dillard's.
5	Very pleased with my shopping experience.  They have a beautiful facility, their store is neatly arranged and appealing, their shoe section has the cutest heels, and their handbag selection is phenomenal.
2	Which of the following chains of department stores have closed stores over the past few years while others have expanded on their own and/or through acquisitions?:A) BelkB) Kohl'sC) Macy'sD) Dillard'sIf you answered D, you are correct, but it's not really surprisng.  The other 3 chains have adapted well to the recession; Dillard's hasn't  This store opened when Northlake Mall opened in the fall of 2005.  It's typical of most other Dillard's, and that includes being in the cheapest anchor spot .  That means they don't offer a whole lot of sales or publish coupons.  And that means almost all of the time, if another department in the mall offers the same product, you will get it for a whole lot cheaper (I'm talking 50% most of the time).  They also often don't carry a whole of lot of stock, or are are out of it.  I've also noticed that they don't always treat their employees well.  There are several reason this company doesn't do well, and unless they change soon, they will be bought or go out of business.  I gave them an extra star simply because they sometimes have pants in my size and that's pretty rare.
3	I always seem to find what I'm looking for on my twice yearly clothes shopping excursions.  The selections at Dillards are pretty good and, if you time it right, you can find some great sales.  This trip brought racks and racks of mainly shorts and short sleeve shirts for 50% off the original sticker and then another 40% off the new price.  I loaded up for end of this summer and looking ahead to next!  Service is usually decent here as well with offers to start a dressing room for you when they catch you wandering around with clothes draped over your arm.Only exception to this good service was on a previous trip where I had tried on a lot of things in one section and had it all at that register to buy.  I then went to another section to try on some dress shirts.  Had a nice offer to measure my neck/length which I accepted but got a really snotty look and harrumph of attitude when I said I was taking the shirts to the register where I already had items.  So I have to inconvenience myself by checking out twice so you can get credit for a sale?  Riiiiggghhhtttt......
3	Dillard's is not usually my go-to destination. Heck, any department store is not usually my go-to destination. I don't like shopping at all if I can help it. This store, being so far out of my typical loop of travel makes it even worse.Keeping that in mind, the store is nice enough, and the staff is very pleasant - but you seem to have to hit it right, as Tom has mentioned. If you get those sales correct, then you'll be golden. If not, then you end up getting the same racks of clothes, but very different prices.And sometimes you'll even see clothes seemingly strung haphazardly all over the place - not pleasant at all.
