5	If you love True NY pizza this is the place.  It's not souped up with sauce.. it's cheesy goodness with a ton of choices to pick from.  Plus...they deliver.
3	Rosatis is from Chicago, not New York.  It's good but not great Chicago style square-cut pie.  Overall, if your in a hurry and see Rosatis it's a step above Papa John's or Domino's but definitely not in the same league as Settebello or Ciao Ciao.
4	This place is my new go-to for Italian beef now that they no longer serve it at Famous Uncle Al's. It's good, but not great, and purists will bemoan the underwhelming seasoning of the beef. But you can't beat the price, especially as part of the lunch combo, which adds fries and a soda for next to nothing. Even if giardiniera are extra this is still a great value. The ciabatta on which the sandwich is served is good enough, but the bread's not as important when it's soggy from gravy. Fortunately, the au jus that Rosati's includes is more than good enough to make up for the underseasoned beef.Combined with the giardiniera, this sandwich is filling enough that you don't even need the fries that come with the lunch special.
4	This is one of our favorite places for pizza & its so close to home!I love a deep dish pizza!! And Rosati's does it really well. Its not the cheapest pizza in town but 1 slice fills you up so you have plenty of leftovers..which reheat awesome!They also have very good customer service..love that!
5	Yep..we ordered pizza! And it sure was good. It usually is pretty amazing but this time the cheese tasted so fresh I had to give em 5 stars!One slice of the super thick Chicago & Im a happy mommy.Now we have leftovers..yum!
5	Delicious calzone & quick delivery!
4	It's all about the Italian Beef sandwich with pickled peppers and dipping sauce. If you forget the peppers and sauce, this sandwich just doesnt taste right. They have pretty good appetizers and main courses too. Chi-town style italian food for good eats. :)
4	Mmm! Pizza! We were looking for a good pizza place in Vegas on Yelp and came across Rosati's since it was nearby. We bought their Double Dough Pizza with Pepperoni and Mushrooms for pick up and it was ready in a flash. Opened the pizza box up when we got home and BAM! a very huge pizza with very huge crusts. The crust was super good. Actually the Double Dough Pizza literally felt like there were two pizza slices in one so I was full off of a slice. The tomato sauce was really light and there was lots of cheese. The prices were decent and the service was friendly. I was so full from one slice that I had a food coma after.
4	This place has great food. The deep dish pizza is awesome fresh veggies hand made and is all that you could hope for in a great pizza. The tomato and spinach cheese bread is freaking to die for also have had the fresh lasagna which was on point only reason this place does not have five stars is because of the pricing its just a little on the high side. They need to change the dollar symbol to two or three.
5	Never been to ChicagoI love Rosati's pizza because the sausage they have reminds me so much of the kind they had at a family-owned pizza place in my hometown - Pasadena. LOLTheir thin crust sausage pizza is great ... And I love that they remember me as a regular customer
5	I moved here from Chicago, and I will say, I am MORE than happy with Rosati's.  I have only ate the thin crust, and it was superb. Crispy crust, cut the way it should be (in squares) the cheese and toppings were perfect. We have had delivery both times we ordered, and it has been here in a timely manner and hot.  We have also tried beef sandwichs, the only thing I would say is a miss, is that the sweet peppers were actually sweet..like sugar had been sprinkled on them.  I prefer big pieces of green pepper that is cooked, and tastes like the pepper that goes on the pizza. Just my preference.  Giardinera was same as home..All and all, I would compare it to my beloved Bennys on 26th street in Beautiful downtown Berwyn.
5	Everything we've tried has been yummy! I always get delivery, and its always on time or early!
1	This place was awful. I was expecting the same quality pizza I had in Chicago, and was severely disappointed. The sauce was bland, and our extra thin and crispy was soggy.  We wound up tossing the pizza in the dumpster.
1	I really tried to like this place. Good pizza in Las Vegas is hard to come by and decent service where you get basic respect for paying for a pizza is even more rare in this town so I tried and tried. We have ordered from here around 10 times. The 1st time I ordered from this place I got the double dough crust and its great. Tried another time and they messed up and gave me the cracker thin crust instead which sucks, its not thin crust, it is literally a very crunchy super thin half burned cracker, a ritz is thicker and more buttery than this. So I just gave them the benefit of the doubt and let it go. Well, tonight it happened again and this time the woman has major attitude, gave me the 3rd degree about making sure my pizza is untouched for pick up when they bring out the correct order and said it will be over an hour since the driver has other deliveries. I WILL NEVER ORDER FROM THESE RUDE GHETTO PEOPLE AGAIN. Wake up Rosatti's, you are one of many choices in my zip code alone and your overpriced to boot. Good look and good riddance.
4	One thing I noticed about Rosati's pizza as opposed to my local pizzeria is they do not over-sauce the pizza.  For me, this is a good thing.  The pizza I ordered was hot and ready exactly to the minute of when they said it would be ready...I was impressed.  I got it home and dove in.  OMG...the thick crust was delicious and baked to perfection.  Not over cooked anywhere.  I can't wait to go back and try some of their other offerings.  The only thing in my mind preventing the from being a 5 star is the lack of a dining area.  My pizza was definitely a 5 star offering.
1	I've been eating pizza my whole life. I'm Italian from NY, and have spent time in Chicago. So I know what Chicago pizza is supposed to be.... Not this. Not at all. Anyone on here that thinks otherwise... Well, that's what opinions are for I suppose.
5	You know you love the place and eat it often when you can redeem the restaurant's free pizza deal for every 12 you order.  That's us.  This is the best pizza delivery in the Southwest part of Vegas.  Their thin crust pizza cut into squares is hands down one of the best thin crust pizzas in town.  Their delivery has always been quick and on-time, and last night it was still so hot that we burnt our mouths.  The sauce, cheese, and toppings are wonderful.  My husband is a mid-west Ohio boy raised on good thin crust pizza and he LOVES this place.  Without the solid delivery service I'm not sure we would order it so much, but you know the sayin, "If it ain't broke, don't fix it."
4	Stopped in here on the way home from work to pick up some pizza for dinner. When you walk in you instantly smell the delicious hot pizzas coming out of the ovens. Ordered 2 different pizzas and didn't wait too long. I was too hungry at the time of ordering to look over the menu for long but I'm not a big fan of thin crust normally however it was still good nonetheless. I'll have to brush up on the menu and I am sure I will be picking up pizza from here again in the future.
1	Forced to give 1 star. Ordered 2 pies. One had chicken, garlic, tomato and cheese. The other was a cheese and pepperoni. The crust was thin crust and tasted like cardboard. The pepperoni had Barely any sauce. Dominos has better pizza. Never again, back to grimaldi's
4	I was ono for Chicago style pizza so I found this restaurant on Yelp.  The person who took my order was very nice and most of all got my order and address correct.  The driver with a smile delivered my hot pizza in 30 minutes.  I'm not from Chicago and know only of the Bay Area Deep dish pizza places.   I found Rosati's pizza delicious and it surely satisfied my craving for Deep dish pizza.  I would recommend this restaurant and will order from there again when in town.
4	Good pizza
1	Pricey and not worth it. 12 wings and a 12" combo pizza set me back 35 bucks with tip. I'd totally be ok with the price if it was quality or unique. The pizza lacked toppings and the cheese used was government cheese. The wings were soggy and disguisting. The delivery guy forgot to bring Parmesan cheese and red pepper. Avoid this place at all costs.  Not worth it and not good.In my mind pizza needs to hold any 2 of the following 3 qualities:1.Taste good2. Unique3. Cheap It was none of the 3, that's why I'm giving it 1 star. Sadly fast food pizzas ( pizza hut, dominos, and even hot n ready lil caesars) are better than this crap.Ciao.
3	As a Chicago native, I know it's not really "Chicago style" but considering all of the bad pizza places here,  it is pretty good for Las Vegas. It was a little pricey and could have had more sauce but is still better than most.
5	We ordered las night from rosati's, and my everyone loved it.... It was better than Amore Taste of Chicago Pizza......AND I WAS BORN AND RAISED there for over 32 years!!!!!
2	Pretty damn dissapointed. I love thin crust pizza and some hot wings which is what I ordered at rosati's. Both the wings and pizza were overdone. The wings were dry as a bone and the pizza barely had any sauce at all.I would not recommend at all. If you want really good thin crust pizza do yourself a favor and go to Windy City Beefs N Pizza.
5	Try the Italian fried chicken...best IFC I have had in years.I purchased the 4 piece and it came with slaw, bread stick, wing/leg/thigh/breast and a pound of fries...packaged up nice in a VERY high quality to-go box.The flavor was perfect....the chicken was super moist and the outside was super crunchy.I know nothing about the pizza pie, but the chicken is unquestionable!
5	Chicago Deep Dish, Pepperoni with extra cheese. It is about ten pounds of pure Heaven. The owner of this one works the counter most of the time I've been there, very nice guy. AMAZING pizza!
1	Ordered their Antipasto salad and garlic knots. Antipasto salad should be renamed olive salad. As that was basically what was only on it and for the price it was a rip off. The garlic knots seemed like they were deeped fried and had no taste. You get a lot of them but tiny bit of sauce.   I would not recommend these items at all.
1	Last time I went there served me burnt pizza and they left a lot to be desired in regards to customer service. I would starve to death before eating at Rosati's again.
3	As always the 1st time is the best, 2nd and 3rd mediocre. I got the Pan Pizza which they are obviously known for. Chicago style. Tasted very very good with mushrooms and pepperoni. It's too much dough, so once or twice a year, it's nice to try something new.
3	My wife and I recently tried Rosatis a few weeks ago since we both have been wanting to try it for some times. We ordered the Chicago Style pizza.....it was fantastic! It is a pricey and a small will feed 2-3 people. I know I rated it onl 3 stars, I cannot give it more yet since I have tried anything else yet. I would strongly recommed this place for pizza!
4	We got in around 7 pm into Las  Vegas, everyone was hungry. We didn't want to go to a buffet. We wanted something simple, since we had a bunch of kids with us. When we checked in at the resort, they gave us a menu for Rosati's Pizza. It even had some family value coupons and they deliver. Spaghetti, Pizza & Wings it is then. The coupon "Family Pasta Special" ($25.99) was for (1) Family Spaghetti or Mostaccioli, (4) Bread Sticks, (6) Meatballs & a 2 litter soda. We chose the spaghetti w/ meat sauce. When they say "family" they mean big, large as in a full tray of spaghetti. That was not what I expected. And it was very very good. The bread stick was garlicky, also good. The meatballs were delicious. (A must order) Matched well with the spaghetti. Highly recommend this deal. Like I said, I didn't expect the special to be so much food, so I ordered more. Hawaiian Luau Pizza, Canadian Bacon & Pineapple. This was just okay for me. The kids loved it though. Buffalo Wings (24 pcs) Delicious. Fried to perfection. The sauce was not too vinegary (the way I like it) I could not stop eating them. Yummy!!Fettuccine Alfredo was also a hit. Pasta was cooked perfectly and the sauce was creamy without being too rich. Delicious Service was good. From the lady taking the order to the gentlemen who delivered it. Even got a courtesy phone call to tell me he was parking (it's hard to find parking where I'm staying) I appreciated that It was a very good Family dinner. Everything tasted delicious and getting a lot of food was a pleasant surprise. I'll definitely be back.
1	Wow. Didn't think there was a pizza I didn't like but this was awful!  Had the Hawaiian luau,  in a word...gross.  Cool when it arrived and quickly stuck to the cardboard box.  The sauce was terrible. Only picking of the bacon was good.  Chicken fingers was more batter than meat.Ranch fries were so greasy it was dripping in it.I won't go back.
4	Got the stuffed crust pizza for me and my kids. It was delivered fast, hot and fresh. My kids thoroughly enjoyed the pizza and 2 happy bellies equals 1 happy daddy. I will definitely order from them again. -1 star because I ordered pepperoni and only got cheese.
1	This pizza tastes good, only when it's cut into triangles ! When they chopIt in squares , it takes away from crust in every slice ! You have to specifically tell themTo cut your pizza in triangles if you want the fullFlavor!
2	So I called to order a pizza,  chicken and mushroom, light sauce since they didn't have a pesto sauce (which I thought they did) and when the lady said $19.90 at the end of the call, I almost called back to cancel.  When I got there, I said, "how come I can order a large pizza from Pizza hut with all the toppings I want and yours is DOUBLE the price?"  First she looked at me funny, like DUH, and then I pressed her more. Seriously explain it to me, help me understand. She babbled on about homemade, fresh, not frozen dough,  family business, blah blah.  She said she had worked at pizza hut and she guaranteed this was way better.  With the explanation she gave, I could understand $4-5 more, but not DOUBLE.  I said we'll see if its twice as good.  So I got home,  took the first bite,  ok, not bad, I could tell the cheese was different,  good.  Then I took a bite with chicken.  I had to put the slice down and pull a piece of chicken off to inspect it to see if it was really chicken because it was crunchy!  I pulled another piece off to see if it was deep fried chicken,  no.  It was just half inch chunks of chicken sooooo overcooked and dry that they were almost impossible to chew.  My pizza hut chicken is cut strips of chicken breast moist and meaty.  The mushrooms on Rosatis were smaller and more black shading, like not as white and fresh as pizza hut. And the crust was THIN and burnt around the edges,  not soft and fluffy like pizza hut. So if you like, thin, dry, overcooked, overrated, overpriced,  pizza with decent cheese buy Rosatis, if you want classic, gooey, soft, moist pizza for half the price, stick with pizza hut.  To be fair, everything else we've ever ordered from Rosatis is good, like pasta, ribs, shrimp, etc.   But they may want to rethink their pizza quality to justify twice the price.
5	Best pizza in Las Vegas! I have been searching for years for this type of pizza and I finally found it here about 6 years ago. Problem is I now eat a lot more pizza. Very tasty pizza! I always get the thin crust and it's always been great. I tried one of their other locations and it wasn't as good as this location. Thanks for the great pizza over the years Rosati's!
1	WHAT!! Worst meal I've ever had in Las Vegas. Bar none... I had the Chicago Style deep dish and it was all bread!!! There was no filling of toppings. What a joke. Only a jerk that wants to save money and get a quick bite would take his girlfriend here.
2	We ordered the family platter for appetizer and an XL cheese. The pizza tasted like bagel bites. The sauce had a pork after taste. It was pretty obvious that everything on the family platter was frozen but the onion rings were good. The service was nice and fast.
1	Just ordered delivery from here.  First and last time customers.  I should have known when the girl told me on the phone that the "pan" and "Chicago style" deep dish are the same.  Seriously? They are not.  So we ordered a small thin crust and a small deep dish/pan for a total of $32.   I have had better $5 pizza from a gas station, and I mean way better.  Thin crust = inedible cardboard. "Deep dish" was all dough, cheese on the top... Not any Chicago style I've had before.  Both had the same bland sauce, nothing memorable about the cheese, and the few and far between toppings were par at best.There's nothing positive I can say about this experience.
5	I eat here all the time. They have the best Italian beef sandwich dipped in au jus sauce in a way it reminds me of Chicago. I order delivery and it arrives hot and delicious. When I think of Rosatis Pizza I think of the best Italian beef in Las Vegas! You must go and try it for yourself believe me Rosatis is worth a try.
1	Taste like a microwave pizza I can get at walmart next door for under $5. Stiff cheese and dried pizza. And it was supposedly fresh out the oven. Spent way too much for this lack of pizza.
2	How can anyone give their pizza 5 Stars? Anyway, I ordered it for the first time. I had a thin crust and like one of the other Yelpers quoted.....The crust was like cardboard. The pizza wasn't horrid, but on the same quality of Papa Murphy's. I'm glad I didn't waste my time on a Chicago style pizza. Maybe the other food is good, but for pizza, I'm going back to Grimaldi's Pizza on Eastern.
4	Not as bad as people say.... pretty good pizza and their sauce is actually pretty delicious but if I had to pick Grimaldi is the way to go and near by....if delivery Rosati's my favorite!!!
4	My usual order is a thin crust large pep. They cut it in squares usually but you can request a standard pie cut. Now the pizza is pretty good if youre looking for thin crust. Tasty sauce. Friendly staff always. Delivery comes at a honest time. Which is good because ive had places tell me 30 min and they take a hour long. I really have no complaints about the place. But it doesnt get 5 stars because i just cant say its my favorite place. But it sure gets a strong 4!
4	I'm very picky when it comes to pizza, but one thing I will say it's their pizza is tasty, I ordered delivery to my hotel room and they were right on time. I had their  original crust pizza they were cut in squares no biggie, the pizza wasn't greasy their a little more expensive than crap like pizza hut but it was all worth it. You get what you pay for.
4	I've lived in this area for years, drove by Rosati's a million times, but until recently had never tried there. I'm a little disappointed in myself for not doing so sooner. I've become a really big fan of their pizza. I'm not a pizza snob in any way. I'll eat a grab-n-go Little Caesars, Papa Johns, shoot, gimme a Mama Celeste or Totino's and I'm good with that. That said, when you want a little better pizza, one that packs a little more punch on the palate, then Rosati's is a great option. Definitely not a chain restaurant pizza. Their sauce is delicious, they put a perfect amount of cheese, and most importantly the crust is outstanding. The only negative I would say is that they put the pepperoni under the cheese. Personally, I'm not a fan of that, I like it to crisp up on the outside. I made the request to have it on the outside on my most recent visit and they happily obliged. Their pizza is a little more costly compared to a Papa John's or Domino's, but they do have some pretty solid daily specials that I would reccomend. For $20 I got two medium two-topping pizza's which was enough pizza to feed 5 people and have a decent amount of left overs.Great pizza, super fast service, definitely give Rosati's a try!
