4	Good food. Sushi is all you can eat too but they have a limited variety. To go is very expensive though.
4	I must admit that I love this restaurant. I love the cheesy decor, the awful chinese music playing in the background, and how no one is ever there when we go. It really doesn't taste any different than other greasy chinese buffets, but this one doesn't make me curl up in a ball in pain later because my stomach can't handle all the MSG. I love the shrimp in the seafood mix, the crabmeat rangoon, and this crab/cheese casserole concoction they make. I would consider giving it 5 stars if they didn't try to take your plate away while you were still eating, and if they kept the buffet well stocked after 8pm. If you show up after 8pm you will be disappointed.
4	Stopped into this good-sized place for lunch today, with Mike C.  It's a little worn, but comfortable, & I counted up 81 regular food items.  All that I tried from the soup, salad, sushi, hot dishes, & dessert selections were good, & I particularly enjoyed these items:*  The Hot & Sour Soup!*  The Kim Chi!*  A tasty salad topping with broccoli, mushrooms, & more!*  The Seafood Salad!*  The Egg Foo Young!A good solid 4-Star place here!  Lunch Buffet $6.99, $6.29 Sr.
4	drove out to this buffet with Rand.H for lunch and we had a good one.They had about 70 items all of which were typical Chinese buffet items ,but they were all done good and were displayed well.There was a sushi bar and a good dessert selection.when we left i was thinking yes thats a pretty good buffet but it had not given me the WOW to get a 5 star review but a good place to eat.
1	flavorless, incipid, and oily.  Granted, it's a buffet, but give diners a little credit. please!
5	Better menu for dinner!
3	Nice little place.  The food is hot and tasty and there's a lot to choose from.  Service is good too.  Will eat here whenever I come to Casa Grande.
1	NASTYNESS! Never again, food was bland and COLD!!! Really? Over priced for cold flavorless food. YUCK!!!! Oh, and this palce was called Grace Buffet. New owners, new name, same crap food.
2	The price is ok. There is a wide variety of food but it is hit and miss. One visit it might be excellent, the next trip it is something you would not feed your dog. There is something wrong with their soda machine, the mix is wrong or something so it just tastes like carbonated syrup. When I go there I ask if they have it fixed, but they speak very little Engrish so have no idea what I am talking about. Finally I give up and just order water, which is apparently unfiltered, right out of the tap and has a stong sewage aftertaste. The last time I had their Hot and Sour soup (usually a favorite of mine in chinese restaurants) it also had that same aftertaste. I've eaten there 3 times now, but will probably not come back.
1	This place is death on a plate. The buffet served like warm food. The hibachi raw meats were warm and slimy. The manager just shrugged his shoulders and said ah well. I then puked in the parking lot. NASTIEST PLACE EVER!
4	= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =This nice Buffet has closed.  The good news is that this location has now reopened as "Grace Buffet."  I tried it & will post a review today.     :-)
