1	I hope you have a layover. You're going to need a big one. This place has average food, and a delivery time about the same as a PHX to LAX flight.I'm sure it's because they're new, but their legacy restaurant in Phoenix was open for 10 years before moving to the airport.
1	This could be a very bad start. 6 customers, 6 employees and 60 minutes to get your food. Good news is that we were eating AFTER arrival, if not...time to re-book that flight. SUPER SLOW!
2	Well...   First I want to say that I have experienced Cheuvront in downtown Phoenix many times and was a huge fan.  I loved the restaurant and everything about it.  The food was delicious, the wine list was amazing and the cheese selection was out of this world.   Not to mention the employees, who were knowledgeable and friendly on 100% of my visits.   Then, inexplicably, they decided to close the downtown location in favor it seems of this Sky Harbor location.  So they closed a real restaurant to later open in the airport as what I would now call a shadow of it's former self.  I am in Sky Harbor pretty frequently, as I travel relatively heavily for business purposes.   I had been awaiting the opening of Cheuvrant there for months.   Recently, three of us finally had the chance to stop there for some pre-departure adult beverages.  We also decided to eat.  What we found was that the menu was extremely limited, and although our prime rib sliders were quite good, the empanadas were not (they felt and tasted like they had been frozen previously) with hard and questionable pieces of what appeared to be meat inside them, and the cheese board was considerably overpriced for 3 small pieces of cheese, even by airport standards.   Overall, not pleased with the food.  The wine menu also disappointed.   There's a great bottle menu, but this is an airport!  How often are you going to sit down and have an entire bottle of $70 wine immediately before an encounter with the TSA?  I venture to say not very.   The by-the-glass menu was extremely limited and, in my mind, especially for a restaurant formerly known as "Cheuvront Restaurant & Wine Bar", completely inadequate.  In contrast to some of the other reviews, though, the service was prompt, food and beverage delivered quickly, and the bartender (we sat at the bar) was indeed knowledgeable and friendly.   This was really the only highlight of the visit.   As a former lover of the old Cheuvront, I was really, really disappointed, and will probably not go back to this location, especially since there is a Chelsea's Kitchen almost directly across the concourse.  Sorry Cheuvront, I really hate to be giving you a review this bad.  I was a huge fan of the downtown location and wish it had never closed.   If you ever open up another spot somewhere other than the airport, I'll give it a try, because I loved you that much before the airport......
1	Nice looking place at PHX, Terminal 4, but looks can be deceiving. Many menu items not available, and once we found one that was, they brought us the wrong item. They have a Mac N Cheese entree, that comes in three varieties.  Service wasn't all that either.
2	Service was slow and by the glass wine selection is lacking. Hopefully it improves with time.
5	Great pork sliders! Best tasting margaritas that I had to have 2! The bartender Jeffery makes great drinks and is very helpful with choosing foods.
5	Had a 3 hour layover when the flight was cancelled. Jeffrey, the bartender, made the experience very comfortable. Suggested the Fillet and Blue Salad which was fabulous. Wine suggestions were right on. Definitely my go-to restaurant when flying through Sky Harbor.
