5	I'm so glad they opened this bagel shop in this area, one more option for me on my way to work.Still has that new car smell, the employees here are very nice and the food is the same good food you come to expect from the Einstein bros. good sandwiches, good salads, good coffee and great bagels. I had to go for my favorite Nova Lox bagel sandwich: cold smoked salmon, plain schmear, tomato and red onion with capers. It was heaven as always, I'm sure ill be a regular at this place since they also have breakfast and many other healthy options... No more In N out or crisp burritos for a while,... is now bagel time!
1	Terrible experience. My girlfriend and I went here on a Sunday morning around 10:30 AM. After waiting for our food for 15 minutes, I went up to the counter to ask the cashier if our order was coming out soon. A minute later, the management calls my name in a very rude tone and shoves two small bagel bags into my hands (one of them covered in cream cheese and gunk). She did not have the decency to give me a larger bag with napkins or utensils.Upon arriving home, already upset, I realize that they messed up my order and gave me the completely wrong bagel. I love Einstein's bagels, but I will never be going back to this location. I suggest you avoid this location and make the drive over to Eastern and 215. They have a much larger seating area there and a much friendlier staff.
4	I love coming here for coffee and a bagel it's the perfect duo ... My favorite bagel is the Nova Lox :D I also love their honey almond cream cheese on honey whole wheat ... I go here at least twice a week since it opened ... its convenient and pretty cheap
1	I was so excited for this location to open only to be disappointed. My bagel was burnt, forgot the cucumbers on my sandwich, forgot my chips, put cream cheese on my bagel I planned to eat for breakfast tmrw when I asked for it on the side...really?! The drive-thru is convenient, but I would rather drive an extra 5 min to the rainbow location where they actually get you order right
3	Don't come here if you're in a rush, and make sure you check your food ;)
3	I like Einstein's bagels and their coffee. I just don't like waiting 10 minutes in a drive thru to get it. I ordered a breakfast sandwich on an asiago cheese bagel and their pumpkin spice iced latte. Both were great. I like that they even cut the bagel in half for you.
5	Yum yum got in there before it closed :)
4	They are very friendly and on a rainy cool Saturday morning, the wait wasn't long. They have a great community table where you can use the free wifi and use the 110V power strips to charge your devices.  The spinach grilled panini is 5 Stars!
5	A bagel shop is a bagel shop. No real review about the food. I think most of us know what we're getting when we go. The real review is customer service. I came in and ordered a breakfast sandwich and coffee. I was in no real rush since I had time to kill before an appointment. Unfortunately they hit the wrong button on the register so they had to remake my sandwich. No biggie. They came out with the correct sandwich while being extremely apologetic and gave me a coupon for a free sandwich the next time I came in. Btw: If you like sweet and savory then I suggest the cinnamon toast breakfast sandwich.
2	Opens at 6 am. Not busy and everything looked and smelled fresh.One morning we decided to just stay in and relax.  So, the morning called for a couple of bagels.  Everything Bagel, Cinnamon Raisin Bagel and Halla bagel.  I drove the few miles and walked in really early.  There was no one in line and I was immediately helped.  I made my order from one employee, paid another and received my bagel from yet another.  So, there was obviously some sort of miscommunication as they gave me a wrong bagel.  I know it's not the end of the world but I just wanted to bring it to attention.  So, that is why I gave it 2 stars.  I'm sure I'll be back sometime.
1	3rd time coming here, no customers at drive through, maybe 6 customers inside. Why do I still wait 15 min for a panini. Girl taking order couldn't understand order or could you even hear her. Everyone looked so busy, but not sure why since there's no one here. Comparing to the other stores with more customers, this place needs to re-traintheir staff.
2	This was my very first experience with this chain.. I was very disappointed.  I was with a friend that raved about how good it was so we stopped in. Mind you it was 530 am.. I asked for a sweet tea and tasted it. It was not sweet so I asked for another and yet again there was no sweetener in it.. my egg sandwich was mediocre. .. needless to say I won't go there again
4	I LOVE that there is a drive-through at this location, although at 8:30am, I waited for what seemed like forever.  In reality though, it took about 20 minutes total, which I think is ridiculous for a drive through!  I got my normal fatty breakfast bagel sandwich, which consists of egg, cheese, turkey sausage, and cream cheese on an asiago bagel.  YUMMM....Also, Einsteins has pretty solid coffee.  $9 later, I was full and properly caffeneited and ready for the day!
5	Older gentleman working in the back was so sweet and patient with me this morning. He saw me standing there looking lost and dropped what he was doing in the back to make me feel welcomed. Thank you, I wish I caught your name
5	I come here a couple times a month since it opened. The drive through is great. For those complaining about wait times, do you also expect to get through a Starbucks drive through quickly during breakfast time?! My order is always accurate and I've always experienced friendly staff. It's a chain bagel shop, folks. $4 for a good bagel and very good coffee so I don't know why the negative reviews are expecting world class experiences.
1	This location is terrible. Poor management, slow service and young kids working that don't have a clue about customer service. Whoever hired the people here is to blame. Never coming back. Also, when your buying overpriced bagels, you shouldn't have to wait 10 minutes in line when there is nobody in the drivethru.
1	It is really sad that my first review on yelp has to be negative. First off I was excited that they opened this facility.  It makes it easier since it is on my way to work.  I decided on a Friday I was craving the lox bagel and a coffee. To my excitement it was done in an orderly fashion. When I got to work I couldn't wait to dig into my lox bagel and to mu disappointment there was barely any cream cheese. They slathered it just in the middle, barely.  I couldn't even taste the cream cheese.  That is how little they putm  Okay fine I thought it was a fluke and decided to go again on that following Monday.  It took 15 minutes just for me to get the order. I went through the drive thru to save time but I guess not. If you want to wait a long time then go to the drive thru.  Then the guy who took my money didn't even bother to say anything to me just took the money and didn't even bother to acknowledge at least that I was there.     I ordered a cafe mocha hot.  I mean I am paying almost $5.00 for this coffee so it better be good right?  I would of let the long wait slide just as long as my coffee would of tasted good.  I was already running late since it took longer than expected to get my drink.  So I went to drink my coffee when I was at work again I was disappointed to find that the drink I ordered was so strong it didn't even taste good.  It was supposed to be sweet like I specifically asked for it to be.  So I had to get some Splenda just to make it taste good.  Again another disappointment when I opened the cup it was only filled halfway through. I mean really?  I pay this amount of money for half full coffee?!  I will now go to McDonald's or Starbucks down the street for drinks or food.  I mean horrible experience that I tell people who live close to me to just take the extra trip to the one on Rainbow.   I will never go there again.  Seriously you guys need to get your act together.
2	While I find they have great beagles, einstein follow the sad tradition of overly priced food like starbuck .  $5 for breakfast sandwiches. $2 milk $. 4 orange juice .  Once u leave Einstein , your breakfast cost more than your lunch. You're better of eating a traditional breakfast at a restaurant and that would cost you less. Ain't this the sad truth.
4	Although I do admit that Einstein's is a bit overpriced for bagels....  I always enjoy this place! My go to items are; a whole wheat bagel with honey almond smear, or a garlic bagel with reduced fat cream cheese and lox, or a applewood bacon with egg breakfast sandwich on a garlic bagel.I LOVE iced coffee, but I hate to say that I am not a big fan of Einstein's iced coffee, it just doesn't do it for me! Although I do enjoy their hot coffee selection and always choose the vanilla hazelnut!The only frustration I can speak of with Einstein's is I HATE when they are out of the bagels I want! :P
2	If you are looking for a quick morning food to go don't bother. I've been Waitin in drive thru for about 10mins now. Should have gone next door :(  oh well. Their salmon nova lox is good, that's all.
4	Exactly what I expected. Nothing fancy, but good bagels and coffee for a fast food place.
4	Going inside is actually much faster than the drive thru. Also please if you have a larger than 2 individual orders please go inside... It helps keep the line moving
2	Not a single clean table in the whole place, even though an employee was lounging at one of said dirty tables.
5	Great place with some really great employees.  I visit this location all the time, and they know my order and my name!  I will continue to visit this place on a weekly basis!
5	Went through the drive through for coffee yesterday 7/22 around 10 AM the girl who took my order was awesome!  Full of energy and had a great sense of humor. She didn't have a name tag on but if she is not a manager she needs to be. People such as that employee are what drive people in. I will be back to this location for the good service alone.
1	Terrible service!  I ordered three bagels, two were wrong. Ordered an iced coffee with cream,  it was ALL cream and sugar. Disgusting. I called and they asked me to bring al the food back in and they could remake it...no. They weren't even nice about it.
2	Don't go to this location. My husband and I have given them many chances and they never get it quite right. The bagels are either not toasted enough and cold, TOO toasted to the point of being burnt, and/or not correct because they don't listen to what you want. I don't know if it's from laziness, not caring, or lack of training and communication but whatever it may be- the Blue Diamond location has lost us as customers. The South Rainbow location is far superior and we will be going to that one from now on.
5	Had breakfast here this morning. Customer service was super fast & friendly. Great choices of bagels and spreads. Their hazelnut coffee is now my favorite. This place gives Starbucks a run for their money. Shift mgr made the rounds to check on customers at tables, very impressive!
2	I am a loyal Einsteins customer so it pains me to leave a negative review but this is literally the worst location. The food is still up to par every time I've been but the customer service is awful and unprofessional it also feels a little dirtier and less kept them most locations. It wasn't all bad there was one employee who almost seemed embarrassed for the rest. I still love Einsteins  but will not be coming to this one again. Very unfortunate.
3	Slowest drive thru on the planet!!! Learn how to multitask. How long can it possibly take to make a coffee and toast a bagel. 7 minute wait just to order with one car in front of you.  I guess they can only handle one person and one item at a time. No apology and no thank you. Go to McDonald's!
3	The food at this Einstein's location was delicious (as always with Einstein's). I also thought the price was fair. The service was okay. The man at the "order" register was very pleasant and friendly. They were having an issue with a customer at the "pay" register, which caused a very large back-up in the line. Several customers in line were complaining, but the guy who was taking orders calmly told the growing crowd to be patient. It was kind of frustrating they didn't open a second register. There I was standing in line with my basket of bagels getting all cold, but we couldn't sit down to eat because we still had to pay :/ They also completely forgot to bring out my husband's order... he had to walk up to the counter and remind them (we were halfway done with our bagels). So that was all a huge disappointment. It was clean & had a nice atmosphere inside.
2	A mess... I wanted to give them one star but I was torn and decided to be nice. After 4 visits and having the same experience I'll say these employees are a complete mess. I don't think I've ever been here and haven't sat at the register without being acknowledged for five minutes! BOTH registers, the one where you order and then pay. I'm here on a Sunday with what looks to be about 5 to 6 employees and they are all screwing up, loud, and lost. How??? There are more than enough of you to have it together. As in typing this someone walked up with a messed up order. Bagels 3 times out of 4 were over cooked and hard. I won't be coming back to this location.
1	Monday morning at 9:30am and they were way understaffed, unorganized and the place was a mess. They had a small bagel selection left, the coffee is way watered down. I'm glad I got an OJ, that was actually good. I never thought you could mess up a bagel and cream cheese, which I ordered thinking it wouldn't overwhelm them... I stand corrected my bagel was mushy and cold with cream cheese. I do not plan on ever coming back to this location.
