4	This is my favorite Starbucks in the area. Even though they don't have a drive-thru, they are usually very quick and clean. The most important thing to me however, is the staff . Every time I've been there they have all been very personable and pleasant. No bad service, no rude workers and no endlessly long lines. This has been my experience over the last year, so I go back.  :-)
3	was just ok.
5	Stopped in to pick up a gift card for my sister. Noticed I had a previous receipt with the survey I had taken that provided me with a free tall drink of my choice. The girl wasn't sure if I could use it at this location since my original receipt was from the one inside of Vons. The manager told her not to worry about it and asked me what size drink I wanted. I of course asked for the biggest one and they didn't  hesitate to give me a trenta. Sometimes I feel awkward using coupons to get free stuff as if people are like "oh he must be poor" but times like these put a smile on my face. Crazy good service, Manager and cashier were both awesome. Definitely would come back. (Even if I don't have a coupon haha.
5	My favorite Starbucks, although there are locations closer to where I live. Staff has always been very friendly. Easy parking, easy to drive in/out of (sits on busy Warm Springs Rd., but also sits on Julia St., a quiet side street with its own traffic light). Never gets so busy there isn't anywhere to sit. About 9-10 tables inside with two dozen chairs, 3 tables outside with six chairs total. No drive thru, but baristas are fast and friendly and parking is easy, so not really inconvenient. Not too many electrical outlets, but I've never had a problem finding one (I usually visit between 11 am and 5 pm weekdays and weekends).
1	Boo. I was just served the worst chai of my whole life. This sbux is usually reliable, but my chai has an aftertaste of something chemical. Almost as if I were drinking something that tasted like the smell of plastic. Ew. What kills me the most is that I used my gold card free coupon on it! Boo!
2	People don't often review chains unless they've had a particularly great or bad experience. I'm sorry to report that this is one of the bad ones. I was hoping to try the pumpkin spice latte today, but whatever I got did not have pumpkin flavor in it. My friend, who has tried that flavor, concurred after taking a sip. I didn't find much wrong with what I did get, but the glaring omission of pumpkin is a huge minus considering that it's a seasonal special. Sorry, guys.
3	Typical Starbucks layout. Nice employees. Very few outlets if you need to charge your phone or outlets.
4	I love Starbucks' iced coffee (black) and this location did not disappoint.Once again, I encountered friendly staff and a short wait time.What else can you ask for?
1	This is by far the WORST Starbucks I've ever been to! The people that work here are very unprofessional and are always gossiping loudly to one another. Once I saw a few of them get into a heated argument while behind the counter where the whole store could hear! The quality of drinks is also very poor. They taste different from the Starbucks "norm" and I have to tweak my orders all the time to get them to taste decent. They also screw up a lot on making drinks and are VERY SLOW on getting orders done. There have been many times when I have had to have my drink remade because it tasted horrible or was missing an ingredient. :(The only reason I have so many check ins here is because I literally live right around the corner from it. I keep giving them chances but I'm done with this location for good.
5	This was one of the best, most friendly Starbucks I have been to. I'm attending a conference across the street so I have been in twice. The Marks location had a line of 32 cars for drive through on both occasions, so I went to the walk-in on Warm Springs. The gal working the register was so sweet.  The first day she offered to help me while browsing. The second day she complimented my wallet and we had a nice conversation.  The barista was so friendly, engaging with the customers waiting, I.e. "Megan's is up next, Ron you are on deck." I thought it was a clever way to keep the line in the know about their wait time. Quality of coffee was same as any other Starbucks.  Had an iced Skinny Carmel Mach one day and a Hot Vanilla Latte the next day.
4	You know how every one claims "their" Starbucks. Well, this one is "mine." Parking is not the greatest, but the service is always on point. The store is clean and there are plenty of "nooks" you can use to study, chat, or read. This one does not have a drive through, and I'm ok with that because I prefer to walk in and see what all is available and new on the expansive drink menu.
4	I have been coming to this location since it opened years ago and the only thing I can really complain about is the green tea latte.  Most times it's good but twice I have gotten it with the Matcha powder clumped in the bottom and clogging the straw. Not much grosser than drinking your tea and getting clumps of powder ever few seconds. Other than that, they are quick and its always clean.
4	I found my new Starbucks who's staff aren't too busy to muster up a smile. Though there is one much closer to my place (on Stephanie) I'd rather drive to this one for one reason alone! The atmosphere here seems so much more inviting. I love how there are plenty of seats. Being that it was on a busy street made me think that maybe this place would be packed! To my surprise it isn't. So yay to my new Starbucks location.
1	Walked out today. Cashier was more interested in flirting with the guy in front of me than all the other customers.   Everyone on today were more wanting to talk than work.   Complete waste of time to got there today.
1	Walked out. So slow. I have no idea why there is a line out the door with 5 people behind the counter. Oh I see, they prefer to socialize with one another than take care of their customers. Way to prioritize: SMH.
5	Great Starbucks!  This Starbucks was across the street from the hotel I was staying in.  Staff was quick and friendly.  The seating area was large and clean.
2	I work right next to this location and frequent it in the mornings. It seems the baristas are only nice to certain people, I never have a friendly one. I asked for a specific drink that I've ordered before in Cali and other SB's in LV and the Barista looked at me like I was speaking another language, then she said "maybe they make that in the Philippines but we don't know it" UGH I was offended, what kind of remark is that? I am never going to this location, I will drive farther to find a better SB. BTW I was really offended by her racial comment.
1	That fact that I have to even give them one star.... I have gone here multiple times because I was in the area and wanted to give it another chance and they have NEVER gotten my order right, above that they always take FOREVER. You would think they should have 4+ employees for the morning but nope. They only have 2-3 and only 1 out of those 3 is a barista.
4	Needless to say, I love Starbucks drinks. I like this location because of the friendly service. Try the Soy Latte with a pump of Mocha and a half pump of Peppermint - it's not just a winter drink :)The only downfall is that they don't have a drive-thru :/
1	Four employees working, I ordered one breakfast sandwich.... I watched as the four people behind me ( there was no one in line when i had ordered) all received their drinks and made comments to me about how they were receiving their items before me. I'm not one to complain about service, so I waited as two other people received their drinks. When I'm normally at a Starbucks, or anywhere for that matter, if an employee notices a costumer standing and wait if they normally ask, "what was it you ordered?" Instead I had to get the ladies attention, all of whom acted way too busy to acknowledge me and made ME feel rude to have asked them.I go to school right across the street from this Starbucks and seeing how much business we give this location it's saddening to hear all of the bad remarks! I've see girls come back with free travel mugs because they had to complain to the manager. I've never seen such a consistently horrible Starbucks!  Save the trouble and go to Marks street
4	Starbucks is a favorite. I was surprised at first to see this one so empty. But after spending an hour here it became apparent. I saw several people complain or have some small issue with their drinks.  And the baristas weren't very speedy.Nice people though. I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt however because they were nice to me :-).Location has plenty of seating although SEVERELY lacking on power outlets or places to plug in. Good place to come and grab a drink to go, but if you need power to work or charge up this isn't the place for you.On a positive note there is a nice secluded seating area in the back, elevated with stools.
2	Two for how fast they were. Took away one star for customer experience. Didn't feel welcomed coming into this location. Each of the employees seem confused on what to do. Took away two stars for taste. I get an iced caffe mocha every day and this was by far the most disgusting one I've ever tasted. It was a dark dark dark brown with almost no ice and tasted like no milk. Tasted like it could of been a cleaning solution. Yuck. I will stick to my other location.
5	I have been to a lot of Starbucks locations here in town as well as my wife has to but this location stands out pretty well as far as service goes they remember our names and our drinks almost every time the wait time isn't that bad considering how busy they are! Great job !
3	I visit a couple different Starbucks, this 1 is close to my work, so I'm here about twice a wk, if not more. My fav drink is a caramel frap, extra caramel, no whip. They RARELY get the extra caramel right. I had vowed not to come back but I changed my drink due to cutting carbs & sugar in my diet. They get my other drinks right. Customer service is decent & I've noticed the people they recognize get a ill extra attention.
5	These baristas are amazing. Fast, friendly & clean. What else could you want? They do close early, though @730pm AS POSTED AT THE FRONT DOOR, for the commenters that complained otherwise. This store has more of a neighborhood feel than the other stores nearby.
