2	The service is not that amazing, it's almost as if they don't care to have a business. I've dealt with them for large orders and while meeting the deadlines they request, it's never enough. They usually don't have your requested kegs and will tell you to order earlier (which by experience still does not help). The saving grace is likely for individual sales. From the times I've had go to the store to pick up our "deliveries" (ie. nearly every time), it looked like they had a decent selection from the wall for cases...but who knows if they actually carry the selection.
5	For variety it's one of the best around.  Small, but will usually have beers that not many other distributors carry.  Can't say I've ever had a problem with customer service either.  It's my first choice when I need a case, and always seem to have my preferred seasonals when I ask for them.
4	Come here instead of D's if you need to buy cases of beer. They're cheaper than D's and everything is easy to find. Thanks to the peeps at D's for the referral.
3	I like McBroom's for their selection but the prices are higher than I am used to paying for beer that can be found at most other distributos. The stuff you can't find anywhere else in Pittsburgh makes sense to have a price hike but the few times I've tried to get cheap/party beer it is always 2-4 dollars more per case than anywhere else.I am pretty sure they are owned by the same people as D's Six Pax so I find it funny that a lot of other reviews claim to find it "sweet" that the D's servers sent them here for cases. McBroom's selection is worth the prices, but the staff usually give the bare minimum of help and sometimes don't acknowledge that they have customers in the store. If you are in the area or looking for something special they are great, but I wouldn't go out of my way for this place on a regular basis.
4	Still getting used to the whole "buying a case of beer at a time" thing here in PA, but this store always has what I come in looking for (usually ciders).  It looks a little bit like a warehouse but that's what you get when there are cases of beer everywhere. The staff is very friendly and always offer to help carry your purchases out.  Prices are ok, too.
2	Cons:* Very cramped space, aisles are so narrow that you have to carry your case sideways.* Only a few items were priced with signs hanging above them.* No shopping carts.Pros:* Decent selection* Chilled section
3	Great selection that you won't find elsewhere.  Especially brands I haven't seen before.  It is a bit cramped in here, watch your step, I about fell/tripped a dozen times in here.There is a cooler if you were looking to take something out and start drinking right away.  And the staff are helpful if you need the help.  Most times people walk in with what they want in their mind already, so they sometimes look bored.The negatives of this place, parking is horrible.  Especially on that stretch of South Braddock.  Stay away during the evening rush.  Everyone seems to be trying to get out of the city and think that taking this route to bypass the tunnels will alleviate their time.  Also, the prices seem a bit outrageous on certain items.  Might be better off going elsewhere if you are looking for the more exotic.  But for this area, you would think that with another distributor less than a mile away, prices would be better.
