2	This place is the ultimate two star. If you have a craving for a cheap gyro downtown at night in Pittsburgh, this is the place to go. Unfortunately, Mike & Tony's closes by 6pm. You won't get good service, you will get frozen french fries tossed in the deep fryer served in disappointingly small portions. You will have to scrounge around for a bottle of ketchup and hot sauce. However, the gyro meat is freshly cut off the spit, and the over-stuffed sandwich is a good deal at $4.30. Overall, there aren't that many cheap places open at night downtown, so go here if you're stranded and can't stand the thought of another Sammy's corned beef sandwich. Otherwise, hold out for one of downtown's great lunch spots.
5	I can't believe this place got a bad rating!!! Sure, it's not a 5-star restaurant, but you can't beat the price or the food!!!Why would you order french fries at a Greek restaurant? I want everyone to disregard the previous bad rating about this place. I live about a block away from Salonika's, and I absolutely love it. The first time I went in, I noticed that it was rockin while every restaurant nearby was empty. Very good sign, trust me!!Sure, there are no waiters. You order at the front counter and linger around until your food is ready, but I've never had to wait more than a few minutes. The food is absolutely amazing!!! And cheap!!! My boyfriend loves the chicken with pasta, which is exactly what it says it is: pasta with chunks of chicken. It is lightly seasoned, but no heavy sauces. And it's amazingly filling. I always get the Greek salad or the pastitsio. The greek salad comes loaded with onions, feta, olives, and jalapeno peppers that are marinated in some kind of garlic marinade. And there is always enough dressing!!! Homemade dressing at that. The pastitsio is definitely an acquired taste. It's like a greek lasagne, but without cheese. It consists of a large layer of very spiced beef, then layers of noodles and a cream sauce. I bring a lot of friends to Salonika's when they trek downtown to hang-out with me, and EVERY SINGLE PERSON I have introduced to this place absolutely LOVES IT!!! I usually make them get a gyro, and I can't tell you how many of my friends will go back up for another one because they are so good. The gyro meat is fresh, in fact they carve it right there. There is also a bar in the back of the restaurant. I kind of wish it wasn't there because it attracts some "unsavories" and takes away from the atmosphere in the restaurant. But you can't win them all.Keep in mind that this is a cash-only establishment, so hit the ATM on the way. You will not be disappointed with this place. This place is really a gem!!!
4	I am surprised by the low ratings. I have eaten here on the go several times and really enjoyed the gyros. My vegan friend got the falafel and was impressed as well. Granted, we were starving, but I think it was above average. Ambiance is certainly not their forte--but that didn't matter to us. We grabbed our piping hot sandwiches and hoofed it outside just in time to catch Skyblast over PNC Park. A clear night, fresh gyros and fireworks reflecting off the buildings and river--pretty nice.
4	I use to work on the North Shore and walked  over here for lunch regularly.  I like the gyro salad, hummus and stuffed peppers.  The food is made fresh every day by the owner.  Nothing is frozen.  My wife and I always eat here on Light Up Night and before shows in the theater district.  It's always busy, and the staff has always been generous and friendly.  One of my favorite small-eats places in the city.
3	Salonika is a popular place judging by the crowds they get in here.  The ambiance here isn't the greatest so it's definitely a place to get takeout chow.  The basic menu here won't surprise you any.  It's your basic gyros, sandwiches, salads, hoagies, paninis, etc.  I went for the chicken gyro and it was pretty tasty. They've got a few specialties here including youvetsi and mousaka.  They've got your basic sides too, but if I ever get back here I'm gonna try the lemon potatoes.  So it pretty much looks like an old reliable type of place and I'll bet most of the people I saw were regulars.
3	Decent gyros, but it is kind of a dive in the middle of Pittsburgh.
2	You get what you pay for. Cheap gyro combo = cheap tasting meal. When stepping into the restaurant the first thing I noticed were glass cases storing food. It had the feel of a cafeteria or at best a deli at a gas station convenient store. Not feeling adventurous I got the gyro meal, which is a good deal. The fries were cooked to perfection, but lacked flavor. I had to dump salt on them, which is never a good thing unless you as for unsalted fries. The gyro itself was mediocre. The ingredients inside were fresh and made to order, but I did have to use a knife and fork to eat it as the pita was just a bit too small of the large mass of the contents. The slice of chocolate cake, while a descent size, was rather tasteless. The icing was pretty good, but the cake itself had almost no flavor, perhaps freezer burn. It did seem as if the cake had been frozen. I also felt like the harried girl taking orders behind the counter was overworked. She apparently had no time to take a wet cloth the the tables. I kind of felt bad for her. Overall, I'd go here if I worked a block away and only had a half hour lunch break. Quick and cheap as a fast food joint, but not delicious enough as a dinner.
3	I would never get another gyro from Salonika's the meat on my gyros are always cold...however I do enjoy thier bar, I go to salonika's 3 nights a week for an after work drink.  The staff is very friendly and they keep the place clean.
3	Fairly decent gyro for the price. The other reviewers are spot on with the pita being too small...I appreciate the amount of meat and filling, but it was impossible to eat by hand. Tzatiki sauce was tasty and the added onions and peppers were a nice touch. Nothing mind blowing but it hit the spot when I stopped for a quick snack.Did not investigate the bathroom here.
4	We stopped in here for a very late night dinner after our flight into Pittsburgh from Charlotte. We were staying just up the street at the Pittsburgh Renaissance Hotel. It was after 10:00 pm and you could not get a bite to eat in the hotel.So we walked down the street - most places were already closed, and a couple of places that were open that had bars - were no longer serving food.Fortunately we found Salonika Gyros! We both ordered a traditional Gyro, and they were prepared fresh and hot on the spot.We knew we must have a good place - as 3 of Pittsburgh's finest from their police department were taking a dinner break and eating in here as well.The Gyro was damn tasty! The meat was succulent and perfectly cooked with a slight char to it, and the yogurt sauce was just the right compliment to the Gyro!Salonika is not much to look at - it's your local working man's food joint in a traditional northern blue collar city! Which means it's great ambiance! Appreciate it for what it is!I'd definitely come back here for more Gyros and to try other stuff!
3	my falafel was ok, but my brother kabob was really good. great location. reasonable price
4	I have eaten at Salonikas on 6th St. over a dozen times over the past three years.  I would eat here more often if it was more convenient.  To me, the gyro here is the best in Pittsburgh.  Better than ANY other.  Until someone can point me at a Gyro place that makes them like they do in some of the larger cities in the U.S., or like in Greece or Turkey, where they hand make the meat on a spit, it is lamb sliced thin, and placed in layers on a skewer, then slow roasted, and sliced and served while you watch, then Salonikas will remain the best.  Seriously, every single Gyro place around here just buys that big round slab of processed meat, and puts it on a spinner. Folks that say "Oh it is seasoned so perfectly at XXXX" are nuts.  No place around here makes their own lamb gyro meat. If you know of one, put it down, I want to go there.I like Salonikas because I like the pita, it is nice and thick and chewy, and they fry it on the flat top.  Places that don't heat the pita (like that place on the Strip that sells Gyros for $5 and he don't even heat the pita?!?!) They STINK!  I like the tszaziki (however you spell it).  It is nice and thick and well seasoned.  It does not go running down your arm when you take a big honking bite of your gyro.  I like the meat, it is seasoned so perfectly!  (!?!?!) Actually, they cook it long enough to make it a bit crusty, and they slice it nice and thin.  And they put on a LOT of it.  And all the veg is just right.  I wish they used hotter onions, but oh well.And best of all, they have a bar, that is VERY fairly priced.  Especially considering it is located so near the theatre district.  I also absolutely like all the other stuff they have, the spanakopata, and the moussaka, and the grape leaves.  Pretty much anything they sell.And keep this in mind, this place is inexpensive.  I mean seriously, the negative reviews this place gets all seem to say "the prices are cheap, and tastes it".  Well, bull.  The food is inexpensive, and what you get for what they charge, is way above what you expect.  Like, instead of ground lamb in some dishes, you get ground beef.  Still tastes good to me.  Not as great as it would be with ground lamb, but it keeps the price down, and it still tastes good.My favorite time to eat here?  New Years eve, or Pittsburgh Light Up Night.  I have been here every one of those the past three years, they are packed, you get to have a gyro and a beer.  It is just a nice fun time.  And considering how busy they are, the staff are all way happier that at some of those pinky-in-the-air joiunts in the theatre district.Oh, and the customers are all friendly.  Nice mix of blue collar and cops and folks getting a bite before or after some event in the cultural district.  I REALLLY like this place.  Now, next reviewer who throws down some ignorant review about how some other gyro is better, first, is it a REAL gyro, made with REAL thin sliced lamb, slow cooked on a spit and sliced off fresh and juicy, then PLEASE put the name of the place in your review.  I have tried EVERY gyro spot in the city, and quite a few outside it.  And I am STILL looking for a REAL gyro made like that.  Until then, this place is the best for me.
4	Salonika's is like a best friend. All ways there when I need it. There have been many a long and stressful work day that has been turned around by the great service and attentiveness of the staff. The night staff is always quick with a smile and conversation, which goes a long way for me,  since I'm usually alone which can be awkward.  The lunch service can be a bit hit or miss probably because it gets really really busy during lunch , but their late night service is much better.  I go to Salonika's no less then 3 nights a week.  The bartenders are super friendly I even consider Brain the night bartender a friend. There are other upscale places to eat and drink in the vicinity but if cheap eats and drinks  and friendless is what you're looking for you can't go wrong with Salonikas.Also please be aware they are now serving Mimosas!  Which are super yummy and served in a martini glass with a twist of orange!
4	I go here almost weekly. You can get a huge grilled chicken salad with bread and tzatiki for $6.25. Absolutely worth it for the money.
2	The food can be somewhat disappointing but will sometimes do in a pinch.  The service is quick and the prices are reasonable for Downtown.  They are open late hours, so sometimes that can be handy.  There are better places for Greek food, but Salonika's is often close by.
4	I like Salonika's.  I've been here a few times over the last couple months, and the food is consistently good.Some of the winning dishes are the baked chicken, chicken gyros, and definitely the lemon potatoes.  The salmon in pastry shell is also very good.The staff is rushed but efficient.  Given how busy they can be, they get you in and out.Even when other lunch places are empty, you'll still find a restaurant full at Salonika's.  Part of it is the prices, which are reasonable. Part of it is that the food is mostly ready to serve, so it's fast.But overall, the quality of the food is what keeps bringing me back, anyways.
4	pretty good gyro cooked on rotisserie as it should be they told me it is 75/25 % lamb/beef. they have a combo special with fried they let me substitute lemon potatoes, which were quite good.. reasonable prices.
4	I like their gyro salad. It tastes very good with the pita bread. Good portion. I don't get hungry later afternoon.
4	Went here before the regatta yesterday, was my third time here...consistently great, best gyros around!! Thanks.
4	Great food, fast service and the price is right. Perfect stop for a quick lunch in the downtown area.
5	This place has one of the best Gyro's around..... They are cheap and Delicious......  The only thing I wish was that they took credit/debit cards.  If you want something that is fast and well worth the money I would recommend this place..... I have come downtown just to eat here. LOVE LOVE LOVE the GYROS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I love this place. I eat here anytime I go downtown for anything. Always get the Gyro with extra meat and sauce. So amazing. YUM!
3	Pros: Super fast, very affordable (I'm from out of town, so maybe it's not as affordable by Pittsburgh standards). Good-sized portions. Grape leaves were excellent. I had the meatless version. Rice pudding was quite good too.Cons: It's pretty low-frills. Some of the food is a bit greasy.
5	I love this place. Gyros, spinach pie, fries and hummus. Way better than any other gyro place in Pittsburgh.
2	I was running out of time today at lunch and needed somewhere to grab lunch. On a positive note, i seen the Google street view car downtown :)Anyways, my gyro just wasnt that good. It seemed smaller than any other gyro in town, the fries were just frozen potatoes with no flavor and it just wasn't a very awesome experience.Also, almost $9 for a small gyro, frozen fries & a small drink is not a "deal". M&Ts is $7.50- same fries of course  but a large, delicious gyro.  I dunno, I've heard great things about this place but i'll stick with my regular oll Zorba's for downtown or M&Ts afterhours.
5	Love this place always come for the gyro made the traditional way.  Small cafe very clean.  If you wanted to watch a game they have a 55 inch flat screen.  Always busy the Line literally out the door.  Not pricey in the 3-12 range
1	I have been here several times in the last year. The food is average...kind of fast-food-like. It sits in the warmer cases, and looks "crusty". The gyros are average, not as good as the ones at the South Side gyro restaurant, by any means.  The salads are from a bag of pre-chopped lettuce, and not "fresh" or interesting. But in order to enjoy the average food, you have to get past the really rude food wait staff.  The bartenders seem to be OK, the clientele in the bar seem to be regulars, and it is a "cheap drink" attraction to some downtown locals. The staff that serves the food, and takes the orders are out of this world rude. There is one that wins the prize for insulting the customers, and after having endured her, I will never, ever return. Owners should know how they are being represented at the front register. The man that cooks and plates the food is oblivious, or just is used to hearing her speak to people with such a lack of respect, that he is just deaf to it. Go somewhere else. It is cheap food, and you get what you pay for. I would pay twice as much, to feel like the staff gave a crap that I was there supporting their jobs.
3	We were in the mood for gyros and decided to try a place we had never been to. The restaurant has been there for years but we normally go to Mike & Tony's for gyros. We both ordered the Gyro Special for $8.88. You get a gyro, fries, and a drink. The portions were smaller than we normally get at other gyro places. The fries could have been cooked a minute or two longer. We had to add salt. The pita on the gyro was small and soft. I was worried it was going to tear or break but it didn't. The gyro meat was okay but not as flavorful as other places I've eaten. The sauce didn't hold much flavor either and was a little watery. Though I wasn't impressed, nor would I go back for the gyros, I would go back to try some of the other items on their menu. They had a baked Greek chicken with lemon potatoes that seemed to be selling more than the gyros were. I think I need to take a group there and have everyone order something different so we could try more of their menu.
