5	Highly recommended!! The mechanics are extremely knowledgable and actually care about their customers. They took the time to clearly explain what was needed for my car and the price for the repair was very reasonable. You will not be sorry taking your car here.
5	Completely trustworthy shop.  Excellent mechanics.  They have fixed our car twice and we have never had such great service from any auto shop.  These are very special people, and they will take care of you.
5	Two thumbs up for the Dutches Auto! No b.s. great service and kind folks.
5	Honest. Straight-forward. Reasonably priced. Need I say more?? Best auto service experience I've ever had. Unless something happens to this shop, I doubt I'll ever take my car anywhere else.
5	These folks don't mess around.  I'm leaving the state and asked for a dignostic. All around they are quite informative and honest about what they can and cannot do. What I find reassuring is that, in the event they locate something they can't resolve...they locate a resource that can. In some cases they make the calls for you. It reminds you of a time when small business owners thrived with excellent customer service and support.  You won't get that at the chains or the dealerships but its nice to see in local flavor here on Madison's east side..
5	First ever Yelp review, they earned it. We have been bringing our cars and recommending Dutch's to our friends and family for a couple years now. Never once have we felt cheated. In fact, it's quite the opposite. We always leave feeling informed (which as a female, I am used to people talking down to me when it comes to my car, little do they know that I grew up with a father who was always doing auto body work and under a hood, I'm not completely ignorant when it comes to cars, it's refreshing to talk with my mechanic and not just be talked at), like we got a really great work done for a really great rate, and most importantly, knowing we'll keep coming back for their service! Super job Dutch's!
