4	When you put Cactus Candy in the fridge, it becomes the platonic ideal for delicious chewy fruity candy.  My friend gave me his LAST piece of cactus candy (he had some shipped out to NY from AZ), and that was just a huge testament of how good a friend he is.  Kudos Eba san
2	The store is small and uncomfortable, but the products are decent.
4	Should I stay or should I go??? This is the question that ran through my mind as we walked up to this run down establishment! Since it was my last day in Arizona, I went for it!Walking up to the door, I saw that the sign did say "open for business", so I held my breath and walked it.  DING! Ahh! I jumped at the sound of the loud door bell! My fiance couldn't help but laugh! "Hello" said the owner as he walked in from behind the store.  "Hello!", we responded respectfully!Only two separate sets of shelving fit and fill in this small shop of Cacti but enough for the visiting tourists like ourselves! It only took about 5 minutes to look around and decide on a few souvenirs.  As I handed him my items he offered us a few samples and tossed in a free gift!!! WOW! What great guest service! I highly recommend a visit to this shop when in AZ! Not only was it a memorable experience but his prices are cheaper than retail stores!
5	Whenever I travel, I obsess about bringing back the perfect regional souvenirs and foodie items for family and friends.  We're living in the Phoenix area for a few months and I wanted to send small and inexpensive Arizona-esque little gifts to my son's preschool class in VA.  The sample sized candies are perfect and they sell them in bulk bags of 30 in the store. The store itself is a hole in the wall, but the gentleman working there couldn't have been nicer.  He gave my kids free lollipops and a student discount on the large order of candy.  And the candy itself is just insanely good.
4	The closest touristy, Arizona-esque candy shop to me here in Central Phoenix.Cactus Candy Co is located in a small building room, stocked with: hot sauces, jellies, marmalades, cactus gummies, prickly pear taffy and shirts. Upon entering I was greeted and was given some advice on the popular items people typically purchase. It was helpful, good amount of candies and jellies but definitely limited. Two thumbs up for having a discount with paying with cash + being a student. With the discount it ended up not being too expensive either. I got a few boxes of prickly pear candies, taffy and jelly for my friends and family back home. Crossing my fingers they'll enjoy the distinct taste of prickly pear from the good ol' Valley of the Sun!
