2	Over the years I have come to this same Cost Cutters a few times. And although each time I have asked for something different, it seems like I always end up with the same style. I guess this place is okay if you're just going in for a 'trim', but methinks it's time to start lookin' for a new haircut place!
2	Call me a princess, but i liked to be pampered during my haircuts (why yes, that includes the $20 trims). That said, I wasn't completely satisfied by my experience at Cost Cutters. My haircut lasted a total of 10 minutes. The stylist didn't wet my hair before she cut it. HUH? She didn't try to style it after she finished cutting it. DERP. I walked out of the salon looking more disheveled than I did when I had walked in. WHAT IN THE WORLD. All I wanted was a blowdry&styling so I could see what the hairstyle actually looked like before I walked out the door. Sadface.I'm debating whether or not I am willing to give another Cost Cutters stylist a try...or maybe I'll just wait until I go home for Christmas break to get a real haircut...
4	My two sons and I came in for a haircut and got right in. Maybe because it was a Monday. The hairstylist, Pam, was very attentive to our style preferences. She made friendly conversation while cutting our hair and did a great job. I've been to this location quite a few times and each time I've had a good experience.
1	Weirdly there is no yelp for the Verona one. So I am putting it here.  But I wish I had read these. I didn't realize until I read other reviews that they include a shampoo with your hair cut. My hair cut last about 10 minutes.  I have hair that is the same length, all I wanted was it cut so that I could still put it up to sleep. I specially mentioned this to her twice.  I wish I could include a picture of how short it actually is. Good luck hearing from someone if you want to talk to someone about not liking your cut.  My advice pay a few dollars more and find a place that will take responsibility when they screw up.
