5	What a great, little hidden gem! I happened to be walking by (I live in the neighborhood) and saw the grand opening sign and decided to pop in. Boy, am I glad I did! Don't let the size of this little shop  fool you. They are chock full of wonderful, international delights. The owner, Vena (sp?), was very kind and eager to show me around the store. You can tell that she is very passionate about her business in the excited way she talks about it. I fully support local businesses and am excited for her and her husband for opening this lovely little market. I walked out of there purchasing a couple of frozen Indian meals and boy, were they ever tasty! If you closed your eyes you might think you're in a fine Indian dining establishment. Vena told me she carries nothing but the best. It's nice to know that there are still people out there who stand by their products. She carries an array of spices for the adventurous cook and prepared items for those of us who are a little less ambitious. It was nice to see that she also has some fresh produce so if I need an onion or potato or some other veggie, I can always pop in there, instead of waiting at the big box grocer. Keep in mind, however, that the place is small so the produce section, while nice, is limited. What I do like about it is that she had some items that you wouldn't normally see in places like Fry's or Basha's.Vena also told me that she is working with local restaurants on getting some fresh Indian dishes in there for purchase. I can't wait for that!In closing, I'm really glad they opened this wonderful international, market. It's a welcome addition to Chandler and I highly recommend you stop in there.
5	I'm so glad I found this place! I'm beginning to explore Indian cooking, and needed some unusual spices for my chickpea curry. When I walked in with my spice list in-hand, I was greeted by the owner, Steve, who could probably tell that I was a little out of my element. I told him what I was trying to make, and he took the time to explain my different options. On his recommendation, I ended up purchasing a spice blend instead of buying all of the spices separately, which ended up being significantly cheaper. They also have a wide selection of homemade curries that are made fresh daily - and there are even vegan options! He mentioned that his wife is considering teaching some cooking classes, which I would love to sign up for. All-in-all, they have great prices, friendly service, and a huge selection of products. I will definitely be back!
5	I love that this is a family owned business and that they are still in business.  I don't get to go down here too often, but they have reasonable and good prices on their spices, which is what I go for.  Also, their ginger is a good price.The husband and wife team are always super friendly when I go in, very helpful.  It might help if they were in a more ethnic area to maybe attract more customers and business.  It's a bit stand alone and it's sort of odd to see a store like this in the area where it's located, even if it isn't too inconvenient for us to go here.I wish this family much prosperity in their business.  My family is small and though we use spices, but we don't use enough to really make a dent in their profits.  But, I do love the variety of their spices and the are a lot closer than other ethnic stores for me.
1	This business is no longer at this address if it still exists.  Storefront is bare, but you can see where the name used to be :(
5	I"m really bummed as I drove by today and like the previous poster in April said, the store front is empty and I called the place and the phone has been disconnected.  Feeling sad another small business gone.
