5	It's opening day and this place deserves an excellent review! I have been to the other locations and I can say that this one is right up to the standard of the others.  I got a steak and chicken bowl loaded with rice and other mix ins. This food is loaded with flavor and quality at a great price. I'm glad they opened this location here close to my work. The fusion of island flavors to a line style ordering system similar to chipotle or cafe rio makes this great for a quick lunch stop with a different twist. They have a regular in me and hopefully you will find the same opinion.
5	as always braddahs quality is consistent from location to location & we love that!! the food is always so fresh & healthy options, who doesn't want healthy these days...guilt free eating. the employees are so helpful, even the owner is hands on & makes sure everything about your visit is the best it can be!! pass that coconut bark this way! thx braddahs :]
5	I ate here for the first time today with a bunch of my sorority sisters. We all really enjoyed the food. Everything was good quality and the staff was fun and friendly. It's a really nice environment. The meat by itself was saltier than I like it, but once in the bowl with all the other flavors it blended nicely. Tips:Free drinks for UNLV studentsThey let you sample the meatThe salsa and sauce isn't really that spicy at all so if you like some spice you'll be fine with it and it's really tasty.
5	This place is amazing!! Forget Chipotle and zabas, this place is my new favorite! The staff was really friendly and had great customer service. I felt welcome from the second I walked in the door till when I left. Not only that but the good was AMAZING! There are so many options to make your burrito, taco, or bowl your own and to adhere to your own taste buds. Don't know what you like? They will give you samples so you can find out.. UNLV students get hooked up here too. But whether you are a student or not you need to check this place out! Oh and on a side note for dessert get there Coconut Bark.. You will thank me
4	I went to Braddah's on Rainbow when it first opened last year and, honestly, I wasn't wowed enough to return.  Then something strange happened this week.  I was feeling hangry and found myself back at the same location by myself because it was the closest thing around me at that time of night offering decent protein options that weren't fried.  I stopped in and got a huli huli chicken bowl with brown rice, lettuce, and lime wedges.  I took it home and it was very tasty, much better than I remember my first meal being from them.  Four days later (today), I stopped by this location across from UNLV and basically had the same meal again, with the addition of black beans and some sour cream.  I think I'm now addicted to it.  Everyone always talks about Braddah's coconut bark, which is good, but I think their chicken bowl is going to be my new BFF.
5	Let me tell you, this place is the BOMB! This location was the first Braddah I've ever had. We had the bowl of kalua pig and steak. It was the best choice I could ever chose. When we first came in, they helped us choose what to eat and gave us sample. The staffs were super helpful and they greeted us the moment we walked. The food was a large portion. I shared one with my girl and it filled both of us. We had the coconut bark for dessert and it was so unique. Definitely recommend to anyone who's into Chipotle. Try this instead of Chipotle next door.
5	To this place is dope. It reminds me of chipotle with the setup they have but way different flavors that are so bomb. Stop by whenever you get a chance, you won't be disappointed
5	One of my absolute favorite restaurants! I usually go to the one on Sahara but I finally moved over by UNLV and was so privileged enough to have one newly opened here! The staff are soooo nice and friendly, and the restaurant renovations are so gorgeous and such a comfortable environment! Amazing prices for amazing food!! :)
4	Very delicious food and the lady behind the counter was friendly and thoughtful. All the meats were great flavor...steak was a bit sweet for me but they let you sample. Te pig was delicious, a bit salty on its own but in a bowl packed with rice, beans and an abundance of salsas it was quite perfect. There homemade hot sauces are good but sweet, my fav was the mango/pineapple/habanero which added a touch of sweetness to the bowl I ordered. Would definitely come back.  I'm not sure what would make this a give, potentially a bit more air conditioning, was very warm and a better soda selection.
4	If you're anything like me, you've been sad ever since you returned from the islands because no taco on the mainland comes close to that wonderful kalua pork goodness from Jaws or Killer Tacos. Well if you happen to live in Las Vegas, then you're in luck - stop by Braddah's for your fix.  Your taste buds will not be disappointed!
5	Nothing short of AMAZING!!I come here at least once a week (most weeks more than that) and I can't say enough great things about this place.  It's always clean, the staff is beyond friendly and the food is SOOOO good!I am always bringing new friends to check this place out because it's too good not to share!
5	Just went there for the first time... good food... good anbiance... my kids loved it.Thumbs up.#showsometoes
5	What a great addition to the UNLV proximity lunch spots. Braddah's functions similar to a chipotle with a burrito, bowl, salad, taco assembly line; however, Braddah's is not a knockoff chipotle. The rice, salsas, and meats all have an island flavor to them which gives Braddah's its delicious and unique identity. Both the steak and chicken taste amazing; still waiting to splurge on the kalua pig. Call me crazy, but my favorite thing about this place has to be that they carry cabbage as a topping option. Love it! And at last, dessert. If you're on the fence about the coconut bark, get off and buy it. Start with a 1/4 pound because you will probably eat the entire box no matter how big it is. Seriously, this stuff is dangerously good. To top everything off, they take care of students, and that goes a long way. Keep up the good work Braddah's.
5	Was at the annual Hoolaulea in September visiting from San Diego.  Won a gift card to Braddah's at the festival which gave me the opportunity to give it a try.  OMG!! The food is totally delicious. It's the Hawaiian version similar to Chipotle...build your own meal concept, but in no way any comparison.  I got a "mixed plate" salad cuz it was too hard to decide what to get...the pork, meat or chicken.  So fresh...excellent flavors and taste. Reasonable priced. The staff is super nice.  You don't find that at other places  The coconut bark rocks!! Look forward to returning next September when I am back in town for the Hoolaulea.  I hope they have a food booth at the festival then.
5	I love this place. I would have never heard of it until my daughter starting working there. The place is amazing. The people there are so nice and so friendly. Even the Customers are Friendly. It very relaxed and chilled in there. Clean. Food IS to DIE FOR. OMG. I am so addicted to this place I can eat there 24/7 365 days a year. It is just Amazing. I am a regular customer there even when my daughter is not working, I still GO there. It is amazing atomsphere, with tables outside and nice music of all backgrounds and styles. I just am a number one Fan, and when asked, I say GO TO Braddahs on Maryland .. its the BOMB SPOT. Good hang out place, and good place to just unwind, do some studying, quick notes, jotting down days end, just enjoying the lovely Island aroma of the good food they have. Very clean, and the food is not sitting out looking OLD and stale, they keep it fresh and ready. Nice.. very nice. going tomorrow to get my craving fixed. Check it out.. BRADDAH's Its the bomb. Good for family, kids, students, dates, gatherings, whatever.. its All for You. Nice.
3	Not your regular Hawaiian BBQ joint; don't come here expecting a Mixed Plate/Masubi/Macaroni Salad because you won't find them here. This place is more of a Chipotle-esque assembly line of food, your choice of meat and fixings in a burrito/bowl/tacos. The meats were very flavorful, the grilled veggies were disappointingly bland. Originally wanted the fish but they were out at the time. :(
5	Thanks Yelp for helping me find this Las Vegas Gem! I was staying at a timeshare near this location and saw the interesting food and good reviews. We stopped in for a quick dinner after a long road trip from Denver. My Dad and I drove over and picked up 2 bowls for us and 2 for our girls. We all loved it so much that we ate here again before we left Vegas. As others have noted it's like a Hawaiian Chipotle.  The meats:Chicken, Beef and Pork all were great with a lot of flavor and a decent amount in the bowls and burritos.  They even gave us a quick sampling of each when we all came back. The salsa had good flavor but was not very hot. Maybe it's because we are fire eaters here at the home of Chipotle but it still was good. I liked the crunch of the cabbage and bean spouts, it added a nice texture to the bowls. The fresh lime wedge helped to create a nice pop of citrus in your mouth to go with the other quality ingredients.  On our first visit it was near closing time and when my Dad ordered the standard rice the employee noticed it was looking stale in the bin, called for another batch to be brought out to fill his order. I know almost all other restaurants would have just given him the older rice and not seemed to care, thanks for making your customers orders top quality all the time. Don't forget to check in here as the free coconut bark is outstanding.  If you haven't tried it, open the check in offer in the store and try a bit as you will probably want to buy more, it's just that good!
5	Never heard of this place until my friend invited me for dinner. This location is conveniently located in a plaza right across the street from UNLV's campus... So we walked there; took us less than 5 minutes. We got there towards the end of the night, so besides us (party of 4) there were only 1-2 more groups in there; pretty empty. Walked in and was greeted warmly. I was told it was a "Hawaiian style Chipotle" and indeed, it was. That is basically the only way I can describe this eatery because that's exactly what it is. It's setup the exact same way as Chipotle... You either pick a bowl or a burrito and they have a line of meats/toppings to put inside or on top. The worker (wish I grabbed her name, she was awesome!) asked if it was our first time and without us asking, gave us a sample of the kalua pig and the steak before we ordered. I really appreciated that and it was a no brainer for me to go with the steak... It was really sweet! (I forgot the name but it's the only steak on the menu. Looks like Pipi Kaula but sweet not smokey.) She also offered us a sample of their famous "Coconut Bark."I chose a bowl and went with the steak and furikake (nori/seaweed) rice. Then, went forward with all the toppings and sauces. If I remember correctly, it was cabbage, tomatoes, corn, bean sprouts, cilantro, salsa, lime, guac and sour cream. Let me put it this way.... SHE PACKED THE BOWL. Not stingy at all. She stacked my bowl HIGH with the various toppings. Such generous servings!!! This is a big plus. You definitely get MORE for your money and the bowls are not overpriced either. They even offer a discount for UNLV (not sure about CSN or if only this location offers student discount being that they're right across from UNLV) when you show your student ID. They have special homemade sauces and the signature Hawaiian Sun drinks. We dined in and when I took my first bite.... I DIED AND WENT TO HEAVEN. I don't know how I will ever eat Chipotle the same after eating here. Everyone back home in Hawaii wants a Chipotle, but I say, make a Braddah's!!! The owner needs to open one in Hawaii... Locals would go crazy. Anyone who loves Chipotle and who loves Hawaiian food, will definitely enjoy Braddah's. The customer service is awesome, definitely felt like I was back home, and the food is broke da mout status. I can't wait to go back!!!!
5	Here we go. The second location of the ever expanding empire known as Braddah's island style. There also is a another location somewhere in the north west, but it's too far from me and we won't talk about that one.The new Braddah's opened up right across from the main UNLV campus. This is a great idea due to their pricing point, speed of service, and great casual food!I like the new Braddah's interior more here than at the original location, it feels more like a cafe rather than a fast food place, which the original one reminds me of.The food is exactly the same as the original, and so are the prices. This time I also ordered their coconut bark for the very first time. The chocolate, crispy shortbread, and ooey gooey caramel nestled with coconut is just what the doctor ordered. Do I need an IV? No, just send the coconut bark this way :DGreat casual food, love the new setting, one of my favorite spots in town!
5	I'm a fan. Chipotle with Hawaiian ingredients. I've been here twice in the past week. It's my go-to quick fix now. I like their Kahlua pig and chicken protein. It's really tasty. I like their salsa variations.
4	Great service! And the crispy tacos are great. We took advantage of the check-in offer of a 1/4 box of coconut bark and had to get another!
5	Braddah's stole my heart. I mentioned it was my first time and was given a sample of all of the rice and meat that they have. My favorite was the seaweed rice and steak. Don't forget to check in on Yelp to get some free coconut bark!
5	I've been going to Braddah's since the first location opened on rainbow so I was thrilled when I found out one would be opening across the street from my school! I have lunch here at least once a week and I still can't get enough. All of the ingredients are fresh and tasty. I've actually stopped going to chipotle since Braddahs opened because it's just so much better. My favorite thing to get is a steak burrito with seaweed rice, beans, Maui onion salsa, cheese, guac, cilantro, sour cream and some lime mmmmm also the pig is wonderful. The real gem of this place is the coconut bark, no matter how full I am from the burrito I can always eat a whole box of that lovely bark. Seriously try some! Everyone who works here is always super nice and helpful/inviting. So much love for Braddah's!
5	First time here. Yum yum but expensive!I wanted to try all of their meats so I got the tacos with each meat and wow was it yummy or what?! Also got their coconut bark and pumpkin spice bark I think it was called. I really LOVED the coconut bark..not so much the pumpkin spice one...that one just sounded yummy but I'm not really a pumpkin lover. I can't wait till they open one closer to me in Henderson!
1	I AM REALLY BIG ON FOOD SAFETY!I came here to try some Hawaiian Style Tacos which I haven't had in awhile.  I come in and a girl who looks like she was prepping something in the back earlier asked me what I wanted. She proceeds to grab gloves without washing her hands first. Her hands were clearly dirty and she grabbed the OUTSIDE OF THE GLOVES! Hello, the gloves are used for a reason!  I told the young lady to wash her hands and get a new pair of gloves which she did without question. Now she has gloves on, waiting for me to order, she is leaning against the counter with her gloves on the side of it and everything.  She then makes my taco Salad and straight grabs the salad with her hands. Maybe the counters are clean I said to myself as I kept picking my selections. She then grabs a tray which didn't seem clean as a bunch of water spilled over as she picked it up and put it back down.  Grabs my bowl and sticks her fingers in it.  At this point I'm over it and would rather starve a bit and find another option than getting sick from improper food handling and safety. Please train your workers on Food Safety! Then maybe I might come back one day.
4	Their meat is really flavored good here, they will give you a sample if  you ask of the chicken, steak and pork. My favorite is the pork but the chicken and steak are good too. I have tried the bowl with pork and the steak burrito. The pineapple verde sauce is good, it's different from the normal green verde sauce but different in a good way. The coconut bark is like crack addicting so do't go there or you'll be fiening for it in a bad way, you were warned. Always check in for the Yelp deal, that's what got me addicted to the coconut bark.
3	Eh, it was okay. I'll admit it, I bought into the hype.Perhaps it was simply this location though, the person who brought me said the Rainbow Blvd. location he first visited, was better.
4	Pretty good. I came here mainly because of the good deals for UNLV students (free soda with student ID and the coupon book deals). This place really reminds me of a Hawaiian version of Chipotle. The first time I came they let me try the different kinds of meat. They're all delicious, but my personal favorite is the steak. I would recommend going here, especially if you're a student at UNLV with a coupon book.
5	First time at this place and was glad I stopped in on my way back home (Utah). I was greeted the minute I walked in by both employees on the line. Carmelo (sp?) gave us about 30 seconds before asking questions and giving us information on the items to choose, the way Braddah's works, the extra cost of things so I'm not surprised at the end of my ordering. If I say I've never been to an establishment, it's probably good to ask the customer questions to uncover their wants/needs to help them along and Carmelo did just that. She was very friendly and didn't have a "I hate my life" look or attitude that you get from many people working in the food industry. I was offered samples of the meat to assist I choosing the one I want for my soon to be amazing burrito. I used a Yelp coupon for the coconut bark which was BOMB. That thing is crack in bag. My burrito was under $10, got free bark, free samples, great service and I was full and ready for a nap by the time I was done. Note to self: Do not drive eating your burrito. You will drop rice on the floor and your shirt and you will be tired because you ate the whole thing because the guac and sour cream combo tasted so good with the meats and nori rice.
1	No way !!! This place is nothing special !! And for what you get it is expensive !!! Went one time , think it would be cheep . Left the place hungry !!! I have come to conclusion that a lot of people in vegas don't mind paying big money for just ok food !!! Read my other reviews !!! Sorry I crossed this place off my list !!!
5	Are here last night. Really enjoyed my meal. I like all the different kinds of exotic meats. Taste is an understatement. A++++
4	My friend described this place as the "Hawaiian Chipotle" but it far exceeded my expectations of that description. I was greeted by the lovely lady that works here, and I felt so welcome! Knowing it was my first time, she offered me samples of the chicken and pork, two of the most popular meat options. I was torn because both were super succulent and heavy with flavor. I settled on the bowl option, which was piled with brown seaweed rice (flavorless but healthy) and pork. The mango corn salsa has a good kick in spice, which I would recommend. You have to notice what other options there are, i.e. guacamole, sour cream, limes, because they will not necessary list out what else you can put in your meal. The meat was STELLAR but the whole bowl itself was just a solid four stars.Lastly, you MUST try the coconut bark. I was hesitant because I'm not a fan of coconut and they had their holiday peppermint bark option available, but I wanted to try the original... plus there is a Yelp check in special where you can get 1/4 pound of coconut bark for free with your meal. OH MAN. This is the best bark I have ever tasted, like everything is just perfect from the amount of coconut and chocolate to the gooey caramel on the bottom. Make sure to eat this while it's chilled!Wonderful experience, and I'm jealous of all the UNLV students who have convenient access to Braddah's!
3	Good, will be back if I am in the neighborhood, but not make an extra trip.Employee was SUPER friendly, nice and helpful.Chicken and beef were just too sweet for my taste.
5	Love this place .. its really good. I actually met the co founder at work his really nice .. and funny.
