5	We got to check this place out during its soft opening and it did not disappoint. Food is great. Mixed drinks are on point. If you like whiskey, try the Smashed Irishman. We didn't get any beer, but their selection is great. Our server (Kirk) did a great job at recommending drinks at dishes. My wife almost ordered a spicy drink, but he warned her and turned her to something else...super thankful. Two must haves: 1. Pork Belly Nachos...amazing!2. Korean Style Ribeye Cap...super tender and delicious. This place will be our new spot in Tempe for sure. Welcome to The Yard!
5	Came here on one of the pre-opening nights and the food was fabulous with great service.  Fun vibe, high energy and a great addition to Tempe. Started with antipasti; then we had the rainbow trout and Korean style ribeye cap. Very limited availability so ask for it asap.  Dessert was the bourbon black bottom pie. Yum, yum! We enjoyed plenty of wine and scotch drinks.
5	The Culinary Dropout at The Yard is a GREAT place to go for food, fun, games, drinks, events or just to hang out and relax. The menu is awesome, the staff is friendly and the place is a lot of fun. The Antipasti plates are a great way to start. They also have salads, soup, sandwiches and some really good entrees. The roasted salmon is tough to pass up. Other things on the menu are Shrimp and pork belly ramen, Meatloaf, fried chicken, a bistro steak with gorgonzola that is *really* good, sweet potato cannelloni and more. Do yourself a favor and save room for the "Bourbon Black Bottom Pie" for dessert. You'll thank me, I promise. They have a full bar and a bunch of specialty drinks, too. For local brews, they serve up hops from Four Peaks, San Tan, Huss Brewing and more. The place is cool, for sure. Good for small and large groups. Private meeting space available, as well.Valet parking is available.A great addition to Downtown Tempe.
5	I was privileged enough to be at Culinary Dropout's soft opening this past weekend. Sam Fox has done it again!!! What a great restaurant! The ambiance is very cool and casual. It caters to a 30's something crowd which is just what downtown Tempe needed. The decor includes hanging lights, cozy couches with fire pits and murals of Johnny Cash and Freddie Mercury. There is ample space for large crowds or something a little more intimate, if you prefer. Now for the food! My friends and I started with the pretzels and fondue. Sooo delicious!! Not quite ready for entrees, we ordered the cheese plate next. I highly recommended the goat cheese. It's perfect!Entrees were finally decided. I chose the meatloaf. Most people wouldn't dare order something that "only Mama can make". I'm here to tell you this meatloaf will make you slap your Mama! It's that good! Savory and flavorful and a generous portion. The green beans were on point too. The mashed potatoes seemed to be the instant kind. Easy to overlook with that meatloaf begging to be devoured!As for the cocktails, they left a little to be desired. I ordered a Moscow Mule. For $10 a drink, I expected a little more punch. Nonetheless, it was a great drink.Finally, the service. Every person on the staff is friendly and courteous. They are all more than willing to tend to your needs. The only problem is, they blend in with the patrons. There is no uniform or name tag worn. You have to look for someone carrying dishes or drinks to know who they are. Overall, this is a much needed addition for the City of Tempe. I highly recommend supporting this restaurant. You won't be disappointed!
5	Opted for the burger on my first time in. It was perfect. I'll be working my way thru the menu. Welcome to the neighborhood
5	Went here because a friend of mine suggested it. And I'm glad she did. I guess tonight was the official real opening (said my server) . My only complaint about my experience was that the wait staff had no identity. None of them were wearing name tags nor did they have an official uniform. But that did  not take away from good service. Was just an observation.Now to the food. I ordered the fried chicken. It says on the menu that it is worth the wait. Well I really didnt wait that long. Out came a plate with 3 pieces or perfectly cooked chicken, accompanied by mashed potatoes, cole slaw and a very fresh biscuit. Everything was great. The batter on the chicken was crispy and flavorful. There may even be some cumin in there. And I did order some dessert to go...the bourbon black bottom pie. I cant give a review because I haven't tried it yet.Definitely a great experience. Also, from a male perspective, between the female staff and other females dining at the place there are a lot of things to look at. Including the tv's.I will definitely be back.
5	Wonderful addition to downtown Tempe. Watched the AZ Cardinals game, they actually play game sound in the back bar. The menu is different from the Camelback location, but still fantastic. There is so much space for large groups and games. Will absolutely be returning - try the Shrimp & Pork Belly Ramen, delicious :)
5	Really nice staff (hosts, servers, bartenders, and security). Food was delicious as always, drink menu is fun to choose from too! You must order the pretzel and provolone cheese fondue!! I had the seared ahi tuna salad (incredible) and my boyfriend had the MAC burger (so indulgent.) The "Room Service" cocktail is so good! Our server was so nice and attentive and the atmosphere is great. We went on a Thursday around 8/9pm and there was a live dj up on the stage re-mixing popular songs, they sounded pretty awesome. Gorgeous, huge geometric light fixtures, tufted leather benches/couches, and the outside Yard area is beautiful - complete with a bar, shuffleboard, pink pong, and cornhole! The Yard is a fantastic area for larger groups to enjoy drinks, order food, play games, and hangout. We live literally across the street from Culinary (Tempe) and have been anxiously watching the building process and awaiting it's opening. We were not disappointed! I would absolutely recommend Culinary Dropout Tempe to anyone!
5	What a beautiful design! We really loved the rugs, the eclectic mix of warm traditional furniture and industrial looks. There was a great band playing for lunch. Totally appropriate volume and really a treat. We shared antipasti and fried chicken. It was so delicious. The kitchen split our chicken for us so we didn't have any fights.  the server was so nice I wanted to invite him to eat with us.
5	Went to dinner at the Culinary Dropout last night. Had a truly amazing time. the atmosphere was truly amazing. The wings, pretzels and yesterday's soup was delicious. The staff was very happy and the food was delicious. The outdoor area is very large and had a lot of corn hole and ping pong tables. I cannot wait to return.
5	The new Culinary Dropout in Tempe is a knockout.The atmosphere is sharp, yet it retains the warmth and comfiness suitable for rustic gastropub fare. In addition to food and drink menus, you'll get a starters checklist and a pencil. The charcuterie and cheese selection is excellent-- it boasts Spanish delicacies like Iberico ham and Marcona almonds. You've also got great treats like roasted beets in a sauce of vinegar or Brussels sprouts with Parmesan and currants.The rest of the menu is tried and trued at the other locations, and the standard is withheld in Tempe. And-- what's this? Breakfast on the weekends?Our server Connor made the meal a real delight. Congrats to Fox for another hit restaurant.
5	Wow.  . . I loved the ambiance of this place. While I am no longer in college, I didn't feel like this was a location that only served collegiate customers, there appeared to be all age groups enjoying the company of everyone. We sat in the back, pass the bags and ping pong tables and it was a great atmosphere for talking to your group or meeting new people. While the menu is limited here, or it could have been the time (we arrived around 8 p.m.) the food was delicious. I had the Thai wings and several of my peers ordered the cheese and pretzels. The beer selection is pretty decent, for this time of year a lot of the micro brews have holiday selections, I recommend the Sleepy Dog. Despite the large crowd, the waitress was amazing and attended to our requests with a smile on our face (did I mention we were a large crowd??) I wish I had her name to give her a shout out! But all of the waiters seemed to be really on point.I am hoping this place becomes a regular for my friends, I couldn't be more happy with my experience.
4	Culinary Dropout in Tempe is beautiful - a really nice space. Busy even on a Wednesday evening. The staff was incredibly friendly. The fried chicken was probably the best or next to the best I've ever had, all time. It was amazing. Everyone else I was with loved their food. I also thought the grilled cheese sliders were great. They didn't try to over-fancify them. Just good, traditional grilled cheese. It is a bit overpriced for what it is, but oh well. The menu didn't note that it was grass-fed or organic or anything, so I am not sure what kind of chicken it is to be so pricey. It is a great atmosphere and delicious. I will definitely go back. Maybe next time 5 stars. I think they are still getting ramped up - I asked for a box and they threw away my food. They did make a completely full new meal for me and the waiter was super nice about it. The valet also took a pretty long time.
3	First, let me say, I am so happy to have Culinary Dropout open in Tempe in the Farmer Arts District. I think it is going to be an  anchor establishment for lots of other development in this area and talk about a well run establishment, wow, one can almost hear the hum of operational efficiency in how this place is run and it is a big space and so popular! I took my work-team to lunch here today and honestly, no detail is overlooked and I have no doubt that in going here folks will have a consistently positive experience.As for why it is only marked as A-Ok right now - well, my first time at this location and as with the other culinary dropout I find the food to be good but nothing, at least this time, sent me into foodie heaven. I got the fried chicken and while it was good, a bit sweet for me for some reason. Part of the reason may be that I had the Asian fusion style fried chicken from Welcome Chicken + Donuts the day before and it suffered a bit by comparison. Probably the big thing, the mashed potatoes come across as a bit too smooth - something like mashed new potatoes, done a bit thicker, would be a bit more in alignment with the sort of stomach grabbing mashed potatoes that complement fried chicken - same for the gravy, feels as bit too smoothed out versus say, a thicker gravy with a stronger component of black pepper. I will say that the sweet potato cannelloni one of fellow diners had was well received and someone else had the M.A.C. burger and said it was one of her top five burgers. Accordingly, I bet most folks will find the food good enough. If one is a bit more of a foodie I would look to the antipasti menu where one can pick a variety of cured meets, cheeses (including pimento cheese - yum!) and other snacks - I saw some boards of those going out and they looked delicious. Oh, the music was at a low (good volume) when my group sat down for lunch at 11:15 and then as things started to get packed, they cranked up the volume - I have a feeling that is meant to help keep things moving quickly or even more likely, I'm becoming a grouchy old guy but keeping music at a reasonable level so that it adds to the ambiance but does not overwhelm or overshadow the level of conversation seems important. Key point here, a Yelp review is deeply personal and to some degree we have to throw in a level of "it connected with me" as a diner so that is why it is a  three star - I don't hate it but I also don't go - wow, that was an uncommonly good eating experience - I'll make sure to go back a few times and see if things change as I try more things on the menu, including some of the house cocktails - at the end of the day I'm extremely happy to have this establishment in my neighborhood.P.S. - one thing that was amazing, the apple monkey bread with ice cream dessert -  that was amazing and worth getting again. :-)
2	Fox Restaurant Concepts is a master of design and ambiance, but I find the food overpriced for the quantity and quality, and the staff undertrained.I was with a party of 6 and we ordered cocktails and asked for water. The drinks came within a reasonable amount of time, but it took 45 minutes (and several "I'll be back with those waters" from our server) to get any water at our table. You know the feeling when you try to desperately ask your server for something because you can tell you won't see them again for a while? That was our experience.I ordered the Korean rib eye steak which was very tasty, but I don't think the portion on my plate was even a full 8oz of beef. Also, it was already cut? Part of the joy of ordering a steak is cutting it! Basically, it was served like fajitas... Not what I was expecting, I guess.Maybe we were the unlucky table with the 1 not-so-good server, but it leaves an impression you know? Like bringing us our bills with not a SINGLE pen! Hello?! To top it all off, valet brought back my truck and there were blotches of some mysterious white substance on my windshield, my passenger window, and all over the bed. So bizarre!I'm not a negative person, and it pains me to leave a negative review for a local AZ chain, but I feel let down.
1	This decision isn't one that I'm happy about. As a first time patron at the Culinary Dropout, I have to say, I will not be returning not because of the food (by the way, the food was OUTSTANDING) but because of the our waitress. On a Friday night, one could expect to have a delay in being seated, having orders taken...but to wait 45 minutes for your drink to arrive after already waiting 15 minutes for your waitress to acknowledge our table, is ridiculous! On top of waiting, a lady in our group asked for her drink three times, in which the waitress walked away twice while the request was being made....I mean who does that? Oh and by the way, never ONCE was I offered a refill on my Diet Coke during the 2+ hours of being there. Now on to the food, as stated above, the food is outstanding, however, due to our waitress not bringing our food out in a timely manner, my steak was cold. By this time, I had enough of the service issues and just wanted OUT. The check arrives, and lone behold, it's wrong...waitress fixes the check, and proceeds to cash us out...our total bill for two is a little over $60, I hand the waitress a $100, and should have received $41.36 back in change....guess what, the waitress returns $41 and no change. So needless to say, your waitress should be thankful she kept the $.36 in change because that's $.35 more than what she was going to get from me. I honestly hope the Culinary Dropout reviews this and either contacts me for more information  before this waitress is allowed to ruin what could be an amazing experience for others.
4	We have been here twice now. What I like - service is excellent. Ask to be in Jay's section! The overall vibe, music, ping pong, corn-hole, TV screens, seating areas & beer selection. An excellent place to hang with friends!Things that could improve - very spendy for the qualify of food, if you sit in the outdoor area this time of the year prepare for your food to arrive a little cold, if going for a football game (they have great TV screens) the visibility on the outdoor screens is a little off in each of the areas.
4	This place is so much fun! I wish I could remember the name of our server, he was absolutely fantastic! I even forgot my dessert at the table and he chased us out the door to bring it to us! It was very busy but definitely fun to be able to play ping pong while we waited for our table! The only down side is that it is on the pricey side and as good as the food is, I'm not sure it's worth the amount we spent. Will probably go back for drinks and apps!
5	This place is amazing! I like it better than the other locations. It has a great vibe, lots of games and an awesome food/drink selection. Would recommend for dinner or late night drinks. Thinking about going there for nye this year!
5	Great food, great staff, great hip vibe. If you are a 20s something you'll love the vibe here. Very cool. Even for a middle aged dude, I love it. Seating is inside and outside.  We sat outside by a fire pit which was nice. They also have an area for games like cornhole, ping pong, etc.  However you must be 21 to enter!Food is always good here with unique twists on traditional dishes. Another great chef here.  The Dropout in Scottsdale is great too.
1	I am an extremely huge advocate for how amazing culinary dropout is. However, this location needs to take a few pointers from the other two locations. I didn't even get a chance to sit down in this restaurant before being treated like trash by their hostesses. The four airhead hostesses that you had working tonight need to learn their job before being sent out into the world of restaurant hostessing. I've been a hostess. Your job is just that. To host and to be the first and last impression that your guests  have of your establishment. It's not hard to at least pretend to care about your customers.Now that I've had my rant, let me tell you about my 2 minute experience that left a sour taste in my mouth about this particular culinary dropout location. Upon walking into the establishment the hostesses just stared and didn't even greet us with a simple, "hello". My boyfriend had to stand there for several moments before they acknowledged him. He told them how many it would be (it was going to be 4) and the hostesses, upon him asking how long the wait would be, responded "I literally don't even know right now." And we just looked at them. Then they go further on to say, "all of the tables we have for the rest of the night are going to reservations, but you can sit on the patio at an open high top." She also told us that one had just freed up and that we could have it. So, without even offering to show us the way, sends us out to look for the open table that supposedly exists. We go out there, no open high top. We walk back to the hostess stand and say to the girl that there are no open tables. She just replies, "oh, sorry. You can sit at one of the couches on the patio.. But it's not full menu."Oh. Thank you. I didn't come here to eat dinner. (Sarcasm).When we tell them that we have no where to sit because we want to eat dinner, they again, blankly stare at us and respond with a less than sincere "sorry."My boyfriend is not patient and tells them we are leaving because they are refusing to even offer to help us find a table. Again, less than sincere, "sorry" as we walked out. I understand that it is New Year's Eve and that you have a lot of people to accommodate, but your hostesses, instead of standing there at the host stand, clumped together, should be out doing everything they can to try and accommodate ALL of the guests who want to dine in your restaurant. (That includes bussing tables, walking the floor to find open tables, or find almost finished tables). I've been a hostess and a waitress and these girls did not know anything about customer service in the food industry. And even if you can't seat me tonight, at least try and act sympathetic and show me that you're doing everything in your power to treat your customers well. Otherwise you're going to continue to lose customers to Postino right down the road.Again, I love culinary dropout as you can probably tell by my previous reviews of the other two locations, but this one needs some work. The other two locations have customer service down to a science.
4	Came here for a friends birthday.... This place is pretty cool... Pricey but cool.I just love the set up and the food was delicious!We were stationed in the middle area in between the main dining room and the area where they amhad ping pong and corn holes. There was a big group of us in the couches and chairs.That night was freezing and the outside heaters kept us warm... I just wish they had a bigger area to eat out food because our table had a bonfire type thing in the middle and my fave felt like it was melting when I was eating my food lol.I got the chicken sandwich and it was sooooo good! I was very happy with it... And my friend got the ravioli... She let me try some of it and I wanna go back and order some for myself! The PaB buger was delicious too!I was very happy with the food and the atmosphere...plus our server was very good at keeping track of all our orders throughout the night :)Can't wait to go back!
4	This was a cool place. My aunt and uncle are h-u-g-e advocates of any Fox restaurant  and have been to the Culinary Dropout in Scottsdale. They were surprised at the decor and lack of an employee dress code compared to the Scottsdale location. I loved the hipster-y vibe and outdoor games! Perhaps no employee dress code because they've recently opened? We weren't sure. Some of the outfits we saw servers wearing we'd hardly call appropriate for a nice restaurant like Culinary Dropout. My family had reservations, so there was no wait once I arrived. We were seated in the main area with cool wooden tables. The metal chairs were cool but not comfy - my cousin and I were sad we didn't get the comfy-looking floral-patterned chairs. Service could have been better - our girl was hit or miss with us - I saw her pay more attention to her other tables. It kind of was one of those nights where we saw her when we needed to order drinks/food, and then once they were delivered. The food was amazing! Pretzel roll balls and the cheese sauce were great, ordered per my aunt and uncle. Everyone enjoyed their food, but the portion sizing seemed a bit off, comparing pricing/portion for my Ramen bowl to my mom's entree. Overall cool place but some kinks should be worked out.
5	Loved this place! Great atmosphere lots of space to hang out. The food was amazing, we had the Pork Belly nachos and the fondue pretzel ! DELICIOUS! Great drinks & hangout, our server Ryan was awesome too!
2	Fox Restaurants is part of my portfolio of good eats, however Culinary Dropout in Tempe is not 1 of them. First off; the make up air system for the exhaust grease hoods is waaayyy off, when you enter the building you experience the "wiff" of a back alley Japanese teppanyaki grease fryer-smoke sensation, I had to drop off my clothes at the dry cleaners the next morning to rid this odor. If your not familiar with make up air its the air that is pumped in from the roof to provide the exhaust grease hood to make up for the air its exhausting, sometimes too close to an HVAC unit on the roof it gets pumped in for the patrons to breathe and smell. Second; the layout feels like a junior high school cafeteria with tables lined up in parallel, with all the "cool kids" having fun tossing bags of beans back and forth in the adjoining Yard. Third; our server was pleasant, speedy, but lacked a smile, maybe had a bad day who knows? Fourth; we ordered the "36 hour pork ribs", mistake, they were cold, apx. room temperature or just below, I felt like a cave man chewing the hard to separate meat off the bone, after which we asked where the restrooms were so we could wash our hands from all of the bbq sauce, our server pointed the way down a dreary hallway, why don't they provide a wet nap at minimum, for the $25 plate they should provide a hot towel! Culinary Dropout is a great matching name for the restaurant, I think every one staffed there may just be Drop Outs...
5	I have been here two timesI can't wait to go backAwesome foodAwesome serviceAwesome bartender NickGreat for familiesGreat for singlesGreat for happy hourSuperior food
5	Food was great & drinks were great too!! The atmosphere was amazing, totally cool. Inside & outside bar with couches & electronic fire pits in the middle. Ping pong tables, corn hole, & shuffle board games in the outside part! So much fun!!
4	I love the atmosphere here ! From ping pong ,corn hole to the bar I'm a fan. Culinary Dropout/ the Yard is right down the street from my apartment so I can walk there and not worry about parking. Like most bar/restaurants around the mill ave area parking sucks. So be prepared! The seating within the restaurant is comfortable and eclectic. The crowd is diverse as well ! Service : Interesting to say the least ! She kept walking off in the middle of us ordering.   I  really could care less about service as long as you are bringing me my food.  Food : Pretzel and cheese fondue pretty damn good. The pork belly ramen was pretty bland. Then again I like my ramen spicy! Pricing : Slightly more expensive than most of the restaurants in downtown Tempe. But the atmosphere makes up for the expensiveness in my mind. Also It's one of the nicest places in the area other than La Bocca and House of tricks.Keep in mind this location is still pretty new , so they are still working out the kinks. Be kind :) and check it out !
