1	Ugh. Cesspool of a college bar, the only place at which I was ever, as far as I can tell, overtly discriminated against on the basis of (perceived) sexual orientation.I stopped in for a quick happy hour drink with two friends, one a lesbian, one bisexual; all three of us "look" non-heterosexual to a certain extent. Anyway, we paid for this; the old guy tending bar pointedly ignored us, at one point literally ignoring our polite "Excuse me"s to wait on a cute blonde in the OTHERWISE EMPTY BAR. I am not eager to ever return.
3	I have been told to never venture into their stinky, gross bathrooms. But, let us herald the 2.00 Spotted Cow brews from the Red Shed Tavrn and the fact that you can find a seat with it not being as jam packed as Wando's. With a short distance walk from the chicken and fish fry truck for a late night snack, 'tis not too bad of a place. Though the name is rhyming, it doesn't have the uniqueness of a Dr. Seuss book, but is average oooh.
3	Welcome to a dive bar that is a dive bar without irony.  Home of fantastic gigantic long islands sold in mason jars.  The Red Shed tends to attract college kids and dudes going to games. There's table soccer, darts, and pool.  I have good word this place hasn't changed since the 1970's.
3	DO NOT GO HERE..Ok, I warned you.  Good thing you blacked out for the broken glass in the toilets, the sinks that turn into urinals, etc etc.But wasn't the foosball game you played at 1 am a lot of fun?And aren't you still trying to figure out what were in those mason jars?  No, they were definitely bigger than pints jars.  Those were quart jars....  And your hangover is bad enough that you may never go near those tomatoes you canned last summer.There is a covered wagon, oregon-trail-style, over the door.  Real Western.  Ever seen hbo's deadwood?   You're lucky to leave deadwood's tavern alive.  Same goes for the red shed.DO NOT GO HERE.(I can't wait to go back)
3	3 or 4 stars?  I can't decide.  I'll dole out a on-the-high-side-of-3-stars rating...mostly because I won't go here most evenings.  And when I go here, it's almost never my idea.The Red Shed is a remarkable blend of Dive and Douche.  It's only Douche because it's around the corner from Wando's, so said people trickle in for cheap drinks high in alcohol content.  If this bar were located anywhere else, it would be a backwoods, "everyone's packin' heat"-kind of bar.  They have $6 mason jar long islands.  They will f up your s.  That said, you shouldn't visit Madison without getting your s f'd up by drinking one of these bad boys.  Wisconsinites really know the best and quickest routes to becoming alcoholics.The service is always nice and fairly prompt.  There's a 'big game hunting' game to add to the ambiance.  The music is okay sometimes.  BUT....and it's a big but.....avoid the bathroom.  It is a mix between a very small, dark prison cell and the toilet from Trainspotting.Oh, oh!  But the best part is the name.  You can joke that you're going to banish your female friends to the Red Shed for being 'unclean.'  That never gets old.
4	I love the Red Shed. Went their a few times this weekend....Boy do they have great drink specials. Monday night we got $1.50 TOP SHELF mixers. What a bargain. We walked in and got seats right at the bar. The next night we stopped by for 1/2 price pints of beer. We had 2 pints of good beer for $3.75. So I was in town 2 nights & hit this place both nights.I have to admit I'm bias since my Dad loved this place & use to take me there 30+ years ago when I was a kid. They use to have great food, but they don't serve food anymore.I'd give it 5 Stars if the bathrooms were not so disgusting...
2	The crowd is not my scene,  but they make a strong yet decent tasting long Island. the main draw for me was competitive foosball almost any night of the week. its been a few years though.
5	best madisonian institution ever.
1	Terrible Bar.  Smells like a dirty locker room.  The bar tenders are rude.  The drinks are terrible and when you ask for a new one they call you a drunk and argue with you about it.  Bathrooms are the most disgusting room I have ever been in.  If you go there do not use them.  Only good thing is that music isn't overly loud.
4	I've been going here a lot(pretty much a regular you could say.) It's a good place to include in your bar hopping plans. Wandos too busy? Fooseball taken at Vintage? Swing by Red Shed. It's also one of the few bars you can actually have a conversation at some  nights. One of my minor complaints is the jukebox. If there is no songs playing..it's just that--quiet. And at certain points in the night, you can hear a pin drop. Lines for the bathroom is sometimes annoying and I've felt really bad for the ladies here who have sometimes waited 30 minutes before the line moved one person :P
3	The definition of a dive bar, and not saying that in a bad way. Sure, the bathrooms are putrid and the place stinks a little, but there's no lines and you can grab a drink much faster than any of the surrounding bars on the weekends (unless there's a hockey game or something going on). Good Long Islands and drink specials during the week.
2	The only thing I like about this place is the massive $7 long-islands, other than that this place doesn't really do it for me. It is constantly crowded with angry people who just want to fight. They have some good drink specials but nothing to shout over aside from the long-islands. Atmosphere is just dirty, no real-theme to the place and staff is very rude.
4	Love this place. no, it's nothing fancy but when you have some of the best long islands in town you don't need to be fancy. everything is pretty straightfoward. it's a bar/pub. you can't beat it. PLUS foosball? game on.
4	Had a great time.  Reminded me of O Street (Lincoln, NE) bars on game day.  Tough to get a drink but somehow still worth the wait to get in.  Visited Friday night before the Nebraska game and it was filled with Husker fans.  Saturday night it was not quite as hospitable as Wisconsin students had a day long bender under their collective belt.
3	Mason jars. Full of booze. Tiny, typically unclean bathroom. Friendly bartenders. This is the Red Shed. And it's equal parts fun and blackout horrifying. The drinks are super cheap, and while you're attempting to figure out what exactly is in your mason jar filled with booze, you can play foosball or grab a seat with some buds. Drink with caution, enjoy with gusto. Viva la Red Shed.
4	I had *ONE* Long Island Iced Tea... the best long island I have ever had.... The rest, as they say, was history (history best forgotten and never ever talked about.)
5	Best.Bar.Ever.
4	This place is no more than a 'Sconnie feel college bar.  Gameday packed with locals and tourists alike... good times had by all.Drinks were more than fair priced- and the Long Island Iced Teas will do a wicked number on you!
1	Worst customer service ever! My fiance took 2 straws to put in my drink and this dumb bartender kicks him out for no reason! Worst customer service and bartender with the bald head and glasses ever! I highly do not recommend this place. There's better places that can gladly take your business
1	So horrible. Worst service and a shit hole. Dirty and slobs all over. Rudest staff I have ever seen.
4	Just like hangin back in your grand-pappy's shed in Pewalkee. Bring your cousins, a lawn chair, and an unquenchable thirst for giant-sized long islands in mason jars. $7.50 for some serious liquor is a steal, and they're cheaper the earlier you get there. This bar is cash only, so plan ahead.
