4	Great breakfast burritos.  The people that work there are so friendly.
4	Great chili relleno! Pork taco on the dry side. I rarely, if ever eat rice and retried beans, but I must say they were both very good at Los Alomos.  I would love to try the breakfast burrito next time, hard to find good ones in this area.
3	Not bad.Ordered the cheese enchilada dinner to go. The guy at the counter was very nice and helpful with the menu. My favorite Mexican dish is chilli rellenos but they were out so I ordered cheese enchiladas.The food was good, not too greasy. The enchilada sauce had a nice heat to it. Beans and rice were definitely better than the typical Mexican joint. Will be back with my husband to try some more dishes.
4	Stopped in for lunch, and was greeted very friendly by the owner. Cutbacks and economy, sad to see that no one else was here, the food was awesome, I ordered a Carnita Burrito without guacamole and it hit the spot. Homemade sauces very authentic ...you'll see me back with my punch card!
5	From the outside of this strip mall joint, you would expect typical low end Mexican you get on Bell Road in Phoenix.  NOT THE CASE - THIS IS EXCELLENT!When you enter, it appears to be primarily take out with only a few tables, but sit and eat here.  The owner personally waits on you and is awesome.  The nicest person with great recommendations and knows his menu and food.  On to the food....WOW, everything was yummy, perfect flavors, taste, temperature, etc.  Quick service, great food, cheap prices....I have a new Mexican favorite.
5	Don't be afraid of this place (I was) it is very delicious and the service is great. This is one of my absolute favorite places for steak burritos. Just give it a try the waiter/owner is a great host and guy.
5	Excellent takeout and prices can't be beat. Really liked the Nachos.
1	Los Alamos is CLOSED for good.
5	Found out about this restaurant on yelp on our drive back to California. This place is small and deceivingly good! The owner is very nice & friendly. The food was delicious and authentic. Homemade enchilada sauce and guacamole. The special for today, camarones rancheros, was amazing! The price was very reasonable too! Definitely worth giving a try!
5	I went here with my boyfriend for lunch. I wanted some garlic shrimp although they didn't have it on the menu but the server said he was going to still make it. He was very enthusiastic and passionate about his job. I loved that. My boyfriend ordered tacos and cheese quesadilla and it was amazing. Plus, he gave us the free quesadilla because he brought it out late. The flour tortilla was just like what I have in Mexico. The beans were alright, but I was never a fan of beans anyway. :) I will surely come back to this place!
4	Stopped in last night because it was close to my son's soccer practice. Very pleasantly surprised. Great service, clean atmosphere, and homemade food. The chips and sals were fresh and delicious as a starter. My wife and I had the Carne Asada plate and the Carne Asada Chimichanga and both were very solid and tasty. I would recommend this great hole in the wall to anyone looking for good Mexican food for a great value. All of the above for less than $20 out the door. Buen Provecho Amigos!!!
5	My wife and I discovered this great little Mexican restaurant after scouting Yelp reviews in our neighborhood.  Yelp raters had it scored at about 4.5-stars; and we agree.  It feels like a take-out joint when you first walk-in, but we recommend you eat-in.  Great chips and salsa while we waited for our food.  The owner is personable and attentive, and the food is really good and good portions.  We had the cheese enchilada combo and the chile-relleno combo and the tab came out to about $20.  We will be back!  :)
5	The food is authentic and the owner is a very nice guy. I had the breakfast burrito with chorizo, egg, and cheese and it was great. Couldn't ask for more!
5	We were craving good Mexican and luckily stumbled on to this place.  All we got were the breakfast burritos, but they were amazing!  I can't wait to go back and try everything thing else on the menu cause everything looked great!  The owner was really nice, service was amazing, he even gave us a free lemonade cause we had a little bit of a wait.  I would highly recommend this place!
4	Fantastic Mexican. Everything is made fresh and the owner is a great host.
5	Great food.
5	Super delicious burritos! I had a bean burrito with guacamole, and my husband had the pollo asada burrito with guacamole. The guacamole was FRESH, and we both devoured our food. It was definitely one of the best we have had since moving from California. Also, the owner who works the front is helpful and very nice. We will be going back to try the chile relleno and enchiladas. Check out the specials when you go in because they change, and are often a really great deal.
5	Los Alamos with Julio, its owner, is one of those rare jewels that keeps us searching HolesInTheWall for Nirvana. We started eating there weekly in 2007 until recently when I moved and go back whenever in the area. Have sampled every item on his menu over the years, at Julio's insistence, and found not one I didn't find excellent, even if skeptical at first! Especially like his signature Alamo Torta with three meats- It's To Die For and Huge.Not only is the food great, but Julio's personality makes it all the better. We quickly became friends (you can't help it) and good friends shortly after, sharing life stories. Julio and his brother (Los Alamo's regular chef) are accomplished in the Kitchen and it shows. Many dishes are Julio's own recipes with the remainder coming from grandparents near Sonora in Sonora.  Lord, they must eat well on that rancho.
1	I really want to try this place based on all the reviews and pictures. Unfortunately there is a sign on the window that says they are closed due to family emergency and will reopen January 25th. Still not open and it's March.I wish the best for their family and hope they get back to making delicious food soon. I'll update this review once they open back up. This is informational only.
1	This restaurant is now closed.
1	Still closed, phone not in service.
1	Tried to go here but it is permanently closed...Thanks for the updated info Yelp!  Drove out there and thankfully found Lenero!
