5	Let me preface this review with the fact that I grew up in Northern Virginia so technically I would be a "Yankee"  We did not have the pleasure of Bojangles up where I grew up, but I think it's slowly starting to make its way into VA.  Popeye's was my absolute favorite (and still is in some respects) but livin' in the south, I gotta give props to Boj's.  Unfortunately I've put myself on a diet, but I really really do enjoy Bojangles when I do get it - when people from out of town come in.  It's a great excuse to get some good chicken, biscuits, and sides.This location is off Independence Blvd.  Unfortunately you can't get to it easily when you are traveling East - just make a U-turn and you are good, but getting back out (if you want to continue East) can be a little tricky.  Other than the logistics, the chicken is great... the staff is always friendly... and the place well kept.
4	Saturday morning would not be the same without a trip to Bojangles to get a biscuit. You know how McDonald's has been doing those commercials showing that they make fresh biscuits every morning? That's because BOJO's does! Bojangles has amazing air and fluff to their buttermilk biscuits. The biscuit actually sticks a little to the roof of your mouth as you're eating it. Then you take a swig of coffee and all is right with the world. The bo rounds... don't get me started on bo rounds they are in a separate hash brown category. They are a bit larger then chick-fil-a's and made with onions which gives them a different taste that I think we can all enjoy. When my husband and I have that dilemma like everyone else in the world...  "What's for dinner?" One of our many fall backs is Bojangles. I LOVE the 2 piece meal deal with a leg and thigh and seasoned fries. YUMMY! Now the only trick is that you have to try and get the chicken right out of the fryer for it to be perfect. Otherwise the chicken looses it's crispiness. We usually pick up from this location because it's just down the street from our house. If they are out of legs or wings they are always willing to substitute. I know this is kind of weird but if you get a long fry that is warm but limp it's almost like eating the perfect french fry. Also, BOJO's sweet tea is always good as long as it's not to watered down with ice.
5	This is my hometown Bojangles and in my opinion the best.  The dirty rice is always fresh and the biscuits soft.  It was one of the only restaurant chains open during Hurricane Hugo so it has a special place in my memory.  Bojangles started in Charlotte and is great for tailgates or any occasion.
5	I'm an addict
1	I don't know where to start, the biscuit I keep hearing about is tasteless flat and dry, the chicken is soaked in oil. The cajun beans weren't bad though. Its just not my thing.
1	No Stars -simply disgusting.When I bit into the leg the barely cooked meat dripped a mixture of oil and water. I squeezed it between my fingers and more dripped out. The thigh the same story, the fries were passable but I was too disgusted to eat any of it by that point. I dropped the whole tray at the cashier, told her why and walked out. $6 wasted. Drove a mile up the road to Chick Fill A, which is not terrific but at least is not crap. I'm continuously amazed at the love people have for what in my book is garbage.edit: I've been told that possibly the water came from the chicken parts being dropped into the fryer before they finished defrosting. Sounds plausible considering the batter looked cooked but the meat not so much.
5	This is by far the best Bojangles in the area. The food is always cooked properly,  the building is kept clean, and most of the employees are very nice. The only issue with this location is that the line inside can get pretty long, but that's common at most fast food locations. I will return!
