4	I came to this nail salon while staying at the Sheraton in Station Square this weekend.  This nail salon just opened up this weekend in the Station Square Mall, which is extremely convenient for anyone staying in the Sheraton or coming to this area for the bars and dining.  I was also impressed that it was open on Sunday, which any of the other nail salons I had Yelped within walking distance (mostly in the downtown area) didn't seem to be open on Sunday.I opted for my usual services of a regular pedicure and a gel manicure.  They had pretty good variety of regular nail polishes to choose from but I was super impressed by the selection of gel to pick from.  They had CND Shellac, OPI axxium and Gelish brands and a really good selection of colors.  Pedicure was standard (I enjoyed that the massage chair actually worked) but I was impressed that callus remover was included with just the regular pedicure and I didn't have to upgrade to the more expensive spa pedicure to have this.  She also did an excellent job of my gel manicure and didn't rush anything.Prices here are pretty good - not New York cheap, but I didn't feel that I was overpaying (all together my pedi and gel mani came to $52).  I was also very impressed by how clean everything was, obviously because it is new.  I hope this salon does well in this spot - very nice people running it (they only tried to up sell me once to get my eyebrows done which is my pet peeve, but I won't hold it against them).  I will definitely come back if I am in need of nail services in Pittsburgh!
5	I am enjoying the best pedicure ever right now! The woman doing my pedicure is friendly, and gave me a non rushed massage with exfoliating rub, followed by lotion. The owner is friendly as well. He offered me something to drink, and told me they validate parking. I will be a return customer :)
4	Flew in for an overnight stay and needed somewhere in Station Square or nearby to get my nails done. Asked the front desk at the Sheraton if there was anything close by and they directed me to the small shopping area down the street, about a 5 minute walk. I called to find the exact location -- they're inside the shopping area, you won't see a storefront from the outside. And seeing is how I went on a Monday night, they could take me right away. One of the best gel manicures I have had in the longest time! Two weeks later it's still looking good with minimal chipping. Both the owner and the other nil tech were friendly and inviting. Cracking jokes with myself and the other customer (who told me she was a regular because she can get an appointment easily). The how salon was very clean, a great selection of colors for both regular polish and gel.The owner even asked if I drove there because they validate parking! Extra plus if you're from the area or have a rental car. I'd say if you're staying nearby and need a quick "me time" break, head over to EuroNails!
3	The site says open Sundays, their signage on the door said opened Sundays, but when I got there on Sunday at 5pm they were closed.So I went back the following Wednesday as a walk in, I was seen right away due to some one cancelling their appointment.I got a fill in on my acrylic nails and than had them polished....total price $18.00The equipment and furniture at Euro Nail and Spa is fancy and looks brand new, but it's the same low rate rush service that I have come to know in the areas nail shops.Going to Euro Nail is not worth the trip to Station Square.
5	I went here last night after hearing about them on Yelp. I have tried out almost every nail salon in the Pittsburgh area. I have consistently been disappointed in one way or another. I was so relieved when I went here. Don and Michelle were fantastic. I was very impressed w the basic pedicure and I also got pink and whites. They look great!  They were kind and worked quickly, but neatly. They didn't rush me and showed that they cared whether I was satisfied with their work. The shop is clean and the equipment is new. They also validate your parking so it is free to park in the garage there. The website does say they are open until 9, but it's actually 8. I didn't know that, but they stayed late to finish without any hesitation or signs of frustration. I am definitely going to be a return customer and am so happy that I have finallllllly found my place!
5	Highly recommend! The deluxe pedis were fantastic and very reasonable! The staff was very accommodating and friendly! Will definitely frequent Euro Nails when in PA!
5	Stopped by on a Saturday when they opened and were able to take us right away. They offered us complimentary beverages and discussed the types of pedicures available. My friend had a new tattoo and they were very understanding and accommodating about not scrubbing that area. They were polite and nice always checking to make sure we were enjoying service. I would highly recommend to others and will visit again when in Pittsburgh.
5	Prices are typical mani/pedi prices (I think it was $30 for a pedi and $30 for a gel mani), but they really do a much better job than other nail places in the area.  I've gotten two great pedis there, but also have done the gel mani before the holidays in hopes that I wouldn't need to be touching up my polish during this busy time of year.  I'm going on day 17 now and my mani still looks great, with the exception of the regrowth at the bottom.  I highly recommend this place!And they validate parking!
5	Hi wait on the 14th of December today is January 3 happy new year every finger is still perfect wish I wasn't 6 hours away.  It took about 30 minutes amazing and perfect.  I had a gel
5	This is my new go-to for mani/pedis. $40 total, with validated parking and a great attention to detail and little spa-like touches (i.e., warm towel treatment). I now have zero excuses to not have my nails done.
4	Came in based off of our previous visit last year. We didn't have an appointment so we figured there would be a wait. They said they would call when we could come back and they called within the time quoted. At little short staffed for a nice Saturday and 2 of the guys seemed to be pretty green. A few steps forgotten or just done different than should've been done. My friend ended up with 3 layers of nail polish so it took forever to dry. I'm still rating a 4 because I do really like this salon and will go back.
1	Wasn't impressed with the quality of work that they did. I think her name was Marry, she was really awkward to talk to. I had my gel nails done here and she painted all over my cuticles. This was my first time visiting Pittsburgh and I'm really dissapointed
5	I LOVED my deluxe pedicure and gel manicure. Bihn was the best. He took his time and made sure my polish was perfect and gave the best massages. I almost asked him to marry me :-). Ask for Bihn (pronounced Ben)!!!
5	I received a gel mani here, and was a little nervous only bc I have never been here before (I'm live outta town) and I read an unfavorable review stating the persons gel mani chipped a few days after getting it-and I HATE wasting money on cheap gel jobs....well I'm pleased to say that it's been over a week now with no chips....not quite 2 weeks yet, but it looks like it will make it! Great color selection, decent prices...no complaints here!
1	Came here to get a pedicure, michelle has the worst customer service I have ever experienced in all of the nail salons I've been too. She is too much, she trys to push me Into getting a deluxe pedicure when I onlt wanted a regular. And I believed because I didnt get a deluxe I was rushed through my pedicure. I wouldnt suggest anyone to go to this place.
5	out third visit and this was a lot better than last. quiet Saturday again but just happened to walk in behind 2 other girls. They made room for us and we never felt that we waited too long. The girl with the faith tattoo (sorry I didn't get her name) was great. I told her I hadn't had anything done in awhile and she took great care of me!! My friends tech did a great job too. Thanks and we will be back!
3	I got a manicure there today and they did a pretty good job.It was $15--very affordable.  The salon is very clean and I was able to just walk in.the only thing was after I was there, two women came in for pedicures and as there were only 2 technicians on staff, as soon as the women came in for pedicures my nail technician kind of rushed through the manicure.Still, I'll be back for other services bc they did do a nice job on the manicure.
5	I went with a friend this past weekend and got a regular manicure and a deluxe pedicure. The total was $60. The woman who did my nails was very quick, although not the friendliest but I am not a chatty customer so I enjoyed it. Mary did my friends' nails and she was much friendlier. I'm not sure how my friend's manicure is holding up, but mine is still perfect four days later and usually they don't last long at all! I will be going back here. p.s. They validate parking if you park in the garage near the mall so that's pretty nice!
5	Great mani-pedi at a reasonable price. Very friendly staff and they validate parking! Just moved from NYC where great nail places offer mani-pedis for $25 - hard to find a comparison here in Pittsburgh. $44 for the regular mani-pedi at Euro Nail was money well spent. Going back for my second mani tomorrow!
