5	I really enjoyed chatting with the owner while I browsed the retro candy selection.  I saw candy there that I hadn't seen in YEARS.  It's very easy to go overboard and want to buy a pound of everything.
5	What a pleasant surprise!  We happened upon the sweet spot candy shop by pure luck!  The owner was so friendly and let us do a mini photoshoot in his shop. My son loved him and after the photos came the good stuff.... CANDY! We walked out with 3 pounds and when we got home I wished we would have bought more!  Retro candy, vintage sodas, delicious salt water taffy, and "to die for" chocolates.... What more could you want? Maybe amazing atmosphere? Check! Insane decor? Check! Lovely owner and staff? Check! This place has got it all!  I suggest you visit very soon. We will definetly be back again and again!
5	What an awesome little candy shop in the Downtown area! I was walking around during my lunch break to clear my head and decided to checkout Sweet Spot Candy Shop. I had read about them a while ago but since I am supposedly "on a diet" I have been trying to avoid sweets (to no avail). As soon as I walked in the owner, Paul, cherrily approached me. I told him right off the bat that I only had a couple of dollars on me, I didn't have my purse, and asked what I could purchase with that. Right away he asked what I liked (everything) and gave me some samples. I tried the chicken feet, Cam S. is right, they are great! They also had some G.I. Joe gummies, which I've never seen. I ended up getting a bunch of strawberries, which are like 3-D, chicken feet, and some sour cherries. All of the gummies are super yummy and fresh-tasting. Paul also offrs vintage candy and specialty sodas. A half-pound of gummies is 5 dollars, which I think is super accesible.Kudos to Paul for opening up such a cute and sweet establishment downtown. We need more little shops like these if it is to thrive.
5	I recently cameback because I wanted to get a little treat for my friend's birthday. I opted for a bag of different gummies as well as a smiley face lollipop and a GooGoo cluster. Oh hell yes! I strongly recommend you try the GooGoo cluster if you haven't before (it was my first time after seeing Carla Hall on The Chew rave about it). The candy bar is like a Snickers but ON CRACK. So frickin' good! I could eat twenty without any problem. I will return soon to try the peanut butter flavored one.
5	Candy and more candy, not just a chocolate store but truly a Candy Shop with so many sweet smells and flavors.Not sure of what you want? Not to worry because you can sample it and then decide, the only problem then is deciding what not to take with you.I love chocolate but there were so many different flavors of taffy I was overwhelmed by them over the chocolate. Parents don't go in with your kids or they will see you acting like them wanting something of everything you remembered as a kid.Thank you for a wonderful experience and putting another line on my budget for the month.
5	Big Chew, candy cigarettes, Bit'O'Honeys, Mary Janes, you name it. They have classic, old school candy plus upscale chocolates and delicious gummy goodies. Everyone's already mentioned the chicken feet, which are as good as Paul says. So are the strawberry gummies.The decor is perfect for the outlet and compliments the lively spirit of sugar. The Sweet Spot has brightened this corner of the strip.
5	A Vegas MUST STOP in DownTown. We've all seen the casino's, treat yourself and those back home with a sweet treat! Candy for everyone and every taste. Who needs another shot glass? when they can have a Chick-O-Stick?
5	Such a cute candy shop! I adore the owners like no other! Very friendly. They have the freshest candy I have ever had! They don't fill the candy jars to the top and allow their candy to harden or go stale. The gummy worms are to die for! I can't explain how juicy they are LOL! I love supporting their up and coming small business! My little sister goes in their often and they are so nice and patient with her! Not to mention, I just won a $20 gift card by guessing how many gumballs in a jar! =) SUPPORT THOSE WHO DESERVE IT!  BEST OF LUCK TO SWEET SPOT CANDY SHOP! =)
4	I was unaware of this darling little candy shop until recently.   They put together a little box of their top selling assorted candy as a little hostess gift for me to give to someone.  Cute packaging and the gift was a slam dunk....original idea, local and absolutely fresh, fresh, fresh product.  I will absolutely go back and would recommend.  The owners are passionate about their business.
5	First time in today and it was a great atmosphere. Very friendly help with amazing knowledge of the sweet treats. Great variety with something for evey sweet tooth and candy fanatic. Cannot wait to return to this sweet spot
5	Quite possible the best candy store in Vegas, but certainly my favorite. Not only do they have a great selection, which would be enough to get me in the door, but the owners are the most adorable sweet people. They really are the best and always are around to help and give input and samples. I really really enjoy visiting sweet spot!
5	I just came from there and has such a fabulous experience that I had to sit down ASAP and write about it. A friend and I had taken our little ones to the Discovery Children's Museum. I had suggested we hit this candy shop afterward, as another friend had posted a pic on FB of gummy chicken feet she had found there. :)  I was intrigued enough by gummy chicken feet that I had to check this place out. Plus, we love candy stores. We've been known to drive all the way into Boulder City just to visit Grandma Daisy's and we used to frequent Rocket Fizz on the west side of town before they disappeared.Anyway, Sweet Spot...beyond awesome! We walked in and no one else was there. The first thing that hit me was that it just looked...pristine! Many times candy shops look cluttered and feel cramped. Sweet Spot is small but the atmosphere was just perfect. I loved it the second i walked in. The second thing I noticed...it was like they had just been there waiting for us specifically. The two dudes there were so welcoming and friendly. They let us sample the candies. I sampled so much of the chocolate that I haven't even felt the need to open the chocolate I bought. And it is GOOD chocolate. The assortment of gummies was so awesome and they had some I'd never seen anywhere else, like the chicken feet and fried eggs. One of the guys took our kids out onto the front sidewalk to play hopscotch while we finished with our purchases. It was great. It was seriously like visiting friends or someone we'd known forever. We felt that welcome. On the drive home we asked the kids if they liked the candy store. Both of them said yes and were raving about getting to play hopscotch. Something so simple and it completely made their entire day. I've lived in Vegas since 2007 and I can honestly say Sweet Spot is one of my top five favorite places. I'm big on customer service and when I walk away with a happy kid and feeling like i just left friends, then you are doing something right. We will be back!
5	I first came into the store a couple of weeks ago and feel in love with the design and layout of the shop. It is clean, modern, and colorful with a simple white background which gives the candy a starring role. And oh, the candy!! They have the most whimsical gummies and taffy and the most delicious chocolates! I definately recommend the dark spicy chocolate and chocolate with salted caramel. So yummm...The owners are the sweetest guys ever. They were so gracious to let us have a photoshoot in their amazing shop eventhough it took almost all day. Barry was so kind to us all day and even gave us suggestions for fun shots.Overall Sweet Spot is amazing and I will definately be going again to get my sweet fix!
5	I'm glad I found Sweet Spot candy shop on LV Yelp.This is not your typical over priced in your face candy shop found on or around the strip.It is a family friendly, customer service,take your time,taste testing and reasonably price candy shop located in the up and coming revised downtown Las Vegas across the st. From LV pawn shop. Lots of parking behind the shop.   I came in to buy some gummy candy for my kids and I was blown away on the unique and vast collection of gummies they have.I taste tested the chicken feet at the store it was fresh,chewy and flavorful.my kids love there gummy candy Thank You!! Sweet spot candy shop!! They also carry a selection of chocolate,retro candy,salt water taffy,soda pop and blue bell,it's it ice cream. This is a great candy shop to check out if your in Las Vegas and don't want to deal w/the drama of the strip.
5	This was our first visit to the Sweet Spot.  We really enjoyed perusing the sweets.  We tasted all kinda of sweets and ended up completing our gift items to bring back to Seattle.  They also shipped a gift for us to a family member.  If you are in downtown Vegas, you need to stop!
5	Not big on candy but my husband is so we ventured inside. This place is crisp fresh and clean! Fun to see all the nostalgia candy with new quirky ones. Fried egg or chicken feet weird I know! Of course they don't taste like those things but still weird and fun to try. I know I said I don't like sweets but gummies that's one thing I am a snob about. They have these lil penguins that taste like gummi peach heaven. Been craving them since our last visit!  So there's truly a little something for everyone here.
5	Great feel, great candy, and great service by Paul... Easy parking in back too!
5	How could I say anything negative about a place that sells all the old school candy I grew up on!? I couldn't! Literally the cutest candy store ever!With an all white background with pink accents you feel like you stepped into Candyland!Big glass jars contain tons of candy from big jawbreakers, sour gummies, gumballs, and even candy cigarettes, and YES they even smoke! You can buy individual pixie sticks and laffy taffys. They have Razzels, and Astrpops. They have Big League Chew and Boston Baked Beans. Whatever candy you crave from your childhood, they most likely have it. The owner said they will be strictly working out of the downtown container park location soon. So if you miss the chance to check out this location, its worth the annoying parking downtown to enter a sweet tooth heaven.
