5	I've been frequenting the String Bean for about 8 months now and it's time I proclaimed my love via Yelp: 5 STARS!Everything I've tried at this place is great - between the local menu, daily specials, and great beer selection (both bottled and on tap), this place has it all. Not to mention a beautiful outdoor seating area with outdoor fireplaces roaring in the fall and winter and live bands in the spring and summer.I live a good 30 minutes away but never mind making the drive to this place. Parking is a breeze, prices are a steal for the quality, and the staff is top notch in terms of friendliness and attentiveness.Do yourself (and your taste buds!) a favor and check out The String Bean with friends, a date, your parents or even solo ~ you're bound to make a friend or two at this place!
4	To the best of my knowledge, they have by far the best bottled beer selection this side of Charlotte. They have a great mix of beers and a nice variety of NC beers and beyond. As far as the restaurant goes, we've eaten here a couple times. We've been satisfied, but nothing that makes us crave or need to come back just for the food. Last time in i tried the String Beaner which is a flatbread pizza with pimento cheese, chorizo and onions. It was a tasty choice and i might even order it again in the future. i don't know what goes on with the meat/cheese section here. It just kind of throws me off or i'm too chicken to inspect it closer. My only real complaint is that i always seem to need to replenish my beer supply on a Sunday or a Monday and they are closed. Boo.
4	What a little gem in downtown Belmont.  I've been twice and have been happy both times - a nice menu with a lot of options for dinner and appetizers (the duck fat fries were awesome!) with a tremendous beer selection.  They have a deli and a small store in the front part.  Overall, it's a very unique place and if you are ever passing through Belmont and want to grab a beer or bite to eat (and sit outside with the tiki torches!), I would really recommend the String Bean!
5	I gave this place 5 stars simply for their beer selection and menu choices. I like dark beers like porters and stouts. So RJ recommended that I try the coconut porter that was on tap. Wow! I was blown away. It's brewed by Catawba valley if I remember correctly. Nevertheless, this is now the best porter I have ever had. Moving on to the menu. Now I'm a light eater, especially when I'm drinking beer. (Our motto in the Marine Corps was that there's a sandwich in every beer) so the problem I usually run into at other places with respectable draft selections is that if I want to eat, it's all heavy stuff. So when I saw the green monster on the menu i did the silent fist pump thingy. Then I saw fried pickles too. So I went with the fries green tomatoes (green monster) and it was heaven. When the bartender (Jen, Awesome) brought it out to me I thought there had been a mistake. They looked like huge crab cakes! So after she convinced me that they were actually tomatoes, I dug in. There was a light cream sauce poured over them and they were awesome! To top it off, you can order a six pack from the cooler (as it is also a market) and they bag it for you and add to tab right at the bar. So I ordered a six of rogue porter and was on my way. (The coconut porter was only on tap:( I love this place!
1	Good food. HORRIBLE service! We were a larger party, so they sat us at the little craft table or whatever it was in the market. That's fine. We wanted dinner, so we were okay with that.What wasn't fine was they didn't even clear it off. They left a price gun and a bunch of paperwork on the table. Strike one.We have three different people approach us in the time we placed a drink order, and received our drinks. One member of our party ordered a beer on draft, and they brought him a bottle. I ordered a diet coke, and they brought me a canned diet coke. Not in the mood to pay for multiple cokes, I switched and ordered sweet tea. After waiting FOREVER to get our drinks, we had a different person approach us to take our orders. This time it was a woman, and she did a great job of explaining the specials to us, but when I said I'd like one of them, she told me they were out of it. Okay, so why bother telling me about it? Strike two.Some of us ordered appetizers, and about twenty minutes after we ordered them they arrived. My husband and I had the hummus, and it was delicious. What wasn't awesome is that they give you a decent sized bowl of hummus and like 6 small wedges of pita bread to dip in it. I guess we were supposed to scoop the rest out and eat it with a spoon. Anyways. About 45 minutes AFTER our appetizers, we finally received our meals. Everything was fantastic. I had a delicious mediterranean pizza and my husband's steak was delicious. But this is the part that outraged me. Our waitress was God awful at filling our drinks. Two of us had sweet tea. We asked FOUR times for refills, and we never got them. She kept saying they were brewing fresh tea and she'd bring us some out, but she never did. After they took our plates, we waited about another 30 minutes for the check. Finally, I was at my wits end and asked for a manager. The slow service, I can handle. The crap on the table they sat us at, I can handle. The bringing out a bottled beer when my friend specifically ordered draft, I can handle. But having to ask FOUR times for a refill is outrageous and unacceptable.
4	I stopped in to the Bean  early on a Friday evening for dinner before a Grizzlies game.  I arrived around 5:30pm and the restaurant was about 40% full.  I took a seat at the bar because it appeared that the smattering of tables open had all been reserved (as indicated by the pieces of paper on the tables).  As has been mentioned before, things are pretty dark from a lighting perspective in the restaurant, but I found sufficient lighting at the bar (when was the last time you read that phrase?).  Jen greeted me at the bar and took my drink order and offered me a menu.  I asked her for her top three appetizers and she suggested the fried green tomatoes, fried pickles, and duck fries.  I went with the toms and went with one of the evening's specials for dinner (pan-seared salmon with mango salsa, rice cake, and grilled asparagus).The appetizer was out within ten minutes.  It consisted of three thick-cut slices of green tomato that were fried and stacked like a tower with pepper jack cheese between each slice.  This was then drizzled with a chipotle ranch sauce.  These toms were really good.  I loved the combo of the sweet toms and the spicy ranch and cheese.Then it was time for the entree.  The presentation was top-notch and it was almost too purdy to eat.  But I paid good money for it and I was going to eat it.  The salmon was cooked to my specs although there wasn't enough salsa to my liking.  A quick shout-out to Jen brought out some more salsa.  It was more of the contrast in themes, although this time it was sweet and salty.  The asparagus was flavorful, but unfortunately the rice was white.  Would have loved some brown rice, but it is what it is.Excellent service and some really good food here.  I don't make it out to Belmont to often, but I hope to make it back again in the near future.
4	Amazing food, amazing wine selection, amazing beer selection.  Ate there last night outside, marvelous evening.
5	Love this place so much, wish I could eat here more often.  The service was great when we were there, and I love the small-town feel of everything.  Food = amazing.Can we talk about the Duck Fat Fries for a minute? Outrageous.  And this is probably the only place you can get them in Gaston County (Lord help us).  Delicious beers as far as the eye can see.  Cute little stuff in their shoppy shop.  I hope my memory isn't skewed, because this was one of the first places I went out to eat to when my son was but a wee babe.  A meal out and a beer any time in the 6 months after he was born was to be savored.
4	Fabulous for the beer selection alone. In a craft beer wasteland of Walmart, Food Dog and Bi-Lo in Belmont this place is great to have around. The prices are a little higher than you would find elsewhere but we don't mind paying a little more to support a local business. I have only eaten here a couple times so far. Both times were great. The burger and sweet potato fries are very tasty. Definitely a welcome gourmet vibe in this small town. They always have delicious and innovative sounding specials. Also a cheese and meat counter on-site.I would definitely recommend checking this place out, especially if you are into good beer.
5	They have the best Reuben in the area.  There home made chips and ranch dressing are great.  The tomato and mozzarella appetizer is delicious and more like a meal than an appetizer.
2	I ended up in the downtown area of Belmont on my lunch break other day.  We were walking into a pizza place when i saw a ton of beer, displayed all common market style in the adjoining store. I was totally caught off guard(in Belmont?)and naturally, I had to go in. Walk in and yep tons of good beers AND woah! whats that? there's a small restaurant too? SCORE. and a fried green tomato BLT on the menu? SOLD!Every table in the restaurant area was full so a to-go order it was. It took a few minutes to even be acknowledged at the bar, with 3 people behind it. Not very cool.  2 BLT orders finally placed, time to go look at beers for awhile. I killed 15 min doing that and headed back over to the restaurant area and waited....and waited....and waited...After almost a half hour one of the waiters came by and said he was going to check on the order. It was then that we realized that no food had come out of the kitchen since we'd gotten there. Not a good sign.  We finally received our food after almost 40 min. Now waiting that long for something, its gotta at least be good right? Wrong, it was very disappointing. Wilted lettuce, soggy bacon, the fried green tomato was decent but it couldn't save the sandwich. Sides were pasta salad and handmade chips. Both were mediocre at best. My coworker said her pasta salad was just pasta and oil. Ew. Overall 2stars for having lots of beer and for bringing decent beers to Belmont. Unfortunately, too long of a wait time for food, a staff that looks like it could benefit from antidepressants and blah grub prevents me from reviewing it any higher.
5	String bean is my go to for fresh seafood. They will pretty much order you anything you want if you let them know a day or two ahead of time. There wine selection is great too. They also have a lunch and dinner menu that is great. There Cuban sandwich is on rosemary bread...amazing!!!
5	Second trip to Belmont. Wouldn't miss lunch and a pint at the Bean. Gems like this are worth shouting about. Don't miss out. If you're a local, please support this brilliant cafe, deli, butcher and beermonger. If it's not here the next time I'm in town, I'm blaming y'all. And there will be hell to pay!
4	Great food, hamburger, salmon, green fried tomatoes were tasteful!I went back to this restaurant twice, as I am from Chicago. I would highly recommend this restaurant.  Service can get slow when the restaurant is full, but the food is great!
2	The concept is great, but the execution is not.  It's too bad, because I wanted to like this place.I appreciate the fact they have a large beer selection by the bottle and that the prices aren't too bad.  Our waitress was very nice as well.  But what I don't appreciate is that for a sandwich and burger joint, dinner service took 2 hours!  We were there from 6:30 to 8:30pm.  Not only was I disappointed with the time it took to get our food, the "cuban sandwich" I ordered was nothing of the sort.  Seriously, it tasted like an "italian" style sandwich, and the bread was not grilled.  To top it all off, for the two hours I was there, I had to go next door to use the restroom because their facility was out of order.
4	I almost awarded them only three stars as they're the only establishment I encountered in my 5 day stay who seemed gave me any attitude. The food, however is what we went for and the food delivered. I highly recommend the Fig-Prosciuto flat-bread and the BF &B. The fried pickles and duck fat fries are very good as well.I was very unimpressed with the cavalier attitude given when they lost the credit card. No apology was offered when they discovered the card had indeed not made it back to the table (our server insisted she had returned it) and was instead on the floor between the register and restrooms.
1	This place is never open when it says...and if you are so lucky for them to be open during posted times...often no one around to help you. A complete waste of time to go here, service terrible.
3	I have been to the String Bean a few times now. The first time I went I got their Cowpig burger. I'm not a fan of raw bacon cooked into burger because it cooks unevenly. Wasn't impressed. The second time I came I had the Cuban sandwich and I loved it. The third time I got the roast beef sandwich and it was a little dry, but my mom got the portobello sandwich and it was delicious. It looks like its either hit or miss with the menu items, but it is nice to find a place that tries to do something new and interesting. I love the coleslaw and the homemade chips. The beer selection is pretty impressive too. I will be coming back.
5	This place is fantastic. I found them through a catering job they did for me and that food was stellar but the restaurant/market is relaxed, a bit funky and the service was top notch. Ask for Katie.
5	Best beer selection in Belmont, in my opinion. The food is great too but the beer is what sets this place apart. Every time I go here I put forward a conscious effort to try a different beer. The service is great as well. The servers have a great sense of humor and know a bit about the food and beers. The food is great to go along with their beer or wine choices (they have a good selection of wine too, but I am a beer person most of the time). You must try a flat bread when you are there or a bison burger. Oh and who can forget the fried pickles as an app.
5	Love this place.  We received great service from Bonita on our recent visit.  We will definitely be back!
5	I recently planned a surprise party for my wife's birthday at The String Bean.  I couldn't have been more pleased with the event!  The owner and chef were both very accommodating and helpful in planning the event.  We had the party on the patio which worked perfect.  Of course the best part was the food.  Everything was excellent!    The String Bean has always been one of our favorite spots and now it's at the top of our list.
5	Awesome! Always awesome!
4	What a great little place.  We visited for a Saturday lunch and arrived at 1:30 ish and the place was still packed.  That is a good sign, my friend.  The outdoor patio wasn't being used at all and honestly, the dining area is pretty small, so it would've been nice to use it but it was still too hot.  I would love to come back on a more comfortable weather day and spend some time on the patio.The food I had was great, I stuck with a salad, nothing too special but delicious none the less.  This place is a cool concept.  Basically, craft beer and wine for sale, along side fresh cut meats and fish for the taking.  They have an awesome bottled beer line up but the draft side of the house is a little lacking.Parking is street side mostly as I could tell and I imagine that parking becomes hard to find during peak hours.
5	Second time at the Bean, they didn't disappoint.  If you go for brunch, try the chicken & waffles (with mimosas).  They also have a bloody mary bar that looked pretty cool.If you go any other time, try the Cow Pig or the Don burgers.Their beer selection is fun and they carry some fun local hard ciders as well. Their parking lot is small, so plan your timing accordingly.
4	Only 25 minutes from our place Uptown - love The String Bean in Belmont!!  Great patio area and nice interior.  It has a butcher counter, hard to find beer and wines as well as a full restaurant and bar. Fun table in the back inside with the beer for you to settle with your friends like you are at Mom's kitchen table....except surrounded by great beer!!!The staff was awesome when we went.  I had the tuna salad, very simple and delicious.  Served with a wasabi dressing.  Would definitely get it again!!!  Can't wait to go back!  :-D
4	Sunday Brunch is where its at.Sunday's they have a nice brunch setting outside in the morning, and they have nice special little menu to order.  The meal that you should eat is  the chicken and waffles.  A huge Belgian waffle with fried chicken, gravy, and syrup will make you feel fat and happy. Coffee is served in a nice big mug ( I happened to get a fun mug from Niagara Falls- Maid of the Mist).  Also, served with brunch is a "make your own bloody-marry bar" and mimosas.Inside, they have nice shop and really good beer selection.  Grad some nice micro-brews for the afternoon, after eating brunch.
4	Such a great place. Good food and great service. I love their caprese sandwich but everything we have gotten there has been great. Highly recommend it!
3	3 and 1/2 stars, 2.5 for the food and one extra star for being a fun outdoor brunch destination  - on Saturdays not Sunday like Michael posted. Funky store, quality meats, Sushi grade tuna for only $14/lb, great wine selection reasonably priced, many beers etc. Tiny dining room but a great patio right in quaint downtown Belmont. That's where we sat to enjoy the weather.  I didn't much care for the coffee but the food was alright, just not as good as it reads on the menu. Marinated eggplant grilled and served on Focaccia with feta cheese, pesto, lettuce and tomato. $10 with the duck fat fries option. The sandwich tastes great at first but the bread was totally soak in oil and pesto, so after a while I got tired of squirting oil all over me at every bite.The duck fat fries were super crispy and addictive, but eat them while still hot as they get cold they definitely lose their charm. Well worth the $2 upgrade but a la carte they charge $9 for it which is simply bonkers. We also had a taco wrap of scrambled eggs, with applewood smoked bacon, avocado and cheese (I chose Feta) $9 I think. Pretty good but no wow. Honestly I'm not convinced that scrambled eggs and avocado are a winning combination but that's just me. The side was home fries, more like little cubes of potatoes, good as you can expect it to be. Altogether we ended up consuming way more salt that is necessary - or healthy for that matter - as it's too often the case.  I won't mention the men's room (oops I just did) so there you have it, it's just a nice place to get out of town for the afternoon.
5	Excellent food, friendly staff, great beer selection. I haven't had anything on the menu that I didn't love.  By far my favorite place to eat and grab a drink in the Charlotte area.
4	Food was pretty good but nothing wonderfully outstanding. Good clean restaurant. Service was quick and good, and the prices were comparable to other restaurants in the area.
5	Pleasantly surprised at the great service and food. The staff was very accommodating to my food prep issues. That alone is worth 5 stars.I ordered the Black and Blue Rib Eye rare and it came out rare! They also let me switch sides at no extra charge. My Husband got the Southern Reuben with sweet potato fries and was very happy with it. We will definitely go there again. Fun atmosphere too!
4	We love this place, especially for brunch. Dinner is a bit more busy and you may be a little rushed depending on the server, but all in all it's a very nice atmosphere. The food is quite fresh and there are some real gems on there. They have bison, which we love. The beer selection is among the best in the area, and if you're just in the market for a couple of brews and some steak at the butcher area, they have a great selection of that as well. If weather permits, we suggest taking it outside on the patio. It's not a huge place, but it's worth the wait if there is one.
5	Great food, great atmosphere and the Beer selection is amazing !! I found this food while visiting from San Diego !!! Must go to again !!!! French fries in duck fat , fried green tomatoes, and fried picks were fabulous!!
5	Our son was getting married and we were looking for places to cater for the rehearsal dinner.  We wanted to try and stay local.  We visited with String Bean and decided to use them.  So glad we did. Very easy to work with and very, very helpful at the event. Anything we asked they helped with.  And the food was all delicious too!!!  I would highly recommend them for any of your catering needs.
1	A
5	This is an example of what every town in America needs for a restaurant.  This casual restaurant located in downtown Belmont has traditional dishes and traditional dishes with some local flare.  The menu changes depending on the freshest ingredients available locally.  And when the weather is good, you can sit outside under the stars with live local music to add the perfect accompaniment to a great evening. Go there and don't be surprised if the Governor is eating at the table next to you!
4	I would rate String Bean 5 stars but can't bring myself to do it because I think that should really be reserved for that elusive experience at some amazing location on a trip to some faraway land on the perfect day that probably is something made up in my mind.Now to String Bean..I LOVE this place! The meat is fantastic quality and everything is so fresh and prepared simply but somehow just tastes amazing.The wine is what gets me. Nothing like grabbing a great bottle of wine off the shelf and have it with dinner and pay 1/3 or less of what you would pay at any other restaurant.Tonight we decided on an early dinner and I was in need of a good steak. I decided on the special. A ribeye with bacon jam, smashed goat cheese potatoes and collards.I was hesitant about bacon jam. I'm usually a steak purist. A Good cut of meat doesn't need junk on it but I trusted them on the bacon jam because these guys are serious about their meat...and all I can say is DAMN! That stuff is awesome! I wanted a big jar of that bacon jam to take home. The service was spot on, the wine service was great as always (I grabbed an inexpensive bottle of 1919 Malbec off the shelf for $12) and my wife thoroughly enjoyed the tuna special.I'll keep going back over and over to The String Bean. This place is great for a quick burger at lunch, a dinner date, or just chilling on the patio next to the outdoor fireplace with friends and a bottle of wine.I give them two enthusiastic thumbs up!!
4	Great patio. Amazing beer selection. Amazing wine selection. Amazing beer and wine prices.
2	This place could be excellent but they fail in the small details. First off the staff is not very friendly and we had a bad waitress, very impatient. The food is good but it is hard to lay out good money for an attitude when there is three more great places to eat in Belmont .
5	I love this place. I stay near Belmont just so I can run at the whitewater center and eat at the string bean. Kudos to the place and their staff. Great veg choices and premium microbrews, even some from my home state of Oregon.
4	Soup was excellent!  Service was great. They actually use real ham, carved off the bone, in their ham and brussels sprout soup!Love real food!
1	Have driven by this place many times so decided to give it a try today for lunch.  Wasn't very busy when we got there- maybe only 5 tables seated outdoors on the patio. When we went to the hostess stand we were told to go ahead and sit anywhere we wanted. We decided to sit outdoors as they have a great patio area. Well after sitting there for no less than 10 minutes- and having at least 3 waitresses and 1 bus boy walk by our table without even one of them make eye contact or acknowledging us, we flagged down one of the waitresses only to be cut off with a brusque " just a second".  When she finally came over, no hi or welcome to the restaurant comment, instead she wanted to know who sat us at the table we were at.. When we told her an employee at the hostess stand told us we could seat ourselves, she was like " fine, what do u want to drink??" I asked for a menu because I know they have an extensive selection of beer and wanted to see what was available before deciding.. We got nothing but attitude from her and felt very uncomfortable and unwelcome. Now because I'd heard great reviews about this place I was willing to push through and overlook some of the rudeness.  We sat there for a while waiting for our drinks and when we got them they were just dropped off at the table without one word and then she walked off.. My glass was  cracked on the bottom and a piece of glass actually broke off when my finger caught on it.. When we brought this to her attention not even an " I'm sorry" she just took it off the table, looked at it and said " so what do you want to order??" My husband had asked to speak to the manager probably 10 minutes earlier and when he finally came out, he was full of attitude as well.. We may or may not give this place a try again, if we do it won't be anytime soon.  What I do know is the staff AND direct management need a crash course in customer service...
5	If you are looking for a quaint local restaurant.  Look no further! This place is the epitome of coziness, good food and great service (server was Angela). I highly recommend the fried green tomatoes (which I am usually not a fan, but these were cooked exceptionally well and the flavor mayo sauce on top, reminded me of a spicy mayo that they use on sushi rolls)..DELICIOUS! I also had a tuna fish salad sandwich (they used ahi tuna and it was so fresh)...Also, before you leave take a stroll through the in-house market which carries a pleaothera of foriegn and domestic beers and wine.  The market also has fresh meats (ie Steak/lamb/fish/etc).. Also there is a little antique store down the raod that is amazing!
4	Good fried Oreos.
5	Highly recommend their wine shop, as well as butcher counter.  Bought a ribeye the other day to grill at home. Definitely worth it.
1	I am giving this rating to the String Bean based on their customer service performance. My boyfriend and I recently went there for lunch. He ordered his sandwich without some items that he is not able to eat. We waited quite a while for the meal to come out initially; however before the meal came out we were informed that his sandwich had not been made correctly and that they were in the process of making another sandwich. We were told that his initial sandwich would still be brought out and that we could keep it (not sure what we were going to do with it since it had items he can't consume on it). About 10-15 minutes later, after I had finished most of my food, the sandwich came out. We complained to the waitress as it had taken about 45-50 minutes for the food he could eat to come. We were offered a dessert, but expressed that we did not want a dessert and felt like the item should be removed from the bill. The manager came over to talk to us and said our food had come out at 35 minutes just outside of their 32 minute window. The kitchen had also informed him that the second sandwich made came out after 3 minutes. We told the manager that this was incorrect as I had finished most of my meal and it was actually 10-15 minutes. In the end he gave us $2 off for the fries and lost a customer. When dining out, I have never had a manager debate with me when making a complaint. The best restaurants realize when they have messed up and offer to correct it through compensation immediately, you don't have to ask and go back and forth. Restaurants are busy and mistakes are made, I am always willing to give a business another chance if they show my business is important to them,. Unfortunately for the String Bean, this is not the case.
1	I can't believe this place has as good as reviews as it does.  It's shocking!  Is this the String Bean in Belmont or am I on the wrong thing here?  Anyway, I believe I'm at the correct location so let me explain.  I've eaten here several times.  Why might you ask?  Because I live 5 minutes from downtown Belmont and I want it to be good.  I want it to be so good! I want to go on here and say, "Yes! Yes I tell you! String Bean is a great restaurant!" But it's not.  I don't know how it has such solid reviews as my girlfriend, father, and friends all share my sentiments.  I have NEVER had a meal prepared for me there in a reasonable amount of time.  It always takes forever.  Rarely do they get the order right.  Their waiters/waitresses consistently disappear throughout dinner and you're just out of luck if you run out of beer or water.  I want to continue to eat here because its close, but rightfully so my girlfriend is so fed up with the bad service she refuses to go.  Once delivered at the table the food and beer are good.  However, you will be too upset with the delay and problems occurring around you to enjoy it.  It is not cheap either!  Look, the location is wonderful and that is the ONLY reason it is surviving!  I would love for chef Ramsay to come here and jerk a knot in these peoples tails, it would be amazing!  But until things change at this place, I am not eating here
4	Wow! Today is my birthday and we stopped here for lunch. We fell into the right place. The service and food were both amazing. I had the BLT with fried green tomatoes and house made potato chips. The sandwich was the perfect combination of ingredients. The chips were crispy and delicious. I mentioned it was my birthday and the waitress brought out a plate of profiteroles on the house. What wonderful surprise. Thank you, String Bean.
1	I have no idea how this place has 4 stars?  Wait, well yea I do.  Conspiracy theory, my last one star review on here looks to have mysteriously disappeared (yelp credibility as well).  Anyway I am going to continue to add my review on here no matter how many times it "mysteriously disappears".  The problem with this place is service.  Everytime my girlfriend and I go there we lose or waiter or waitress for 15 minutes plus.  The same can be the said for my fathersand friends experience there because they say the same. Is the food and beer good?  Well yes but that's if you get it.  It takes a lot of time and the chances of them getting your order right are meniscule. I guarantee you will run out of whatever your drinking while waiting for your food and will need to send out a APB for your waiter/waitress.   It's a shame because everyone wants this place to be good.  If you haven't eaten here before it is such a nice restaurant and you will be pleasantly surprised.  Especially since it's nestled in downtown Belmont and has some sexy outdoor seating.  At the very least you can take a date out here and spark the mood.  You just need to be very entertaining for a long time and hope he or she drinks slow.  The fact is, the place is managed horribly and service sucks.  Until this changes, I am not eating here.  (And yelp if you remove this review I'm going to go to the depths of the sea to take away your credibility)
4	Upscale food and wine shopping and lovely patio dining. Attracts out of area patrons for their unique ambiance. Be sure to try it when you're in Belmont.
4	What a great place, a market with beautiful fish, meat, huge wine and beer selection.  Grabbed takeout- go for the duck fries! The fried green tomato on the BLT was a great edition. Great atmosphere. Would definitely try again.
5	Take a bar, a butchery shop, a wine shop, and a sandwich restaurant.   Shake, but don't stir.  Add some delectable appetizers, nice southern hospitality and a great patio, and what do you get?  The String Bean.Inside dining is for about 50, with tables either by the bar or amidst the isles of specialty beers and wine.  Right behind the reception desk is the butcher case, where you can purchase the same meats the restaurant uses for their burgers and sandwiches, or some seafood (also on the menu).One of those meats they use in their burger is the "cow-pig".  Smoked bacon ground into beef.   Yum!Most of the meals are at $12 or less,  with appetizers and sandwiches less than $10.  I guess their daily catch might be more,  but the menu seems a pretty decent value.
5	Fantastic find. When you walk in the front door the butcher case greets you. That set the bar pretty high as everything in the case looked great. We were seated promptly by the gentleman who came from behind the case. Our waitress Bonita and waitress in training Carli were not only friendly but informative. We had quite a few questions, as we usually do and the staff didn't mind at all. I wanted a burger that wasn't on the menu. Not a problem. I got exactly what I wanted done to a perfect medium. We had the eggrolls for an appetizer, they were ridiculously good. By the time we left at about 12:45 the line was out the door. Its no wonder, if I lived nearby I'd be a regular in no time. Oh and don't miss the duck fat fries.
1	Service: please take a moment to understand you customer to in turn serve them well... I will always take care of you but tonight (tues evening) everyone seemed too busy to educate understand and bring me apprised as a first time guest at the string bean... Although... Second chance is scheduled... Wine dear! Hoping for the best! Giving ya a solid... I will always buy wine here in Belmont!
4	I had lunch here today with some coworkers. None of us had been before and we were all pleasantly suprised. It was a beautiful day to sit on the patio, which is really nice.  I had the habenero broccoli soup to start and it was amazing.  Then I had the bf&b sandwich with their house made chips. The sandwich was good,  though the jam on it was really heavy on the ginger.. just not my thing,  not a knock on their food. The chips were good but not as good as some places I've been.  A few tables got the tater top app and it looked amazing.  I would also like to try the deviled eggs next time.  Last, the beer list looked amazing and I want to go back again when I can actually have one!  :-)
5	I really like this place. Excellent wine and beer menu. Great burgers (I had the bison!) and quick attentive service even when busy. Worth getting off the highway if you are looking for a great stop.
1	We have been going regularly but after how we were treated the last time we were there we will not be back. We made reservations as we were taking some first-timers. When we arrived we were told that the wait would be 45 minutes and when we asked what about our reservation the hostess very rudely told us that she told us something very different (even though we saw our name on her sheet on the top of the list). The manager was standing next to her and didn't even apologize for how we were treated. We left and went to the steakhouse and were welcomed there. Rude! Rude! Rude!!!!
4	The Bean has been my go to spot since it opened. They do some things really well- wine, beer, pimento cheese-  I'm passionate about all these. Vegetarians beware: their soups, even when they sound like veggie soups, are usually chicken broth based. Huge disappointment because I love a good soup. Also, sometimes they make their hummus with meat. Bizarre. The good news is, they have one of the best veggie burgers I've ever had, and their specials are never disappointing.
4	Good creative southern dishes. I really enjoyed the Southern Reuben with sweet potato fries.
5	Great atmosphere, food, beer selection, and service! We went for the first time last night with some family from out of state, and we all loved this place. Love the little market area up front with whole bean coffee, beer, and some misc goodies. The food was wonderful. We split the fried pickles and duck fat fries as an appetizer. The pickles were huge slices of what tasted like homemade pickles. The fries were so flavorful and a great presentation in the fry basket with dipping sauces. As a meal, I got the Cuban sandwich with pasta salad. The sandwich was huge and i only hate half. It definitely wasn't an authentic Cuban, but was delicious nonetheless. :) We loved the beer selection and everyone went home full and happy. Great service to top it off. Will return!
5	Gonna start with the fact that I had some issues with service the first time I came here. The owner sought me out and invited me back for another try. I let some time pass and came back. I was pleasantly surprised at how quickly we were taken care of and how great the food was. Definitely a gem of a place to eat in Belmont ! Great selection of wines and beers. The steaks and seafood they sell out of the butcher shop are of the best quality !
