5	Very prompt, very courteous, wonderful customer service. If you have to call a plumber on a Sunday, you couldn't get better than this company.
5	What a great company to deal with. We were without water and called All Hours Plumbing to help determine the cause of the problem. Brett came out and quickly realized that the error was caused by another plumbing company who had mistakenly cut our water off when working on another home in the neighborhood. I planned to call the other plumbing company to try and get a refund. Before I was able to do so, Brett took the initiative to call and collect payment from the other plumbing company. I was very impressed, we will be using All Hours for all future plumbing needs.
5	We all know that there are certain phone calls that just get our palms all sweaty and make our heart race like the episode of The Wonder Years when Kevin Arnold spent the entire show trying to muster up the courage to call Lisa Berlini (yes, I know I am dating myself but man that was an awesome show, but I digress LOL).  One of those types of calls is when we begin the search for a plumber as often times we make that phone call at a time when we have very little leverage and are almost to the point of desperation, so we are almost over a barrel before we even begin, so often times without a personal reference, we are often left to cross our fingers and simply hope for the best...but thankfully with the assistance of Yelp, I was able to find All Hours Plumbing and all I can say is WOW, as the 5-star reviews were definitely 100% spot-on and I am so thankful that I found these guys!From start to finish, Brett was great to work with.  He took the time to walk me through the issue and didn't do it in a condescending fashion like many others do.  He actually was very patient, friendly, personable, and most of all HONEST!  He explained to me in a clear and easy to understand fashion what the issue was, how long it would take to fix, and what the cost would be.  He was very flexible with regard to scheduling and didn't give me any of those silly 4hr windows like the cable company does.  He was there on-time when he said he was going to be there and he completed the work on schedule and then took the time to walk me through everything from start to finish and told me to give him a call if I had any questions.  There were no hidden charges, no double talk, nothing like that, just good old fashioned superior customer service backed by expertise and a written guarantee of his work along with being an overall great value, as the quality of work, flexibility in scheduling and total cost was nothing short of amazing.It is rare in this day and age to find a service provider who truly takes pride in his work, but Brett at All Hours Plumbing is a true professional in every sense of the word and while I don't give out 5-star reviews very often, this one is definitely well earned.  I would definitely recommend All Hours Plumbing to anyone is looking for a plumber and doesn't know where to turn.  Welcome to the 5-star club!
5	After running errands on Sunday, we came home to hear this drilling noise coming from the other side of one of our walls. The water heater's pressure and temperature valve was spinning like Linda Blair's head and draining a good amount of water. After calling a few plumbers via Angie's List or Google and Yelp!, we found two services that weren't closed and who we were able to leave messages for. This guy was the first to call back (yay Yelp!) and it wasn't too long after leaving the voicemail. He was able to diagnose the potential problem over the phone and give me an estimate. He was able to get to our place within the hour. After checking things out, he found the main problem to be more than the valve (water pressure from the house was dangerously high). He had no problem walking my husband and I through what he was doing or explaining things we didn't understand. He gave us an updated estimate on the spot before needing to run to Lowe's to pick up some extra parts he needed for the job. I can't recommend this company strongly enough. The customer service was excellent. The work was thorough, done in a timely manner, and appears to be well done. For a day when it appeared that finding an open plumber was not going to happen, we ended up finding a fantastic company. We allowed them to put a sticker on out water heater so now we'll never lose their number.
5	I have used All Hours Plumbing twice in the last six months for a broken water pipe in my front yard. Brett came out and checked the pipe with 2 hrs of my call. The cost for both repairs were reasonable and I was given the appropriate information up front. You can pay by credit card and they email your receipt, which is a plus. I would use them again, but I'm hoping I won't have to.
5	All Hours Plumbing saved my weekend. 2 broken toilets and a broken disposal the day after Thanksgiving!  Yikes!  Very courteous on the phone and had the guys out within hours. They even had to run out and get a part. Reasonable rates and very professional. They will be the top of my list to call for plumbing next time.
5	I had a kitchen sink leak and another leak in my yard; Bret and the crew came to my rescue again. I even got a repeat customer discount. This company is trustworthy and does great work.
5	Wonderful, Wonderful, Wonderful! The guys were here on time, did excellent work and were reasonably priced. Would use these guys again. Highly recommended.
5	Very professional crew. They did an excellent job today for what I thought was a complicated job. They ran a new line for my kitchen sink drain because I broke the line while I was fixing a clog. The original line was behind my kitchen wall and they drilled a new hole under my kitchen cabinet to run the new drain. They gave me up front pricing and did more than what they initially told me but did not add on to the price. They are also very respectful of your property and cleaned up after the job. I highly recommend this company.  I will definitely use them again.
5	Had a water leak in my yard repaired on 7/12/14. I'll admit that I'm the type that's skeptical of using smaller shops. The big guys have to be better right? That's why they're the big guys. In this case I'm glad I went against that thinking. Service was quick, friendly, and I felt the price for the job was fair. Hopefully I won't need them again but if I do they're getting my business.
5	Great guy. Fast service.  Although he can't fix my problem because is irrigation but he did give me good input and advice.
