5	I am really satisfied with the service I received on my car and they charged me a very fair price and finish the work really fast.The owner I a very sweet man and all the staff was always very professional. I would recommend this business to everyone because I know anyone will be very pleased with the results as I am.I added the before and after photos of my car to this page the black RR is mine).
5	I was incredibly impressed with the treatment and level of professionalism that the staff embodies at Metropolitan Auto Body.My car was hit in the rear taillight and required that the light be replaced, and I later found out, the bumper as well. When I called Metro Auto Body, they returned my phone call the next day. While I was out of town, they asked me to simply send pictures so they could start giving me an estimate based on what they saw. I brought the car to them on a Monday and needed to leave town by Thursday morning. They said that it would be a challenge, but they would try their best. The staff was friendly and made sure that I received my rental car on time. They helped me unload my car and reload it into the rental! Even after discovering that there was more damage than initially anticipated, they still pushed to finish it on time. When I got my car back on that tight deadline, it was detailed, the oil was changed and the work looked incredible.I can't thank them enough for helping me get in and out so I could get to work. They are a wonderful team that really works hard to meet the needs of their customers (that includes making sure that I had enough coffee to drink while I waited).
5	Excellent and friendly service from day 1(Jorge and Ledi inparticular). The owner was also very nice and personable. He even gave me a ride to school the day I dropped off my car for repair (which btw was something my own insurance would not offer me). They finished the repairs in a timely manner and when I noticed the spoiler was loose (by the way this was not an area that would have been affected by the repairs) they offered to fix it right then and there for no extra charge. This shop definitely goes the extra mile for their customers. If I need any future repairs I will definitely be taking the vehicle to this shop.
5	I couldn't agree more with all of the other reviewers.  And, because of all of the other reviewers, especially Sonila B. and Misti Y. I took my baby here.  Granted, my car is old...not even in this century old...try sweet 16 years old (1995 Miata) but I've had her for 13 years and she runs like a champ.  Therefore, I didn't want to spend a ton of money on her given she's only worth about $5k.  But I still want her to look nice.  Forgive me if I speak of my '95 Miata affectionately but she's a big part of my life :-P.  Metropolitan did exactly what I had asked them to do, give her a nose job (front bumper paint).  Even though she has some minor nose flaws (front bumper damage), I just wanted to get her a little makeup (paint).  Another plus to the story, Metropolitan gave me a good discount because I paid cash.  My baby looks great!  She was even detailed, outside AND inside!  All of the work was done from a Tuesday morning through a Friday afternoon.The owner and staff were friendly, professional, and easy to work with.  Nobody tried to push me around; with that, I mean upsell me, which is something I really despise unless done with a certain tact.  Everything was done right.  The color is a perfect match.Now for all of you Yelpers who are going to be looking for Metropolitan, let me help you with directions.  Once you are on Highland Drive, look for various large red buildings.  Obviously you turn into the one that is marked #2901.  Drive straight back through the gravel driveway.  Look for the building labeled 2.  That's where they are.I hope this review has helped many of you out!  And with all of the above said, I'll definitely do business with Metropolitan Auto Body & Paint again.
5	Getting into an accident is extremely stressful but the guys here at Metro made things easy for me.  In June I chose this shop based on the good reviews and these people were right.  Not only was the staff super friendly and accomodating (especially George) but they gave me a super duper deal on other minor body work that was not covered by the insurance company.  Not to mention my truck looked better then before I got into the accident.  The only problem I did have was that my truck took a little long to get fixed.  However, it was an insurnance claim which may have been some of the reason.  So why did it take me this long to do a review?  Well my other half decided to wreck my truck yesterday...so her we go again.  Hopefully I have the same great service I got last time.
3	I decided to take my car here for repairs after someone hit my car at my work parking lot and I have to say they did a nice job with the paint, replacing my front bumper, and headlamps, however, once I turned on my lights my high beams come on.  I called and was told to come by so George can take a look at it, so I did.  He said he has to call the insurance company to get an approval for payment for the part.  Well a few days come by and still I didn't hear from them so I called to follow up and he says that I have to go to the dealer to get a letter saying that it happened from the accident.  What the heck is that?  They couldn't call me when they heard from the insurance or did they just come up with an excuse.  My high beams never were broken after the accident in the first place so I don't know what happened.  I'm sure that they should've checked if everything was working before I went to pick it up.Now when I drive at night with my lights on, people think I'm high beaming them so they high beam me...what am I supposed to?  The only nice thing is that they were able to take care of the minor scratches on my car.
5	I seriously cannot recommend these guys enough. They are incredible! I got into a minor accident which damaged my headlight. I bought the part myself online to cut costs. Once that came in, I looked around for a shop. Every place wanted $700 just to install it! After some hard core googling, I came across Metropolitan Auto Body. They have a system on their website where you can send them pictures of your damages and they'll give you a call and quote you. They only charged me $150 to install the new light, fix my bumper, fix the crack body under the hood, and cover up the chipped paint. They were all INCREDIBLY nice and very professional. I definitely recommend seeing them!
4	Tony and the whole staff at Metropolitan are very kind and professional! They fixed a rear panel dent on my Honda Civic in one afternoon, and it looks like new. Prices were reasonable and service was excellent! I would recommend MAB&P to anyone looking for an honest shop, fair treatment, and friendly service. AAA+++
5	Finally, an honest body shop. These guys were professional and the quality of the work was superb. Gave me a great deal on a window replacement and body repair. You honestly shouldn't go anywhere else with these guys, I saved over 300 bucks, they even gave a YELP DISCOUNT!
3	I stop by to get my car back bumper estimated since some idiot has hit my car and run. The estimator come back with a $3000 estimate. Unbeliavable. I mean, if I have insurance that will cover it sure, yah. Paint my whole car, I dont care. But, only a back bumper and they said, the whole side panel gotta be replaced. Sorry man,  I dont have $3000 to spend on my 1999 car. If you get hit and its not your fault maybe this is the place you want to go. But, if its come out of your own pocket. Stay away. This is a very pricey body shop!
5	I have been a customer of Metropolitan Auto Body for several years and have used them on multiple occasions. I was referred to them thru a friend that had also used them in the past. Prior to using them I had used 2 different body shops for minor work and while I was satisfied with the work, I am big on customer service. This is where the staff at Metropolitan come into play, from the ladies that greet you when you walk in to the guys that write up your estimate to the guys that do the actual work on your car. Seriously, in today's day and age of mediocre customer service (when you are lucky) Metropolitan Auto Body's staff could literally write a book on it. Quality of their work is simply unmatched as well. After a minor fender bender that involved my 2010 Chevy Tahoe, they were able to repair the rear fender (without replacing it) and match the paint (a 3 coat process) which was called Pearl White. After getting my truck back only 3 days later, you would NEVER had known the car was in an accident. I was simply amazed!There is no question that they are my body shop for as long as I live in Vegas!!Thanks to Tony and the entire staff!!!
5	As good as it gets. Good Customer Service, Great Price and  the workmanship is excellent.Scraped the back quarter on a concrete pillar and put a small dent in our bumper. Car had done  less than 3000 miles. what can i say, we were living in San Francisco, had a tight car space and were in a rush to get our move to LV underway.I dropped the car in on Monday, picked up Friday. Bumper and Side are perfect. Paint matched perfect. Excellent.Jorge & John, great guys who run a good shop.
5	Got in a wreck on the way home from work on the 15.  An unfortunate circumstance that happens to everyone some time or another.Metropolitan Auto Body was close by, which was lucky for me.  My car was pretty smashed up, barely drivable and hardly making it there.  The front end was just destroyed.From the moment I initially called them, up to the time I picked up my car, service was top notch.  More so than any automotive place I have been to.  Their staff is beyond exceptional with customer service.Then there is the matter of the work done to my car itself.  Nothing short of stunning.  I have had body work done before, but never so flawlessly.  Clean, detailed, and fresh.  It was as if I gave them my old car and recieved a brand new one of the same make and model in return.If there is a title for most professional Autobody shop in Vegas - this is the one to beat, and you will have a hard time finding worthy contenders.
5	I came in just before 4:00 pm on a Monday afternoon to have my front bumper fixed. It's hanging loosely for quite sometime now & needed a minor repair. I was greeted by a friendly and a smiling front desk personnel and asked the reason for my visit. After exchanging some info and filling out a form, I was introduced to Brent. Brent immediately asked about my concerns & after a brief assessment to my astonishment said: "I can fix this right now!" I was totally shock! Being Monday and possibly a busy time for them, I didn't think they'll accommodate me right away. After waiting for just a short time, he came back & everything looks just the way it's suppose to be! I keep on telling him he's just "Awesome" to take his time & fix it for me. He didn't even charge me for it! What a wonderful man & what a great service this company provides. I totally recommend this place for anyone who needs body repair for their vehicles. This place just gives an extra touch to the customers which is rarely seen now a days. Keep up the good work guys!You got my 2 thumbs up!And Thank You Brent for saving my bumper! :D
5	Absolutely pleased with this company's labor. Definitely went above and beyond to meet my expectations. My car looks flawless like if nothing ever happened. Friendly staff and constantly call you to update you on the status of your car. Thank metropolitan bodyshop! And thanks for getting the racing stripe done!
1	These people were horrible when it came to customer Service.i had a woman call me back and gave me an estimate after I sent an email, days later another woman called me saying that the estimate I was given is no longer valid since the previous woman was fired. Honestly that issue had nothing to do with me and I don't want to hear it. I have three cars I needed to get painted and I tried to schedule a time to meet up with them and they would not work with me. I told them I could not see them Monday through Friday because of work. They would not schedule a time with me past 5pm or Saturdays. I really do not understand people. Do they not want business?  I gave up trying and had to go elsewhere. Sometimes you get nowhere with people...
5	This place is AMAZING!!I went into to Metropolitan Auto Body expecting it to be like all auto body shops (overpriced and bad service). However, this was completely NOT the case! I was greeted by Tony, who looked at my car and gave me a really reasonably-priced quote for the work I wanted done. Tony, and the entire Metro team, was attentive, responsive, and really worked with me to keep my repair costs done. In the end, my car looked fabulous!! I could not have asked for a better repair job.I would highly recommend going to Metropolitan Auto Body for ANY repair work you need. I plan to return for any future auto body work that I need. I am one happy customer! :)
5	I had to go to Metropolitan because a lady hit my BMW. All I can say is wow. The customer service was better than any store I've been to. They had a quick turnaround and the car looked brand new with a very detailed wash. I was actually surprised by how quick they fixed my front end and how great of a product they gave me. The paint was impeccable. They also worked with my high deductible. I will hands down come back here if I ever need work done on my cars.
1	I'm downgrading Metropolitan Autobody because of their outrageous prices to fix a tiny dent in a car door.  I previously had substantial damage done to my bumper 2 times and had the dents/scratches around my entire car done for less than $500 but now they want to charge over $500 for 1 single dent?!?  Are you effing kidding me?  I wrote to them asking why it would cost so much when I've had much more serious damage repaired (by them) for less than what I was just quoted and my husband had a ton of cosmetic repairs done to his other car at the dealership that cost $500 exactly.  The guy Scott told me to call him so he could explain the repair bill and all he did was restate what was on the estimate.  Yeah thanks, I can read that myself.  He said that because they have to take the door off from inside of the car to get the dent out, then that is why it costs so much.  Well it sure as hell doesn't cost more than $400 worth of work to take the inside of a door off especially since they don't even need to do that and could pop it out with a plunger.  And I didn't need him to waste my time by having me call in so that he could read me the estimate over the phone.  This place is a joke now.
3	I'm giving an upgrade because after I removed my previous glowing review and complained about the estimate for my newest dent, someone from Metropolitan called and left me a message willing to work on the price with me.  I didn't call back because I had already shopped around and found a mobile dent repair service called The Dent Guys and got an estimate for $85.  It ended up being $125 because the dent was bigger and more dented in than I described on the phone.  I'd probably be willing to give Metropolitan another chance but I'm much more suspicious now.
5	After driving around with a couple dents for too long, I kept getting solicited in parking lots by guys wanting to repair my 'fender benders'. Seriously no less than 10 times in a year. LOL. Although being solicited in a parking lot is kinda scary, I was reminded regularly that I should get this addressed. I was referred to Metro by a friend, and I didn't really want to make time to shop quotes, so I trusted the referral. The work was quality and was actually completed earlier than quoted and price was reasonable. The downside for me was that I traded the CRV in a few weeks later for a new Acura, so it was money that I probably didn't have to part with. LOL.
5	Professional service with a great attitude. These guys rule.
5	It should be noted I initially had a bad experience with Metro Paint.  I had 3 items done to my car, and ultimately only one 1 of them was done to my satisfaction.I had Metro mount a spoiler, delete the third brake light on my trunk and remount the side skirts as there were bad gaps towards the back wheel wells.  The side skirts never fit correctly as I was promised (in fact the first time I went to pick up my car, they were put on backwards, which they didn't realize and had to scurry to fix) and very recently the spoiler became unattached.Thank you new ownership!  Charles (the new owner) is an ace.  He saw my original review conveying my dissatisfaction regarding the work and contacted me quickly hoping to remedy my experience.  Being that the wing was partially unmounted from the trunk, but still wired for the brake light, my car was not really drivable. Charles came to my house to assess what had happened and see what can be done.From there he set up a plan to take care of the tasks where the previous crew had failed.  We secured the wing well enough to get the car to the shop the next day.  By the end of the day, my wing was secured and guaranteed not to come unattached again (this time the bolts were thread locked, something that wasn't done originally) and the side skirts so much better all around.Further, Metro went as far to detail my car inside and out.  My car went in to fix a few items and she came out looking like a show car.  Something that was definitely above and beyond that was required.Going forward I have a few items that I still will want for my car.  Charles and I went over everything and he worked an estimate that is a great deal and provided a copy for me so I can come back and get the work done at my convenience.  I was also shown around the new facility and pretty well educated on the process.My opinion of Metro Auto Body & Paint has done a complete 180.  I am now very satisfied with all the work and can't wait to get the rest of the work on my car done!  I absolutely recommend anyone who needs paint or repairs, that they talk to Charles.
5	I am a pretty skeptical guy.  My girlfriend's car needed a little repair.  She accidentally backed up into a concrete wall in our parking garage.  So I took the car to 5 different shops looking for the right place to do the worked needed.  After getting written quotes from each of the shops I new who would get the work.  The work went to Metro.  They provided the most comprehensive and competitive quote on the job and the cost.  In the end the Rx350 was returned to its pre-collision condition, the guys at Metro managed my expectations well along the way and the girlfriend is happy...  You can go to these guys with a high level of confidence they will do what's best for you.
5	Had to give Metropolitan a 5. When my baby, 2011 Nissan Versa (posted a photo as well), was injured I took her to metropolitan the same day, called ahead and upon arrival they had a rental car waiting for me. The customer service is exceptional, and they went above and beyond to fix any damage done to my baby. While my car was in the shop, I learned other services they offered and got my car PlastiDipped after all the repairs were complete. I will recommend this place for any auto body damage, or just any auto body work and customization. I recommend speaking to Charlie. He knows what he's talking about.
4	I always worry about if an auto body shop/auto mechanic place is going to end up meeting my expectations and do a good job.I was rear-ended on the 95 a couple weeks ago, and when looking for a place to fix up my car, I looked on Yelp for reviews. Found Metro Auto Body & Paint was one of the few shops with a lot of reviews, and many of them good. I decided to go over there and have them take pictures and quotes. There was a small mix up in communication about the pictures that were taken of my car the first time, so I had to go back a second time. But once these guys got it sorted out, my car went in on a Tuesday, and was out Friday of the same week. After hearing stories from my friends of other shops taking two weeks to two months to get their cars fixed, I was very happy to be back on the road in less than a week! Thanks Metro Auto : )
5	On February 27th, I let my younger sister Ariel drive my girl (truck) to school. Sadly for me and my girl it was raining outside. Due to the lack of her driving experience, she caused a major accident on Oakey & Rainbow. It caused major damages to my girl. Luckily for us, one of the other drivers involved in the accident recommended me to Metropolitan Auto Body. I called and they arranged a tow truck and rental car to come & get me out of there. Upon arrival, the rental car was there and I got to meet the manager who gave an estimate quote. After 4 days of them working on the front of my girl, I got my girl back looking like new. They also helped me adding two more fog lights. I would like to thank everyone at Metropolitan Auto Body for helping us through this stressful time... THANK YOU!
5	I came here first for a quote and then went down the street to a competitor. The quotes were neck and neck so I went with my gut feeling and took my car into Metropolitan. The people at Metropolitan were good humored and gave service with a smile. My car looked perfect when it was done and has a lifetime guarantee on the work. I'd recommend this place on Yelp and to all my friends and clients that just go by word of mouth. The repair took a solid 4 days but they had a daily update emailed to me which I thought was a nice touch.
5	1.  Everyone here (from office to the floor) is very professional and easy to work with.2.  I have never seen a company take Yelp reviews more seriously than this place.  They have truly earned their high rating.3.  The tech (Jimmy) was very professional, introduced himself before the repair (rare) and explained everything I needed to know.
5	They were extremely helpful.  Jimmy worked on my car.  I felt very comfortable with his analysis of what needed to be fixed.  Even gave me a discount on the labor for being in the military! He supported me and I support them! Thank you MAB&P!
5	My wife smashed the front end of our car; Metropolitan Auto Body made it look like new (will post before and after photos). But that's the least of it. I've never experienced such service and communication from an auto-body shop. They truly held our hands every step of the way and were our advocate with the insurance company. For example, did you know you can choose your own shop (the insurance company can't make you go where they want or force you to get multiple estimates)?The estimator at Metropolitan (I forget his name), worked directly with our insurance company and explained to us how he was making sure we got everything completely taken care of without cutting corners. I just felt like I didn't have to worry about anything in their hands. So reassuring in this world where it's so easy to get taken.  I can't say enough good things about these guys. Great work, clean shop, polite friendly service and, as I said, they take care of you. The next time the wife (or me!) smashes up the car, there is no question where I'll go!
5	Absolutely pleased with this company's labor. Definitely went above and beyond to meet my expectations. My car looks flawless like if nothing ever happened. Friendly staff and constantly call you to update you on the status of your car. Thank metropolitan bodyshop! And thanks for getting the racing stripe done!
5	My front right tire and axel came off my car after my girlfriend accidentally ran over a curb. I pulled up Yelp and looked for the best rated auto body shops in the area. Metropolitan Auto Body was the top result. With over 25 - 5 star ratings I figured this would be the best choice and I wasn't disappointed. From the friendly staff to the constant communication in regards to my vehicle status updates and timelines of when I could expect to get it back, I was put at ease. Car repairs are not a fun thing to have to deal with, especially when an insurance company is involved. I got my car back and it was better than before. I really appreciate Charlie, the General Manager, and the rest of the team at Metropolitan Auto Body for making my experience a great one. I definitely recommend this company to anyone who needs any auto repairs. The have a pretty awesome shop that can do it all.
5	I came in to fix my passenger mirror. I called 5 other places and got quotes for $200 - $300 for a non-heated mirror. The labor on this job is only 30 minutes. Thank God I found this place! These people were genuine and fixed my mirror for under $100. Not only did they fix my mirror, but they got all that adhesive mess off my car. (Long story short I ducted taped my mirror for months and there was a bunch of glue leftover.) Moral of the story is, "Want your car to look the way it did without paying an unreasonable price? Then go here." These professionals genuinely want to help you.
5	I was recently in an accident and had my entire back end of my 2014 Mazda 6  smashed in by an uninsured driver. Initially my insurance wanted me to take it to one of their places but I was not impressed with what they had on YELP for all of the locations. I started doing my own research and I found Metropolitan Auto.  I was skeptical at first that they could make my car look the way it was.  They had my car for around 10 days due to the extent of the damage. When I got my car back it was perfect. I have had my car back now for a week and it runs and looks perfect. They did a fantastic job and would recommend them to anyone. **the only issue I had was there was some light scratches on the brake light. Not sure its from the accident or from the shop** All in all I would def recommend this place and take my car back.Oh - and Mac was great. He did an amazing job with my insurance and my car THANKS MAC!
5	These guys have repaired 2 of my vehicles now.  They do really good work and are reasonably priced.  I just had my lease inspected by Ford before I turned it in.  They estimated $100 for a scratch. I stopped by Metropolitan to see if they could do something.  They buffed it out for nothing.  Awesome customer service!  I've definitely found my Las Vegas body shop.  Thanks guys.
5	I had a out of pocket repair and the final bill came in $500 under the quoted price. Wow!!!! Metropolitan is a great shop with the best customer service in town. They price match and are a class A shop. Quick turn around and a great product!!!! I am now a customer for life.
5	Friendly and informative people. They did a great job fixing and buffing out my car. I wouldn't hesitate bringing back my car for any future repairs or maintenance.
1	I'm not a person who wastes time on putting business on blast online but after experiencing this type of customer service I had to. Where the fuck do I even start?9/3/14: Got rear-ended by some lady.9/12/14: Estimator said it'll take 2 days of repair in total.9/16/14: Brought my car in for repairs. Asked when I can pick up? Answer I got was, "I don't even know, I'll call you." -by the lead estimator.9/17/14: Got an email saying the car will be out of the shop by 9/22/14. 9/22/14: No calls from shop, so I called in early morning asking when if it'll be ready by today. Girl on phone said yes, by 4pm. Comes in at 4pm, "Sorry, it won't be ready 'til tomorrow." You tell me now after I've returned my rental car and at your shop with no transportation. In reality, your shop should be the one paying for my car rentals since you did not contact the insurance company to tell them you'll be keeping my car in your shop for another 5 days. -I am a person with a lot of patience btw. I had to get car rentals for another day, no problem with that figured the shop will contact the lady's insurance to update them that they're keeping my car in the shop for another 5 days in total but they didn't do shit. In conclusion, I had to pay for the 5 days car rentals. It didn't feel right and so I spent the last 2 months trying to get a reimbursement for the rentals going back and forth trying to get the required documents to the insurance for the refund. Calls after calls and promises after promises, all talk but no actions. I'll just think of the rentals as a donation for your shop and hope you improve your customer service. Won't be coming here ever again. PS: Shop is lame as fuck for posting Yelp reviews all over the place.
1	Came here once for a quote to replace my rear bumper. Everything was going good. After getting a few quotes from 2 other places decided to go with this shop based on their reviews and price. Called Mac (estimator) back to see how long it would take for them to order me an oem bumper. Said he would call back and let me know. 3 days past still no call. Called them back and Jason (the guy answering phones) said he would have Mac give me a call back again. another 2 days and finally got a call back but only gave me an estimate on just paint not the bumper. Told him I wanted him to order me an oem bumper and get it painted he could not figure out the color of my car, said he would call me back. Waited a week for his call back. Nothing. This auto shop clearly does not want to do business so I'll take my business some where else.
1	Trust me, if I had the option to give a 0 star I would.What this shop needs is customer service and communication. My brother used this shop a couple times before so when I got in a car accident two months ago I decided to use this body shop. So when I dropped off the car, they said it should be done&out by the next week. Okay, sounds great. Week passes by, so I call and all that was said was that they were not finished yet and that I should call back in a couple days. I call again couple days later speaking to another guy, and he says they are still having trouble finding parts for my car and that they will call me back to update me in a couple days. Hearing different stories from different people. Rental car company decides to charge me an extra uncovered 200 because no one at the body shop called the rental car company to let them know that the car was still in body shop. Another week passes by and of course, no call or update. At this point I am beyond frustrated that I am the one that keeps having to call the body shop to get an update. So they finally said they found the parts *YEARS LATER* and that they will be finished by _____date. No call from them that day, so I called and of course no one knows what's going on with my car. Found out that they sent it to Honda to have the remaining whatever to be fixed because they couldn't do it. Like seriously? You couldn't have even called me to let me know what's going on? A phone call is NOT that hard. So about 1 1/2 months later I finally go in to pick up my car. And of course to no surprise at all, there is a chip in the new front bumper they replaced. When I showed Mac the chip he tried to brush it off. There was also yellow stains on my side mirrors that were not there before and was not coming off. He tried to brush that off too. He said I can bring my car in after my paint is done setting to fix that chip. I did. If I went with another body shop my car would have been done in the span of 1-2 weeks.Oh, and how cheesy is all the yelp reviews plastered all over inside the body shop/desk?Never coming back and will tell my other friends to stop coming here.Beware.
1	Incredibly disappointed. . The Yelp reviews I've seen on this page was the main reason I decided to go with them. They have them all over their shop and it seems like they are proud of all of the solid feedback. Let's hope this one makes their wall too.. because not everything is cherry with every customer. My 99 Ford Explorer had an overheating issue and a "Check Engine" light on. I wanted both taken care of. The initial quote for $1200 featured mostly tests and a few repairs.... end result? Still have Check Engine.. and vehicle is still leaking coolant and my car over heats. 2nd time around.... I get another bill for about $1500.00. WTF?! Instead I paid another $900+ for the other repairs... end result? Check Engine still on , vehicle is still leaking coolant and over heats. I went to the shop in hopes of finding a better solution since by this time, I could've just gotten a new vehicle and saved me the 2 grand. I understand it takes parts and labor to do the job... but when you drop $2,100 and NEITHER of your issues that you came in to fix are solved, that's absolute 100% BS. I wanted my money back or at least the job finished without me forking over another penny. And the main mechanic had the nerve to say "I actually LOST money on your car" and "It doesn't benefit me to suggest you a new car, it benefits me if i repair it". Well looks like it's both of us... because I did NOT get my money's worth and the money apparently went in to thin air since you didn't "make money on my car".The mechanic, Jimmy, called me and suggested he offer me a "steep discount" .. which was he quote on quote "$500.00 ... and you have to get other things done too" Yeah, no. I will say that Jimmy offered me a ride to work and home for the duration my car was in the shop. I genuinely appreciate that service but unfortunately, my car is actually in worst shape and I basically feel like I just gave this company money and left with absolutely NOTHING. This is my first 1 star review so you can imagine out of my 17 reviews I've done, how agitated it took for me to write this one and give them the worst rating. Still annoyed every time I drive my car and realize what could have been if I just went with another company .. or just purchased a new car.
5	[ 07 Mitsubishi Eclipse Gt ] These guys are the best, the staff here is very inviting and extremely nice, they actually care for you unlike many other body shops here in Vegas. Because they actually helped me save money and suggested routes and what kits and accessories I should add to make it look more aggressive. I'm very pleased to do business with these guys they made my car look above and beyond amazing. I suggest if anyone ever wants their car done right you should check these guys out.
5	I recently brought my vehicle in for a paint job and a bumper repair due to a recent accident. The team at this facility including the owner were extremely helpful and knowledgeable. The whole process was seamless due to them. I felt no pressure at all and even had them complete additional work that was unplanned because I believed in their work just from the initial impression and dealing I had with them. They were organized, efficient,  and the communication was excellent. The work was some of the best I have seen period and I plan to bring in more vehicles to be worked on in the future. They even were able to direct me to other vehicle services such as rim repair and rechroming for my car and organized that repair as well while my car was in the process of being painted. This allowed me to maximize my time and helped out tremendously. They even were able to help me secure a great price for other repairs without making a dime off the transaction. The owner explained to me in detail about all of the new state of the art paint machines they use and explained to me why they are rated as a CLASS A facility. I recently picked up my vehicle and was amazed at the end result. I hope other facilties follow their lead in workmanship, customer service, cleanliness, accountability, and integrity.
