3	Ooh Z Pizza, I really really want to love you but you forgot one of the most important features of my dinner!Last Friday my boyfriend and I had a date night which included ordering in and watching the Olympics!  We ordered a pepperoni pizza for him and a California salad with chicken for myself.  I loved that we could order on line and choose our pick up time.  When I got to Z Pizza they promptly took our pizza out of what appeared to be a warming oven and then took my salad out of the fridge.  I really hope they hadn't been warming since I sent the order over an hour before.  I got home and was VERY disappointed that they forgot to add the grilled Chicken to my salad.  I think it was something like a $4 up charge to add the grilled chicken and there was definitely NO chicken on my salad.  BOO!As for the pizza, my boyfriend enjoyed and commented that it definitely had its own unique flavor.  I anticipate that we may return but I guess I will have to check my salad before I drive home...
4	I volunteered myself to help the new boss from Dallas move his mattresses from storage to his new home by buying a truck 4 years ago. FNG.I had put in a few hours at work, and started to get that grumpiness that can only mean that it is time for a bite. You see without food the grumpiness evolves into rash hostility and I decided it was far too soon to pummel my new boss with his own queen sized pillow top mattress.I decided to finally try Z-Pizza as it is right down the street. I ordered a slice, a salad and a soda, while chuckling at the aliteration.The girl working the counter had that first job perkiness to her which was enjoyable. She really seemed to hope that I enjoyed my first trip.The pizza was tasty, thin crust healthyish style. I was a little sad that I had to wait for my salad while I had my pizza, because I planned to eat the salad first making sure the last taste I left with was delicious pizza, but as it turned out the pear and garganzola salad was the highlight of the meal. The walnuts were not over candied, the pears were fresh and ripe, it was perfect for taking away the grumps.I did not throw mattresses.
4	Z'ees ez not ze bad pizza no?  Ok I'll can the crap and add a  warm fuzzy feeling to this place.   Firstly the  dough is thin, not the brittle kind of thin that practically snaps  in two cleanly that the Pizza hut, Dominos give you , there's more twist and cushioning there but I don't think my experiments stress testing a pizza will help you make a choice.  The reviews on the Tuesday  2 x deal.  They are not as fast as most of the other choices , there is no delivery charge though the pizza is about a delivery charge more expensive ( TANSTAAFL) it's more than made up for in the quality of ingredients and size.    These guys are now our goto  Tuesday night pizza.     Online Ordering  is available and  quite frankly we've been eating from the "big 3" and the locals now of  five years . A change is good, a good change is much better:)
5	After checkin out my fave NY&Co in AZ @ the ghetto fab Metro Center, I have a lil time before I hafta get to my next location & am starving.  Lookin for something quick & easy, I initially intend to go to Subway.  Then I see Z Pizza a few doors down & decide to check out the menu.  They had a pretty extensive menu with salads, pastas, & sandwiches offering something for everyone.  Instantly, I'm persuaded to order the $5.95 special--2 slices of pre-made pizza & a fountain drink.  Looking @ my choices in the warmer, the pizzas had just come outta the oven, so I figure the special is a decent choice.  I go with 2 slices of the napoli with fresh tomatoes, basil & mozzarella.  It was fantastic!!!  Location is nice too.  If you're in the mood for dessert, there's a coldstone, smoothie place, & starbux within walking distance.
3	Fallen from 4 to 3    but the  delivery service is 25/75% on getting the sauces we order included,   NBD?   well it is if your reaction to tomato is less than  a happy one.Delivery taking 50mins from order (2miles)   Pick up  order wasn't even made  with advance notice when we decided to avoid   that  problem and just go get it ourselves. Still  tastes  great just inconsistent  service
2	Ok  they really  blew it tonight:  20 mins on hold, had to hang up to call back. First they are out of the pesto sauce,   no  Mediterranean pizza.once more they  forget the sauce  on the bread sticks for the 3rd time in   orders.      I don't  get how they can crap away  what they have by this  lack of attention to detail. ( Have since been contacted by them to try and work it out.   Seems x2 Tuesdays is way popular. )    Will post appropriate updates
2	Spoke with the owner with regards to our issues and we had a trial  run of   deliveries. First one used my name ( now known to the place sadly)  and was quick  and correct.  Ah but my other half thought it was TOO good so ordered with her name later in the week and .. yep back to usual missing items we'd paid for.    In short  we're through.     I have some empathy for the nature of their business and offer   of x 2 Tuesdays causing some timing / service issues but in the end  I don't want this to reflect on any of their other stores. Just this one and just at this time. Wake me up when they start to  deliver on their promise.
5	I heart ZWe have been here 2 times. Each time was excellent. Food = 10Service = 10Go there!
4	Six months have elapsed and I have to say that I'm glad to say things have gotten far better at this location. We've ordered weekly for the past month and the Items are ready  when they say they will be, the ingredients are still top notch and more importantly present on the pizza:)  2 x Tuesday deal is a steal but you are going to wait way longer than it would take you to drive down from anywhere in the delivery area:)  This , once again, looks like the start of a tasty relationship. :)
4	It's hard not to write a good review of a place when you order one pizza and end up with two.  Both being about twenty times the size you thought that they would be.  Wow, that two for one special they have really rocks.The pizza itself is definitely of higher quality than a lot of other places I've been around herein the Valley.  The cheese melted properly so that it doesn't slide off the second you bite into it.  The toppings all taste fresh, not like they were sitting in a cooler for the past week.  The pepperoni is a bit greasy but, if you're ordering pepperoni, you're not allowed to complain about that.Give it a try.  It's good quality and you don't feel like you're harming your body by eating it.
4	Best pizza I've tasted in Arizona - hands down and I'm from Jersey. We know good pizza!It's healthy, has organic ingredients, and the staff at this location is friendly and efficient.Can't beat the buy one, get one pizza deal on Tuesdays, guys!OMG, I'm going to go get some right now!
5	We tried the plain jane pep pie the other day. It was good but the speciality pizzas are the way to go. I sampled a slice with mushrooms and caramelized onion and OMG that was really good. The service is still top notch and the Tuesday specials are great.
5	I love this place.  Great pizza, great sandwiches, nice and friendly employees.  I've liked everything I've eaten here. I loved the tuna salad sandwich and the pollo latino sandwich and my friend enjoyed the curry chicken sandwich.  Also, their rustica pizzas are wonderful.In addition, they donated to my school for Red Ribbon Week.  Most businesses we asked said no or didn't respond, but they immediately helped us out.  I will definitely continue to patronize z pizza.
5	I've loved zpizza for a while now, but I just tried their provence and tuscan pizzas and they are amazing!
