4	Copenhagen runs a full-blown outlet next to their warehouse. If you want to go Danish modern / contemporary and save some cash, check it out. The space is big. There's usually a good mix of couches, bookcases, and rugs. The inventory is floor samples or returns. Condition ranges from needs-some-TLC to pristine. In my experience, sofas tend to be in the best shape. A few things: - I'm 99% sure it's closed on Sunday.- I've never seen any of the accessories or higher-end office furniture that they have in the Camelback showroom.- Copenhagen has a minimum delivery charge ($100, I believe). Buy multiple items or bribe a pickup-owning friend with lunch at Pepe's Taco Villa.- It might be hard to find in the Grand Avenue labyrinth of doom. Direct yourself to a point just southwest of the 43rd Ave. Home Depot, and you're in.
4	Oh yeah this place is way cool! Headed over here last week with mom and the sister. The thing that I liked the most was that it's a great mix of overstock and  discontinued items with scratch and dent. Each tag is clearly marked with why the item is in the outlet center - so if it was a floor model or return that has a ding, it tells you where to look. This can save you a lot of time if you are dealing with a really large peice.The day I was there, most of the stock consisted of kitchen tables, entertainment sectionals, office furniture, and end tables. In addition to the remarkable woods that we all associate with Copenhagen, there were a number of glass and stone peices which really stood out.The showroom is open from 9 to 6 on Monday through Saturday. The staff was very helpful, but not stalkish. And even though it was packed to the rafters with selections, there was room to manuever around, without that claustrophibic feeling that you can experience in some stores.Although they only had three sofas displayed during our visit, I will definately be stopping by this place often as we were told that stock changes frequently.If you are looking for higher quality furniture at rock bottom prices and are flexible with exacting styles, this is one of the best sources in the valley. Personally, I'm handy enough to deal with a knick here or there on the wood peices, but they lose .5 stars for those people that can't.  : )--- big shout out to Jason W. for unearthing this little delight. I've lived in this area my entire life and had no clue that it was tucked away in there!!! ---
4	When Jason W heard that I was in search of a bar stool, while on limited budget and time, he immediately pointed me to Copenhagen Clearance.  Bingo, within minutes I found what I needed and, best of all, at half price.  According to the staff, they're selling most items at half price - another sign of the times...
4	If you're going to be grabbing a Copenhagen piece, it is always worth to swing by the clearance center and see if it's avail here.  Another tip, since you're bargain shopping anyways, I've seen many of their pieces on Craigslist for Phx and Tucson area....  Coming from the East Valley, I take Grand's Camelback/43rd Ave exit, it looks like I can't take the left onto 43rd (no left sign there), so I always cut into the Home Depot parking lot to get onto 43rd...
4	I'm so glad I found this. The furniture is unique and looks like one of a kind. They carry sofas, chairs, dining sets, dressers, bookcases, pillows, etc. The inventory does move quickly so if you see something you like grab it. Everything we looked at was in pretty good condition. Some stuff may need repair, but with the money you'll save it's worth it.Lastly, feel free to negotiate. My husband is in sales and never pays full price. We left with a love seat, matching chair and pillow and paid considerably less than the ticket price.
5	After deciding I liked a particular stool in the copenhagen store, I was trying to make my way back to make a final decision. I ended up finding out about this place while searching yelp for the copenhagen store operation hours and noticed a clearance center. I'm so glad I did!I wouldn't exactly say that you can get a matching set of just about anything, they have an eclectic selection of mix and match clearance items. I was specifically looking for bar stools at the time, and was able to find some that originally cost upwards of $300+ retail cost, and ended up grabbing them up for just over $100 a piece. The stools I found here were better than the one I was going back to the store to check out!It was great, I was able to stay in my $300 budget and come home with great looking and quality chairs as opposed to "meehhh, whatever" I could get from the local swap meet or craigslist.Im so happy I found you Copenhagen Imports Clearance Center, I will definitely be back if I ever need more furniture!
3	I was expecting great deals, but overall Copenhagen can be pricey.  The staff is very friendly, even offering me water!  The furniture they have is mostly incomplete.  Sectionals without the rest of the couch.  One bar stool.  There are more desks than anything else, but is probably ideal if you'd like to add to your already existing copenhagen furniture piece, and if they have that addition available.
1	I've been shopping here for many years and had some really good experiences at first. In the past 10 years though, I have had problems with some of their furniture. I bought an Italsofa expecting it to be from Italy. Wrong! It was made in China. I only found this out once I had a problem with one of the cushions slumping badly and had to tear it apart from the bottom to find out what was wrong. That's when I noticed that it was from China. If I had know it was from China, I would not have bought it. Chinese products are a mixed bag; some good, some bad. Why take the chance? A Scandinavian furniture store that sells low quality product is an insult to all of us Danes.  Avoid these guys.
4	Love the Copenhagen look but on a budget? You might find what you seek at the Copenhagen Clearance Center then. They offer floor models, scratch and dent home furnishings, and discontinued items. Each item has a tag listing why it is up for sale here.We stepped in on a cloudy Saturday and found various coffee tables, dining tables, chairs, sofas, cabinets, dressers, beds, and decorative items (Just to name a few!). Most of the furniture for sale were chairs and dressers though. The quality ranges from your very basic particle board base furniture to an all Travertine stone dining table (Quite nice, but so very heavy!). The dining room sets were heavily discounted an additional % off the price. We also spotted some nice dark wood dining chairs, originally $412, now $99.Service was friendly. They offer bottles of water too while you are browsing through the center, which is a nice little perk.Too bad this clearance center is so far from Tempe, I'd be here a lot for my furniture quest if it were!
