4	I spend so much time on this corner since I was a teenager. Not sure if it is Starbucks or this corner of Montreal.
4	Great service here.  Friendly, fast, can't ask for anything else from the staff.  One thing about the cafe itself, there is never enough seating...maybe that's a good thing so you'll take your coffee and walk around a bit...burn off that whip cream.
4	If someone asked me if I wanted to go to Starbucks and do I prefer the Westmount location or the Monkland location - Monkland wins and let me explain why.At the Westmount location, people smoke directly outside the entrance to the Cafe. That "smokers-block" is really unpleasant because you also get the hipsters from the American Apparel next door smoking there too. The result is almost a fire hazard and I have seen the box actually on fire, at least twice!In stark contrast to that is the Monkland location. Maybe it is that there are more children running around, or the fact that the cafe is located a few steps in from the sidewalk, but no one smokes here. Even in the summertime, the terrace doesn't end up filled with smokers choking out the customers who like to sit out there and enjoy the breeze. In Westmount, the tables are often dirty. It seems the only way to get the empty tables cleared is to do it yourself. I can't tell you how many times I have had to ask staff for a wet cloth so I could clean a table and enjoy my red-eye. On Monkland, a much busier location, especially on the weekends, the tables are constantly full, yet, somehow, they manage to always be clean. The Westmount location is a lot more "in and out", in that they don't have the cozy setup Monkland does. At the Monkland location, you can get a seat by the fireplace. The clients are going out for some downtime, and so, are a bit more friendly and laid back.I don't drink specialty coffees, a shot of espresso in a cup of coffee, a red-eye, is as fancy as I get, so I can't speak to the whipped, and gussied up coffee, but my order is consistent, comes quickly and is served with a smile. That's all I need!
