4	Unfortunately, this is the land of Birkenstocks.  I still remember one friend of mine being "Proud of his Teva Triangle sunburn" because ALL he used over the summer were those damn sandals.Which poses a problem, because aside from bridal shops (where, come on, all you see is the token bridesmaid dresses... ew), Macy's (I miss you Marshall Fields!!!) or going to Chicago, there's NO WHERE in MadTown to buy *nicer* elegant wear.  Except here.The ladies are a RIOT.  They crack me up, keep complimenting me, but find me things that LOOK GOOD on me.  I've purchased a couple of high end designer things in here (Badgley Mischka jacket, Stuart Weizmann shoes, Luca Luca dress), and it just makes me feel good that I can get this in Madison without driving 150 miles to Nordstroms (ahh.. I love that store!!!)It's a smaller looking store, and when you go in you don't really see much (or don't think much of it), but frankly, I love the service, LOVE the selection...
2	Okay, so my one and only experience with Woldenberg's turned me off.  i am a huge fan of high end fashion and many designers they feature so I was really excited to go in.  I went with a friend and we split up to do some shopping by the end when we met up I had found some cute things and she was already checked out....she purchased this really cute necklace.  so cute in fact that I was wearing the SAME one from forever21 for $5 compared to Woldenbergs $100.   One of the charms on the Woldenberg's necklace was even stamped F21 just like mine.  They were completely identical, if the F21 was a knockoff, I do not know what what brand, since the sales lady told my friend it was completely handmade.  Needless to say, my friend was blown away, and quickly returned it.  I am not sure what the store is up to, but I will probably not be there to check it out - something is fishy and that stench doesn't look good on anyone.
1	If I could give zero stars I would. I don't recall ever being treated like this in a store before. My mom was with me and she was floored too. I feel I am quite fashionable, willing to pay for higher end items when it is worth while. In this instance, I was looking for a simple black dress to wear to a wedding. This is a base wardrobe item that I would wear numberous times, so why not. The wedding will take place the first week of June in North Carolina, needless to say it will be hot. The clerk rudley expressed surprise that the wedding would not be in a church, and that in that case I wouldn't need to have my arms covered (holy crap, is it 1800? Puritans?) She suggested a dress, that although lovely was clearly a size or two too big for me. When I came out of the dressing room, she looked at me disapprovingly and sighed that it would have to be tailored. So, I'm never going back there. I'm sure there are great items hidden amongst the old woman dresses and rude clerks. Super M, I would GLADLY drive to Chicago or Milwaukee to avoid this place.
