5	My favorite bakery.  Just stopped by today and it makes my mouth water thinking about the cakes, pastries and the frosting. Oh my gosh are the cakes great. Tried the bear claws - scrumptious.  Cinnamon bread is to die for.  Get a loaf and make french toast - Wow!!! or just eat it as is.  If you like pecan rolls they are divine.
4	I stopped by Monday, the first day I felt it was nice enough to take my munchkin for a stroller ride.I like the simple clean layout of this place,no clutter and you can see a lot of the kitchen always a good sign. I asked the woman working the counter for suggestion. She pointed out the chocolate thumbprints and while she bagged those up I spied individual pineapple upside down cakes. So I scored 4 cookies and 2 lil cakes. The cookies were very good mixture of firm and gooey. The cake was realllllly delicious.Moist with a crispy kinda crust outside,just perfect. My husband did get his cake but i really had to restrain myself because he left it for over 24 hours! I ate all 4 cookies.
1	Read my first review... loved this place... Today I stopped in to look around,my niece was with me and I remembered that they had help wanted postings somewhere.. she inquired and the teenage girl behind the counter was SO rude, full on glaring and rolling of the eyes! NO JOKE. I wish that the manager had been in but hopefully she keeps track and knows what her counter staff is like when she is gone! I will go to party Cake shop from here on...There are too many great places to put up with attitude!
4	I stopped in after breakfast at The Dor-Stop to see what they had to offer.  Potomac has yummy pastries at a good price.  That's pretty much all I can say.  They have a wide variety of goodies to choose from, something to make everyone happy I'm sure.  It seemed like every time I asked, "What is that?" I wouldn't even let the woman behind the counter finish her description before I would reply, "I'll take one of those."  I will definitely return.
5	My first experience with this bakery today (June 9, 2012). Picked up a cake for my husband's 40th birthday. Decoration was nice and spelled correctly, cake was moist and nice, buttercream icing lovely and smooth, and overall a great job. The walk in space was a little small and they seemed busy today, but this place seems to know what they are doing. Incongruously, for no apparent reason, they were also selling a shelf full of bananas in plastic bags (um, OK?) and they sell bottled drinks and coffee too, but they force you to use styrofoam cups for the coffee-- I would suggest reusable mugs be allowed, or something else more environmentally sound.Counter help and girl on phone were polite but could speak up a little more. Their preprinted order slips indicate a space for "salesgirl" to sign, instead of "salesperson" so I'd suggest  a change on that.Overall: Great and tasty and pretty, and suited our needs.
5	One of the best pastries I've had in my life I got here. I think it's called a "French bearclaw."
1	Pastries are nice but I bought a cake for my sisters bridal shower and they PUT THE WORDING ON THE CAKE INCORRECTLY! it was a Saturday and "could not call a baker in to fix it so they could refund me the cake and just take this one, go somewhere else to buy a new cake, or try to fix the writing ourselves and just remove the word that was INCORRECT." I spent hours on the phone with the manager and she was not very helpful or empathetic to the situation.  I then went to go pick up another cake for my sister for her husbands birthday and THE CAKE TOPPLED OVER IN THE BOX IN THEIR OWN FRIDGE!  I asked the lady if this happens often and she goes nope your just "special".  Being really rude about it.  They patched the cake up and THEN showed me the cake and THERE WAS A WOODEN STAKE IN THE CAKE to "keep it together".  I then said that there is a hole in the cake now and the counter lady said, "Just smooth the hole over with your finger a little bit." The counter girls are always rude.  I honestly think they don't like me because they are nice to everyone else but myself. But if I would suggest I would NOT go here.
5	Ok , SOOOO I feel the need to try these places ! Please let me know if you agree ?http://pittsburgh.cbslocal.com/top-lists/best-doughnut-shops-in-pittsburgh/I just made a stop here on my way to work this morning as my first Donut challange.These guy's KNOW how to make a big man SMILE ! What A NICE selection , great people , Excellent yummie donuts.All I can say to Potomac Bakery so far is WOW !I intend to try the other Bakery's on CBS's list , and I'll keep ya updated .
1	We were having a Gender Naming Party for our first baby and we were excited to share this moment with friends and family. When we went to pick up our cake we were extremely disappointed in the way the staff handled our order. The mother to be on picking up the cake found out the gender of the baby! Without her husband! This was supposed to be a surprise at the party but it was on the receipt. How terrible! They knew when we placed the order that this was supposed to be a secret. When confronted with their error they were dismissive, condescending, and there was no effort to compensate her for her pain in finding out the gender at the bakery. We have done wedding cakes here, and many special events over the years. Never again!! Potomac Bakery you should be ashamed.
5	Their baked goods are simple and DELICIOUS. The taste speaks for itself, no frills necessary. Potomac is the best bakery in the South Hills. Lifelong regular here and I will always be!
5	A Dormont treasure!  We love their cookies and pastries, going there for goodies is a time honored special treat.
