5	Please, if you are looking for a photographer in Nevada, hire J and J photographers!!!!!!!I worked with Tia and Alicia for my wedding this weekend. They were so great, even my guests told me how much they loved the photographers!! They were so nice and professional...LOVED THEM!!!!!!I have only seen a few of my photos so far but they are absolutely gorgeous.  It is definitely worth the money to hire a quality photographer!!
5	I had a boudoir session with Jennifer and wedding day photos with both Jennifer and Tia. All I can say is AWESOME. Absolutely top notch. I haven't even seen my wedding photos yet, but if they turn out half as good as the boudoir, I'd be thrilled. And from the poses and amount of coverage that I noticed at the wedding, I can't wait to see them.Jennifer was so great with the boudoir shoot - made me feel like a VS model! My now husband was pleasantly surprised with the 'For His Eyes Only' album. I could go on and on about how fantastic they are - fun, relaxed, professional yet completely laid back. A joy to work with!
5	Got the teaser wedding photos from their blog, and now I'm thrilled all over again!
5	When choosing a photographer - if you haven't heard this yet, I'm telling you now. Make sure you click with your photographer! This is not meant to be a play on words - it's the most important words of advice I can give with regards to wedding planning. Why you ask? Because the photographer is the one vendor you will have to spend the ENTIRE day with. They will (or should be) photographing every last detail, from beginning to end and when they have to take a close-up of you or your loved ones, the pictures come out a LOT better when you're comfortable with the person taking them. With that said, I clicked with J&J. Specifically, I clicked with Tia. Like the sorority sister I never had (shh don't tell my sorority sisters), Tia was funny, charismatic, and very easy going. They were the first photographers I happened upon at my very first bridal show and that was the beginning of the end. Every other booth that I went up to either didn't seem interested in me as potential business, just seemed like creepy old men, or had their heads so far up their you know whats that it was like they were doing me a favor by gracing me with their presence. Jennifer, the owner, is extremely professional, organized, and good at what she does. We had both Tia and Jennifer for our wedding and the pictures turned out great. They're style (to me) is very classic and timeless, without being stuffy. They were on the higher end of pricing for me - but I knew that I was going to splurge on photography since to me it was the most important vendor and totally worth it.
