4	This transfer terminal is in a good location. You can catch the SDX, the Deuce, the 109, 117, 217, 212, 402, and the 104. If you are heading to the airport and don't want  to pay for garage or economy you can park your car here for free and take the 109 to the airport for $2. Don't like parking/ driving on the strip? Park here and hop on the SDX, you can catch a free ride like many people do on the SDX just watch out for workers checking for passes. The SSTT has a nice lobby with clean restrooms, plenty of chairs and tables, vending machines, and security that watches the parking lot. Only complaint I have is that a lot of people utilize the free parking and sometimes you can not find an available spot
5	This place is pretty convience for myself to get to from school.  The 109 bus goes directly here with stop in between of course.  I find it to be extra convience for people traveling from other cities in and out where the buses do take folks to the strip and the airport.  Also for faster transport, there are taxis.Each bay is designated for a specific bus.  I tend to use Megabus so it has been always at the same bay.  Side note, there are vending machines and public restrooms.
2	First this place was hard to find.. not even the taxi driver knew of it.. but once I called information we weren't that far away.. It's actually right on the outskirts of the airport ( not in the airport) Outside across the street and gage from the airport.   We wanted to arrive early to obtain good seats.... we should have listened when they said don't arrive to 30-45 minutes early.. THERE IS NOTHING HERE.. it is strictly a bus depot, with the characters you except to see, the homeless, the trying to get home, the runaways - speaking of ... there was entire wall just dedicated to run a away children.. well that just ruined my weekend.  There are only a few tables inside and vending machines...I was thrilled with the bathroom either only because you could enter the woman's' and men's' very easily , there was no door.. it was a 2 way entry so anyone could grab you as you walked in. It's not that bad if you are only waiting for about 30 minutes, but for the 3 hours early we did it was a horrible... I will return again since this is where you catch the MegaBus back to Los Angeles, just only 15 minutes before departure.
5	I didn't want to give this place five stars because the majority of my reviews lately are either five stars or one star and that could start to look a little manic: love it! hate it! love it! hate it!truth is often somewhere in the middle, no?anyway, in spite of that, I'm giving this place five stars even though I don't want to and this is why:free long term parking 10 minutes and a $2 bus ride away from the airport. the long term parking lot is just two blocks north of south strip terminal . I left my car there for 8 days - no problem, and it seems secure enough.I called after 7 days to make sure they wouldn't tow it - once I got the number (not the easiest thing in the world and I forget what it was, sorry.) I reached a security guard who cheerfully told me not a problem. I don't think they were going to tow it on the 8th day anyway, but I wanted to make sure.Can't beat the price (free) location (ten minutes away) or the shuttle to the airport (catch the 109 bus at the terminal two blocks south of where you park in stalls 17 and 18. bring $2 in cash, exact change. it comes roughly every 20 minutes)Off the top of my head I can't think of another airport that has a free airport parking set up like this one.
4	I went out of town this weekend and finally tried leaving my car here in the long term parking. I came back 3 days later and my car was still there!! I will be doing this again.It is pretty quick and only costs $2 to get to the airport. Just check the schedule for the 109 so you know what time the bus is coming around.This place is a block north of the rental car return. So it's not THAT hard to find for a cab driver or really anyone with GPS. I had a long exhausting weekend and didn't have the energy for the shuttle/ bus on the way back so I took a cab from the airport - big mistake, it ended up costing $17 just to get from McCarran to the terminal. Next time I'll suck it up and take the only slightly longer route by free inter terminal shuttle and $2 bus.
4	This place seems like the middle of nowhere but actually has great connectors to the strip and downtown. You can take an RTC bus or Duce bus for $8.00 all day pass to the strip, Duce goes all the way to Freemont Street, runs every 15 min until 12:30. The busses start again at 8:00 for RTC and Duce is 9:00. Purchase the tickets at kiosk in terminal, credit or cash. They have restrooms open 24hrs but that's it after 8:00. I was there at 11:00 waiting for Megabus for 12:30 and kind of creepy late night, I didn't see any security around. If you hang out in the terminal until the bus arrives it's heated and well light.
4	Had to come here to use the Megabus. Sort of small and cozy with chairs and tables to use but the most important thing was that it looked very cleanly. It might be a bit confusing to navigate through or it might have just been me.
4	This is the terminal for the Megabus out of Vegas. I've taken it at least a dozen times without any issues. The only thing to be aware of is that they don't have anyone inside the terminal to help you find which bay your bus is leaving from so go outside and ask the employees. It's a spotless place with tons of parking and there's not much else to say about a bus stop other than that.
4	Pretty decent bus terminal with bathrooms and bus ticket machine for RTC.Was dropped off here from getting the bus in front of Excalibur to grab Megabus back home.
4	There's not much to say of bus terminals, but this is cleaner and less shady than most. There's always a few employees walking around at all times of the day. All the ones I've interacted with have been fairly nice and helpful. Other than RTC local buses, this is a stop for Megabus that goes out to California. This is usually why I am here, I sometimes head out to LA on that cheap-o direct bus. The one bad thing is the parking lot is small for the traffic they get. Sometimes it is difficult to find any parking spot if you're doing a park and ride.
1	If I could, I wouldn't give a star at all! Most employees here only care about themselves and not the customers. I am so upset.
