4	4 stars for a chain pizza joint - you betcha ya.I'm pretty picky about Pizza and let's face it most chains pizza is not very good. Vocelli's is different, not do they different crusts to choose from they have their gourmet pizza selection which beats all other chains hands down.Plus they have always been fast and after getting pies from 2 different stores they have had good consistency.
2	If all you care about is a hot pie then you have absolutely no taste. The service was par, but slow considering we ordered delivery from down the street. A cheese pizza is easier to make than teen pregnancy. The only thing that I like chewy is a four foot tall Chelsea Handler side kick. Ranch nor wine could save such a poor demonstration of corporate mismanagement. I highly recommend Pizza Romano in Oakland - ask for Lexi.
3	I personally prefer Pizza Hut...
1	This was a delivery order for:Pepperoni PizzaHot WingsPizza the texture and flavor of cardboard. Wings were covered in black pepper. I just do not understand why anyone would order from them other than the fact that they are open late.
3	I hated this place as a kid, but I keep it in rotation as an adult. I always have my food delivered. The delivery guys are fine, not creepy like the domino guys. The food is always hot and looks tasty. The rating would have been higher if the prices were a little cheaper, they used to have great deals when I was an undergraduate. Sidenote- the wings are baked, so they are soft and saucy, not crispy.The few times they have screwed up my order, they offered more food, but not a refund.Worth a try.
1	Bar none, worst pizza experience I have ever received. Pizza showed up BLACK!. Please DO NOT ORDER HERE. This was my first time trying this place. Also asked for extra sauce on the side, of course that didn't happen. Please save your money and do not order from this place. I have pictures to prove it.
1	Wow. What a treat. I haven't even tried the food but I'll write a review based on the delivery. I ordered off Grubhub and while it is a bit late in the evening (about 11:30pm) it was not ridiculously late. Plus, it was still three hours before the store's posted closing hours. They showed up, about 20 minutes before the estimated time (YAY). But were extremely rude on the phone when they got here (sign #1). Look, I had a really freaking bad night tonight. I had to put my cat down and I don't want to deal with anything at all. I just want pizza. I tipped well over 20% on my credit card. I just want pizza delivered with no fuss. The delivery guy literally THROWS/SHOVES my order into my face, part of it falls onto the floor and he just walks away. Says nothing other than "ok" and walks away. I tipped over 20% for that?? Maybe I am just oversensitive given my night's events, but I am livid. It really is upsetting to me and I will never order from them again.
4	My two experiences here show what a difference customer service can make: like night and day. Though my first encounter with a Vocelli employee was abysmal, my second interaction more than redeemed them in my eyes. A man who's name I shamefully can't remember called me out of the blue Saturday night and apologized for the extremely rude way I had been treated by his colleague, and then he asked if he could bring me a free pizza as an apology. I said yes, and not only did he show up with a free pizza, but he was delightful to talk to and the kind of representative any business would be proud to have dealing with customers. Oh, and also, he showed up with TWO pizzas, both of which were pretty good. Apology accepted, Vocelli Pizza, and special thanks to the delightful guy who I spoke with, who has transformed me from a boycotter to a repeat customer. Hopefully I won't have to deal with that jerk from my first encounter too often, but any business that stands behind both its product and its service the way Vocelli did the other night is the kind of business that's worth giving a second chance. Unfortunately the receipt only provided the name of the original jerk I dealt with and not the person from my last encounter, so I can't provide the name specifically. Hopefully Vocelli can find out who this lovely person was and reward him for completely turning around my view of this establishment!
