5	She Bakes is makes some killer desserts!  They are gourmet dessert bakery that uses all-natural ingredients to set their sweets apart from the routine and mundane in flavor.  They have a selection of specialty cookies, cake pops, and seasonal delights on their website, but also do custom orders of all kinds of delicious treats!My favorite thing about She Bakes is the fact that they make their products with outstanding, high quality ingredients.  Void of fillers and words you can't pronounce, their products are truly are sensational!I was first introduced to She Bakes via some incredible homemade granola.  (Not your typical intro into a small batch, gourmet dessert establishment)  This tropical granola, fresh, clean tasting, and full of honest flavor left me wanting more.   That was when I realized the commitment to fine ingredients.  Still, I was hesitant to try some of their desserts...after all, the owner looks more like a bikini model than a stereotypical pastry chef...what could she possibly know about a great satisfying dessert?...turns out she know a lot more than most.  Their peanut butter & chocolate chip cookies are some of the best around!  Fully satisfying and wonderfully enjoyable!I would tell you that her products have an active lifestyle slant due to being made from real food, and lacking unnecessary fillers and junk...but I would be afraid that you might think they would fall into that healthy, but not as enjoyable niche.  That is certainly not the case here.  I brought a few dozen cookies to a party where they were devoured and enjoyed by all.  So...yes they are made by the standards demanded of those with active/food conscious lifestyles...but no your taste buds will not care...in fact they will thank you for the superior taste of high quality, natural ingredients...and yes your waistline will thank you.On the downside, they do not have a storefront location with the convenience that offers...so you have to do a little advanced planning.  But I think you'll find it worth it.
5	Absolutely amazing sweets and granolas!  I don't typically eat gluten free, so I was a little surprised to find these treats extremely tasty.  One of my favorites right now is the gluten free protein granola.  I wake up craving this stuff!  Its delicious, all natural, and doesn't have that gross protein powder taste.  Everything is made fresh to order and includes free shipping.  What more could you want?
5	Everything Ive tasted from SheBakes is absolutely delicious! Regardless of my gluten sensitivity, I've found Allison's ingredients to be fresh, of the highest quality and thoughtfully combined. I'm really excited about all of her protein-rich products she's begun to sell.I highly recommend SheBakes treats for everything from personal enjoyment to office parties, birthday parties as well as large private events. I've worked with her on a large order and her ability to accommodate was excellent. She also takes requests for special orders if its big enough. The best!!
5	I met the owner of She Bakes at the gym of all places.  She brought in some cookies: oatmeal raisin and gluten-free peanut butter and chocolate. Allison is passionate about her products which caused me to drive to Sambalatte who carries her products.  First of all, I don't like store-bought, pre-packaged, additive/artificial stuff in my cookies. I want freshly-baked only.  The ingredients she uses are all natural and I love knowing that there is love put in to every cookie.My favorite so far is the gluten-free peanut butter and chocolate.  I don't even like peanut butter.  It has dark chocolate chunks. Yuuuummm!!!  I want Hello Kitty cake pops next time.Since these are made with natural ingredients, consider the shelf-life before hoarding cookies.  It's $15/dozen cookies but quality ingredients aren't cheap.  This is not-so-junk food.
5	Oh My Goodness, I can't even tell you how amazing She Bakes is, and how great owner Allison is to work with!  She Bakes has everything from delicious decadent cake pops to uber healthy gluten free/vegan/protein filled treats.  Now I'm normally not one for trying to health-ify my treats, but you would never even know that you're getting something good for you!! Ally is open to working with you to fine tune any ingredients to meet your lifestyle, and get this, drops them off to you.  A+ quality and A+ service!
5	The protein bars are extremely tasteful, moist and filling! Coming from someone that's tried many brands of protein bars, these are by far the best. I've tried 4 of the flavors so far and can't wait to try the rest. Allison makes sure the bars are made and sent out within 1-2 days of receiving the order and I love that I can order multiple flavors at one time.  Highly recommend trying these!
5	I just had my peanut butter protein bars shipped from She Bakes, and I must say that I am very happy with the product, packaging, and great customer service! The bars taste phenomenal, they made it here very quickly, they're full of protein and they're super fresh. Thanks a lot to the team at She Bakes for delivering a healthy treat that I absolutely love! Now the trick is not eating too many in one sitting... Must. Use. Discipline. :P
