4	Costco is getting more and more organic food, including fresh produce! Most of it is still conventional and likely GMOs, but there are changes here and there. Usually there are great samples- free lobster dip! But they've had chocolate cake, pot stickers, and pomegranate juice too. If you time it just right, it's lunch.I had a bit of difficulty with their pharmacy this past winter. They had to order my prescription. No problem. But it was not in when they told me it would be the next day, or the next day. Just when I had given up hope, it did arrive. But it seemed a bit disorganized.I've had passport photos taken here- can't beat the price. Don't try to smile though. Not permitted. Something about Homeland... ???CVS just a few months prior did let me smile.
4	I'm not a member myself, but my mom is.   They offer a good variety of items from electronics to clothing and bulk food items.  I've purchased my netbook from here and it's still going strong (knock on wood).There have been a lot of times that we've had dinner here - not using the samples, but either grabbing a slice of pizza, hot dog and soda (for $1.50!!!!), they also have a chicken bake - a big version of a hot pocket with the pastry and chicken all rolled up.  For a family of four to be able to eat "out" with 10-12 dollars is pretty amazing (drinks included).  For a while now, we've been getting the pre-made salads that you can get in the food section in the back to be a little healthier.Gas here is super cheap as well.  We always fill up here if we are in the area.  Not as good as SC gas prices, but better than regular NC gas prices.Buying bulk is always a little intimidating, but you do save in the long run.  It just takes some planning ahead, but I would definitely shop Costco rather than multiple trips to the store during a long period of time.
4	Creatures of Habit, rejoice for there is Costco!Do you need a constant supply of chicken nuggets, giant fish sticks, vitamin water, muffins, B12, or enough vanilla extract to last you the next decade? Well you can get all of it down at the Matthews Costco. Not only that, but you can sample 5 or 10 other things that you might want to buy on any given visit.Now that describes any Costco, but the pluses of this particular one include, very fresh tasting fish (try the stuffed salmon), sufficient staffing so you aren't spending all day in the checkout line, a super helpful tire department and consistently available/restocked selection. It may seem silly but I am also a fan of how thye are diligent about rotating their endcaps to be seasonably applicable. Two weeks before Christmas that 16oz bottle of vanilla was not burried halfway down the aisle, it was staring me in the face.The parking lot is a bit of a disaster but I think that is more a result of the shopping plaza as a whole as opposed to the store.
4	I come here to shop. You know how Costco is. Super Big, small selection, but super cheap for buying in bulk. I come here to shop as a college student, you know buying freezer food and what is "not" healthy to eat. Hey, when I get a big boy job then I'll start buying healthy. However they do have a lot of greens and fruits to buy here and most of the time they're pretty fresh.First time coming here, take your time.. It will take a couple of times coming here to get to know the layout of where everything is at. That's how I was when I first started shopping, utterly lost and don't know where to begin. After a while, I'm in and out. Great discounts and the store is pretty clean. Parking could use more lights and better traffic flow, but I grew up on this side of Charlotte so I'm not so sketchy. I like this Costco more than the one on Tyvola because the customer service here seems a lot nicer than those down in South Charlotte.
4	This is mostly for the "food court" at Costco:They have the best deal in town for either a hot dog or polish sausage & a drink for a buck-fifty! Both the dog and the sausage are nearly a foot long and served on a potato bun. They used to serve them on a GREAT sesame-seed bun but probably succumbed to ending that because of people with nut allergies. When did these nut allergies all of a sudden take over the world? It's like an epidemic! They'll put relish on it at the counter but mustard, ketchup, and onions (in a weird dispenser-no thanks!) are self serve. Awesome churos! Better than any Mexican restaurants! Very Berry Sundae is great as well! Pizza is pretty good but the dogs are the stars here. The court seating is a cool place to munch on your food and people watch. Sampling in the store itself is always hit and miss. Sadly, a lot of the times the volunteers that are working each kiosk are slow to keep up with demand. Sometimes you can find some great samples, other times not.Your pal,Walter
4	What's not to love?  We are here EVERY weekend.  The parking lot gets full, the place gets crowded, and the buys are great!   BUT the lines move quickly so just chill out and people watch as you wait.  My only real complaint is the food court, specifically the dining area.  It REALLY REALLY needs to be tended to more often.  I know that the line is long at the food court counter, but it is extremely important that someone at Costco step up and put more help there to keep the dining area tidy and clean.  I've been there when empty tables were a disaster, trash was overflowing, and the counter where condiments are was beyond messy; all of that made it an overall bad experience.     Other than that....I've really got no complaints about this Costco.  I love it!
4	I enjoy going to Costo-just don't enjoy the long check out lines. It's always a madhouse when it comes time to pay for your items.Some of the produce is AWESOME (like the "live" lettuce packs, the strawberries, cherries, etc.), while some of it I'm not so crazy about (the bagged apples, oranges/lemons/limes, etc.)... there is usually a bad one or some that were picked way too early in the bags.Love the deals on boxed/canned goods, as well as the meat department! Love getting beef and pork here-it's a steal!CHEAP to eat if you want a quick, greasy bite at the food court.Great customer service!
4	I finally got around to renewing my Costco membership and went today for the first time in a long time. I had forgotten how much I love the selection of items at Costco.  $5.99 lb for organic chicken breast, versus $8.99 lb at HT!  Wow! Great deals on all natural laundry detergent & all natural dish detergent too!  The only negative for me that there is no Costco in the Ballantyne area... but I love it so much that I will just have to leave "the bubble" to make the trek to Costco.  Oh, and I just ordered an item at costco.com and the price listed online included shipping so I can get some items delivered straight to my front-door.  (Great for lazy people like me.)
5	I am here for business networking. Also a Costco Executive Member. Love the cash back on the American Express business credit card!
4	I am a big fan of the Costco, although I usually go to the Tyvola store as it is closer to where I work.  Costco gas is usually +/- $.10 cheaper than surrounding gas stations.  Today's trip, I thought I would get there at 10:30 on a Sunday and shop with the heathens, avoiding the after-church crowds.  Boy, was I wrong.  When I got there at 10:30, after filling up the fuel tank, I arrived to a relatively full parking lot and checkout lines inside that already looked like some sort of Peristroika bread line.  I got an awesome set of lamps for $70 that were $100 apiece for comparable lamps that I had seen elsewhere.  A foam floor mat (for the kitchen) that was regularly priced at $9, but had a $2 off instant coupon - I saw a similar mat at Bed, Bath and Beyond that was $25.  A sack of bananas for less than $2.  And 4 of those candle lighter things for $6.  I expected the long lines, so I just got the phone out and checked Facebook.... no big.  I always expect to wait in line and then if I don't, it's just gravy.  I have always found the employees to be friendly and they keep the lines moving as quickly as possible (pay attention to which side the cart goes on and don't write freakin' checks!).
5	Cheap drugs
5	I have been going to this Costco for over a year now, twice a week for my job. The staff is very friendly. My only problem is the lines! They don't put enough cashiers on the registers. The cashiers who are working are working as hard as they can.
5	Costco is good for food if you want or need to stock up, as you have to buy in bulk.  They have clothes, household goods, electronics at competitive prices. However, you may get a better real elsewhere on sale. Have pharmacy, optical, tire service. You can also book vacations through Costco online and even buy a new car, boat, Rv, or motorcycle through Costco at a savings. Home improvement projects can be done through Costco contracted services at a savings. Costco can save you money of you know how to get the most out of your membership.
5	This is not your typical Costco.  Wait a minute...yes it is. Carry on...
4	In general, it's a Costco. This location in particular is nice, always well-stocked, and clean. The employees are friendly. During the week, it's a great place to shop. On the weekend, it gets crazy and isn't worth the hassle. That's to be expected, I supposed.This location loses a star because of the constant hawking of random merchandise that goes on in the store. I never appreciate that.
4	It's a tough call between 4 and 5 stars for this Costco.Plus:- I always am able to find good parking for some reason. That usually doesn't happen at Costcos! (Costcoes? Potato/tomato?)- They're always well-stocked. If you can't find something at the Tryon Costco, try this one. This has happened twice now in 3 months. Why I bother with the other one anymore, I'm not sure. - Optical dept is super friendly. They fixed my not-from-Costco-glasses when the lens kept trying to commit suicide.Cons:- The food thing (what do you call it?) is inside and lining up is difficult when you're by yourself. There's no space for your cart, so you have to leave it somewhere and hope nobody is feeling like a thief that day. - Also @ The Food Thing, the condiments are almost always empty. While I stood by once waiting for a pizza, three people came up and reported the ketchup was empty. Later, when I was grabbing some napkins and things, I noticed that the worker finally put ketchup out, but only filled it halfway, and only filled one of the two dispensers. It was like mid-afternoon, so I don't know why they're making life harder on themselves.Whatever, it's Costco. I will love it forever.
2	Hopefully everyone knows what Costco is so I shouldn't have to go into detail about that. My mothers a member so she added me as the other member on the membership. So I went to go pickup my card and boy was that a hassle. They started to tell me that I couldn't be added on it even though it was in their computer saying I could be. They had all the info I needed all I needed to bring was paperwork with the address on the account. Now I live in another state from her but I have stuff mailed to her house so I have all the documentation. Finally after some back and forth I got them to give me a card. Then I went through did my shopping as planned. One thing I didn't care for is there wasn't a great variety of meats/lunch meats. I usually go to Sams Club so they have a huge variety. There produce was ok I've heard it was suppose to be awesome so I loaded up on some of that. I finally get up to the register and get everything ran through. (The lines at the registers are insanely long!) get my total and get ready to swipe my card and the guy tells me they don't take credit cards only American Express. I'm thinking why the hell wouldn't you tell someone this. When I got my card I was told they accept credit, debit, cash and check but NO apparently that wasn't true. So I don't carry cash and I don't carry my debit card as I never use them. So I went back and forth with him for a while but luckily I found my old debit card and got it to work. I got home and tried some of the grapes I got and even though on the outside they looked good when I bit into it, they dissolved in my mouth and were completely molded. I had to grab the whole container and throw it out, as I started finding out 80% of them were like that. Moral to this is I shall Stick to Sams Club as the variety is whatever, and the explanation of the policies and the way the store is ran sucks!
2	So this Costco is really like all of the others. I've never had any trouble there, buy in bulk, etc. However, I went the other day and felt like I was being assaulted by people trying to sell things! This is not your regular, "eat these delicious samples" selling either, this was "I'm going to shout across the store to tell you about a Direct TV." Awkward, and annoying, and it happened the second that we walked into the store!I brushed it off and figured maybe it was just an excitable Direct TV employee. But then as I was browsing the book/movie aisle this woman walked up to me like she knew me (stranger danger, invading my space) and pushed some beads in my face, trying to sell them. I love free trade. I love the idea of beads giving women a trade that will support their family. I do not like strangers in my personal space.I left Costco, purchased nothing, and felt really disgruntled about the awkward encounters with some of the people trying to sell things.  Hopefully it's just a holiday thing, then I can resume my Costco bulk shopping in peace.
