5	This was a lot of fun. The cast does a great job of drawing you right into the production...literally! A great way to lighten up an evening and enjoy a family friendly show that will have you singing at laughing. It is Worth going just to see the ending where Jack gets the girl!!!! Hilarious!!!
5	This show was really entertaining. The cast was really cool and it was fun to interact with them. The show length was perfect and the cast singing was really good as well. The story line was really funny, a typical 80's story. It was really enjoyable and i would recommend to see this show
3	When I picked up my tickets from the box office, I asked the lady if this show was just like the Legg Warmers one. She said its different. LIAR!When me, the wifey, and friends sat down. They started out the show with movie and song trivia  from that decade. Fittingly they started with the song that blazed music videos on to the scene. "Video killed the radio star" by the Buggles. This was exactly like the the other show. Only difference was that they only had 5 characters instead of 8.So just like my Legg Warmers review, this was cheesy as well. I grew up in the 80's so I should be biased but just like the decades before, we are left scratching our heads saying smh. Which brings up my just ok 3 star review. Nothing better, nothing worse. You still gotta give these guys credit for they have to perform these cheesy acts almost every night. Bring the 80's prom back. I thought that was better.
3	Loved the show! Especially if you grew up in the 80's you will identify to everything! No lip singing here. They sang and the audience helped as well. Yes the props were cheesy but it was entertaining. I went away singing and thinking of old times :-)
1	If I could rate it 0 stars I would !! Super lame !! My wife even walked out!! Ticket prices were way ridiculous especially for a HS level play ( that may be too much credit ) not to mention the theater it was in was low end !!
1	First off the  show is cute if you are under 10. But then you would not know what the 80's were, so?? Worst show I have ever been to in my life. Should be at Circus-Circus, Not planet Hollywood. The theater has no directions, you guide yourself up a staircase, to wait for?? you are let into the showroom 3 min before show time, so you can't escape and demand a refund.. :) Cheesy, kid oriented.. Like Glee on steriods or the buggaloos on drugs.. Free tickets and I still want that last hour of my life back.. Why a show like this in vegas if not geared for kids, but kids not old enough to know what the 80's are, but they serve drinks, and it is after 9:00.  This is a nickalodian show... not for adults.  The folks behind us were sleeping, a man was very angry and annoyed behind us too.. The actors were great, just not the show you think you are paying for.  would not recommend it to anyone...
1	if there was a number below 1 I would give it.this show was terrible.not only did the cast never live through the 80s, they did not bother to research the time period.if you are going to do a tribute show you should at least learn the words to the songs you are going to see.do some checking to see if there were dance moves rather than rely on a bit from a tv commercial.look at actual clothes and how they were put togetherand make sure you get your movie references straight.this show is terrible, don't go to it, avoid it all costs, go and watch people walk on the streets, it will be more entertaining.
2	I saw this show back in Dec 2012 and even though it was cheesy, I really enjoyed it. Some of the actors back then could actually sing. The costumes depicted then were accurate of the 80s. I lived through this era so I related. I really enjoyed it then and recommended some family and friends to see it too. When I returned to Vegas this year, Aug 2013 and looked for a few new shows to watch with my wife, we decided to check out "The 80s show" and had no idea it the was the show we saw back in Dec but renamed, re-casted and story line reverse this time (main char female instead of the male).I really don't write a lot of reviews but kind of sad to write this one. I was expecting to see the same things that made me laugh and smile. I found myself more irritated and kept asking myself "why did they ever change the original story and cast?"The main female char was just obnoxious. She did not know how to sing or even act. Maybe it was because she was a lot older than what she was acting out to be on the show. None of the other characters too could really sing which kind of made me really sad. At least the original story back Dec 2012 had the nerdy girl who could actually sing but won our hearts that way. It's one thing to be cheesy and obnoxious, but if you have no way of winning the attention of those who've seen the original story and cast, then the show fails altogether. Those who've never seen the original will probably have a different view and might even say this version was good. But after I've seen the original, this one just plainly disappoints me. And it doesn't take a whole lot to entertain me. Cheesy is fine but give me something to rave about. This new cast and story failed to do just that.
