3	Another one of my long standing lunch take out places.  Also another place I have never been to myself.  Probably have been eating from here once a month for 6-8 years.  A few years back they were closed for almost a year after a fire.I have had several menu items.  My choice yesterday was Orange Chicken.  It is not one of the lunch specials so I got a full dinner combo ($6.15, see picture).  It was way more food than I could finish.  In fact all but the smallest of the lunch specials is usually too much for me.  One of my favorites is House Chicken.  The fried rice is dry on a good day and almost inedibly crunchy on a bad day.
3	Cheap, decent food.  That's really enough said.  I easily enjoyed the food here as much as I've enjoyed other Chinese restaurants, but spent considerably less.  I had Sesame Chicken Combo - which came with Lo Mein, Fried Rice, and Egg Roll, and two Dumplings (and of course some Sesame Chicken) all for 6.95.  That ain't bad!  It's the perfect "I don't wanna cook, but I don't wanna spend a lot of money but I don't want fast food" type of place.  The people there are super friendly, and I'm sure to return many times.
5	I love this place! its cheap, you get alot of food and its good! I go here for lunch alot. the lunch combo is like 5 something, and its so much i cant finish it, so i eat the rest for lunch the next day! 2 days lunch for 5 something?? cant beat it.
4	OK - so since my last review, I have been to this place like 20 times.  I thought it was just ok - but really - it's much better than that.  AND - the staff there is really great.  The ladies at the counter remember me and are super friendly.  Again - I'm not sure it's the best Chinese Food I've ever had - but for the money and feel of the place - it's great.  Best thing on the menu - Hot and Sour Soup.  OMG it is so freakin' delicious.
2	Food was ok.  Their menu prices online are not their current prices.  Also, watch out for delivery fee they charge without telling you, we paid $7 on top of our bill, thats more than what 1 entree cost!  Hot and sour soup was watery and tasted like it came out of a can.  The crab puffs were good, but didn't have any crab in them.
4	Very friendly staff. Food is cheap like any fast-food chinese restaraunt. The portions are huge for the lunch and dinner specials. The veggies are fresh just the right crunch. The food is better than the more expensive chinese restaraunts. Dissapointed with the egg rolls and the soups though. They can use some improvement but overall a quick and easy decision.
1	No thank you food was over cooked bland
5	I have not actually eaten in the restaurant, but have had delivery several times and it is definitely the best quick, Chinese delivery I have ever had. Each time I have the potstickers for app which is a great start. My favorite is the shrimp in lobster sauce and the portions are massive! I can make this into about 3 meals as a result and the egg flower soup is also very tasty and the small is like a large. They are very quick and the delivery boy is always friendly as is the person who takes the order when I call in. Best Chinese delivery in the West Valley for sure!
4	I've ordered delivery and take out from this place for a couple years.  Love the crab puffs and pretty much every entree I've tried was good to great.  If you are looking for good Chinese food, you should check them out.
5	I get delivery from this place about once a month, I always order the combos, they are a great value huge portions and pretty yummy too. I'm not giving 5 stars based on the food alone (this is not the best I have had, although it is the best delivery I have had) but the overall value, service, and quality is amazing. Enjoy!
3	The orange chicken was excellent and cooked very well.. The crab puffs had a little too much filling so it became overwhelming. But other than that this place is exellent, I dont really do delivery but they were on time and the food was hot... I would recommend them....
4	I have been coming here since my Air Force days back in the early 2000's. They have delicious food and great lunch special prices. I havent been back in years because I moved to Gilbert and i was surprised they are still open. I got the curry chicken today lunch special for $2.99. It was so delcious. Friendly and fast service. Glad they are still in business.
3	Was craving Chinese takeout so decided to try this place after reading the reviews..was one of those meals where there was some really good things and some other things that were just ok..I ordered the family dinner "b" that included the soup, garlic shrimp and house chicken and a pupu platter which consisted of egg rolls, fried chicken legs, crab puffs, and chicken skewers and fried rice.  I opted for the wonton soup which was really good and the garlic shrimp was really good as well.  I found the fried rice a little on the dryer side and the chicken wings tasted old. Otherwise for the price, the portions were huge and they delivered exactly when they said they would. If your craving Chinese not a bad place.
4	Great food for great prices. The staff is awesome too. My husband and I found this place on a whim when we were adventuring around our community. We def found our fave Chinese food and this is always our first place to calm our Chinese food cravings.
4	We were driving around and I decided I wanted Chinese food, when we found one with good reviews and when we arrived it was closed...........Dang!  so we decided to find the nearest one and give it a shot...........We walked into Ming-Gee and was pleasantly suprised to find a very clean and friendly place.........We were seated in a booth and was waited on right away.........Very friendly staff and we ordered War won ton soup and orange chicken and Crab puffs, oh, and Pork fried rice.........Very good, cannot complain about a darn thing..........The Orange chicken was a bit spicy and we loved it........the crab puffs, were so delicious and the pork fried rice, NICE........can't forget the War won ton, pleanty of fresh veggies and the taste was worth going back again...........We recommed, give it a try.   pretty sure you will be glad you did!!
4	This review is a comparison to other take out places. Ming Gee is one of the best Chinese takeout restaurants I've ever eaten at. Whether I'm picking up or ordering delivery, the staff is always friendly and the food is great. In all of the times I've ordered, I have only ever had 1 mistake which they fixed. My wife loves the sizzling rice soup and the fried rice is a major weakness of mine.A slight warning. They will deliver outside of their area but there is a delivery charge for each mile outside of the area. That said, the prices are fair and the food is good.
4	Honestly, we're addicted to this place. For take-out Chinese it is pretty darn good. The fried rice is tasty and not too oily, and the portions are generous. The staff is friendly and they do deliver, although they will charge if you're too far away from downtown Glendale. They've made a few mistakes on orders but have always apologized and given us a discount on a future order (since delivering a correct order to our house isn't necessarily an option). I'm hooked on their sizzling rice soup, although I do wish they had an option for a smaller portion.
2	Picked up some food to go here. For a quick meal on the cheap this place isn't that bad. However, it wasn't very good either. We got the dinner combo b and everything on the pupu platter was either bland or dry. The fried rice and garlic shrimp were actually pretty good.
3	I live quite a distance from this place, but since I heard raves about this restaurant from one of my colleagues and we were in the area, I decided "why not give it a try?" Walking in, the place looked real ghetto, but we decided that if we don't give it a try, we won't know if we liked it. Together we ordered walnut shrimp, egg foo young, house chicken, and sweet and sour pork. The food was actually good, and the portions were quite large for the price. We may go there again, only if we are in the area and in the mood for Chinese.
4	Love this place's food!!! Not my favorite place but good when I don't feel like driving too far for good Chinese food!! Best of all; they deliver!!!
5	Very small Mom and Pop run. Food is always good never had bad food. There orange chicken is very good. Love there crab puffs. Staff are very friendly and out going.
5	Everything I ask for from a Chinese restaurant. We take out here regularly since we live in the neighbor hood. Never gets old and a great deal.
2	As a long~time customer of this place, un4tun8ly giving my lowest rating thus far. Even though most other Xs have been good overall, this last time has changed my feeling about them. Over the wk~end, I had a craving 4 some chinese so an order was placed 4 pick~up instead of the usual delivery 2 avoid a tip as I had no cash on me & I don't like adding tips on cards. I had an associ8 go pick it up & when I asked 4 my receipt, I knew the total charged wasn't right (nearly $10 OVER) so I called them.    I asked 4 the amount of each item that was ordered as it wasn't reflected on the receipt & the menu I was ordering from had outd8ed prices.  Even so, calcul8ing the correct pricing it was still way over & then was told they charge 12% tax... Uhm, WHAT?? But even w/ that OUTRAGEOUS amount, some1 got paid about $10 tip for a PICK~UP order!! (Either that or I'm missing $10 worth of food I didn't order). They were given a chance 2 correct it & didn't even offer ANY rectific8ion.    I strongly feel that it doesn't matter if they knew this order was from an old~timer patron or some1 new to them (since I had some1 else picking it up) ~ if this is how they conduct business, I'm afraid I have 2 take mine elsewhere! @ least then I can get what is paid 4 instead of being ripped... EXTREMELY Disappointed in a place I USED 2 Like & frankly I should have disputed the charges on my card but they're losing much more than that in the loss of my business & what I've brought them... ;-(
4	Yup.  Fast food Chinese alright.  Cheap prices, good portions, great crab puffs.  Surprisingly clean location for the area, and a lot bigger location than I expected.  I'll definitely come here instead of Panda.
5	Awesome food, affordable, convenient, efficient and fast.
1	So, I just moved to the area and had a hankering for some Chinese food. What was a girl to do, but consult my trusty Yelp! app and see where it led me. Wel-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l......I must say this is the first time I feel like I've been led astray.You see, my go to whenever visiting a new Chinese place is a soup and a rice dish. I mean if a Chinese restaurant can't get that right then there's no way anything else I order is going to be any good. That philosophy hasn't let me down yet......hmmmmm now if there was just someway to apply that to relationships and I'd be a millionaire.........But, I digress..... back to the food. My no flavor won ton soup was full of ribbons of pork fat (no meat) that still had the veins running through it......blech!!! The house fried rice tasted like old pork, dried-out old chicken, old shrimps mixed with rice that had been fried up in at least 2 month old oil. To make sure I gave this place a fair shake I did refridgerate and attempt to eat the food the next, but to no avail I still began to feel ill immediately after.Now don't get me wrong. I believe all of the opinions about this place are true. But, I also think the lovely folks that live around this neighborhood must have iron-clad stomachs or they have been fed so much bad Chinese food it's been determined that this place is good. It's all relative????..maybe?????Unfortunately, the food I was served was illness-inducing. That's the only way I can honestly describe it.In fact, the following day I felt so sick after taking just a few bites of rice that, out of curiosity, I decided to check out the Dirty Diner report so I could find out if there were any Chinese restaurants around here worth going to. To my shock, but not surprise Ming Gee was at the top of the list for multiple violations. Many of the violations for things that would cause a person to have food poisoning. And that is why for the first time in my life I threw away $20 worth of food with no regrets.To add insult to injury I too was charged this mysterious 12% another Yelper mentioned in a previous post. Funny....when I took my total pre-tax bill and multiplied by 12% my handy-dandy little calculator showed I should have paid more than what I paid. Then I thought maybe they're taxing more the dish that contains shrimp, but even that did not add up. p.s. I waited a few weeks to write this review to see if any other reviews showed up. WHY???? Because there has been a big, fat CLOSED sign on the front door for at least the last week. So-o-o-o-o-o-o my question is how is it a few people have eaten at this restaurant in the last 2 days when the place hasn't been open within the last 2 days?.......hmmmmmm?????Bottom Line: I cannot in good conscience recommend this restaurant to anyone. You are risking your health by eating there IMHO. Also, if their doors do open again expect to pay a higher amount than whatever total you are given online or over the phone.
3	Just moved to the area from Cali and this was my first Chinese food place I came to. Orange chicken was okay. The noodles and rice were really good but the egg rolls tasted weird.
4	I called this place because the people on the phone for the Chinese food delivery place closer to me were rude. The folks here were very polite. The food was good. Although I would not call the portions generous I didn't feel cheated.  There was an issue with the charge to my debit card. They researched the issue and resolved it the same day. Overall I'm pleased with this place.
1	We had not eaten here for a number of months. So my Daughter and I thought we would have it delivered. We got the Orange Chicken and Beef and broccoli. They both had little flavor and the beef was tuff and grisly.  We also got the hot and sour soup and it also lacked flavor.  Very dissapointed. I don't think I will go back.
