3	No matter what new music technology comes out, it will still be fashionable to have a collection of good ol' vinyl and no matter what anyone says it's just plain cool.Record Shak Shop is a rather pricey yet quite decent music store of Edinburgh where you can stock up on your vinyl collection. It doesn't have your usual top chart tunes so if you are a big music fan you can find a unique piece or two.
3	It's amazing that a shop like this can survive not only with the supremacy of large record shops but also the digital music download trend. It shows the persevering strength of such independent shops.Record Shak sells CDs but specialises in vinyl. In this they have great selection of new and old. It's an eclectic mix. Expect to find some great surprises but expect to pay fair a amount for them. Having said this you can come away with some real bargain that you'd be paying the same amount for or more online.The shop has a cool feel inside. The walls are covered in records! It feels unique; the sort of feeling you could only get in an independent shop like it. The staff seem nice and knowledgeable.A great little independent record store that you'll keep coming back to rake through.
5	I don't know about you but I love record shops that pin sleeves on their walls. It shows that the staff are fanatical about music and usually spend their own pounds and pennies on rare 45s and 33s.That definitely seems to be the case at Record Shak where they stock everything from jazz, blues, soul and reggae to folk, country, pop and classical. Most of the stock is secondhand vinyl or CDs but if you look closely, you'll also find some new gems scattered around. Last time I visited, I was lucky enough to find some early Tom Waits albums and an Art Ensemble of Chicago record with some awesome free jazz freakouts. Local musicians should note they also have a noticeboard advertising forthcoming gigs and bands looking for new singers, drummers and guitarists. Sadly, my own talents don't stretch that far. (:
4	I had just bought the Grease soundtrack and vinyl and was high on life when I walked into the Record Shak Record Shop, clutching the record for dear life. I was with a friend of mine who's also really into records. There's a great range of pop, funk, rock and jazz music, but sadly no hip hop or r&b. There's nothing new here and its clientele are older record collectors. Not to say I have any objections at all to old records. I'm dying to get my greedy hands on some Elvis. But I'd also like the option of getting some De La Soul or Handsome Boy Modelling School. It's on Nicolson Street, right next to the Apothecary. The guy who works there had good suggestions, and an encyclopaedic knowledge of music, without being pretentious about it. Definitely a place to stop by if you're into your records.
5	I've only had 1 browse through Record Shak, but it was so perfect, I don't really feel the need to return anytime soon.they had both 99 Luftbalons and Burning Love by Elvis on vinyl. It doesn't get better than that. Had my turntables not been packed away in a cupboard due to space-saving reasons, I may have taken the plunge.
4	I am definitely no DJ / MC / mixmaster funkologist (though that does sound quite cool) but I do like my vinyls. They have a certain retro cool, and I like the sound of them as opposed to CDs, they feel a bit more natural. If you are at all into your records then definitely come here. They have a huge selection of vinyls, with nearly all genres covered. There are some really obscure gems like 13th Floor Elevators, or if you want something a bit more mainstream like The Clash, they have it all.As you've probably noticed from the two previous bands, they tend to sell older music, especially from the 60s and 70s, but there is a good selection of modern stuff. The main genres you'll find are rock, indie, jazz and blues, and there is a noticeable lack or RnB and Hip Hop. However despite this the store is perfect for nearly all your musical needs, and if stuck just ask the owner, who has an incredible knowledge of music and is happy to recommend new artists to you, or have a chat about an old favourite.
4	Record Shak brings back great memories of buying vinyl when I was a teenager in the 90's ( I never got into CD's) and now that I live in the neighbourhood, it's a great shop to pop into every now and then.This shop has always had stuff I've wanted and there's music I probably wouldnt have gone for until I was recommended it by the dude behind the counter.The fact that it's outlasted Our Price, Virgin, Woolies and soon to be HMV says it all for local record shops and for this one in particular. It also has a community notice board for people looking for musicians, flats to let and lessons etc.
