1	Gone to hell in a waste basket. Slam are up coffee is 2 bucks2 slams and 2 coffees over $19
1	Went in on a friday night, we were seated in a far corner away from everyone else, our waitress kept forgetting about us, didn't want to get us refills, my husbands limeade was nasty, and we could see our food sitting in window for the longest time, with so many other restaurants in the area, we won't go back
2	The food is alright, it's Denny's.My biggest problem with this place is the hostess.  She is loud and rude and sadly we were seated right next to the hostess table and I barely made it through breakfast. Our waitress was great, but I can't imagine having to deal with that hostess again, so we'll stay away.
3	It's Denny's.  I've eaten at this one for many years, and through several changes in management, simply because it is conveniently located near my house.   The restaraunt is laid out well, with two main wings (one of which used to be smoking back in the day) so things don't get to noisy, even if it is crowded.   Food is adequate for Denny's (their pancakes and sandwiches have always been pretty tasty) though the quality of the service tends to be a dice roll depending on if you get a new server or not.   This location is generally kept clean so as long as you aren't expecting the world, it's a good place to hit when you want the sit down experience but don't have a lot of extra money to spend.
5	This rating is for their breakfast as we have only had lunch and dinner there once each.  We also feel that we are treated very well when we visit them. The wait staff is always friendly and they seem to work together to get food out. We have been going to this Denny's for over 4 years and have had one mediocre meal. 99% of our visits are for breakfast and we have never been disappointed. The food is always fresh and refills are speedy. We know most of the servers, and Nadia (the hostess) is a wonderful, funny woman.She knows us well enough to give us a hard time if we miss a weekend for breakfast. I usually get he Grand Slam w eggs, turkey bacon, wheat pancakes and extra crispy hash browns. My GF usually does the Moons Over My Hammy Omelet w spinach added.  Always tasty food!
1	It's Denny's--how bad can it be? Well let me tell you...this visit to Denny's was B.A.D. It was over 90 minutes from start to finish and we were seated immediately on a weekday morning. Food came out S.L.O.W and our server was even slower. We didn't get refills nor were they even offered. My husband's pancakes were burnt on the outside and still runny on the inside. The fruit that came with my breakfast had been frozen and wasn't quite thawed out yet. I have eaten at this Denny's before and while the service has never been all that stellar, this was by far the worst visit to a Denny's I've ever experienced and because it's Denny's my expectations are pretty low to begin with. Do yourself a favor and skip this particular Denny's. You will save yourself the aggravation.
1	My home lived very close by This place.I went to this place with my friend at middle night because we were hungry.we have been going to this restaurant a lot but the last when we went there,ewkkkkkkkkkkkkkk. the floor smell just gross. no I should say the whole restaurant smell sooooo gross.we told the waitress that smell very bad,and she told us they are going to remodeling.I hope they do good on remolding otherwise I am not going back again !!!!! and they going to lose more business.
3	Not the friendliest waitress but food was good.
2	The hostess sat us at a table that is designed to expand to the table adjacent to us for larger groups. We sat maybe 20 inches from total strangers with his toddler. Both were quiet but just too close. Made me uncomfortable for the whole duration. Food was quick and I'm a fan of Denny's anyhow (pancakes). The carpet was quite dirty which makes the whole place seem dirty. Just an observation
1	Worst Dennys ive ever been to. Waited 30 minutes for a half plate of food. Waitress was unattentive. Meanwhile our buddies in the table next to us ate, payed the bill, and were completely done before WE EVEN GOT OUR FOOD. The manager offered no discount or comp or anything for our troubles. Thats pretty bad service. Id give it half a star if i could..
1	I've been coming to this Denny's for years.  They usually have decent food and decent to good servers.  It's Denny's so you know what you're getting and you're getting what you pay for.  However, I went to this location with my family after a late night out and could not have had a more terrible waitress.  There were five of us in my group and we were seated right away since it was about 4am and there were only 2 or 3 other tables with people.  Our waitress, Alisha, took our drink orders then didn't come back for about 30 minutes with 4 out of the 5 drinks.  She took our food orders and we didn't see her again until about 15 minutes later when she brought some of the orders.  My father was missing the bacon and avocado on his burger, my mother had tarter sauce on her burger instead of mayo, my uncle got no syrup or butter with his pancakes, my aunt still did not have her drink, and my order was never brought to the table.  After she dropped off the incomplete order she wandered away (there was only one other waitress there and she was handling all the other tables and working her butt off).  The next time I saw the waitress to try and flag her down she yelled across the restaurant that my order was on the way and to be patient.  Finally, we just got up to leave.  We went to the front to pay and the waitress ran over and said she was really busy so she was sorry my order didn't come.  We told her about all the issues we had, no drink refills, missing items in the orders, long waits, etc. and she continued to say we should be patient because she was busy (still only 3 other tables occupied at the restaurant and all being handled by the other waitress).  Absolutely terrible service and I can't believe the nerve of that waitress.  She deserves to be fire for service like that.
5	Recently remodeled , very friendly, seated right away , got order right , service was excellent!!!!... Michael T, was a great waiter!!!!...Great Job!!!!
5	I have never had bad service at this location. The food is always spot on and I am greeted with a friendly hostess. Last night I went and no one greeted me, the service was slow (because they were busy and only had three waiters on) AND I still left satisfied. Alicia really helped us out and did a great job keeping our waters full and our food came as promptly as it could. GREAT customer service will keep me coming back to this location. Plus THUMBS UP for the new decor!
2	Service was good. I had a very nice waitress named Andrea who was very attentive and friendly. Food, however, wasn't that great. I had a meat lovers omelette; it was extremely dry and tasteless. When I went to pay for my food, the hostess was "busy" and I waited 10 minutes for her to ring me up. She wasn't friendly at all and quite standoff-ish. The only smile I got while there was from my waitress. Paying $13 for a bad omelette and drink definitely wasn't worth it.
5	If you got to this Denny's get only Austin or Michael and I guarantee your service will be great!
1	I like Denny's      But this place is low quality for its high traffic  the food is not all that good   I have seen a few people who are not satisfied with this service this will be one Dennie's I won't come back to
1	Went in at about 940pm. There were 4-5 people working and about 2 different guests eating. We were sat and told someone would be right with us. 20 minutes later and no one had come to say hi or take our order. All the employees were behind the counter talking and joking. We got up and walked up and will never return. What a horrible example of customer service.
2	Very disappointing. Stopped in by myself mid morning for a quick breakfast.  The restaurant was not busy and the wait staff seemed to be on top of things.  I sat at the counter so had a good view of orders being entered, plated and the two cooks.  The kitchen was obviously understaffed and communication was a problem as I witnessed waiters often correcting the finished plates and plates being returned.  I saw a hamburger that was plated and ready for delivery and I timed it over 15 minutes before the cook prepared the rest of that table's order.  I expected the customer to send it back as "cold".  My senior meal of 1 waffle, 1 egg, 2 bacon took 25 minutes.  The Belgian waffle tasted as bland as any toaster waffle.Won't go back.  On a positive note. my waitress was friendly.
1	Holy crap! This place did not give us utensils until we got our meal. Which sucked because I could not stir my coffee and therefore it was cold.  We asked twice for utensils, as did other tables around us, however they were only served with our meal.  There was also a 40+ min wait between ordering and being served.
3	It seemed like every Denny's I have ever been to ever everywhere. Coffee was pretty good, service on multiple fill ups was ok.
4	Asked for and received my breakfast my way.  $4 value slam. Did you know they have 99 cent add-ons like bacon? Plus AARP gets 15% discount.
4	Denny's to us has never been a place you really go to.  You just sort of end up there.  We were pleasantly surprised.  It's been about 3 years since I last visited any Denny's and through a wrong lane change on Bell road and a parking space right out front, we decided to try the "new look."We were surprised.   Denny's has stepped up their game, revised the menu and revamped the restaurant.  The food was actually pretty good.  We opted to split nachos and split a sandwich and they were better than most other places.  Trust me - I can't believe I am typing this either!   We will be back.  Ask for Kevin as a waiter too.  He was a gem!
1	this place nuse to be run down dirty with bad service but now its nice and clean. but the sad sad thing is the waitress still suck big time. you have to ask for straws for you cold drinks and forgets to re fills and pretty much anything you ask for. when it comes to paying she gives big smile for tips. its not your smile that makes tips, it your good service. owner or management when you gonna get it right. im doing you a favor by coming here. she even served badly burnt toast which should of never came to my table. i gave the benefit of doubt but as usual still this place suck with service. will not ever come back again.
1	We had stopped coming to Denny's a few years ago because we found the menu to be lacking. This last summer we started frequenting Denny's again while in San Diego and were lured back in because the food was so good with generous portions. It must be that the Denny's in California are better because we were really disappointed with this location. The fact that there was only one couple in the whole restaurant when we walked in should have been the first clue. While our waitress was nice and attentive, the food was just not up to par. The portions were extremely small to begin with. I ordered  a philly cheese steak sub with onion rings, well, I only got five onion rings. While five onion rings should suffice, these were small onion rings, really small. My plate looked so empty that they were awkwardly spread around the plate as to not make the plate look so empty. The same with the side of fries  my son got with his burger, although he ordered from the adult menu,they seemed like a kids order from McDonalds. I understand they follow portions but this was just ridiculous, it seemed as if the cook was paying out of pocket for our meal and that is why he skimped out so much. I'm sure our portions were below the standard they had to follow because it was just not enough. My husband stated his hash browns were horrible, he described them as having a texture similar to rubber. Needless to say, for the fifty dollar tab plus tip, it was just not worth it. I'm pretty sure we could of had a way better deal somewhere else and will once again stop frequenting Denny's. I think this time for good.
1	After walking in and not being greeted in any way I asked a cashier what the wait was like for a booth for two and her only response was to roll her eyes and say I have no idea but you can sit at the counter if you want. We waited and were finally seated by someone else. FIFTEEN minutes into sitting with our menus closed not a single person had acknowledged my wife and I yet every other table around us had been helped and had food. We finally walked out without being acknowledged yet again and went to IHOP where within five minutes of walking in we had our drinks at the table and food ordered. I know where my money is going for breakfast in the future.
3	Chicken fried steak more like chicken fried doodoo, nastiest chicken fried steak I ever had in my life. I'll stick to the breakfast menu.
4	Our server Jordyn was really nice. The food came out pretty fast and everything tasted great.
