3	I've always been pleased with this Goodyear for oil changes and basic maintenance.  They are always extremely nice and courteous to work with.  The service is typically fast, unless they're extremely busy that day, and they do their best to get you on your way quickly.  If you're planning to stick around while they work on your car, there is a decent waiting room with plenty of seats, magazines and a TV.   (Hopefully you like the smell of new tires, which can be a little overwhelming in the small building!)  If you can't stand to sit and wait but don't have someone dropping you off, they are conveniently located across the street from Stonecrest shopping center.  So you can grab a bite to eat or some coffee while they work on your car.Compared to other auto centers in the Ballantyne area, Goodyear is reasonably priced for a good experience.  Like all auto service centers you won't leave without being encouraged to purchase further services and spend more money on your car, but if you tell them no thanks they won't push it.  I'll continue using them for oil changes with their convenient location and courteous staff.
1	This may have to be the worst managed repair shop I've even experienced.  Brought my car in for some AC repairs.  They unleashed a self-admitted under performing repair tech ( whom the subsequently fired) on my evaporator.  I go on to pick up my car and find my personal belongings, and a bunch or extra screws and fasteners literally thrown all around the vehicle.  Had to bring it back three times to correct reassembly mistakes, each time the mangers tells me the squeaks and rattles aren't their fault..even thou I give him a handful of saws and fasteners that I found on the floor.   They took my money, did a lousy job and refused to make it right. Run far and fast!
4	No one likes to visit car care places... who likes the generally unexpected costs of being an adult?  And car maintenance costs are like movie theater concession prices - THAT much money for THAT?!?!  I have been to this Goodyear a few times, I live less than 2 miles from here.  The service has always been friendly. As a female, it's always a concern that I am being taken advantage of because I am not knowledgeable of those things vehicular, but I have not really felt like I have been up-sold or offered things that I didn't necessarily need.  They have patched some tires for me (put the spare on for me a couple of times until I could afford a new tire - I will be doing a review of my apartment complex and how their new roof and siding project has ruined 4 tires in less than 7 months), new battery, oil changes and some other miscellaneous fixes.  This service center is located next to some restaurants if you are going to be there for a while, or directly across from Stonecrest if you are going to be there for a long while.  Today's visit was another freakin' screw in my tire, which couldn't be repaired because of the location of the screw in the tire (I was expecting that it wouldn't  be a repair, but a replacement), but once I explained it was two days before Christmas and I don't  have the scratch for a new tire, they put the spare on to get me around until payday.  I was there for about 30 minutes (maybe less, I was watching HGTV on the flat screen they have in the waiting area) and the cost for putting my spare on was $10.  The waiting area is clean, with a TV and magazines.  The chairs are as comfortable as you can expect for a waiting area, which is nice.  Another plus of this location is weekend hours.  I can't always take off of work for repairs, so it's nice to have 2 weekend days to take care of life's little "DAMMIT" moments.
1	DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM HERE! They are absolute crooks and will lie to you and overcharge you. While discussing the prices of some new tires, I laid my NEW phone down on the desk and they had the audacity to steal it then deny it. The employees are thieves, do not shop here. Unless you want your personal belongings stolen, avoid this store. Do not trust these employees with your car, take your business elsewhere
5	Conveniently located.  I've always found the guys to be super friendly and professional.Recently had a flat spot on tire.  No discernible event or damage.  They went to bat for me with goodyear, got a pretty substantial credit.Could have easily tagged me for another new (second) tire but didn't.  They even called dealer, made inquiry re wear parameters and said, "you don't need it."Similarly, had them change out pads and rotors on back.  They were honest and said, "you still have about 25% left on front," so again didn't take advantage of situation.Dropped car off later in pm Saturday and they called first thing Sunday, done!Good job y'all.
