5	This is a great baby boutique.  Yes... It's a boutique.  Most of the stuff here is the pricey stuff you might not find in Babies R Us or Target. But it does have the eye candy stuff that you might find in the magazines... or see in People magazine with the celebrities.  Don't get me wrong... There is regularly priced stuff but there are also the $1000 strollers and the overpriced clothes.  The staff was very helpful in helping us with the different types of baby gear.  We had done most of our research before going but we very happy to see that they were very knowledgeable in the product lines that they carried.  I would definitely recommend it as a stop for anyone who's expecting a baby.  There are things that I would have wanted if I hadn't already ordered it online.
1	My wife and I are expecting our second child.  We have actually been here a couple of times.  It certainly is a boutique with some expensive strollers that you usually see movie stars carting their little ones in.  We went over the president's day weekend.  We went there for a specific product.  My wife wanted to get an  Ergo baby carrier for our daughter now and the new baby coming.  So I stayed back and with our daughter and we were looking a some comfy chairs.  My wife was on a mission and knew what she was looking for.  She found the Ergo in the back of store and then came and got us so we could all try it on and see if it was going to work.  We spent a good 45 minutes, both of us trying it on with our daughter fighting us the whole way.  In the mean time I couldn't help but notice this other couple that was being helped about the same time we walked in.  I overheard them talking about baby monitors and they were wondering if the range would be sufficient because their home was over 5000 square feet.  This associate was at their feet helping them.  At the end we finished with the Ergo and I asked my wife did anyone ever offer you any help since we walked in?  She said no, and on the way out we saw several associates just hanging out.  It was very obvious to me that this terrible establishment caters to a certain demographic here in Las Vegas.  Please don't waste your time in this pretentious store.  Everything they offer can be purchased online and in some cases Babies R Us.  Apparently visually we didn't meet the standards required to get the right amount of service from this sales staff.  This is one local business that doesn't want our money and will never get it! It is a shame because we were ready to purchase this item from them and we decided to pass.  Just a hello would of saved our business.
4	Dagermans Just For Kids is a boutique store on steroids.  On my first visit there, it's easy to get swept away by all the fancy crib set ups and adorable baby things.  As Jennifer L. pointed out, this is a boutique store and along with that comes the boutique prices.  But the cool thing about boutiques is that you find things that you don't normally see at the chain stores.On this occasion, we were in search of baby carriers and knew they would be in the back per Ernesto R.'s review.  However, we were a bit distracted by the latest and greatest of strollers - the Orbit.  This is the new Bugaboo of strollers and comes with a hefty price tag in the range of $1000.  The employees were more than happy to show us how it works and we were impressed, although not quite sold.  We eventually made our way to the back where we found a variety of carriers, especially the ErgoBaby.  We wanted to try it on for size and see how the Baby liked it.  The employee was really helpful with assisting us and bringing out an Infant Carrier so we could try it out.  They weren't overly pushy with assistance and left us alone to wander around as well.Specialty high chairs - specifically the Swan and Stokke are also available here and it gave me a chance to look it over and ponder if this was the kind of thing we wanted in our kitchen.Our second visit came as a result of Groupon!  Dagermans was featured and we definitely took advantage of this coupon.  There was one particular bodysuit we had our eye on during that first visit and purchased it this time around.  We also discovered the Mustela line of baby products, and definitely appreciated their insight on these items and the samples provided too.There were employees offering their assistance left and right, which I did appreciate.  This is a rather large store though, so you need to take your time to absorb everything they sell.  This time around I got to really look at a few of the more unique items while the Husband focused on the Baby's convertible car seat.Apparently, you can also create a Baby Registry with them!  Fancy that!We'll be going back for sure, especially with those groupons on hand!  Definitely worth a visit to see what else there is beyond your typical chain baby store.
1	After a trip to Dagermans on recommendation and also because they carry Orbit travel systems, I have to say it is nothing more than an expensive Babies R Us with wretched customer service. I was perfectly ready to drop $$$$ for an Orbit Travel System and finally after 15 minutes of wandering around, I finally received some "help," which was really not helpful. He basically told me that the system I wanted wasn't what I needed for various reasons that made no sense. He seemed not at all interested in selling me anything. I would not recommend this store at all and it has nothing to do with price because with price you get quality, but because of the terrible customer service. They have lost my business. They had very traditional nursery sets and you can pick up similar designs in most baby stores. They had a wide selection of strollers, car seats, and travel systems and a few cool items such as breathable sleep systems and a couple of trendy diaper bags.Overall a very disappointing waste of gas.
1	Closed
