2	I am conflicted about Studio Jewelers. They have a gorgeous selection of jewelry and I love the wedding rings that we bought there. But I regret to say that we found their customer service to be almost non-existent and had a negative experience with them overall. After looking over their lovely selection, I fell in love with the rings designed by Studio Vincent in Minneapolis. We decided to go through Studio Jewelers to have rings custom made from there (I had my grandmother's engagement diamond placed in one of their settings and my husband had one designed to match). We made it clear that this was our first time ordering rings like this, but they offered very little professional advice or information about how it would work or what to expect. When we picked up the rings, they unceremoniously handed them across the counter and bid us on our way, without checking the fit or gauging our response to them. Mine was perfect; I absolutely love it. My husband's, however, arrived a quarter size smaller than he ordered it and almost a whole size smaller than it should have been. It also was not the style he was expecting. The blame for this does not rest entirely with Studio Jewelers; we should have been more vigilant. However, that we were surprised by the style and that it was sized wrong speak, I think, to issues with the way they run their business. Moreover, given that these were to be our wedding rings and that I was handing over to them a very (emotionally, though not monetarily) valuable diamond, I found their lack of communication about the process of sizing and ordering the rings bizarre. Ultimately, we had to have my husband's ring remade, for which we paid. They tried to make up for it  by paying the cost of shipping and buying us (a very good) bottle of champagne--a nice effort to fix a situation that I think could have easily been avoided with better customer care. In the end, we're very happy with our rings, but bitter about the experience. If we were to do it all over again, we would have made the drive to Minneapolis to order the rings from Studio Vincent directly.
1	I DO NOT recommend this Jeweler based on their very poor customer service. I brought in three rings: two to be polished and a silver ring to be downsized by a quarter. Whitney said casually when I was in the store "it shouldn't be too expensive."  Well, charging me $150 to downsize a silver ring by .25 is more expensive than the cost of the ring. Charging me $150 to polish two very small rings is ridiculous when other places do just as good of a job for $40 or less.  When my husband called asking for explanations on pricing, the manager of the store for 30 some odd years told him she would roll back the security tape to show us a little sign in the store stating their hourly rate is $78 and then hung up on him. If this is how they treat customers for small services like polishing ($150) and resizing ($150) rings I would not trust them with any of my other jewelry needs.  Background: we are young professionals with experience with various jewelers in the U.S. where we have lived.  We don't have unreasonable expectations and are nice people wanting to support small local businesses.  This business is a bad representation of small local Wisconsin businesses._____________UPDATE:  The Studio Jewelers Response to my review is mostly false.  It inaccurately describes the conversations that took place and the interactions between myself, my husband, and them.  They are accusing an unhappy customer of attempting to blackmail them, which should tell you a lot about them frankly.  I have notified Yelp of the falsified information in their response which obviously does not follow Yelp's guidelines.
5	Maybe they read the reviews and upped their game, but the customer service was really good. We found some designs we liked and we able to talk to the artist immediately. Everyone was very welcoming and seemed genuinely interested in our ideas.
1	They didn't seem enthusiastic about helping me w/ a custom design. And, the cat they have wandering the store vomited at my feet.
