4	I am not a huge fan of 'My Big Fat Greek Restaurant' places around here but this one's better than any other. They have a similar menu with smaller portion size. But that size is actually perfect for lunch and they have almost all lunch items for $5. Optimized portion with minimized price... Works perfect !I am not sure if they have a full bar but definitely have a lot of beers and some wines. Euros or pita wraps are my favorites for lunch... Overall, a very decent and cost effective place for lunch (and may be early dinners) with faster and efficient service that other Greek places around...
4	Has most of the great stuff of the full size cousin but with lower cost. My girlfriend and I stopped in here and ordered dinner. the food tasted just as great but i was able to eat it from home while watching a movie. I've never had the fries before and decided to have them with my lamb souvlaki (how ever its spelled) and they tasted great. my only complaint is that we ordered a hummus appetizer and it only came with 2 pitas, when we needed 3 or 4. you order from a counter like you would from in-n-out or other fast food place, they give you a number and in our case they brought it to our table in a plastic bag ready to go.
4	In my opinion, this is one of the best restaurants on and/or near Baseline Rd in Tempe.Their service is great! You will be greeted from the time that you step a foot through their door. Unfortunately, per today's so-called standards this is not a very common courtesy. If you a first time customer or a returning customer, you can ask the person behind a counter to recommend a meal for you or you can ask for a minute or five. As a very indecisive person when it comes to choosing an item from a menu... I really, REALLY appreciate it when I do not feel rushed when it comes to making such an important decision in my overwhelmed life. :PI haven't tried too many things from their menu because I usually stick to my favorite: Award Winning Gyro Lunch/ Dinner. A plate of delicious slices of beef and lamb, carved off the rotisserie, served with fresh toasted pita.Lunch is served with your choice of the sides... Oh, and did I mentioned that their prices are extremely affordable! $5-$13 price range!!So, enjoy your meal and make sure that you do get a chance to turn around as you are walking out because they WILL thank you for coming!Kudos to you... my dear My Big Fat Greek Express owners and employees for making my oh-so-many dining experiences pleasant! I shall forever cherish thee!!
4	This place is great.  They have the best veggie burger - yes veggie burger - that I have probably ever had.  It is spinach based and has chopped jalapenos in it for some kick.  When I buy an entree, my kid eats for free.  So not only is the food good but it's very fairly priced as well.  And much better than the regular Big Fat Greek Restaurants around town.
4	I am a big fan of this place and probably eat here about once per month.  Most of the reviews on here are on point about the food.  The portions are big and reasonably priced and all it all tastes pretty good.  I really do think that the BFG organziation churns out some pretty decent Greek food.  However, I do have a complaint about this place in particular though.  The menu is waaaay to big and they offer waaaay too many choices.  I think they offer ribs now.  What is next?  Fish tacos? Steak?  I always dread going in here because I know its going to take me forever to mull over the menu and make a choice.  They have every conceivable Greek (and probably non-Greek) food item in every conceivable combination listed on their menu.  They seriously need to cut the thing in half and stick to a few main dishes.  Oh, and the bathroom is pretty gross.Anyway, the food comes out quick and is very good.  I love the fresh pitas!
4	Great spot for lunch!  Lunch special:  Very afordable and tasty gyro pita w/Greek salad for about five bucks.
5	In my opinion this is one of the best restaurants in the area of Baseline and Mill.  I actually drive from SE Chandler to eat here!  The staff is wonderful (not something you find much of anymore), the food is even better and the price is excellent in this struggling economy.  Don't miss this gem of a restaurant!
4	This place is great.... the sangria is legit!  It's very tasty and on the happy hour menu.  The food is amazing and is served in large portions.  Greek Express is a great casual dining spot in Tempe and in addition to great food and happy hour prices, the staff is super nice and very friendly!!
4	A smaller version of the original with the same great entrees. This place is right down the street from my house and for that I am greatful. The food is always good, not matter what you order. We are especially fond of the meat lovers plate. It's a lot of food that can be spread out over many meals.The service here has always been pretty good. The food is prepared fast and the service is equally as fast. There's not much else to say about the place except that it's good food, good service at a decent price. They also have a pretty decent bar are if you are interested.
5	This place isn't in my neighborhood but I wish it was.  For a Thursday afternoon at 2 there was a line, always a good sign.  I got the falafel pita which was nom nom delicious.  It also came with a greek salad that was fresh and crisp, lots of feta, tomatoes and olives.  The pita was thick and chewy the falafel crispy on the outside, soft and not dry on the inside.  There is a delicate balance when making falafel!For under $10 dollars I got a plate full of food and a glass of wine, perfect!
4	I love Greek food of any kind, and am happy that I found this place.  Its a toned down, fast version my my big fat greek resturants....kind of like how Pei Wei is to PF Changs.I had a really nice time here last night, and it really hit the spot.  I went for the Gyro as I always do, along with a pop and a Greek Salad.  I got all this for like $7.65!  Holy smokes!I will be back again, and had a tasty dinner here that really made my tummy happy.  Totally worth it!
4	Haven't been here in months. I live across the street and am wondering why IStopped coming here. Oh yeah, anyway ordered the express pita chx souvlaki w/side salad and water $6.50..plate came out full of salad and a pita with 3 good size pieces of chx, side of tzatziki. Salad was good had tomato, cucumber, red onion, feta, oregano, and dressing. Perfectly coated and fresh. Chx was okay a little dry but liked the grilled taste. Came out quick, good service. Will be back..4 stars for overall experience...
5	A friend lives right buy this place and we didn't know it was there for a while, but we now love it.  Like the larger My Big Fat Greek Restaurants but in a more a fast casual type setting.  A good place to get a quick meal, maybe watch some of the game.  It is one of the nicer fast casual Greek places I have eve been too with a pretty wide selection of options.  The sandwiches were delicious and came with some really good fries.  The portions are quite large and well in line with the price.  Will have to make sure to go back, a lot.
4	Great place to suit many people with a bar, good eats, seating in and out, plus good service. I'd recommend this place to pretty much anyone!
5	What a deal! The staff is so friendly and the service is super quick. Their Express Pitas are an amazing value! They are huge (the chicken beast and gyro are the best) and come with fries or a really tasty Greek salad for $5. That's right 5 bucks! Trust me you WILL be full and still feel good about what you ate.The chicken shawarma is a bit dry, I like the breast better. The hummus is very good. We have come in and just bought pitas to go, they are so soft and chewy. Happy Hour is all day and they have a hot wing eating contest. I'm not sure why the bar isn't busier, but hey, more room for me! They always have off the menu specials that sound wonderful. This place is nothing like the other Big Fat's and I'm completely OK with that. It has a quaint, local feel. OPA!!
4	Went here for lunch today and was quite impressed! I read all of the favorable reviews on here (of course) and I will definitely return. We had the Greek Fries and they were uber-garlicky but yummy (a tad on the salty side). I had the Spanakopita (or I like to pronounce "Spank-A-Pita") with rice, veggies and roasted potatoes. It was pretty tasty! My friends and I sat out on the patio and it happened to be a sunny day, so it was a great lunch. Plus, you can't beat the low prices - very reasonable!
5	Drove in to check out TV's next to My Big Fat Greek Express from avondale and was getting hungry.  Nick at "Best Deal in Town" TV's suggested the "greek" restaurant next door.  Now i am not one for greek food, but my wife loves it.... so i kindly obliged.We walked in and were greeted in a cheery manner and told to order at the counter and sit anywhere we liked.  We sat back and studied the menu without being pressured at all.  I noticed a couple of lunch "deals" that included beer.... and thought... wow that is a great deal.  I was sold at the "reuben" sandwich.  My wife ordered the gyro and fries.  The food was prepared fast and hot.  I took one bite of my Reuben and was instantly impressed.  the use of some sort of "chipotle" sauce in coleslaw in lieu of sauerkraut was amazing!  I could be totally off the mark on this, but that is what i tasted!  the fries were perfect and my wife loved the tzatzaki sauce.We had a great conversation with one of the young men working there, who was related by marriage to the owner.  We told him how awesome we thought lunch was and he graciously accepted our compliments.  My wife told him about how she enjoyed her meal and especially the sauce..... he went and got some for her to take with her!  Now that is AWESOME!  We can't wait to go back. Thanks MBFG express for a great lunch!
4	Good price. Pretty good gyros. con... they need to clean the tables down.
4	Great value...and the Greek Fries are sinfully good!!
5	I absolutely LOVE this place and have eaten here probably 100 times since they opened. My favorites on the menu are the artichoke salad, portabella pita and the Greek fries. It's cheap, SUPER fast and sooo good! They have constant happy hour!! Mt. Olympus crisp is on the happy hour menu and sooooo good and cheap. They make Greek beer that's awesome as well. I'm going there right now. Mmmm...artichokes...OH! And the staff is great too! They are always super helpful and nice.
5	This is a fantastic little bar/restaurant.  I love any place that has good food and a real bar.Wings - very very goodGyros - Super deal, and super tasty, $5 for Gyro and Fries!Other Greek food - AmazingDesserts - Yum!This is the perfect spot to have lunch if you are in South Tempe.  I have a hard time not stopping here when I go to Lowes on Baseline and Rural.
4	Great food and good prices. Nice simple pricing system and the baklava is to die for!
4	I've hit the express a few times to dine in and had my first carryout experience recently.The express location is a great idea. The menu is a little more limited than the locations in Glendale and downtown Tempe. You receive a sizable amount of food with your entree order. I have yet to be able to finish off the gyro platter in one sitting. That's saying something.You get a sizable amount of gyro meat, fresh veggies, rice and potatoes.You receive good value for your money for the amount of food you receive here. You won't go away hungry after an entree order.The staff is nice and friendly. During my carryout order, my order was ready as stated. I arrived and the bartender was placing my items in the to go bag. There is nothing worse than having your food sit and sit or not be ready as expected.There is outdoor seating and plenty of space inside to eat either in the main dining area or in the bar sitting. There are TV's to watch the game as well.
3	it's really no different from the regular "my big fat greek restaurant" other than you order from the counter. the food is just as good and the prices seemed the same- i'd rather go to the actual restaurant but for carryout, i enjoyed it
5	A yummy lunch for $5? Heck yea! I've got to give My Big Fat Greek Restaurant props for their "order at the counter" version! They have a lunch special from 11-3 for a gyro plus salad or fries.  It may just be in the summer... I don't know, but it's a good deal.  Good size portion and healthy too! Can't beat that! Express restaurant gets an express five star rating.
1	My boyfriend and our out of town guest decided to go here this past Saturday for a late lunch.  Now mind you I've gone to this place a hand full of times and only live in Phoenix for a year.  I love Greek food and was so excited to find a Greek place that my boyfriend could enjoy and eat at.  All I could picture was the Chicken Souvalki pita with a side Greek Salad.  The salad would be so cool, crisp and amazingly hot day.  In my dream it did not include extra protein of a dirty live black bug!!!  Our hostess brought us our plates in the bar and I began eating my salad so excited.  After about six bites a piece of lettuce started to moved and then a black bug crawled out of my salad.  I screamed with fear and disgust.  My boyfriend brought the plate right over to the hostess and all she said was sorry.  Then she came over to me and said that they wash the lettuce everyday and the only reason they would have a bug infestation was because it was hot outside and people coming in.  Then she said she would make me another plate.  Ummm hello if the lettuce is only washed once a day and people have to come in and out because it's a restaurant then why would the next salad be any different?  She didn't offer to reimburse us for our food or give us a voucher to come back.  I was so disgusted by the bug and the various excuses that we won't be going back.  I'm sad to say good-bye to such a great place but I won't be sad saying good-bye to bug infested salads!
5	I just returned home after having lunch here with some very close friends. I highly recommend anyone who adores Greek food to go here and have lunch. I ordered the Gyro pita with fries and a drink - all for under $10.00 (tip included). I had never been here before, but all of my friends were excited about trying it out and I was not disappointed. Great food, awesome service and friends.
2	Mediocre at best. Pricing is incorrect on their menu and they refuse to match it. The food is the furthest thing from greek. I guess the lunch special has a lot of food for your money but everything is really greasy. Not a fan.
4	My work friends and I are regular lunch goers to MBFGE and my husband and I live around the neighborhood - every visit has been a great visit!  The price can't be beat, the food is tasty, and the service can't be beat :-)  It's nice to have an alternative to fast food in Tempe that won't break the bank!
5	Must admit I like casual restaurants like this plus I love Mediterranean food.Great choices for Vegetarians - super friendly staff, good choice of beer, plenty of seating and food tasted great.We usually make the mistake of ordering too much food....
5	Excellent food! I do say the service isn't always the best, but the outcome of the food exceeds my expectations. Definitely recommend ordering the Artichoke Salad! Not what you'd expect out of a typical boring salad! Not just stuffed with a large amount of dull, boring lettuce, but filled with spices and tons of flavor.
4	I stopped in here on a whim this past spring, looking for places that were good for me to work at - places that have my big three:1. Good Food2. Outlets3. Free wifiDING DING DING!!!I LOVE greek food, I love hummus, I love pita ... this place is nice and casual, with a fun staff (the manager Michael is really cool). And ladies, HOLY EYE CANDY. The Tempe Fire Department is always in there grabbing lunch. :DSo nice to have a side of beefcake with my Greek salad!
3	Great food and atmosphere. Staff are very friendly. I find that they are a little heavy on the salt sometimes, so give them the heads up to take it easy on the salt.
3	So Ive been to My Big Fat Greek Restaurant and I've always had great meals. When I saw the express I thought what a great idea for takeout at work. 3 co-workers and I ordered. I ordered the Gyro lunch platter with 2 sides, I ordered the rice pilaf and potatoes. Portions were generous, gyro meat was pretty good, meat didn't taste as fresh as it could be and same goes for the rice and potatoes. Potatoes tasted way too salty. The price was fair. My co-worker ordered the lamb souvlaki lunch portion. I felt sorry for him when he opened his meal, he received 1 skewer of lamb, that is hardly a lunch portion, he was very disappointed cost was $7. He however liked the potatoes. 3rd co-worker ordered $5 Gyro and $2 side salad, his portion seemed generous, he said he liked it. Overall 2 of the 3 meals were a miss, I honestly don't think I would go there again, wasn't overly impressed
4	I've been driving by this place for nearly 5 years! I've truly been missing out, this place is a lunch time gem. As of lately I've been craving Greek food and this place really fits the bill.  Great $5 Lunch menu that includes a Pita and fries or salad. I got the  Chicken Souvlaki Pita with the small Greek salad. The pita was warm, moist, and perfectly fresh tasting. The chicken was seasoned to my liking. The Tzatziki sauce was amazing and came on the side so you can cover your pita to your liking. There was plenty of seating in the restaurant and outside. I plan on going back soon to try the Hummus and Gyros. OPA!
4	I love this joint. Now I will be honest... I only hop in for a gyro, and at times I add fries.  Now the gyro... if you've had a gyro, you're familiar with eating an awkward meat shaved from what seems to be a huge stump of meat.  Or as I call it... delicious.  But the rest of it works well here.  Not too much sauce, but not too little.  Meat is at an appropriate level instead of overpowering.  Staff is friendly and fast.  Only down is the fries.  It kinda upsets me that so many awesome places give you generic fries for a side.  However, never a reason to ditch a place (and with this place, it is like having a generically beautiful girlfriend with a hideous friend that hangs out if you ask her to), so check it out.  And I hear the plates are awesome as well.  I'm just too broke to offer an opinion.
4	I haven't tried everything on the menu yet, but the lamb souvlaki and the Keftides (meatballs) were great. The pita bread was excellent, thick, spongy, fluffy, and the Tzatziki (cucumber yogurt sauce) was perfect. I found the Spanokopita (spinach & feta turnover) a bit soggy and not the little triangles I'm used to--it was a big rectangle, enough for two or three people. But it's not portions that make great food, it's taste, so one star off for that. Service was casual, fine, no problem. I'll be going back for sure.
3	I wanted something different then the normal lunchtime eateries and asked a friend if she was up to joining me for lunch, she said yes! I had heard from another friend that My Big Fat Greek Restaurant had an express restaurant up the street from work and thought that was the place I am going to try!  Worked my way up the counter and was greeted by a noninterested/rude teller who looked and acted like she had better things to do then take my order.  I dismissed that and placed my order anyways, I ordered the Aegean Club minus the gyro meat, because I am not a fan of lamb, but when I asked to have the gyro meat removed I got an eye roll, then I asked for it to be paired with a Greek salad and would like a water for drink (I don't drink soda and wasn't in the mood for tea) then my friend placed her order and bill was rang up I handed her the card and asked her if there was a to go menu, since this was my 1st there I wanted to see what all they had to offer, without a single word she looked at me then looked to the left as in dummy don't you see them right there.   Ok it's the rude service at the cash teller that I base my 3 star rating on, if there was a 2 &  1/2 star option I would take that, because at the end of the day, it's a fast food business, it's the tellers job to take my order and maybe answer a question or 2 I might have since this was my 1st time to this establishment, and now I am left with the impression that really I don't want to go back and place another order.The Aegean Club, omg it was delish! It was a great pita, tender chicken, bacon!!! tzatziki, lettuce, tomato and a chipotle mayo on it, it normally comes with gyro meat, but I'm not a fan of lamb so I had it removed! It was so yummy!!  I paired it with a Greek Salad and that was a perfect combo!! Great pita sandwich, but bad customer service, I don't see me going back any time soon.
5	I love this place, not only is the food so delicious but the service is amazing! On my birthday they made me feel like part of the family, they were having another celebration for the family that owns the place and they all came in and even sang to me!!! Made my day!!!! They are so patient, I have the pickiest family and they broke it down for them and made everything amazing and so delicious! it's a rare chance I can take my whole family somewhere and have not one complain! Thanks guys you are the best! Oh and the Garden Veggie burger is to die!!!!
4	Wanted to try a new place for lunch today, but didn't want to pay too much. A friend told me about this place & so I had to check it out. The girl behind the counter was very friendly and helpful when we placed our orders. I had the Famous gyro plate in the lunch portion. We had to wait about 15 minutes for the food to come, but it was worth it. There was a big pile of gyro meat with the yogurt sauce and pita in the side so it was like a build your our gyro. I didn't know it didn't come with onions, but it was still great! It did come with 2 sides & i picked the lemon potatoes & stemed veggies. The veggies were great. Perfectly cooked with just a little crunch left & seasoned very well! The potatoes tasted great, but were over cooked & a little soggy. But the Gyro was perfect. They have great pita bread here. I even ordered a side of garlic hummus & extra pita to take home for later. I took a tiny bite & it is pretty yummy!The lunch plate was only $5 which makes it a great place to stop in. I had more than enough food & the price was right to have me keeping this little place in mind when I go out to lunch to grab a bite.I can't wait to come back & try more of their menu out!
3	The food was decent, the service was fast enough, but the cashier was rude & snobby.
4	i ordered a my big fat burger with fries.  i could not believe how good the meat was!  it was pretty dang good.  this is a place that i would enjoy going back to.the service was friendly while they take your order.
5	Best Greek salad!!!
3	The service is quick, though very impersonal.Their gyro is good, but the meat is a bit too oily/greasy for me. Their cucumber sauce is absolutely amazing, though. The pita is average.Their side greek salad is... a joke. It comes with a sort of ranch dressing, which is pretty ridiculous.My Big Fat Greek Express is also a bit pricier than the tastier and friendlier Pita Shack which is only a block away.BOTTOM LINE: I only come here when Pita Shack is closed.
4	Not a bad thing on the menu and extremely reasonable (price wise).  And ironically, maybe the best pulled pork sandwich in the valley!  Atmosphere is rather dive-ish however in my opinion, it adds to the charm.
4	My husband love this place because it is so close to home and affordable and with kids, we like that it is quick, but it is not always so quick.  That is why I call ahead to place my order.  But we always get the chicken souvlaki pita, dolmades (not very many mediterranean places have meat dolmades, always vegetarian)  and for me, the lamb gyro.  Comfort food for us.  There are other restaurants along this strip mall so it is always festive and ready for people watching.  I always find parking...
5	Delicious food! Awesome service!  Great Price!  I am a vegetarian and it is difficult to find a restaurant with vegetarian options.  This place has an amazing veggie burger at a great price!  I also love the greek fries, they are the best I have had.  Overall this is a great place to dine and I love eating there!
1	I've visited Big Fat Greek Express a few times before. Their Tempe location is half counter-deli style, half open bar area. Generally, they have enticing daily specials, a good range of drinks to include teas, and the same general quality of food as the regular chain restaurant. Today, however, was the last time I will step foot in that establishment. Upon entering from the arid desert heat, all I wanted was my usual: the lunch gyro with greek fries, olives, and a drink. This runs me $10, and leaves me a little fatter, a little happier, and ready to brave the desert sun for another few hours. Approaching the counter, thankfully sans line, the petite young brunette behind the counter greeted me quietly. I repeated my normal order, assuming that I spoke the proper lingo to avoid any follow up questions. To my surprise, I was informed that I had not, in fact, been ordering a real menu item. Apparently, I have been dreaming the past few times I visited, because what I really wanted to order was a lunch order of gyro meat. Uhhh, no, miss, I just want my gyro wrap, please. She tapped the menu angrily, speaking down to me like I was a petulant child who did not understand how this process works. Let me explain that I am about the least difficult customer a server can ask for. I usually grant any request that makes their life easier, since at the end of the day I want everyone to go home to their wife/husband/cat/dog/bird/fish happy. So, when restaurant denizens harass me over my greek fries, I am pretty taken aback.I nearly walked out, but to be honest the idea of taking another step in the sun without some iced tea was not on the radar. I said "whatever, just give me what you kept tapping." To add insult to injury, she made me repeat back what SHE told me I was ordering, not what I wanted. Upon receiving my food, I found that I had received exactly six strips of gyro meat, two pita quarters, and a gigantic mound of greek fries. Arteries? Who needs arteries? For sissies, I always say.Of course, where do I go to tell the world of my mistreatment? Yelp, of course! However, I needed the wifi password...from none other than the angry-eyed gatekeeper at the counter. After delicately extracting the information I needed, again being spoken to like I'm the chambermaid, I logged on to their gracious free Wi-Fi to share my tale. In short, Big Fat, you have spectacular food, but I will never forget being mistreated, and for that reason I will not return.
5	The best gyros and salad, and they have a full bar. The owner and staff are always friendly and helpful. I never get tired of eating here.
1	After eating at Big Fat Greek restuarants numerous times prior to dining here, I thought I would give this "express" a try.  Unfortunately it could not even compare to a big fat greek restuarant and had me regretting my decision as soon as I got my food.  The atmosphere was sketchy and the food not quality.  I will not be returning to this establishment and would not reccomend it to others if you're looking for anything remotely close to BFG restaurants.
4	So happy to find this in my neighborhood! I went with my husband and my son and we ordered the Meat Lovers Platter and OMG food!!! It was SO much food, way more than the three of us could eat, but it was delicious! The gyro meat is fab and their pita tasted fresh. If you are not a big salt eater be warned, it is really salty, but luckily that's how I like It! We ended up with enough leftovers for 3 more meals!  Oh and did I mention baklava cheesecake?? Yummmmmm! Overall the restaurant was clean, the staff attentive and the food was great!
3	a gyro and greek salad for $5?! it may not be the best gyro (but quite respectable) that you've ever had (spices in chandler is better) but for $5 and delivered to your table in less than 5 minutes? outstanding. service was great. also tried the day's special burger...a green chile burger. great flavor with roasted green chiles, tomato and chipotle sauce (though they, like other restaurants like to spell it chipolte). oh, and must get the greek fries...a gooey hot mess of feta and lemon and deliciousness.
4	Visited for dinner is weekend based on Yelp ratings.  Not disappointed.  VERY good meal and helpful staff.  Pros- lamb was outstanding.  Had the slavocki (sp?). - was greeted the moment I walked in. That was nice. - server behind the register helped me navigate though the menu (explained I hadn't been here before).  Good customer skills.- I'd say the value was good.  Dish and side for under $10Cons- the place is a little dingy.  It seemed clean, but it has a "dive bar" feel to it.  This won't stop me from coming back but did cost a 'star' as the food greatly surpassed my expectations.  Very glad I went to check this place out.
4	The Agean Club sandwich was phenomenal. Four thick pieces of gyro  meat, breaded chicken breast, bacon, lettuce, and tomato piled onto pita bread. The fries that accompanied the sandwich were also great. Hot and Krispy with a side of tziki sauce to dip them in. I will be back.
5	I lost my Greek food virginity here and I was quite alright with that.Got the greek fries and the patty melt. And of course, a few draft beers. This place is such a little hole in the wall, you don't realize how big and open it is until you're inside. Watched a world series game here on a saturday night with my neighbors. Our waitress was so pleasant and such a sweetie.
1	I didn't get a chance to try the food here but Yelp won't let me post a review without any stars so I choose one because I looked forward to trying this restaurant but when I got there I couldn't go inside because they have a "no firearms" sign posted prominently . Since both of us in our party take our own personal safety seriously by carrying concealed firearms we went somewhere else to eat. Good way to turn away customers but at least we discovered Pita Jungle, the food there was great and no silly "No Firearms" signs to turn away law abiding customers. Seriously, do you think a person intent on robbery or mayhem would heed those signs?
2	The food tastes good, but over the 20 times I've been here, the service is lacking and I've seen cleaner bathrooms at coachella.
3	My boyfriend and I stopped in for dinner one night, since MBFG on Mill is closed down and we were wanting Greek food. They have a pretty big menu, and I really wanted a gyro which my bf assured me was the gyro wrap. He ended up getting a sandwich of some sort. We sat in the bar to watch whatever game was on, and we had calamari to start. When our food came out, my gyro was in fact a wrap, and not in pita, but I was able to move on :( It was okay, the filling was heavy on lettuce, which made it hard for me to justify taking the rest home because I wouldn't be able to microwave it. All things considered, it was okay and I would probably come back and try something else.
5	The food was absolutely delish!! I ordered the lunch gyro pita with side salad; which was fabulous! We also ordered greek fries and fried artichokes for appetizer and let me tell you, I have never had either and they were to die for!!!! I will definetly be going back! :)
5	OMG the Greek Fries RULE!!!  I got the Portabello Mushroom Pita with fries and had them prepared Greek style and as AMAZING as the sandwich tasted, I wished I'd just gotten a heaping platter of those Greek Fries.  Best fries I've ever had.  Good food, good service, friendly help and comfy booths.  Two filling meals with beers for $23.  Totally worth every penny.   People need to try this place out!  Well kept secret!
4	This is one of my favorite lunch places-rivals Pita Jungle, especially when I want to mix up my mediterranean with french fries.  Prices are great for lunch, and you can opa size for a couple bucks more to include a salad or fries and a drink.  You can't beat it.  To go service is fast and food is always tasty.  Love the big gyro salad.  Staff is very friendly.
5	I have never written a review on yelp, but some jackass gave this place a bad review because they had a no firearms sign on the door.  I had the pulled lamb sandwich and it was amazing.  They also have a bar.  I like to drink and I like to eat. You have a customer for life.  Awesome place, awesome service, just awesome, don't change a thing.
1	I have ordered from this place for the last time. I have said this before, but hunger and convenience (it's less than a mile from me) have kept me coming back. I have been eating here since I moved in the neighborhood over 3 years ago.I have never placed a to go order without a hassle or something being wrong or missing. Once, I phoned in an order and she told me it would be ready in 10. I got there at 15 minutes and waited an additional 25 MINUTES after I paid for my food. She said, "Sorry, we got our rush." I said, "Then you should've said it would be longer. You still make tickets in the order inwhich you receive them." (I've worked in restaurants for 6 years.)There is a guy that works there, dark hair and dark eyes (possibly hispanic in background, but I'm not sure) who is ALWAYS rude and has a bad attitude. My husband and I ate in there one time (not a to go order) and he slammed our plates down in front of us when they were ready and walked off without a word...when my husband asked for an extra side of hot sauce, he ignored him.This same gem of a worker, today, was rude to me when I came to pick up my order and REAKED of weed...which was awesome (not) given that I had my 6 month old baby in tow. And my order you might ask? The pita was fine but the side salad had MANY pieces of fully brown lettuce and the cucumbers and tomatoes were frozen. I wish I could upload the picture I took. This wasn't the first time this happened with my salad...they often pre-make the salads and store them in a cooler that is way too cold.This place could be so amazing..there are things on the menu that are really good and if certain people are working the experience is decent. But far too many times have I dealt with this rude cashier, and had my order (which isn't always inexpensive!) be inedible. Too bad...
4	YAYYY! I recently returned to MBFGE after a 1+  year hiatus. I was in dire need of some food in my belly. Here is my review for the Tempe location (not sure if there are others...)~Fud/Drink~The Greek food is exceptional considering its in a fast-to-plate setting. Right off the bat, flavors mix well and do not taste amateurish. They have enough unique items on the menu to give the gyro-happy crowd something to cheer about, as well as the adventurous ones who wants to try the Greek Fries, etc. The daily specials actually seem to be special, with lobster on the menu as well as other fish items, it just keeps the variety going. They have a lot of drink specials throughout the week, although I haven't taken advantage of them. I prefer to slip in for a quick pita then go off on my merry way.~Atmosphere/Service~Good vibes come from this pita place. They get their orders out fast to you so you can enjoy, its no thrills or frills. The bathroom is dank and nasty, its pretty obvious they skimp on other things and focus directly in on the food. I want to make it clear that I do not stay, so its really not important that some things are skimped on, as long as the food is bomb...which it is :-D If I were to stay, I would definitely do so in the bar, and I would suggest the same to you. More of an environment inside if you ask me. In all, its nothing like the usual My Big Fat Greek Restaurant. Service is fast and friendly, they are courteous and mindful of your time. Once again, no thrills, just good food and service.~Extras/Rating~The plates are huge here, you really do not need to push the extras with a lot of the plates...you get a ton of food. They do have a lot of extras, though. Do not consider this place a dive, it looks kinda dive-ish inside when you walk in, but just toss that misnomer aside. Great place to grub out at with some friends. I give it a 4 out of 5 star rating for its low prices, quality of food to price(s) paid, specials/happy hour menu, and fast service by people with smiles on their faces.
4	This was my third time at MBFGE. The first two times I was pregnant and annihilated the food. This time I went with my co-worker for lunch.  I got the Mount Olympus- I think this is only offered for happy hour but I ordered it anyway.  It is like a Greek quesadilla with meat, cheese, mushrooms, and bell peppers.  It is a hearty meal for under 5 bucks.  Lunch seems like a busy time for this restaurant because when we were about to leave there was a line almost out the door.  I also noticed a lot of cops and firefighters that were here this day. Typically, when you see firefighters and cops eating at one place, it has to be good.
5	One of my favorite places to eat in Tempe.  Usually I order gyro pita, pasta salad, and the Greek fries.  The Greek Fries are to die for!  Absolutely fantastic!
5	VERY reasonable prices for high quality and yummy Greek food! One of our steadfast favorite places to eat!*i have a soy and dairy allergy an they have always been VERY accommodating with checking their ingredients for me. I sincerely appreciate their great customer service.
1	AVOID at all cost if you are on your lunch break. Do not be fooled by the name, there is nothing express about this place at all. Waited over 30 mins for our food, and all the tables seemed to be having the same issue. We could overhear conversations from all the tables about how long they had been waiting and wondering when, oh when the food would be coming. If you are on your hour lunch break you WILL NOT have time to eat here, trust me. The food wasn't good enough to make up for the long wait, plus I had to scarf it down and didn't even get a chance to enjoy it. Very frustrating. May just need more staff, but you'd expect that during the lunch hour an "express" restaurant could get a salad out under 30 mins. Sorry won't be eating here anymore.
1	Cockroaches at this food establishment. Not eating here again.
3	Basically My Big Fat Greek Restaurant, without the sit down atmosphere and cheaper on the price. Cashiers are often a little rude and more interested in their cell phone than helping customers, but whatever. The Gyro pita is great; the Greek salad isn't exactly a Greek salad (what is that ranch-y dressing?!) but it's not disgusting either. There's also a bar on the other side of the counter. There are much better Greek food establishments than MBFGR; however, if you need your Greek food fix after some shopping or seeing a movie at Arizona Mills, this place gets the job done!
4	This was an enjoyable experience.  Tasted good and was priced decently.I had a bbq lamb sandwich.  Which is something I had never heard of.  It was essentially a pulled pork sandwich, but with lamb.  The sauce was good.  The bun was soft without being mushy.  The meat was tender.  The fries were really delicious; they had that sort of crumbly coating on them.  With the soda I think it was 7 or 8 bucks.Everyone else in the party had gyros which they all seemed to like.Restaurant was clean and the staff was friendly.
5	Wow what a great place food is amazing alot of choices especially that the choices are not greek. I saw ruebuns, fish wraps,  turkey burgers, brisket sandwich with homemade Bbq  sauce  alot  of hummus to choose from. Bar is quant very friendly staff is great what a gem
4	We had heard and have been to this restaurant before but it's been a few years since. We had come with a friend originally but we came on our own to see if this place had either gotten better or worse with time.All I can say is - it's still the same wonderful Greek place that we had gone to all that time ago! Things hadn't changed much at all from what my boyfriend & I remembered - same location, same smokey ambiance, same cool oasis away from the summer heat...My boyfriend had the beef shiskababs with potatoes and rice while I had a melt which had coleslaw and had French fries on the side.The portions we were given were pretty big but I didn't expect it to be that big or that good!While my boyfriend felt that the potatoes were a bit too sour and that his beef was overcooked, I thoroughly enjoyed my meal. I actually dislike coleslaw a lot but after having this melt, it might have changed my mind!The prices aren't too bad. Our lunches were $7 each, our drinks were about $2 each, put in tax, and our meal was about $20 in total. Not bad! While the portions were huge as it was delicious, we actually ended up taking the rest home for a lunch tomorrow.I can see us becoming regulars here, for sure!
4	Great salads and pitas, laid back vibe, free wi-fi, and friendly staff.
2	I was pretty disappointed last night with the food here.  Calamari was rubbery and tasteless, salads were not fresh.  Gyro was average.  Will not be back with the multitude of better Greek options around Tempe.
1	I have been meaning to get around to making a Yelp account for a while now, mostly for all of the great places I like to go. However, the final motivating factor for me to make this account was the terrible experience I had here. I arrived on a weekday afternoon around 4:25. My boss had sent me out to grab us some food while he worked with a client. I ordered two chicken dinner platters to go. We had worked through lunch that day and I was starving. The food took well over 30 minutes. This is not an exaggeration, I checked the time on my receipt. My to go order literally took over thirty minutes. The people behind the counter apologized multiple times, but that really doesn't mean much to me when my boss is waiting on our food and I have to come back over half an hour later, like an idiot, from a restaurant I picked. Seriously, it is this strips of chicken on skewers. There is no way it should take that long to cook. Before this I had only been here once before. That previous time, I had arrived mid-day on a Saturday, half-drunk from a pool party. I remember thinking that the service was slow that time too, but like I said, I was half-drunk. I can now say with confidence that with both of my experiences here, the 'Express' in the name of the establishment is a joke. The food is tasty but not worth the half hour wait. I will never return to this establishment.
1	I've had MBFG at main restaurant. Amazing! Tried Express. Ordered over the phone. Picked up and it went very downhill from there. Cashier mentioned to kitchen about lack of hummus (which happened to be my order's flavor) and lack of containers to go lids. I received less then half of small container of hummus and a lid that didn't fit. The lid was was forced on container, crushing it and allowing it to spill on drive home. I pointed out small amount of hummus and was shown to-go order of hummus from refrigerator as comparison. Clearly I was given less. I didn't want to argue. More importantly there was zero read back of my order. Once home, realized I didn't have lamb as ordered but chicken. I called to speak w/ manager. It's Anthony, same guy that handled hummus concern and jammed the lid. I repeated order and mentioned mistake. He stated order is for chicken and it's a $2 up-charge for lamb. I was stunned. His resolution:  I drive back to get what I ordered and pay the difference. I clarified the situation and he didn't waiver.  In fact, he added that he's the owner. I advised I would contact the corporate office. He asked for my name so he could give them a head's up. Wow. Good food is good food. It's how the person running the operation handles a challenge that comes up that ensures customers come back. I won't and sadly, Anthony couldn't care less. The opposite of what an owner's stance should be.
1	Food is decent but will not return again. Bugs and cockroaches in the bathroom. Highly recommend putting some money into this place and fixing it up.
1	I have been going to my big fat greek express for some time and it has been descent at best. it is fairly close to me which was the only reason i kept going back. today I called in my order and when i went to pick it up i had to wait 10 minutes longer than i was told. It was not a big deal cause i thought it would be fresh. my hummus was frozen solid, my gyro was dry, no sauce and cold. and my appetizer was cold as well. i will no longer be going here.
1	Roaches in the bathroom.  Dirty and cluttered.  Saw that they were on dirty dining after we ate there.  YUCK!
3	Large portions, quick service!!Definitely have some pros and cons of this place. They definitely have a huge food selection, which all items seem like they have very good sized portions. If you are super hungry, you will be full when you leave this place.The staff and service was speedy and friendly. It was a little slow, but even with them having issues with one of their registers, there was no issue in getting our order and getting our food delivered quickly.As for the food itself, it was ok. I have been really into greek food lately and compared to some of the better rated greek places in town, this is average at best, but it's not bad in the least. Seems like it is more of a bar rather than a greek restaurant. So, if you are looking for a bar to have some drinks for happy hour, but also feel like greek food this is probably the perfect place for you.
3	Luckily they have a good following of customers. I've tried twice to go here recently. Once between the holidays and once tonight. Their original sign saying they are closed until mid January is posted. It is the 20th of January and they are right in the middle of a remodel. I don't live near the restaurant and am very frustrated they don't make a sufficient attempt to inform their customers of their closure dates. You run a business. Start running it properly.
4	Was a fan but I hear they have gone out of business.
5	One of the BEST restaurants in PHOENIX!  the burgers there are home made and are the most tasty burgers I have ever had.. not to mention their Baclava (dont know how to spell, but HELL of good!!!) GREAT lunch specials which include a beer as your drink!  need I say more!  Please make time to go in and have a burger here you will not be disapointed!
