4	Obviously a mini-version of its eclectic Mothership in Noda, this little bakery/cafe opened up Monday 8/30/10 here uptown.  If you want to pop in for pastries or turkey croissant sandwiches you better get there early.  They told me today they were cleaned-out of most fav items like the Chocolate Salty Brownies before lunch!  I noticed a delivery around 2PM which may or may not have contained re-stocking of the delicate treats....Don't forget your pocketbook when you come, my Strawberry Petit Four cost me $2.17 (with tax) for a 2'' square treat....but worth every penny if you have a sweet tooth!!Right now the hours are 7AM to 7PM weekdays and some weekend hours which all may change as they adjust to the market uptown.  Bon appetit!!!
4	Amelie's mini-me, they stock your favorite treats for you to pop in during a work break.  Mmm, salted caramel brownies.  But yes, they ship them in from their noda location, so try to figure out the delivery schedule and coordinate your break around it.
4	If the Amelie's in NoDa is a 5, this place is a solid 4. Mainly for just existing in Uptown. They selection is limited, so don't expect to get the choices you do in NoDa, but they have some of the big hitters...salted brownie, petite fours and cream buffs. Also have sandwiches and salads for the lunch crowd. They do run out often, but have 1-2 deliveries per day depending on the day, so you never know what you'll get. Either way, a visit, no matter what the selection will be a nice way to say goodbye to a $5 bill :)
3	I ran over on my break for some sweet sensations!  I had the almond tea cake and palmiers both were great, but the chocolate croissant is a no go!
3	Big fan of bakeries.  I love the setup - quite possibly the best setup I've seen in a bakery.  There are a multitude of different types of seating, it's very cozy, there are stools with a power strip...only if the wifi worked for me!  Oh well.Oh yea, the coffee was fine, the croissant was just ok.  If I lived here...I'd be on a first name basis.
4	I was pretty stoked when Amelie's opened up a mini version of its mothership in Uptown. Because, really, having salted caramel brownies within one mile of my house must up my real estate value. Or at least I think it does!As the other reviewers have mentioned this is a mini version of Amelie's - it's not quite as charming or lovely, but the employees are friendly and the treats are one in the same = delicious. The selection at this location is limited, but still pretty great. You'll find eggy breakfast items, cream cheese puffs, delicious coffee, tasty sandwiches and the illusive salted caramel brownie. Expect pricing to run the same as the mothership - it's not cheap, but it's worth the teeny splurge. If you're a total sugar head like me and/or you work Uptown, I bet you could figure their delivery schedule after a few days of treat stalking. Delicious! Thanks for feeding my frenzy, Amelie's.
2	I guess the word that comes to mind when I think of this place is "growing pains".  Amellie's, the ridiculously popular French Bakery, has spawned a miniature version Uptown and still doesn't have the kinks worked out.While I'm generally a fan of Amelie's in NoDa, I'm not sure they can replicate the experience on a smaller scale.  I've visited twice and the manager profusely apologized for not being able for having mastered the new espresso machine.  She was kind enough to make me a latte for free (since I was the guinea pig), but the same problem happened the next time. I was disappointed that I couldn't use a gift card from the main Amelie's at this branch.  It is the same store, right?On both occasions I visited in the evening, the selection of baked goods is nearly wiped out.  Maybe I pop in at the less-than-stellar times, but it seems that the trademark experience (in all aspects) of Amelie's is missing.  I hope that this express Amelie's is able to deliver the same sweets and drinks as the "mothership" (good one, Nicole W!).  I'm still hopeful that they can pull it off.
3	I haven't been to the original Amelie's in NoDa so I don't have a source of comparison. I stopped in after a Sunday Brunch and got a Chai Latte. They didn't have non-fat milk, only 2% but also offered Soy milk. I opted for 2% and while the flavor was delicious the 2% milk made it a little heavy just following a meal. I got a small tea cake which was good but not great. However, everything looked fresh. For a weekend in Uptown (which can be slower for some restaurant) I thought they were well stocked. They had pre-made sandwiches and other items to grab and go including at least 3 carafes of coffee for a quick cup. I can see what they are trying to do with the decor but I'm not sure they gave it 100%. That said, it's still very quaint and a great alternative to the chain style coffee shops. Give them a try, I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
4	We were off for a Sunday stroll in downtown (or is it Uptown?) Charlotte last weekend, and I realized I had not yet stopped into the condensed version of a NoDa favorite.  Why not now?If you are a fan of the original, this version has both good news and bad news.  The funky/comfortable vibe is there, and that is good.  The venue is small, and that ain't.  Many of your favorites from NoDa are on the menu, and that is good.  Many more cannot be serviced from the original, and that ain't.  That said, I am happy to have the satellite downtown.We found ourselves so comfortable that we actually, and unwittingly closed the place down.  Then I experienced the coolest thing of all.  As we were leaving, I noticed a host of wrapped food on the outside tables.  I figured someone forgot their order, and knocked on the door.  I was told that whatever food is unsold at the close is left out for the homeless to enjoy.  GO AMELIE'S!!
4	Yummy treats, friendly and helpful staff. Small but fine if it's not too busy. Free wifi!
1	Was so very excited to see Amelie's had opened in Uptown & forewent a team lunch so I could run over to indulge in their deliciousness See, Amelie's is a must-stop for all my business visits to Charlotte & hearing there was a newly opened location so close to my work was like Christmas Huge disappointment when I walked in to discover a very small selection of pastries & no veggie items for lunch. I couldn't even believe my eyes & had to confirm w/ the staff who quickly quipped when I asked are there NO veggie options? "nope" Guess that about sums it up.....and it also about sums up my rating for this location This place is nowhere close to the awesomeness of the NoDa location where veggie options are abundant
4	Neither the selection nor the laid back ambiance of the original No Da location but all I need to do to get to this one is go down an elevator bank and walk across the street.  Too sweet!  What they do have is a limited line up of DELICIOUS pastries, tarts, etc, etc.  Some great sandwiches, soups and Espresso that's done the way espresso should be done.  Also love the ability to buy the par-baked baguettes.  We always have a couple in the freezer at home. 400 degrees for 10 minutes and we have yummy French Bread to go with dinner!
3	Straight off, I must admit I am highly disappointed with the small selection of baked goods available at this location -hence only three stars.  Aside from the lack of goodies, the quality is definitely there.  What is available is top notch and this place is still worth a visit.  The environment is actually pretty cool too.  Not at all what I expected.  If you want to relax in a comfy home-like place in uptown with a few friends or coworkers, grab a coffee and something to eat here.
3	I picked up a few sweets for clients, and while the food looked good, the service was awful. When I went to pick up the order, they didn't even have paper plates, and I had to get my own napkins and forks. I thought this was a catered order since the woman taking the order (who was very rough around the edges by the way) made me pay in advance. Due to it's proximity, I tried ordering the next day, and the woman answering the phone was so rude, and told me I would have to call another location to place a phone order, even though I had just ordered from there yesterday! This is too bad because my coworkers and I usually refer good bakeries etc., to each other across the country, but I will never refer this place.
3	A spin off and much like a Part 2 of any good movie, just not quite as good.  I do love the baked goods but it's the environment here that is lack luster in comparison to the original location.  It's ecclectic and trendy/hip, yes, but something about being Uptown and toned it down in my opinion.  Great service here though and the caramel latte is literally one of my favorite drinks on this planet.  I just wish the eclairs would stop staring at me every time I'm in there.
3	It gets the job done, so to speak. I went to the original one the next day and it was way better. It's what this one wants to be when it grows up. Someday....
4	A friend and I went to see the exhibit at the Bechtler and were ready for a yummy snack afterwards so we walked on over to Amelie's and rewarded ourselves with some great treats. We grabbed a sandwich from their selection and it was so delicious but the real treat was the chocolate croissant which we split afterwards. The croissant was light and airy and the chocolate inside melted in my mouth. What a delicious treat! It was my first time eating at Amelie's and I will surely go back. Next time, I don't think I'll be splitting the treat! Call me selfish but I needed more of that yummy morsel.
5	Great desserts and ambience.  Plus,  their salads and soups are delish.  Open 24 hours and has wifi - not sure if it gets better.
4	After hearing all of my sister's raving about Amelie's for the past few years, I was finally in town to experience it for myself.  Unfortunately I did not realize there were two and drove around for about 20 minutes looking for parking to get to this uptown location.  My friend and I walked in to an adorable little patisserie and were immediately taken at its quaint decor.  There are small tables and chairs in the cafe, shelves with mugs and other Amelie's things for purchase, and then a small counter with baked goods on display.  They serve light breakfast and lunch, but the main focus is on their baked goods.  He ordered a Short Latte and an eclair.  The gentleman behind the counter, Brandon, made a couple suggestions for me when I said that I didn't want any brownies since my sister already had a bunch waiting at home and she suggested I try something new.  He suggested either the pumpkin cream cheese muffin or strawberry cream cheese twist.  I chose the pumpkin cream cheese muffin and a hot chocolate.  The hot chocolate was made with freshly scooped creamy chocolate and quite rich...almost too rich!  The muffin had the perfect crumbly topping on it and was definitely a perfectly creamy delightful choice.  I'm sure this place is awesome for those who work in downtown Charlotte, but it's a pain if that's your final destination because of the parking.  We were also informed that the other location in the NoDa district is open 24 hours a day and has plenty of parking.  I enjoyed this location, but next time I'll seeek out the other location.
3	I am so happy that Amelie's is Uptown. Great coffee, great location, great shabby chic decor and small but still great dessert selection. I would give this place 5 stars, but both times I went, the service was terrible. The last time was absolutely the worst. There were two young men working the shop. One was doing everything . . . taking orders, making coffee and boxing up desserts. The other fool was running his mouth with a friend or customer or whatever, and holding up everyone. I went to add cream to my coffee, the top of the cream canister was loose and fell into my coffee, burning my hand. Neither guys asked how I was doing or came to assist . . .  least of all the fool chatting away. He cleaned up the spill only after his friend left which was about 30 minutes after the fact. I assumed neither of these guys were the owners. Shame on the management.
4	Awesome place! Really cute decor in the shop with cool chandeliers. I had an egg bake with sausage and cheddar and a latte. The two guys behind the counter were nice, and they kept up with keeping the place clean. After the drink and meal, the area is a really nice. This is an enjoyable way to start the day!
3	You know how you hear about something great and you hype it up in your head and then you are SOOOO excited when you finally get to try it?  That's how I felt about the salted caramel brownie.  I thought about it all day.  I strolled over to Amelie's, expecting greatness.  I bought it.  I sat outside.  I sank my teeth into it........and then.......the let-down.  To borrow an out-dated and un-original catchphrase from a dying show, "It was just all-right for me, dawg".  I was expecting a flavor explosion, but I got just a flavor fizzle and pop :(  It was tasty, don't get me wrong, but I built it up in my head, and it was just not living up to its' reputation (in my head).  It was too-caramel-y, not salty enough, and there wasn't enough brownie.  I haven't tried their coffee or anything else, and there was a napoleon that was calling my name (but far too big for me not to share with someone - meet me there and we'll split it?).  If the napoleon lives up to how good it looks, I'll bump the stars up fo sho.  But I'm still searching for the perfect salted caramel brownie... if she exists outside my kitchen.
4	OK, now this is more like it.  I got the full Amelie's experience today, and I have to say, I loved it.  Love that they have "mini" lattes, for when you just need a little love tap in the pants, instead of a kick.  I opted for a small latte - just the perfect size for an after lunch pick-me-up.  Expertly made, and strong, just the way I like it.  I had a pistachio macaron (my first macaron ever, after seeing 4,000 of them on Pinterest) - super tasty (and gluten-free!).  As an aside, love that they labeled them gluten-free.  Sat down inside for a while, love the funky decor (I'm in love with all things that can be labeled "funky"), and weirdly, I love the music that they have in there.  I could definitely spend a long time in there just sitting and watching the people walk by out the windows.  It's a little small (I haven't been to the NoDa location yet - it's on my list!), but a great little calm oasis right in center city.  I'd definitely take any visitors to the city to this little spot, and then hop over to the Visit Charlotte place to see what kind of trouble we could get into :)  I'll definitely be back, Amelie!
5	Everything is wonderful at Amelie's.  When I take people on the 30 minute journey to get there they complain about the distance.  As soon as they take their first bite, they never complain again.  I always get a salted caramel brownie.  My boyfriend loves the petite gateaus.  I have also had their sandwiches.  They are awesome, too.
4	Salted caramel brownie, amazing. Interior is so charmingly decorated, especially the tables with dinnerwear overlays. Kinda love they were playing French music instead of classic rock. Really liked that they asked which roast I would prefer. Would have given five stars, but the friendliness of the staff was just a three...not outstanding, not horrendous, Just kinda there.
4	While not possessing of the grandeur and elegant experience of Amelie's full NoDa institution, I'm so pleased they have an uptown satellite to bring a taste of France into the city. The selection is much more limited compared to what you can get at the main store, but your favorites can still be found - salted caramel brownie, come to mama!  Easy to stop by and pick up a little somethin'-somethin' sweet to take home on the Lightrail which is just a few blocks' hop away.Merci beaucoup!(P.S. Public Service Announcement: Please do not be confused - the salted caramel brownie is not a real brownie. It is sweet and delicious and full of gooey caramelly yum, but it is not a brownie. That is all. You may return to your regularly scheduled programming.)
4	Read about the salted caramel brownies on Yelp and went on a field trip today at work.  I've only been in Charlotte a month, so I haven't been to the original location.  That said, this place was cute.  The decor is adorable.  The service left  a bit to be desired, the guy at the counter really didn't want to be there.  Then again, I did go on Friday the 13th so maybe he was just scared bad things were going to happen to him.  Can I just talk about this brownie for a second?  It's really less of a brownie and more of a brownie-fudge-magic hybrid topped with salted caramel.  I'm glad the bakery is a little ways from my building so I can justify eating it because of the walk it takes to get there.Based on what I got, and the feel of the place,  I'm a fan and will be back for sure.  I'll probably be making the trip to NODA soon to check out the original.
4	a cute little coffee shop/bakery I stumbled upon when visiting charlotte. I ordered the sausage and cheese "egg bake"- looks small in size but it packs a punch. I have a huge appetite in the morning and it satisfied completely, very very tasty. coffee was good too
5	Finally made my way to Amelies. A few months ago, I walked into the flagship shop in NoDa. Line was so freaking long, so I skipped out. Waltzing around Uptown today along Tryon St, I passed this one. Since it was the last hour before closing, most of the treats were gone. Luckily, I spied on what seemed like a delicious treat that'll satisfy my taste buds: the salted caramel brownie. It was so damn good! After consuming, I seriously wanted to dance on the ceiling. The interior is also great. Stop here. You won't regret it.
4	One of my favorite places to visit in Charlotte! Whether it's an evening out with some friends to catch up over a cup of coffee, or an after dinner stop with my husband on a Friday or Saturday, it's a fun hang out. It's often very crowded and hard to find a table, but the food and treats are well worth your visit!
2	I really wanted to like this place. It was cute, had pictures of bull dogs all over (what can I say? I'm a sucker) and the atmosphere was adorable. However, the coffee was some of the worst I've had in a while. It took the barista a long time to make it and it came out tasting burnt and of strongly of coffee grounds. My friend got a hot chocolate and even that wasn't made well. The saving grace was the baked treats. Each member of my party got a different treat and they were delicious.If I were to go again, I would pick up a coffee at Starbucks before hand and then get a treat from there.
3	Very small bakery with a small selection. May be a good place to kill some time. Got a $5 Napoleon that was solid-frozen inside after the salesgirl called it "fresh." Save your time and go to the Amelie's in NoDa.
5	Every time I eat Amelie's baked goods, I never get disappointed! Very nice atmosphere, however seating is very limited since its a small room adjacent to Visit Charlotte Gift Shop. Today I ordered double baked almond croissant and it was absolutely fabulous! The pastry was fresh and crisp and absolute joy!
5	It's half a block from my office and wish I could move my desk to their doorstep
3	We wandered into here while checking out the St. Pattys Day festival in the city. The name sounded familiar and I'm pretty sure I saw the place on TV or read an article about it, but the promise of a quick snack was enough to draw us in.The interior is kinda small and cramped, and there were plenty of coffee and tea options. The main attraction is the display case in the front counter showing off the baked goods. There were a lot of pastries and other sweets to choose from, and in the end we decided to be good and split a salted caramel brownie ($2.) The brownie was pretty excellent, with a good firmness and the caramel topping was delicious. My big thing with these kinds of cafes is that it's hard for non-regulars to visit. I didn't have time to sit back and consider all the menu options with a fast-moving line of people who wanted an in-and-out service. Also, after making our purchase there was nowhere to sit and enjoy it, since the sitting area is so limited. It was a decent experience and we might head back for a second trip if in the area, but there is no rush for that.
4	The decoration is amazing. The desserts are tasty. A place you must try at least once.
1	This place desperately sucks. Their food is a joke. Their coffee is below average and their tea is an absolute joke. A cesspool of wanna be trendy kids in a cafe that desperately insists upon itself. Never understood which part of this cafe is french. Their food isn't overly french in style or taste and the bakery it's self isn't the least but french
4	A must when visiting Charlotte. Their chicken salad croissant is the best. Deserts are a little overpriced in my opinion.
4	Very cute, quaint little cafe. The good is delicious and fresh. I highly recommend the croissants. I am not a fan of coffee but my sister had a Carmel mocha and love it. They had a wonderful selection of teas for me. Everything was great!
3	After enjoying I Love Lucy Live Onstage at the Knight Theatre uptown hubby and I decided to stop into Amelie's for hot beverages and pastries since it was close by. What was our experience?:  just average. First of all it's such a small space. There is hardly room to move around or even to sit if there are more than a hand full of people there, and since it became crowded quickly after we arrived we just felt like getting out of there. It's a cute little space, but there was nothing fabulous about it to me. My hot chocolate and pastry were okay, but I don't know that I'd return. There are other options to consider where I would feel more comfortable and relaxed. After all, isn't that why you go to a coffee shop?
3	The decor here is adorable. It made me want to sit and stay a while. I had my first macaroon, well two, mixed berry and raspberry. People always rave about them (not necessarily from here, but in general) so I decided to indulge. I didn't love or hate them. I'll definitely be back to try other options.
2	Atmosphere: This restaurant is sooo cute! The decor inside is filled with many french items and eiffel towers.Baked goods: Sorta pricey, but typical since it's a bakery, but I don't think they bake these goods fresh... so I definitely thought it was overpriced. The strawberry cheese croissant and chocolate croissant were mediocre to me. Tasted like any croissant you could've gotten at the grocery store. Drinks: I tried the Lavendar Lemonade and it was delicious and interesting! However, it was carbonated, so I didn't really like that. Service: Was good!
4	I doubt everyone is as fortunate as I am to have a friend who brings you back treats from a trip. I was lucky to be gifted with a box of pastries from Amelie's!!! The first thing I tried from my delicious box of treats was a pumpkin cream cheese tort. It was unbelievable! I am going to be thinking about this delicious treats for a long time. (I was tempted to sing the five guys' 'dayum' song) Second, I tasted the sea salt caramel brownie- wow! I am so glad there are two of them!! I finished up my tour de deliciousness with a bite of the eclair. (Yeah; that bite quickly turned into full consumption.)I really look forward to actually going to this store and trying their lunch menu. I have been looking for a place like this since moving to NC and frequently miss le pain quotidien!!
4	Small, but cool decor.  They really know what they are doing with their pastries & coffee drinks! Looking forward to visiting the other location in NoDa, too!
5	Stumbled across Amelie's on a walk down to the art museum.  They had quite the full house, but seemed to manage it well.  I was after something warm, chocolate, and made locally so the hot caramel steamer and salted caramel brownie did the trick.  I didn't know about the "mothership" location until reading other reviews on here, which will definitely be a stop on my next trip to Charlotte!
4	Love this place!! Seconds away from work. Great staff and delicious treats. Only downside is not 24hrs
5	I am kind of in love with Amelie's. I came in for a coffee and left with a variety of French macarons- not only was the staff super friendly (I've been repeatedly encountering this while in Charlotte), but the ambiance is so homey and sweet. I was offered two types of self-serve coffee once I ordered and paid, both a mild and darker blend. I mixed the two which is pretty standard for me.The macarons were just as delicious as the ones my mother brought me home from her recent Paris trip. Maybe better. I love this little spot- I have been back since my initial trip and the staff, again, was delightful.
5	Wonderful atmosphere for Locals and Uptowns visitors! This eclectic joint is right beside the visitor center, which is perfect for grabbing something to read about the city, while enjoying fresh coffee and amazing deserts made in the city right down the street! The staff is very friendly and helpful! I will absolutely be back!
5	My go to place to binge study and eat breakfast sandwiches at all hours of the night! Miss ya Amelie's! Now that I don't live near Charlotte I realize how much I took this little gem for granted.
4	(3.75 stars)This charming French bakery is easy to like. The staff are friendly, there is a formidable array of coffee flavorings and baked goods, and the small outdoor patio is great for people-watching. My first journey here yielded a chai latte (better use of spices than most), a cup of homemade creamy leek soup (hearty and satisfying), a seeded roast beef sandwich (tasty, but nothing special), and a salted caramel brownie (sticky and sweet). As a lunch destination, Amelie's is no great value (the sandwich selection is small, and all are pre-made), but as a bakery and coffee shop, it's a great option.
5	Adorable, intimate. classy and with a beautiful quiet view of the bustling street and little park too!  The coffee was delicious, as was the Chai.  Our pasties were a wonderful complement to the whole experience.  Macarons and the blueberry bar are highly recommended!
3	I seem to have ordered the wrong things here because I just haven't had the same great experience as everyone else.First of all, parking is a disaster and I would not suggest coming unless it is during off hours or you are already uptown and within walking distance. Although it feels a tad cramped, it is an adorable little place with a lot of character.Beware: you have to toast and spread your bagel yourself! And if you're like me, you won't realize until afterwards.I do have to say the macaroons were textbook and enough to have me venture back for a third visit. Next time I will definitely have to try a different baked good!
5	Wow, I thought when we moved from CT/NY we would miss the good stuff. This place is amazing and NY lines for sure. One of the best desserts I have had in a long time. Well worth the wait.  They could use more staff on a weekend but other than that, we loved it
4	Super cute and quaint. Pastries are worth the stop, and the staff is delightful. Impressive amount of seating available too, despite the cozy size of this corner shop. However, be warned: they give out free samples of their pastries. If you were planning on just grabbing a coffee, you may find yourself leaving with more than you planned.
5	Delicious bakery! I recommend the salted caramel brownie- which really isn't like your typical brownie! A thick later of salted caramel and the brownie part is very thin and dense- almost like a fudge!  I also had a Napoleon which was very good
5	Best pastries in town hands down! The NoDa location has more variety but I'll take it.
4	Visited Amelie's Petite while on a weekend trip to Charlotte September 2013. The staff is SO friendly & fun, but also very informed & helpful. I had a small piece of the triple chocolate cake & it was to die for. The place is super cute in terms of the decor & atmosphere, (it is small in there, though... but that's what makes it so cool!). If I ever move to Charlotte, I'd become a regular at Amelie's!
3	I love their Lavender lemonade so refreshing and delicious!!!!$2.25 for a macaron , it's a little pricy, however they're pretty delicately yummy. Salted caramel brownie, first bite ,omg it is way too sweet for me ! I still finish the whole thing but feel like I got a sugar attack!
3	Ordered an iced coffee today, it's serve yourself at the counter. Their iced coffee is strong and americano style,basically taste like really strong coffee and water. Not bad,not my cup of coffee , I don't really like to taste water down coffee.
4	I've come to realize that I will not find a Cuban Cafe near this area of Uptown. After wandering a bit early in the morning looking for a place with strong coffee, I ended here. I almost walked out just because I didn't see coffee brewing stations behind the counter. You will find coffee canisters lined up along a wall beside the counter. I bought a small cup and poured myself their dark roast. It was very good. They sell pastries but they looked evilly decadent. I peeled my face off the glass. One addiction at a time now! Let me focus on getting a good cup of joe.When I'm in need of a caffeine fix, I'll go here...unless a Cuban cafe opens. Not likely anytime soon.
5	Amelie's is so good but so bad having it so close to my work. I would go here every day if it didn't equate to consuming so many calories. As many others have mentioned, the salted caramel brownies are crack! SoOo good even the Obama's order them to the White House all the way from Charlotte. I have gotten their little breakfast muffin shaped flakey pastry things filled with bacon and cheese as well. I don't recall what they are called but they are so awesome. I also love their coffees and their steamed caramel drink. I highly recommend a trip to Amelie's to those who have yet to try!
4	Visiting from out of town and I was looking for a quick coffee. Its not a big shop but they made me a delicious iced caramel latte.They only have one size ice drink.  It was rich and smooth and tasty!  It was a tad expensive but I'm supporting local business so I guess its ok. They had almond milk as an option but not soy milk. I couldn't finish because I got 2% and it was just too much. The staff was super friendly and they had quick service. I liked it!
4	Nice little gem in the heart of the city, and a welcome hangout during a Sunday morning where EVERYTHING ELSE in Charlotte was closed.  Great staff, yummy Cafe au liat and comfy chairs.
1	Arrived at the stated address,  and nothing, only a note saying they're closed and moved. When called their phone number connected to this address,  the message provided this address with operating hours. Not very helpful for out of town people.
4	**THIS LOCATION CLOSED LATE NOVEMBER 2014.**You'll have to visit their original location in NoDa for the amazing Salted Caramel Brownies. Rumors are circulating about a south Charlotte location opening, but I haven't seen official  confirmation on that yet. Fingers crossed it happens!
