2	Fun place to go drink a few beers, but the food was really funny. We ordered nachos and got Tostito's and a cup of processed cheese goo. The sandwiches were ok, but uninspired...standard bread or hoagie rolls with meat and cheese. I'd eat there again if I needed a laugh.
2	This place is quite a paradox....You almost have to love to hate it...Why do I say this?The FOOD is terrible....The bread is soggy, the sandwiches uneventful..the burgers bland...and the fries are pedestrian...The amenties are average picnic tables w/bad wood booths...THe prices are high for what you get...So why would you LOVE it?They have some INCREDIBLY hot girls who work there...My high school friend who's still a bachelor would LOVEthis place.  These girls are all his cup of tea.ALL of the girls are young, wispy, curvy and pretty...Probably 5'1-5'5" walking around in form fitting outfitsw/long straight hair...and perfectly tanned faces w/incrediblefeatures.Not just ONE..but ALL of them are like that.Is this where the girls who didn't make the Carolina Panther cheerleader squad work?  At least they must be the little sisters of the panther cheerleaders.YOu will see LOTS of pervy looking silver haired men in this place..pretending like they like the food..It's too bad the girls have no idea how to be servers..I ordered a roast beef sandwich but instead of getting what I want..I was forced to get what the girl wanted me to order...it was like a jedi mind trick!Me "I'd like a cold roast beef, w/some dip on the side"Her "So you want the au jou..."(scolding me)ME "Um..not really..I wanted the vegetables on the cold sandwich"Her "You can get that but it's still an au jou"ME "Okay...I guess?"Her "Yes..so you are getting the au jou"SO she gives me the roast beef Au Jou and of courseI got no lettuce tomatoes etc as I requested.I didn't even want to bother to correct her..I could tell it wasn't getting through.Just stand there honey..in your skin tight leggings, ugg bootsand form fitted sweater and smile.That's why guys spend 10-20 dollars in here.At least this isn't frowned upon like it is in California and is actually CELEBRATED here in Charlotte.Pretty girl who can't do much..serving you bad food!
2	As a dive bar this might work... as a restaurant it is a total loss. The food is far below pub grub standards and their audacity to claim "The Best Burger in Charlotte" is simply ridiculous. The service and food quality are non-existent. This place only exists because of its prime downtown location.
4	What a great lunch location for uptown Charlotte - great menu, fast service, great wait staff, and value for the food.  I have been going there since 1995 and though it has changed hands, the product has remained steadfast - and is gem of uptown.
4	Not sure where the hate is coming from. I stopped in for lunch to get a sandwich and charge my phone in between errands and shopping- the waitresses were super nice and friendly, chatted with me about what I bought at Ivy & Leo (apparently they love that boutique as much as I do), and gave me a tip to get the hand cut chips. I've been there twice now and gotten a reuben- which was delicious- both times. No complaints on the bread, the size, or the toppings. It's just a really solid reuben.I did, however, talk to the new owner- she is also from Michigan and said she bought the place a while ago. I'm sure she is the reason Phil's is turning around! Since I am new to Charlotte I have only experienced the really, really delicious reubens. No complaints here!
4	Great little place to grab lunch.  Beer specials, reasonably priced.Burgers are awesome!  Wayyy better than the 5 guys at epicenter, and their fries are pretty good too.The bad reviews seem to be out of date, this place has new ownership and is pretty damn good.
3	came in here and sat at the bar only because they had open spots during panthers playoff weekend.   Never thought i would be doing panther shots in a deli.  But it served its purpose.  We didnt eat but bartenders were nice enough.  Drinks are a little pricey for plastic cups.
2	This was stop #4 on our night uptown/downtown.  I paid $8 for small plastic cups of John Daly which is ridiculous.  However, my friend bought a blue Panthers shot, and they gave me a free one because they said I had to drink one too which was nice. It was all right, but I could have spent the entire night at BlackFinn instead!
4	Love Phil's for a nice lunch. For us men, they "entice" you with very attractive female servers, especially in the summer months. Hey it is what it is. BUT, all that honestly wouldn't keep them afloat if their food wasn't good, and it is! It's a DELI, not gourmet restaurant, so keep that in mind when going.Good burgers, deli sandwiches and a few healthier options like grilled chicken, etc. Not too hard on the wallet either.A solid lunch choice.
5	A great happy hour on Thursday! 1/2 Price appetizers, awesome trivia with great prizes, try the Buffalo shrimp! I've had the burgers as well and they are fantastic! I have heard the Reuben is outstanding as well. Definitely a great little neighborhood bar that you cannot find anywhere else in the uptown area.
