4	Whenever I am heading to northern AZ I always stop and grab a slice or a calzone at this place. It truly is the closest thing to NY pizza I have found in AZ. I know its in anthem it boggles the mind.
3	I am once again on the road for work and staying in Anthem, AZ.  There is nothing here, so the restaurant finds are slim pickins'.  My team and I visited "Famous" Rays Pizza since it was right behind our hotel and for pizza it was okay... how can you screw up Pepperoni pizza?  The boys went for the hoagies and the lasagna - each received two thumbs up since they were stuffing their face.  Bread sticks a little bland, but the bread that came out with the lasagna was the best.  More people carrying out the pizza than dining in.
3	Nice people, great food, dirty restaurant.
4	Not bad!Not bad at all! (especially for The Desert).Reminded me of Lombardi's in New York (sorry, Ray) . . . but, when I ask for extra sauce, I'd like to see it.
5	The food is delicious!! If you want a great NY style pizza, great subs and wings this is your place. I eat here every time I'm in AZ.The restaurant is under new ownership and you can sure tell. Its clean, there are TVs and great staff.  The owner "AL" is very friendly and is regularly at the restaurant.
4	Best pizza for the price in AZ.  I've even been to other Ray's locations and they're not as good as this one.  The staff is very friendly.  The prices are fair.  The location is difficult to find the first time.  I would like them to move closer to Anthem Way.  And it would be awesome if they served Coke instead of Pepsi.  They even gave us the lunch special on the weekend.  Fantastic!
5	Stumbled on this place on my way from Sedona to PHX.  My navigation took me right there, easy to find, right off the 17 @ Anthem.  Was not expecting such a great pizza, crispy crust, nice toppingz and the cheese was delicate.  Told the guy I was writing him a review because his staff was real nice too.  Will be back.  Debbie.......
4	best pizza in Anthem!! Great thin crust pie!
1	Yikes, this food was terrible. Super greasy, tasteless pizza. I got a cold turkey sandwich and it looked absolutely NOTHING like the huge poster in the window advertising their sandwiches. I could have made the equivalent at home for one-quarter the price. The best thing about our dining experience was the free Wi-Fi and the tasty soda (which seems hard to find these days, a carbonated, non-watered down soft drink).
4	The Meat Lovers Pizza was very tasty. Service was friendly and quick. We would come again. Check out restaurant.com to get a deal.
1	Filthy restaurant. Tables greasy; napkin holder was coated w food and grease. Afraid that if the surroundings are so unclean, what is the silverware, produce, soda machine & ice dispenser like? Will I be sick in a few days to a week from an innocent lunch here? Pizza is fabulous, but worth the risk? I don't think so. Will go back in in 1week to see if the owner I spoke to has his staff better trained. Time to lean, time to clean... There was plenty of time.
4	Love the pizza and wings. Sausage and pepperoni regular crust, hits the spot every time. The sausage they use is fantastic.. it's thinly shaved/sliced. Wings are good, cooked well, we like them kinda crispy.  Service is friendly.
4	Very inexpensive lunch deals around $5 and including drinks. The food is great; I have yet to try something I didn't like.
5	Ray's Pizza is the best!!!!!
2	For $20, I think one would expect a really good pizza. I made the mistake of assuming if I ordered a pizza with mushrooms, they'd be fresh. Wrong. They're canned. Who uses canned mushrooms anymore? Not even Domino's. I splurged on pizza when I don't normally (mostly Paleo), disappointed.
5	This is the BEST Rays, don't let the others fool you. Yummy! We will definitely be regulars.
3	Although I'm not a huge fan of the pizza here, I love their sub sandwiches. The bread is fresh baked and very similar to Jimmy Johns, if you are familiar with them. Unlike JJ's though, the sub is bigger and has more meat. So far I have only had the "Submarine Special", but that's probably all I'll ever get from now on as it is pretty great. I noticed yelp says they deliver,  but they actually don't. Wish they did.
5	Very friendly people who work here. They were so great with my kids! Definitely will be back.
