1	I stayed in the hotel on March 1st, 2013.  We experienced the following:-No Toilet seat...yes no toilet seat-No Smoke Detector (torn off wall)-Crumbs along the bead of the mattresses-Vomitous material along wall (which spread to top of mattress when sheet was removed-Broken box spring-Dirt/hair/etc. on bathroom floorWe had mechanical problems with our motorcycles and were forced to stay in the area and all hotels in the area were sold out.  We complained to the front desk but they stated there was nothing they could do.  After 3 messages left and 6 weeks the manager finally contacted me when I froze the payment from American Express.  He offered a $25 discount off a $100 charge.  He chuckled when he heard of the issues we encountered.  Photos were taken of everything described, but he didn't care enough to ask for copies.We stayed at 8 motels during our trip from California to Florida, and hands down this was the absolute most disgusting.  If at all possible, DON'T STAY HERE!
1	Checked into our rooms, checked out 20 minutes later. This was probably the worst hotel I've even been in. The room smelled like nasty dive bar, there were cigarette burns on the tables and bathtub, white stains on the carpet, unchanged pillow cases that smelled like dirty hair and, from what it looked like, blood stains on the comforter. My throat seriously started hurting as soon as I walked into the room. After discovering all of this we immediately went to the office to get a refund. The person working refunded us in full without even asking a question. He definitely must have known and he kinda gave off the attitude of why it took us so long to ask for a refund. NEVER stay here!
3	Combination of location, price, and recent clean bedbug inspection (call me paranoid) led to this reservation. UGH. Air conditioner doesn't really work. Light doesn't work. Bedding is stiff and pillows are flat. Whatev, it's a cheap hotel. It has a continental breakfast and a pool, not really expecting the Hilton here. The beds, however? TERRIBLE. I literally got out of bed the second night and migrated to the floor. It was more comfortable on the floor than the bed. Yeah... I won't be staying here again.
3	receptionist was very nice. people compensate for lack of conditions. conditions were according to the price.
1	BED BUGS BEWARE!! I stayed at this motel for four nights on a work related trip, the first two nights I was bit by bed bugs on my entire body. I went to the doctors and they diagnosed it as definitely bed bug bites. I then notified the Maricopa health department and filed a complaint, they then sent an inspector to the room I indicated on my complaint the inspector notified me and said she found bed bugs in the box spring and under the bed on the floor along with droppings on the bed sheets. I dont recommend this motel to anyone that at all cares about hygiene. THIS MOTEL IS DISGUSTING! !
1	Had called for early checkin. Room was not ready.Got to the room, had no lights ,no remote for   tv ,1 towel .Asked for manager,there was none.Asked for owner ,not available.The people that worked there, were  not very helpful . I would not let my dog stay there.This was the worst hotel I  have stayed at.
2	This place was great to stay at and Marci is amazing. She is the only reason this place got an extra star. But look out for house cleaning. They are THIEVES!! We cancelled our second room the 2nd night so it was cheaper and I forgot some explicit adult stuff in my drawer and the house keepers stole it! That's so unprofessional not to mention absolutely disgusting. Make sure you lock your stuff up or request no one go in your room.
5	Howard Johnson is affordable with great specials like the 3 nights & weeklys with fast free wifi speed also plenty of parking for the rv's or big rigs trucks & the staff is very friendly also close to the shopping centers on main st there's a food city, 99 cent store,and the famous mexican food such as filibertos & casa ramos also next to that famous Stacy's barbeque gotta luv it so come check it out at the Howard Johnson.
