1	I believe this salon is going by a different name these days, the location remains the same. It's located in the mini mall off the the side of a Wal-Mart near Lake Mead. They advertise pedis for 19.99 but it's not a good deal as anyone can do a better job themselves at home. I think my feet actually look worse walking out of this place. It was going well until the guy doing my pedi cut me pretty bad. So bad I cried out in shock and so painful that I couldn't hold a few tears back. Instead of taking care of it he tells me to put my foot back in the water and proceeds to call me a "big cry baby" repeatedly. OK, fine. Why I let him go on is beyond me but I do. Later on he tells me my feet are so nice so he is not going to run a cheese grater looking torture devise over them. Almost done I let him know I will be skipping the polish seeing how I don't want a bunch of chemicals to be poured into my still open wound. Still he goes on to start polishing, now I have to get a little huffy. I mean, come on, you have to learn more English than just insults to get ahead. A few days later my feet are looking so jacked up I have had to fix them twice. Just do not bother with this salon. There are so many more nicer places to go that don't have a "You break, you buy" sign to greet you at the color shelve. Fail!
1	Decided to try here since it was convenient and timely...NOT impressed at ALL!!  Staff was pleasant, but I didn't like hearing, "I'll make your nails look SEXY, these are plain, these are dull, you NEED SEXY nails lady" and told me I needed to soak off what I had the next time I came in because "your acrylic is old and they did a bad job".  This really ticked me off, because I'd just had a NEW set at the place I've been going to for awhile, and I've been VERY happy with!  I didn't say anything, I just wanted to get out of there!  He cut my finger and my cuticles more than once, then over charged me by $5 saying he needed to "fix the mess from the other shop"...he didn't have to cut them down, he didn't have to do ANYTHING extra.  The WORST part is...I got a FUNGUS from OPI and have had to soak off THEIR acrylic and keep my nails "naked" for a few weeks now in hopes that I can get my nails done again soon.  Sad to report it, but the acrylic that was from my original and preferred shop isn't yellowed and changed colors, only the OPI fill acrylic did!!  Once I got their acrylic off my nails, the yellowing growth went away from my nailbed but I'm VERY reluctant to EVER chance this place again.  Sure, they're friendly, but I won't be going back!!
5	Request for Van Toyota!  He does awesome nails, great service, friendly and has a bit sense of humor!  ;)
1	I had more than one bad experience here. My first experience here the nail technician piled the acrylic on my nails so thick it was impossible to use my fingers. I had to go to another nail salon to have half the acrylic filed off and my nails reshaped because they were so big and bulky. I suppose shame on me for returning but, I did to get my eyebrows waxed. The waxing experience was pleasant and I was pleased with the outcome. The problem occurred several days later. I noticed my skin was very irritated with red bumps around my eyebrows. Apparently, the technician did not use fresh wax. I would not recommend this salon to anyone.
2	Van use to be my go to nail tech but he's been on vacation forever took my 3yr old to get a polish &charged me $10 for her like seriously? Every time I get rhinestones bows or anything they always fall off.so glad I've found a new spot!
2	Got one of the worst pedicures. My feet hurt for 3 days after. Not much more to say other than I won't be back.
1	First and last time visiting this salon. Over crowded space, hot, and rude staff. Worst pedicure I've ever had. Got a fill and the acrylic on one of my nails chipped and broke off the next day. One of the nail techs sat in the corner chatting on the phone for the entire 90 minutes I was there and gave dirty looks to all the women walking in and out.
1	This is my first and last time visiting OPI (One Perfect Idea) it certainly was not a perfect idea  and was more like NO PI!!! The selection of OPI nail polish was few and far between and I should have walked out when they asked me to pay for my service upfront and then had the audacity to ask for a tip upfront....who does that? My pedicure was mediocre at best and the staff are very rude. I would stay away from this place. Don't waste your time, unless you want to be treated like a common criminal by rude people providing a service, which is a service I might add that comes a dime a dozen!
5	I've been going to Helen and Michelle for years to do my eyebrows and they are the only people I trust in Las Vegas to do them. I live 20 mins away but will always make the journey to see them and I have never been unsatisfied. At 10 bucks you can't go wrong! Russell has done my pedis and he is the best. Henry and Helen have done my fills and acrylic sets and I've always been pleased with their work. I love this place and have no complaints!
1	I've never had a cuticle fungus in the last 15 years of getting my nails done. I would not suggest this place ever! If you decide to go I suggest making them use ONLY the regular nail file not the power file because it cuts the skin. And causes cuticle infection! Never again!!
