4	This brand new cafe opened in eary January 2011, and from a first visit, I'm impressed. The cafe is very large and roomy, with a little bit of an ikea feel to the decor, and as a result lacks a bit of ambience. The large windows give a good view of the hubbub on Fountainbridge and Lochrin Square while keeping you warm inside even on a freezing winters day. I ordered the soup of the day. A delicious red pepper and tomato soup served with freshly baked home-made bread. My friend had pizza served with a side-salad, and was aso very impressed. There are lots of tables in this roomy cafe. The staff are very friendly and helpful and service was very quick during a busy lunch period. Will definitely be going back, perhaps for a Sunday Brunch... I need to taste the coffee at least!
5	Oh my days, Loudons why didn't I visit you sooner? What a gorgeous, vast yet simultaneously cosy cafe space. What an amazing array of cakes, scones, croissants and RockLobster chocs greet my eyes. What a wonderfully extensive range of teas, coffees, and sinfully tempting lunch options. And what's this? Free wifi? You had me at hello.Loudons has only been open for a month or two, and after hearing much buzz on the twittosphere about it, I had been meaning to go for an age. Slightly off my beaten path, in Fountainbridge near Tollcross, I had to make it an official diary entry for a mutual working morning coffee and laptop meetup. And it worked quite the charm.As I've said, and you can see from my uploaded photos, the space is really quite vast. There are a few couches, and lots of tables that are perfect for such laptop larks. Occupying a corner space, it also has floor to ceiling windows on two walls - it's so bright! Even on a slightly overcast February morning in Auld Reekie.The tea, much to my delight, is loose leaf. The chocolates are supplied by Rock Lobster and really worth gazing over for a good few minutes. The cakes, oh my. I had already had my breakfast but by 10am I couldn't resist any more. I had a date slice (oats and dates - that's healthy right?!) as recommended by the barrista. I thanked her, several times. It was delicious. I could really taste the honey and, was that, vanilla? Crunchy oats, gooey dates inbetween - lush. And perfect with my (loose leaf!) tea.I spent a good few hours here in the early morning working, chatting, eating date slice, and generally soaking up the atmosphere. In that time several similar work types also came in for breakfast, meetings, and general paper reading. Oh yes, they have a lot of papers and magazines to browse (including Wired, ftw!) So if you end up here alone you definitely won't feel lonely.After only one visit, Loudons is a firm favourite. I will be back again for an early morning scone and tea, and then perhaps a soup or sandwich...oh and why not, another date slice.
4	As a web developer I am endlessly on the hunt for places with power, wi-fi, coffee, food and a nice attitude towards coffee shop workers: and Loudons has all of the above in spades.The food is awesome: I've just eaten a slice of butter & sugar free Banana & Apricot cake, that was delicious, and the lunch options are great too. The coffee is great: Artisan Roast beans, and the baristas seem to know what they are doing.And if you are looking for a place to go and work, it's perfect: the staff seem completely fine about it (there's even a printer you can use), and there's plenty of space so you never feel like you should be leaving to make room for new customers.It's a little pricier for food and coffee than somewhere like Starbucks, but the difference in quality makes it totally worth it.What more can I say, it's great.
4	Loudons has everything you want from a cafe/coffee shop:- Good coffee (Gotta love it when a place makes a heart out of your cappuccino foam. How fancy!)- Delicious lunch- Friendly staff- Tons of cute babies to make funny faces at (Seriously, I challenge you to go to Loudons and NOT see at least one cute baby. It won't happen.).- (and best of all) Free, FAST,  Wi-Fi. My best friend and I sit in there all day, drinking coffee and working on our laptops. When we're feeling flush (aka when we're not feeling dirt poor) we splurge for a pesto, mozzarella sandwich or a quiche to split for lunch. The food is really tasty!!Well done, Loudons.
5	As a desperate traveler currently without service on my smartphone, I have been on the hunt for good places with free wifi. Some Yelpers pointed me in the direction of Loudons (shoutout to Jenny L!) so that's where I went to plan the rest of my day after a stop at the Farmers' Market.The space is lovely. It's very open, giant windows, decorated in a manner that could be called Scandinavian modern (or 'fancy Ikea') which makes for clean lines and a spacious feel. There are smaller tables for parties of two or four, bigger tables that can be shared by smaller parties and cushy couches. There is, as I've mentioned, free wifi and the staff seem content to let you loaf while you surf. I'm not one for sweets, but they do have delicious-looking truffles and decadent chocolate cake. There's an open kitchen where the cooks whip up tasty sandwiches and a coffee bar where the baristas pull together espresso drinks and loose-leaf teas, which will be served to your table. I nursed a pot of rooibos for a good hour and it magically managed to stay warm and not over-steep. The next time I went back, I brought the boy and we shared a big bowl of French onion soup, served with crusty baguette, and a slice of walnut coffee cake. They were both superb. Can't wait to be back and try one of their delectable-looking sandwiches.
4	Loudons is now well-established as an anytime morning till eve spot for those looking for excellent coffee, breakfast, lunch and especially cake. It's a favourite of mine for breakfast, especially with their more original quinoa and fruit breakfast offering. Their soups at lunchtime are always superb (think chunky broths) and their cake stand upon entering is still one of the best I've seen in the city.The fact that they bake all their own bread and cakes on premise each morning in their downstairs bakery makes it all the more sweet.I love their range of fresh herb leaf teas, and of course the Artisan Roast coffee. Every time I go there's a new cake or soup to try. And the space is just fantastic.My only teeny wee note of sad-face is when I came from breakfast most recently, around 9.30am on a Saturday, I asked for brown bread to go with my poached eggs and smoked salmon. I was told it hadn't been baked yet but there was soda. Ok doke. Then it turned out soda hadn't been baked either. So white it was. I know it's small and a bit petty, but I can't really deal with too much white bread. I guess ifyou're going to open at 9am, be prepped and ready to go at 9? That's all though and it was only a small glitch.Like I said, everything is really fantastic here. And I should note the portion sizes are HUGE. I probably had 2 people's worth of salmon with my breakfast, alongside the two poached eggs. So that in itself more than made up for the lack of wholemeal bread options.
5	I absolutely loved this cafe.  After a pretty arduous overnight trip up from London, their full Scottish breakfast hit the spot.  The salmon was fresh and the bread was to die for.  The only thing that came close to it was the delicious ginger bread with buttercream frosting that we had for dessert.  The space is also very comfortable with high enough ceilings that you don't feel claustrophobic despite it being chock full of people.  If I lived in Edinburgh, I would be here multiple times a week.  Fantastic.
4	Loudons is a good-sized bakery and coffee shop tucked into the back of the ongoing re-development at the Fountainbridge and Morrison Street area. The part of town in which it's located is lacking a bit in atmosphere, but the place itself is spacious, airy and modern inside.I've been here a couple of times now for hot drinks and (obviously) cake. There is a good selection available that you plate up yourself and then pay for along with your drink. Last time I visited I had a nice slice of ginger cake with a massive latte (too much coffee for me!) and previous to that a doorstop of chocolate cake with some breakfast tea. Both times the cake and drink were grand. I can't put my finger on it, but there's something stopping me from adding the fifth star on here. I wonder if it's maybe because I feel that Loudons trying a bit too hard; the decor and layout all feels quite contrived and not very natural, even though it's very nice.  It's all a bit yummy mummy, freelance web developer, super cool Guardian reader-esque. Loudons have cleverly carved out a wee niche and have nestled very nicely into it, but I get the feeling it's all just a bit too considered. Still, a good place to pop in for a coffee and a chinwag. Recommended!
4	So I had read so many good reviews on Loudons, I figured it was about time I should go and see for myself! A few friends and I went there as a location to study for a group project. I enjoyed our spot because it was nice and airy, and the large windows made it pleasant to be sitting there for what ended up for me to be 4 hours!! The good! 1. The coffee is so delicious. If you're nearby get coffee from here! it's no more expensive than any other cafe. 2. THE SANDWICH! I, myself, am very indecisive. A staff member was so helpful and created the ultimate sandwich for me. I told him to surprise me, and told him how hungry I was. He created the best mixed salami type sandwich! I was so upset when I finished the last bite3. The staff are always smiling and helpful, moreso than most places. When I went to a table to fill up my waterglass and they noticed my frustration of there having been no water left in the jug, they were on it in a second, without me asking! 4. The cakes!! If you like good bread and cakes you're in a good place.5. What is normally ignored is side salad. You know the 'salad' that is 3 pieces  of  wilting lettuce and one cherry tomato beside your sandwich? Well here, I don't know how the dressing is so good, but it definitely compliments and doesn't fit into the 'lame' category.The not as good.1. If you're around during peak lunchtime it can get a bit busy and loud. As mentioned in a previous review there will most likely be kids around. Even though they are cute, sometimes they cry. Not ideal for studying. Besides that I have no complaints. I really did enjoy myself. And even after having been hanging about for 4 hours no one gave me any looks implying that I should get a move on. I'll be going back!!!! I want that sandwich again. Yum.
4	Lovely venue, with a range of rustic breads and cakes, all made on the premises. We summed it up as: "thought Loudons was good, but the setting and ambience were more memorable than the food. It's unfussy and relaxed, so suited our purposes very well, today - we spent a very enjoyable hour or so, in a cool, stylish place".
4	Loudons opened in January 2011 - big spacious bakery / cafe with skandinavian furnishings, a little like Peter's Yard.  It was firstly inhabited by the odd local (me) and lots of IT / Techs and then in the last few months has been inhabited by the Yummy Mummies!  Last time I went and I kid you not, there were no less than 17 babies (and respective mums).  I think that's both comforting for parents and a warning for others!Food is all cooked fresh in site. They make a mean quiche and eggs benedict at the weekend is a must.  Coffee is good old Artisan Roast and tea is Eteaket (I think!).I must say I prefer the savouries to the cakes, but that is my wee preference!Now for the teensy niggles which by no means put me off from going.  The staff are lovely and delightful but - not particularly efficient, if you want a clean and clear table you might wait a while (sorry!).  Also, ordering can be confusing when you first arrive as there are two tills, and if one of them if not open, you might stand there for a while thinking you are being ignored!  As I said, this in now way puts me off, I'm sure all of those teensy things will improve over time.I just wish they were open later in the day! But I think, there may be plans afoot!SO - recommend highly for lunch/brunch and cofffee - just beware of the babies! :-D
4	great, light and modern space that combines high ceilings with baked goods, meals, a small selection of nice designer cookware and, of course, coffee! the delicious artisan roast coffee to be precise. the coffee was great. the flat white was a warmly hot, strong and full-flavoured. rounded, soft milk nicely offset by the nutty, nicely bitter coffee.
5	This is fast becoming my favourite local coffee shop. It is found on Fountainbridge, not far from Lothian Road and Tollcross so ideal for those shopping trips into town.Love the friendly service and the awesome food. The chef here is great at whipping up soups and specials, with everyhting cooked fresh in the cafe each day. Follow them on Twitter and Facebook and you get heads up on the specials and treats they have each day. They are flexible too so if you have a special dietary needs, they can alter things or make something special for you.As well as the food and drinks, the other thing I love about Loudons is the atmosphere. It is a big spacious place with loads of light, and they have a policy of playing no music. I love this (so unusual) so you can have real conversations with friends wihtout shouting, sit and read or work on your laptop (there's free wifi too). I rarely go a week now without popping in.
2	Based on atmosphere and looks alone, this place should smash the opposition out of the park, but I've been three times now and I won't be back. The service is so so so slow. I recently stood at the counter for 20 minutes, two tills, only one operating. Frustrating.The cakes etc lie out for people to inspect, breath and no doubt sneeze all over. You also have to gather your own jam etc. I hate gathering my own jam.The coffee takes too long to come and when it does, it is far from hot enough.That's my summary. When compared to the likes of Peter's Yard, this place needs to get its act together...
4	Ah whether it be for a sit down breakfast or just  a coffee & cake this place really hits the mark.Along with Peters Yard for me this place is setting the standard for the rest in the city. Great service and an open/bright setting make for a brilliant local coffee house :)
4	Since visiting Edinburgh, I have discovered the flat white coffee beverage... And am I ever hooked! In North America, it seems that many businesses serve gargantuan drink sizes, which are excessive and unhealthy. A flat white is typically served in what I now understand as a perfect portion, though would initially appear as a kid's sized cup. Loudon's serves up a mean flat white, I tell ya!I also helped myself to a slice of lime coconut cake, so delightful.The setting allows the space tons of exposure to light, which makes for an absolutely pleasant visit!
2	If it's busy...don't even bother. Way too stressful. You have to juggle finding a table, finding a menu, and queuing ages to order. Just put a food menu on the wall so people know what they want to order before they get to the till.Oh wait...and it's expensive.
1	Was visiting Edinburgh for a night and the next morning we decided to go for a wander around to find somewhere to have a decent breakfast. And so we unfortunately came upon Loudons. The ordering system was like being in a canteen but with restaurant prices. We were hungry after a great night out in Edinburgh though so we decided to persist. I ordered the Eggs Benedict with Ham, or the "eggs beni" as the staff annoyingly insisted on calling it. The amount of food that came out was as small as the abbreviated name. The staff then proceeded to clean up around us as we were still eating, the place wasn't even busy so I don't know why they wanted us out so quickly. A place for people with more money than sense!
1	SLOW! Service with no smile and my americano looked, and tasted, like dirty water. Expected a lot more....
4	I like the simplicity of this place, the choice of seating and the range of good food. It's an all day sort of offer so full breakfast, big lunch, or just a quick pit stop they have it all.Thay have a wee retail and takeaway section with some essentials so it works as kind of gift shop too. Free WiFi.
4	I like the simplicity of this place, the choice of seating and the range of good food. It's an all day sort of offer so full breakfast, big lunch, or just a quick pit stop they have it all.Thay have a wee retail and takeaway section with some essentials so it works asa  kind of gift shop too. Free WiFi.
3	I was hit with a breath of fresh air when I opened the door and walked into Loudons; appreciating the openess and light decor with a feeling of being in someone's rather large extended kitchen. As soon as I clocked those cakes sitting pretty on a table waiting for customers to serve themselves a slice, one eye was on the banter of my large table of companions and one remained on those cakes. It was the most magnificant cake display I have seen in a cafe/bakery.I expected to see more savoury options on the menu as I had been up bright and early on my Saturday morning so had already had breakfast and my mind was now on lunch given it was 2pm when we ordered, however it was a brunch menu available until 3pm. I opted for eggs benedict which was beautiful to look at and delicious to eat.I think I circled the cake table several times before selecting one, examining every detail as I would a car when wanting to buy one. It was good to see when they had ran out of a cake, another one of the same was brought out to replace it even in mid afternoon. I chose a baked cheesecake with cherries and kiwi fruit on top. For being a huge slice it was light and unexpectedly  floury in texture but it lacked that cheese flavour of a cheesecake but it was nice and I wasn't left feeling too full or sickly.Loudons attracts a range of customers from young families to couples, groups and singles enjoying a read of the newspapers available or tapping away on their laptops but still offers a peaceful space to enjoy a coffee and cake. I look forward to my next cake!
3	Just came back from Loudons. Cake, cake and oh.. look.. some more cake. They are all lovely. The look great and smell wonderful. I choose a banana & date gluten free piece with a kumquat. Very nice. The ordering is done by queueing up and supply your order to the cashier. State your table by waving in the general direction and they will bring it out to you. I ordered the Special - omelet with creamy leek and mushroom, fresh OJ and green tea - Anita ordered Eggs Benny, OJ and cappuccino. The lady advised that as it is busy it may take up to 20 min. That was understandable. We sat on our table and poured ourselves some water and wait, It was time too take in the surroundings. Apart from the massive display of cakes on a central table, the whole environment would not look out of place in IKEA - there I said it. This place remind me of a IKEA shopping pit stop canteen. Clean, practical, uniform and designed. Book cases as dividers, coffee tables in clean birch veneer. Stainless steel worktops, simple and practical ornaments. The place was packed. Thus the wait and the queues. The ordered foods and drinks came in scattered delivery. They were trying hard and it showed but many a time they were unable to identify which table ordered what. First the OJ, then a little later my Green Tea. - No cappuccino, but seeing the business it was to be expected a little later we guess. Our brunches arrived and it was nice eating, but could've used more seasoning. But there was Black Pepper and Pink Himalayan Salt grinders on the table so no biggy. During the meal we enquired about the cappuccino - "on its way!" cool. With regards to the drinks - The OJ was fresh and very good! My Green Tea however did not contain enough leaves to even colour, let alone flavour the water.. It didn't get any easier for the staff as the queues were getting longer. Anita's cappuccino hadn't arrived still after we finished our brunch, a quick wave and new request ensured that this was finally delivered. I think this place is good, the food is nice. They are possibly a victim of their own success. Waiting times and service execution is affected by that and the staff looked harassed and stressed. Shame as you can tell they were trying to keep on top of it. Maybe on a quieter day this is much better.. but now.. nah, can't give it anymore than 3 stars.
4	It only takes me almost a week to review after an event!  I'm obviously on top of things.Joined the Yelpers for brunch here last weekend and had a lovely experience.  Loudons is big and bright, with large tables and just enough decorations to give it character.  In front of the order counter is a huge table piled with cakes and scones.  It's both rude and fantastic because you want a bite of everything!  As it was Sunday brunch the place was packed.  When I went up to order the girl told me it would be about 30 minutes for food to arrive, and as I was already quite hungry I asked if I could quickly add a scone to my order.  She said of course and I picked on up on my way back to my table.  Oh this scone!  So fluffy, so tasty.  It really helped tide me over until the food arrived.  And when it did- eggs benny with gammon, so delicious!  The flavour was unbelievable.  Maybe I need to get out more.  Om nom nom.    I really liked Loudons.  It was the perfect place to catch up with people and chat with new friends.  I can see this place becoming a quick favourite!  And I can't wait to go back and stuff my face with some of those cakes; who am I kidding, all those cakes.
4	Need a tea strainer for tea pots! Little leaves of tea in actual cup isn't that appealing especially if the assistant says its normal ... Make the strainer piece, holes smaller! Or offer a tea strainer! Nice tea without the leaves floating and nice croissant too!
4	Best pancakes wafles and eggs of new-yorkYou have to come earlier if you want to be seated everybody's going there
5	I wasn't 100% sure about this place b/c it seems to have been getting lower stars lately, but I was still up for trying it b/c well it has CAKE =)  And what better day to try it on then my bday lunch! ( yes I just eat ALL day for my bday!) We popped in for lunch and I got the lentil soup and a slice of raspberry bakewell ! They accidentally gave me the wrong soup at first which had beacon in it and I don't eat meat, they were quick to fix the problem and were SUPER apologetic! They even gave me a free soup card for next time! Which I was very grateful for!  The lentil soup was fab! chunky and filling! Came with some nice homemade bread. My husband got the veggie puff pastry pizza and loved every bite! My bakewell slice was AMAZING! really I have been thinking about it for the last few days! I WANT another piece! John got a lemon cake which was good but we wished it had a bite more citrus of a icing, yet I'd get it again b/c the cake was light and spongy! DELICIOUS meal all around! A bit pricey but I feel its the area and really not outrageous compared to other places in the area.
3	While on our way to check out another cafe, my wife and I happened to pass Loudons when we had 10 mins left to walk... and since we had bookmarked this place already, then we were happy to have lunch here instead. We had just beat the lunchtime rush and so the queue went pretty quickly. It can be quite difficult to decide, since much of the food is displayed (including the cakes), but I finally pushed through the indecision and felt victorious (while my belly felt very satisfied, in the end). I had a roasted veggie pizza, which I enjoyed VERY much along with one of the tastiest side salad (with vinaigrette ) that I have had in a while. Also, I couldn't resist the cakes on display, and ended up having a good slice of Victoria sponge cake. The only problem with our meal is that my wife ordered a vegetarian soup, but they brought her a soup with bacon by accident. She had asked loads of questions as to whether the soup had meat or cream, so I'm not sure how they brought out the wrong one.  I mention this because you may want to make extra sure that they get your dietary requirements correct. If it wasn't for the mixup with the food order, I would be happy to rate Loudons a bit higher, because otherwise the food was really good. I'll be looking to stop here again for lunch or some tea and cake.
4	Great for a weekend breakfast when you've time on your hands and a good book under your arm, especially if you can bag one of the comfy seats in there! While they make a big deal of their eggs benedict, nearly everything on the menu is good and their cakes are excellent. It is a bit on the pricey side but if you've a hang over that needs servicing it's worth it!
2	I am currently sitting in Loudons thinking about how dry and tasteless the vegan banana and chocolate bread I am eating is. It cost 3.20 pounds, a price I really cannot justify.The interior, as previously mentioned, seems straight out of an ikea catalogue, which for me makes it kind of sterile.I cannot concentrate on my book as this place is full of children, lots of cutlery is clattering and doors are slamming. The staff are friendly and attentive, but I will not be returning to this cafe in a hurry.
5	On my visit to Edinburgh. This place was the perfect spot to start the day with a delicious breakfast. The eggs were cooked and scrambled to perfection and the bacon was crisped just right. Help yourself to some delicious pastries.The coffee is smooth and not at all bitter (no sugar required). And free wifi that is actually quick and useable. (For those gluten free hippies ;) out there it's all here for ya too!) Lots of people here meeting friends on the couches or doing there course work on laptop.
4	I would have chosen a half star below, but why be so quasi about it. The people are great, and that counts for the extra half star in the upward mobility direction. A friend brought me here for breakfast, which was a very small selection of extremely unexciting options: rolls, granola, and eggs with bacon. After a pause to turn the page over, hoping for more, I settled on the eggs and bacon. The surprise came when the owner's son/waiter told me they had gf bread. And the biggest surprise came when that bread turned out to be the most amazing, crisp, fulfilling gf breads I've had the delight to devour. Though you may argue that the amount of butter I put on my bread would surely make it agreeable no matter what, I assure you, I put that much butter on all the time and I could still tell that this was the best. I told my smiley waiter to pass on my compliments to his german baker (he gave me those details, I didn't know they by osmosis, or from a peculiar grain in the bread that only comes from germany and only german bakers are allowed to use it). I didn't have coffee here, having already had an espresso, but my friend told me his was great. The space is very open, lots of floor-to-ceiling windows, with some couches to relax on. They DO NOT have wifi, probably to keep turning people over, as it is crazy busy. Also- their display of cakes and scones was beautiful, and though being gf I couldn't eat any, there was a general flutter around the dessert table the whole time we were there, so they must be scrumptions.
4	4 stars for a lovely "traditional" (albeit the veggie version) of a Scottish breakfast. No qualms about that!3 stars for being apparently forgotten by the staff a wee bit--hey, it was a busy day for them, so I can understand. But damned if it didn't take us at least 10-15 minutes to manage to even catch someone's eye for the ticket. As an American that's something I've had to get used to over here, but even this was more than the norm.Still, a lovely place for meeting friends over coffee or tea.
4	I love buildings with lots of huge windows - who doesn't? Loudons is tucked away in Fountainbridge (opposite the disused Bingo Hall, yet to be a Wetherspoons), and it wasn't really til I ended up there that I realised it was a place that you either had to be in the area for, or really wanted to go to. Lucky me, I was a little bit of both. It was pretty busy - and as other reviewers have commented, popular with young families for meeting and a-greeting. I was in for a post-interview cup of tea to ease my drouth, and felt it was necessary to also sample some of their goods (so I could write a half decent review of course). It took a little while to get seated, as it was a busy Thursday lunchtime, to the point where I felt I could have just grabbed a cake from the cake table in front of me and made a run for it and no-one would have noticed. I would note, paying was also a little slow as well and difficult to get anyone's attention when everyone's backs are turned. Eventually service came and I headed to my table, where I tucked into an apple and cinammon tea (what works better in winter than fruit and spice?) and their vegetable soup of the day, which was a cheeky sweet potato, chilli and lime. The lime, versus a more traditional coconut, was a fab change from the norm for me with chunks of lime rind peppering a very nippy soup. Served with homemade bread, which had the chewiness of homemade bread (unlike other restaurants, half baked baguettes chucked in the oven doth not make it homemade) but happily none of the heaviness of my own halfassed attempts. It looked like you could just help yourself to cake, but as I was out again in the evening, decided to forgo. It was a touch decision, the cakes did look good, but I had to be semi-good to my ever increasing waistline. Loudons, I'll be back again, when I work in the area, so take this not as a goodbye for now, but a I'll see you soon. With cake.
3	A great spot to grab breakfast or lunch. Sometimes the service can be a little slow-- ex. waiting for bill. The food is great, highly recommend the freshly squeezed OJ!
5	Our favourite cafe, anywhere! Great, friendly service, superb food, and the best ambiance you can think of; spacious, bright, all widows and light. Great place to relax, or to sit down and work. (New menu now, prices creeping up a little...)
3	Layout of cakes upon cakes stop you mid-entry, while eyes glaze over and I forget I want a seat.  Definitely going for a cake. Got a cake. Good cake.Latte macchiato, not so much..  Its the type with just a 'coffee mark' on top instead of an actual shot of espresso layered over the heated milk.Result: A pleasantly nutty mug of warmed milk with a coffee scent.My conclusion: Not sucha happy camper.  Its not like they were skimping on the coffee or that I should've ordered a more caffeinated drink..but a latte macchiato with no actual coffee! Coffee speak interpretation denied.Clean, spacious, mindful service. From other reviews, their actual coffees sound promising.But when I do go again, staying clear away from any "lattes" OR " macchiatos!
