4	Payless was the cheapest car rental at $10/day (base price). I was a little nervous given how cheap it was and there weren't many reviews, but everything was fine.The car rental center is pretty far away from the airport, but the shuttle is convenient.  All of the rental car locations are here.  Payless had one of the longest lines, but it's because they really are cheaper.  A family in front of us checked with the rental place to the right of Payless, and although they had no line, they were at least $50-70 more a day. We booked our rental through carrentals.com and didn't have any problems when we picked up the car.  We were also "upgraded" but luckily weren't charged extra.  They did, however, get us to sign up for prepaid gas. The whole tank was about $20-30 (they charge less than what you would pay normally per gallon), but I didn't realize they charged us upfront for the entire tank rather than our actual usage. Given that we had such an economy car, we didn't use up all the gas, so that wasn't a money saver for us, but it was definitely convenient to not have to go to the station. We meticulously checked the car before we drove out of the garage and it didn't look like it had really been cleaned, but it was fine.  We made note of the major problems and were on our way. The car worked fine and bringing it back was no problem.
1	Rented a vehicle on June 11th, 2009 at 11:00pm, At the pick-up window, I was given an inspection sheet and told to inspect the vehicle, which is common. Please note that the all vehicles are located in a lower level parking garage with energy (very dim) lighting. I inspected the vehicle and didn't find any obvious damage. When I returned the vehicle in the daylight approx. 2:00pm June 14th, 2009 the employee found very small chalk colored nick on the windsheild, lower drivers side near the wiper blade.  The interior dash of the vehicle is almost the same color at night.  He tells me that you did not note this damage on the inspection report. I asked him "how was I expected to see such a small nick in a covered garage with poor lighting at 11:00pm". The lighting is the garage is not adequate to spot minor damage on vehicles. He says in a rude tone "you need to complain to the airport, they installed these energy saving lights". I told them but they won't listen to us.  I told him that there was no need to speak to me in that tone of voice when I've just spent almost $200 renting this vehicle.  So he walked away to retrieve an accident report.  I was asked to complete an accident report, even though I didn't have an accident. The manager then informed me that an investigation would be completed to see if I was at fault.  I was baffled, how could I have caused this to happen when I never drove on the freeway my entire stay in Las Vegas.  I have been renting cars during travel for over 20 years and I have never had such an unpleasant experience.  At this point, I don't ever think I will rent a car from Payless again, unless an employee does the inspection with me prior to me leaving.  If anyone rents a car from Payless, make sure you indicate you saw a nick in the windshield, even if didn't.  This way, you can't be blamed.
2	A quick shuttle from the airport and what I thought was going to be a breeze... nope. All I have to say is WOW, these people are sneaky, I mean I know it's their job to try to get every penny out of you but dam you don't have to be jerks about it. Only after a half an hour of going back and fourth with scams did I finally get the price I was quoted to begin with. Other then this first encounter everything else was just fine. Picked up my car and dropped it off with no problems.** I can't believe the guy tried to tell me that the air condition works better on a 6 cylinder then a 4... what an ass!! My air was great along with the pick up of my little 4 cylinder Kia.
1	Poor service and very unfriendly and unhelpful front desk man really soured my first impression upon arrival.  They do a lot to upsell shit you don't need so listen carefully and make sure you read your paperwork before you sign.  Lots of hidden fees too.  I'd suggest you stick to the more well known companies, it will save you a lot of headache in the long run.
1	We get to their booth at 11PM with a reservation and they were no cars available for more than an hour. Everyone was pissed a the staff was totally unrespectful, unhelpful and unfriendly. Next time for $10 bucks more I will go Hertz or National.
1	I'm an elite yelper. WHY DIDNT I LOOK AT THE REVIEWS BEFORE I BOOKED?!Everything they say about this company 'nickle and diming' you is TRUE!  My car was supposed to cost $32... I ended up paying like $70 for all their fees and very true, the sales guy seemed to even be hitting on me to get me to upgrade to a Mustang. He's like, you're on vacation can't you see yourself riding around town in a NICE car? He winked like he was giving me a deal that I could upgrade to a Mustang for $15 more (And why did he offer the information that he is single with a kid and he and his ex arestill friendly with one another? Lets keep it professional ok?) I politely declined the upgrade, but I wanted to say... a Mustang is not rolling in style like you make it out to be I'll just stay with the Hyundai I am already getting. I just need to get from point A to point B cheaply, otherwise I'd have rented from Enterprise or Hertz.. Oh and I got an alert that my card was charged $200.  I never was informed verbally that this would happen.  Irritating!OH! AND!  My flight when returning the car was slated to leave at 930pm domestic.  I wanted to turn the car in at 815pm... he said I needed to get the car in no later than 730pm or I would be CHARGED ANOTHER DAY!  Mind you, I didn't want to be charged a full other day so i got to the airport at 730pm even though my flight got delayed to 1030pm... so because of their inflexibility... I had to wait at the airport for 3 hours for a 1 hour flight. Again... no good!I guess what really angered me is that I had filled up the car... and yeah, I took a wrong turn and the needle wasn't tilted all the way to the utmost position by the time I got to the airport, but I filled that car... they said it was only 7/8 full and that I needed to return it with a full tank.. so they charged me... $12!!! Outfreaking-rageous! I ended up spending about $100 for what I thought would only be $30 something... arg.Just badness.
2	3 workers and 20+ people waiting in line. Been waiting for over 30 minutes and the line barely budged. All the other rental companies are empty. What's the deal? If payless rental advertised $11.50/day for a compact, you know everyone will jump on that deal especially with CES is going on this weekend. Come on now, break out more workers or else you will be getting lots of angry customers like me.  As I was finally served after 50mins, all they could say is sorry for the wait.  And it is true they do try to nickel and dime you with all the insurance stuff, upgrades and prepay fuel.  Each salesperson from Payless took an average of 20mins per customer.  It was just ridiculous.  I would give them 1 1/2 star because I was able to get a so called free upgrade from a compact to and intermediate for my time and patience but as I arrived to the car, it for sure didn't seem like any upgrade.  More like the salesperson pulling my chain getting me all excited about the upgrade, yet it was nothing more than a nicer compact car with better gas miles.As i returned the car back, the estimated quote of the rental was correct so that was a plus.Overall, I'm kind of iffy about going through them again but we shall see.
4	Easy, smooth transaction from beginning to end.  There was no line and was helped as soon as I walked to the counter!  I had no problem with the car, and was not aggressively hassled to buy insurance like some other Yelpers had mentioned.   I'm glad I didn't let the previous Yelp reviews affect my renting decision here.  About $11 bucks a day,  it was really a win-win for me.
1	PLEASE don't ignore the other Payless reviews like we did! Everything was in order when we got there, but when we tried to decline the additional coverage, the agent continued to push it. We explained our insurance agent said it wasn't necessary, but the agent claimed our home insurance wasn't effective in Nevada. She continued to work this angle and went on to say that if we didn't get the coverage, we'd also be charged for every day the vehicle was out of service should it need any repairs when we returned it. In the end, it cost us more than DOUBLE to rent from this shoddily-run company. Do yourselves a favor and learn from our mistake. Don't rent from Payless.
3	My brother in law actually rented a car here that we helped pay for since he was our driver, ha. He had reserved a compact and we knew with the four of us and luggage there was no way we could make it work. When we approached the counter the rep was very nice, of course very pushy with the insurance, gas, and upgrades. My brother in law had a very bad experience prior with not getting the insurance so this time he chose to purchase it for the length of our rental. Once he agreed to buy the insurance we now needed a bigger vehicle that we were willing to pay for. The rep said he could give us a four door Camry for an extra $10 per day. So we said yes, the process took forever, way to long but when all was said and done he forgot to charge us for the upgrade. He did catch it once the contract printed but said "you got lucky n o charge for your upgrade". So not sure if he was just to lazy to fix it or cut us a break but hey we were OK with his mistake. Plus really they made enough money on the insurance. The car was very clean, in great condition and we had no issues at all, drove great and worked out very well for the four of us. Returning had no issues at all, fast and efficient. Decent car rental experience.
1	if there were zero stars that's what they would get. READ THE OTHER REVIEWS, the associates are trained to be SHADY!! I reserved an economy car online for 2 days, $48 (not bad) and when I arrived Jessica at the counter told me it was a 2 door car that may not work for 4 ppl. I upgraded for 10.99 more a day which doubled the total cost of the rental only to find out (from the very nice lady at the car parking garage) the economy is a 4 DOOR CAR that can seat 4 people.  I had to wait in line again to change the rental agreement which she smirked and said "oh I hope it is still available" ummm it's been less than 5 minutes and the nice car park lady told me she would hold the car for me.Charged me for accidental insurace which she REFUSED to remove, try to scare me shitless about not buying liability and damage insurance. Oh yeah she was also giving the nice foreign family in front of me the same scare tatic and they upgraded to a bigger car too.  RENTER BEWARE!!
1	DO NOT RENT FROM PAYLESS CAR RENTAL at the Las Vegas Airport!!!  They are terrible!  This location will not let you rent a car from them unless you agree to their "optional" $2.99/day roadside assistance plan.  They do not tell you this when you reserve online and do not include this fee when they are giving you a quote.  I booked the reservation on a last minute special I found before I boarded my plane for vegas and it was $10 cheaper than my reservation at Advantage Car Rental.  Luckily I didn't cancel my Advantage reservation as their unwillingness to let me rent without an extra $3/day tacked on would have made my car rental much more expensive.  Since I already have AAA, I thought the plan provided little value.  I went to the Advantage counter and they quickly got me set up in a car and I was off to enjoy my vacation.On an added note, I found their practice of photo-copying your driver's license a little to risky for customers in this age of rampant ID theft..  Since I cancelled my rental at the counter, I made sure to get the copy the agent made of my license too.
3	Well, they *do* have good rates. I reserved online several days prior to pickup. I don't know if the rates would have been as good if I had just showed-up at the counter. The counter transaction takes longer than at other rental car companies (around 20 min) because of their attempts to upsell, e.g., the class of car, the various kinds of insurance, etc. (and, of course, multiply that by 20m each if there are people in line ahead of you). Note however that they *are* courteous if you decline. Re insurance- on a compact car, they wanted $23/day for the basic damage waiver. That seemed high. They said it was because it was Las Vegas, so I'll have to check that rate versus other car rental companies for Las Vegas rentals. Oh, read the contract too (next to what you're initialing). I had asked that all insurance be waived, but the agent had slipped in "roadside assistance," which was around $2.99 a day. Had I initialed next to it, I would have been *agreeing* to accept the roadside assistance (not waiving it as I had requested). I did catch it and the agent printed a new agreement where I waived all insurance including roadside assistance. Before he did so, he did try to get me to agree to the roadside assistance, claiming that "everyone gets it."Oddly, they ask you to initial the contract at the counter acknowledging that the car was turned over to you in good condition (the counters are far away from the actual physical pick up area, so there is no way to look at the car before initialing). All that being said, taking physical possession of the car went smoothly, the car worked fine, and I returned the car without issue. I will note that while other rental car companies at the McCarran Airport have 2-3 lanes each, Payless has only one. However, at least for me, it did not cause any extra delay. For all rentals at McCarran (i.e., from all rental companies, not just Payless), I would recommend bringing a small flashlight since the rental pickup area is very dark and it's hard to check the car for prior damage.
1	If Yelp allowed negative 5 stars, I would selected it in an instant. Stay away from this place like the plaque! Arrived in Vegas with reservation made through Travelocity. Went to the rental car center while my wife, kids and 75 year old great aunt waited for me at the airport.  Saw 15 people in a very slow moving line. 3 people walked away from the counter with very annoyed look on their face (uh-oh). Customer at the counter started to go off at the agent and complained that "what do you mean you don't have a car for me  even though I have a reservation?" Not a good sign. When I got to the counter, I was told that they "ran out of cars." Asked if I can "paymore" to upgrade to any car since I have family waiting for me, I was told there was nothing they can do. The agent offered a car for tomorrow morning with one day discount (WTF, what discount?!? Already missing one day anyways!). Asked what my family should do and she advised them to take taxi to the hotel. Well screw you Payless! Thanks for messing up our vacation. Luckily, a friend rented from Advantage and they actually honored the reservation and we shared a car.There are many choices in the rental center, just stay away from this place!
1	I reserved a car online but when I got there I was told they had no cars right now. Imagine how furious the other customers were. If you read their Facebook fan page, it's littered with complaints of this, booking one car but giving another, hidden charges. I didn't have the other problems. Just no car. Had to come back the next morning. I emailed them with my complaint and they offered a free day next time. They should have done something about this time. I won't be gambling and taking a chance with them again. Stay away.
1	Do not waste your time and money here. Beware of the younger rep named "JESSICA" . I reserved online a compact car for 3 days totaling $108.00with taxes already included. Even though I mentioned to her I'm declining all insurance including road side, this girl still had the nerve to  print out a receipt with $213.00 on it. I look in the receipt, she charged Roadside assistance, and a whopping $23.95/day for COLLISION coverage. I repeated to her that I have AAA insurance, but this B'tch refuse to remove the charges!! She said it's mandatory for the the state of Nevada.... I asked to speak w/  their manager and she clearly said in front of this JESSICA, that it IS OPTIONAL!!!!!  Well it's too late I told them and I asked to cancel. No place like this deserves my business so I decided to walk to HERTZ next door. Eff' You, Payless!!!!!!
1	Waste of time, I was waiting for more than an hour in an incredible long line just to be attended by this guy that tells me that because I'm a Nevada resident I needed to bring a copy of my utility bill.. What the hell is that about, since when have rental car companies ask for your utility bills to rent their cars, I had my credit car so I really don't know what that was about it was just an economy car not a super luxury or something plus just like everyone else say they try to charge me with hidden fees that don't show up on the website
3	I used Payless rental car this past time I went to Vegas. Yes they try to sell you on the liability damage and insurance they all do that every car company what you have to do is learn to say "No." I did it took me a while but I do it fairly easy now. "No". Plus I have a credit card to if I use it to book the card with they cover all that stuff. So now I just say a firm "No." And yes check the car good, don't let the employee do it all by themselves don't be afraid to join in on the car checking fun. Renting a car anymore is a very hands on event.  Make sure they give you your rate and a reliable car. Also don't pay to have them fill up the tank for you. Even if the tank is 3/4th of the way full but you paid for them to fill it up then they still charge you the full amount for filling up the entire tank, not the 1/4th to make it full. So just say "No." It will save you money.When I used Payless the counter/ check in man tried to sell me but I said "NO" and the guy tried to check the vehicle out without me but I joined in on the fun and as a result I think I had no issues. Car was clean and I got my rate without their spacial insurance. Easy return. I had no huge problems.
1	WARNING!!!  Contract is very tricky.  They have you sign in 11 different spots.  "I decline" for the first 6, then the 7th is AGREEING to roadside service for additional charges.  Then the lighting is so dark in the garage, you can't see any damage to the car.  This car rental company is slimy.  Rent elsewhere.
1	Here is my list:1. Car was in a previous accident * car rattles when driving on the highway *2. Nice light blue compact car, but there were many barely non-obvious damages to the car * the car inspection was done in poor lighting condition and after a car wash making it very difficult to inspect *3. Long line up and many mistakes in the check out process4. There is third-party liability charge on the bill that adds another 19.95 per day5. Breakdown of the charges was not explained well6. Charged road service protection, an extra 2.99 per day, I would have waived if I knew it was waivable * evil *7. Pricing online is misleading as it does not include third party liability * add extra 20/day *I would not come back.
1	The whole business is a SCAM - BEWARE! It's been 18 days since I returned my vehicle and I haven't received my security deposit back.  Furthermore, it has been impossible to talk to the "lady responsible" for refunding security deposits.  So, I was curious and checked my bank statement from last year when I rented a car from them in Dec. during the marathon...come to realize that they STILL haven't refunded me the security deposit from 2010!! Sue incoming.
1	I "Yelp" everything, but for some reason, I did not think to review a rental car agency, MY BAD! The agent there acted friendly, but after all was said and done, her friendly veneer faded away. She pushed every extra charge she could try to sell on me. She was purposely wasting my time, because she was angry that I wouldn't bite at any of her offers, so she kept pushing. Mind you that I recently had an operation, so I was in a wheelchair, and it was hard to stand up for long periods of time, but she didn't care. When she handed me the contract to sign, the amount of the rental, was literally double the price that I had pre-booked on the internet. I asked her why, and she said that adding an additional driver added money (it never did at any of the other places I rented from), and that the internet price did not include taxes. So, I fished out a copy of the confirmation page from the internet, and showed her that the price I arranged, said that the taxes were already added in the price I had booked. Then I saw her face get agitated, and she was shaking slightly as she had to re-do my contract. She was MAD as heck. They keep telling you to check the car carefully, which made me worry even more, and you cannot even see inside of the garage (as another reviewer mentioned) to see if there is any damage before you drive off. It is way too dark inside to see any dings, or small windshield chips, so I wrote that in the comments section of the rental slip. This place is shady!!! Avoid at all costs. Now I am concerned about getting my deposit back, because of the other reviews here on Yelp. I WILL NEVER RENT FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN!
3	FYI They did send my deposit back promptly. Also, I was irked when I wrote the first review, because I was worried I wouldn't get my deposit back, but I did. In all fairness, they did rent us a brand new car (under 10 miles on it). The agent was overly aggressive, but as long as you don't have a problem saying "No", you will be ok.  When I am traveling, the first thing I don't want is the stress of people wasting my valuable vacation minutes trying to line their own pockets. A sales person shouldn't be too passive, or too aggressive. This person demonstrated to me, how an over the top sales pitch, can negatively influence a person's opinion of a company. I would have given them 5 stars if I had been treated like a human being. I am so much more than the numbers on my credit card (sigh).
3	I would give 4 stars because of the price. But they tried to sneak in Roadside assistance coverage when I rent from this vegas facility twice. I waived all the other coverages, but they didn't even ask if I need roadside coverage. Just asked me to initial. I checked the invoice and went back to ask for refund.   They complied.  I was happy about the price. Not their service.  Would rent from again. Just be cautious of what you sign.  Say NO to all coverage if you have your own insurance.  They'll try to scare you if you have like $500 deductible in your collision coverage.
2	The prior reviews are correct. Long waits to get to the counter (45 minutes four people in front of me with three counter clerks). Upsell, Upsell, Upsell...no,no,no. Slipped in roadside assistance...read your agreement carefully...I caught it. The clerk hadn't mentioned it...sneaky, and he knew it. Pick up was easy...the garage is not well lit. The clerk I worked with was friendly, but I think it's to distract you from adding sneaky charges. The price would have to be exceptional for me to spend that much time to get the car and and so much energy being vigilant not to be overcharged. Two stars for the rate.
2	They'll try to cheat you, but bottom line ... I'll probably rent from them again.Saw the reviews here and was wary, but they're significantly cheaper than anyplace else, and the car was a new looking Hyundai and in very good condition.I was careful to explicitly ... and repeatedly decline all add-ons, yet was presented a contract that looked suspiciously more expensive than the estimated charges I'd previously printed out.  Only then did I notice that "James" had 1) failed to return the printout I'd shown him and 2) he'd surreptitiously covered it with various other documents.They use scare tactics to convince you to pay for additional insurance, roadside assistance, etc. but be aware that your insurance for your own car usually covers you for rentals.  Additionally, "primary insurance" coverage for vehicle rentals is provided gratis with some credit cards -- I use the Continental Airlines OnePass Plus MasterCard (Google it).I almost ranked them 1 star because of my experience with "James" at the counter.  However, I got a decent car for cheap and my experience returning it was uneventful.
1	We were definitely not happy with this company. The only reason why we rented from this company was because they're open 24 hours and our flight arrived at 2am after a 3 hour delay. Otherwise, we would've stuck with Enterprise but it is Vegas... why are the rental car places not 24 hours?  And since all other rental car companies were closed, we were left with Payless Car Rental. The previous customers waiting in line before us also had problems. I would not recommend this company if you're looking for a car rental in Vegas. They try to add on a bunch of fees to make your daily rate MUCH higher than it should be. Their customer service was definitely lacking also. I understand it is 2am, but at least act somewhat nice towards your customers. I would much rather pay more for another company than go with Payless Car Rental.
1	I also had a poor experience.  I dealt with an agent named James.  I declined an upgrade, insurance, and prepaid fuel.  When he printed out the contract, the bill was more than quoted online.  He stated the difference was taxes and fees not quoted online.  Upon closer examination, road side assistance was added.  I told him to please take it off because I already had the service via my primary insurance.  He told me this was already prepaid.  I refused to sign the contract until it was taken off.  After he typed something into the computer, everything came out as quoted.  I received a light blue Hyundai Accent that shook horribly on the interstate.  I only paid $9/day, so I guess you get what you pay for - but I was very disappointed in the service and found the agent that I worked with very rude.  I have used Payless in Minneapolis, MN without problems, however I won't be using Payless in Las Vegas again.
2	the two stars are solely dedicated to the counter rental agent as he was kind and professional.  he explained everything with a smile and efficiency.  however, when we said no to all insurance and gas filling...note...car rental agents make commissions by selling these things. he told us there is a $20 surcharge on top of the original amount quoted.  this surcharge is a mandatory road side assistance surcharge... something no other car rental companies do.  as a result, we paid the same amount to payless for a very beat up compact when we could've rented from dollar or alamo for something better.  heading back to vegas in june for world serious but won't be renting from them ever again...Try e-z car rental 10 steps again.  They re soooo much better!!!
1	Writing a general review for Payless Car Rental. In this instance, I rented from them in Cancun, Mexico and found them lazy and uninterested, renting me a car with numerous scratches and charging me for a bogus flat tire when I returned the car after 200 miles of flat-free driving. I wrote to customer service and got no help or relief. Do not save the dollars and use them. You will not save the dollars!!!!
1	AVOID this place once & for all. You are actually better off with a different rental company. I should've read all these reviews before I booked online. Be wary... their prices online are so tempting extremely cheaper compared to others BUT you actually end up paying exactly the same as, if not more than other rental companies after all surcharges & "optional" items which they FORCE on you to purchase even after you say "NO" several times. They try to befriend you at first & engage you into interesting conversations after which they put all charges even after you decline. Then Ooppps!!! When they show you the paperwork to sign & initial, all the charges that you basically declined at first were already charged. We asked the lady to kindly take it out BUT accdg to her it was gonna be too much work. So I ended up paying twice as much as what I was originally quoted. It's a SCAM! Also the attitudes of their employees when we returned the car was out of this world RUDE!!! Payless did not really live up to its name. Ive rented at several other places & never had issues then. If there was a rating less than 1 star, that I would give at least to this particular place  :((
1	I have never experienced worse service in a rental car company in my life.  It took me 2 hours to get my car.  The staff was very rude and unapologetic to customers that were also left waiting like me.  They said the cars were not ready because they were 'washing' them.  After waiting for 1.5 hours, I received a call on my cell saying that my car was ready and for me to go to the front desk again and tell the agent that I had received the call that my car was ready.  When I did that, the rude agent (a young brunette girl with no name tag), told me to wait in the back of the line because she had other customers in line (the customers in line were new walkups that were also about to find out that they didn't have a car ready).   Several of us had received 'the call' but had to wait another 30 minutes in line while they dissappointed new customers.    Rather than get customers out the door that had cars waiting, they continued to 'process' new customers that had just walked up to the counter.     No one behind the counter seemed to grasp the insanity or care.  I will never rent a car from Payless again.
2	I would be very careful using Payless in Las Vegas.  The car I received was new and in good condition.  However, the rental process took such a long time and the agent was trying to sell me just about everything under the sun.  They had to print out the service agreement several times because of mistakes.  In addition, when I returned the car I noticed that I was charged an additional $8.97 for roadside protection.  I never agreed to it but because the agent made mistakes (which I think was on purpose so I would spend more) I didn't notice it until I returned the car.  When I went to the attendant he took my e-mail address and said that a manager would contact me.  All I received was a copy of my rental car agreement.  I wrote to Payless and never received a response.  In addition, there was another woman who had the same problem.  This leads me to believe that Payless is using dirty tactics to make a few extra dollars from people.  The next time, I would rather pay a few more dollars and use a reputable agency rather than Payless.
1	I had the same experiences as other customers.  They try and make you take all the insurance with a lot of pressure.  I even tried to explain to them that my american express black credit card that I am using gives me all these coverage's and more.  They must work heavily on commission because they sure dont know what NO means.
1	RIP OFF!  http://www.ripoffreport.com/auto-rentals/payless-car-rental/payless-car-rental-terrible-cu-a3ce2.htm READ BEFORE RENTING!!! I made the mistake of renting based on a low price internet quote. I was skeptical when I was signing the rental agreement, but didn't think the agent would straight out lie and mislead me. If you do rent here, don't expect to pay any price you were quoted online. READ THE FINE PRINT! I was quoted a price of $245.26 for a four day rental of an ecomomy car. Ended up being charged $426.66. Of course tried to convince me to upgrade which I refused. I have insurance coverage through my auto ins. co. and also as a benefit through my credit card company. I told him I did not want their insurance and  my agent "Abduhl", told me to initial where it says CDW Collision Damage Waiver. He told me to waive the insurance the would have to put a $250 damage deposit on my credit card. I reluctantly agreed. After initialing and signing everywhere he pointed to on the rental agreement, we were off to find our car. You cannot help but feel rushed in the airport with people waiting in line for you to finish. I knew to inspect the car thouroughly, which I did. Our car had a rubber plug sticking about 3/4 inch out of the tread where the tread and sidewall meet. I pointed this out and they were quick to offer me another car. This car had two areas that had scrapes big enough to make note of. Other than that the car was Ok outside. The inside had a stuck on smear on the dashboard, and 3 of the 4 seats had dirty stains. The inside windshield was smeared which we noticed once we were in the sunlight outside the garage. I fell for the buy our gas because it is cheaper, just pay for the full tank and bring it back empty, Which rarely happens. We had 1/4 tank left. Back to the insurance waiver scam. In the fine print under the BOLD WORDS Collision Damage Waiver (CDW), it says, By initialing here you agree to purchase CDW. That doesn't mean waive the insurance like I was told, it means pay for it. $25.99 per day. Yes, I fell for the deceitful lies and the misleading large print. I chalk this one up as an expensive lesson learned. Im trying to dispute the $103.96 over charge with my credit card company. The told me to try and take it up with the Payless car rental first. When I returned the car I tried to take it up with them and told them they had mistakenly charged me for insurance I refused. The agent told me he was just an emplyoyee and could not help me with a credit back to my card. I had to go up to the rental desk where I had made the agreement. When I got through the line to talk to them I was told the same thing. We don't have a manager here. We are not authorized to credit you. I asked if this was some scam they have going and he just looked at me nervously. Two of them ran in the back with my blank copy of the agreement and brought out the original I had initialed and signed. I told them I was mislead and lied to. Again, I was told no manager on site and  they could not help me. WHAT A RIP OFF!!! AVOID PAYLESS You will Pay more.
1	Quick, while you can: consider changing your reservation.My flight was 3hrs late. I was no longer in the "system". They wanted to charge me double. They tried to coerce me into buying unneeded insurance products. After 20min of insisting that they honor their rates, they did. My strongest possible recommendation: go far away. Now. Do not hesitate unless you're really strong willed. If you do, take pictures of the car, detailed ones, as I wonder if they try to recover revenue after returns that were unprofitable.
3	When I arrived here, there was a long line and looking around other car rental, Payless was packed.  I had already booked my car in advance and I had a great deal, $8 a day.  There was 3 staff that was working, they were a bit slow.  The girl keeps on insisting that I need to get their insurance since it was additional $20 a day.  My husband had to tell her that we have our own insurance and if something happens, that my insurance will handle it.  Anyways, went to pick up the car and it was fast.  I had it for three days and the charges is what expected when I booked it online.
1	Needed a car for Vegas, and since we flew Southwest, they recommended us to use this company. We looked at a quote online and it was supposed to be about $30 a day and our total turned out to be $375!!!! So tip #1: make sure your drivers license is not expired! They did not accept my boyfriend's ID, so I had to use mine, and since I'm under 25, they charged me $75 A DAY extra... Tip #2: DO NOT get the prepaid gas. It's a rip-off.. The strip is close to everything and you do not need a whole tank of gas. Tip #3: Check with your insurance or credit card to see if they cover your car rentals, because this is a rip-off too!!!! What was supposed to be $90 turned out to be 4 times as much.
1	Horrible!,If i could give it no stars i would. We get an estimate of $50.00 on the internet, when we get there are bill is 203!!! we asked if we could use are own insurance, No we have to use theirs, (which is a lie). O and because we are local we have to bring in a Proof of Residence (which is a bill) and they put an extra 350$ hold!!!  All in all this place has bad employees including managers and mis rep a lot!! I was wondering what was taking people so long at the counter until i got up there and found out the reason why. This place sucks... go with enterprise.
1	By far the most UNPROFESSIONAL car rental company.  I had rented my boyfriend a car from there a few weeks back and it took him about 1 hour 15 minutes to obtain the car because the service was soooo slow.  I rented him a smaller car and he told me he would NEVER again rent from them.  The car was crap on top of the service.  Me not listening to him and looking for a deal decided to rent from them again, I booked it under my brothers name this time because we did not feel like driving.  After waiting in line for over 30 minutes at 10pm we went to the front and because we are LOCALS we have to show a bill because apparently that will prevent us from stealing their cars.  We told them we did not have one and can we just change it to my boyfriends name because he has an out-of-state ID, they told us they were unable to do that and that we would have to cancel and if we booked another reservation online we would have to wait an hour.  Then they (customer service) had the nerve to laugh at us.  CRAZY!  So, I walked over to Alamo and they hooked us up with a FAR better deal and let us have two drivers for free because of all the craziness Payless put us through.  I hate them and will never use them again!  TRUST ME DO NOT USE THEM!  HORRIBLE!
1	NEVER AGAIN!! they do push u to buy all their insurance and pre-pay for gas.. dont fall in their trap!! JUST SAY NO TO WHATEVER THEIR OFFERING!!
2	Initially I gave it a three stars because of the internet deals.  But I will preface this review by saying - better value rental car, pay more.  I got to the Kiosk at 1:00am and there were dozens on people there at the reception desks handling business.  So while I waited, I read reviews on this place on Yelp! (shocker).  Most people complained about the hidden fees and all that good stuff.  I personally cannot vouch for that because you should be responsible for reading through a contract or quote and understanding it.  However, I did agree the guy reading off the stuff I wanted to waive did try to get me to stumble out of there and agree to every upgrade and fee in the book.  In the end I only took the collision, which was $23 bucks a day (really?).  I brought my own insurance, I have AAA.  End of story.  Also, the customer experience could have been better.  I just didn't feel that.  That's big.
1	READ CAREFULLY!   CANCEL YOUR RESERVATION. Not worth your time.This car rental has the worst customer service I've ever seen. Lies/and manipulation without notifying you of each additional costs to keep jacking up the price. My estimated cost online was $105 for four day rental. I arrive, the lady at the counter ruthlessly continued to push on charges without any communication. I had to carefully check the contract four times! I had to make sure it was the original estimated price I booked with online. The first contract said $241. I asked why? Lady vaguely broke it down, I continued to asked detailed questions on each charge, then she would say additional driver costs more per day- I said OH! Ok then, no thank you on the extra driver, I can drive myself- no one else.  She took that off, newly printed contract again $189. I had to ask again specifically what extra charges were. In- house cost for gas on the contract is 6.89/ per gallon. (even though the customer service representative convinced me that oh- you save so much money with pre- paying for gas up front, you should do it. Yet didn't tell you how much. I noticed the ridiculous price and said no thank you. (First gas station 3.23/ per gallon!!!! )Third newly printed contract said insurance $16/ day. I had to ask multiple times as she tried to persuade that it was state law and it all the charges if something were to happen. Again I had to tell the woman and gesture (easy sign language) had to specifically ask is it optional? No?  OK, Then no thank you! Literally has to spell it out for her to get her to take off that additional insurance. (most insurances cover you and your rental) its a rip off. SIGH. . . now to returning it, my receipt changed yet again- total charged $140!? Then I get home card charged $241?!?! I'm still dealing with the managers to prove to them I signed the contract specifically stating $105.  They are telling me because I returned it at 8:31 pm when the estimated time was 8pm they had to charge me an additional day.  It was an estimated time return I've never had such a nazi deadline with any other car rental. The daily charge was 12/ day. So ok, they charge me another day. You tell me $105 plus $12 equals what??? Exactly not $241! I'm still waiting for a call back- I will not stop until this is dealt with. Grrrr. It needs to be blacklisted, and bankrupt.  Spread the word.
1	Payless Car Rental ad as "Simple and Quick" should be changed to "Long and Complicated!"  To arrive in Las Vegas late at night when you are tired, hungry and exhausted, these are the things we have to deal with:1)  The counter guy still need to get all the informations we put in online.  Was it the reason why you guys have online registration to have this "modern inconvenience?"2)  This guy keeps offering all the options of roadside assistance, etc, yet when all the answers were NO, he still charged it anyway!  Did this guy need a hearing aid?3)  When we wanted the option charges removed, this guy said he had to start paperwork all over again!  Was this a trick to the customer to just give in?  4)  This guy even asked tor our credit card to remove old charges but ended up not needing to do it anyway.  What a scam!  I felt like these were psyching the customer to just say "leave it" after all it showed in the travelers' faces that they are tired and exhausted.  So tell me again, why do I need to register online when same questions are going to be asked again on the counter???  Please do me a favor and redo your ad as "The Modern Inconvinience of Payless Rental Car" or "Pay More" not payless.    This suits better to your company
1	Everything said here is true.  I had a funny feeling when talking to that Jessica person and she was so pushy and slimy.  It's also true about all the hidden charges and how they try their hardest to scare you about the insurance.  They have horrible customer service and I'm on my way to go question the $430 charges for the $159 contract I signed.  Waste of time, waste of money.  Don't even bother.
1	Rented a compact car for one day in Las Vegas. The wait was about 15 minutes to get to the counter and then the agent said, "so your rental features the comprehensive insurance coverage." I interrupted and said I didn't need insurance. He then said, "okay, then we'll just give you the minimum coverage." Again, I declined. He then lectured me on all of the things that wouldn't be covered by our policy through State Farm... Again, I declined and had to get somewhat forceful. He was printing the paperwork and said, "you'll need to initial twelve times" and handed me the paper. And with a broad gesture, said, "initial each item on the left side saying you're declining the insurance coverage; and then initial the items on the right side." I initialed as directed. But then when he gave me the invoice, I noticed the total was different than what I'd been quoted in my online reservation -- it was higher by about $4. If I hadn't been astute enough to question it, I wouldn't have realized that one of the items I initialed on the left-hand side was actually to order their daily roadside assistance. I stopped him, and said I don't want that, we have AAA coverage. He said all of their rentals come with the roadside assistance (for an additional fee) and he'd need a manager approval to decline it, and he wasn't sure when a manager would be back. I said I'd wait. He said if we need roadside assistance, even a flat tire, they will charge me $75 plus some outrageous amount of money for every hour the car is out of service, blah, blah, blah. I still declined (and surprise, surprise, no manager approval was needed...), so he had to reprint and I had to initial again, this time paying a little more attention to what I was agreeing to. I would be very very careful. They have pretty good prices, but you'll end up paying more if you don't pay attention.
1	I wish I could give 0 stars.  First, the check in process was slow.  There were hidden charges...an online price went up by $130.   Then, we waited 20 minutes for the car, which no one could tell us where to pick up.  Finally, we complained and found out it was about 50 feet away the whole time.  Also, we were not the only unhappy customers, we noticed at least 2 other people that complained.OK, we had the "upgraded" vehicle, a Zuzuki Gran Vitara, for a day when the tire pressure sensor went on.  We took it back and asked for another vehicle.  We were given a Hyundai Elantra, but this car's front end felt suspect.  Since we were only there for another 2 days and did not want to spend more time figuring out the problem, we kept it.  To say the least, their customer service is terrible, and their maintenance of the vehicles they rent is suspect.  I would not go back to them, nor would I recommend Payless to anyone.
1	I will NEVER rent a car from Payless Car Rental again.  I rented a car in the San Francisco area and I should have known upon my initial interaction that this would not be a pleasant experience.  My initial rental agreement reflected one price.  When I received final bill, it had been inflated by over $100.  I called the company several times to get this resolved, or to at least receive an explanation and despite leaving messages, the issue was never resolved.  Stay away from this company...they're a fraud!
3	Nice staff for us. No complaints. We did have to get a bigger car but they stayed to our Priceline grab. No other up charges other folks had, but again...we were dialed in on what we wanted and stated it right away.Folks on a budget...remember that you always have to pay some sort of deposit with rental car offices unless you are a consistent customer. And you don't need a rental car for Vegas.
1	Worst car rental experience ever and I'm no beginner to this game. Rate was higher than what i reserved, condition of car assessment missed the biggest damage, and they indicated a full tank of gas but noticed only a half tank in the car after i left the facility. Don't waste your time, you will pay more, not less.
1	This is an awful place to use. They try to high pressure you into buying coverage you don't need and even after declining everything they tried to sneak in a road service daily charge. Also, the car had a dent in the trunk that was hard to see, and if I didn't mention it I am sure they would have tried to blame me. I would avoid Payless in mc car ran at all costs.
1	Trap with minor scratch that you never notice!When I checked out the small car in Oct, I looked around carefully and did not notice anything.  Upon return, the attendant pointed to the front bumper right away, at 10 ft away, at a minor dark scratch that I could not see until getting within 2 ft!  A few days later, they filed claim that they spent more than $800 for the repair! (the whole car probably cost $8k).  I'm 100% sure it existed before but hard to be seen in the dark garage, as I did not hit anything or parked in a way that other cars might scratch the front bumper.Now I have to spend all the time on claim/dispute...Never rent from this place.  It's just pure scam like in a third-world country.Take HD video and photos before checking out any rental car!
1	Expect for a loooooong(Over 1hr) wait even if you pick up at midnight. There were only four peolpe in front of me.
1	Dirty!  In a nutshell.  I have rented from this company numerous times as a local.  The website instructs you to bring utility bills along with you to the counter.  I did all of that, always very thorough.  After the long ridiculous notorious wait to pick up the rental for a trip to California, I was told that the "rules had changed"  You either need a credit card or a credit check must be done when using a debit card.  Really?  Of course, I ended up not being eligible due to credit issues.  Luckily I already own a vehicle and was still able to make the trip just fine in that one.  They're practices are extremely shady and underhanded.  I love how they spring new garbage on loyal customers.  All of these reviews are completely true, as well, with regard to the horrible customer service!  This company stinks!
1	I've been renting cars for 30 years, including at other Payless locations. I was asked more annoying , non- relaxant questions then you can imagine, including my employer, my deductible , etc. When I complained I talked to the manager , Theresa, who refused to give me her last name for the complaint I plan to lodge with corporate. Her attitude was like she was doing me a favor renting me a car . In the future ill pay the higher rate for a real rental from a real company.
1	If I can give negative stars I would. This is a review for how they handle disputes. This is how the story starts. My friend and I go on an annual girls trip to Vegas every year for the last 3 years. This year we decide to rent a car so we wouldn't be cooped up in the hotel for all 4 days and since we are familiar with the area we might as well drive ourselves around since it would be cheaper in the long run. At the counter when we are renting the vehicle my friend asks if there's a fee for an additional driver. The girl at the counter says that there is no extra fee. When we get to the room my friend asks to see the bill since it was a higher price than quoted. We see that there is a fee for the additional driver. We decide that we would dispute this at the end of the trip since we tired and just got there. Plus we didn't want to start off the weekend with a dispute. When we return the car, we go back to the counter where the original girl helped us. She informs us that she said there was a fee unless it was a spouse. Um, no, she left the spouse part out. She sends us back to the area where you pick up your keys. From there the girl tells us that all conversations are recorded and that a manager would look into it and give me a call 72 hours later and since the manager was gone for the day, he/she would get to it the next day.This was Nov. 12 and today is Nov 28 and still no call. I decided to call this morning to find out that the manager looked into it and made a note on the account that the clerk at the counter did tell us of the fee. Then the girl added that they made that decision that same day (on the 12th). I found that interesting since I was told no manager was there that day. I asked if I could hear the recording. She said no. I asked if there was anyone else I could speak with. She said no. I asked why no one called me. She didn't know why and apologized but that was it.This has been the worst experience from a rental car place I have experienced. NO call back, NO compromise, NO exceptions. That's how you lose customers. I see why they're cheap. I've paid for cheaper services before but NEVER get cheaper customer service for it.
1	Disturbingly long waits.  While waiting in line, the EZ Car Rental right next store, went through 5 people while I stood there. Actually was probably more, but it only dawned on me to start counting when i got really bored.  I probably waited in line for a  good 20 mins, maybe closer to 25.  If time is something you value, this may not be your best choice.
1	OMG!  Why? Why? Why? Did I not look at the Yelp reviews?  DON'T DO IT! Just DON'T. I don't care how much money you think you are saving.  Here is our story.First, they tried to upsell us on everything.  We gave into roadside assistance because the agent convinced us (stupidly) that AAA didn't service the random no-man's-land we were traveling (we were driving between Vegas & Tahoe).  Well, we got to learn that AAA did and the extra money we paid for roadside assistance didn't.First, we ran out of gas. We have never run out of gas in our lives.  When confronted with a sign that said "90 miles to next fuel" we looked at the dashboard and the count down said we had 145 miles worth of gas. Well, somewhere around mile 50, we totally ran out of gas. When AAA came to bail us out, they said we should have easily made it between Las Vegas and Tonopah (the next major town) on one tank of gas, especially with a compact car. Instead, we broke down 40 miles short. The rest of the trip we were filling up every 1/2 tank, which, was a giant gas suck - we spent a fortune on gas.  That brings me to the second issue. We signed up for road side assistance because the rental agent said AAA didn't service this area. WRONG. AAA got to us, with gas, in an hour. Also, the rental agent never gave us the packet to actually call road side assistance, so, that was a waste of $3/day.  We couldn't actually use the roadside assistance we bought with the car and AAA was quick and reliable.  Third issue - emergency brake. Our emergency brake continually turned itself on at random intervals. Every time we went over a bump, the emergency brake went on and again at some other random intervals as well. WHY?!?!?! Final issue, back to gas. On the last day, while holding the pump, the sensor never "sensed" the tank was full, thus overflowing and covering my husband in gasoline. All his clothes were ruined (including brand new designer jeans -  we were headed back to Vegas).  He needed to change in a gas station bathroom, and we paid for extra gas that went all over him and the ground.  Serious problems with the gas tank of our car, clearly.We told the agent that we had many problems with the car he should be aware of before giving it to anyone else.  We were just very concerned but relieved to be getting rid of the piece of crap car. He pretty much mumbled "whatever" and gave us our receipt.
1	BIG NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! I prefer EZ RENTAL way better! Payless CHARGED me the $3 a day roadside and that was not quoted on my online reservation. They kept asking if I wanted insurance and insisted I got it and I kept saying no. ALSO they charge a  $11.50  FEE just to extend the rental car for any extra day.. with EZ RENTAL, they dont even charge me a fee to extend it. Also, I had the mid size car on my online quote they tried giving me a green ugly ford fiesta car which the lighter outlet didnt even work and I made them give me a Nissan Versa instead. GO WITH EZ RENTAL they are so simple and dont charge hidden fees.
2	Believe what you're hearing. This place is awful. They will charge you for anything and everything and completely ignore you if you explain that you do not want ANY upgrades. They'll even go as far as charging you for things that are supposedly "mandatory" but if you do your research, they aren't. Basically do not allow them to charge you for anything other than your original quote (except tax, of course). Don't upgrade your vehicle. All of their cars are very new to begin with, which is the only reason that they get an added star. Check-in will be a nightmare, but check-out was surprisingly quick and pleasant. Still, I would pay an extra $20 or so to work with a company that won't lie to you and try to suck you dry.
2	I am giving this place 2 stars because I got a really good price on a rental in Vegas for 3 days coming to a total which includes taxes for $54.90.They lose three stars for the total hard sale and major push for upselling once we got to the rental agency.  The lady helping us even went so far as to tell us about the risk of getting into a fender bender with all the foreighners driving from other countries.  She put the fear of God into us about the risk of driving in Vegas and almost sold me until she told us the price for the insurance which was $79 additional for the three days!  Me thinks NOT!Driving in Vegas was way better than driving in San Francisco and it was mostly just slow moving near the Strip.Based on that I may use them again but will be prepared for the hard sale next time!!
1	Dear gawd why didnt I look at yelp first?!  Price said $37 when I booked it online.  When I got there it was $100!  I want to give an extra big (sarcastic) thank you to Mandy from this location!  Basically the worst customer service I have ever received!   She basically told me she hoped I would get into an accident in the rental car.  She is a word I dont ever put in writing!
2	in case you haven't figured it out by now, this is an up-sell joint.  you make a reservation, they try to sell you more.even though i live in vegas, i strongly prefer taking a rental car into death valley, so looking first at kayak**, and then going directly to the payless website (where it was 10% cheaper!), i got a reservation.  two days for $32 TOTAL.  great.i take my utility bill and proof of collision/comprehensive insurance (required for locals) and immediately walk up to the reservation desk.  my too-big-dress-shirt helper-clerk (daniel) starts chatting me up.  ho ho ho.  hey hey hey.  all friendly.  he doesn't ask to see my documentation."i don't need any insurance.  i'll return it full."i'm only half paying attention to what he's saying until we get to his part, "so that'll be $82 total.""no.  what have you put on there?  my online amount was $32.  whatever's extra needs to come off.""a compact?  you want a compact?  you don't need more room?  you don't want a hybrid?"so off comes the vehicle upgrade.  and the gasoline (which had been ignored).  and and the regular insurance."it's $42.""no.  that's not my online quote.""what you see online is an ESTIMATE!""what else is on there?  you've got something on there i didn't order.""online quotes are an ESTIMATE!  that's an ESTIMATE."it's times like this that some of the very funniest things i ever say happen.  but they're funny only in the you're-watching-it-on-TV sense of the word, not while you're actually experiencing it yourself."i have a degree in applied mathematics.  i'm probably more familiar with the concept of 'estimate' than you are.  what have you added here?  there's something else.""oh, so you don't want the roadside assistance for $5/day?""no.  you realize that when you click a button online that that's a contract, right?  you're agreeing to a contract.  that has legal meaning.  and when you're adding this stuff you're adding things i haven't agreed to.  i mean, you get that, right?  like, does the nevada bureau of consumer protection know you guys do this?""i don't know, man.  i don't write the contracts.  i just fill out forms..."not exactly.  what you DO is upsell."...it'll be $32.""now isn't that funny?  the ESTIMATE turned out to be EXACTLY right.  i guess estimates are closer than you'd think, huh?"having said all that, the car was cheap.  i looked close at it, added a whole bunch of damage they hadn't caught originally and turned it in with no problem (in their 59 minute grace period, no less).just say "no," repeatedly, and you'll be fine.  or pay two bucks more somewhere else and don't worry about it.*(cheaptickets would have been even cheaper.)
1	HORRIBLE COMPANY!Reserved a car for trip in vegas. Went online and got a deal for rental car. was listed as $48 something. It said "estimate" so i assume it will be around that price. CHEAP rental?? SCORE!!!! Or so I thought.When we got there, I stood in line for 45 minutes just to get up to the booth. I notice other companies, people were moving fast, getting their cars fast. Got to the booth and I got a bad feeling about the companyFirst thing the rep tried to sell me a luxury car for an extra $10/day. I was like wtf?I said no and opt to keep my selectionthen they started talking about insurance. being a first time renter, i figure i got with the minimum to cut on cost. i i figure it wasnt going to be muchthen she tried to sell me other offers and i turned everything down because i dont want to complicate thingsafter everything, the bill came out to be $200. Est 48 to 200!!?!? WTF!!!??? I personally want companies to be up front with their prices instead of giving estimates and then get to the place and start tacking on more crap onto your bill. Everything should've been on the site because I even get the booth. I should just be able to go the booth, give my confirmation number and get my car ASAP.AVOID THIS COMPANY! SHADY ASSES!!!
1	FUCK YOU, aaaaand Good Night! No, but seriously, fuck you, your company, your operation, and your greaseball staff. It's taken a long time for someone to finally earn my first 1 star review and I can assure you, it's WELL deserved. Congratulations.Let me start by saying I went into this whole arrangement full aware of the reputation this company has for shady upsale practices. After a good amount of due diligence I decided no sweat, I know what to expect, I'll hold the advantage and swagger my whole way through this deal with as little heartache as possible. Afterall, they were x4 cheaper than a "real" car rental company.Turns out, not so much. 15 or so of us who waited in line for 30 minutes before being told that no cars were available despite all of us having reservations, were simultaneously bent over and ramrodded. But hey, they did offer to not charge us for one day's rental if we came back the next day and stood in line again for first come, first serve access to any cars that happened to be returned. Except that said free day was the first day of our reservation period, during which we were just told we wouldn't be getting a car. Wtf?I walked over to Budget and gladly paid $400 for a couple of days rental after having a few choice words with the Payless fucks.
2	Why didn't I read the reviews before booking a car at this place?!? I am kicking myself for not doing so. There was no one in line in front of us, yet we still waited for 15 minutes before we were helped. The sales associate, yes I am calling him a sales associate because I felt like they were trying to sell me the car, Daniel was aweful and rude. He mumbled the whole time so you couldn't fully understand what he was saying, little did we know he was adding on all this extra stuff without us knowing.  He also asked a bunch of questions and I felt like it was an interrogation and felt like if you gave a wrong answer they would charge you even more. He then looked like he was getting frustrated after we didn't want to add an additional driver. He insisted to add me even though I knew I would never be driving the car since I would be with my fiance the whole time. In the end our bill was double what we had originally booked for. When we got the car it was filthy! The seats were stained and had cigarette burns in them and it smelled so bad. It looked like it was never cleaned. We had to buy our own armor all and disinfectant just to even sit in the car. I then called customer service to complain about the over charges and the condition of the vehicle. She then told me to call the office that I just rented from! Unbelievable! I told her that I was so frustrated with them at this point that I did not even want to talk to anyone in that office. Then she went ahead and opened up a ticket for me. I told her that I would never rent from this company again and her excuse was, just because you had a bad experience at one place doesn't mean the other locations are bad too! Excuse me, but your customer service in one location directly relates to the overall company!!! The only reason I gave it two stars was because they did refund me the money for the upgraded vehicle which we never was even consented for in the first place. Overall, save yourself the hassle and book with the bigger name companies like budget, enterprise, or hertz. I never had an issue with these companies and you will be paying the same amount. At least their vehicles are clean and better customer service.
2	(Belated Review - 8/28/12)  Never again.  This was my first car renting experience.  I made a reservation on line.  I specifically did not select insurance because I didn't need any.  So my quoted price was about $160 after taxes.  I was in line for over an hour.  Not unexpected.  I was flying in on a wed afternoon.  I got to the counter and the agent was flirty and super pushy.  Talked about coverage and I said no thank you.  So I gave him my card and just before he swiped I asked what the total was.  $350!  I asked why and he said well the insurance would be an extra $190 on my quoted price. "But I don't want insurance."  -"You have to have to purchase insurance and this is the most basic."  "So there is no way possible I can have the price you quoted me, I have no choice in getting insurance"  -"yes."What a liar.  I honestly didn't know better.  I should have gotten out of line and walked to another rental place.  If you have liability insurance you do not have to have rental insurance.  I said no and he lied to me.  This is not a sales tactic it is dishonest and shady.
1	DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY! They will put the added rental insurance on your contract even if you don t want it. $24.00 a day. They lie and will cheat you. I have been trying to contact them and they keep telling me how sorry they are and will get to the bottom of it but then don t call back. I will never use them again and do everything to let people know what a horrible scam they are pulling on people. The only good reviews are from there employees. BEWARE!
1	Priceline will be losing business from this experience as well which is really unfortunate, but I can't risk renting from a company like this again.My experience is similar to Chung's and many others'. 1. Check-In took about 30 minutes once I arrived at the counter - 25 minutes longer than any other rental car company.2. Shady business practices in upselling techniques where they tried to tack on a number of other charges hoping I wouldn't notice in lieu of the (sh***) upgrade that was given.3. Once I got to the car, which reeked of marijuana masked by grape robitussin, it was late at night and I just wanted to get out. I didn't see any damage to the car, or anything that looked abnormal from any other rental car I'd ever gotten.- granted it was late at night and the lighting in the parking structure was not good. So I took it and went to exit -  Getting off the lot took several minutes because the representatives just wanted to "kick it" in their garage center.4. Upon return of the rental car, the representative pointed out a door ding, no more than a quarter each - that were barely visible. I seriously was like "what? where?" until I realized what they were pointing at.  In a hurry to make it to my flight, they said I needed to fill out paperwork acknowledging the car door ding that clearly occurred with someone else hitting their door against the rental car door - I replied I didn't have time to and I'd like to speak with a manager.  The manager tells me that if I don't complete it, they will - and threatened that if I let them complete the paperwork, they'll "write whatever they want". So I spent 10 minutes completing all of the information, citing how the door ding is so barely visible I wouldn't have even reported it had it been there when I picked it up, then I took pictures of the car with a camera I happened to have on me, and rushed to my flight.They are now trying to collect $659 from me for this door ding along with other items that I hadn't heard of nor are they accurate. NEARLY SEVEN HUNDRED DOLLARS!! If they think this is supposed to be a lesson to purchase their expensive insurance the next time around, they are dead wrong. I'll be sticking with National/Enterprise/Avis from here on out.
1	The estimate that I got online was $88.63 for 4 days at $12.50/day with an economy car. The price summary listed the following taxes and fees: Consolidated Facility Charge ($3.75/day), Vehicle License Fee ($1.65/day), Airport Access/Imposed Fee (10%), Local Tax (2%), Government Service Fee (10%), and Sales Tax (8.10%).I thought that the estimate would be pretty accurate considering how detailed the list of taxes and fees were. However, when we got to Payless car rental at the McCarran Airport, the woman at the counter gave me a full price of $213 for 4 days, with taxes & fees and no insurance. With insurance, it was going to be $272. She tried extremely hard to upsell us on the insurance, even asking to see our insurance card to show that we would be saving more money by going with Payless insurance in case "a rock hit the window," which she stated was the number one claim. She said that in such an incident ("a rock hitting the window"), we would have to pay for 20 days of rental (for everyday that the rental car was out of commission and getting repaired) and pay our own insurance deductible to cover their car.Plus, based on the sheer number of times that she kept talking about "rocks hitting the window," we knew that if we didn't get the insurance, that's exactly what they would've been looking for. Shady, shady.She also tried to claim that the only economy car they had was a Suzuki hatchback that only got 16 miles to the gallon, so she also tried to upsell us on a hybrid. The rates were so ridiculous and so far off from the original estimate that we didn't complete our reservation. Terrible company/business model!
1	Awful, Awful, Awful!!!I travel quite a bit and have rented many cars in my travels, but this by far was the worst experience I've ever had. I came prepared to turn down any extras as I know these places usually try to upsell you. I have been allowed to decline insurance at every other rental company I have used...except this one. When I declined the insurance, the agent told me that she didn't advise me to turn it down because my insurance was not very good and if something happened I would pay triple the cost. Okay, no thanks, decline. Fine. Next she prints out my total and it's a good $20 over what I had booked. I asked her why that was and she said that they give everyone the roadside insurance. I declined. She said I was not allowed to decline that coverage because everyone is REQUIRED to have it. Like I said, I've travelled quite a bit and know that's a load of bull. Again, I decline. She then says that she cannot rent me a car unless I take the roadside insurance. I told her that I was aware that I did not have to take anything and she said the only thing she could do for me was get her manager, but that her manager would tell me the same thing. I was so tired of dealing with her at that point that I just took the stupid roadside insurance and left. I hope she's glad she got the extra three dollars in commission for hassling me. Getting commission by forcing your customers to get something they aren't required to get is super shady. Please do not use this company. I have used various rental companies in this same rental facility for McCarran and never had these issues.
1	What a mess!!! Online the rates are great, but when you get to the counter it is nothing but harassment and up-selling, and if you don't buy into the up-sell they are RUDE RUDE RUDE. Not to mention the lines and waiting. They need to focus on courteousness (especially living/working in Hospitality Heaven aka Las Vegas) , professionalism and expedited service. The low rates are not worth the aggrivation and hassel.
2	I give them two stars because they are cheaper than the other car rental places, IF you don't fall prey to their aggressive upselling  tactics.  I probably won't be renting from them anymore because they are downright shady, have busted up, dirty cars and I am really tired of their scheming to get me to spend more money.  Part of it's my fault for not catching their trickery every time, but seriously, it's ridiculous how much effort they go through to add fees to your rental.  In all fairness, I've only had problems with one particular agent.  She seriously belongs on a used car lot somewhere.  She'd be a millionaire.
2	My experience was seemingly better than most of the reviews I've read on here. That being said I still have to give it a 2 star experience as far as the service was concerned. I booked my car a week in advance: 3 days for a grand total of $51Not bad considering other companies were close to twice that. The taxes here are insane.When I arrived there was nobody in line, so I was served immediately. I gave the lady my name and ID, she found my reservation and that's where the fun began.It went more or less like this:"Sir, are you going out of state with this car?" "Uh, no, wasn't planning on it""Oh, because if you were you can get a Sonata Hybrid for $12 per day more!""Not bad, but no, I won't need it.""Are you sure? It's a nice car!""No, that's OK, thanks.""Ok, no problem. Will you be adding insurance for only $26 dollars a day?""No, I've got my own""Are you sure? This is Las Vegas! We have the highest insurance rates in the country because of the accidents and theft!""No, I'm from Miami, I'm familiar with the problem""I don't think it's a good idea, I had a renter just last week had their car stolen out of the Valet lot at the Mirage, and people break into the cars all the time! You'd be stupid not to take the insurance because your insurance won't cover the cost of downtime and other expenses!""Wow. Sounds like that's the Valet's problem really. No thank you. I'll be fine""You're getting an unheard of rate of $8 a day, you mean to tell me you won't protect yourself for only $78 dollars more?!""Yes, I'm sure.""Ok then, the total will be $66""I was told it was $51 when I booked online. Taxes and fees included... why is it more??""We automatically add roadside assistance for $15 when you book. If you have any problems the hookup to the tow truck alone will cost you $75!"I was tired of fighting.. "Whatever, fine."The next day I called in and complained, they took off the extra $15 because I KNEW I wasn't going to need it. Most of my driving consisted of driving from one parking lot to the other and the occasional trip off strip.My entire trip I was paranoid that something horrible was going to happen, like I'd come back to find my wheels were missing or I'd find my car days later in the bottom of the Grand Canyon stripped clean by the buzzards.Yes, a very 2 star experience.
1	Hidden fees.  Questionable vehicle condition.   Poor customer service. Started with a long wait in line to meet the clerk.  Then the invoice was higher than I was quoted.  The clerk said it was taxes and fees.  When i reviewed the bill, I noticed a charge for roadside assistance, which I asked to be removed.  This brought the price back to what I was originally quoted (to the penny). Sneaky of them.The car was clean, although a little scratched up.  After I signed off on it, I started the car and noticed a "Tire Pressure Low" warning message.  I immediately switched to an identical NIssan Altima that was parked directly next to it.  I was driving to LA (from Vegas) and at about 1.5 hours into the drive, I noticed the engine sounded like it was working harder than it should.  As I entered an incline portion of the highway, the car began to slow and capped at 40 mph, even as I was flooring it.  Obviously concerned, I pulled over and shut the car down. I called Payless customer service to ask if they had a location in LA, so that I could switch cars out.  I was told I would be charged for the one-way trip (which was significantly more expensive).  When I said I was worried the car wouldn't make it the entire roundtrip, a "manager" by the name of Mary got on the phone.  First she asked if the car was in manual mode (which it wasn't).  Then she told me this was a normal occurrence for the vehicle make and model and when it happens, I should pull over and let the car rest for 10-15 minutes.  Really? She was quite defensive and showed no sympathy for the fact that I was on the side of the road in 113 degree weather.  I asked for my money back and she then said that if they waive the rental fee and their mechanic finds no problem with the car, that I would be charged for the mechanic expenses.  When I asked for another manager, she said there was none.  When I asked for her last name, she refused to give it to me.  She was rude, unprofessional, and uncaring.  Fortunately, after the phone call, I didn't experience any more problems with the car.  However, I will never use Payless again and I advise anyone seeking a car rental to avoid them.
1	Pam at the Payless rental counter was constantly trying to upsell us, and even added on the prepaid gas tank after we requested not to have it. She also presented the coverage options with scare tactics so we were scared into going with the basic coverage (which tripled the price of my original online quote). Would definitely go back to Payless for the price, but would be hard pressed to recommend the company to my friends because of lack of customer service integrity.
1	Rented a Standard car through Carrentals.com. On the Carrentals.com and Payless Website a Standard is described as a Ford Fusion or similar.When I got to the counter I was told I would be getting a Nissan Sentra for my rental. This vehicle is considerably smaller than a Fusion. I needed a bigger car for luggage etc so I had to upgrade to a Hyundai Sonata for $20 more a day. The Sonata is similar to a Ford fusion yet I had to pay.I called Payless to speak to management to ask for a refund of my upgrade but was informed that they were a franchise and consider their cars differently than the corporate Payless car rental company.Payless Las Vegas and corporate needs to get their act together and stop up selling the hell out of customers and misleading vehicle sizes. Payless Car Rental Las Vegas FAIL!
1	I and my 120 employees rent cars nationally every day of the week, We love to save money for the company and deceided to try Payless at McCarren Airport in Las Vegas (my home base) Because My car was out of town I decided to see what it was like to rent in my home town. THIS EXPERIEINCE from the go was a nightmare. I had no luggage and headed straight for the rental car bus which was packed over the limit with people. I got there and waited 40 min "Thats right" 40 min while watching slow moving, up selling counterpeople Try, try and try again to get every customer to buy extra insurance, towing etc that they simply did not need. My car was prepaid so I was stuck with Payless and could not go anywhere eles where they were giving out keys and getting them on the road. I FINALLY get to the slowest guy who begins to ask me every personal question like where I work, what I do, where I live, am I married, where am I going etc etc etc. My credit card and license is in his had while he is asking these questions and 60 people are giving me the COME ON MAN eye.I tell him that I NEED NO EXTRA COIVERAGE, My corporate card, AAA membership and regular car insurance pay for everything. Never stopping the talking he agrees and makes me sign and tells me EVERYTHING IS OFF. I finally break away and head to the car and notice a $15. per day charge. I ask the car attendant and he said that the salesman added towing and road side. THAT THEIF!!  I said more than 3x that I had AAA and was a local and would not need ANYTHING. Thats what all the no stop talking was about. I used the car which was good, clean and in good michanical shape. Upon returning I met the rudest, arroganr and condicending $8.00 parking attendant that I have ever met.  I was blown away by his rudeness. When I went upstairs I confronted the staff and they scattered like freightened gazell.The manager was brought out and I told he what had happened. He was interested and appoligized.I will NEVER renta a Car FROM PAYLESS EVER. They Lie, theare rude and they simply are a bunch of robots. Whom ever is training these people really needs to take a long look at what the public sees. In reviewing my rental car charges for my company today, we came up with $188,990.12 average per year for rental cars for employees. From this day forth not ONE PENNY of this budget will go to Payless.
1	AVOID AVOID AVOID. I was in town visiting my parents and we wanted to take a day trip to Mount Charleston. We decided to rent a car for our trip. Well, long story short, our vehicle (a Nissan Altima with only ~13k miles on it) stopped working forty minutes later on the freeway. We were promised assistance with a replacement car within an hour. It took them FOUR freaking hours to finally get us our replacement car while we were stuck on the side of the desert, even though I gave them VERY clear instructions as to where we were. The whole time the service reps were giving me the runaround on the phone, saying that the driver was on his way and was lost. For FOUR hours? Yeah, okay.They tried to resolve the situation later by offering us two free vouchers (note: only after my dad laid out the rage). You know how terrible this company is? Well, Chinese people tend to love free stuff, and we didn't even take those vouchers because we'd rather pay to NOT ever use this company again.Funny story: one of the service reps on the phone told us our car failure was a "known issue" with the Altima due to changes in elevation and hot weather. WTF?! Do they know they are located in Vegas.. which is in a desert climate.. and is surrounded by mountains? And furthermore, if it's a "known issue," why continue renting this car out to people? Shady, so shady.
1	Straight up fraud.  It's only a matter of time before some federal or state attorney sues this operation.  They quote one price online, including all taxes and fees.  The clerk at the rental car counter then tries to upsell you on a number of options -- insurance, gas, and other stuff -- which you decline.  He runs your credit card without another word and surprise the final price is MUCH HIGHER than the quote.  Why?  Because he has added "roadside assistance" or something else for which he probably gets a commission.  But being a smart consumer you've read the reviews for Payless and made reservations with another car rental company.
1	Wow.....as bad as it gets.... And I've been traveling for 39 years. Terrible terrible terrible
2	Today i had the "lovely" experience of the Payless manager at Las Vegas airport treat me as if I was not another human being. The agent was very friendly at first. She then went into the back for quite some time and when she came out a young woman was with her. This woman, who was obviously the manager, stood behind the agent with her arms crossed, staring at me, but never said a word. As the agent processed my reservation, for a good 3 minutes, the manager continued to stare starting to make me feel uncomfortable. At this point the former friendly agent's attitude completely changed. She told me I had to buy insurance. I declined. She insisted. I let her know I've rented cars plenty of times before and it was never required. She said that since they are a low budget car service they require it, which is how I received a great rate. Keep in mind Payless was only $30 less than a top car rental company. The extra insurance would cost me $20 PER DAY. The same cost as my car per day. Also, what she was saying is a complete lie and it isn't required. The manager continued to watch over us as the agent and I went back and forth, but never ONCE said anything, never ONCE acknowledged what was happening. Instead she stood over us like some dictator and stared at me on her ridiculous power trip. I decided to acknowledge the manager by looking at her and plainly saying "hello"...her eyes flickered but there was no response aside from continuing to stare with a snarl on her face. I politely said that I'd look at other rental companies and come back to them if I found Payless was the right choice. Well, they weren't and I would NEVER give them my money after being treated that way. The young manager at Payless, with brunette hair and tan skin needs to have a reality check on 1. how to be a good manager and 2. give good customer service. It disgusts me that another person would treat others that way. SPEAK UP and MANAGE if you have that position. Good luck with your career honey, because with that attitude you won't be getting very far. Needless to say, I'd never rent from Payless again.PS I'm giving an extra star only because the agenda was friendly and she obviously changed her attitude because her terror of a boss was standing over her.
1	DO NOT RENT from this company!  Low prices on online sites like CarRentals.com are an easy hook for us shoppers, but once you get to their desk, you pay for it with a miserable experience with their sales staff.  They first tried to convince me to upgrade, saying that the Hyundai Sonata I reserved was unavailable and that the replacement Mazda 6 would be too small for my family of 5.  I refused the upgrade despite her persisting.  Then she tried to pressure me into purchasing liability and renters insurance which I also declined despite her scare tactic scenarios.  She asked me for my insurance company name and deductible (don't know why), and successfully convinced me to purchase the flat rate gas fee, which I ended up losing money on since I returned it with a little less than a half-tank.  The total was about $100 more than my online quote with the gas and "roadside" charge that I didn't notice till later.When I finally got downstairs to get the keys to my car, what do I see?  About 3-4 Hyundai Sonatas sitting in Payless stalls, unused.  I questioned the booth rep about the availability of those Hyundais as it was explained to me that there were none, and he called up and spoke with someone and eventually gave me the keys for the Hyundai I originally wanted.  I then realized the saleswoman had lied to me, in order to try and get me to pay more for an unnecessary upgrade.  I hate dishonest business, and will never, every rent from Payless again.  I would rather pay a bit more for an honest business and great customer service.  If you try to rent from these guys, be ready to refuse add-ons, deal with pushy salespeople and possible walk away from them entirely.
1	Worst car rental ever.  AVOID These liars, and scam artists.I was quoted  $12.99 a day, and it came out to $140 for 2 days.I told them 5 times, that I DO NOT want extra optional insurance, but they still added it on $24.00 a day when they billed me. They also added on 4 other fees that I didn't need. I have AAA, and they told me AAA does not service the area...LiarsThey will up, and increase all the charges, and add more fees later when you return the car. Your bill will increase by $200, or more on the final bill. I can't believe this place is still in business with all the negative reviews.  STAY AWAY.
5	I had a GREAT experience renting my car with Payless today. After reading all the negative reviews I was ready to kung fu karate chop anybody who was going to give me push back. To my wonderful pleasant surprise, our agent Allan was super nice and helpful. Was never pushed to get roadside assistance or any other coverage I didn't want. Would definitely come back!
1	HORRIBLE!!!  I'm still upset by the experience I received at this place.  After 13 years in the hospitality industry, I have never experienced anything this bad.  If they just didn't say a word to me and gave me my car, I would be happy!  But the RUDE employee(Daniel) that I dealt with should be fired, including the management(hiding in back office). This business has 64 COMPLAINTS lodged against them with the Better Business Bureau.  They have an "F" rating.  Are you listening Payless?  Hello, HELLO?? On 10/19 at 12:01pm, I was being strong armed into paying for insurance which I did not want.  They seem to take it personally if you decline the insurance.  It was as if he was angry at me for declining.  They must get some perks for packing on FEES.  He was condescending and demeaning.  Even when he scribbled for me to initial for the decline, when I couldn't see where he wanted me to initial, he SLOWED down for me to show me as if I were an absolute idiot.  Thank you Daniel for accommodating my deficits.  Is it just Las Vegas that has such terrible employees?  Do they even know how things are in the rest of the world?  DO YOU EVEN CARE PAYLESS??  I will definitely pursue this further and contact the Convention and Visitors Bureau, who should already be aware of this.  This is your image Las Vegas and these are the reasons people take their meetings and conventions elsewhere. PAYLESS, look at your ratings!!  Can you see that this is NOT isolated?  Next time I will pay $2 more for a reputable company.  I tried marking ZERO stars, but I have to choose ONE Star minimum.  My true rating is ZERO or less.
1	As is the theme with all the reviews I've read, the customer service is pretty bad and they force feed the insurance down your throat. I spoke with my State Farm agent prior to making a reservation and he made it crystal clear that since I have full coverage, I am covered when renting a car. When I mentioned this to the agent, she gave me some attitude and stated "Sir, I would like to inform  you that you are in Nevada, an at fault state and your insurance does not cover you in the event of an accident." The line was about an hour deep and it was a bit disconcerting to go through that after waiting an hour. The reservation I made through carentals.com is simply an estimate, according to senorita Payless. So, instead of paying $8/day with minimum taxes, as stated in the agreement, we paid 3 times that amount and that's after declining insurance a dozen different ways. Idk if it's Payless or the industry, but someone needs to step up in Washington (once they get their shit in order) and figure out how to protect consumers from this insanity and price gouging.
1	Don't do it. I repeat - DO NOT DO IT. $8 rental $18 rental - stay away from this place. Unethical ALL around.
1	Why oh why didn't we check Yelp on this place before falling for the '$8' rate trap bait and switch! I can't give this place a zero or I would. They were high pressure on the insurance which we declined and then when they gave us the contract the emergency road service was on it and they wouldn't take it off - saying it was required. The taxes and fees were much higher then estimated. They wanted $11 more per day for an additional driver. To make matters worse the car we got might as well have had a lawn mower engine. Fail!
1	DO NOT RENT FROM THEM!  SERIOUSLY!!Recently, I had a painful and horrible experience from them:1 - I was quoted online for $32.  I declined coverage but I was charged for collision damage waive fee!  Final total came to $94! Decline insurance or not, you still get charge for it!While they're processing my booking, one of the front desk attendants was called in the back office to service another customer.  She came out unhappy and grumbled to the other customer that she was just getting coffee with not an ounce of friendliness in her tone and face!  Nice job, lady!  Very "professional" indeed!  2 - They took my driver's license to make a copy but they never gave it back.3 - Came back to the rental car to remove those "extra fees" (and to retrieve my driver's license) by "re-writing" my contract.  While the attendant is processing it, another customer beside me was having the same "wonderful" experience as I was!  The other customer was complaining about the extra fees charged.  4 - Also tried to get my driver license back but the manager at the time was out so the Payless employees couldn't open the office door where they stored my license.  They said she'll be back around 4:30.  The employees said that no one can contact the managers if they're on a meeting (in a different building).  They tried calling but the calls were routed back to them. Since I couldn't risk driving without my license, I ended up waiting for the manager to come back more than an hour later (around 5:20 pm).5 - I checked my Amex (which I used for the car rental) and I saw 4 pending transactions charged by them:    i.  $200    ii. $200    iii. $ 94    iv. $ 32What the F!!!!!!  Where in the world did the 2 - $200 charges came from?  And since they charged $32 again when they re-wrote my contract to remove the extra insurance/coverage fees, I didn't see any pending credit transaction to refund the $94!!I do think the employees are not treated well and respected by the management and the company.  Horrible customer service means horrible work environment, horrible management and horrible company practices (like charging extra fees!).  With that said, I will definitely not come back to Payless LV.  If I knew at the time of the reservation that this horrible experience would happen, I would have run the other way as quick as I can.  However, I do want to thank the lady who finally retrieved my driver's license.  She pursued the manager when she arrived to personally get it.
1	This place cheated me out of hundreds Of dollars. I was quoted at $115 dollars for my rental through kayak plus the $54 dollars I spent for car insurance. When I returned the car they charged me over $880!!!! When I went to talk to the manager she gave me the worst customer service I have ever had and told me "good luck refuting these charges with your credit card company because you will get nothing back from me"I've never felt so disrespected in my life. DO NOT RENT FROM HERE!
1	DO NOT RENT HERE!  READ THE REVIEWS!! DON"T FALL FOR IT!!!I was looking back at my Yelp reviews and noticed that I'm not the only one that has been ripped of by this shady company. So many bad reviews. The old bait and switch, up selling, and dishonesty. Avoid this company like the plague!
1	Rented a car while in Vegas for almost 3 days. Did NOT expect to have such an inconvenience by renting a car from them. The person at the counter-- named Pearl-- said that my insurance co. no longer covers loss of use so if there was an accident we would potentially be responsible for the car rental company's business lost while the car was not able to be used. Pearl was very certain that she knew what she was talking about. She even quoted the month that the auto insurance company supposedly stopped covering the loss of use. It was a Sunday so I could not check with my insurance agent but I was told that if she was wrong and I was covered that I could simply give her a call & she'd remove the insurance fees. So, on Monday morning I called the insurance agent and he confirmed that she was incorrect & my insurance would cover it. I called and spoke to someone at their office that was not that a manager. That person said that most likely I would be charged for the insurance and would have to dispute it with my credit card company. Payless car rental would have to playback the video from the time that I was at their counter. Like I was lying. The manager on duty was not available and he would call me back. After a couple of hours, I called them back & asked for a manager. Finally, he spoke with me saying that he did not know why his employee would have said anything like that about the insurance. He said that he'd have to playback the video so I told him that he should. Anyway, the only way to get the insurance fees refunded was to go back in and sign a waiver. I was not thrilled about going back there before I need to return the car. I was on a vacation and shouldn't have to deal with this. The manager said that he should have charged me for one day of the insurance but he wouldn't because of the inconvenience. I already had my own coverage!!! After driving back to the car rental center & stopping at three different areas, I was issued a credit. Pearl was at the counter most likely getting another customer to pay for the additional insurance. The manager really didn't care to apologize. Customer Service deserves NEGATIVE number of stars. I think that they succeeded at getting another bad review from an unhappy customer that felt like they were hustled & hassled by Payless Car Rental.
1	Like everyone else, this place is a joke. They make you pay for liability insurance, and mind you I rent cars all the time. Nobody else makes you pay for that sh*t. And to be honesty all the people who work there are PAYLESS and I'm sure they get PAID just as LESS. There is no quality in cars, people, customer service and their prices are far from PAYLESS...I tried calling customer service b/c we will going to be late returning our rental and of course, nobody answers the phone for an hour and I even left a courtesy message to these A**holes to call me back and guess what, no return call. I guess I did PAYLESS for customer service. So people pleeeese, if you are going to rent a car pleeeeese DO NOT use PAYLESS because you get what you PAY for. CRAP!!!!Believe me the corporate office will be hearing from me and they just might get a nice call to the BBB!!! Merry Xmas!!!
1	I was not happy with the bait and switch technique this company and Southwest Airlines pulled on me last night. I declined all the extra fees and the cost was more than what my Southwest Airlines conformation letter stated. Even the employee felt bad with what I had to say. He had heard it before from previous customers. Shame on you Payless. Shame on you Southwest.
1	I'm kicking myself for not reading the Yelp reviews before renting from this place.  I made a reservation on Kayak, thinking all car rental companies are basically the same.  They are not.  The guy at the counter was nice enough, but totally misleading, signing me up for all kinds of extras I did not need.  He also made it sound like he was offering me a choice of cars in the "Standard" category (what I had reserved) when really he was upgrading my reservation.  Only once we got all the way thru the process and he gives me my total ($200+ more than my reservation!) did I realize he was adding all this crap on!  So sorry to the people in line behind me, but I made the reservation agent go thru everything again and take all the add-ons off.  What a shady business.
2	Payless Car Rental - what can you expect? Not a whole lot. For the price, they get the job done. You can get a functioning rental car with decent customer service.  I've never had a problem with their service perse, but it's not particularly outstanding.* The line to checkin and pickup your car is always long. Once you're at the counter, it's not horrible, but there's always a line getting to the counter.* The process to get your car is the same as any other rental car company. Get the keys, inspect the vehicle and off you go.* On numerous occasions, I wasn't particularly impressed with the cars.  This last time, it was very smokey smelling; not anything that airing out the car would solve.  On other occasions, the interior was dirty.* Upon returning the car, at least I gave myself ample time because I had to wait nearly 10 minutes for an agent to show up to check the car back in.  That is completely unacceptable.Do the pro's outweigh the con's? Maybe. I've been a repeat customer.
1	So...just got off the phone with Mary from Payless in Vegas. My husband declined all of the insurance, etc...several times because we have a super insurance plan through USAA and I just found a 271.00 charge on top of the expedia charge of 97.00. She said it will take her 72 hrs. to look at the video tape and pull the documents! Wow!!!! What a scam. One thing is for sure, it won't take me 72 hours to write a review to Yelp and the Better Business Bureau.
1	Ha!! So...they gave me back 20 dollars of my 270 dollars. Kevin promised to call me back at days end...of course, no phone call. So...I found the regulatory agency for rental cars. It's the Nevada DMV. I'm submitted my complaint tomorrow and encourage all of you to do so as well. This could turn into a class action law suit. If anyone would like to join me, here's the form to fill out. http://www.dmvnv.com/pdfforms/ced020.pdf
2	The only reason this place gets 2 stars instead of 1 is because I didn't have any problems with my car. My problem is with their shady business practices. Basically they offer you a bunch of extras without mentioning that you will be charged for them. I was in a hurry and I was definitely a little naive (since I never rented a car before) and they took full advantage of those facts. When I made the reservation online, my total was $140, but when the bill was printed, the total had ballooned to $343! The extras I was charged for: Extra driver - $11/day per driver, so for 2 extra drivers for 3 days, this came out to an extra $66. "Basic" insurance - $93, which I didn't need because I was already covered through my credit card that I made the reservation with. When I was at the counter, the girl cleverly asked "which" insurance I wanted, as opposed to "if" I wanted insurance. Gas - They offered me a discounted tank of gas at $55. I only used a quarter of a tank, but I still had to pay for a full tank. When the bill was printed, the girl at the counter didn't bother to go over the different charges. She knew I was in a hurry, and was trying to get me to sign and out the door as fast as possible. When I got a chance to review the bill later, I realized I was getting ripped off so I went back and had them remove the items I didn't need. At the very least they didn't argue with me and refunded me the money. But if they had just been honest with me they could have saved us both some time. Bottom line: Don't get talked into any extras, and make sure to review your bill before you sign and leave with the car.
1	We just got back from Vegas, We go to Vegas every year and I rent approximately 3 cars a year. This was my first time renting from Payless.  I had reserved my car on Priceline through Kayak.  I printed out the receipt showing that I would owe $157.90 total (after tax, fees, etc.) at the counter when I picked up my car. This was for a Premium car for 5 days. When I got to the counter I gave the gentleman my DL, a copy of the reservation and my credit card. He asked me the name of my insurance company and I told him because I felt it was reasonable question. He quickly told me that my insurance did not cover the vehicle and that I should buy his policy.  I knew that my insurance did cover rental cars, and I also have coverage on my credit card that I was using. I told him that I did not want his insurance.  He asked if we were going to take the vehicle out of state. I told him that we had considered going to the Grand Canyon and possibly to Utah. I asked if that was going to be an issue and he said "all depends"  I didn't know what that meant, but figured he would explain it later on.  He told me that they would put a $200 hold on my card and then asked me to initial and sign the agreement.  I looked at the bottom line of the agreement and it had a rental price of $198. I asked him why the price was different than the reservation. He said that the reservation was "only an estimate" and that it did not include taxes and fees. I showed him the receipt that showed the price did include all taxes and fees. He said that there were other fees, but he couldn't tell me what they were. I asked to speak to a manager. He chuckled and said we have a manager, but she is unavailable. He stated that he would see what he could do. He went into the back office, and came out a short time later saying that they would honor the reservation price. He printed a new rental agreement and I signed it.The "premium" car was a Dodge Journey. I guess I was expecting something a little more upscale, but it was actually a very nice vehicle and we enjoyed it.I understand that the rental companies make money off the insurance, and that they are expected to push it. That is fine, what is not fine is that they just add "other fees" but they can't explain what they are.He never did explain the out-of-state policy, even after  I asked him the second time. I read the agreement and did notice that I was ok to go to both Arizona and Utah.I will NEVER rent from Payless Rental Cars again!
1	Like so many others, I didn't read carefully what I signed at check in nor the tiny receipt slip upon return.  My experience was at the Phoenix airport.  I told the agent I didn't need any insurance or any of the other add-ons and he instructed me to initial 5 places to indicate my declinations.  My error was in not realizing the one "waiver" was actually an agreement to purchase.  They don't answer their customer service number but did respond quickly with a pdf of what I signed and a politely worded "we gotcha" message.  The car we rented had over 30,000 miles but was well equipped and everything worked, but I don't do businesses that operate this way twice.
1	I made a reservation on their website for a standard size vehicle. I arrived and they did not have the vehicle and have me something smaller, no big deal as they did offer me an SUV but I declined due to gas cost. I paid online and printed out the confirmation for $65.48. Once I signed all of the papers, they showed a final bill of $78.45 and charged me for the difference. I could not figure out where the extra fee came from and he just said it was taxes. As I sit here in my hotel room comparing the receipts, I discovered that he had me initial for their "Roadside Service Plan" at $4.99 a day! I did NOT ask for that service as I initially declined it upon check out online. These people are SHADY and make sure you read EVERYWHERE that you initial. I will never rent from these guys again!
1	This place is HORRIBLE!!! LOTS of hidden fees.When we rented the car we let them know that we will return the car 2 hours late since our flight was in the afternoon & they said NO PROBLEM, it will be $11 an hour.NEVER ONCE DID THEY MENTION WE WILL BE CHARGED A FULL DAY + $11.00 PER HOUR!When we returned the vehicle, We had to deal with an ugly, obese red head. She was unprofessionally rude & a real smart ass. She told us that she will charge our card for a full day of $90!! (It was 11:00 AM.)  Nobody informed us that returning the rental 2 hours late was going to result in being charged a full day PLUS $11 for every additional hour! If we would have KNOWN this then we would have returned the car at 9:00 AM. She didn't care that we were never informed, instead just shrugged & looked at us lamely.We travel to Vegas 4 X a year & will NEVER rent a vehicle from them again & you shouldn't either!
2	I arrived on Sat. March 8th for my reserved car and was told they were out of cars. They offered to drive me to my hotel and pick me up the next day, so I said I'd do that instead of waiting the 2 hours for a car to come in. I was told that the shuttle would be there any second to pick me up. I waited 2 hours for that damned shuttle, and in the process finally put myself on the waiting list for a car, which I apparently wasn't on when I said that I'd take the shuttle. The shuttle arrived the same time my car did, so I took the car. Bad points for that. Then upon doing the paperwork, I caught that $4.99/day charge for roadside service, and said that I did not want it. He told me it was mandatory, which nothing said on the paperwork I had printed out and brought in. So I did get stuck with another 30 bucks over what I was quoted. I'll try to argue it when I turn the car in tomorrow, but don't expect anything to come of it. Other than that, the car works, had a full tank, and they did try to sell me everything under the sun, even after I told them I wasn't interested and especially so after waiting 2 hours for a car, after having flown in all the way from Afghanistan. Those dicks seriously have no compassion, just sell sell sell.
1	ABSOLUTE WORST CAR RENTAL EXPERIENCE EVER.  1.  I booked my car 3 months before our trip.  When we arrived, they had no cars.  ZERO.  There were about 30-40 people waiting on cars, because they "ran out".  What is the point of a reservation again?2.  The manager (older woman, brooklyn or boston accent, don't know her name) was incredibly rude.  A little compassion for the people screwed over by the company you represent would be nice.3.  Hidden fees.  When I book cars online with other companies, the charge is exactly what they said it would be.  They added $25 to my rental for "roadside assistance" plus other fees as well.  If I'm renting a car from you, and it breaks down, I shouldn't have to have paid for roadside assistance for you to help me.4.  Terrible customer service.  5. Avoid this company like the plague.6.  The only reason I gave them 1 star is because 0 stars is not an option!
1	February 21, 2014, I reserved a car for 5 days from Payless, to be picked up 16 days later, on March 9, 2014, in Las Vegas, NV.  I flew into town and arrived at Payless in Las Vegas on time.  When I approached the counter to get my car, the clerk told me that they were all out of cars and I would have a 3 hour wait.  I was furious. He told me that reserving a car was not a guarantee that I would get a car, because lots of people never show up when they had reserved a car.  I went 50 feet away and rented a car from Advantage car rent.  It cost me almost $200.00 more than the Payless car would have cost.  I did put my name on the Payless waiting list for the next available car. As I was driving out of the rental agency 15 minutes later with my car from Advantage, Payless called me and told me they had a car ready for me.  I could not return the Advantage car because I signed a contract with them.  Payless owes me a rental car, free of charge, for 5 days, sometime in the near future in Las Vegas.  Even if they do, I still will have lost money on the deal.  Stay away from Payless.  I have been renting from them about once a month for the past 17 months.  This is no way to treat a very good customer.
1	My buddy rented a car from Payless during our trip to vegas. Needless to our experience is pretty much the same as most of the people here. Our wait felt longer then our flight, TSA was no where as bad as the 45 min wait to get to the counter, or the additional 20 min at the counter.What I don't get if you have a paid reservation what would change, right? Apparently everything, they gave us a free upgrade, that ended up costing $20 a day. Off course when he checked his bill,  and he found all sorts of funny charges. It's almost as if they do it on purpose to see how much they can over charge with out you noticing. It was funny watching ex rental or what ever the name is next door steal customers, and there was nothing the Payless could do.
1	The slowest car rental service.  Had to return bad GPS. I'll pay a few extra bucks for service.
1	You get in line at this place, and with the line only 4 people, expect to wait 30+ minutes, as they take FOREVER to just get one person through.Then after you decline ALL additional options, gas, insurance, etc., expect to get billed upon checkout for things you declined.Then submit an online complaint to them, and expect it to take2+ emails later to get the additions credited. (I am waiting for my bill credits, even though I have an email stating they will)Overall, SHADY business practices, go to a reputable rental place if you want to be treated like a human.
1	Stay away from this place!!!!!! They don't even deserve one star. Do not fall for that name "Payless"!!!! I booked my 4day car rental online and it gave me "special deal" of $84 for 4 days and it includes taxes and fees.... When I went to pick up the car bill came out to $271! The agent that "helped" added an insurance for $97 and told me that if I change my mind and decide to go with my own insurance just give them a call and they will cancel it. Then I decided to cancel the insurance and the lady that I spoke with said that they cannot cancel it over that phone so I told her that the agent "Pearl" lied to me and she needs to take responsibility of this. To make long story short, they let their agents lie just to make more money for the company. Therefore, again... stay away from this place!!!!
1	We rented a car last week. Firstly the service rep didn't tell us extra driver had extra charge. After we returned the car and checked the bill, we found they actually charged two extra drivers. When I asked for  fix and explanation, no one wanted to deal with us and told us the account was closed. What that is! We looked for manager. One guy asked us to write the letter and told us it took up to 14 business days to hear response. I will never come back. It is the worse rental car company.
1	They will rip you off. They will do everything possible -- within the law and outside it -- to rip you off. Think I am kidding? It is said that no one has ever cleaned/washed a rental car. Well, I cleaned the one I hired from Payless -- inside and out -- because I was so paranoid they would charge me some penalty they have hidden in some fine print somewhere. They are that shady.They are so shady, I would check behind you once you sit down in the driver's seat. Someone might be lying in wait to garrote your ass. Check the trunk, and underneath that liftable floor revealing the compartment where the spare tire goes, in case there is a now deceased prostitute stuck in there. They might pin it on you, dog.They did not have my reservation in their systems because they claimed it had not ported over. No big deal, right? Just look at my confirmation page and give me the car I hired. But no, they would not honour my damn reservation -- which I was showing on my fancy phone (it was a pre-paid [I had already paid for it!]) -- because they did not feel like it. The vehicle was there ready to be inspected and driven away. They said: either wait for your reservation to show up on our computers, or pay the walk-up rate which is about two times more than what I already paid. Wait; I already paid. It is pre-paid (and non-refundable), dude. But you want to me re-hire the vehicle I have already clearly hired, because it is not showing on your computer? Or wait.Once the reservation does make it to their system, you will still be penalised by receiving your hired car late, but you still have to return on the original time, e.g. original 9PM pick-up and drop-off, actual 1115PM pick-up (by their fault, not your own) ... 9PM drop-off. Thanks. Road side assistance will find its way to being slipped into the contract after stating time and time and time again that you do not want it. Then, when you are initialing, they will narrate your way through it: here you are initialing that you are rejecting our insurance ... and here you are initialing that it is a 15$ additional early/late fee ... here, that you must pay 6$ for each gallon of gas if you don't bring it full ... here, that you don't want road side assistance. Don't want. You think you read that if your auditory is telling you that is what you are signing. This is not an isolated incident; it is Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) or par for course, especially when you read of so many other Yelpers experiencing the same swindle.I do not have anything good to say about this company. My car did not break down, but this company did not manufacture it, so credit should not go to them for that. Read the other reviews. You have been warned.
1	This is the worst car rental company ever. Not only is the Las Vegas airport  location crooked but so is the corporate office. I had a prepaid reservation booked months in advance. When I arrived to pick up the car I informed them that the credit card that I used to pay for the reservation had been cancelled due to fraudulent activity and they issued me a new card which I presented to them. I was informed that because I did not have the original card that the reservation is not valid. Even though they had full payment on the rental paid months earlier and the replacement card issued by the credit card company for security they would not honor my reservation.They would however make a new reservation as a "walk up" at double the rate I had already Paid! I told them I was not willing to pay double and they informed me the rate was non negotiable. Duke A. the manager was very rude and said he was going to call security if I did not leave the counter while I was trying to reach the corporate office via my cell phone. I contacted the corporate office and they are as crooked as this location. They are not willing to refund my money that the charged to my credit card (it was paid in full). What kind of company can get away with not honoring your pre-paid reservation and then no give you your money back when you refuse to pay double ! In this day and age with the amount of credit card that goes on this is not an isolated incident.Instead of having a little compassion they try to bend you over and charge you double.
1	I wish I had read these reviews before attempting to rent a car from them. I made a pre-paid reservation on a debit card.  Long story short, when I got there they ran a credit check (which the policy page said MAY happen, not will happen) and did not approve my rental.  The guy at the counter told me to call their 800 number for a refund.  Pretty cut and dried, right?  Of course not...! There's some very ambiguous wording on their "policies" page that implies if you fail to rent a car, you won't get a refund.  Okay, fine.  I came there in good faith, with a deposit and everything, ergo I'm not the one who did the failing here. They also informed me that in order to cancel without a penalty (even though I did not cancel, they did), I had to do so 24 hours in advance.  Since I had made the reservation 2 hours prior, they apparently wanted me to go back in time.  I absolutely do not recommend this company for car rental.  Payless?  Anything but!
1	This place is an absolute rip off. You "pay" for your car rental but then when you get there you find out that there is an additional 25 dollar per day fee. So you either have the choice of paying a fee for "canceling" your car rental or paying the $25/day fee. It is a complete joke. Do not rent from this car rental place. It is a scam.
1	They pull the old bait and switch. We rented tons of cars and never had them do this. Don't rent from them unless you want to pay double what you agreed to. Double the price (per day mind you) for "insurance." No. Go to a legitimate rental place where the prices are the prices.
1	Just so you know  Vegas locals can not rent a car without a proof of residency .Guy at the counter asked me to show him an electricity bill that would match the address on my ID. Well.... I don't have one with me , can I just go online and show you one . Respond : No you have to have it printed . Really ????? . By the way Budget rented me a car 10 mins later , with no line , and no questions asked . Save your time and your nerves , do not rent with Payless .
1	This place totally sucks!  Husband and I needed to go on a last minute trip to San Diego today due to his mother being sick.   We reserved our Van online through priceline.com at 34 bucks a day no problem.    When we got there to pick up our reservation they told us our car type wasnt guaranteed... ok fine.  They told us if we wanted a dodge town and country instead of kia sedona then it would be an extra 10 bucks a day.  I said hell no, stick with sedona.  Since we obviously didn't give them the response they wanted they then proceeded to tell us because we were local vegas residents we needed a utility bill!! Yeah, okay because I carry one with me everywhere just in case!!!  I told my husband screw them I'll get one somewhere else which we did at Dollar rent a car and it is awesome! It had a dvd player for my 2 yr old and satellite radio!!! also for only 30 bucks too!!!! Thank you so much payless rent a car for being a shitty company!  We got to San Diego in comfort! NEVER EVER RENT FROM HERE!
1	No !!! I should have read reviews before hand !!!! bait and switch !!! I was supposed to be charge $49 and when it came down to it I was charged $375!!! Here is my previous review "mBest customer service by any car company I have ever rented from. As for Marcel, he is great!"I take it back ! They are horrible and a rip off!
1	They suck period! Waited in line for an 1hr just to be told I needed a utility bill (I'm local) to be able to rent a car! Bad customer service! If I could put Zero stars I would!!
1	Avoid this horrible company at all cost!  Bait and switch.? Well yes.  Are some of the employees  sacks of  fibbing poop? Well yes. Horrible and dishonest employees? ...well hell yes.Where the story  begins, Priceline quote of $24 a day for 4 days, $150 after all taxes and fees with waiver of ripoff insurance.  They ask for flight number and estimated tme of pickup. Information given and ready to pick up minivan at 9:30 am.Get to Payless about 10 am, 3 people in line, 2 customer service people working.  Wait 40 minutes in line, get to counter and show printout of my reservation.  She finds it and then says oh there is a problem, you are late and we gave your minivan away.  We are  out of regular minivans. However, she can upgrade me to a larger van.  No mention of a charge.Oh and by the way, would you like us to fill up your tank for $2.95 a gallon instead of filling it up yourself at $4 a gallon. That would be nice I say.  I decline the insurance which she says is a very bad decision.  Ok ready to go, print the contract and away I go... Wow my bill is $422.Excuse me but my priceline receipt is $150   That's before the upgrade to the bigger van and the $60 you agreed to for the prepaid gas.  After a lengthy discussion, we agree to take off the gas charge. She never mentioned the prepaid part, must have been an oversight.  Why would I not want to save $1 a gallon? I can be a little dense, it seems.So explain again why I am being charged for the upgrade?  It's because I am late. How much would it have been if I was not an hour late?  She says $175.  I say what happened to the $150?  She says that's just an estimate of the taxes etc..you don't know the taxes until you get here. That there internet computer is not as accurate as the computer in Las Vegas. Hmmm. I will not pay for the upgrade, you should charge me for the original minivan price.  Ok sir. Just sit down over there and when a minivan comes in, we will clean it and you can enjoy your vacation. That pretty much is enough. It's time to talk to a manager.  Ok I will try, but he is a very busy man. She walks into the back room.Less than 30 seconds later she pops back out all by herself. Low and freaking behold, a miracle has just happened....a minivan just checked in.  Good news for all, no need to talk to a busy manager.I've been here over an hour, so I sign the paperwork and head down to get the minivan. I paid the $175 just to move on with my life.  In the garage they show me my minivan. Oh by the way kind sir, when did this van get checked in.  It was here this morning when I got to work, he replied.  That's weird. Starting to doubt my miracle.Now I take the time to read the entire contract and how lucky Can I be? For the low, low price of $4.95 a day, I bought roadside protection.  I am protected from the roadside. That seems to explain a few things..  What a nice company,  enjoy your next Payless rental.
1	Yep the old bait and switch as someone said on here.I was quoted $99 when booked online.  Arrived at the counter and waited for 30 minutes to get help.  When they got to me my total bill was $250!!!I asked how is this possible I was quoted $99 online????  He said that doesn't include tax and daily charges which added up to $250!!!!!While driving the car a rock flew out of the back of a truck and cracked the windshield.  When I brought the car back they said it would be covered by insurance but I don't believe it.  Just watching my credit card statement for an additional charge for who knows how much.This company should not be called payless because you will definately pay more!!!!Will NEVER use again.
2	Booked the one week reservation on the Payless web site for estimated total of $204. Checkin takes perseverance to decline all they want to sign you up for. At checkout the total was $254! Explanation: roadside service at $4.99 per day even though I have AAA. There is also a clause that vaguely states that taxes and fees may change without notice :-)   Wonderful car! Horrible business practices!
1	I rarely write reviews on Yelp but feel compelled to warn others about the misleading business practices at Payless.  I understand the agents are trained to try to upsell but what they do crosses the line of honest business practices.  The agent ask, "you want just the basic package, right?"  This just after asking me for a string of extras like extra driver, extra gas rental etc. Exaxperated I said, yes, "just the basic rental".  Unknown to me he slipped in $202.58 worth of extra liability and roadside service which is ridiculous since I have excellent insurance that covers all that already.  I called the Manager, Mary Shea, and asked her to refund these extra charges.  She admitted that the agent never explained what "just the basic rental" meant but would only give a partial refund.  Their practices are misleading to consumers.  I could have rented a 4 WD or a deluxe car at Enterprise for the cost of an economy rental at Payless for the week!  Don't be fooled by the online savings when you book.
1	DO NOT RENT FROM PAYLESS!!!  I made a reservation for a car through Payless and the deal was great.  When I went to pick up the car they wanted to do a credit check and wanted a $350 deposit.  I agreeed to the credit check and was denied.  I took my business over to Enterprise where I got a car for $10 less than what I was quited at Payless and only had to put a $50 deposit down and no credit check. Stay away from this company!
1	No No No No NO!        Reserved a car for a trip in April...I had a 5 day rental from 4/27-5/2  I read the reviews but thought to myself "Eh let's see how bad this really is"  Waited in line for at least 45 minutes--while EZ Car right next door was begging for customers.  Do to the long wait I almost went to see if EZ price matched--but I stayed put.          Finally it was my turn....the people in line were getting annoyed and angry at the wait time. I was just happy to be in Vegas so I maintained a pleasant attitude. The clerk was pleasant--I will give him that. I had a Visa Debit Card thru Bank of America. Because it was a debit card--even though every other place I've been treats it as a Visa Card  Payless was going to put a $350 hold on rather then the standaRD $200.  Well--okay I guess. Well next because its a Visa Debit Card they must do a credit check. HUH????   WHY?  Once you run my card if I have the money it will be approved.  I knew this wasn't going to end well for me---so now I am frustrated. I failed the Credit Check--and honestly I had enough money in that account to buy whatever car they were going to rent me. The agent kindly told me to head to EZ Car and they will match my quote. Dang it--why didn't I just do that---with no credit check and they treat the Visa Debit as everyone else does with a $200 hold.  EZ Car---wonderful--In and out in 11 minutes with my car and a rate 2 bucks cheaper then Payless.   STAY AWAY!!
2	there were 2 agents working with customers and 2 people in line. It took almost 25 mins before we got to the counter. Very slow check out process. They assume you will get at least the basic insurance coverage. Make sure you decline all coverage if you have your auto insurance. They also tack on roadside assistance @ $5/ day. They will keep saying it is required. If you show your AAA card, they will remove it. Cars they have are old. They have over 39k miles, and have scratches everywhere. Rates are cheap though.
1	OMG, I wish I can give this business ZERO stars!! My hubby made the car rental reservations, thinking he got a good deal. Before my trip, I yelped Payless and OMG! every single review was bad! I panicked- emailed carrentals.com to cancel but they didn't reply at all- :( Getting close to trip, I had no choice but to just bear it & since husband already reserve the car thru our credit card I had no choice!! So when we get to Payless, the long wait! The cashier (2 total) are so so slow! Then it was finally our turn, bingo! sooo happy! I gave the cashier guy my name, under the reservations. He said he doesn't see anything.....TIP: Please remember to print up a copy of your confirmation. I know he was lying so that he can start a new reservation and charge us more for our rentals& on to all the BS crap on extras charges-I HAD mentioned that I do not need insurance as My American Express card had the coverage & my own car insurance covers my rental. I told him, no insurance!& told him I don't want Road Side Service! Yes! he heard me on the Road Side Service but not on the insurance part. My carrentals.com confirmation was 372.00 for a mini-van for 8 days. So my total bill comes out to 696.00. WT*!!I purchased the gas option, for 59.00- so minus 59.00 from that total.Wow! from 372 to 637. something isn't right here! That sneaky cashier charged me for comprehensive coverage which was 23.95 or 24.95 a day. + some other BS fees. I am so mad! I hate being ripped off! We work hard for our money and when we vacation we want the best deals & anything to save money for other vacation expenses.The whole trip, I try not to think about what just happened. Debating, if I should let it go, call payless, ?? I tried calling a few times, but no answer. I learned a really good lesson, we really didn't save any money with carrentals.com, from now on- I'm researching first before I make any confirmed reservations. Please! Please! Please! avoid this rental agency & go elsewhere. I got good advice to try Costco travel- I def. will check out Costco travel for my nexts vacation. I am going to contact the BBB to make a complaint and call my credit card company to dispute this. So unfair!
1	Rip Off - Got the car through Priceline reserved the price. When I go pick up the car They have a surprise,  mandatory $20 add on charge for a tow truck, just in case their car breaks down. They say this is not Payless policy but just the location in Las Vegas. Do NOT accept this. Have called Priceline and complained
1	Never Never Never rent from here. They wouldn't let me rent my car and still charged my credit card which I of course disputed. Once they had reviewed my case they said they still were charging my pre paid payment on my credit card and they would not refund me. I had to rent from another car company also. So one car rental and 2 charges. Thanks a lot payless! Never Never Never again!
1	Worst company in the world to do business with. They rip you off, and do bait switches on their customers. All the reviews you are reading here are correct. They will NOT GIVE YOU THE CAR YOU PAID FOR IN ADVANCE NO MATTER WHAT. I PAID for a Ford Fusion, and when I got their to pickup my reservation, they told me that the Ford Fusion was not available but they will give me a car of the "same class," a Kia Rio. If you know a little bit about cars you know that the Kia Rio is a sub-compact in the same class as a Nissan Versa or a Toyota Yaris. I argued with the manager on duty and they find a Corolla they say they can put me inn. I still argue that they are moving me into a compact vehicle and a not "mid-size" sedan as promised UNDER CONTRACT. Manager continues to argue that they have no car in that class, and when I go to angrily to take the Corolla (as I have already wasted an hour arguing) I see they have a Hyundai Sonata just waiting to be picked up. I ask the person working in giving out the cars and he argues that the Sonata is an upgrade and not a mid-size sedan and a Corolla is a mid-size sedan. After realizing that the person had an IQ of a peanut (along with the rest of their employees) I decide to take the Corolla and be on my way.Along the course of this they tried to make me $94 reservation into a $250 reservation with crappy insurance and other services and "you have to pay for full tank of gas." I got out of all of that just paid the $94. After coming back from my trip i pursued my case through corporate and got in touch with a person named: SUZETTE GERFY (who is supposed to be the city manager) and she was absolutely no help, she said we take pride in customer service and will give a discount coupon for your next rental with Payless. I told her that I feel I should be charged for a compact car instead of a mid-size car, and she said that there is nothing she can do, and she doesn't care.Here are the names of the people I dealt with at this terrible company:John (fat guy working in the front who doesn't care for customer service, and ran out of business cards!)Kevin (who was working in the back and gave cars to the people renting, again he was no help).Suzette Gerfy: if you like to call her and tell her about your terrible experience here is her contact information:Suzette GerfyCity ManagerPayless Car Rental Las Vegassgerfy@paylesscar.com(800) 634-6186 Ext. 2005
1	Just had a horrible experience with Payless. Started off with them giving us an unsafe car- the convertible roof wouldn't latch, which we didn't realize until we were on the highway. We took it back and no one there could fix it either. Next up, the trunk wouldn't open, and our bags were stuck inside. Tried speaking with the manager about the situation and she told us there was nothing she could do because she is not a "licensed mechanic". They rewarded us by giving us a mini van that looks like it's never been vacuumed or wiped down. I'm not usually a negative person, but it wouldn't upset me at all to see this company go out of business.
1	I was in Las Vegas for my daughter's wedding.  I arrived with plenty of time to grab my reserved rental car.  There were about 15 people in line at the Payless counter and nobody at any of the other counters.  I though ok, this won't take too long because there were three agents taking care of customers.  There were two employees alerting Nevada residents that they needed an alternative proof of address other then their drivers licenses.  This of course, made people angry because who is going to bring their bank statements, which they suggested, to the airport with them?  Each agent also spent at least 20 minutes with each customer. The whole time there was a woman at the little EZ car rental business, who like a carnival barker, was yelling that there are no lines at EZ Car, get your car fast here. You don't need two forms of ID here!  This barking was pretty much continuous during my entire hour wait. The EZ car rental was 1 station carved out of the end of the Payless counter.Right before it was my turn at the counter, while the people in the line were audibly complaining, calling customer service on their phones, etc., I noticed that the woman carnival barking for EZ Car kept going over to the Payless agents with paperwork as if they all worked for the same place.  I was kind of confused.  It dawned on me at that point that this company manufactures customer dissatisfaction in order to encourage customers to switch over to the "other" easy car rental place, but without their pre-reserved on line discounts.  I have a very strong suspicion that they are one and the same company.At this point I was really cutting it close to being late for my daughter's wedding.  Finally my turn, I walked up to the agent with drivers license, credit card, and reservation in hand and immediately explained that I didn't have time to talk at the counter for 20 minutes because I would be late for the wedding.  She immediately informed me that there would be many questions she would have to ask me before she could rent me a car.  I told her that I just want the car with no added insurance and I was in a hurry.  Then she immediately told me that she couldn't rent me a car because I was being abusive!This made me absolutely furious.  I got my credit card and license back from her and went over to Enterprise, and not the "other" company at the end of their counter.  It took about three minutes there.  As I walked past Payless the people who were behind me in line were still chatting at the counter.  Happy to say that I made it to the wedding on time.   Avoid Payless at all costs.  Not sure if what they're doing is legal, but it sure smells like fraud to me.I
1	If I could give Payless Car Rental zero stars, I would. This place is terrible. When my husband and I planned a trip to las Vegas this summer, we originally made a reservation with Payless through CarRentals.com. This reservation was for an intermediate level vehicle for five days. On my reservation confirmation, the total was supposed to be: $119.71 with taxes and fees included. This seemed like a good deal...However, things began to unravel as soon as we got to the Payless rental car stall at McCarren Airport. First, the line was huge and only two people were working the front counter. When it was finally our turn, I presented JONATHAN with my online car rental confirmation. After viewing it, he offered us insurance through the company as well as a collision damage waiver. We refused both and showed him our personal insurance card, explaining we rather just use it. He also offered to handle fueling the car for us upon its return at the end of our trip, we did take him up on this offer because we thought it would be convenient...The cost for the gas according to JONATHAN, was supposed to be $46.02. After discussing these options we SIGNED and INITIALED a rental agreement acknowledging our decision NOT to take the collision damage waiver. At this point he let us know there would be a deposit and that we would get it returned to our credit card upon the return of the car. This was standard procedure, so we agreed and went off to pick up the car in the parking garage. When we saw the Chevy Cruze, that was going to be ours for the week, we were disappointed. It was filthy dirty and was loaded with scratches and dents from top to bottom and bumper to bumper. We filled out the form describing all the preexisting damage to the car in detail. At this point, as we picked up our keys, another attendant in the parking garage encouraged us to get the collision dmage waiver, when told the price, we again said we were NOT interested. As we finally loaded up our car, excited to begin our trip, we saw the check engine light come on. we brought this to the attention of the Payless employee in the garage. She said we could go ahead and take it if we wanted to, but since we knew our trip involved sight-seeing in the Nevada desert in JUne, we said we rather not take our chances. As a result, she then gave us a Nissan Sentra to drive. This one was just as filthy dirty as the last rental, and the windshield was covered in a waxy substance that had to be cleaned off at the nearest gas station. It was also loaded with preexisting damage that we gain carefully recorded. This whole process took us around an hour and a half to take car of.At the end of our five days in Las Vegas, we returned our rental to Payless early with no new damage to the vehicle. We flew home and...Around three weeks later got my husband's credit card statement. We flipped out when we saw he had been charged: $403.72. WTF!!!! As soon as we could dial the phone, we attempted to call Payless. Their phone was repeatedly busy, and when we finally got through, we were just sent to voicemail, once to ROSA in accounting, and then to MARY SHEA. I saw other Yelpers also were routed to this woman and did not get positive results. NO ONE ever returned our phone calls, so we began attempting to communicate with Payless through their online complaint ticket system, like any angry threaded conversation that gets you nowhere. I asked why we had not received our deposit back, why no one had called us, why we had extra charges that totaled over $200.00. Mary and another woman DEBBIE wrote back and said that we were never billed a deposit as JONATHAN said we had. This was crazy, every rental car company we have ever dealt with has charged and then return a deposit. She also said that on her customer invoice, which we had never seen, she could see that we had bought the collision dmage waiver, and that the gas that filled up our economy car with was $88.20, not the $46.02 that we initialed and agreed to on our rental agreement. We weren't driving an SUV or a truck, so even to fill a neearly empty Sentra should NOt have cost almost $100.00!! I never saw this invoice that she sent us as an attachment and she refused to acknowledge the rental agreement, the one document we had our hands on with signatures clearly indicating our refusal of the waiver and the accurate price for the refueling. As days turned into days, I continued to go back and forth with MARY, who told me she would investigate the matter further. THREE WEEKS later, I got another threader online post, once from MARY and then later DEBBIE briefly stating that the charges would NOT be reversed and that we were expected to pay the $403.72. Consequently, I am now disputing this charge with the credit card company. I will NEVER rent from Payless EVER again. If there are other Yelpers out there who have advice and can direct me to other means of filing legitimate complaints, I would appreciate it very much.
1	i almost rented from the good thing i didnt because,the reservation i had made previously did not matter because they where out of cars when i got to the front of the line after waiting for almost an hour in line .never rent from them again
1	For the love of all that is holy, do NOT rent from here!!I understand that car rental companies make money (lots if money!!) from all those upgrades and insurances and whatnot.  HOWEVER the fact that they automatically put them in the contract even AFTER I say I don't want any upgrades or insurances is downright fraud.  I rented from here over the weekend and upon pick up they gave me a price which was a little more than what I thought I saw on my online receipt.  I asked about their "roadside services" charge and I was told by the man at the desk that it "was on all their contracts".  It sounded to me like that was a fee I had to pay along with taxes and all the government fees.... They even put it down in that section!  On the way out to pick up my car I checked my  emailed receipt and, sure enough online it was cheaper.  I asked the lady at the kiosk outside if she was able to take the roadside fee off and she said no problem.  She was the only nice person we dealt with, I feel bad I don't remember her name :(. Sorry.We went back upstairs to confront the salesman (let's just be honest... They are trying to sell you something). I asked him about the fee and he said it was on all of their contracts.  I asked why he didn't take it off when I said I didn't want ANY extras and he said it was because I didn't mention that specifically.  By now there is a manager involved... Mary, she's short with shorter hair, middle aged with a smokers voice (sorry if that is offensive). Mary told us the same thing... It's on all contracts.  Our argument is that nobody told us that this was an OPTION that they try to trick you in to being a mandatory item.  Just because they trip to SNEAK it into ALL the contracts doesn't make it right.  Then came the horror......Mary literally asked, "are you done??"  We said "we guess".  She then rolled her eyes and left.  Not ONCE were we apologized to.  I mean, jeez, all you have to do is say sorry, we can take that off for you, my bad.... But that's too hard for Mary, the dull beacon of everything customer service is NOT supposed to be.We proceeded to tell each of the next 20 guests in line that they would try to impose upon them a fee that they did not need.  At least the customers were thankful.NEVER AGAIN!  How you get away with this shameful tactic is beyond me.  What a completely disgusting place with terrible customer service and rude managers like Mary.
1	Sadly my experience is the same as others.  We had 6 this trip, so we had to get a mini van.  We usually rent from Hertz,  but $1400? No way! Not when I can get it pre paid from Payless for $450!After standing in line for an hour, the agent talked our ears off despite a lengthening line behind us.  In 30 minutes she added $500 of extra charges.  The only saving grace was the Chrysler Town and Country we rented was extremely nice.  We still came out ahead of Hertz,  but it was a very frustrating start to our vacation.
1	Our 'wonderful' experience started on 7/23/14. My husband made the reservation on Priceline for what seemed to be a very good rental price. Well we waited over one hour in line to get the car we reserved. Like other reviews here, they did not have a car in the class we reserved and were told they had very few cars at the moment. Finally given an 'upgrade' which ended up costing us over $100.00 in fees that were added even when we said NO to additional coverage. We will never rent from this company again and would encourage anyone reading this to find someone else to rent your car from.
5	Kelsey and Chenna were fantastic customer service reps! We needed a car rental for 2 weeks and they gave us the best rate in all of Las Vegas! We shopped at 4 different locations including Budget, FireFly and Enterprise and this was the best deal! WE ARE DEFINITELY COMING BACK!
1	This place is just horrible. Got to the rent-a-center, only 2 people in line for Payless, still had to wait at least 30 minutes. Got the feeling that all the employees behind the counter hate their lives or at least their jobs. I finally get to the counter and am helped (if you can call it that) by NATASHA. First she tried to force me to purchase their insurance. Advised that I did not need thier coverage, that I am covered with my credit card and my auto insurance. Still, she tried to sell me their coverage. Again, I declined. At this point she seemed to get very annoyed. I had a very time understanding what she said as she barely spoke above a whisper. She proceeded to give me a very difficult time and was extremely rude. She told me she needed my proof of address...wth? Luckily I had a utility bill in my purse. Then she goes to charge my card without letting me know the final amount, which was more than my online reservation. My card declined because I had just enough credit to cover the online reservation amount + the $200 deposit. She informed me that my card was declined and asked if I had another card. I informed her that I did have another card but not enough credit on one, she refused to split between cards. When I questioned the difference in charges from the online reservation to what she was trying to hold on my card (again, without my permission. I would expect her to give me a final amount before submitted the charges on my card) she did not have an answer for me. I got the feeling that she was not willing to help and was going to do anything to make sure I could not complete my reservation. I stepped away from the counter to call my credit card company. They agreed to allow the credit on the card so I could get my rental. Went back to Natasha at the counter and she told me I'd have to wait in line again (or rather she gestured to the line, as speaking seemed a very difficult feat for her). By this point the line had 10+ guests and would have taken hours. I had to get to my son's birthday party and could not wait in line again. And I could not even request to speak to a manager as they were already being yelled at by another customer.I walked away from the counter feeling flushed, angry, and very disappointed. I have never had such awful customer service. NATASHA was the worst representative I have ever been in contact with. This company and it's employees are incompetent to say the least. Their dealings if not illegal are definately unethical. Do not book your rental through this company!!
1	CROOKS!!!!  LIARS!!! SCAM ARTISTS!!!  Say one thing about payment details and totally do another. In all my years writing reviews, never have I feel disrespected as a paying customer.  NEVER EVER AGAIN!!  And I am telling you prospective customer to simply AVOID at all cost.    Believe the prior reviews on this filth of a business.  My situation sounds JUST LIKE HEIDI M's review TO A TEE ...verbatim except i dealt with a lying NIKKO instead.  They are masters of the hidden charges deception.  And to add, I never got the original vehicle that I booked for.  Check my review resume on YELP, I rarely am this TICKED OFF in my analysis.  ABSOLUTELY THE WORST of the hundreds If not thousands of reviews I've written not only on this platform but others...and I will make sure the word gets out on these CHEATS!!!!!Oh by the way, I will be filing a complaint to all necessary parties!!!!!!  Putting them on the SH*T LIST!!
1	Zero stars.  I've done lots of reviews but never with a zero!We have rented many cars over the last 30 or so years in Vegas from almost any company you can name.  Payless was the worst in our experience, you could say it was Worthless....I found a new auto rental site in the LA Times Parade magazine travel section.  It seemed to work quite well as the Payless quote for three nights was very good.Like others we experienced long waits in line at the Vegas car rental center.   Our counter clerk seemed affable enough but the upsell circus was way up in his skill set!First came the 'extra driver' ripoff which would essentially double the cost.  All of the companies do it of course, this business is a monopoly.  We expressed our disgust with this but said we would do it since we were already at the rental center and had no reason to hope another company would not have this stupid rule.Next we declined the extra insurance since our car insurance covers damage in rental cars.  Oh NO NO NO you don't, he virtually said with his finger wagging.  He asserted that Nevada law allows car rental companies to charge  full rental fees for the days the car is in the shop!  This either approaches consumer fraud or some kind of cozy relationship between Nevada politicians and the rental firms.  We really balked at this, but unconcerned by us or the line behind us that now had grown to about 20 groups, our supersalesmaggot sternly warned us this could happen to us.  But he had the usual twist to sweeten the deal, he would drop the daily extra driver fee if we took the insurance.  We were in Vegas to celebrate our 15th Anniversary, not spend hours in a sweaty car rental center arguing with a high pressure salesman.  We looked at each other, rolled our 4 eyes, and agreed.After signing and initialing nearly as many legal mumbo jumbos as when you buy a house the dude rewarded us with a car upgrade!  Oh Holy Day!So we would pay 4 times the offered deal when we booked but oh boy an upgrade?So we hurried to the parking garage where you go to another counter and deal with people who are in air conditioned comfort while you sweat outside their window.  Please go check your car for damage sir, she said cheerily.  So we toddled off dutifully with our luggage to a red car with multiple scratches and dents on all surfaces sides etc.  There appeared to be a spare lurking under a thick pad in the trunk.  The gas tank was full.  However the gray cloth upholstery had giant stains on all four seats.  Ugh.  And a sign which read "If you smoke in this car we will assess you a $250 fee".  I contemplated that any smoke might cover the stench of the multiple murders that left all those upholstery stains....I asked the lady why this car we were renting was so damaged, since it was an 'upgrade'.  Oh, she shrugged, we buy them from other rental companies when they are done with them....Wow.  This car had around 30K miles on it which is closer to 300K miles when driven as a rental.  This car is literally a pig with lipstick.It get's better (read worse).  This car drove as the absolute worst rental car we ever had, it bucked and yawed and felt like it was going to stall out at every stop. It reminded me of my wasted youth when I drove beat up crappy nearly dead cars and prayed they didn't die in traffic.  Seriously.We drove it as little as we could during our stay in Vegas, not having time to go back to the rental center and get another jewell of a car for our holiday.We will never never never never again rent a PAYLESS CAR.  We won't even go to Payless Shoes or anything else named Payless.In an era where so many companies have learned that exquisite customer service begets return customers, Payless Rental Cars has learned that scaring and berating their customers while delivering severely substandard vehicles is what they call a 'business strategy'.It's wrong.Mig, Not Happy(The 1 star is because Yelp made me put in something higher than zero for some reason....)
1	09/11/14ATTEMPTED RENTALIf I could give them ZERO stars, I would.I have rented from Payless for years. Consistently, they've been fine.TODAY I arrived, having been driven and dropped off by my spouse, over 10 miles across Las Vegas Valley from my condo, to be told that they have a new corporate policy REQUIRING A PAYROLL STUB OR UTILITY BILL as proof of identity.WHAT?Never before have I needed either of these. MANY MANY rentals later.I had to go to Alamo and pay more.I will never rent from Payless again. And I will warn others to not do so.
1	I wish I had read the reviews before renting through Payless.  Got a good deal on a minivan through Priceline ($32/day) and my only concern was making sure they were located at the main rental car center and not off site.  Had I known that the experience would be so bad, I would've paid more to go through a different company.  Here goes:First, got up to the counter at around 9:30pm with 4 people being served by three employees and the manager.  There was one person in front of me in line, but I figured it would be a short wait since they had 4 stations working.  Wrong!  During the 20-minute wait one of the workers went on break and the manager disappeared into the back office.Once I got up to the desk out came the sales pitches.  I've rented cars before so I'm used to it, but these guys really push it.  He asked why I chose a minivan since I was by myself and I explained that I needed the cargo space for luggage.  He then tried to get me to upgrade to a Toyota Sienna because the Dodge Caravan I would be getting did not have stow-away seats.  In the last dozen or so times I have rented a Dodge Caravan, all of them had stow-away seats but with this guy's sales pitch I figured Payless would be shady enough to purposely buy the vans without stow away seats.   I asked how much the upgrade was ($14/day) and declined and said I would be ok with putting the luggage on the seats since the initial rental was only $32/day.  He then offered it to me for $12/day and then $10/day.  Seriously?  Such a shady practice.  (I'll come back to this).  Then came the insurance sales, prepaid gas, extra driver, etc. No, no, no, you've kept me waiting over 30 minutes now and I just want to get the heck out of here.Got down to the garage to get my minivan and the employees down there were much more helpful.  Got the keys and inspected my Volkswagon minivan which was top of the line and had stow-away seats!  Pissed off now because the sales guy lied to me about the Dodge Caravan without folding seats!  Traveler's tip: use your cell phone to take a video as you inspect your car (to prove any dings/dents/etc were already there when you got the car).  The car was pretty dirty: bugs splattered all over the front and windshield, stains on the seats and floors, etc.  Started it up and the check oil light came on!  Great, talked to the employees and they gave me a new set of keys for a different minivan and said they would have the paperwork done by the time I got back from inspecting it.  This time it was a Toyota Sienna.  Same issues with it having bugs splattered all over the windshield and front, dirty floors, dirty seats, but this one didn't have the check oil light.  After 1.5 hrs, I was finally on my way with a dirty minivan which I promptly drove to a gas station to clean the windshield.Return was simple and easy and the guy even let me leave an empty water bottle in the cup holder since they didn't have a trash can nearby.  If they charge me for cleaning in, I'll update this review.
1	I would rate lower if I could. I am a road warrior for my job and have NEVER found a place worse than this.  They will scam you and make up miraculous charges that appear on your credit card bill.Please go to a more legit business.
3	We had a decent experience here.  We got a GREAT rate for a one week rental of a sedan, and when we showed up we ended up getting an FJ Cruiser (not luxurious, but I have to admit that the extra space helped).  When we showed up at the counter late on a Friday night, there was no line (as there was with other counters here) and we got helped promptly.  Returning the car was painless as well.  I won't  hesitate to use them again if I get a good rate in the future.
1	I initially thought that this was gonna be a great deal for me. When I arrived at the airport location here in Las Vegas I was told that the car that I had reserved online was no longer available and they would have to upgrade me (At no additional charge) to an SUV. I'm thinking okay that's nice....While standing there I told the guy checking out my car that I did not want the additional insurance 3 times! he even repeated it to me all 3 times! so imagine my shock when I returned the car and noticed the additional $200 charge on the invoice!!!!!!!I was livid. I calmly asked to speak with a supervisor and was told that they don't handle billing issues where they rent the cars, but that I would have to write an email to the billing department to dispute the charges. Long story and no less than 4 emails later I was told that because I had initialed the contract that the guy had falsely charged me for without my knowing that I was responsible for the charges.Needless to say I will NEVER, EVER RENT FROM PAYLESS AGAIN!!!!!!!!By the way I only gave 1 star because I couldn't post without one.
1	Okay, reserved a car from this company and thought everything was good but come to find out that after declining collision on the car we were charged for collision. What a nightmare !!!!!! I hate the merry- go- round and want off !!!!!
1	If you think of renting a car from this company, think twice.  I had to do my own inspection in the dim light of the parking garage.  I couldn't see how filthy the carpet was.  DISGUSTING! !  ALSO,, please check your statement,  they charged me for roadside assistance when I declined it.   I would give them a negative star if I could.
1	2nd and final time using this company, the first was in Burbank and 2nd in Vegas.  I rent cars weekly for work and this is by far the worst company I have ever used.  Slow, staff is rude and the system is antiquated at best.  Do yourself a favor, pay the extra money and rent from a better company.  Wish I had!
1	Booked my car in advance online at a rate of $46-when asked if I wanted any extras I said NO TO EVERYTHING. When I returned the car I noticed I was billed an additional $10 + tax for roadside service I DID NOT REQUEST. I was told to go see customer service. The young lady there assured me I would be credited for the extra $. When I got my credit card bill I was billed for the full charges-$59. You cannot get in touch with anyone from the car rental-they do not answer their phone-voice mailboxes are full and won't accept messages.  No extensions have live people-I tried them all. I even called the general 800# to complain and got no one who could help me. DO  NOT USE THIS CAR RENTAL OR IF YOU DO MAKE SURE YOU DON'T GET CHARGED FOR ANY HIDDEN ITEMS AND DEMAND CREDIT RIGHT THERE AND THEN OR GET SOMETHING IN WRITING IF THEY DO OVERCHARGE YOU.
1	PAYMORE.    Just like all the other reviews.  I was swindled.   I returned the car 95% full on gas, they then decided to charge me 29$ for additional gas.    Oh and I love when they say it's only 200$ for the week.  Get back and random fees equal up to 430$.   How are these people still open?   I want to call the Better Business Bureau
2	I got the car and rates I expected and they were cheaper than the rest.  BUT so did the 20 people standing in line ahead of me I imagine.  Absolutely no other rental place had a line and Payless had a huge one.  I would have spent the extra $2 a day to avoid the big wait when I got there.
1	Horrible Horrible Horrible!!! They over charged my credit card and refused to give me my money back, since i initialed the agreement. I declined the extra insurance coverage and the gas fee. Never again will I use this company you really DONOT save any money. Please save yourself the headache.
1	DON'T GO HERE!This place charged us for the collision damage when we specifically told them we had our own insurance and did not need any extra insurance. What began as a $12.71 car rental (per day for two day) ended up at $156.00!!!!! READ EVERYTHING.  DON'T TAKE THEIR WORD FOR ANYTHING.BEST TO JUST STAY AWAY UNLESS YOU WANT TO GET S-C-R-E-W-E-D.I just filed a case with the BBB in Southern Nevada.  I would STRONGLY encourage others to do the same!
1	FRAUD & DECEIT!  AVOID PAYLESS - THEY WILL CHEAT YOU!If you read other Yelp reviews, you will see that Payless regularly cheats their customers.  I rent vehicles frequently.  This was my first and last experience with Payless.  I specifically declined optional insurance because I have personal coverage.  I initialed the appropriate areas on the rental agreement to decline coverage.  I left the counter with a rental agreement that showed no insurance coverage.  When I returned the vehicle 3 days later I was charged $100 additional for insurance and roadside service.  I believe that customer service supports the fraudulent activity of their counter customer service personnel.  After you are deceived by their counter employees, good luck trying to get you money back from customer service!  Shame on you Payless for making fraud and deceit your company policy!PS  If you are foolish enough to do business with these crooks after reading all the reviews, read your rental agreement carefully.  After you initial 5 times to decline insurance, the 6th initial accepts roadside service.
1	If I could rate this company a zero I would.  Stay away at all costs!  I made a reservation through Priceline for a 6-day Full-size car rental through Payless Car Rental.  I was quoted an estimated total of $179.03.  $68.62 was estimated for the taxes and fees associated with this rental.Upon arrival at the rental counter I gave the rental agent a copy of my Priceline reservation.  She started the familiar attempt to upsell additional services such as; prepaid fuel option, GPS, insurance coverage and so on.  I told her I wanted to decline all such offers and wanted just what was quoted in my Priceline reservation, the cost of the rental car and the taxes and fees for renting this car.The rental agent printed my rental contract and asked me to sign it.  When I looked at the estimated total, it was approximately $50.00 higher than what was quoted on my Priceline reservation.  I pointed out the discrepancy and asked why it was different.  The agent told me my reservation did not include additional charges for the consolidated rental car facility.  I told her that I specifically checked the taxes and fees when I booked my reservation and that it did include those fees.  I asked her for my copy of my Priceline reservation so I could show her.  She said she had given it back to me.  I insisted she did not because she used it to look up my reservation; she said she didn't have it.  I said that's fine; I'll just look it up on my phone.  I brought up my reservation on my phone, clicked on the taxes and fees and showed her that it included the price of the consolidated rental car facility.  She then told me that Priceline does a poor good job of estimating the fees and this higher price was correct for the rental.  I told her I would be contacting Priceline to find out why there was a difference in the price.I started to walk outside to pick up my rental car. I decided to take another look at the contract to see why the price was off when I noticed that there was an additional fee added on for a "Roadside assistance plan".  I walked back to the rental counter to talk to the agent.  I asked why there was an additional fee for this plan since I asked for only what was in my quoted reservation.  She said it was a mandatory charge.  I told her I was not going to pay for any such additional charges.  She insisted it was mandatory and only her manager could remove it.  I asked to see the manager.  She left for about 3 minutes, when she returned she said her manager authorized the removal of this charge for this time only.  She reprinted a new rental contact and like magic, the cost of my rental changed to $179.01; only 2 cents off from what I was quoted in my Priceline reservation.  I wondered how many unsuspecting travelers have fallen for this deceptive business practice.I proceeded to the garage to pick up my rental.  It was not a full-size car like I had been quoted, (Ford Taurus or similar); instead it was a Kia Optima.  It was late at night about 10:00 and I just wanted to get out of there so I accepted it.  They asked that I fill out an inspection form for damage.  The car had over 37,000 miles on it, many scratches all over the car; too many to list on the inspection report but normal damage for a car with this many miles.  I noted the most noticeable damage on the inspection form: a large door ding on the right rear door and deep scratches on the rear bumper, obviously from renters placing and removing luggage from the trunk.I returned the rental car to Payless on October 25 with a full tank of gas as agreed.  I was meet by a Payless employee in the return lane. He immediately asked to see my inspection report slip.  I showed him my copy.  I told him there were lots of minor damage all over the car but normal for this many miles and pointed out to him the areas I noted on the inspection slip.  He walks around the car and says; "It looks like you missed a scratch on this door"!  I look at the scratch and tell him, that scratch was there before I rented the car.  He then tells me I would have to fill out a report accepting the damage.  I tell him I would accept any damage that occurred during the time of my rental, but would not sign a form accepting damage that existed before I rented the car.  I handed him the keys and proceeded to the airport shuttle.In all the times I have rented a car I have never dealt with a Rental car company that implores such blatant dishonest business practices.  Not only did they try to charge me for additional services I had declined, but they also tried to charge me for damage that was on the car before I rented it!  I searched online to see if anyone had any similar experiences with this company and found literally hundreds of complaints from customers that had similar and sometimes worst experiences.  I will never do business with this company again!
1	It took 90 minutes at the rental counter with less than 10 people ahead of me.  The car still had trash in it from the previous use but they would not replace it saying that was all they had.Then the car got a flat tire.  I spent hours on the phone trying to contact a real live human to get help unsuccessfully.  The number they give you to call, they put you on hold and never return.  This company is a joke.  DO NOT RENT FROM THIS COMPANY.  Horrendous customer serviceUPDATE:So after 4 hours of dealing with this rental car that came to me with a nail already in it, I sent the car back to the airport via AAA tow at my expense.  I heard a sound in the tire within the first 5 minutes of driving the car, but it sounded like a rock so I didn't check, as it was dark and late at night and I was alone in a place unfamiliar to me. Then when the tire went flat I knew it was the nail, which was very large and visible at that point. I spent 2 hours of the phone last night trying to talk to someone about this, only to be put on hold repeatedly and given the number of someone to talk to whose voice message says they will return on Monday.  No one I talked to on the phone wanted to deal with this flat tire issue.  No help at all.  I was told to deal with it myself and that there was an air pump in the truck. What a joke.  I don't have time for this.  This is the worst rental car experience I personally have ever had.  The car had trash in it upon pick and and I was told "sorry that's the only car we have".  Then to find out there was also a nail in the tire, makes me think Payless is not a safe company to rent cars from.  It took my 90 minutes just to get the car in the 1st place.  What a nightmare.  This experience will assure I will never bother to rent a car in Las Vegas again.  What a waste of my time and added stress to my vacation.  Payless Rental Cars is NOT a safe company to rent a car from.
1	FORGERY!  I initialed "decline" for all optional insurance coverage.  When I left the rental counter, my rental agreement showed no insurance coverage.  When I returned 3 days later I was charged $72 for collision insurance.  Payless customer service said that I agreed to the optional coverage at the kiosk in the garage where you pick up rental cars.  I asked to see a copy of the document.  Payless emailed me a document with my rental information but with someone else's initials and signature!  Really?  Payless tries to cheat you by signing your documents?  Isn't forgery illegal?  The charges are being disputed through my credit card company.
1	Won't be [trying] to rent from here again.  Last night, I had a reservation I booked in advance.  When I arrived [at the time I put in my reservation], they told me they were completely out of cars.  It was 11:30pm, and they told me I could try back again at 5am.  Two weeks ago, I had reserved a mid-size car, and the only thing they had to give me was an SUV.  No compensation offered for my inconvenience on either occasion.
1	Worst car rental location in the history of car rentals.  Rude and lazy employees.  Is it just Vegas or are all Payless locations like this? NEVER again Payless.
1	My car died a mile from the rental return, and instead of helping me make my flight, they wanted me to wait hours for their roadside assistance.  Then they charged me $200 to tow the car without sending me a receipt or any documentation.  Bad cars, bad service all to save a buck or two.  Go someplace else or be prepared to get ripped off.
1	AVOID, avoid, avoid. I thought I would never give 1 star to any business, but here I am. It is the worst car rental company I've ever had to deal with. I am very disappointed. When I rented a car on-line, my confirmation receipt was for $147, which I thought was a great deal for 5 days. But here the story begins. I read all the info that was on the reservation page to avoid any hidden fees, and was very happy with the deal. It was our first time to Vegas and I was in such a good mood when we arrived to the airport. Then, we had to take a shuttle to go to the car rental place. We got to Payless Car Rental counter and there was Al. He seemed very nice and helpful at first but when he gave us a bill for almost $600, I was shocked. We asked for a nice car and he said they had Mustang for only $20 extra dollars, but he forgot to mention that it was $20 a day, which makes it $100 extra. Then he charged us for some insurance which we found out later we didn't have to have and that was another $200. They also charge $10 a day for any additional driver. Since reservation was on my name, he counted me as one driver and then asked for my husband's driver's license without even asking if he was gonna be driving and of course without mentioning $10/day fee for an additional driver, which is ridiculous. After reviewing all those charges I refused to sign. And asked to give us what we paid for with no extras. Finally, they were able to reduce our bill to less than $200, which included the full gas tank we paid for. Al while trying to distract us with other topics, was dishonestly charging us some extra fees without even explaining what was going on and that is a very, very, very bad way to run a business. He was basically ripping us off with a smile on his face. With all that being said, I will never ever again use Payless Cay Rental in the future and I would NOT recommend this company to anybody. There are a lot of other car rental companies that are very good and honest about all their fees and charges.
1	I was cheated and that is all I can say. They charged for the non-existent second driver. When we showed up, my husband gave his information and was asked if I was his spouse, so they said that I would need to give my license. I asked why and they said just for identification purposes. With that, they billed our credit card for an extra $10/day. They also gave us a compact when I reserved an intermediate size. Stay away from this company
1	Piss poor service! We "checked in" and they told us it would be 15 mins. We asked what was taking so long 30 mins later they said they haven't got to us yet. Meanwhile 7 people are standing around watching a game on tv.   We made reservations a month prior to our trip and still waited over an hour to get our car.  Wasted time on our vacation.  I'm upset I can't give lower than a 1 star!!!
3	The people who worked at payless in Las Vegas were very nice.  I pre-booked through hotwire and purchase liability insurance as well. I showed the lady my confirmation papers she said ok would you like insurance I said I already purcahse insurance. Don't you see it on the paper. She said, that's not through payless and if something happens we are not familiar with this company and not sure how long they will take to reimburse us for the damange.  She said, it will just $23. and at least you know it will be immediately covered.  My silly self went on and purchase the insurance and couldn't cancel with the other company as the young lady at payless stated I could do.  So my silly self purchased 2 insurances.  Smh at myself.  Also she stated that nonsense about the debit card money hold.  I was like wow. Ok.  But I guess I got lucky because there wasn't a hold on my moneg.  Good thing. (wiping my eyebrows)  but watch them they will try to sale you aditional insurance to cover the car. The return of the vehicle was a breeze
1	I rented a car on 12/9-12/14 upon turning it in left my Garmin in the drivers seat.  Got to the airport called them and let them know.  Got home to a message that they had the Garmin in lost and found and to call Rosa.  Called them every 3 days trying to reach Rosa who was never at work, she was always on vacation.  Well today, still unable to speak with Rosa, I spoke with someone who called lost ad found (they were unwilling to that til today) and guess what?  Yep, Rosa must have needed a gps for her vacation because it's not there.  I'd been looking for a corporate number to call, but every one is disconnected.  Finally got in touch with someone at their call center.  The fella was nice enough...but the company is a bunch of thieves.  If I could give them no stars I would.  One star is too good for them.
1	Horrible agency.  Before you read this, understand that Avis now owns Payless!!!You get what you pay for, but I didn't expect a death trap.  We rented a minivan online and made the reservation.  Not including the wait in line, we had to wait another 30 while the van was cleaned.  The can smelled like stink and we asked to switch.  Great job cleaning guys.  Well, we got another van right away.  Then I wondered, if there was a van ready, there never should of been a wait.  It wasn't until an officer came up to us at a rest stop until I figured out why.  All the tires were BALD.  Pics attached.  Brakes were bad as I descended down hills.  We called the agency and they expected is to drive all the way back to Vegas, with worn out tires, to exchange cars.  We then resisted and asked to exchange elsewhere and were forced to drive two hours out of our way to exchange at another airport in Los Angeles!!  Did I mention the tires were bald?  Still charged full price!!  Beware.
1	Bait and switch scammers!  Beware!  Worse than used car salesman. I prepaid for an SUV on the payless website, because my kids and I were going up to lake tahoe to ski (cost was $660 instead of $830 for 6 days if i prepaid in advance so of course I prepaid) and i wanted a safe vehicle in the snow and ice. Cost of SUV was 5xs the cost of regular full size sedan. When i went to pick up car, the guy at the Payless counter said that there were no four-wheel-drive SUVs available unless I was willing to pay an additional $150 per day (!!!) for an upgrade.  He said that there were no guarantees that I would get a four-wheel-drive when I rented the SUV online and that he could only give me a 2 Wheel, rear wheel drive SUV for the price I paid.  When I refused to pay the additional $150 per day, he said he would call his manager to find out "what he could do for us". He walked away to "Call his manager" and then came back and told us that his manager did not answer the telephone, but he could do us a favor and give us the four-wheel-drive SUV for only an additional $25.99 per day.  At that point, I knew he was trying to scam me so I refuse to pay a penny more and just asked for SUV that I had rented, even if it was a 2 Wheel Dr., rear wheel drive SUV.  He proceeded to tell me that a big snowstorm was coming in and that we may not even be able to drive up the pass with a 2 Wheel Dr. SUV.  Again, I told him to just give me the car that I paid for.  Then he said that if we got stuck in the snow, it would cost a lot of money for roadside assistance. Again i told him to just give me the SUV i paid for, even if it was a rear 2WD.  I would rather pay for chains at the Costco a few blocks away then to give this scammer a penny more of my money.  After I signed all of the paperwork, he told me that he was giving me the four-wheel-drive SUV at no extra charge. I doubt there was a 2 wheel, rear wheel drive SUV to begin with. Roads were clear and dry during our entire trip and no sign of snowstorm.  What Payless is doing ought to be considered fraud and illegal.  I felt dirty after dealing with them. I only wished I had videotaped this guy's  BS with my cell phone. May be the next customer payless tries to scam will be smart enough to do so.
