3	Had lunch here on a Sunday and it was almost completely deserted. Located next to an Asian video store and behind a mini-mart you might not notice it from the street at first. However, this thing is right across the street from the Hard Rock Casino so you should be able to find it with relative ease.The food here is so-so. The best part about the pho here is the beef quality, which is pretty good. The broth, as far as pho places go, is really not that good. Tastes like they took some shortcuts and added a lot of extra flavoring. It really doesn't taste like very authentic pho to me. Too salty. Tastes too much like bullion. Noodles were fine and the Vietnamese coffee was pretty decent, but the imperial rolls were disappointing. The service here was crappy - ordering was difficult, they brought us things we didn't order, and they never really checked on us. I had serious trouble understanding what our waitress was talking about, and that wasn't just the 3 hours on the blackjack table hangover. This place would get 2 stars in SF but I understand it's Vegas, so pho might be hard to come by. Worth a shot if you are craving pho while fighting that hangover.
3	I had the pho here last Saturday and the noodles were cooked too long, and were mushy.The Vermicelli with pork was decent.We got 10% off for showing our california Drivers license.
1	If you like nasty pho, please go here.  This place serves the worst pho in the world.  Also, the managment here sucks just like their servers who are all idiots.  The servers doesn't know anything about pho, and the manager doesn't know anything about managing.  Now I understand why this place was dead when i got there.  I spit at Pho Hoa Las Vegas.
2	My friend and I came her for a cheap meal in Vegas while on vacation.  I was surprised to see there were more Mexicans in the restaurant working than Vietnamenese folks!The service here was totally lacking, we had to ask twice for the drinks that we had ordered to go with our soup.  The soup here itself was medicore, but I'm not super picky since I don't get to eat pho as often as I like, so even not so perfect pho will suffice.Our drinks did not arrive until way after we were done with our soup and atleast they were smart enough to package them to-go instead of putting them in glasses.The only perk of this place was that we also received a 10% discount for showing our CA licenses.
2	This place is a chain, so it's already not gonna be any different from the handful of other Pho Hoas in my area.. I've eaten at many pho houses before, & I'm really not a fan of Pho Hoa--I feel it's way too assimilated. I came to this one just because of its familiarity, but it wasn't up to par with the pho places back home (it's everywhere in SJ).You're in Vegas! Go eat somewhere else!
