1	Worse place I have ever lived. The apartments are nice but if anything breaks it can take maintenance up to 10 months to fix it (even if it is something easy). The office staff has no idea what they are doing, they lose rent payments then charge a late fee even if you provide them with the receipt they gave you for your payment. They are friendly, nice and will do anything to get you to move in but once you sign the lease your stuck and they ignore you to try and help more people sign leases.
1	I am a current resident here and would do anything to move right now. Shortly after we moved in our showers stopped working half of the time (no water coming out of shower head, loud noise you could hear outside...), along with a laundry list of items throughout the apartment that were damaged or not functioning properly (i.e. ceiling fan in living room that was broken). I have put in three maintenance requests, talked to the manager and even contacted corporate regarding this. I received the run around "It has been fixed," "It will be fixed in this week," "We did not see anything that needed to be fixed." Only when I contacted corporate did they actually act like they cared and came in to fix these issues after months and sent a plumbing crew to fix the showers. Since then, our showers are still having problems. Along with the maintenance issues, they will do anything to get your money and make your lease worth breaking. Unfortunately, I had to resign the lease and I am now being charges hundreds of dollars. I went in prior to my lease expiring to take care of the paperwork, which was not ready. They called me one day after saying everything was ready but since I did not sign by the due date I will incur late fees and an extra charge on my monthly rental charge. They do not mandate pool policy and the cops have been called multiple times for noise violations at night, teenagers fighting, people smoking/drinking during the day, small children unattended (as little as three years old)..you name it. This place is awful and if I would've known the problems beforehand, I would've gladly paid a bit more and moved into a complex that actually cared about their residents... or even acted like it. Not to mentions, there is NO parking at night!
5	My boyfriend and I will be moving in 2 weeks and cannot be more excited. The community and apartments/town homes are exactly what we want and for a great price. Everyone at the leasing office is super nice and very well educated (even when they are newer) about the complex. So far so good!
2	Been here 1month. Tried for 1 mth to see our floor plan but they never got it cleaned. Said too many others rented & they came first. Misunderstanding of the non-refundable dog deposit, which happens but Elana ARGUED with us over how she was right, we were wrong. Really nice landscaping but apts really need work inside. FP tile cracked, nail polish on bathroom counter but worst is rusty, soap scummy shower door. Should have been replaced. You can really hear upstairs neighbors walking. And now cockroaches! I called for service and was told lock my dogs in a room for 8 hrs as they had no idea when it would occur. Elana said could do nothing about that. I emailed home office which did give me a 4 hr window. I know cockroaches happen BUT GROSS.  If Pinnacle was priced about $100-150 less a month I'd say it was worth it. But for $1000 a month it's not. I can put up with a lot, like bad customer service, but not cockroaches. I'll update next month to see where we are with the critters
2	Still have giant sewer roaches. Upstairs neighbors, been here 5 years, say it started about 8 mths ago. Although Elna in office implied they came with us! One so big he should share the rent!AC unit dripped from ceiling during humid months. Maintance out 3x for it, told me old stuff just put a pan down. Termite tunnel on living room wall, exterminators had to be called. This place is just old and crumbling down and buggy! This was supposed to be 8 mths while we looked for a new house. Hoping that happens sooner and will happily pay to get out of my lease. $1200 to leave here is worth it!
1	And now the scorpions have arrived. Worst place I've ever lived! More bugs then I've ever seen
1	Manager Nick called us when exterminators arrived so husband could meet them. So nice of him. But I think Pinnacle just doesn't understand customer service. We got notice yesterday that Wed, Thurs & Fri all apartments would be inspected. Could be in and out several times a day. Called office about our dogs. Once again told close them up in a room for 8 hours. I asked office to call me back. But if Pinnacle had  good customer service skills they would have a solution to this type of problem to begin with. And they only work with me when I take my problem to social media. Sad* came home to letter that Pinnacles property management, Essex, computers have been hacked. They have no info yet on what was compromised. But do offer a 12 mth credit alert service free of charge. People I don't know if this is just my bad luck but you can't make this stuff up. Pinnacle PLEASE let me break my lease. We just aren't good for eachother lol
