1	The MGM Grand Hotel Las Vegas... SUCKS!!!!  Is there a BBB for the State of Nevada. What are my Consumer Rights. A Tort has been committed."Business Center"???????  Surely You JEST!!! Affari fa tutto nel mondo....  ogni giorni  every hour.  This "Busines Center" opens at  6:00am PST... That is 9:00am East Coast. I was in Las Vegas on Bidness... not for play... yeah we nigs love to play.How can you attract top conventions and meetings and International Clientele...and Gamblers if you cannot provide 24/7 office services.You live and You and you learn... next time I will be using Kinko's FEDEX on Paradise. Near Gordon Bierch Sin City and Firefly Orale.The MGM Grand Las Vegas is a hotel casino located on the Las Vegas Strip, which opened in 1993 as a Hollywood themed resort. The hotel is located in Paradise, Nevada but markets itself as a Las Vegas resort and uses "Las Vegas" on its addresses.Owned and operated by the MGM Mirage company, the 30-floor main building is 293 feet (89 m) high and features five outdoor pools, rivers, and waterfalls that cover 6.6 acres,[1] a 380,000 square foot (35,000 m) convention center, the MGM Grand Arena, CBS Television City, and the Grand Spa. It also houses numerous shops and night clubs, 16 restaurants, two food courts, and the largest casino in Clark County, which occupies 171,500 square feet (16,000 m).What is this a WYNN property.....???  Damm the Money Grab Scares me in NV. You see what happened with the Black people here...  They corralled them to a Ghetto. Ghetto  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghetto is an Italian word and Ghetto's are where they used to keep the Jewish People Ebrei in Italian. I could tell you all about "Black Las Vegas" Sammy Davis Jr. and how he could not stay in the same hotels of the audiences he performed for.I will not be bringing any clients to this property. Unfortunately... MGM Group owns The Venetian...The Venetian is now the Largest Hotel in the World. I love the Venetian..http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Venetian_%28Las_Vegas%29.  Maybe I can get a comp there...hmmmmmmm  Klaus Kelterbourne.....HELLO!!
1	MGM GRAND is the worst place you can go in Vegas. We booked a trip for our anniversary. Arranged for time off of work (husband only gets 5 days a year, and we used 2 for this trip.) And we had to arrange for care for our 3 children. We made sure we had enough spending money to last for the 2 full days we were staying. On our 2nd day, we were going to w/draw money from our account for the day and found out we only had a balance of 30.00 dollars. We could not figure out what went wrong. We thought "there is no way we spent all our money already in one day!!" We had not even gambled much yet. We went to the front desk and told them we would have to check out a day early because we had no money left in our account and could not figure out why as we could not access our bank online with no computer. The dummy failed to inform us that they have computers w/ internet you can use. We barley made it home on our 30 bucks and were heartbroken that we did not get to finish our trip. When we arrived at home to check our account online, we found the reason our money was all gone was because MGM accidentally double charged us for the room AND the deposit (which was in case we wanted to charge anything to our room). They took our last 500.00 that was meant for our last day in Vegas. Completely their fault for charging us twice!!! We called as soon as we made that discovery and have now talked to a manager and someone from Corporate. Neither person cared or apologized. The first one said "what's the big deal, we will refund you for the overcharge?" And the 2nd person said "it's your fault for not checking your bank statement before you checked out!". The nerve!!! No apologies. No refund. NOTHING. They accidentally took the rest of our money, which caused us to leave early, miss our anniversary dinner reservations and they don't even care. Stay ANYWHERE but at the MGM.
3	Follow up...after writing a formal complaint, they refunded everything we spent on the room, the bar tab, and all food that was charged to the room. Plus, a cert good for 2 nights in a celeb spa suite was mailed to us.I am happy they felt bad and admitted to how screwed up the situation was.
1	This business center is a joke. And I think some other reviewers on here are actually reviewing MGM the casino/hotel - I am not. I am reviewing their horrible business center which is directly the the right of the main check-in at the lobby.The day I went in I was simply wanting to get some papers printed off of a laptop - that's it. I had cash and that was a big freaking mistake. You see, the business center does not take cash, either credit card OR you have to pay cash and then get a card. After precious minutes went by (because I needed this done quickly) I finally realized I had to get a card and the proceeded to wait in a line a mile deep because they only had ONE girl working the desk. Yes, one girl answering phones and dealing with every person in the business center. So I get my card, go back to the self-serve station with my laptop and OF COURSE the card does not work.I have to go back and tell the girl it is not working. So she tries the card, no go. At this point I became so intensely angry I walk out and some bell hops see my anger and frustration. So the bell hop takes me back in the business center and he actually goes behind the counter, through a door and finds someone to help me. Well, this person is an absolute idiot, he hands me a business card with an email on it and tells me to email the papers to the email address on the card and they will print them behind the counter and then... he DISAPPEARS! Yes, just leaves me. AFTER 45 MINUTES OF JACKING AROUND MY PAPERS ARE FINALLY PRINTED. Yes. 45 MINUTES.Are you serious MGM? You made my client late in starting his meeting because:1. You business center is not staffed well enough2. Those who run your business center are inept and not customer friendly3. Your business center just basically sucks.
5	I've used this service every time I have stayed at the MGM Grand and have always had a great experience. Of course they charge for computer time, but no more than any other Casino! You can also print Boarding Passes for free. The computers are setup perfectly for a wheelchair user.  Even so, the Staff has always offered to help if needed.
2	Honestly, the business center is pretty minimal and low tech for a location that hosts a lot of conferences.  I spent $45 making a color print (which I had to hand edit), then making 50 color copies.  There were only 2 people working the office, and the programs available on the business center computers were VERY limited.  The staff was friendly, but the technology was slow and could have been better.
