4	Fresh pumpkin curry was awesome! Tons of fresh pumpkin slices IN EVERY BITE! Service was very friendly and able to run you down even while peddling away via bicycle (should one happen to leave one's credit card on the table). I will be back for more fresh ingredients soon.Bike rack available in the same complex.
3	There are a lot of choices when it comes to Thai in Tempe, AZ. We visited Tasty Thai just a week after it opened, in the plaza located next to Bite-Me Subs. Don't let the outside of this place fool you. Yes, the building could use a new paint job, but inside it is very clean and modernly decorated. I'm not sure what is it about Thai restaurants, but a majority of the ones I've been to have really nice dining areas. The interior and almost the floor plan of Tasty Thai looks very similar to Thai Basil.Our table tried the Red Curry with Chicken, Drunken Noodles, and Tom Yum. The Red Curry was a curry soup with chicken and other vegetables which you poor rice into. A rice, curry soup. It was okay, a bit too much liquid. It had a bit of a weird smell to it when I first got it. The Drunken Noodles which somebody else at our table got, looked pretty good. The Tom Yum was quoted as being average. When you sit down you don't get a customary cup of soup that you get at some other thai restaurants. The price was average, about 6-10$ per dish, depending on what time you go. As far as spiciness goes, we have still have yet to find a place that has an additional spice rating.. Medium, Hot, Thai Hot, and "NUCLEAR". I would recommend asking for Hot at Tasty Thai. In a town that has at least 4 Thai places near by, you've got to come dressed to impress. All in all, I'd say Tasty Thai isn't bad, but it isn't the best either. Maybe everything we experienced was them trying to get their feet off the ground after opening a week earlier. If you are into Thai food, then I would recommend trying Tasty Thai, it is similar to Thai Basil in most respects. If you want the best Thai food you should go to Thai Elephant or Thai Rama (Char's), both in Tempe.
4	I had green chicken curry that was Thai hot and it was pretty good as was the soup.  It was nearly as hot as I wanted it.  The owners are very friendly and want to make sure you enjoy the food.
4	Small place, big flavor! This Thai restaurant is worthy of its name. The exterior of the building may be very generic, but inside it is very clean and cozy, with a friendly staff adding to the overall warmth of the place. The food is very well seasoned, the heat tempered to your taste, with individual flavor elements like toasted garlic and spices distinct without being overly assertive. The food is well priced, too. This is certainly a place for numerous repeat visits.
5	I really like this place. I have tried every Thai place around ASU and Tasty Thai is probably on the top of the list.I love Thai really hot (hotter than Thai Hot) and they can actually take care of my addiction.Last week I had the Spicy Noodle and it was probably the best noodle dish I have ever had. They had fresh crispy green beens and mushrooms in it which gave it fantastic flavor.I highly recommend this place, not to mention it is very nice in side, and the people running it are very helpful!
5	There are so many great Thai places in my neighborhood and this one can be added to the list. I went during their opening week and they had a screaming deal for a huge lunch special. It cost 7 bucks and some change and included a free drink. I stuck with my standard chicken pad thai and it was a treat. It wasn't very spicy and they didn't ask how spicy I wanted it, maybe I should have offered that information because the spicier the better for me.The interior is small and I would describe it as intimate. Well lit, well decorated, clean. I was politely greeted and served quickly. Definitely a place I'll be back to with more frequency.
4	I was quite excited to see a Thai place open up right next to one of my most favorite dance studios in the Valley!  Thai is the perfect light, yet satisfying fare after working up an appetite dancing - and this little place does a great job.  Much more atmosphere inside than you would expect from seeing it from the street, the food is also high-quality and authentic, and the owners are friendly and service-oriented.  I've been in there a few times, and have always been happy with the food.  But I would stick to the Thai dishes.  I had a wonton soup one time, and it was really salty and bland.  But you can't go wrong with their hot & sour Thai soup, their coconut soup, any of the curries, Thai tea, sticky rice - all delicious!
5	Been twice now and was even better than the last. Have had the pot stickers, spring rolls, spicy nut chicken, cashew duck, eggplant beef, and all where fabulous. I haven't had good thai in a long time and this hit the spot. And my house is within their 3mile delivery area! But I would still probably make the drive as the place is nice and the service is excellent.
5	Ding Ding Ding we have a winner in the over crowded tempe thai battle royal. In a tiny town with about as many thai restaurants as gas stations this one just jumped way out ahead of the pack.I have been looking for one thai place that just jumps out and hits all the right taste buds and reminds me of the great thai I would find in the Pacific Northwest. This one comes the closest. The massaman curry was excellent in the hot spice with a nice burn but distinct flavors still coming thru. The chicken satay was great and the peanut sauce was perfect and not just peanut butter with chilli paste like most places. I loved the eggplant dish with beef as it was the first time in a long time i got an eggplant dish where it had plenty of eggplant AND it wasnt just mush. Plus the flavor of the eggplant, basil, spices and beef all came through.Top this all off with friendly service and perfectly reasonable prices this is a true winner. I am just sad I am .3 miles outside the deliver zone. Maybe if a offer up an arm or a leg I can get it.
5	Absolutely top notch on all fronts.  Locally owned and ran.  Easy location to get to and very clean inside.  Staff is extremely polite and friendly.Excellent pot stickers to start and I had the Pad Prik King with chicken, hot, for lunch.  Hot on their scale is quite hot, so be wary.  I shutter to think of what their Thai hot would be like.  All very fresh and flavorful, including the egg-drop soup and the jasmin iced tea.  We finished it with sticky rice and coconut ice cream, which was a perfect foil to the spicy entree.  This will absolutely become a regular visit in the lunch rotation.
2	I have only heard great things about Tasty Thai. So I was excited to try it. My last few Thai experiences have been Meh so I was hoping for more. I ordered my usual's Pad-See-Ew, Green Curry and Eggplant. I am always in search of the best Pad-See-Ew, and while this was the highlight of my meal at Tasty Thai, it was in no way the best Pad-See-Ew I have had. The Green Curry was almost like water, the broth was really thin and there was tons of green beans and bamboo shoots (although the bamboo shoots were shredded, not a fan). The broth was okay, but the fact that it was watery kind of ruined the whole dish.The Eggplant was just not as good as I have had before. The actual eggplant was at times undercooked and then another pieces was a mushy mess. Just not a worthy dish.Overall, I am probably not going to return, there are just too many Thai restaurants to continue trying one that didn't impress on the first try. Oh I got my food to go, not sure if that might have made a difference, and the left overs were just as Meh and the food was the first night.
5	All I have to say is WOW! This place is EXCELLENT!   All the dishes we had were extremely fresh, authentic, and DELICIOUS!  My favorite pot stickers EVER.  The skin is super thin, tender, not greasy, mostly steamed encased around a very light, delicate dumpling that makes me want to order 2 next time. 6 is just not enough, they are tiny, but oh so delectable! The sauce is perfectly balanced of sweet, spicy, and tangy and does not overpower the pot sticker.  It also comes with a thin airy, crispy (rice chip?) underneath the pot stickers that give it an extra texture with scallions scattered about.  MMMMMMmmmmm.The green curry is more brothy than others than other's that I have had, but no matter...It is delicious with bits of vegetable, and whatever meat you prefer..we got chicken.  I love sopping it up with rice and trying to eat it with chopsticks.  You may need a spoon :) The eggplant and chicken stir fry is also fabulous.  The asian eggplants are cooked to perfection. Their sauces are spot on.  BEST Coconut ice cream!  It is light, fluffy, icy, dreamy, pea-nutty, coconut cloud confection that makes my mouth water!  It is not sickly sweet sticky artificial coconut tasting at all...Predominant coconut flavor is not my favorite and I LOVE THIS! Even if you don't like curries, there is plenty of food here that will make you a fan!  This is a mom and pop kind of place, they are really nice.  It's a trek for us, but definitely worth the drive!
3	What is the deal with the small servings of food sitting on bar stolls outside the doors of the restaurant?The smell inside was a bit mildewy.Was not offered any drink other than water so that is what my friend and I stuck to.She ordered the spicy pork fried rice off the lunch menu and was highly impressed.  I asked for a bowl of Tom Kha soup even though it wasn't on the lunch menu with tofu and vegetables.  It was the smallest bowl of soup I have ever received in a thai restaurant.  For about the price I pay anywhere else it was 1/3 the size.  It was tasty though.  I was so starving after finishing it that I had to order another item from the lunch menu to eat.  I ordered the eggplant with rice and salad.  The salad was simple but with a very delightful dressing.  The eggplant was also very tasty.  I took a very small portion home for b/fast the next day.  Even the spring roll that comes with the lunch was the tiniest one I have ever seen.So long story short.  Tasty food at super tiny serving sizes.  I don't think I wll go back.
5	Yum!  This place was delicious!  A completely unassuming little Thai restaurant.  We walked in at 2:30 in the afternoon and the place was empty.  I was worried at first, but it turned out to be a really good spot.  I had tried Thai Basil and wasn't impressed.The portion size was good, leaving me with filling meal there and enough for a light dinner at home later.  The soup was delicious!  And the medium spicy was plenty spicy for me, although I'm kinda wimpy with spiciness.Also, the prices here are great!  I got lunch, a Thai ice coffee and split a dessert, and the total came to about $12.  Not bad for all that stuff!Delish!
5	I think I've eaten about half the lunch menu here and have yet to be disappointed. Friendly staff, great food. I would definitely recommend the red curry or pad prik king...or the spicy noodle.
5	Don't let the zero other customers at 530p or abandonned donut shop looking building deter you from Tasty Thai.  More customers are on their way and the food is awesome.  Their red curry is full of great veggies.  The larb salad-really excellent (altho id like it with more veggies).  The pad thai--a litle sweeter than you might expect, but in the best possible way.  Go.  Eat.  Be happy.
5	My favorite Thai in Tempe.  The green curry was a little salty last time I had it, but I had gotten medium spice, so the next time I got yellow curry, Thai hot, and it was wayyyyyyyyy better.  The lunch portions are a little small, but if you eat in you also get a salad.  Its still enough for me, but I eat the ENTIRE thing (probably seems like its small because I don't want to stop eating it! YUM!) I'm satisfied when I'm done eating, but forget leftovers (which is ok with me; I'm not a fan of the HUGE portions I've gotten over the years.)To Jasmin (other reviewer): The smell in the restaurant is actually eggs, not mildew (making fried rice, perhaps?) I don't really like eggs, or the smell, but its not mildew. The small plates of food you refer to are traditional offerings to Buddha.  The restaurant is very traditional in their decor, which includes mirrors (reflecting on yourself inside), flowers, fruit and water offerings.  I've never been to a Thai restaurant that tries to "up sell" you on a drink.  If you want something other than water, order it (I suggest Thai tea...its like drinking dessert while you eat!)Great place to get Thai...it is, indeed, Tasty!
4	I eat lunch here a couple times a week. I've had a couple different curries & they're great. Thai tea is good too.
4	This plays says what it does, and does what it says.  The Thai here is tasty. You have to have good Thai in this part of town as there are 3 other options within a mile of here. Their lunch menu has all of the favorites, plus a few Chinese dishes like orange chicken. For most dishes tofu is an option which I really appreciate. For lunch dishes are 6.95 (for tofu, chicken or beef) and a buck or two more for seafood options.The meal includes Soup, or salad. I had the salad and the simple oil and vinegar dressing was great. A small veggie spring roll and rice if it is not a noodle dish. The rice comes pressed in a nice flower pattern.I opted for the spicy noodles to tofu, Thai Hot.  I was glad that Thai hot here really means hot not just semi spicy, the dish was good, but not the best ever it seemed a bit dry and could have used a bit more sauce.Overall this is a solid pick for the area
4	Nice little place. They're new to the area but not that new...have been around a few months. Their pad thai and spicy fried rice are great in all flavors from mild to Thai hot. Their pricing is moderate. The owners are friendly.
4	I love how this place used to be a hole in the wall Mexican Fast Food joint.! They really did a good job at decorating and making it feel welcoming.  The staff is nice and the lunch specials are really affordable.  I've had the pad thai and pad see ew...BOTH excellent and tasty!!   Only downside is that they don't deliver. Boo to that!
4	Great little Thai food joint. I tried their Panang curry with Tofu hotter than Thai hot. Though it wasn't as hot as I was expecting, it was pretty tasty. I wish they had their starter soup with Veggie broth just so a lot more people can have it. It kind of frustrates me when I go to a Thai food place and food tastes sweet. Till now, it was only La's Thai that made the cut...Tasty Thai is a close second.
4	We have had a proliferation of thai restaurants of late!  I must have 7 within a 2 mile radius of where I live... but this one rocks a curry dish that I adore... Pumpkin Curry - I think the "squash variety" changes according to what is available but the over-all quality of the dish does not.  Yum Yum Yum it makes me happy!   Service is a little slow but when the grub is good so am I.
4	So I went here with a friend for lunch yesterday and at first I thought it was going to be terrible, because when we walked in it smelled real bad in the restaurant. Thankfully, they lit some incense and the smell went away. I ordered the spicy noodles with chicken and my friend got the pad see ew. We both got salad with it because the soup was egg drop, which I'm not a fan of. The salad was just a rabbit salad from a bag, but the dressing was good. I really enjoyed my noodles. They were spicy and had lots of veggies, which I always like. I thought the spring roll had too much dough and was a little chewy... not awesome. My friend thought hers was ok... but it was weird that they didn't even offer to make it spicy like at most thai places. It did have a good sweet flavor, but it was odd that she couldn't order it with some heat. Overall, the place is good and I would probably come back.
5	I'm here on business from the Midwest and this place rocks!! Medium spicy was what I expected ... Just hot enough to make my face sweat a little.  Perfect!
2	dinner here and found this place on yelp reviews were good so gave it a shot. place sits in an empty strip mall parking lot was full so thinking this place was busy. walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others  there eating. was seated quickly and the waiteress was very nice. ordered a tom yum soup which is hard to find at other places as a single cup waiterss suggested to have a med temp way  to spicey couldn't even get a 1/4 of the bowel eaten.which is to bad cause it was filled with all kinds of good stuff. my phad thi was good and plenty of it on the plate. overall i would go back and check out the lunch menu but will go to my old stand bys wild thaiger..for dinner..
5	Lovely small restaurant located in Tempe, Everything there is superb ! The owner is there all the time and she is super nice! I would say this is in the top two Best Thai Restaurants that Arizona has to offer!
2	It was difficult to get past the smell of the place when I opened the front door.Growing up in oil and cattle country, the only thing I could compare the faint odor that I experienced when opening the front door was standing in a field where there was an oil well next to a feedlot.  Between the smell of manure and fresh oil, the combination is vivid and unforgettable.  Unfortunately, this was what greeted me when I walked into Tasty Thai.I had placed an order for Som Tom, Thai hot, and an order of jasmine rice to go.   The papaya salad had all the requisite notes, lime, chile, spicy and sweet...the portion size was respectable, 2 cups of salad and 1 cup of rice...the spice came in at about 5 (makes my nose run , while 8 makes my forehead sweat and 10 brings tears to my eyes) and the rice was OK, not too sticky and not too dry.I want to give this place higher marks because the waitress was great...and the chef came out to say hello...but that smell just took about all the desire I had for Som Tom out of my evening.Gotta hope this changes!
5	My favorite place for Penang curry. I go here weekly and have never been disappointed. Get the salad, it's awesome. Their currys and pad Thai are top notch too.
4	Tasty Thai is in fact, tasty. The boyfriend and I hit Tasty Thai for a late dinner on a Saturday night. Maybe it's just because it was late but we were the only people in the place for most of the time we were there. Which is too bad because their food is actually really good.I ordered the broccoli beef and boyfriend ordered fried rice. I ordered mine no spice and boyfriend went for medium. Even with no spice my dish was still full of flavor. The brown sauce was quite yummy and the portion was big enough that I had leftovers. Boyfriend's medium spice fried rice was too spicy for me but he enjoyed it. His nose was running a little though so it definitely had a kick!The atmosphere was fine. There was a bit of an odd odor though, can't quite place what it was. I might just do take out next time.
3	The portions were HUGE! Pretty good overall. I will say, it's not my favorite (Palee's Crown, flavor-wise is) but if you're in Tempe and want to get your Thai grub on --- This is an excellent spot : )
5	Some co-workers and I frequent Tasty Thai and it's the best I've had around here. I've had good but for the money it's first rate.
4	This place is awesome. I ordered Thai hot, and that's what I got. The spicy noodles with chicken and tofu is delicious and sized to break up into two meals.
4	i really like this place, except for the weird smell. once you get past it, the food is really good. i've gotten green curry chicken both times- first spicy and then thai hot. both were amazingly spicy but not overpowering. the portions are good sized and the service is good.
5	Found this place on my Yelp app, yea for the app!!!  Was looking for something to eat that was outside of the hamburger/taco joints in the area and 7th in line of places was Tasty Thai, it said it was about 4 miles from my office, I then looked at the reviews, saw some folks I know loved it, so thought shoot I'm gonna go try it! I dragged a coworker with me and off to lunch we went!The lunch specials are killers! You get your main dish that comes with steamed jasmine rice, choice of chicken, beef, pork or tofu, egg drop soup or salad, and a thai spring roll all for $6.95.  Wow what a deal!I ordered the masaman curry which is a spicy curry dish and I asked for it to be medium heat, I love the spicy food, but I was unsure of how hot it was going to be, so thought I would play it safe,  it was perfect, but next time I will go hotter!Have you ever eaten dish so tasty and great in flavor that your sadden at sight of an empty bowl?  That's how good this curry was!! OMG I want more and just barley left the place.Great place, great service and excellent food! I will be back!
5	Try it, try everything! I'll be back to that quiet, small bungalow of a Thai restaurant.
4	just ate there tonight. food was great! i had the pad thai and it was awesome!! kinda small and in a low budget place but that is where you usually find great places.. a must for thai...
2	I'm sorry but I had a VERY hard time with the smell as you walk in the door.  It smells like backed up sewer.  :(  My yellow currey chicken was good but defintely not hot enough for me.  I ordered the hottest I could and it just wasn't very spicy.  Overall though, the flavor was good. We tried the pot stickers and they were very good also but I'm not crazy about the pancake/crepe doiley thing they came on.  I also ordered the coconut ice cream cake and was NOT impressed.  I believe the ice cream was actually freezer burned.  So all in all, I don't think I will be back.
4	My friends at work have tried this place a few times & keep telling me about it went with them this last time. We were able to sit right down, but must have had perfect timing because it filled up pretty fast. Its a little small, but has a great atmosphere & I love all the decorations and details.The lunch menu has a pretty nice variety. And you can ask them to alter the spice level for you if you do not like it hot. I had the Massaman Curry (so did my other 2 friends that have been here before) but we all ordered it with different levels of heat. I went with hot (not Thai hot - i wasn't sure how crazy that was yet & trust me - hot was HOT, but in a good way) It came with a choice of salad or soup & I went with the Hot & Sour soup. It was delish. It was just enough to make me want more, but not enough to fill me up and ruin my lunch. Then the curry came out and i was in Heaven! It smelled amazing, and that creamy coconut spicy broth was to die for! I even added some extra chili to it & boy it was kickin'! It was the kind of hot that comes up on you and makes you want to eat some more. The little crispy spring role that came with it was perfectly cooked & it was a nice break from the rich curry sauce. I was even able to save a little bit to take home to the husband so I can tempt him to come here with me in the future. I will definitely be back to work my way through this Tasty menu.
4	Very impressed by the  6.95 lunch specials, which go until 4pm! I had the Chicken Panang, which is my favorite,  I took it to go, and it was still hot and delicious when I got home 20 minutes later. I didn't give it 5 stars, just because I didn't eat in, and I'm sure there is better Thai out there somewhere, but for the price, this is the best Thai I have had.
1	Horrible!  I had pad thai, not bad.  My friend had Kung Poa.  The vegetables looked like they were from a frozen bag, the chicken was very dry and the sauce was bland.  The menu says the lunch is served with Thai spring roll.  Really?  It looked like a cheap frozen appetizer you'd find at the grocery store...Never going again.
5	I think I'm in love! By no means am I a Thai food-aficionado; but my palate recognizes good food and my wallet recognizes a good lunch special. This place satisfied both my wallet and my taste buds! I had the Red Curry Chicken which was served with rice, Spring Roll and House Salad all for only $6.95! The Red Curry was rich with just the right amount of heat (there's three levels heat available to suit everyone's needs). Even though the House Salad was pretty plain I really enjoyed the house dressing which was some type of Olive Oil, Pepper, Garlic mixture. There was so much food I was able to pack the leftovers for later. My co-workers all love this place too. Can't wait to go back for more Thai food!
4	Since I discovered Tasty Thai back in Dec, it has become one of my favorite lunch spots, have even convinced coworkers and my boss to try it, I have to say my very fav is the masaman curry, thai hot, for me that's perfect! But I stepped outside of my normal lunch dish today and ordered the Pad Thai Noodles with chicken, thai hot and omg that too was delish! Everyone ordered different dishes and everything looked soo good, Im going to have to work my way around the lunch menu soon lol so I thought I should update my review! Still a great place for a fast lunch that isn't a big dent in your wallet!
5	Just ate at tasty Thai. It was awesome. We have eaten on a lot of Thai restaurants around the world and save Hong Kong, this was one of the best we've had. Had the massaman and yellow curries. Also the coconut soup and fried rice. All weres excellent. Had to keep the kids (and the adults) from licking the plate!
5	Its an adorable little local place very intimate seating, the place is called TASTY THAI because that is exactly what it is, best food and prices I have had in awhile. no happy hour because no booze, but one does not need booze with every meal especially when the food is this good! this is more of an adult setting don't bring children its small and cute!
1	After reading all the good reviews, we were looking forward to eating here, but we were a bit apprehensive due to the couple of bad reviews because of the smell. Bummer...the smell just killed it for us right from the get go. Immediately, upon walking in the door, the pungent smell of backed up sewer hit us like a ton-of-bricks. We did a 180 and walked right out. No way I could sit through a meal here while breathing that funk. Get the smell worked out and we will give you another shot, Tasty Thai.
5	Since moving to Phoenix we have been in search of good Thai food.  We have finally found it!  The owner prepares her food in a flavor packed tantalizing of taste buds!  Not sure how else to describe it.  We are regulars here and what first impressed us was the cleanliness of the whole place.  Even the bathrooms were immaculately cared for.  Now the food just keeps us coming back for more.  The owner is so nice too.  She remembered us after our first visit and always visits and likes to know what you think of her food.  I especially love the coconut soup.  It's a must try even if you just try a cup of it.  It's packed with flavor so a cup might just be enough for you.
5	I love Tasty Thai! Moved my boyfriend to Tempe in January and at the end of a very long moving day, and famished, we called Tasty Thai to pick up. We've been doing the same ever since! I like the standards: tofu green curry, pad thai. Boyfriend is a big fan of their tom kha soup, masaman curry, and pad prik king. We've tried other thai in Tempe and this is still my favorite. Thai Elephant gave me chicken in my vegetarian curry and food poisoning for both of us, all in one night. I like Thai Basil, but Tasty Thai is more consistent and the owners are really friendly. The other reason I am motivated to write this review is that TT is always so empty, which breaks my heart since it is so... tasty! Help support a great local business, eat at Tasty Thai.
3	Need to update my reviews, I took a friend who is new to town & new to Thai food to my fav Thai lunch spot, we were there for dinner. I'm the kind of person who notices things right away, like how they changed the front dining room around; it's just something I notice. So I looked on the wall by the bar and saw they have a B rating from Maricopa County Health Department, now if you're a foodie, you know how to access that information to see what happened, and it seems they failed their routine inspection and operating permit was immediately suspended but within 24 hours had a re-inspection, corrected the issues and where given a B rating. The fact that they corrected everything within 24 hours made me feel more at ease at staying there to eat. Tasty Thai, your one of my fav lunch spots, but if can't get it together I'm going to find something else, let's get that rating back up to A and keep it there!
3	Ohhh emmmm geeee. There was a terrible stink in this place when we entered. It smelled like the sewer had backed up (or like someone was stewing cabbage or something). There was hardly anyone in the place and we were seated, initially, right by the washrooms. Uh, no thanks. We moved but the smell stayed with us. A beer helped numb our senses of smell somewhat. Food was decent. Not the greatest Thai around, but decent. My lard nar was okay, but the gravy was pretty watery. Would I go again? I'd probably pass.
5	The best Thai food in Tempe, hands down. Tasty Thai always puts me in a good mood. The service is amazing, and they continually recognize me whenever I visit (i don't know if that is a good or bad thing :P). I like my Thai food pretty hot, and they're not afraid to pack the heat!!
5	Orange chicken so good I forgot to wait for my food to cool down and burned my tongue.
4	Great Larb. Service was o.k., but the food is what matters, and it was top notch.
1	I ordered thai hot pad thai and spring rolls. I got egg rolls and bland pad thai. I am extremely disappointed after reading all these great reviews and having a crappy experience. I ordered for pick up and when I asked to make sure there was peanut sauce with my spring rolls I was just given a look as if I was crazy. seeing as how she gave me egg rolls I understand, but for her to not say anything after that except that it was going to be an extra dollar for the peanut sauce which I thought was a bit odd I found her lack of integrity disheartening. To top it off the egg rolls were barely edible and if I had ordered that pad thai to eat in the restaraunt I would have sent it back. The only saving grace was that $1 peanut sauce that i used on everything. Suffice it to say I will not be going back.
5	This place is fantastic. We order here from work so much that the people know our names and our typical orders. I have had their Chicken Yellow and Green curry (yellow is by far my favorite). My friend has their Red Curry Duck. It is also really good. Their Thai Iced tea is also very awesome it helps the burn...and believe me if you have never had Thai food DO NOT ORDER SPICY...no matter how much you think you can take it....you can't. Build up to it.Love this place and go here at least 3-4 times a week if I can afford it!!
5	Tasty Thai- is. But it could also be called Delicious Thai. And the service is always great!
4	AWESOME thai, especially for what I have had at the same price. Portions are big enough that 2 entrees could easily be split between 4 hungry college guys. Thats saying something, especially when their pad thai packs a punch to your mouth with heat and flavor, without putting the burn on your wallet. Good form!
5	Delicious food!  Service was great too.  It is spicy but yummy.  I'd highly recommend it!
1	Overall the food is amazing and very reasonable price during the lunch time. However, I was very disappoint it at the end. I saw a lady order a drink for to go. She drink it and found out it was wrong order. They made the new the order for you. When she left, the owner put the drink back to original jars and serve for next customer. I am shock and very disappointed about it.
4	I am a big fan of Pad See Ewe and Tasty Thai makes a very good version. They serve an excellent salad as an appetizer during lunch. The restaurant is nice inside it has the same decor as of most of the other thai places here in the valley. It's a small place with a bar and dining room "cozy" would probably be the appropriate word.  The waiter we had for lunch was a nice guy and didn't mind us bringing in fast food for my nephew which is always appreciated as he has not developed a love of thai just yet.  I will deffinately be back to try the rest of the menu.
5	Best Thai in Tempe, love their Pad Thai and Pad-See-Ew. Super friendly, great for takeout, reasonable prices.
4	YUM! I had the spicy fried rice with beef and it was so good! When you say HOT here they really mean it. I have been to other thai places and have ordered Thai Hot and it is nowhere near as spicy. lol. This place really has an odd smell but their food is very good. I will definitely be coming back!
3	03/16/13The others are right, what's that smell?The food was good, but that smell is surely not right. There is no way 5 stars can be achieved with that smell. At least I know they cooked my food fresh, as the fresh cooking masked the awful smell. I knew my food was off the grill, when the smell returned. I won't be back, until YELP reviews confirm the smell is gone.Thai Hot, is hot, so be careful. I like the presentation of the beef Larb. The cabbage is not all shredded like other places. I like easy access to lime and chilli marinated beef.
5	Good curry. Red hot actually has a kick to it. Salad dressing is tasty.  Good service.
5	I was pleasantly surprised by my experience. Small thai place in a dead strip mall. Ive seen it there for a few years just have never gone in. Recently my go-to thai place went down hill so I tried something new. Sadly there are a lot of crappy thai places in Tempe. I am no means a thai food expert but I do eat a lot of it. First off, I hate Thai Basil, whoever think that is good thai food has no taste buds. The smell is still there, it reminded me of vietnamese cooking not a sewer so much. I got a lunch to go order of Yellow Curry / Chicken Hot (my stand bys), I had them add bell peppers and Pad Thai / Chicken Hot. The hot level was perfect, nice and spicy to get your nose running but not too hot where you cant enjoy it. The prices were great, $14 for both meals. The portions were very generous. My only qualm was that there were only two pieces of green onion in my pad thai? WTH?! Thankfully I had some at home so I could doctor it up. Next time I will ask for extra green onion. The flavors and spices were perfect. The lady who took my payment seemed to have troubles with the register, but whatever. The place was empty when I was there, hopefully it stays alive since I will now be a regular there. I will certainly go back there.
5	Impressive! I had been going to the various Thai Basil restaurants around town (they have several locations) but a Thai lady came into my store and suggested I try Tasty Thai for a more traditional-style Thai food. I was not disappointed at all! My girlfriend and I wound up going there yesterday for lunch; the food was delicious and served quickly, by a very friendly and attentive Thai gal. I will definitely be going back.
4	I love that there are so many good Thai restaurants in this area. This one does not disappoint either. The food is good and the ambiance is cute. I got my pad thai at a medium-hot, but I would bump it up 2 levels next time since it wasn't very spicy. I think this one is a little more expensive too. I got a shrimp pad thai ($12.95) and a "large" Thai Iced Tea ($3.50). It was $20 for just me doing take out. However, I was in and out within 10 minutes.
3	finally tried this place.... Location is a bit small inside, but the decor very relaxing.. Other post about a stench,, did not smell anything fowl on my visit.. Greated by the hostess/cashier, very nice and casual... Ordered the Pad see ew. Veggies very fresh, broccoli cooked perfect with a tad crunch in the middles. flavor was pretty good and a few extra ingredients that i dont find in other places.. The only negative about the dish, was there were more ingredients than noodles, iw was about an even mixture of all indredients, so the proportion of noodles to other items was off.. Another Positive was the amount of shrimp.. for the small dish i am use to a couple to maybe 4 shrimps, (small ones at that) but these were decent sized shrimp and about 6 or 7 ish... NICE.. Cook also came out and asked how it was,,, Delish,,, When in the area, i wuill stop on by n try the next dish... I would not drive more than 3 miles out of the way for it.Eat in or Take out,, Def eat in n relax,,, plus AZ summer its hot outside,, stay in the ACwould be 3.5 stars,, but not 4 so opted to remain at 3.... (4 to me would be a go out of your way for it... 5 would be sending donations so they never ever close)
5	Best thai food I've been able to find in Tempe. They're really good with takeout orders, I've never had to wait more than 15 minutes before leaving my place to pick it up. The pumpkin curry is definitely a recommendation.  I'm a rice hog so I typically order an extra side of rice, but they give you good portion with your order even if you don't unlike other places in the area.
5	This place has awesome authentic Thai food. I spent 4 months in Phoenix and I found myself at Tasty Thai many many times for lunch and dinner. Thai fried rice was moist and full of flavor. Pad Thai was full of real authentic Thai flavor, spicy with a hint of lime. I'm Asian and I tried many different Asian and Thai restaurant in Phoenix. This place was the best.
4	Had this for the first time today. Will definitely go back
1	Walked in here for a late lunch last Saturday. Stood waiting for someone...anyone... To seat me... Or even greet me. Someone was rustling around in the back but obviously didn't see or hear me. Waited for what felt like way too long and walked out. Maybe they should invest in a bell on the door. Seriously even a $2 jingle bell would work. Lost my business and went to Thai Basil instead.
4	Not a huge Thai food fan but I went here this weekend and it was pretty good, service was good food was good. A little warm though inside seemed the ac was turned up a little to high for my taste but it was ok. Overall will defiantly recommend all the time
4	Spot is quaint...I think it's funny they cover up the outlets so people don't camp with their computers...do people really do that in Thai restaurants? Anyhoo....absolutely loved my server, the sweetest lady ever she gets 5 stars from me...I had the Pad Thai just on the edge of being too sweet for me but tasty. They have a salad dressing that is delish some people think it has a lot of salt and pepper which it does but most people like it, I think they might even sell it. I would come back again especially since I didn't smell anything weird.
2	Stopped in for a quick lunch during the week based on the good reviews of the place.  Service was quick and friendly. Ordered a lunch combo (spicy noodle?) with tofu.  The soup that came with it was a little sad... it was about 2 spoonfuls, no kidding.  Rest of the food came quickly and looked much more promising than the soup, however I took a bite of the spring roll and immediately realized that this would NOT be my #1 thai place, nor #52 on the list.The spring roll was cold (yes, cold, not even lukewarm) and so was some of the tofu throughout the dish.  The dish itself had good flavor, but the random cold pieces of tofu were a turn off to say the least.  Disappointing meal & I won't be returning.
4	Very delicious curries have made this place a regular destination for me and my roommate. Small place but definitely a must try for those who want to try or already love thai food.
5	After eating at Tasty Thai, I come out disappointed at other Thai restaurants. We love the red curry, jungle curry and pad ped curry!
2	Food looks good. That's all I can really attest to as we've been waiting for 40 minutes and all other tables around us have been served, even the ones seated after us.
5	First time try. The interior design of the Restaurant is pretty neat. I ordered Pad Thai. Food presentation was great, and it also had a huge portion. I squeezed bit of lime to add some flavor; It was outstanding! Definitely visiting this place back :)
5	Absolutely LOVE this place! It's my number one. The owner and staff are very nice. the food is so Dang good, I always wanna order seconds. Have to eat medium spice because their food is traditional Thai spicy. I recommend the panang curry, eggplant with chicken and the pad woon sen.
4	Really enjoyed a dinner here while traveling with a coworker. It wasn't very busy, even for a Thursday night. However the food was fantastic. Started out with Thai rolls. They took a whole to come out but were worth the wait. Then I got #60 on the menu (I can't remember the exact name but it was a noodles dish with shrimp, fried eggs, tomatoes and spinach). Very good.One important thing to note: their 'hot scale' starts at medium, hot, very hot. I ordered hot thinking that was their medium. Boy was I wrong. Hot means hot hot hot HOT! Ouch!
5	First time going here. The place looks really old on the outside, but the inside is very nice, and looks newly remodeled. The decorations are very interesting, and give you something to look at while waiting for your food. It's a nice atmosphere, and they were playing traditional Thai music. I had the yellow curry, and it was one of the best I've tasted in the valley. Will definitely keep coming back to try other dishes.
5	My friend Corey and I come here once, twice even three times a week sometimes. We always get the Thai Curry Noodle. I prefer mine Thai hot and he likes his medium. The lady there is extremely pleasant like always. We walk in, sit down at our same table, she walks up and already knows what we're looking for. Even remembers that he likes Diet Coke and I always have a Dr. Pepper. It has a nice little setting. I've tried a couple of other things there but It was a long time ago to be honest and I really really like the curry noodle. :) I want to try more but I always forget and toward the end of the week (usually Thursdays around 7) I'm just craving my curry noodle. As for the actual Dish itself. It is my favorite thing to eat. My friend and always look forward to our night at Tasty Thai. I'm really bad at describing food but I love it and I know that it's just phenomenal.
4	Wanting something spicy, I went to this Thai place last week. I was not disappointed. I had the pad ped curry with chicken - spice level - hot. It was awesome! The curry - made of red curry paste - was great! Some of the other places add a little too much of coconut to their curry which kinda overwhelms the other flavors, but this one was perfect!The interiors, though, leaves a lot to be desired.. They have this part-funny, part-scary looking plastic skull fitted with reindeer party horns at one corner. I mean, seriously!?Overall, definitely a solid 4.0!
5	Price is amazing and food is out of this world good I would eat here every day if I could so yummy and nice staff
4	Food was amazing just the right ammount of spice i had the green curry, for those who think they like spice id go with medium so you can taste the food the girl friend got number 58 dont knowhow to spell it but it was amazing def coming back again great firt time experience.
4	I walked in at 6:30 pm on a Tuesday a little scared, because it was empty inside.  I had just seen a guy leaving with what was probably take out which made me feel a little better.  In the end the place had good reviews, I was hungry, and I rationalized the emptiness of the inside as this being a lunch spot.The lady at the front greeted me shortly upon entering and asked me where is like to sit.  Since the blinds were drawn it didn't matter and I sat around the corner from the front door.  This always helps with temperature control.  After seating me she came back fairly fast and I ordered pumpkin curry with chicken, extra mild.The wait for the food was reasonable, not too long but not super fast.  This made me feel better that they actually cooked the food instead of serving me something pre-made that was sitting around back.  The pumpkin curry was delicious and satisfying.  I though I was going to want more seeing the bowl, but I couldn't finish it and took left overs back with me.Overall a good experience even with the scary empty restaurant at dinner time.
4	Great food, reasonably priced. But the one waitress/barmaid working in this small place with tacky decor seemed very nervous and unhappy to be there. A little odd, but it's the food that counts.
5	After seeing Tasty Thai on the PBS show Check Please, I decided I needed to try it for myself. I went about an hour before closing on Saturday, so there was plenty of seating available. The first thing that struck me was that the restaurant was very clean. It is always great to see that in any restaurant.The waitress was very friendly and took my order quickly. I ordered the red Thai curry chicken and asked for it to be mild. While I do like Thai food, I am not one seeking to be wiped out by something super spicy. I was very pleased that the curry came at the perfect level of spice for my tastes. The curry contained a good selection of fresh vegetables, and the chicken was cooked to perfection. There was enough to take home for a second meal.I really enjoyed the food at Tasty Thai, thought the service was attentive, and appreciated the cleanliness of the restaurant. If you happen to be on the east side and are craving Thai food, definitely have lunch or dinner there.
5	Small establishment located in a nearly vacancy strip mall. Curious odor, as others have noted, approaching the entry (likely a  unmaintained grease trap). Courteous, friendly service and marvelous, extremely tasty food. Reasonable price and ample portions. Traditional decor, and not cramped even though small dining area.
5	I love Thai curries and have tried just about every place you can think of. Tasty Thai is, by far, the best Thai curry you can get in the Tempe area. My favorite is the yellow curry but I have true them all here and they are wonderful. It's also worth mentioning that this place has a wonderful atmosphere and the staff are always friendly.
4	Good, food, great service.  I had the yellow curry chicken, hot.  It was the lunch special and it came with a soup and spring roll.  Very delish.  I also tried the Thai Coffee and it is probably the best coffee I have ever had.  I have been to the Tasty Thai probably 10 times now and have not been disappointed.
5	Delicious food that's well presented, only one complaint... Food takes a little too long at lunchtime.. Every time. It's worth it! But, speed up a little please! Place isn't huge but well worth a try.
4	I've been here a few times before, but most recently my girl brought me here for lunch on our anniversary. I had the garlic & pepper beef with salad. Absolutely delicious! I chose mild. The flavor was good, but basically no heat. I really like the salad dressing, which is their own recipe. She had a chicken dish that she chose medium spice. It was also really good and good spice level. They serve soda in cans, which I don't really like but it's not the end of the world. The service has always been good and fast. I've only been there for lunch and I've never been late back to work. The place is pretty small, and I like that. It's never been too crowded, which I also like. I will probably eat here a lot more times. If you go and you sit in the small room to the right, you might notice an interesting piece of art on the wall.
2	So, I was really enjoying my spicy cashew chicken take out until I found a black hair, about 4 or 5 inches in my food. Gross. Hair net. Paid for food I'm not going to eat. Bummer.
5	I had the medium green chicken curry, it was perfect and so yummy. My fiance had the drunken beef noodles awesome. The jasmin tea is great too, the service is good but a little slow but its busy so its expected.
3	We enjoyed the opportunity to check out another local Thai restaurant in Tempe.  ASU is out for the Holiday break, so everyone in Tempe needs the business.  That was true here too!  We arrived around 530 on a Friday night and we were the only ones there the whole time.  I ordered the combo appetizer platter ($12.95) for my entree, asking for peanut sauce in addition to the sweet and sour sauce that comes with it.  It cost an extra dollar, but it was worth it to me for the ability to vary the flavors. It said it was a light batter and that was true.  Everything on the platter was done perfectly.  My partner got a smaller portion of the Tom Kha soup (5.95).  I tasted it and it was tart-er than I like and thinner.  But the overall taste was A-OK and appreciated by my partner (but the flavors of the soup were not addicting like some others are).  The other entree chosen was Sweet and Sour Pork and that was good and wasn't too hot.  The service was fine and the server filled our water every time when needed.  I wasn't really in the mood to try the curries.  Funny ain't it?  I really wished for a curry sampler... something I've never seen anywhere, probably an absurd thing to ask for... (and I didn't ask for it).   Wouldn't that be great, to be able to try 4 different curries, to be able to find one you really like?  OH WAIT!  That's called having 4 people at the table ordering one of each!!!  What a concept!  LOL   Yeah I crack myself up sometimes.    Anyway, back to the review...    I am really really glad I went to try Tasty Thai out.  I might try them again to see if I like Yellow Curry or Pumpkin Curry.  My partner isn't really interested in going back.  Too bad it didn't pass our Tom Kha test.
3	I have to say I'm very particular about my Thai. I've had my share, know what I like, so I'm definitely picky when it comes to my curry. What I will say about Tasty Thai is that I like the value-for-money on their lunch combos. The price is just too rightt! What I dislike is the lack of flavor.I've noticed that a lot of Thai restaraunts here in the PHX valley seem to lack any zest.. There doesn't seem to be much flavor in the food. Having found a place in Tempe that I LOVE for flavor (5 ra-cha), I can't give this place any higher than 3 stars, even though the server is delightful (although slow) and the ambience isn't half bad.
