5	Came home to a leaking water heater.  I checked on Yelp and called Todd's water heater repair and left a message, expecting to be called the next day.  Almost immediately Todd returned my call and walked me through turning the gas and water to the water heater off so there would be no more damage incurred.  He said he'd put me on the schedule for first thing the next morning.  Todd arrived before 8:00 a.m. and assessed the situation and answered all our questions.  We decided to replace the water heater and plan to install a tankless water heater in the future.  When Todd returned from getting the water heater, he called his two employees to work on the pop-up assemblies and shower faucet cartridge while he tended to the water heater and pressure regulator.  The other two guys were equally professional and personable.  I felt completely at ease having them in our home.  When everything was finished and tested, Todd explained every fee and the details of what was covered under warranty and for how long.  We need to replace our kitchen faucet and he told us where we could go that was close by to find a quality faucet that was not made with plastic parts.  We will definitely call Todd for the installation of the new faucet.  Everything was cleaned up beautifully before they left.  We are very pleased.
5	Well well, who woulda thunk it???  I called 2 places before I called Todds Water Heater and got "the run around"... Then, much to my surprise, I got someone to answer ther phone at Todds and they even knew what they were talking about... Whew,,,, I don't enjoy having to interupt my day with this kind of thing.... Sooo... Todd, showed up at 4:00 just like we arranged... He brought a shiny white water heater with him and quicky had my household back on track. Now we have a 50 gallon water heater and NO Mess and NO Cold Showers....  Oh,,, and,,, an 8 yr warranty... What a guy???? Good people... It's nice to know that there are still a few out there in this world... Todd,, YOU ROCK!!!!
