4	Great location on the NW corner of Stephanie and American Pacific. Pretty good parking to go into the store.The gas prices are always very competitive and we all need to save a few bucks with the crazy high gas prices out there right now.Plus get a free car wash with 8 gallons of gas. You have to go in with your receipt and the clerk will give you a car wash ticket for their automatic car wash. The car wash is ok as auto car wash goes...but don't complain when it comes free with purchase.The store is well stocked and has all the normal convenience store stuff but always a couple extra items like local dried fruits or other specialties from local jobbers or vendors which is pretty cool. I always buy some of them just to try and support local small biz.Staff for some reason appear and I see different people always "look" like they're not having a good day, but they always are helpful and get you out quick. Winner and works for me so I keep coming back. Gets Like 4.5 stars over the last 4 visits.
5	Come here and get 8gal of gas for a car wash! Then fill up at Costco later. haha- Way more expensive than Costco. - Premium:  Xpress=3.84 vs Costco= 3.67, 17 more cents. Courtesy GasBuddy.com- BUT, totally worth the FREE car wash. Calculating it, for 8gal, it's $1.36! Not bad! - The key is just to get 8gal only. Tough..Argh.- No wait. Gas station pretty empty when I was there in the morning. Better than Costco.- Total time-saver! Car wash takes less than 5min. - Just bring car towels to wipe off the residual water, car wax, windex, some paper towels!- Park your car next to the tree shade and the regular wash turns into a nice detail! - Yea, my rims were still dirty, but for that price, can't complain!
1	I took my car to get washed 3 times. The first time my windows still had tape on them that I requested to be removed. The second time the same thing happened. The third time My ring was STOLEN OUT OF MY CENTER CONSOLE. I brought this to managements attention and nothing was done, I was still charged for the wash (they still did not remove the tape) and they were very rude. I drive across town to get my car washed now
4	This is a convenient gas station with a small shop attached. It's not fancy, but it has the things you'd want a gas station to have. While the gas here isn't the cheapest in town, you are able to use your Smith's fuel rewards here for up to $1.00 off per gallon! A great tip if you aren't near one of Smith's stations. This location often runs specials so be sure to check out the signs or ask the clerk. Sometimes it's a free car wash with fill up, a free soda with fill up, etc. Last week I got a free cup of coffee with an 8 gallon fill up.
4	Free 32 oz soda with a fill up.   Place needs a little cleaning, but overall I would recommend this place.
