2	Busy right after school which is to be expected...Wasn't very clean which is disappointing, especially for an ice cream parlor. We stopped in to try the new soft serve ice cream with sprinkles that turn the ice cream a new color. Don't know if the boy behind the counter was stingy or what, but the kids got only a couple of sprinkles that didn't even cover the ice cream which was disappointing considering they charge for them. All in all wouldn't visit this location again. We prefer the one closer to home :)
4	What can you say about Baskin Robbins? I mean they carry my two favorite all time favorites, Jamoca Almond fudge and Rocky Road. Depending on my mood determines which flavor I get. Sometimes if I can't chose I just get both. This is one of the rare locations that offer $1 scoop Tuesday and buy one get one free sundaes on Wednesdays. The staff are usually high school students that remind me of when my friends worked at Baskin Robbins in Waukegan way back in the day. Wow,, such a long time ago. If you are itchin for some ice cream and don't just want frozen yogurt,  boogie on down to Baskin Robbins!
1	I LOVE Baskin Robbins but I can NOT understand THIS store CONSTANTLY being out of the staples like MINT CHIP!! On 3 separate occasions I've gone in and asked for MINT CHIP and on all occasions they are OUT!!?? Many many excuses from it didn't get delivered, to we forgot to order to we didn't realize we were out!! Either FIX the problem which is self inflicted or sell the franchise to someone who actually cares!! I'm done with this store even though it's right by me and will go to another Baskin Robbins.
5	I love this Baskin Robbins. They have great deals like a discount on ice scoops on Tuesday nights and a buy one get one  free Sunday night on Wednesdays. Plus the nice young kid working there also let me know that on week days, they have an after school special on half priced kid sized scoops till 5pm. I've made this my place to hangout with friends and enjoy some good ice cream. The staff is very friendly and I always leave happy & satisfied. I recommend this Baskin Robbins for anyone looking for a cool place to relax and have some tasty ice cream.
1	Once again my son stopped in on the night of January 27 for Mint Chip for me and Chocolate for him. ONCE AGAIN this Baskin Robbins was OUT of Mint Chip, Chocolate Chip, Jamoca Almond Fudge, Rocky Road. Excuses, Excuses, Excuses!! Here's a tip to the owner SELL the store to someone who really wants to run the store, not own the store as a hobby. I will be reporting this store to Baskin Robbins Corporate. Do NOT go here unless you have your 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, or 9th choice. This is the DUMBEST way to run an operation that I have ever seen. Please stay away from this store until the owner sells or decides to finally get the staples of Baskin Robbins in on a consistent basis!!
3	OK.  Not as good as Cold Stone or Sweet Republic.
3	I have been going to Baskin Robbins since I was a kid. Ice cream is the same as I remember as a kid. Not great but good ice cream to relieve that craving. I also like their ice cream cakes. This place has always had high school students run this place and I have never had any issues with the service. Seems like they're quick and friendly. Since it's close to home, we'll be back.
4	Go there on Wednesday's, BOGO sundaes.
