1	I've always heard that a three star review is the worst rating because it doesn't invoke love of a place and it doesn't bring out emotions of hate, it's just bleh. I had a nightmare of a time getting my hair done yesterday, but I went back today to talk to the owner and received a full refund. I have never done something like this before, but when I post my tale of misery you will soon understand why....I have been growing my hair out for over a year so that I could do the generous thing and donate it to Locks of Love or an equivalent. This means I couldn't style it, cut it, or color it the way I wanted to.And anyone who knows me knows that this was a HUGE sacrifice.I contemplated many salons and this one was:1. Close to my house2. Affordable3. Clean4. Presented amazing hair cuts to choose from (because you presume that if they have haircuts on the walls and in a book that the stylist should know how to do them!)I printed a picture of a very sexy chin length cut that would have looked amazing on me and left enough hair for the donation. I wanted to go all out and sass up the color too.I called the salon and talked to a woman, who I later found out, was the owner. I explained what I wanted and she quoted me a price from $45- $70 for the color and possibly the cut. I expected it to be more in the $60 range anyway and made and appointment.When I went in I was greeted and taken back to a station shortly thereafter by a "relaxed" woman. The woman seemed chill, but I found out that soon after she was just "too chill" for my liking.I wanted her to put my hair into pigtails for the donation; she proceeded to tell me the L.O.L. wouldn't accept them in two ponytails. I told her they would. She comes back and puts my hair into pigtails without parting it to make sure that my hair would be even and then doesn't even measure it. I was about to mention how she didn't part the hair but was distracted that she didn't even want to measure my donation insisting that they take it no matter what the length because "they are so desperate for hair." No, she needs to measure it. And I make her. She measures the donation with a comb that I presumed had a ruler on it, but after all of this, I bet it didn't.She cuts the first side off chin length, Perfect. She cuts the other side off.... At my cheek bone.... WTF WTF WTF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!OHMG. WTF am I supposed to do now. I tell her that is WAAAAYY too short for the cut I wanted. She insisted that it will look like that when she is done. I felt that I may have been over reacting since it is the first time I am going this short.Then she grabs her straight edge razor and says to me with hair in hand, "Time to carve!"Time to carve what?!?!!?  I'm not a fucking turkey! And there goes the hair on the back of my head. It is too late all is lost. What the fuck. It's 3 p.m. and I'm supposed to meet a friend at 5 p.m. Can this be salvaged? I can't go anywhere else today and get this shit fixed.The owner then walks over noticing concern on my face. She then consults with my stylist (or torturer) about the color I wanted and told her the best way to do it. (I should have never EVER let this woman put color on my hair if she didn't know what to do in the first place.)But hindsight is always 20/20.She insists that it will look better with the color in it and brings me a book of color samples. I tell her that I wanted a specific red on my hair from the book. The woman looks at the number and tells me "we don't keep that red in stock, you would have to order that color 6 weeks in advance." Really? Six weeks in advance? Do they grow the flowers and smash up the leaves themselves? There's a beauty supply down the street, I could go there and buy it myself. Then the owner walks over. She's trying to talk me out of putting any red into my hair at all because, "when you shower or even sweat the color will bleed... " It will bleed? I have had red hair color in my hair before AND I see plenty of people dye their hair red. I know red fades, but bleeding when I sweat? I don't think so. Not unless you will be using red koolaide to dye my hair.Either way, I'm not getting red. So I tell them I want blonde on the top where the layers are and some black underneath. The owner is telling the woman how to section my hair so it looks right and I feel better because I'm thinking, "The owner knows what she's doing when it comes to where to color the hair. All this woman has to do is slap the dye on and style it."She brings the dye back and does the "black" color underneath and foils it out of the way. Then she starts slathering the bleach on my hair and does not foil it, just bundles the hair up and throws a plastic cap on. I didn't notice it at the time, but she never set a timer and walked outside to have a cigarette. She comes back to check my hair and says, oh it's lifting! To be continued
5	I drove by the salon and went home to check out the reviews.I saw that Katt came highly recommended.I called for an appointment and went the very next afternoon.Katt is the  the "kat,s meow" when it comes to hair.I love my new perm and the prices were very inexpensive....I have found a salon to make me happy.Kat made me look like a new person by the time I left her salon.
5	I went to  the salon  for a perm. Katt did a great job and I am so happy with my hair now. I have recieved so many compliments  on my new do.
5	Went here today despite seeing some less than stellar reviews on here, and I was blown away. Kayla did a fabulous job with my hair and I would definitely recommend going here.  She takes her time and makes sure it's done right.  The service was amazing and the cut and color was even better at an amazing price.  This is definitely my new salon :)
