5	This is almost a morning or afternoon out. There is so much here. They have a great Christmas shop. There are quality plants, flowers and gardening equipment all kinds.Furniture for your garden and conservatories, interestinghomeware and a bathshop. Gifts, cards and stationery and a great restaurant with nice home made soup.Farm foodhall with delicatessen is great and I like to pick up special things that i wouldn't normally find in the local supermarket. One of the nicest things about visiting here is that you can pop in to the Edinburgh butterfly and insect world. Dobbies are very generous, and I have collected for charity here.
3	'Big day out' sort of garden centre (site is the head office base of the UK wide chain), wide range of seasonal plants, additional large retail area of gifts, cards, garden furniture, lighting etc. Also sell fish and accessories for water features, bird seed, feeders etc and the usual tools and accessories. Lots of staff around for any assistance. Most of the retail is under cover, plants outdoors spread out over a wide area, section by section for fruit trees, annuals, shrubs, border plants and so on. Large restaurant area - good choice of cakes, hot and cold drinks, hot dishes, snacks. Occasional special offers on meals available to keep you on site and in a spending mood! Large food hall adjacent to the plant sales too - deli area, baking, fresh fruit and veg plus a large selection of frozen items - loose pack fruits, frozen pastries and veg. Some nod to local suppliers of preserves, baking, drinks and fresh goods - largely the usual brand names though, but nice environment for a browse. Butterfly World also on site is a destination on its own - family orientated attraction with creepy crawlies and interesting displays. Not the cheapest prices all round, but does have a large selection and worth a trip to view.
5	Within 5 minutes of driving I'm here.  With the revamp they've had recently and long called for it's def made a difference, just ashame that it didn't reach the till area.  Lots of plants to choose from and accessories for your outdoor space.  There is now a lakeland, cotton traders, bike shop and a few other shops in the retail village.The cafe has an outdoor space too where you can sit outside with a cuppa coffee and listen to kids screaming in the play area (you have no choice in that matter).  The cafe inside has ample seating too and a huge selection of food to feed up on.
4	This a kind of mecca for the wrinkly crowd and I can see why. The cafe is seriously good. Not cheap but very good, fresh food. I came to Dobbies for a plant and a thing to plant it into, which I found after being overwhelmed with choice. They certainly have lots to chose from BUT it seems they also have fish, outdoor pond and pet supplies, sensible clothes for the wrinkly crowd, sensible shoes for the wrinkly crowd, posh garden furniture, posh garden sheds, conservatories, candles, gifts, books, toys and an entire posh market food hall. Like Ikea for grandmas. I can see older couples would have trouble working up escape velocity from such a palace of treats. Oh, and indoor playground and Butterfly World in the same complex.  A rainy Saturday under cover with cakes, pots of tea and fancy things for all.
4	The gardens are lovely to look at sculptures, plants furniture, a lot of the items found there can be quite overly priced though. So yeah it's sometimes nice to "just look" there is also just more than garden sections to look at, they have a pet area to which birds, fish, and other caged animals can be found. As well as an outdoor shopping area. There is also a cafe is at the rear end of the building. The food... Is very mediocre though the cakes served are of a higher standard. 7 items are usually the building point to the breakfasts served. Though the way of ordering does somehow remind me of school procedures. (Lining up with a tray and asking for the items) It can be very busy on a Sunday morning queues can sometimes be hectic so be prepared to fight and scwable for a seat... Or arrive early to avoid the wait.Every year they make Santa a resident for a few weeks building up to Christmas. Which is lovely for the kids. Starts with an opening parade outside lasts merely 10 minutes. Then few weeks later you are able to make an appointment to the grotto to where the kids are guided through the "North Pole" where they meet Santa at the centre and have a chat/pictures and receive a gift. (Usually of good choice).
