5	I've been to both weekly events put on by Artisan Markets: ArtBridge Thursdays and SouthBridge SunDays.Both are held on the Marshall Way Pedestrian Bridge over Arizona Canal at The Waterfront in Downtown Scottsdale. This beautiful spot is ideal for an artisan market and it is conveniently located between Scottsdale Fashion Square and the legendary 5th Avenue Shops.There is plenty of free parking, admission is free, there is usually free entertainment, there are plenty of great restaurants nearby, and best of all... some of Arizona's best artists, crafters, jewelers, and designers exhibit and sell their work here.Visitors from around the world enjoy strolling through this marketplace and locals have been known to walk their dogs and browse, too. These are family-friendly events, lots of fun, and the Thursday evening "ArtBridge" can make for a romantic date under the stars.Definitely put these events on your "Must-Do" list when in Scottsdale, Arizona!
5	Artisan Markets puts on two great events; one on Thursday night and one on Sunday.  They are both excellent opportunities to see and buy the best local art.  There is always great music and entertainment, lots of free parking and you couldn't ask for a prettier spot.  Check it out, you won't be sorry!
5	It was really fun to wander thru here on a Sunday.  Lots of cool booths with local artists selling all kinds of works.  The location is beautiful and there is plenty of variety to suit everyone.
5	This is hands down my favorite market to go to! I love the atmosphere, the scenery and the great finds! Top-notch, quality artisans! And so close to the Scottsdale Fashion Square and Old Town Scottsdale. A can't miss market!!
5	Love this place.   I go every week.  Totally wish that it was going on this summer!   Always friendly vendors, and love that I can find trendy one of a kind gifts for friends and family.   I shop and then drop in to all the awesome pubs nearby.
1	Thank you Audrey for bringing "Artisan Markets" to the area. However there is a misconception that these twice weekly events promote business among the established shops along 5th Ave. and the surrounding area. Rather then a "partnership",  these events take a great deal of foot traffic and parking away from local retailers. It would be a greater benefit to have larger and less frequent events along 5th Ave. (as was done in the past) rather then the smaller ones which take patrons to the "bridge" rather then them having the opportunity to browse everyone at the same time.
5	We have been a vendor for years and the promoter, Audrey & her staff do a tremendous job. It's always beautiful, with amazing vendors and always very nice customers and residents that come to visit and shop each week. We look forward to another tremendous season at Artisan. Bravo Audrey!!!
5	The people at the market are extremely warm, friendly, & inviting. The place has a great ambiance with live music & is right along side the canal in old town Scottsdale! With 70+ shops offering a variety of different art this is an amazing place to check out. There are also restaurants EVERYWHERE! All these reasons are why I  go almost every Thursday & Sunday
