3	As with the previous reviewer I did not know this was a chain. Palomino provided a good quality experience with a good selection of choices and good service. A reliable standby for your dinner if you are stuck in a hotel in downtown Pittsburgh.
4	This restaurant was great!  We went there for lunch and the service was top notch.  It's been several years now, but I am pretty sure the food did not disappoint me at all.  Definitely a place to go for great food while u are in the area.
3	Why do I go to Palomino? Because of the great happy hour. Every day 5-7 they have a happy hour. It's a great place to get a drink before headed to the theater or catching a flick at the Harris downtown. The bar service can be hit or miss, but if you're not in a hurry and want to enjoy some delicious appetizers and have a few reasonable drinks, you'll have a grand time. I recommend the calamari. The bar area has lots of windows to look out on the hustle and bustle of the city as well as comfy leather chairs to relax in. Be warned, the bar can be quite crowded on a Friday night. I haven't been here for dinner yet, but the dining room has a very nice atmosphere with soft lighting and a good crowd.  If it's a cold evening and you're near one of the few subway stops in town, hop on, go to Gateway Center and emerge to the beckoning warmth of Palomino.
3	I was here last night with a couple friends.  It's a decent place to go for drinks and the food and service is about average.  If you are in the city this is a decent standby.  The parking is indoor.  The entrance to the building is down one floor from the first lot when you pull in to the garage, so drive down one level before parking.  I always forget and park on the wrong level.  The entrance is nice and hostess is usually smiling.  The bar area is huge and probably my favorite part of the restaurant.  I rarely sit in the dining area unless I'm having an event and use the private dining areas in the back.  There is plenty of space at the bar, plus mulitiple hi-tops and nice leather lounge seating to be had.  The lighting is nice and the floor to ceiling windows give it a nice roomy feel.  This is a franchise, but it's a small one not like a mortons or ruths.  The bartender was a nice enough guy, but not overly friendly which is fine since I was here with friends, but I'm sure some of the people solo at the bar wouldn't have minded a bit of conversation.  I also don't really like the fact that he was eating potato chips most of the time behind the bar and then handling olives and other food items to make drinks (I know I'm being too critical).  Lisa and I arrived first and I ordered my standard guinness  which I guess wasn't part of the happy hour special because I paid full price ($6.00).  The guinness was fine except it was a sloppy pour and I had to wash my hands after handling it.  Lisa ordered a shiraz (Jacobs Creek Reserve) and I've bought bottles of this before for about $11 a bottle, so $11.50 for a glass seems a bit pricey.  We start with two appetizers.  I order the brick oven roasted mushrooms which are tasty with roasted garlic, vinaigrette and rosemary.  This is a good appetizer that is well seasoned and reasonably priced.  We also order the brie dip which is only about okay.  It is crusted with pistachio and had a glaze.  The menu said pomegranate glaze, but I couldn't taste this fruit.  The brie wasn't of great quality and it wasn't ripe as the brine was firmly attached.  I could have skipped this.  Tom arrives and we order our entrees.  I order the sole saltimbocco which is one of their "signature items" and lisa orders the "sea scallops" and Tom has the paella.  It seems like they try hard to keep most of the menu items under $30 and our entrees were $23, $26 and $28 respectively, but then they hit you for $8 for a salad.  So, the price isn't as reasonable as it should be.  They were nice enough to accomodate my intolerance for lettuce by making me a salad of basically tomatoes, blue cheese and bacon.  It was fine, but served without dressing.  My entree was pretty good.  The risotto was okay and the fish was cooked well.  The pancetta on top of the fish also provided a nice contrast of texture and taste.  However, it was drown in butter.  I mean it looked like a stick or two were melted on top of the thing.  I love butter and that's probably a part of the reason I liked it, but I wonder how well the chef may have done without the ability to use so much.  Tom's paella looked really good.  This was probably the best choice of the night.  The rice was cooked and flavored well.  The sausage was tasty and the shellfish weren't overcooked.  Lisa who had been craving scallops I'm afraid was disappointed.  If they were sea scallops they were the smallest I've ever seen.  Good scallops shouldn't be overdressed with a cheese crust and a bunch of other convuluted flavors.  I split one open and the scallop also was not a color that I would recognize for this shellfish.  I guess I'd describe the color as taupe.  As I review this the restaurant probably only deserves 2.5 stars and I also notice I mention price often.  Overall I paid $240 for the three of us to dine here at the bar.  In this economy I'm a little disappointed in myself for spending so much on such a sub par experience.  I could have gone to one of the many locally owned joints or even a capital grille and had a much better dining experience than this.  I think I'll stick to this place solely for happy hour in the future.
1	My girlfriend and I ventured downtown to this spot because we were kindly given a $20 coupon by a friend of ours. Usually, we stay far away from chain restaurants and our experience reminded us why we do that. Our first experience through the door was to be looked down upon for not having a reservation for the half full dining room. HINT: a restaurant does not magically become upscale by being pretentious. It also would have helped if our waiter would have noticed we seated before 15 minutes went by.I am a food person and was highly disappointed by the fare. The good thing about chain restaurants is that they always seem to have some free food stuffs to keep you busy until your entre arrives. At Palomino we were treated to cold crushed tomatoes with raw onion stirred in. I think it was supposed to be some kind of italian inspired sauce to go with our cold, dry-ish, foccacia. That night we also received fried fish from the "seasonal and local" menu that was unbelievably salty and some scallop and shrimp fettucini alfredo that confused al dente with under cooked. The whole experience really made me glad not to be a traveling business person stuck sleeping in Mariotts and eating at over reaching, not as tasty, downtown olive gardens. I couldn't do that on a regular basis.Sorry guys.
3	This place is expensive for lunch and dinner, but the Happy Hour is definitely worth it. They have changed the menu and it has gotten better with more of a selection. I don't think it's worth the price outside of Happy Hour. The service has also gotten better over the last year, it used to be awful.
3	This is a standard American Bistro attempting to appeal to the masses. We took my Mother-in-Law their before the symphony last fall. I like their 3 course menu for early seatings - but it was far from memorable.
1	Grave disappointment doesn't begin to describe our experience at Palaminos in Pittsburgh. It began with a rushed waiter who threw menus at us, turned over my menu to show me wines while I was reading it and then shoved it in my face a few minutes later when he rushed by. Atmosphere was at best a mediocre hotel restaurant. Every item on menu was overpriced and the evening ended when our spastic waiter was unable to uncork the bottle of wine.
4	Didn't realize this was a chain, but I guess that doesn't really matter.  Food was good as was the service.  Price was fair.  Parking a breeze!  It's right under the restaurant.
1	I've had two lunches at Palomino and one dinner, only because the guests who invited me think it's a nice place to take clients. Wrong! A friend of mine went today and we are writing this together."Expensive, bad food" was the first thing out of his mouth, as he soothed his stomach all afternoon. Seriously awful, if there was a zero stars button. . .  Palomino is stuck in time, and probably never had a heyday. I have to disagree with one of the reviewers below as it is not a good spot if you are in a hotel in downtown Pittsburgh.  There are a handful of downtown dinner spots which are far superior, and family run to bout. Seek out Greek, Indian or even classier 'Nine on Nine' for a lovely treat.
3	Great food and people watching at the bar... Almost hard to believe it's a chain...
