1	Going through bookmarks and saw I had yet to review this.  This place is just bad. I had to go here multiple times for my birth control as well as an annual appointment and the entire office seems to be in apathetic disarray - no one is organized, no one is communicative and no one cares.On multiple occassions I had to wait an hour for a REFILL in a waiting room that wasn't even half full. No reason, no apology.These people claim they are here to help. Do not believe it. They do not care about you. They just want you to pay and leave.I told a lady behind the counter that I was trying to get birth control for a vacation so I wouldn't miss any days and it just seemed like the biggest inconvenience ever. Sorry that I am trying to look out for myself.My birth control comes in the mail now finally - I was told for almost a year that it would be "next month" when I came in once a month or once every other month.I dread the day I have to step foot in here again.
1	This place is terrible! The waiting time is ridiculous. My initial visit was 2 hours with a $50 fee. For what? Just a few simple vital signs that I could have taken myself. I am a regular at their Charleston location and I love it. I am in and out of there in less than 5 minutes. But today, I have been waiting for my BC Pills for over an hour. Flamingo location is NOT RECOMMENDED! And the staff is rude too.
1	If there was an option for 0 stars- this is what this place would get. My appointment was at 10:30. Being a very punctual person I arrived 15 minutes early to fill out necessary paperwork as it is my first time visiting this location. I sat in the waiting room for over an hour- very patiently might I add, until I decided to go ask why they hadn't call me as there were several other woman who  arrived after me get called back way before me. So- I approach the counter and the woman who helped me asked my name after telling her that I had had a 1030 appointment and they hadn't called me. They start whispering to each other and then pretending that my chart was the "next one up" which in all actuality wasn't the case. They had lost track of my file and had completely forgot about me. Like hello! Pay attention to the people in your lobby. It's not rocket science. After I approached they counter they called me back in the next 3 minutes took my vitals so on and so forth. I was then told that they were waiting for a room to open- and as soon as one opened up they would call me back again. But until then head back out to the lobby to wait. It was another 15 minutes before they called me to go into the room and another 25 for the doctor to come see me. My procedure -getting an iud removed literally took 30 seconds. I was in the presence of the nurse practitioner for literally 5 minutes-  she was nice- took her time with me; not that I needed a whole lot and was professional. Honestly she was the best part of this entire experience. Having said this- after I got dressed and was finished I was then told again- that I needed to wait in the lobby because she needed  to "grab my chart" to pay.. Seriously you quoted me over the phone. Here is my card charge it and let me leave. *two hours and counting - still waiting in their lobby.
1	The staff was great and very helpful but I'm giving it one star due to the fact you have to pay for everything! This is the 1st location I have been to where you have to pay. Other locations I have been to base it off your income this one doesn't due to them losing their funding. :(
1	Waited over an hour for a pill consult, even though I had an appointment.  WTF is the point making appointments if I'm still gonna be there all day?!
1	HORRIBLE !!I live right around the corner and would rather drive to the location on the opposite side of the side. EVERY TIME I call ahead for my pills, they give you a specific time they will be ready I usually give it an extra hr after the ready time and I get there and I'm STILLLL waiting an extra 45mins-1hr. Every one at their front desk is rude. No please or Thank-you. THIS location really needs to be looked into more. I cannot believe how horrible this location is. I would NEVER recommend this location to anyone!
