4	As the name suggests, this little-known Greek restaurant in Tollcross prides itself on serving up authentic, tasty, homemade Greek food - and plenty of it.Run by a Scottish couple who have just returned from living in Kefalonia, this restaurant is definitely worth a visit.My partner and I went on a whim one evening and nearly all the tables were booked, which is always a reassuring sign. Instead of attempting to choose from the extensive a la carte menu, we opted for a selection of mezzes from the starter menu instead: home-made humus, taramasalata, tzatziki, huge juicy olives and a portion of deliciously crispy whitebait. With an unlimited supply of crusty bread and a great value house wine, it was a gorgeous meal.
3	I stumbled upon My Big Fat Greek Kitchen completely by chance several months ago, and I was a bit unsure about eating here as I thought the name was a bit cheesy, but I was so wrong as I had a really tasty meal here. Situated in the Toll cross area of Edinburgh, this restaurant is just a short walk from the city centre so it is a convenient place to reach. The menu offers a vast range of authentic Greek cuisine including hummus, tzatziki and olives. I had a selection of dips for a starter which was really gorgeous, followed by a chicken kebab for my main which was tasty and served with chips, but not just as good as the starter. The dishes are very reasonable here, with a two course meal costing around seven pounds, and the portions were a decent size too. My Big Fat Greek Kitchen offer baklava for desert which I absolutely love, and their version was really lovely, but so sweet! The only thing which I felt let the meal down were the waiters, who I felt were quite rude and generally disinterested in the customers. I had a really delicious meal here and would like to go back, but the service I experienced put me off so it will probably be a while before I'm back in this restaurant.
4	From the name, you'd expect this Tollcross restaurant to offer some kind of full-on Greek "cultural experience", where waiters speak with exaggerated accents, flamboyantly smash plates and generally play up to every national stereotype out there.  However, to my slight relief, when I came here with some friends, I found the atmosphere considerably more restrained - in fact, we were the only people in the restaurant, probably because we were there early on a week night.Fortunately the isolation didn't stop us from enjoying the perfectly cooked food.  The menu contains no surprises, featuring typical Greek dishes such as Moussaka and Pork Souvlaki, but our meal proved there's nothing wrong with keeping things traditional, as everything was excellent, especially the starters.  What particularly stood out for me was the spanakopita (feta and spiach pacrels), which had this amazing crispiness that is never there when I cook them myself.  The service was also really good, as you'd expect, given there was nobody else there!From Fiona H.'s review, I get the impression My Big Fat Greek Kitchen gets considerably more lively at weekends.  Perhaps that's when they do all the plate smashing.
4	I love Greek food so much it's got to the stage that a glimpse of the flag makes me hungry. I'd eat it if I could. So when I saw the white and baby blue colour scheme of this place, my stomach rumbled.Serving up my favourites as well as some interesting dips I hadn't tried before, I was impressed by My Big Fat Greek Kitchen. I visited here with the more adventurous eaters in my family, and we tucked into hearty portions of food. The restaurant staff are friendly, and the decor is kept simple so you're not distracted by over the top surroundings.We left feeling full but not bloated, and had a lovely evening. I got the whitebait and mousakka which seems to be a recurring theme with me, but it makes me a good judge of when a portion is tasty. It was, and would try and branch out next time (although I tried an awesome dip - can't remember the name of it but it was out of this world!)I dislike the film that this restaurant borrows its title from, but I love this place. This Greek Kitchen would make me fat if I stayed near it, since I would visit frequently. It's been a few months since I was here last but I am in danger of catching a train tomorrow morning if I continue to talk about it. So hungry, God Damn!
5	This is definitely a weekend favourite! I love their set menu at lunchtime. I usually go for the dips or courgette risolles followed by steak (what else?). Delicious freshly cooked Greek food in a perfect location: really need to go soon to sample their evening selection!If you're a fan of grilled meats, veg, and hummus, this is worth a look-in.
3	I went for the pre-theather menu, which has limited choice but I found to be good value for money.  The service was a bit haphazard, The owner was great but the waiting girls didn't really have a clue.  I thought I would give a second try with something from the main menu.  I had the sea bass from the specials board but when it arrived there wasn't really any greek twist to it.  It was okay but under seasoned and a bit bland. There is nothing really wrong with the place but there is nothing really great about it either.
4	I lived in Greece for a couple of years and go there every year on holiday, almost only because I absolutely love the food!! This place had a good atmosphere, the food was pretty authentic and quite tasty but as a huge mezze fan, I was disappointed that the mezzes cost quite a lot for the portion sizes.I will definitely go again, maybe in a bigger group so as to split the price of lots of yummy mezzes!
5	LOVE. I LOVE this place. The servers went above & beyond their call of duty and made us feel like we were at home. This place caters to people and listens and wants to please. The food is also very good. To be honest I was so overwhelmed by the service I just thought everything was lovely! I will definitely go again and pay more attention specifically to the food, but I know I liked what I ate. They even let me change my lunch special to suit my every whim! I had a hankering for a gyro and the cook was nice enough to make one for me and not charge me anything extra!Its not everyday you do out to eat and have such a pleasant experience, that you almost feel bad leaving because you love everyone around you so much!  Will definitely be going back and recommending this place.
3	I came across the website of MBFGK yesterday and it had an instantaneous response of I WANT GREEK FOOD! Greek food I put down as 'healthy' food that you can eat out and feel good about yourself. I wanted to eat, and feel good yesterday, so it seemed a perfect union of two (well, three, if you count the silent reviewer, as he does insist on it). I'll join in and say, service was very nice. Attentive, friendly and pleasant. Food,well, I couldn't decide - mezze, main or platter? We saw the meat platter being delivered... presentation wise it looked fantastic and I wanted the veggie one... cept the silent reviewer did insist on wanting to consume some form of flesh, so with a tender craving for halloumi, I went for the vegetarian souvlaki whilst he plumped for the swordfish. Perfecto, not even animal based, so I get two meals for the price of one!We also shared some of the feta with chilli and lemon. For us, it was too feta-cheesey strong, with a chilli kick, but overall we didn't like the flavour a whole lot. From other reviews, I think some stock has been taken as it was delivered, semi soft, and on a plate rather than in a ramekin. It was served with pita bread... but I have to admit, that I was disappointed in - rustic bread, as it was advertised, conjours up some lovely crusty loaf, not toasted dry pita. So, not overly won on the first course, but putting it down to wrong menu choice rather than bad food. Next up - the souvlaki and the swordfish. The souvlaki contained about an udders worth of halloumi - more than I think it is possible to consume - very salty halloumi as well - I found myself trying to bury the salt with the chips... or anything to combat the saltiness. Personally, I would have liked about half the halloumi and more veg - it felt very unbalanced. The chips, I also felt, were too oily and soggy, but I couldn't decide if that was down to the kebabs lying on top of the chips, or if there had been more oil drizzled on top. The salad was also oily (and tasty), which with the combination of the souvlaki (oily) and chips (oily) gave me an overdose of oil and by the end, it was too much for me. That healthy goodness that I had wanted from my meal was lost. So, do I think what I had was good? Well, it was nice, and cooked well, but not inspiring to me. Flavours didn't overwhelm me. The silent reviewer noted that the swordfish, marinated in black pepper and paprika didn't carry over any of the flavour, and overall felt his dish was rather bland. I enjoyed my house rose, but at the end of the main course, opted to go home rather than stay for dessert. I liked the idea of My Big Fat Greek Kitchen, but I was sadly underwhelmed by the results - too bad, as they are nice! If this was an online date, I would smile, ask to be friends but never keep in touch.
4	There are a shortage of Greek restaurants in Edinburgh. In fact, I think My Big Fat Greek Kitchen might be the only one. They obviously have a sense of humour, with the name, and whilst it might not look too grandiose on the outside, the food is as good as any other Greek restaurant I've tried.As you'd expect with a Greek restaurant, the staff were very friendly (the owner) and is half-Greek himself. THe restaurant is quite small and perhaps lacks a really strong ambience, but the one it has is a muted relaxed, quiet one. I guess I would hope for lower lighting, candles, darker taverna style walls, and some plate smashing occasionally? But that's like expecting every Scottish pub to serve only whisky and for the staff to wear kilts...The menu is as you'd expect. Lots of mezze options, and we went for three dips and pitta. If I'm going to be fussy, the starter options were really quite small. Not much dip at all. But the mains are big enough to feed two so it all balances itself out. I actually had to take half my lamb kebab away in a wee box.They do state that they serve all mains with chips, which I find a little odd, but I asked for mine with rice and it wasn't a problem.The lamb was charcoaly, grilled, meaty goodness. The figs with honey for yoghurt was a very rich decadent treat. And it was a lovely place to come for a family meal.
5	Me and my boyfriend first sat outside, but as we looked at the sky it looked like it was going to rain so we changed table to inside. We got given our menus by a friendly Greek woman, the menu had too many nice things to decide from! As I'm half Greek, looking at the menu took me back to eating at my Greek granny's house. It was so good. We started off with just a meze, Dolmades, till we decided on our main. My boyfriend had a Mythos and the Sea Bass Fillet, I had the Grilled Lemon Chicken. The music playing was traditional Greek music and the decor was very nice! The atmosphere in the restaurant is very nice! The toilets were very clean. For dessert we shared the Baklava which I have to say is exactly like the baklava you eat in Greece, it was delicious! We were very pleased with the food and service! Got to talk to the staff and got to know them a bit, very friendly! I give a 10/10. I'll definitely be going back!!
