4	I am convinced that this is the best cab company in the valley. I have now used them twice. They are the only cab company who advertises in the yellow pages that you can book them in advance, which is perfect for when I am feeling especially anal about my travel going smoothly around the holidays. Both times they have been early to pick me and Hubby up, and they take--are you sitting down?-- the shortest route to the airport from my house, unlike the bastards you usually get stuck with who will take a leisurely tour before they get my ass where it needs to go.Union Cab's cars are clean and the drivers are friendly. I did dock them a star because this last time I booked online, but after several hours had not received a confirmation phone call or e-mail. I then called, and it was clear they had not gotten my order. So, just call instead, and rest assured that you will be on time, driven by a nice person who will not screw you over.UPDATE: We used Union Cab a third time at Christmas- they were still early (and this was at 4:30 am!), still friendly, and still reasonable. Somebody got a big fat tip.
5	I'm equally convinced this is the best cab/car service in the area. Easy to schedule a pick up, via phone or their handy online scheduling interface. Drivers arrive punctually and wait patiently (even if your flight is delayed). Drivers will select the best route (shortest, fastest, etc) for your needs and check with you prior to following the suggested route. Rates beat most of the "low-price" shuttle options in the area and they don't give you any sass about using a credit card to pay your bill.
5	I took the advice of Kerstin M's review, and she was 100% correct:  Union Cab is on-time, courteous, very reasonably priced, and personable to boot.  Around 11pm we called for a ride to the airport at 5am the next morning, after being disconnected by another company twice.  Not only did we NOT have to wait on hold for an hour, but the guy who took our call actually thanked us for our business.  That never happens with cab companies!  So the cab arrived 5 minutes early, and he drove speedily but safely.  When we ran into a couple of construction zones and closed streets (which WILL happen in Phoenix), he let us know which detours he was taking and why, which was much appreciated.  Overall it was a swift, stress-free ride and the driver got a nice big tip.  These guys are a class act.
1	I gave them 4 hours notice--needed a cab at 2pm to go to the airport. 2pm no cab. 2:10 I call, dispatcher says he's almost there 5mins max. 2:20 I call, dispatcher 10mins max. 2:30 I call, dispatcher says he's turning the corner. 2:35 dispatcher calls me to verify my address. I say the one I've given you 4 times now? He says yeah, that's the one. Driver's 2 blocks over. 2:45 cab shows up, driver complaining about how he can't go pick some dude up at a casino cause he's gotta take me to the airport. Never again.
1	I used them a couple of times in the past and was very pleased BUT my husband scheduled a 6:15 am pick up this morning in order to catch an early flight. It was all scheduled a full day in advance but this morning NO ONE SHOWED UP AND NO ONE CALLED. Who needs that? Sorry, Union cab - if I can't count on you you won't get my business. End of story.
5	This taxi cab company in mesa to my house in tempe to pick me up... I told Berto over there that I was in a hurry and asked if they could help me out.  They were fast too..within 15 minutes they were here and i was on my way.  I can't tell you what a relief it was to get to the airport on time.  This is WAY better than any airport shuttle service out there.  It cost a few bucks more..but that was a small price to pay to make my flight.  Thank you Union Cab Company....you made my day!
1	I made a reservation and received an email confirmation and a phone call confirmation.  Ten minutes after my requested pick-up time, there was no cab.  I called UCC and the dispatcher said he didn't know about my reservation... haaa.  The cab smelled terrible..... an interesting mix of B.O. and carbon monoxide.
