4	Whenever I travel alone, I seem to end up at a lot of sushi bars. The one of the Las Vegas Hilton is about the same as the rest of them - quick service, nice servers and good - fresh food. I had some edamame, a dragon roll, and some green tea ice cream and it was all really yummy. This place is a little odd - it's in this area which also includes a Benihanna and a Korean noodle shop - and in the middle are these huge waterfalls. Pretty cool, but a little hard to figure out where to go. Anyways, if you're staying at the Hilton or visiting the Convention center in Las Vegas, I'd recommend - especially if you're on your own.
3	The food here tasted pretty good. The prices are expensive, but not that bad. For the fancy rolls, the prices are only about $3 more than the bay area. The service was really good. The staff were all pleasant. The restaurant is located inside a barely lit garden scene. There are 3 restaurants and a bar all in one, in their separate areas.
4	Pretty damn good! Prices aren't bad, spicy rolls are actually spicy! I would definitely going there again.
2	we should have known better. japanese restaurant in a hotel...for the price you're paying, the food just wasn't good. seating was cute. they had a giant tori gate with w/ a "waterfall" and dimmed lighting so the atmosphere was amazing...i just wish they had good food to match it.*agedashi tofu was probably the best of our order. the tofu had a thin crispy skin along with a good base sauce. *chicken yakitori- chewy...*spider roll/soft shell crab/spicy tuna- average*salmon skin- wasn't bad, but the roll itself was super tiny*denny's roll- restaurant specialty...a little heavy on the sauce but okay
4	This place is mad pimped out for its in the Benihana Japanese Village section. The sushi itself is good but it is pricey. We had a discount coupon for this place which was like $25 bucks off the total bill. But had we not had that this place would be pretty Fin pricey.If you want to impress some hot worthy chick definitely bring her here but if you are eating alone or with your friends then dont go here unless you have the money to drop. We ordered the sushi platter which is ok for one person but for two its gonna make you wanna eat again like 2 hours later.
5	I'll tell you one thing, this is one of the best sushi restaurants in all of Las Vegas. The service is great and they have master sushi chef that really know how to make good sushi. They make sushi the right way. They pay attention to every little flavor, ingredient which makes it so good. If you love udon like I do you gotta try theirs. It's the best in Vegas. This restaurant is located in the Hilton Hotel. You have to try this place. Holla back!
4	Just ate here last night and am sad not to remember the name of our delightful waitress. Came down from our room for a late dinner using a coupon but had difficulty finding it, as the sushi bar is located within the Bennihana "village" that includes the Zen Lounge, a noodle bar, and the actual Bennihana.  Once we asked we were able to find it without a problem, though.Interesting setup continues once you are inside- sushi bar has seating along the bar to watch the chef or at a few small tables. We opted for the tables and were seated near the center, where a water display is in full view. It was a little too loud for our liking though, and despite sitting close had some difficulty hearing my date. At times felt we were speaking too loudly when we adjusted our volume to be able to hear one another. Cute interior, lots of things to look at- even caught sight of an Asian couple leaving the upstairs portion following a wedding dinner. The elevator was pretty cool also.  Coupon was for savings with purchase of a combination- date got one with a decent selection and I got the rainbow roll, and we picked at one another's food. I also got a salad (not so great) and the miso soup (which included lots of tofu, for some people that's a plus).  Fish was fresh and roll was tasty, which may have converted my date- he added a spider roll to our order, which was also fresh and delicious. Date had an entire bottle of sake to himself, which he ordered before realizing I was not going to partake- he enjoyed it but it's not quite my thing. I did, however, have a margarita on the rocks, which seemed like an odd selection but went well with the light fish meal. Waitress and the other server girl walking around were both very sweet and made limited but polite conversation with us. Loved the authentic kimono uniforms. Sushi menu was a little limited from what I am used to at home, which surprised me, but it was a small place within a larger restaurant, so perhaps that is why.
4	A really good sushi bar in this tro of asian restaurants in the Benihana Village.  I had lunch here during CES week and despite the large crowds, service was still very good and the food outstanding.
4	Ate here while staying at the LVH for work. (Dined here twice)I had a coupon deal for a free Sake with a meal.Sushi was good, I had the Salmon and Spicy Tuna Rolls. Not bad, server were really friendly and dress in japanese attire.Place is located in a cool asian atmosphere, dim lighted, bridge, water fall, and koi pond. Plus every hr there is a firecracker light shows with sound that goes off.I'll be back if i'm ever stay at the LVH again.
3	I was dining alone last night and sushi sounded like a great option.  The wait for a table was quite long, but being alone I was allowed to grab a spot at the sushi bar.  I've eaten here twice before, and it's always good.  The fish is very fresh and well prepared.  I had mackerel, salmon, and the onion soup.  Not very much food, but I'd traveled all day and just wanted a light meal.  It was tasty and satisfying for what I wanted.  I'd rate it 4 stars, but the service was TERRIBLE.  The maitre' d didn't seat me, just said go ahead, which caused some confusion because the place is like a maze and the server didn't come help me for quite some time.  Once she did, my meal was delivered relatively quickly, but I had to ask for chopsticks and a dipping tray, the server never refilled my water, and I had to remind her twice that I'd asked for my check.  As other reviewers have said, it's a bit pricey for sushi, but ya gotta remember... this is Vegas baby!
2	I ate here because I was tired and I am staying at the LVH.  I sat at the sushi bar but it is waitress service.  The sushi chef was rude. It took a long time before someone talked to me. I ordered sashimi dinner.  Came with soup and salad. Salad dressing looked like mealy baby food and was sour with no other flavor.  The soup had fried onions it it so it was greasy.  Sashimi was mediocre... I ordered a flight of sake. Got a grainy, bitter nigori, plus wine (not sake) and some other sweet sparkly sake... Took a sip of each and did motif ish any of them. Expensive $54 with tax and tip...no better than Sushi Boy.
3	I hate to admit it, but I'm guilty of being a bit of a sushi fan. I was planning to wait until I got back home to New York but my cousin recommended this restaurant to us. I've been spoiled since I went to Narita, Japan for the summer. For those of you who are as obsessed with finding some good fancy none AYCE sushi places with class, this is the place to bring someone if you got the pockets. What you get here is 5 star atmosphere with a  2.5 star food and 3.5 stars for service. Amazing is just a word, and it really can't describe the design of the restaurant. Teru Sushi is located within LVH along with 888 Noodle Bar and a Hibachi restaurant. They have a myojin torii (japanese spiritual architecture) along with a waterfall and pond display as the center piece of the restaurants. What we ordered and the price!Salad: $4 Miso Soup: $4Sushi/Sashimi Plate $24Lobster Roll: $19Shrimp Crunchy Roll: $12Las Vegas Roll: $12The salad is crisp green, carrots, tomatoes in ginger dressing with A LOT of salt! The salad seem to have been washed with salt water. I love my food to be salty but this was a overstatement for the salad. Will avoid this when coming here. The miso soup was nothing special and was pretty standard. The Sushi/Sashimi plate differ depending on the chief. According to the menu "chef selection of fresh sushi and sashimi served with rice." Since I worked in the restaurant business this means fish that are about to go bad or is bad and that need to be served ASAP. The sushi/sashimi plate was not the freshest sushi but it was not bad. The Lobster Roll was very decent but had very little lobster and a lot of crabmeat. Probably not worth the money to order this roll again. The  Las Vegas roll was spicy because of the large amount spicy mayo and sriracha that was on the sushi. Once you get some of the sauce off it is a decent roll to try. The roll that I will order again will be Shrimp Crunchy Roll. It also something for the none raw fish lovers. I will recommend the Shrimp Crunchy Roll and the Las Vegas Roll. Local (Nevada Residents get a discount) get a discount.
2	This place has very average sushi at best.. I'm staying at LVH and didn't feel like leaving so I decided to try it.  It was just ok.. If you are looking for fresh flavorful sushi then do not go here...
1	We arrived on a late Thursday night and had an absolutely dreadful meal for two sitting at the sushi bar.  The sashimi plate was small. The seaweed salad is frozen, not fresh, and the worst I can ever remember having.  The waitress served us our salad and miso soup after we had already ate the sushi because she said, "so sorry, they serve so fast."  They didnt serve it fast, you served slow.  It isnt hard to make a salad or miso soup quicker than someone else is making sushi.  Especially a salad that is just greens and dressing and a soup that is already made and just broth. The lobster roll for $20 is fake lobster.  We are sitting here in our room at the Hilton feeling sick afterwards.  Shame on you Benihanas for allowing such a sub standard sushi bar in your restaurant.
2	Very mediocre. The rice was way overly sweet and reminded me of grocery store sushi. In addition, the sushi was served room-temperature rather then cold. Will not go back.
3	I came here for dinner with my friends to prepare for a night of drinking we definitely needed to get those carbs in. We ordered a sashimi plate and some of their specialty rolls. The service was decent, and the sushi was ok. I'm not sure if I would go out of my way for this restaurant, but if I was staying at the same hotel I would. If you are staying in this hotel, check out the restaurant. ENJOY!
2	I've had better sushi from New York City delis. Even supermarkets. The rice was smushy, with no texture. Jiro would be sorely disappointed. A little under mediocre.
