1	Nice location but the staff did not tell us the previous renters were SMOKERS! Our unit stinks like an ashtray and there's nothing we can dobecause  not one employee said anything about it before we signed! Not very professional and it seemed like the lady who helped us was just trying to make a sale. Not an honest staff wouldn't recommend these apartments. I'm scared to find out what else they haven't told us. Always wait to see the unit before signing.
1	Stayed here twice (2006-2007, 2010-2011). The first time was actually quite a pleasant experience. Quiet neighborhood. Friendly staff. Clean apartment when I moved in.The second time, a totally different story. The apartment they gave me belonged to a former front office employee. The tub was dark (not cleaned). The kitchen was dirty. And I noticed screw holes that were patched over in the ceiling in the bedroom (3 holes, in 4 different places, corresponding to where a bed curtain would probably hang).Regardless, I cleaned the place up, and lived there. The neighborhood was noticeably more noisy (got to love calling 3-1-1 when your neighbor is having a 3am Tuesday night party).Stayed for 7 months, bought a house. However, I didn't get my security deposit back. When I asked why, they told me (not in writing, illegal) that it was because of the holes in the ceiling - THE VERY HOLES I had inherited.The money means nothing to me, it's the principle. Avoid at all costs. They didn't do right by me, a two-time resident in good standing, and they likely will not do well by you as well. Shop around. If you don't rent a house, rent a nice, newer apartment with a friendly staff, and make sure you take pictures of EVERY blemish in the apartment when you first take possession of it.
5	After the first week  living at the Clubs at Rhodes ranch apt, I was compelled to write this review. I am glad I decided to move here. I looked at most of the apartments from starting N.West to S.east. basically it contained Summerlin to Henderson area. This place is great. The staff was very efficient and friendly. Claire took care my paperwork without any delay or trouble. It's important to me because I was moving from out of town. She went out of her way to make sure my apartment was ready. Even I had to change moving dates, no problems. She changed my paperwork and adjusts the prorated rent. The day I moved in she couldn't be there but Shavonne took care the rest with ease, walk through was a breeze. There was a drip on the kitchen faucet, she schedule for maintenance next day. When maintenance guy mr.Z arrived promptly 10a.m and by that time drip already stopped yet He put new stuff anyway. They have assigned parking and 24h gated security.   I was using their free wifi at the office until mined get hooked up. I was doing my work and notice staff knows tenants by their first name. friendly atmosphere.  They also have movie rental free of charge, I didn't have the service turned on until end of my 1st week, thank god for those free dvds. I am in 1br. Apartment. its nice and big. It has high ceiling .  It's great. Washer/dryer works great. Has big working closet and big bathroom. I am loving it. it's close to everything, I must have gone to Wal-Mart 10 times.  There are bunch of other stuff like ross, tjmax, Marshalls. Groceries, CVS, Walgreen and Home depot.  Everything is in 2mile radius. What else do you need? There are 2 hospitals in 5min away. I am trying to think everything I was looking for when I was reading these reviews before I moved here. But trust me this is THE place to LIVE. I hope this helps.
4	I have lived here for four years and I love it.  My one bedroom apartment is one of the nicest apartments I have ever had. The only thing I don't like is that my parking space is not in front of my apartment. So I have to park in uncovered parking for convenience. Other then that it great.
4	I've been here for nearly a month and I love it! The staff is absolutely phenomenal!! Kudos to Jody who has assisted me since the beginning and Nicki who went above and beyond when in the process of getting approved. Those two ladies are amazing and very prompt!! The community is pretty quiet and well kept. The location is ideal, you are at the strip and airport within 15-20 minutes and it's right off of the freeway and next to a shopping center. Definitely happy with the decision I made.
3	I would love to write a better review. And, I'm new to Vegas and relatively new to apartment living, so please take that into consideration when reading this.The staff and maintenance could not be any better, quicker, more responsive and best of all, friendly. The pool area, in fact all the areas (green space) are super nice and kept up great. Too bad the sound of the gardeners are aways in the background, but oh, well.I have a service animal and they worked with me in the proper manner. I also rented sight unseen and like the area and upkeep of the grounds and stuff very much. For the most part, it is super quiet here. I am on the ground floor and I barely hear my neighbors walking or playing music upstairs. Oh - and as far as the area that I mostly frequent with my dog, everybody is good about picking up after their dogs and they have the appropriate stations, etc. Although they could do better about restocking the poop bags. I have to hoard them sometimes. :)The reason my review is less than stellar is the apartment itself, the cost and the view. I found everything clean when I moved in but was super surprised to find out there is NO LINEN CLOSET, much less a cloak closet, etc. I am single so I've gotten used to using a chest to hold my towels and linens but still.Security seems a bit hit and miss. Pest control is decent. My main objection to this particular unit (and there are a lot of us with the same view) is that I face the covered parking and when people walk by they are literally maybe only four feet away. I'm friendly and my dog is overly so (and by the way, they've been extremely patient with my mistakes with her. She cannot be let off leash for one second and has gotten away a few times.) But, if you want privacy, IDK if I'd live here unless you upgrade to a better view and it's available.Ok as I've written this review I've decided to upgrade my rating because, at this particular time, unless the rent goes up upon the renewal of my lease, the good out ways the bad.
