4	Classic Umami Burger joint.  Sports bar inside as well.  The burgers here were cooked well even as of opening day.  They had a hard time getting their logistics together but tried really hard.  Really great service here, especially by their manager Rachel, who went over the top for us here.  Get the regular burger, which is what they are known for.  Do medium rare.  It's juicy, slightly salty and tart, with plenty of beefiness.  Good service, good food - place some sports bets.  And thanks Rachel.
4	I've had the original Umami location in LA bookmarked for the longest time, and for whatever reason, we've just never had time to make it there when we're in town. So, when we booked our room for SLS, we knew Umami was definitely going to be one of our meals!This location inside the SLS is quite large. Not only is it a full service restaurant, but it's also houses the casinos sports book and a beer garden. There's quite a bit of seating throughout the location, but the way it's set up is weird and there seems to be no real uniformity. Alongside seating at the indoor bar, there's small tables, high-tops, and couches for the sports book. Then when you walk outside, you've got more picnic table style seating, and another fairly large bar that's got to be a good 50+ feet long. There's just a lot going on and depending on where you sit, you may not be able to order food or just sit down to enjoy a drink while watching the games. If you are coming strictly for the food though, they do offer text notifications so you can go gamble or do whatever while waiting for a table.Looking online, it seems like the menu is pretty much the same as at other locations, and there's a good amount of options too. If you're not feeling a burger, they have salads, "Un-Beef" sandwiches and even sausages. The sides are pretty typical for a burger joint and the fries can be customized in a handful of ways. There's 8 burgers to choose from and this Umami is no different from the others as their infamous no substitution rule is in full-effect. Although, they will let you request a different cooking temperature for the meat. Standard cooking temp is medium rare, just so ya know.We decided on an order of fried pickles to share, and I opted for the Truffle Especiale burger. Oddly enough, after receiving the order, our waitress told us that she wasn't a huge fan of the fried pickles. I couldn't disagree with her more as they were definitely some of the better I've had. The batter was thick, crunchy, flavorful and stuck to the pickle completely. It never fell apart and I liked that the pickle inside wasn't so hot that you couldn't eat it. Adding to the flavor was a nice side of jalapeno ranch that was creamy with just a touch of heat.Although a bit on the small side, my burger was equally impressive. If you're a fan of truffle, Umami does not disappoint! Topped with both truffle butter and truffle arugula, the flavor is immediately present without being overpowering. The arugula still had a nice crisp texture to it, and it coupled perfectly with the fried egg. Now, these guys are proud of their beef too...and rightfully so! The meat isn't smashed down like meatloaf and on it's own has hints of both sweet and salty flavors. It was juicy and cooked to a perfect medium rare. With all the commotion going around on their first day, I admittedly expected less than stellar service. That was far from the case and I thought the service was excellent. Apart from her expressing her hatred for the fried pickles, after we ordered them, our waitress was extremely friendly and even a little funny too. I appreciate that she knew the menu well and didn't hesitate to answer a single question. And not only was she on her game, but other servers were checking on us and every other table to make sure drinks were full, etc. The team work and overall ambience was just great!For a burger joint, the overall prices aren't horrible, but they aren't great either. My burger was $14 and even though I think this was more of a casino thing, I was pretty irritated about paying $5 for a soda. For 2 burgers, 2 drinks and a side, our bill was $55 with tip. I'm also not a huge fan of having all that stuff packed into one location. But the food and service were both very good and I definitely see myself coming back!
4	I've eaten at the Umami Burger in Santa Monica, CA and the one in Pasadena, CA so my Husband and I were crazy excited to see that one was coming to Las Vegas right next door to us!! The truffle burger is AMAZING! So juicy and bursting with flavor. If you like tater tots, order the cheesy tater tots. They're not on the menu though, they're a secret... Shhhh. My hubby and I agree the jalepeno ranch sauce is best with the tots. The other sauces are just ok.I took a star away, because online it said they weren't taking reservations until September 1st. But when we walked into the dining area, after about a 40 minute wait, all of the booths were reserved. The waitress  was nice though!
5	Umami Burger has always been  on my top 3 fave burgers. They only opened yesterday but it felt like they were already opened for quite a while! Our server Ben is super friendly and has answered every single question  that we have! If you have kids with you, you will need to stay on the left side because the sports book and bar is on the right. As for the burgers...they did not disappoint. Perfect as always! No need to drive to California for an umami burger fix! Will definitely go back to try the exclusive items they have on the menu!
3	Came to Umami Burger for the first time since they opened here in Vegas to eat and have some drinks. Ahi Tuna Caesar Salad - Good, perfectly seasoned. Fried Pickles - Nice and crispySloppy fries - Good flavorSweet Potatoe Fries - Crispy outside, soft inside, sweetOriginal Burger - Was just OK. Nothing great about it. Lacked flavorHatch burger - nicely seasonedCali Burger - OKMint cookie ice cream sandwich - refreshing, chocolate cookie was warm and soft. Mint ice cream was nice n mintyPeanut Butter Ice cream sandwich - Too peanut buttery for my tasteService was great. Very attentive with good recommendations. Food was just ok to me. Nothing too special for me to go out of my way to come back. I along with many other people prefer Bachi Burger lol
4	Amazing burgers! Left us wanting more. Meat was extremely fresh and the burger buns were soft with a toasted outside. We also had the ice cream sandwiches which were fantastic. All and all, great experience.
3	Tired Umami Burger when I was in LA so when u heard it opened up here in Vegas I had to try it.Food was same taste as the one in LA so consistency was good. The only thing that bothered me was the drinks were pretty expensive. I don't mind paying 6-8 on an alcoholic drink but it was $12. I would come back however, I would just drink water or soda cuz the alcoholic drinks are too expensive. It prolly was busy but the waiter was neither nice or rude. She was basically doing her job. Nothing really stood out on the customer service.
3	Original burger is pretty good. Bun is a tad dry. Onion ring is well executed but nothing special. But the house ketchup is a must try.  The pork belly kimchi hot dog is downright disgusting.  It's too salty and tastes like eating week old feet.  (This is coming from someone that loves kim chi.) Service is just so so. It took them a long time to clear my dirty plates and there's hardly anyone in this restaurant.
4	Came here opening day last Saturday! Located on the left side of the casino if you're coming in from the main entrance of the SLS Casino. Party of 3 lunchtime wait was about 45 mins. Leave your name & # w the hostess, get your gambling on, & they'll txt you when the table's ready. Cocktails are $13. The mule that I ordered was alright. Seeing that it was opening day, I'm sure the kinks will be tweaked out. Ordered the Royale ($15). Consisted of braised short rib, truffle aioli & truffle cheese on a med-rare burg. Taste and consistency were pretty on point from my usual go-to locations here in LA. Never had the short rib before so that was a nice tasty addition. Sweet potato fries ($4) were good as well. They had all the sauces displayed out on a plate per usual w the small pho spoons. Service was good. Each booth has a tv that in the future, you'll be able to request a channel change for a certain game I'm sure. Layout of the place is nice. Very open w a lot of tv's & a small lounge area in the middle of the restaurant that reminded me that there's an actual sports book in the restaurant. **PSA*** NO tots for at least a week!! Was very sad to find that out when I was there. Reason given from the waiter was that the training of the cooking staff had to be perfected before "secret menu" items were brought out. That also means no burger special for a while too. Overall, it's your usual Umami burger restaurant w the sports book addition. Great burgers w a lot of other menu options as well. If you can't get to LA or NYC, this location will def get the job done for the Umami fix. ENJOY!!
4	New favorite dipping sauce... Jalapeno Ranch. Omg Delicious. Umami Burger is a nice place I have to say.  I really enjoyed the interior layout. There are a lot of TV's, nice open bar area, and everything is new and clean looking. The staff is very very pleasent.  Everyone has a smile on their face.  One thing that perplexed me was when we arrived (Like 9 at night) they told us there was a 30 Minute wait for a table... as I looked into the dining room it looked empty? I am assuming they didnt have enough servers on for the late hour? (Thus the 4 Stars)However we were told that we could go out to the beer garden area thats open aired to the strip for immediate seating if anything was available. The outside bar area is fantastic! Very modern looking, plenty of seating.  Very artsy with the lighting. Shout out to Chris the bartender.  He was extremely nice, and took care of our needs.  Our drinks did not go empty. They have this Frozen Beer there.. ask about it. It's simply genius.
4	The food would be 3 stars but the service made it 4 stars.   Our cute waitress Tashja made the meal.  Super friendly and personable, but best of all she knew the menu and made great suggestions.  The North Boulevard drink was Yummmm...pretty dangerous because you couldn't taste the alcohol but could tell more than one would get you pretty messed up.  Like happy lemonade.  Fried Pickles were great, super crunchy.  I had the Ahi Tuna burger...yes, I went to a burger joint for tuna.  It was very good.  Hubby had Turkey burger which he thought tasted a little weird.  Just eh.Sandwiches are definitely not very big as others have said.
2	It was okay... Nothing to get excited about. I love a good burger but this was just lacking in flavor for the price. The tempura onion rings were spot on though!
5	Phenomenal !!!! Im impressed, great food And extraordinary service, you can tell those guys love their job, everyone is super friendly, we were greeted by the manager at the door, super friendly, he walked us to our table and offered some of their craft beer. Also suggested an appetizer. Yes i will be back!
1	Not very diverse staff and horrible service they should try and pick better employees, i will never go back. Food was ok i get better food at red robin
3	We have been to the SLS a couple times since it first opened...we are locals and wanted to see the new property.Umami is an interesting space.We had the fried pickles...very fresh..very crispy...good flavor.I had a caesars salad...it was okay...needed more dressing.For dinner I had a turkey burger....again it was okay...tye bun was delicious the burger itself needed more flavor.Our server was knowledgeable and very efficient. She is the reason I will give it a second chance.
3	I was really excited to try this place out. Burgers are one of my favorite food groups and I am always interested in trying something new. This place was just so-so however. Pros: the meat in the burgers is really well cooked and super juicy. The beer cheese on the manly fries is superb. I also really liked the sweetness of the Umami ketchup. Cons: too much bun in top and not enough on the bottom. The buns get really really soggy. The fries also get pretty soggy from all the sauce they put on them. Flavored were very good, but in all aspects I have had better. It's a solid restaurant though. The wait staff was very attentive and friendly and food came out quickly. I'm just not crazy about any if that food.
3	I had high expectations for this place, but it didn't live up to the hype.  For a 35 minute wait and having to sit out in the heat (even though the were many empty seats inside) the food was not worth it.  I guess they don't realize how many great burger places we have in vegas.  Food quality I'd say was better then fast food, but just a bit better then In and Out burgers.  Compared to some place like Bachi Burger, this place seems average. Our server was a sweet heart, but I think she was assigned to cover too many tables.  I felt bad for her because I could see her trying to give every one attention but just not being able to keep up.  She wasn't slow either. She was quick and accurate, but there were just too many tables. I have to imagine that the LA location must be better then this.
3	30-45 minute wait, food didn't live up to the hype. The nice thing about it is that it has sports book
2	I have been looking forward to this burger experience for quite awhile, and sadly I was let down.  We actually didn't even get our burgers.  Apparently they lost our ticket!?  Seemed disorganized from our arrival...  Twenty minutes waiting for a table in the restaurant, but noticed at least six tables wide open.   They will text you when your table is ready, which I think is cool.   Sat down, got the beverages in a pretty timely manner.  Fried pickles were tasty, full spears served with a garlicky jalapeno ranch sauce (too runny, but flavorful).   Then it just went downhill.  Our order of Cali Burger, Manly Burger and Manly Fries seems simple enought, right?   Well about 15 minutes after our pickle app, our fries arrived (very delish thin fries with beer cheese and bacon!).    Burgers should come out at the same time or shortly thereafter, right?   Waiting....waiting....fries gone... Have been there for an hour now....no burgers.  Got tired of waiting and just left frustrated.  Staff was apologetic, and Management offered to comp a full meal for us and our friends on the next visit, which I appreciate.   I'm not rushing to get back, maybe give it a month or more to iron out the kinks.
2	This is a sit down restaurant that I thought would be amazing since it's new, but my experience include a bunch of drunk guys next to us and very bad service.The food took forever just for three burgers and it wasn't even busy. When we got our burgers, one of the orders was wrong. It's expensive for really tiny burgers. The lady also took my water and never came back with more water. Literally, they kept offering us free food to make up for their mistakes... it was pretty sad.I don't think I would ever come back for a "better experience" as the waiter told me.
2	I was really looking forward to this place. Heard great things about their Los Angeles location. It didNot live up to the hype. Ordered my burger medium and it was deliver cold. In addition we waited 25 minutes to be seated in an empty restaurant and couldn't get a booth even though they were all empty and everyone that got seated after us got a booth. Weird level of service. They better get their act together because we have many options for burgers that are actually good.
1	Horrible. Horrible service. We're staying at SLS and decided to come here for lunch.. Wish we hadn't wasted our time. We come in, and it's not busy at all. We ask for a booth for 4 people, they seat us in a booth made for probably about 10. Huge table. Really? We asked for a smaller one but the hostess or whoever told us, "Well they're all dirty so.." there were at least 5 dirty empty booths at the time so I asked if they could clean one maybe? Hostess seemed irritated that I god forbid even asked of such a thing.. and told us that if we wanted to wait that we could. .. ok.. So we waited for them to clean the table. And waited. And waited. They finally do and we go to sit at the smaller booth, and one of the servers tell us "uh, somebody is going to be sitting here..." we replied "yeah, us." Totally rude. Eh, whatever. We get our drinks after waiting for at least 7 minutes for anybody to even realize we exist. From the busser. The server comes later to finally ask what we want. We order, and I'm watching the tables around us being sat.. at least 3 tables we all watched being ignored. Waiting at least 10 minutes to even get acknowledged. Are you kidding me?One table ordered champagne, and the server didn't even know how to open the bottle. Had to take it into the back. The customers seemed confused. The people at those tables were still waiting to order food, looking around for anybody to help.. seriously there's so much to type but I can't even deal with writing the rest right now. Just irritating that customer service has gone down the CRAPPER.
1	Was curious to try this restaurant, but should have taken the advice of previous reviewers and skipped it.  Service started out a bit slow and went downhill from there.  I had the original burger and hubby had the royale.  He said his was pretty good, but mine had zero flavor.  Thank goodness the fries were salty - at least it was some flavor!  Had to borrow the ketchup from the next table as we could not find someone to bring us any.  Our waitress didn't even come to check on us until we were nearly done.  Wasn't offered a refill on my tea until they brought the check.  The table next to us seemed to have issues with their experience as well.  For the money, there are far better places in Las Vegas.  Sticking to Bachi Burger!
2	For starters I will say our service was great. Our server was very attentive ( even though she had too many tables to juggle). The food and restaurant in the other hand was not a good experience. The food was decent but very small portions. A burger fries and drink plus desert still left me hungry. Not to mention way over priced ! $5 for a soda. The burger was decent but nothin to rave about. There are too many burger places in Vegas that are much better and most cheaper. I wouldn't waste your time with umami burger.I will say the ice cream sandwich was delicious though ! Even for $7
5	I was invited out to dinner tonight at Umami Burgers inside the SLS Hotel & Casino. The atmosphere was typical until our server Abbi reached our table. Her smile got there before she did and her personality fit right in with our group of 8 as she became our ninth dinner guest. With a very professional demeanor and a bit of plain down home hospitality made our dining experience so pleasurable we will be back with more friends and asking for Abbi again!! Well done.
2	Terrible service, okay food, good drinksUmami Burger is basically a poor man's Bachi Burger, or a dressed up overpriced burger where you over pay because it is on the strip.  Combine this with a total lack of competent service, and you're in for a disappointing night.  As to the service, SLS apparently stands for "Style, Luxury, Service," but Umami Burger contorts that to "Severely Lacking Service."  If you're local, eat at Bachi Burger before going to the SLS and you'll get a superior burger at better prices.  While I can appreciate that the restaurant just opened and it may be working out the kinks, the service was incredibly disappointing.  To top it off, a marketer for the restaurant went to the adjacent table to see if they were locals to give them information about local specials.  When we looked at her to catch her eye, she just looked at us, then ignored us, and walked away.  This was pretty much on par with the terrible service we also had from our server who had nothing but attitude and rarely came back to check on the table.  That said, the server was cognizant enough to smile and tell us that she hoped we had a great dining experience when she was dropping off the check.  Umami Burger, you just lost 8 customers who will never eat at  your establishment again.  From looking at the other reviews, it looks like you will be alienating your future customers.  At least you're consistent.
1	We were so excited to try a restaurant at SLS. What a letdown. Terrible service. The waitress never came by the table after the food was brought out so we couldn't inform her that our burgers were cold and our orders were wrong. Our drinks hadn't been refilled at all. You'd think at $8 a beer they'd at least offer to get you another one. I know they're new, but at $15 a burger, they should have great service to compensate.
1	Gross! Diva chefs won't accommodate minor requests .. All I wanted was different onions!!! Bland, tasteless and plain boring!Worst feeling.. Leaving a restaurant hungry
5	I simply love this place. The truffle burger w thin fries were delicious. The treatment & experience were phenomenal. I highly recommend icoming here & will definitely come back. Thanks to our waiter, Kevin, who was awesome & the lady manager who took care of us!
1	Terrible experience! This review is for the bar only. Came to the SLS on opening weekend. Went up to the bar that was facing the casino because there were too many people at the main bar. It wasn't too crowded but I stood there for a minute while the douchey bartender flirted with the girls sitting at the bar and poured them free shots. He took my drink order, told me one price then charged my card for a greater amount. When I questioned him he rudely stated "Well I guess I just told you the wrong price." After me expressing that this was not an acceptable answer he proceeded to say "what do you want me to do, give you your money back?" Then pulled a few dollars out of his wallet and threw them at me. Having been to the SLS in Beverly Hills, I was definitely not expecting this type of service. I really expected better and hope that they improve.
4	I'm familiar with this place from Los Angeles.  I had great service when I came.  They were a little out of sorts/ unorganized but it was opening weekend so I expected some hiccups. I like the burgers. The manly fries are killer. Ice cream sandwich with mint chip was good as well.  I'm sure you could probably customize some burgers to your liking if the menu items don't tickle your fancy.I will definitely come back.
4	Great place to have a spectacular burger. Loved. Will be coming back!!!! Ask for Mandy, one of Vegas top 10 servers!
5	This place is amazing! Out bartender, Melissa was cute, funny and extremely knowledgable. Not only were our burgers she recommended amazing, but she knew her beers too! The red IPA she suggested after I started with a Firestone IPA, was awesome. It was a busy Sunday, and she was making drinks non-stop for all the waiters AND helping half the bar. I was really impressed by how flawlessly she handled it all. I'm used to bartenders in Vegas just wanting to up sell you and take your money, but here the staff is so friendly, and just seem interested in making sure you have a great time. Will definitely be coming back here for football on Sundays with Melissa! Also, I've read some reviews about the burgers being too small? They are perfect sized, especially if you get a side of the amazing manly fries. They have so much flavor too! That's why most Americans are overweight, because they want to eat 3 serving sizes for 1 meal!
3	So I've been wanting to check out this place since it opened, I've been craving a burger and I live right across the street. Finally got the chance to tonight. I sat right at the bar off of the casino. I didn't get a chance to look inside the main restaurant but from what I could tell it looked nice. They have an outside bar as well but I wanted to be inside. Anyway, critic time.....so maybe I sound fussy cause I'm sure some people could care less but I like beer, especially corona. It was served from a can poured into a glass, I hate canned beer. Bottle over can any day of the week. I don't know if all beer is like this but I love bottled corona and HATE canned, there is a huge difference to me. Drank half, pushed away, ordered the jasmine margarita which was good and got rid of the nasty beer after taste. Ordered the truffle fries, really good taste but close to cold. I know I said I've been craving a burger so I don't know why I ended up ordering the tuna burger, but i went there. Tuna burger was good, but not a lasting memory. Time for food and drink was efficient and my servers were both really nice. I would try this place again, and get a regular burger next time. I'll be back since there my neighbors. Lol  Oh and I also wish I could leave a half a star. I would give it 3 and 1/2.
5	Food was delicious, excellent service. Don't believe any of the negative reviews, us locals thoroughly enjoyed it.  Loved it!
5	Why are so many people hating on this place? From the moment we stepped in, the service was impeccable. Our server clocked us as locals...make sure they know you're a local (if indeed, you are). Apps were delicious. Onion rings and truffled fries are "da bomb." 2 tips:1) you must order your burger poutine style. You'll thank me I promise. 2) I don't know what a bacon lardon is, but I want it in me every day of my life from now on!I had: smushed potatoes, manly burger poutine style and maaaaaaaaybe a mule and cucumber drink thing. They're both good. Get them. Enjoy!
2	I'm not a fan of Umami when I tried it a few times in L.A. years ago. My sister has never been and I can't say no to a free meal with family. You have to reserve a table (what?) or open-seating at the bar. I'd much rather stay at home and do homework than be here but since my sister already went out of her way to reserve a table, I showed up anyway.Random thoughts: their house ketchup tastes like Filipino spaghetti; you only get 3g or protein per 100g (1 cup) of mushrooms which does not meet my protein needs therefore, I must stick with beef patty; I have low expectations of Umami Vegas thanks to Umami L.A.; Umami beer garden???; Umami buns look huge but press to deflate; they'll give you 4 different sauces: 1 spicy, 1 ranch, 1 garlic aioli that doesn't taste like garlic at all and house ketchup.The Original:House ketchup, parmesan frico, shiitake mushroom, roasted tomato and caramelized onion. The frico adds crispness to an otherwise boring burger. 3/5The Royale:Braised short rib, truffled aioli and truffle cheese. Again, not truffle-y enough. The short rib was a nice touch. 3/5Truffle Burger:Truffle cheese, truffled aioli and truffle glaze. Sounds like a lot of truffle but it sure didn't taste like it. It had a hint of truffle and that's it. 3/5Truffle Fries:I've had way better truffle fries elsewhere. The fries were soggy and lacked truffle flavor.  Get the smushed potatoes instead. 1/5Sweet Potato Fries:Sprinkled with sweet salt. This goes well with the spicy dipping sauce and the house ketchup. 3.5/5Mies Vanilla Rohe:Tahitian vanilla bean ice cream in between chocolate chip cookies. The cookie itself wasn't that great. The ice cream was ordinary. Hello, cavities! 2.5/5At least in L.A. I've gotten better service, food was a bit quicker and my drink glass was never empty. Umami is a casual dining place but calling it a sports bar/beer garden and having that atmosphere is just blah. Flat screens everywhere with different football games on and Criminal Minds = headache! There are other better burger places in Vegas.
5	I don't understand why this place got horrible reviews! Since we stepped in, the service was over the top. Our waitress was very friendly and takes her time to explain the menu. I ordered truffle fries and cali burger. I fell inlove!!! I love the unique taste. Makes me want more and more! Our glasses of water never got empty. For dessert we had salted caramel and peanut butter ice cream sandwich. Both were very good! I will definitely come back!!!!
1	Ordered to go and they had you wait standing by the reception desk,didn't even offer you to sit down..waited for 1/2 hour standing.My daughter was disappointed for the small burger she ordered.
5	Amazing burgers for less than the average price!  Be sure to truffle your fries---it's ridiculously good!
4	I was lucky enough to have Umami Burger via Room Service, so I can't really speak to the service. As for the delivery guy, he was super friendly, and the food came quickly.I ordered the Truffle Burger Royal (the one with the egg on top), the sweet potato fries, and the pickle platter.  Everything was just the right size, not too small, and not too large where you feel like death afterwords.  The fries were a little cold, but delicious. Really delicious.  Plus the temperature was totally forgivable, given the fact that I was able to enjoy them in the privacy of my hotel room.I found the burger to be something truly special, and would order it over, and over again if I could.  The meat was perfectly cooked, the egg was perfectly runny, and the compilation of ingredients was quite spectacular.The only reason I can't give Umami Burger 5 stars, is because much like other people, I found the ketchup to be pretty gross.  I don't understand the reason for that exact recipe, or consistency, but I felt like it actually took away from the meal, rather than added to it. I'm a pretty big stickler for ketchup, so I really hope they decide to go another route.
3	I understand why this particular Umami has horrible reviews, but the umami burger I ordered was delicious ( albeit small ) We came here for lunch time around 11:30 am, and waited about 30 minutes to be seated which I thought was ridiculous since the restaurant was not crowded at all. My group had 7 people so we were told beforehand that we would be charged addtl. gratuity which usually I don't mind but when we received the bill I saw that we were charged 20% which is ALOT! especially when the server freaking forgot our umami fries even though I checked with her twice that I had put in 2 orders of umami fries. I ordered the umami especiale truffle burger, and we also shared the umami fries, fried pickles, and sweet potato fries.  I especially love the ketchup that they have here, it is the only ketchup that I will eat.  The sweet  potato fries and fried pickles weren't particularly worth it, since they only give you 6 spears of pickles for $6 so $1 per pickle wtf. Service just took way too long, and it was pretty obvious the staff did not know what they were doing. I wouldn't mind the price for this restaurant if only the burgers were a little bigger.  I usually cannot finish an entire burger but at Umami I always can. P.S. ONLY umami with a full bar.
5	Went on a Saturday night and had a great time! Our group was made up of exclusively of locals, and after checking our ID's the waitress brought us free apps on the house! Not too many places give out nice little extras for locals, let alone point it out to them. Very much appreciated the quality service from hostess booth to the table.I got the choose-for-me combo with beer. For $22.50, you get an entree, fries, and a beer. After being assured I was not going to receive a Stella or Bud Light, I went ahead and gave it a shot. Was glad I did!I received even more sweet potato fries (one of the apps we initially got, along with truffle fries and onion rings), which were seasoned just right with brown sugar and salt. The entree was the Hatch Chili Burger, and living around Carlito's Burrito's I love them and this burger! Was well cooked, chilis were well roasted, and the bun on the burger was just firm enough to hold things together, add some texture, but not get in the way. Finally, the complimenting beer was Old Chub Scotch Ale, a pretty good micro-brew. All in all, loved the pairing, and look forward to ordering the dining world's equivalent of the "I'm feeling lucky" button again soon.
4	Umami: nouna category of taste in food (besides sweet, sour, salt, and bitter), corresponding to the flavor of glutamates, especially monosodium glutamate. ???I wasn't sure what Umami meant, so my assumption was that this was going to be an Asian fusion burger. Nope, this is just a straight up burger with truffle oil randomly thrown in the mix. C'mon, you were thinking the same thing when you heard the name, "Umami Burger". I came here with some friends and we started this meal off with a cornucopia of deep fried, carb loaded appetizers, Mmm Mmm my favorite. First up, the "Smushed Potatoes" these were ok, but a tad flavorless. They look like a mini-baked potato and be careful when eating, I tried putting a whole one in my mouth and nearly lit my tongue on fire. These little pockets of heat are best cut in half and dipped in Umami house ketchup, which I liked a lot. It's ketchup, but with a mix of truffle oil and something spicy. We also ordered sweet potato fries and tempura fried onion rings. The sweet potato fries were cooked perfect, crispy and soft and the tempura coating on the onions was light, flaky and not too heavy. Overall, deep fried goodness. On to the star of the show. I ordered the Truffle Burger, the hat trick of truffle oil infused beefy eats. This burger has; truffle aioli, truffle cheese, and coated in a truffle glaze. This burger was super juicy and full of flavor and honestly didn't need any sauce assistance, but I still dipped it once or twice in a mixture called, "Diablo Sauce"? Plus the bun was super soft, like dissolving in your mouth soft. Cute side note, they adorn each bum with the letter, "U" which in the words of Ralph Wiggum stands for, "Umm-believable". After the burger entered the equation I completely forgot about the side dishes and went full carnivore. To finalize the meal, like any good eater, we ordered and shared a dessert. This was an Ice Cream Sandwich. A snicker-doodle cookie with caramel ice cream filing. Sooooo good, a must order! - Was this the best burger I ever had? Nope. - Was it tasty and satisfied me? Yes- Would I come back? Maybe. Every once in a while. Umami is good, but the prices are a little high for a burger place, but If you haven't been here yet it's definitely worth a try if you're any kind of burger loving American. Cheers.
3	Have been a fan of umami burger for awhile now since I've been to the California locations so I was ecstatic when they opened one here in Vegas. We were given the option on sitting inside or outside and our hostess recommended that we sit outside since they had multiple televisions. We were seated very quickly. It took about maybe 10 minutes for them to ask what we would even like to drink, it wasn't even crowded either. Unacceptable. Took about another 10 minutes to actually get the waters and order our food. So all in all it took 20 minutes to place our order, crazy.We both ordered the royale burger and my friend got the sweet potato fries while I got the truffle fries. The food was brought out in a timely manner, surprisingly! They bring out 3 different selection of sauces that were phenomenal. The royale burger was pretty tasty but I do like the truffle burger a little better. The truffle fries never disappoint and the sweet potato fries were good, but nothing mind blowing.When we got the check we instantly paid and left. The meal was very pleasant just like California locations, just kinda wish the customer service was up to par like the other ones. I will be back in the future with the hope that the service will be better.
5	Very good. Perfect. I got the greenbird and it hit the spot! The best part was gambling while you eat and the blackberry mojito got me the perfect buzz.
4	Great Original burger. Such a great taste. Could come with fries or something. But it is a great burger. The bartender Christine was fantastic. Its not often you find an employee who champions their employers products. I didn't really even want the original burger. She sold me on it and it was fantastic. GREAT BURGER.
5	I rarely order my burgers medium rare, but the meat is so fresh I did. The "manly burger" was so delicious! Definitely gourmet! It had caramelized onions and bacon! The tempura battered onion rings and sweet potato fries were really good too! They make all the dips in house. Even the ketchup! Our server, Courtney was incredible! She was fun and easy on the eyes! Also, she recommended the caramel ice cream sandwich! Soooo good. Imagine a snicker doodle caramel ice cream sandwich. Good atmosphere. Outdoor seating is cool too. I'll be back.
5	I don't know what's these other morons are doing talking about customer service it's a burger place.....  It is new....happens to be in the sports book with a good patio/beer garden area, and I had by far the best french fries ever, the truffle fries....and one of the better burgers I've ever had ....and it's tough for me to say something is better than burger bar but my Royale burger with short rib on top just is right there, I will go back and I will give the burger another try because it was as good as it was today it's by far the best burger I've and made me write my first review it was that good
3	I heard such amazing things about this place and then was underwhelmed...sad face.  Maybe I put too much anticipation into the restaurant.The menu is small, and all of the burgers sound delicious.  I got the Classic, but when it arrived, I was surprised at the size of the burger (read: small).  Having been to Bachi Burger and Burger Bar and even Yard House, for the $12 price tag of the Umami Burger, I was expecting a nice, huge, messy burger.  But it was about the size of a McDonald's double cheeseburger.  Worse, my burger was dry and flavorless.  My husband got a burger with beer cheese, bacon, and all sorts of stuff on it, and that one in contrast did have a lot of flavor.And then came the fries.  When you order "smothered fries" you expect them to be SMOTHERED.  What we got was a little bit of gravy in the middle of the bowl and dry short rib on top of that.  I mean...put the gravy on top of the short rib to keep it moist.  It was hardly smothered in anything.Things I did love: the patio has great misters and a great environment, our waitress was wonderful and perky and attentive, and the jalapeno ranch.  Oh damn that jalapeno ranch is good.One last note.  I ended up getting a tequila based cocktail for $13 (yes, that's right, the cocktail was more expensive than the burger).  When we went next door to The Sayers Club, the EXACT SAME cocktail was $18.  As a whole, I think the SLS hotel has the most expensive drinks on The Strip, and I was shocked at the mark up from one restaurant to the lounge just next door.
1	Terrible service, cold food, nothing compared to Bachi Burger. Sweet potato fries are cold and soggy, and the manly burger tasted like it was sitting out for 20min before they brought it out. The only reason this place gets one star is because they have decent beer.
1	First time here and it's so loud you have to yell across the table if you want to talk also you can't hear the waitress and they can't hear you very poor atmosphere, probably will not come back I don't like that I have to yell just to talk at dinner. Very disappointed for my first time here.
5	Living in Los Angeles, Umami Burger at The Grove was my favorite burger joint. The truffle burgers are amazing! Also the truffle fries.I got the B.U.B. this time, although it was really good, I still absolutely love the truffle burger. Service here was fast and friendly. Our server Matthew was always there to take care of us, and our food came out fast. As good as this place is, it's not as great as the location in The Grove. I feel like I'm at a sports bar but I guess this place is a sports bar too. In Los Angeles the Umami Burger feels more upscale. I'm still giving this place five stars because as I've said, service is fast, friendly, and the burgers are so yummy!
1	Not worth the money.This was the first place I found to eat when my husband and I got to Vegas and I was starving!  Issue one was it was $12 for just a burger, and fries or any other side that would normally come with the burger at any other place was a seperate cost. It took forever for the food to get to the table and when it did my burger was missing the Portobello mushroom.  It took me several mins to find anyone who noticed me to tell them about the mistake and by that time my husband had finished his burger. When i showed them about the mistake they pointed out two tiny black chunks and said that was the Portobello and it just comes with one mushroom... this was highly insulting so I explained i wasn't going to pay $12 for a burger that didn't come as ordered so she went in the back and brought out 2 Portobello mushrooms. The burgers them selves are nothing to write home about, honestly I could get a better burger at red robins or fuddruckers and pay less. Due to the issue the waitress comped our drinks which was really nice.
5	This place was fantastic! We stopped in by chance, and were blown away. My sister and I both ordered the Green Bird veggie burger they had. After a long night of drinking the night before, we wanted something light, that wouldn't upset our hangover. It was incredible, surpassed any expectations! The burger was a bit messy but that's not something I'm willing to call a complaint. Perfect texture, the portions were just what we needed, and friendly service! Very attentive. We are at the bar, so we could play while we ate, and even with drink orders coming in almost non stop, we were still very well taken care of. I never felt forgotten. Defiantly put this on your lists of stops! Just outstanding.
1	Bad, bad , bad! The burgers tasted frozen, the fries came out cold . The atmosphere was amazing but the quality of the food is some of the worst I have ever had. The allacart menu runs the ticket up. Which would be perfectly okay if the quality of the food matched it's price tag. 50 dollars later we couldn't believe we were paying for what we just had.
3	There a quite a few interesting items on the menu, from truffle burgers and fries, to gourmet sausages.I went for the Manly Burger and Smothered Fries (short rib and gravy on top of them).The burger arrived looking anything but Manly.  However, there were large pieces of bacon as advertised.  The fries had a large pile of short rib and a thin coat of gravy.  The burger was cooked perfectly and had a good flavor to it.  The bun was sturdy and overall, except for the size was a very good burger.  The fries were ok but by themselves were nothing to write home about.
1	Extremely annoying! I called to see what time they where open till that day and they said midnight. (Even thow yelp said 2am but I called to make sure). My friend and I took a cab there exited to go because we've never been but have heard about it. We arrived at 11:20pm and they said they where closed....are you fucking kidding me? After I SPECIFICALLY called to make sure this wouldn't happen. They didn't seem to care that I was lied to and my trip over was a total waste of my time and money. Boooooo! To bad I didn't get the chance to try the food to rate otherwise :(
5	I loved the service by staff and I received my meal quick. Plus it's in the sports book.
1	Visited today for lunch... there were 7 of us.  The food was just okay.  I had a truffle burger and we all shared side items including French Fries (shoestring fries that are HORRIBLE and cold), a house pickle plate that includes a variety of pickled items (carrots, mushrooms, beets, etc., also YUCK), and were supposed to share a plate of fried pickles which were forgotten and never brought to the table.  Aside from the crappy food, soda is served by the bottle (so be prepared to shell out $3 for each 12 oz bottle you drink).... and the real clincher: on top of the 20% gratuity they automatically added to the bill, they added AN EXTRA 20% SERVICE CHARGE simply for being a party of 6 or more.  Nope, sorry... never again!  Good luck surviving in SLS where the hotel smell alone made me want to vomit!
2	I wanted to like this place, because it's a very nice place to watch a game, with plenty of TVs and good view lines.But... the food!  Just not good enough.  The burgers are missing a key ingredient - taste!  Really overpriced, and the chef needs to figure out where to locate the seasoning.Lastly, I don't think the waiter every made eye contact with the group.  Flying around, all sweaty and gnarls.  I have been rushed out of nicer burger places (read: In N Out).Go for the game and a beer, leave before the burger arrives.
1	would have stayed to eat but game was so loud couldn't hear waitress talk. no dumb to scream at everyone at table. turn it down!
2	The sporting environment and TVs are nice and the outside seating area. That is all! Drinks are overpriced unless you like beer. I came to watch a football game and they don't have happy hour for the games. Beer only. Burgers are overpriced and average.
5	I enjoyed my dinner tonight! I rarely come to the strip...until now. Umami burger has not only THE best burger strip and the ambiance that has been created is top! The portion was perfect. I love a good patio and a good beer, this place has both! Ask to sit in Courtney's section, she took such great care of us! Her recommendations were on par. It was more than service but hospitality. Check out more photos on whofeedsyou.com.
5	Great service by Courtney! Awesome food. Great beer!! Management came by and said hello. Thank you Rachel for saying hello. I will come back for sure and have more!!!
2	Another trendy burger joint in an image, fad following Hotel. To say this is another dime a dozen burger joint is spot on.As a local, and a foodie in Las Vegas I don't usually subscribe to reviews that I read about restaurants until I experienced it myself. Well, apparently the reviews on this place are spot on. All I have to say is save your time and money and go to Bachi burger for a Wagyu burger for the same price as the smaller truffle burger you get here. Minimal flavor, and the portion sizes are very small. Much better quality at Bachi and the truffle fries are much to be desired. Also I could use a little less of the football Mongoloids at the sports bar. If we don't keep them honest they're are just going to keep churning out mediocre burger joints.I posted the burgers from this restaurant as well as Bachi burger, and you tell me which one looks better.
5	We decided to have dinner at Umami while checking out the SLS. We were promptly greeted, and our server came to take drink orders within moments.The service was really great. Friendly, attentive, but not smothering. Mandy had great suggestions for food and beer, and really made our experience fun and engaging, definitely ask for her. As far as the food, generally excellent. The burgers are unctious and full of the namesake flavor sensation, which I'm not sure some reviewers get. Meat is ground in-house (which yields a much better texture than typical compacted rubbery ground beef). The fries are underhwelming. They'd do better to switch to a hearty steak fry, especially since "manly" is a recurring theme on the menu. Contrary to the fries, the onion rings are thick cut, not encased in heavy batter, and are among the best I've had.Make sure you also have the Brooklyn Later, it's as winning as Nancy's service.
3	Umami is new, and it seems that it's just not my taste. Gourmet burgers, maybe, but not my style. Ambiance: 3 - Located in the Sports Book, Umami definitely has an active feel. It's loud and exciting, but not too busy..The place was organized, but the tables in the middle are TOO close together. We might as well have just pushed our tables together with strangers because it was basically like we were talking to each other. Someone please space the tables away from each other!!!! Service: 3 - Our server was sweet, but the service was great and fast in the beginning...but very, very slow at the end. Not too fun to be waiting 20-25 minutes just for the check! And there wasn't even that many people around. Food: 3 - Food was just okay. I got the Truffle Burger, Truffle Fries, and Onion Rings. It's a little sad and disappointing for me to announce that the best thing I ate was the onion rings..and maybe the sauces on the side they gave to us. I did not like how the truffle burger was just --drenched-- in truffle sauce. It made my entire meal soggy, and that's just not what a burger is about for me. I think if they go easier on the truffle sauce around here, people might like it better because it WAS actually a juicy and well-cooked burger. The truffle fries were way too salty. We had to constantly wipe salt off of ours. The truffle sauce and cheese that's on it is already pretty salty! Hopefully they will be subtle next time with that seasoning! When I had wine tasting classes, they taught us that umami was a balance of the tastes on your tongue. Yet, everything was either too salty or too soggy. Find a balance, and you'll get better reviews!
4	It was my first time at Umami and I was surprised at the scene upon arrival - loud and totally packed with football fans.  I did not realize that not only is it a restaurant and beer garden but sports book as well - and we were there the first Sunday of the football season.  I'm not a sports bar type of girl - I enjoy watching sports but from the comfort of my own couch :p  And it was too loud for my liking.  We were reserved a table inside but were shown a table outside and allowed to choose whether to dine inside or out.  The only tables available on the patio were out in the hot sun, so back inside we went!  It was very loud in there, and it looked like my sister and I were the only ones there for the food and not the games, but I couldn't complain being in a room full of guys and the 49ers game playing on all the TV's :pService was good and the food even better.  I ordered the Manly Burger (fitting for the day we were there lol) which is basically a bacon cheeseburger with onion strings.  My sister got the Truffle Burger, and we split some Tempura Onion Rings and Truffle Fries (like we couldn't get enough of them in our burgers lol).  I liked all the food, especially the burger and the onion rings - soooo good!  I was afraid the burgers were going to be on the smaller side - they look like sliders in pictures - but it was plenty of food.  I couldn't finish it all.  We split an ice cream sandwich for dessert, the one with snickerdoodle cookies and salted caramel ice cream.  I like both snickerdoodle cookies and salted caramel ice cream but this ice cream sandwich was just "meh."  Sounds great on paper but really not all that spectacular. While the dessert was underwhelming, overall I was definitely not disappointed by this place at all, and while I wasn't too sure about the loud sports bar atmosphere it ended up being a fun time :)
5	Sat at the bar, Christine the bar tender was very knowledgable and helped direct me to the beer that I would like the best. We ended up choosing the rogue dead guy. The tap itself was a skeleton which I thought was cool. Ordered the truffle burger, (very good but not heavy on truffle flavor) and the smothered fries which were BOMB. The bar tender kept good conversation with my friend and I and was always smiling. Flawless experience. I will be recommending  this place to others and will be returning
2	I was really disappointed!I had the Cali Burger. The meat patty was good, nice taste and quality. The rest of the burger was terrible. The roasted tomato is so wet it made the bun soggy and mushy. They do not have fresh tomato, fresh onion, or pickles...... this is a burger place, right?oh yeah, no regular ketchup or yellow mustard either.... you better like the unami sauces.... those are your only options here.
4	I didn't really know what to expect seeing the mixed reviews but once my boyfriend told me about this shortrib and truffle burger, I knew we had to make a visit. When we went on a Thursday around 10pm, there was no wait and only a few parties seated. Our server Charlie was awesome! Super friendly, had a great upbeat attitude and made sure we were well taken care of.Onto the food! I've never tried Umami Burger so I was surprised when they brought out four complimentary sauces: umami ketchup, jalapeno ranch, spicy diablo, and garlic aioli. All of them had great flavor and consistency. We also ordered the smother 'em fries, shoestring fries with shortrib and gravy and they were delicious! I  couldn't stop eating them with all the sauces and I usually never finish fries.To the main event! We both ordered The Royale medium rare, topped with short rib, truffle aioli, and truffle cheese. The truffle flavor was definitely there, but less than the Fungi Burger from Holsteins and I was surprised at the amount of short rib on it, it had a nice thick layer. At first glance though when they brought it, it looked kind of small but it was the perfect amount because of how thick and meaty it was! The only thing I didn't like was the bun. I'm a big fan of brioche buns and judging from the look I thought it was but when I took a bite it was kind of dry and tasted like basic white toast haha and also the bottom half got pretty soggy. Blehh it would've been perfect!Dessert time! I forgot to take pictures of the ice cream sandwiches but I liked the regular vanilla and chocolate chip cookie combo the best. The mint and double chocolate combo was a little too fresh and minty for me, like eating mouthwash lol and the peanut butter was alright, maybe if I was more a fan of peanut butter desserts I'd like it. I'll save my ice cream cookie sandwich craving for Sweet Addictions next time.Overall I really enjoyed my visit here, great customer service, and yummy food. Will definitely be back!Tip- the couches and booths can be reserved for game days, just call ahead! :)
5	Back at Umami watching my LIONS whoop up on the Jets! This is such a great place to watch the games and hang out outside w drinks and great food!! SO GOOD!!! Everything's coming up Lions today!!
3	Went to Umami for dinner. There were 3 of us, no alcohol, and the tab was $74 without tip just to give you an idea of the prices. Burgers are about $12, but do not come with any sides. I think that's the new trend following the lead of the pricey steakhouses. Everything is a la carte, so what you think is a $12 burger actually becomes a $15 - $20 burger once you add some fries or another side. I had the Manly burger with American cheese and bacon. The bacon chunks were tasty, crispy on the outside and chewy inside - just right. I was hesitant on trying this place because of the negative reviews. My burger was very tasty, meat cooked right, and overall and above average burger. My wife had the Original and she loved the Parmesan frigo on it. Her cousin had the Truffle Especiale.  He loves the fried runny egg on the burger. I should have added a fried egg on my Manly burger. That would have been awesome. I have an issue with them charging $5 for a soda. I don't even know if the soda is bottomless because they only serve bottles. A Pepsi is $5, really?  Desert is an average size cookie sandwich for $7. It was OK. We tried the salted caramel ice cream with snicker doodle cookie. Ambience - a sports bar with booths around the perimeter, and tables in the middle. Each booth had a small TV, but you can't control what is on your booth TV. That really doesn't make sense with all of the channels they have available. We wanted to watch a different game. The waiter made up some story that the "guy" with the remote was walking around and would change the channel to whatever channel we wanted. We never saw the "guy" with the remote. The people ranged in age and style from club goers having a bite to eat before hitting the club to an elderly group grabbing some burgers. There were some couples there as well. The middle of the floor has a living room type setup with large screen TVs and leather couches around some coffee tables. You can sit there and have a beer and burger, and bend down to eat over the coffee table like you do in your own living room. My wife didn't get it why there were a bunch of guys using the couches to eat. Gives you the opportunity to stand up and walk around if the game is stressing you out. Service - sub par. I think it was just our waiter. Everything was soooo slow with him. He spent 90% of his time standing in the kitchen. I could see his bald head through the window of the kitchen door while waiting for water, to order something, desert, the check, etc. I actually gave the lowest tip I have in a long time (15%). I usually give 20% without question, but wanted to make a point. Hopefully, he gets it. He was a very nice guy, just very frustrating to have to wait for him every time we needed something. Waiter, try walking around to your tables more and ask people how they are doing. Make yourself available. The restaurant is charging premium prices for burgers. The service should match. This isn't McDonalds. Charge me McDonalds prices and I will happily get my own napkins and ketchup. Summary - get the burger of your liking and one order of thin fries to share between 2-3 people. Burgers are good if you get them medium. Drink water or a beer (somewhat overpriced at $8 for domestic). All sodas aren't worth the price.  Skip the apps. The fried pickles ($6) taste like Vlasic yellow pickles with some breading that falls right off on the first bite. They were overly sour, and not like good deli pickles.  Skip desert as well. If you must have, split one cookie between two people.
1	Customer service was rude, food took over 60 minutes, still didn't come out SO WE WALKED OUT Warning:: MENU IS DIFFERENT THAN UMAMI BURGER IN LA!Had FOX news on blaring over what was supposed to be GAMEDAY. Fox News guys really?!Asked multiple times before they put the football audio on Didn't even bother to bring the appetizers before the food or refill water until the check came? What sense does that make? HORRIBLE HORRIBLE
5	Nice place, no line no wait we were seated immediately. Has a sports bar look and feel, decently priced for a place on the strip. T.V's everywhere, staff is very friendly our server Ben is great explains everything in detail told us about there off menu items and was very accommodating with my girlfriends food allergies.  Drinks as far as soda are pricey but they are imported from Mexico meaning no garbage chemicals they use in fountain drinks. Food is amazing came hot and fresh on a sweet Portuguese bun absolutely delicious. Good food great service worth the price of eating on the strip and will definitely compete with Gordon Ramsay's BurGR.
5	I've heard about Umami Burger in LA but since I was hungover in Vegas, it was an opportune time to try this hyped up burger joint at the gorgeous SLS Hotel. I'll keep this short: 1) awesome and knowledgeable service by our sweetheart server Mandy 2) my friend had the Manly Burger & I had the truffle burger w/egg and both were delicious. At first glance, they looked small but the flavors were rich enough that it filled us up (coupled w/3) 3) SWEET POTATO FRIES. ORDER THEM. I will come back to try a different burger & save room for a Kool Haus ice cream next time
5	As the name says burger beer bets, during any sporting event you can enjoy a great atmosphere inside or outside, great burgers, and great beer/cocktail selection such as union jack ipa or burning mandarin. We sat outside and the atmosphere and service were great as we always had what we needed. The manager on duty Edgar ensured the staff followed up and food quality was good. Keep it up!!!!
4	this place would get all five stars if it were based purely on our experience at the bar. we first got here and left due to our game (angels playoff) not being played. but came back to the bar where Liz  went beyond the call of duty to serve us. we will be coming back again because of the Liz and the bar!!! good beer, good company, and GREAT SERVICE!
4	I was a little skeptical in eating here seeing all the reviews. However, I got the Truffle Royale Burger and the Truffle Fries and both blew my mind. That braised beef was such a great addition to the burger. The only downfall of this place is the service and the prices. $5 for a sprite is beyond me. We also had to tell our waitress twice that we were waiting for someone else in our party to come but she proceeded to keep asking if we were ready to order so we ended up giving in to get her to stop. Then when it came to refills, she was never to be found.
1	Although the server is nice the service is HORRIBLE.  Lost or forgotten orders from both the kitchen and bar.  For how over priced it is I expect better service.
3	I really want to give this  place 4 stars but I just can't. When we arrived and said we wanted to watch football, eat and drink, we were told if we sat inside it was a minimum of $50 per person. Wait, what? Outside there was no minimum. Being a gorgeous  Vegas day, the choice was obvious. Outside was a pleasant roomy space with many TVs. All the games were on, and our server was super nice. She was so nice that I really don't want this review to reflect on her. Now here's where the stars go down. Apparently there were some flies around (um it's outside) and so they turned on some fans to dispel them. Normally that would be fine, but these were super turbo fans( seriously it sounded like we were next to a jet airplane) and we couldn't hear  the games or each other. They did turn the one over us off after we said something. I did enjoy the truffle beet salad and the ahi burger was very good( and very messy), but our orders took forever and were sometimes forgot. I'm not sure who dropped the ball but they do need to work on these problems.  After getting the bill it was very obvious we were on the strip. We could have sat inside after all. Will we come back??? Unfortunately, I just can't say for sure.
4	We had stayed at SLS and were too hungry to head to the strip and decided to try this place. I had the Truffle Burger and it was absolutely amazing!!!!! I seriously cannot remember eating a burger that delicious! The only downsize is the burger is a little on the small side, so if you're really hungry, it will not be enough. And for the price and size, the burgers do not come with fries or anything. I did order the Truffle Fries on the side which were also pretty good. Their fried pickles was okay. The pickles are huge spears, which is hard to share, would be better if they were cut smaller like in slices. Onion rings were good too, the batter was pretty tasty.The service could have been better. Our server kinda had an attitude problem so we weren't thrilled with that, Honestly though, the food was pretty damn amazing. If the burger was a little bigger than a kids meal size and came with fries I would totally give it 5 stars! So because of that, I will give 4.
4	Nice open atmosphere great for watching the games for the day. The cocktails I thought were really great. Very flavorful and creative. The truffle fries were nice so was the manly burger great flavor and plenty of bacon. My date had the truffle burger with the egg on it and she loved it. The ahi tuna burger could definitely have been better. The ahi tuna was flavorless and had an unnecessary amount of carrots on it. Service was decently quick and was actually extremely well priced. Would come back especially to watch the game on a Sunday.
1	I was excited to come here. Not just for the burgers but for the beer garden as well. We ended up just going to the bar bc there was no hostess seating the half a dozen people standing at the door. We get to the bar and it takes 20 min to sample only 4 beers, which were all pilsner type beers so very limited variety. Their bottle selection was small with only a couple feesible options. The rest of their bottled beers are anywhere between $20-$50. I'm sorry but for just opening, the service sucked and so did their selection of beers :'(
5	I don't know why everyone is giving such bad reviews...I went earlier today with my friend and all I can say is...THE BURGER WAS BOMB! Until now I'm looking at pictures of it..lol It was simple but the patty was juicy and perfect. My friends from Cali always talked about it so I was happy when we finally got one here. We made reservations a few days before so I recommend doing that especially if there's a game. Service was also good. She was very attentive and explained to us the menu and sauces. Overall had an awesome experience and will definitely go back..maybe next week..haha!
5	I love everything about this, a comfy outdoor sports book with great beer & food options. The staff was really sweetly accommodating and found a way to sneak my baseball championships up around the more popular football and in the area outside I really wanted to be in. Huge hat tip to Shane and his team.
5	Great food, juicy burgers with outstanding flavor.  I don't mind paying for top-quality beef, and this place does it up right.  They're not afraid to serve it medium-rare and drippy-good.  We tried a verity of burgers at our table, with the Manly Burger and the Truffle Especiale getting top marks.  MANDY was top-notch, had a solid knowledge of their impressive beer menu, and was passionate about taking the time to recommend pairings.  Great server!
2	Located in the SLS hotel and casino. When you enter, to the immediate left there's what seems like a fully stocked bar with usual gambling games. To the right of that a comfortable area with tables and couches to dine or watch whatever sports game playing. The high ceilings has a black and white checkered pattern. And to the right of that their sports book with a few tables and tvs. But wait there's more. Exit the doors and you'll enter their "beer garden" outdoor patio area with lots of seating, ping pong table, and an even bigger bar than inside.The staff are very friendly and welcoming. They were patient enough to explain the items and what the concept of Umami Burger was each time.  They are supposingly a known business which I've never heard of and they prefer that you don't mess with the chef's creations and have them as is . It seems a like a place to hang out at and have some beers but I wasn't impressed with what I ate. Korean Style Brat http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/umami-burger-beer-garden-and-sports-book-las-vegas-2?select=EXZKbmaYdCoXrn7spPRf-g#EXZKbmaYdCoXrn7spPRf-g It looks great but I probably won't order it again. It was a pork belly brat topped with caramelized kimchi, their korean ketchup, sesame aioli, and green onion for $11. The pork belly brat was sliced like a hotdog bun it was thin and tiny in proportion to the other components.  It was like eating a bun filled with just caramelized kimchi. The caramelized kimchi was kind of nasty tasting for me, maybe too caramelized not sure but I needed lots of water just to finish it. Manly Burger http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/umami-burger-beer-garden-and-sports-book-las-vegas-2?select=61-9mqfYzG0SuuOpy7DuNw#e-XzbnWpPTFtb9y9GM93FQ Their burger topped with beer cheddar, bacon lardons, smoked-salt onion strings, their house ketchup, and mustard all for $12. I don't know if I liked too much. The manly aspect wasn't there unless manly meant tiny. It was like an over sized slider.  I would've preferred the onion strings to be crispy. The U on the bun was nice.Also had the Truffle Fries. Thin fries with truffle cheese and truffle salt. Didn't like it maybe try the manly fries or something else next time. The fries were cold and were all stuck to each other. I've had way better comparable food for the price in Vegas. I was expecting something on the line of Bachi Burger or at least better than 1/2 of the numerous burger places here but got something far far from that. Other than that I like everything else about it the huge misters, decorations, the bar, the many TVs, customer service, the outdoor patio with view of the Strip and people walking or driving along the Strip which is why I didn't give them a 1 star.I might be back.
5	Hands down one of the best burgers I have had in my entire life.. The burgers are a perfect size and they fill you up without being full.. The atmosphere is awesome.. The beer selection is amazing too.. They always take care of locals too.. When you go inside ask for Mandy.. She is my favorite server inside and she takes care of you.. Also try the cheesy tots.. Heaven
4	I highly recommend the seared tuna burger.  It was sushi-grade tuna and it was amazing!  So tender, so good!  We also ordered the "pickles" plate, which was a selection of different vegetables (mushrooms, carrots, beets, peppers, pickles, etc.) with different pickled flavors--different but good.  We got in late after all the buffets were closed, so we went here.  We were impressed.
4	My hubby loved his burger.  We both liked their onion rings.  I ordered my burger plain with lettuce wrap... so it was ok.
5	Vegas local here, but my first time to Umami. First off, our server, Mandy, was phenomenal. Very friendly and attentive. Her recommendations were spot on and she even surprised us with an item from the secret menu! Both the truffle burger and the B.U.B were amazing. Oh, and the B.U.B is HUGE!! The Salted Caramel ice cream sandwich for dessert was just the right size. Forget the haters, come try this place. I know I'll be back.
5	Talk about amazing customer service! We showed up interested in experience the much-hyped about Umami inside the new SLS. To be honest, I didn't set high expectations, I honestly thought it was just yet another burger joint on the Strip. I was wrong.Immediately we were greeted by the staff, our server, Mandy made fantastic recommendations since it was the first time for us here. I had the truffle burger, it was really really good! She surprised us with an item from Umami's secret menu. I don't remember what it was, but it was some sort of cheesy goodness! The outside seething was a great idea, it was bright, sunny with a cool wind. The ambience is relaxed, the food and drinks were good. I definitely recommend Umami burger as a place for eats for anyone visiting Vegas!
5	I don't know why this place still has poor reviews. This is my second time coming here and I will continue I come back! Great for groups or a date night out! The service was great, thank you Courtney, the food was great again- truffle burger and truffle fries and sweet potato fries.
3	When we first walked up to the restaurant, the hostess was on the phone. She continued talking on the phone for 8minutes (yes, I kept track), and a few people were standing in line behind us. When she finally got off the phone, she just said "follow me please" in a super bitchy tone, no smile, no apology for keeping us waiting. My first impression of the restaurant was bad. Thankfully, our server was really sweet. She did a good job explaining the burgers to us, & was always on top of refilling our drinks. The burger was okay. For the size, it was really filling! I got the manly burger. The bread was the best part in my opinion. We also got the manly fries, which I regret. My boyfriend seemed to like them. But I thought the sauce was too much. Nice venue, easy to find, & good atmosphere. But for the price, I'll probably go somewhere else.
4	I finally got a chance to check out SLS. Pros-Came here on Thursday night football, and WOW! They have like a 150 4K foot screen and it was beautiful! Surround sound was incredible. Restaurant is built different then what u expect but it was cool.  Ordered the manly burger because quite frankly I'm a man. Lol it was very tasty. Wasn't blown away by it but it def did the job. The sweet potatoes fries are INCREDIBLE! They add like brown sugar to them. It's heaven In your mouth! (Pause) lolServer was really sweet and pleasant. My burger didn't come out to the specific temp I wanted and they took it off my bill. I didn't even complain! That was a huge plus I just upped her gratuity . Cons- good beer list but some of their beer was over priced. 12$ for a Octoberfest? 14$ for a Duval? That's ridiculous lol. Maybe more menu items in the future it was pretty limited. If you don't like sports don't come here during game time (I do love sports by the way) but it gets  pretty loud.Overall I'm glad I waited to come here. I will def be back!
2	Regardless of the reviews, wanted to check out the hotel so decided to eat here since we were craving for burgers. Ordered the truffle burger, the ahi burger and the plain fries.  Got seated rt away but weren't approached immediately for orders, kinda got bored waiting....and they weren't packed.  Finally got our order and wasn't too pleased with the taste. I feel like it was missing something....!! Taste! Not worth the price. Beers were good, fries were good, but burgers from this burger joint are not. Needs improvement.
2	Others may like Umami - I just don't.  I like a tasty basic burger - and I think sometimes - the more stuff they are piling on top - it's to disguise the fact that the basic burger itself is not very good.I ordered the Manly Burger, and I just didn't really like it.  I removed the bacon lardons cause they are just too thick for me to find appetizing.  The cheese is more of a cheese sauce, kind of runny and hardly any flavor.  And part of their thing is there is no lettuce or tomato or onion or pickles.  I'd rather eat at Smashburger or even 5 Guys for a tastier burger.  I did try the Sweet Potato fries, based on other reviews - and they were pretty good. Also, nice that you can get a beer - quite a large selection, and I think mixed drinks too. Our server was friendly and the food didn't take that long to arrive.  But the atmosphere here is also lacking, in my opinion.  It's like eating in the middle of a noisy sports bar - with TVs everywhere you look.  And if that's what you want - then that is great.  And then, also, with the Strip location - you are gonna pay way more than at any normal spot.  2 burgers, 2 sides, 1 beer, 1 pepsi, + tip: $50.00.
3	Cool atmosphere, lots of TV's. Service was friendly but terribly slow and lacking. We had to ask for extra place settings, napkins, plates.. Our waitress would disappear and nobody got their water or drinks refilled. I wonder if she felt like she didn't need to earn her tip since it was automatic with our party of 6. I don't feel like she deserved 20% for showing her face twice. I spent more time watching the server interact with the booth next to us than actually seeing our server.Food was good, the only thing keeping a third star. Although 3 of us ordered the same burger but cooked differently, and when they were brought out they passed them out as if they were all the same. It was never indicated which was which. Not sure why they asked if it didn't matter? They also brought a bunch of different sauces with our onion rings but never said what was what.. Everything is a la carte. Sodas come in old fashioned bottles except diet.
4	Conveniently located at the SLS hotel this is located outdoors and has Las Vegas Blvd  street access also. I was staying at the hotel for three nights and had never tried Unami Burger in So Cal so this was an idea time to check out the food and enjoy the NFL Monday night game.Heart the layout of the bar and bench tables that have views of the Las Vegas strip. It was happy hour still so they were offering two for one Stellas and for grub I ordered the Truffle burger, Korean bratwurst and a side of tempura onion rings. The burger was juicy and tasted fabulous. The brat had a spicy kick, unique and the onion rings were light, greaseless and delish!What more could I ask for? Solid food, cold beer and Monday night football. BTW my team also won that evening!
1	Was very excited to take my lady here been hearing alot about this place. Tvs everywhere is the only nice thing. Got seated and almost took about 60 minutes  to get our food was ready to just walk out. Then no kids menu as well when you order the burger we were expecting fries or etc.  Nope its only the burger for $12 to $15 dollers. Food finally  comes out the burger tasted raw they didn't  fill up drinks or attend  to us. I was very happy to try it but now never again burger had no taste my lady  didnt even eat hers all and all the type of money i spent here IN & OUT BURGER 100% better and way cheaper umami burger needed taste n etc  was very disappointed  never coming back
2	Unimpressed with their original burger and short rib style fries. The burger ju didn't tats that great. It was cooked nicely but the flavor just wasn't there. As for the fries, major letdown - soggy city. If it's gonna be soggy because of the gravy then the gravy should be decent
2	Well this is an OK place. Nothing special in my opinion. The Burger are mediocre. The staff is nice and friendly. The Tv's are way too loud. We had to yell to each other. I was disappointed because they were not able to bring the correct beer. The first round was correct but after that they always brought the wrong beer. I mentioned it twice but they were not able to fix it. They made me pay for all beers. Not a good example of fixing a problem. Again this is convenient if you wanna get a quick bite while staying here. Holsteins has way better Burgers for sure.
5	Eaten at this location and the one in Miami. DELICIOUS. Anything truffle has my name on it. Had the Royale burger and truffle fries. Also had the Bloody Mary wasn't impressed but that's okay. Was good service and the food was spot on! #Truffle
3	Place is a lot of hype but no flavor. I didn't think the burger was all that great compared to the chains in California. I will say that the service was top notch though. The staff were very attentive. The atmosphere and outdoor area were really nice. Good place to catch a drink at the bar and catch a few games
4	Great food and waiters but please sort out the grumpy and inefficient staff who make you wait and feel unwelcome whilst waiting to be seated!The vegetarian options are great and was glad to see they offer to replace all beef with portobello mushrooms. Try the Oscar Blues larger with fried pickles, absolutely delicious!
5	What can I say other then I love this place. Not just because of the great hand made food made to order but because when you're located in Vegas, you get sectional couches to relax on and tons of TV screens located throughout this fine location. Oh did I also mention that you can place bets on any sports games there while you eat. Umami burger is conveniently located with the beautiful SLS casino at the end of the strip. So because it's a new casino what better way to pull people in then to build one of the best burger joints to eat at. The layout of this place is awesome! The have a bar and bench area that overlooks the strip but puts you right in front of this wall size TV screen. That's almost every mans dream right there, to have huge burgers covered with truffle cheese sauce and a cold beer. I will say they also have extra dishes on there menu compared to the California locations. So that was a pleasant surprise. So the first time I was there I ordered there standard truffle burger, (I love truffles) so this burger was packed with flavor and a side of oozing and rich truffle fries. On day two I ordered the 12oz. double patty, caramelized onion infused B.U.B burger. If you're on a diet or squeamish, I suggest you not order this burger. It will keep you set for the rest of the day.So when in Vegas or staying at the SLS, stop by umami burger. It's never let me down and hopefully it won't for you.
2	More generous side order portions but such crappy service. Had to flag down workers for water, ask twice for sauces, forgetting drinks. Retrain your workers, maybe ask the people at the grove umami how to run a burger place. Good luck surviving.
5	So today was our return back to umami burger with my ladies family from Los Angeles. We were well  taken care of Thanks to Rachel the General  Manager as well jeorge and Brooke  we loved you guys and thanks for everything.  My ladies family was very excited  to try it and were very satisfied with everything . I will definitely  come back our family has nothing but good things to say about umami. Once again  thank you so much i am so thankful for your concerns on everything. That just shows a business  that cares we will definitely  be back soon thanks for everything we weren't  expecting  that V.I.P treatment we love umami
3	Just ok.Understaffed. Came in post lunch, few people in the restaurant, four of us at the bar. Bartender running around frantically trying to keep up.Ordered the Classic, short rib smothered fries, and a beer. Charging a lot for pretty pedestrian draft selection. The burger's bun and toppings were good, but burger itself was small and lacking any real flavor, maybe overwhelmed by the toppings. At least was cooked properly. Fries were good, but not wow.Looks like Burger Bar, Bachi are still my go-to luxe burgers in town.
5	Was there Saturday night, sat outside. Took a little bit to get our drinks but after that they were quick. BEST SWEET POTATO FRIES IVE EVER HAD! Ugh, oh my god, mouth watering. And I got the salad with the tuna, delish! And the snicker doodle ice cream sandwich, so good! Just an excellent meal all around. I want to go back and have the exact same meal. Good job umami
4	Foodwise, this was the best burger I've had in Vegas. We were staying across the street at the Hilton and after finding Unami on Bon Appetit's top 50 burgers list, I knew we had to roll over.We came with a group of 8 and were easily seated outside at one of the picnic tables. Only disappointment with that is that we were seated on the far left side where there was no light. And it was bout 7pm and so it was dark. Would have been nice to be seated closer to the lit bar, or inside.Drink specials during football season are amazing and so our beer drinkers were very pleased. I had a tequila/ginger beer cocktail that was delicious and well worth its $13 price tag.Food wise, I had the cali burger and smothered fries. Everything was beyond delicious. The burger was thick and super juicy. I like the homemade american cheese and the caramelized onions were perfect. The smothered fries were heaven as the short rib was very tender and the gravy was super good. I had some of my cousin's beet salad and that was very good as well. Service was my main reason for deducting a start as our server wasn't around very much. There would be long stints that she was gone, even though the restaurant was quite empty. She also quickly asked to process our check as she had tickets to a concert that night and wanted to leave as soon as she could. Made us feel really important.Overall, I would definitely return for the food and atmosphere. This time I'll know better to request not to sit at the far end of the patio and will cross my fingers that there are no concerts going that night.
5	Delicious and great atmosphere! I had the short rib burger and it was delicious! Mandy my server was awesome and really attentive! Will come back next time I'm in Vegas for sure!
5	The SLS Hotel/Casino is amazing, and this a fantastic place to have beer, food, and watch NFL.  I am not much of a carnivore, so I had a caesar salad which was delightfully fresh and had delicious anchovies.  I also sampled fried pickles which were very lightly tempura fried.  They have an impressive beer list and the overall scene is very fun.  NFL football is shown in the beer garden allowing the opportunity to watch patio style.  Always appreciated.  Fun times and nicely convenient when on strip.
3	After reading the reviews and accolades about the burgers here we decided to give it a shot. The restaurant itself is pretty impressive with plenty of open space and an abundance of screens to watch sporting events.We were seated quickly but then waited about 10 minutes for a server to arrive. We ordered our food and appetizers and unfortunately both arrived at the same time. The food was average. It wasn't great and it wasn't bad. You could tell our waitress was handling more than her share of tables, so I don't blame her. I had the ahi tuna burger and it was good, just not great.
3	This is a great change to the Umami concept in LA now with more sports. They have all of your favorites if you have been to other locations. Only thing that I can say that I didn't like was the buns. Which I have taken 2 stars off for since they are not the same as those in LA and they really do matter when it comes to a great burger. If you have never been you will still love it though.
2	SERVICE: Something is clearly amiss here. After ordering our drinks and food at the same time, we waited for 15 minutes as we wondered which would arrive first. After deciding that we would give them two more minutes for SOMETHING to arrive before walking out, our drinks arrived. Our server seemed frazzled but was very apologetic. The manager caught wind of our situation (or maybe he just saw the stopwatch running on my phone) because he came over to apologize as well. He offered us some "complimentary sauces" to go along with our fries, but, not surprisingly, those never arrived. (And I was looking forward to those "apology sauces.") Oh, and our check showed up before being asked if we were interested in dessert (which we were)! I guess they weren't offering any that night. Oh well.ATMOSPHERE: It's difficult to tell where the sports book ends and the Umami Burger begins, but maybe that's the point. Either way, I can't say I enjoy eating while ESPN commentators scream in my ear about college football, but that's just me.FOOD: Not much to say here. The fries were okay and there wasn't anything all that offensive about the burgers, but nothing stood out. So, as Las Vegas locals with lots of other restaurants to try, we won't be visiting Umami Burger again.
1	If I could give zero star, I would. Very unprofessional & unapologetic. Customer service was very unsatisfactory. Came here for lunch with my daughter while waiting for hubby to finish playing on the table..thinking I'd give this place a try after having read some reviews about the bad service. I requested to be seated at a booth considering my daughter always, and by always, I mean literally always manage to fall off chairs. We were explain that since I had my daughter with me, it's automatic that they'll seat us by the back booth because of the sports book. We were shown the way & guess what! 2mins upon having sat, I was told we had to finish ordering, waiting & eating by 12:30pm. Mind you, it was literally 11:54am!  Just coz a party was coming at 12:30pm to occupy the space where we were seated -- WHY HAVE US SIT HERE WHEN YOU WERE GONNA USE THIS SPOT IN 36mins! I don't work in the restaurant business but I think courtesy is a universal thing wherever & whatever field of work you do. I asked for specifics but no answer provided. NO APOLOGY EXTENDED. I had to LEAVE. I wished it would have been a better experience. Very disappointing. Sometimes it's not just the food that matters, QUALITY SERVICE means a lot to paying customers like me as well. You get more exposure by word of mouth especially if patrons get good service. Very disappointed.
2	Don't believe the hype. I don't know maybe the one in California is way different and much better. The layout was cool open concept, gets pretty loud since you can watch the game and  the sls sports book is inside umami. The service was ok, we had to flag the server down for some refills. Didn't check up on us frequently how he did his other two tables. Food was not the best! The burgers were plain no lettuce just meat, cheese, and a sauce. I got the the classic and it had a roasted tomato I felt like I was eating a meatball sub. The truffle burger was better but still plain. Fries got soggy realQuick, onion rings were over battered and soggy. The only thing I liked was my jasmine green tea. I did not feel like I got my money's worth. I spent $50 for nothing. All a hype. I won't return.
1	Ordered a burger and fried pickles and decided to go down and pick it up instead of having it delivered to the room. 1) it was ready almost 30 minutes after I was told it would be ready. 2) they did not include the ranch dip with the pickles. When I called they said they would bring the sauce right up, but they never showed.  (surprise)  The burger was ok, but a little dry. Not worth the hype. I would review the pickles but they got too cold to eat while I was waiting for the dip.
1	I can surmise this in 2 words. FOOD POISONING - I ordered a turkey burger with avocado and sprouts. I should have sent the burger back when it was barely warm on arrival. After 12 hours of throwing up and a trip to the ER  I would never accept food that was not warm enough again in particular turkey and top it off with the hi contaminant possibility of sprouts.  In addition to the obvious poor quality and standard of food, the server seemed more like a bouncer -- Big burly not very friendly and plopped the plates down on the table. Three girls, 3 turkey burgers- one beer, one side of fries one side salad--  bill was $70!!!! The restaurant also has an identity crisis- it's part burger bar / part sports bar /part Vegas Casino but the food sucks and the volume in the entire restaurant was way too loud. All the games playing were volumed at Super Bowl status, when there were no big games on it was just a variety of college sports. These annoying, nonrelevant games were so loud and distracting that it was difficult to hear sitting at the same table with somebody. Even if I didn't get sick, I would probably never go back based on the server and overall atmosphere the restaurant being too loud in an unnecessary sort of way
4	Yummy! The food was delicious. The service is semi slow but very friendly servers. I recommend sitting outside.
2	Arrived and was seated swiftly. The wait person was quite nice and very attentive. The kitchen was very slow.Now, for the food. My medium hamburger was served raw in the centre and had to be sent back. After waiting an extremely long time to be served they obviously rushed the order and undercooked it. But that makes it all the more disappointing, because then I had to wait around again to get a properly cooked burger. (And let's be realistic, unless the meat is cut on the property, hamburger meat needs to be carefully cooked.) The fried pickles were excellent. The onion rings were obviously dropped into a fryer that was too cold since the batter was exceedingly oily and had little flavour and we only ordered them because so many people rave about them, only to find them almost a total disappointment that we didn't even want to eat.So basically, good server, bad (slow) service caused by the kitchen. Disappointing onion rings and undercooked burger. What a disappointment... recommended by Thrillist, but maybe they haven't been here lately?
2	Concept restaurants are great and all, but you need to be able to execute without flaw to justify your ego. FOOD:I get that at the flagship location that you don't allow any substitutions on your menu. Good for them. When i ask for something different on my burger, I don't want to argue or have to debate Stanford's Debate Team. I want a, "Sure thing!" and I understand I might get "That's gonna cost you a couple bucks extra" at which point I'd say "I'm worth it." OR if you don't want people to make changes, then tell them and own it. Avoid the nachos and the pickle plate. The nachos were put on the menu because people were asking for it and even the manager understood why we were disappointed. Question: If the manager knows its bad why are you serving it. Issues: only a tablespoon of the braised beef accompanied a slave labor camp's output of chips with "beer cheddar" "fondue" drizzled on about 7 of the chips. The pickle plate was also a let down. They obviously use a boiling method for the pickling and they over boiled the canned veggies. Carrots, mushrooms, beet, red pepper, an actual pickle and green beans. Pickling is an easy process, it just takes time. Why not just use better ingredients and something a little more exotic for your vegetable selection. Tried everything and pushed it away. Bachi Burger has a much richer pickle plate if you ever want one in Vegas.SERVICE:Kinda touched on this already, pushy about their concept, but this location really doesn't have one so it comes off as misguided. Our server was nice, but I was noticeably unimpressed with her attempts to stick to her script of no substitutions even though this location allows them... and I think she was just not in the mood to have to put out energy to make the experience good for us so she gave us a lot of space... for a while. The busser cleared our plates and even asked us how things were for the first time since we got our food and we were honest about how less than spectacular we thought it was. That guy winked at both of us about 22 times in the span of 30 seconds. It was magical, but not enough for us to change our minds.The lead/manager/assistant manager/some guy with bill control powers came up and asked how our meal was, we were honest and he agreed that the nachos and pickle plate and the wings (he mentioned them, not us) should not be eaten here. He took those items off of our bill as we barely ate any of them.OVERALL:There's nothing here that you can't find somewhere else, better and nicer. And if a place is gonna stick to its guns about no substitutions, then it better make sure EVERYTHING on its menu rocks hard the way it is. And one more thing: you need to be a litte more Johnny-on-the-spot with the channels on saturday afternoon during football. I don't watch football, but i sure as hell don't watch Judge Judy for 20 minutes or need it broadcast over every speaker in the joint while i'm searching for some nacho meat.
4	Thanks to SLS for offering 50% locals Sunday for a restaurant of the week. Basically, go follow them on Instagram or Twitter (maybe Facebook too...) and they will post up which restaurant will be offering 50% off Sundays. It's valid for the entire day, just show your local ID.Boyfriend and I were skeptical with Umami, based on the reviews I've seen here. But I'm glad we still decided to give them a chance. And boy, were we glad we made that choice!!!!!!! Boyfriend got the Jose Andres burger  while I got The Royale, topped with braised short ribs. (See pics attached.) What I loved about their burgers was not only it was so flavorful but the portion they served was perfect. You won't walk outta here feeling like a fat lard. Perfect portions and we also ordered some truffle fries too.**Truffle fries: weren't the greatest. We've had better.**Burgers: delicious! Definitely solid 4 stars on burgers alone.And the 4 dipping sauce they give you on teaspoons were all flavorful too. Compliments our burgers really well.
2	There are two things I take into account when eating somewhere, the price of the food and the quality. I've heard a lot of good things about umami. However Vegas has a great rep for taking restaurants, franchising out to the strip and poorly executing it. I ate here and paid 14 for a burger and 6 for some fries. Price to me isn't a huge deal however to me the meal was not that great. The burger had no flavor, the fries were alright. However there are way better places you can go for a good burger on the strip. I will say that I usually have a bad experience with female servers and my server a bubbly blonde if I remember correctly, did however make the meal quite pleasurable. She was a great server and I will note that.
4	I think there is a umani burger in NYC but never been and actually did not eat a burger while here though did try out there beers, and salad.  My friends stated burger were good.    I did like the outdoor seating in their beer garden area as nice to get out of the casino and relax especially during the cooler months of the year.  I was a little annoyed they would not plug in my phone as needed to charge it up at a plug by game table which was in a section one could not sit in.    Does not open at 10am when games start which is surprising since sports book is within its confines.
2	After the reviews we were fired up to hit this place up when we rolled into town.  However......after ordering the Hatch burger and the truffle fries we waited forever.  When the food came both items were cold and uninspiring.  After about ten minutes we got the staff to pay attention to us.  We did get replacements for all and the second round of burgers were better.  The fries reminded me of gravy not truffle style, not sure what that was all about.  The 2 stars is due to the fact that they comped us the food.TIP FOR the PLACE - WARM up the hatch chiles so it doesn't take away from the heat of the burger.
4	Their variety of fries are excellent appetizers and pair well with their unique cocktails. I didn't have a burger here, but many of the people I was with did and they looked amazing! HUGE portions!Great ambience and a perfect spot to watch the games!
1	SLS? Seriously Lacks Satisfaction.This is no more obvious than at Umami Burger, destination for our latest foodventure. But foodventures are not always successful, as Umami (Japanese for something) would prove. When Mama R wanted a burger for her birthday, Emijandro and I found it as our opportunity to try the much talked-about burger spot at SLS and off we went.My thoughts on SLS itself are... sub-par at best, but this review strictly focuses on Umami Burger, which we found along the wall fairly easily. Walking in, there was a very... recycled... feel to the place, which I thought was supposed to be an urban hipster sports bar vibe. But one glance at the CHECKERED FLAG CEILING ABOVE revealed they just gutted the NASCAR Cafe and didn't bother to redo the ceiling.When we were seated, we were handed small, trifold menus. Mine was dirty.Seriously, your F&B department could have printed a ton of those, but you're giving me a dirty one?Maybe it was to hide the fact that the basic burger was $12. No fries. NO GAWDANG FRIES. **flips table**I ordered the Manly Burger, without the beer-cheese (?) as I don't care for cheese on my burger. The (dirty) menu said it had "bacon lardons" on it. "Ryan," you may be asking, "what in the Sam Hill is a 'lardon?'" I didn't know either, but it's somehow related to bacon, so I took the risk ($$) along with an order of Tempura Onion Rings ($) and water (HAH TAKE THAT CORPORATE MURRKA!). Emijandro ordered the Jose Andres Burger ($$$) and Mama R ordered the basic burger. Well, basic according to Umami's standards.The burger is an art form. I know. I'm a burger connoisseur. A burger gourmand, if you will. Its art is found in its simplicity. A patty made out of some meat, toppings-a-go-go, and a bun. Delightful. But at some point Umami just made it all too fancy-schmancy. First off, lardons are apparently cubed bits of slab bacon. I suppose that's fine, but some thick strips of bacon are just as tasty and probably less expensive for the restaurant so they can lower their prices. Secondly, would have liked some barbecue sauce on this type of burger (also had onion strings), not their Umami Ketchup (Japanese for something ketchup), which really was just ketchup, nothing really different.The burger was too pink for my taste -- apparently my waiter heard "medium rare" instead of "medium please." Or he was just dumb or hated his job -- the service was unsatisfactory, he spoke too quietly for a sports bar atmosphere during the third quarter of Monday Night Football, and dropped items repeatedly  (fortunately not our food). When we could hear him, he was being pushy about us ordering dessert.Listen, dude, I know you're supposed to upsell, but when my bill is already about $19, don't give me a look when we say no to dessert.Which I could have gone for, by the way, because for that type of money, the burger was small. To be fair, I didn't leave hungry, but I didn't leave with that OMG NO MORE FOOD IT WAS TOO GOOD kind of feeling. It just left me with a general MEH. I shouldn't leave with MEH for $19.A few positive notes: The onion rings were tasty, though I could have used a dipping sauce beyond the four tiny little ladles of sauce they provide, one being the Umami Ketchup (something ketchup), and one being HOLY CRAP MY BUTT WILL REGRET THAT TONIGHT kind of spicy.Umami should be Japanese for "overhyped." If you want the best burger on the Strip, it's still at Holsteins at The Cosmopolitan. Or stay off-strip and you can find a lot of high-quality burgers at a much lower price point. Either way, maybe SLS stands for Satisfaction Low, Sorry.
5	I finally got to go there last night as part of a special event. I've driven by it several times and thought that it looked interesting.  I have to say the food and the service was spot on.  The waiters and bartenders could've have been any nicer.  The California burger which by the way is something I would never eat was to die for and their tater tots  were a meal unto themselves. I will definitely be going back here probably this weekend with friends!
5	Best burger joint hands down! Great service, great food, and a  great sports bar! Server Mandy was excellent!  Will definitely have to come back!
3	Food = great. Service  = subpar. If it wasn't for the food being really good I would have rated it a 2 star.
1	This was my visit to SLS after much reluctance and disinterest on my part and it was even more lackluster than I expected. We came to Umami Burger on a Monday night during Monday Night Football. The place was packed and loud, but we were seated quickly. The table was a little dirty and the sad little paper menus were stained, too. I ordered the Jose Andres burger and a side of fries to share with my mom. The burger was a good size, but I didn't like anything about it. The meat was only good around the edges and the texture was a stringy, fatty and greasy. The flavors were just not what I was hoping for and was incredibly bland. The fries were even worse. They were dry, overcooked and flavorless. I didn't enjoy a thing about anything I ate at Umami Burger. Even worse than the food was the service. Our waiter practically whispered every word to us and made no effort to speak up when it was clearly noisy from the football shenanigans happening around the restaurant. Refills were slow, condiments were in tiny portions and offered nothing to enhance the flavors of anything. I don't have any interest in trying this place again.
2	Came in on a Wednesday night and sat inside, part eatery and Sports bar. I liked how each booth had a flat screen but there were flat screens and sofas if you just wanted to relax as if you're at home!I opted for a booth but had great views of the entire place for decent people watching. I started off with a cold green tea which was flavorless. My waitress who was there physically but mentally absent took my order for BBQ wings , onion rings and the  B.U.B burger. I specifically requested the wings first and others to follow later but within minutes after the wings arrived the other two items appeared. When the waitress returned and I advised her what happened and her reply was the kitchen was caught up!  The food was decent but I was pleased mostly with the wings. The onion rings were too large, under cooked and a few had too much batter. The burger which contained two large slices of beef, bacon bits and contained another slice of bread which I removed. The burger was overcooked and on the dry side. I was ready to order peanut butter ice cream but the absent minded waitress didn't even bother asking if I wanted dessert and just left me my tab. It's ashame an establishment put this much time and money into this business and yet they have such a sad and unmotivated employee interacting directly with clients. I made sure I tipped accordingly which I thought was still generous.Compared to my first experience outside at the Umami Beer Garden, this was a horrible experience. Such a disappointing dining experience. If I ever returned here, I will make sure and request not to be seated in the area of this waitress!
1	Horrible service. Word to the manager reading this... If you have a line of people wanting to eat at your establishment, seat them, that's how you make money. Or tell them you have full service at the bar to the left of you. Rant over.
1	My review is specifically for the sports bar. This place blows! My friend and I went last night to watch some college basketball. We sat on the couch for about 20 minutes before I flagged down one of the several waiters that passed us by. We ordered French Fries (with truffles) and 2 glasses of wine. Fries came out first. No napkins, but 2 really pretty plates. The wine arrived about 10 minutes later. We asked the waiter of it would be possible to change one of the 4 TV's to the game we wanted to watch so it would be easier from a view stand point. We were told the "Sports Bar" controlled that and he would ask. 5 minutes left in the game, the waiter came over with a remote and changed the channel. This place should be focusing on Unami Burger. The Sports Bar should be just that, a sports bar. You can't be everything to everyone and do it well! Bad choice SLS!!
5	Great food and great service. Good place to watch sports. Tater tots are good Napoleon dynamite would love these taters.
3	10 min wait for seats. Food came pretty fast ....Manly Burgers, Sweet Sweet Potato Fries, Onion Rings and the Kale Salad....but the fries were cold. We informed our server who sent them back and fresh, hot fries appeared 10 min later, along with the manager who apologized and comped us the fries. The server was very friendly and convinced us ( quite easily) to try dessert Snickerdoodle cookie, salted caramel ice cream sandwich from Coolhaus YUMMM!! We ( 4 ladies) enjoyed our meal. The restaurant is in the SLS Hotel on the far end of the strip, but worth checking out!
5	After my last review the GM from Umami Burger contacted me. The GM was very concerned about our negative experience and extended their sincere apologies and invited us back to give Umami Burger, Beer Garden & Sports Book another try.  I was really impressed with the customer service, so we'll try this again.  I do have to say that my experiences at the SLS as a whole, have all been very pleasant and positive.  The SLS is a new hotel, and there are growing pains - I hope they can grow from our feedback and make the upcoming experiences wonderful.  They get 5stars for doing the right thing and offering a make-good.
2	$9 Goose Island for this location, for a local and during an NFL game? Nope, we have too many other options! Hey SLS, you do know where you are located? Not exactly center strip eh?It wasn't a good sign when the guy at the bar next to ya say "good luck" after noticing the way were thirstily eyeing the bartender. So he gets an order of onion rings (not bad looking rigng BTW) and asks the runner for some catchup and the runner says "sure, just ask the bartender and she'll get you some". Now maybe I'm becoming a stickler for service but he asked YOU for catchup not the slow ass BT. Bad form in a hospitality city like this.That was our third time at SLS... $18 in two beers, thats three strikes and we are OUT.
4	Im happy to be writing my first ever yelp! , honestly it was my first time going here with my husband thanksgiving day as we waited for my parents to come down from the hotel room. It was surprisingly not busy. The food was great! Did not take as long to come out , I had a tuna burger honestly when it came out I was scared to eat it , but taste way better then whats it looks like ha , the vibe in there was fun , are server was fantastic really friendly and sweet I wish I could remember her name to give her credit she deserves , the young man that brought are food was so helpful and topped off are experience by just having personality he was very big with tattoos , made sure we had are napkins and condiments. Etc before he left. Overall great experience. Thank you umami
3	We came here for post-race grub. I had just finished the LV RnR 5k which went around the SLS hotel and we decided to eat at SLS since we wanted to explore the hotel/casino.Because we weren't dressed to impress and I was in my race gear, the quickest place we found with no wait was Umami. Good choice since they served beer and had the college football games on. TONS of TVs! YESSSSSWe were led to a nice table in the restaurant. The tables are kinda close together and you can literally talk to your neighbors. We were serviced by a really nice lady who was friendly and accommodating to our needs. Because of our race, we had 2 for 1 draft beers. NICE! We started off with a couple of drafts and then ordered truffle fries ($6.5) to share. I ordered the Truffle Especiale protein burger (parmesan cheese, fried egg, truffle butter and truffled arugula ($14). The fiancee order the Cali Burger (butter lettuce, roasted tomato, house spread and house American cheese ($12).Damn these burgers were pretty expensive and lacked flavor. IMO, needed salt (which are not available on the tables). Without the buns, the portion is small. I did enjoy the fries however. Thin and crispy.We ordered the Mintimalism Coolhaus dessert ($7). Basically it's an ice cream sandwich. It was a nice treat to have minty ice cream with chocolate chip cookies. MMMGreat place for beer and fries and to watch sporting events in a kick back atmosphere.
1	Service sucked !13$ soggy so also sucked. Sad I was looking forward to this place wonder why people rave about it. Stick to in and out...and they charge 20% tip so I guess service doesn't matter...
4	Yup...I'm back!! Found out today, if there is a group of you and you are not super hungry....order a few burgers to share and taste, some fries and nachos and it is PERFECt
5	I was there last Saturday afternoon and not only were the burgers and fries amazing but Mandy was the best server I have had. Very sweet and on top of it and very tentative. Highly recommend!
1	Nothing Special , actually kinda dissapointed because i was expecting more decent food. Burger is so small and patties are cooked dry. I wouldnt pay $12 or more for a burger  just go to Gordon Ramsay Burger
5	First time at the umami in Las Vegas. As always the food is great. Ordered the Royale, onion rings, and peanut butter ice cream sandwich. The burger was mouthwatering good. If you haven't tried any variation of umami's truffle burgers you are seriously missing out. I gave this umami 5 stars bc there is more variation of drinks/beers but also AJ was super sweet, attentive, and checked on our table all the time. Customer service is what makes this Umami burger stand out from the other umami's in LA that I've been to.
3	This is not my first time at Umami, but this was my first time at this location. My first Umami experience was at The Camp in the OC.  I wasn't impressed with the service, the wait, and my burger at the OC location. At the time, I thought Umami was just over-hyped.  After my experience at this location, I'm convinced...I know Umami is over-hyped.  Let's start with service. We arrived around 1:40 PM on a busy football Sunday.  We were fortunate to get seated right away.  Our orders were taken fairly quick and our waitress was attentive. The service and the wait at this location is 10 times better than the location in Orange County.  I just think we got lucky and had a good waitress.  The guests seating directly behind us weren't so fortunate. I noticed that no one was attending to them. After about 10 minutes, they left.  This Umami was packed with enough TV screens that there's no chance of missing any football action.  There's even a sports book right inside Umami.  If you're a fan of William Hill's Sports Betting, then you'll love the ambiance here.  I didn't place any bets because most of the afternoon football action was already closed.  Good for me. That also means I didn't lose a cent.  I thought that the food was less than average. We started out with their Smothered Fries, which is their thin fries covered with braised short ribs.  This wasn't bad, the burger on the other hand, was. If you've been to Umami, then you know that their burgers look better than they taste.  First of all, Umami uses a thick or high bun.  The bun alone is about 4 inches high. I think this is done intentionally to compensate for a weak burger patty.  I got the B.U.B, which is supposed to be 12 oz.  For a 12 oz burger, it was small, exceedingly greasy, and lacked taste.  The burger is so greasy and the bun so soggy from the grease that you're almost forced to eat your burger quick.  Otherwise, your burger will turn into an open face burger.  Yes, it gets all over the place. I wasn't impressed with Umami. I wasn't impressed at all.  Overall, I was disappointed with the food at Umami's.  The only reason this Umami gets 3 stars from me is because of their sports book and game day TV screens.
4	This was a very nice restaurant and the burger was truly savory as the name would have it.  I had the manly burger and it was so yummy and messy.  Very flavorful and the juices just oozed with every bite.  They put thick slabs of bacon chunks on top of the burger so when you bite into one, you just get a big chunk of chewy, moist bacon flavor.Each bun was branded with the "U" logo which was pretty cool.  Not too pricey, but everything is Ala carte so fries are separate. :(Looks like a great place for parties.  Very trendy, but when I was there, it was not too busy so although it was a nice atmosphere with large screens everywhere, the room lacked the buzz.Nice drink menu.  Even offered frozen Kirin beer, which sounded yummy, but too cold for this Hawaii girl in Vegas!Overall it was a great dining experience and would definitely go back for my manly burger....Yum!
3	Visited the restaurant today for a late lunch. Restaurant was almost empty. Food was very good would give it five stars.  Service was slow and the waitress was not attentive
2	First off, if you're going to call yourself a beer garden, please have more than ten common, mediocre beers on draft. Selection of bottled/canned was okay, and they had a handful of unusual ones but not enough to justify the name. Personally I don't consider Stella Cidre a "specialty beer" but whatever.Food was decent- be aware that the burgers themselves are small. Though other reviews complain of the meat being overcooked and dry, mine was cooked to perfect medium rare- opted for the truffle burger and was pleasantly surprised by it.  Hatch burger was decent, Mintilamism dessert was too- not worth writing home about. The service was, though... in a bad way.First words from our server were "Hi, I'll be with you guys in a few minutes." Um, okay. She was alright, aside from weird timing issues where our first round of drinks didn't come out until our burger. She was a lot friendlier an hour in when her shift was up and she was encouraging us to close our tab- not a problem. However, the server she handed us off to, Sarah(?)-- never ONCE checked on us in the additional 90 minutes we stayed watching the second half of the Spurs game. No one did. For ninety minutes. There's that crappy SLS service I'd heard about.Also, please note that though the booths come with private screens, in order to change the channel your server will have to ask the sports book staff- weird and inconvenient set up.
1	This is by far the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant. We waited one hour prior to getting waters. The manager even came over to the table and all he offered was the measly water that we had been waiting for for more than an hour. The food was subpar the service was ridiculously slow. As being a Vegas local, I thought this was a poor indicator of how service is in this town. Although, I probably will come back again because I live so close I hope the service will be better. We also had to get our own drinks from the bar because they were taking so long to get to our table.
3	Pretty good burger but the size is very small. Service is good. We ordered French fries and the waitress brought up different kinds of sauces along.
3	Umami burger has been hyped up for me, so this was disappointing. It's in the SLS, which I thought smelled odd. It's connected with a sports bar, which threw me off. It made me wonder if I was having a true umami experience.Our server was wonderful. She was the only server on Christmas eve, and you could tell she was working hard. Kudos to her.I had one of the truffle burgers and tempura onion rings. The burger comes out looking visually stunning. I enjoyed eating it until about halfway through. After that, the truffle oil felt overwhelming and I didn't want to finish it. The tempura onion rings were huge and so light tasting. They were delicious with the house ketchup.I'd give umami burger another chance, but maybe not this particular one.
1	The burgers itself are delicious.. The truffle fries are nothing short of GODLY.Unfortunately the service was quite the opposite..the first time we showed up we had placed an order at 11:00PM for a few of their signature jose andrees burgers.we were standing around waiting, they said they could text us when it was ready so I left my # and we hit the tables. a few heaters later, no text.some more heaters, still no text.no text, no calls, no texts. you get the point..we went back and had inquired about our burgers through an employee who said she would go and check, she left.inquired again through another employee, he left.. never came back.we saw them bring out several to-go orders and leave them on the bar counter and we had asked if either of them were ours.. the waitress said not yet and she, just like the others said she would go and check.at around 12:15AM my friend said forget it, he hopped the line and started checking bags. WHAT DO YOU KNOW? our order was sitting on the counter and the completed ticket said 11:30PM.Our burgers were sitting on the counter for 45 minutes, cold as a pair of rock solid fake silicon implants.***we asked the girl at the bar, she said sorry, I can get you guys a free round what would you like? **I asked for a Hennessy on the rocks and she said SORRY, ONLY WELL-DRINKS. OR A BEER. I dont want to sound like a snob but keep in mind we paid $40 for two burgers and some FRIES?!?the manager said sorry, ill see if they can make you a new set. after eating they were just nuked a bit because the bread was softer than a pair of real.. well, nevermind.he apologized and said if we came back he would take care of us.we ordered $220 worth of burgers to the rooms and the truffle fries were delicious. we also came back and dined in to watch the sunday games while gambling away our life savings and the waiter wearing the packers jersey on 12/14 was phenomenal.either way we didnt get the manager, didnt want to be disappointed.
4	Love this place! I've been to Umami Burger in NYC and it's excellent; honestly, no different at this location. The service is great. Our waiter was very friendly and attentive. I had the Greenbird Burger - delicious! The fries were a bit over salted but still really good. Drinks are good; I had the Black Raz Mojito which wasn't overly strong but still pretty good. Prices are high.. that's the only drawback to this place (seems more like NYC than Las Vegas). But if you're just visiting Vegas and need some good food and beer (they have quite a selection), then it's worth it!
2	I like Umami Burger but not this location.The quality standard at this location was poor and what the heck, why it has to be inside a sports book? We decided to take a seat outside but even there TVs hanged on the walls and people were watching them without paying attention to the food.
3	I was skeptical trying Unami Burger at first because of some of the low reviews. I had  a 50% off coupon because it was my birthday month so I figured , "why not"? I called ahead of time to the hotel's players club to see how to redeem the coupon and they told me to redeem it at Unami Burger. When I got to Unami Burger they told me to go to the players club to redeem it ....see the run around. Finally the players club had to work with Unami on how to redeem it. When I got back the fries were cold and the burger was warm but at least the problem was solved. I had the Manly Burger which consisted of beer cheddar, bacon lardons (bacon chunks), smoked salt onion strings, house ketchup, and mustard. The burger was juicy and had a distinctive taste it didn't taste like a burger from Jack and the Box or anything like that. The burger was overall very tasty. The Make em Manly fries was a different story. In short they tasted pretty bad the fries being cold didn't help either. It had the same toppings as the burger but the taste differed in the fries . It was too salty for me to eat and the fries were not crispy enough to withstand the toppings. The fries ended up a soggy mess. I ended with Mintimalism for dessert. It's a double chocolate chip cookies with dirty mint chip ice cream. I wouldn't suggest this unless you really like mint like I do. It felt like Christmas in my mouth which was great because I wanted to get rid of the salty taste of the fries out of my mouth. The service was very accommodating despite the birthday coupon snafu. They kept checking on us to see if we needed anything else. If you don't want to try Unami for full price the SLS offers 50% off one of their restaurants every Sunday. You would need to call ahead to the players club to see which one is being discounted on that Sunday.
4	I heard a lot of buzz around Umami this last year. Friends, yelp, and a whole slue of other people have told me how much their love their burgers. While I enjoy a good gormet burger, normally I find myself always going back to The Counter and calling it good because I have yet to find something to top that experience. While Umami is indeed really good, I still do not think it takes the title of being top dog. We were eating at the SLS and everyone wanted to try a new burger. We sat down in the heavy sports bar feel of umami because there are TV's absolutely everywhere just like a sports book. It took us a forever and a half to get served because of a mix up, but when we actually ordered everything was smooth sailing. I shared a truffle burger and some sweet potato fries. I loved the truffle on the burger, the cheese, the patty being cooked just right, and the bun. It was just a little bit small for what I was paying I feel. I got the sweet potato fries because my girlfriend really wanted them. Normally I hate sweet potato fries, but these were not like other's I have had before because they had cinnamon sugar sprinkled on them. This must have been magic pixie dust because it made them go from something I do not enjoy to a plate of fried potatoes that I wish I was no longer splitting with someone else.
3	We are here later in the evening because we were staying at the SLS. There were nit many places open and we were kind of tired after a long drive. The food was mediocre! Nothing was terrible but nothing blew me away. The cocktail was very fake tasting and tasted like a diet juice. I probably wouldn't go back!
5	Our waitress forgot about us halfway through our meal, but when we brought it to the general manager's attention she comped us and genuinely expressed how sorry she was. I would definitely come back based upon my interaction with the GM, Rachel. I frequent the Umami in Los Feliz, and the burger here was just as good. It's always nice when a chain can stay consistent.
3	After a long day driving to Vegas, I wanted to get some food close to the hotel we were staying at. Unfortunately, I didn't want the buffet since I had heard some bad things about it so decided to go to a better place (being Umami).I know there are other Umami burgers (one in SF), but I definitely wanted to try it. As a family we ordered the smother 'em fries and a some nachos. We had them to share. The nachos were good - like regular nachos with beef. However the smother 'em fries are delicious. Gravy and shredded short ribs are a delicious topping to fries. It's really like poutine without the cheese curds. Wished that we could just get the fries poutine style! I ended up ordering the Royale burger - with short ribs, truffled aioli, and truffle cheese. All this truffle is delicious in a burger. My dad ordered the original which he enjoyed. Brother ordered the B.U.B. which was a big burger. 2 patties is quite a bit to eat, but he seemed to have enjoyed it a lot. Mom ordered the ahi tuna burger. Delicious! Overall, decent service, kind of slow, but there quite a few people eating at 9, but then again it is Vegas. Burgers came before the nachos and fries which we wanted as an appetizer which was kind of weird.
4	There were four of us. Two of us are very picky eaters and the other two are foodies who just live for food. We are Las Vegas locals and we decided will check out this place . All of us were impressed. The food was great. I couldn't eat anything with onions my partner had a lactaid problem. They made perfect changes for both of us to have a great meal. Raves on the onion rings. I could go on and the burgers and the great salads and the drinks wow. We will be back. And Joshua was a great waiter.
4	Amazing service. Really. I've never heard of this burger chain, but hadn't eaten in 12 hours and 12 states. I just wanted a burger. The menu was a befuddlement of strange ways to make a burger. I picked a Cali burger but without the house sauce (careful due to egg allergy). It tasted weird, really...weird. The tomato was a glop (fire roasted apparently) and the onions were more like egg noodles - wet cooked strings. I scraped it off and tried again but it still tasted weird. Megan, my attentive waitress, asked if everything was good. I expressed my opinion. Although I didn't like it I didn't blame the restaurant. Sometimes things just aren't to your taste. However my  surprise and delight the manager immediately swooped in, organized for me as close to a "regular" burger as they were able to construct - which was basically burger, bun, lettuce, raw onions. The manager also brought over a selection of sauces on the side. She asked if I like mustard. I said don't even go there I only like colemans. 3 minutes later she showed up with a side dish of English mustard! The new burger was much more to my liking.So there you go - it's not my kind of restaurant - but that's no-ones fault. This place went above and beyond to make it as right as they possibly could. Epically amazing service.
3	The Truffle Burger was good.  A decent sized burger that was juicy and tasty. The truffle aoli sauce was oozing out.  The Bun had a big U logo toasted on top.  Nice touch.  Had it with the Panko Onion Rings which were light and crispy.  Awesome home made ketchup for dipping.
5	My coworkers and I had an amazing lunch today...We tried the Truffle Burger, Truffle Especial, BBQ Burger, the sweet potato fries, the truffle fries and the onion rings! The food was absolutely delicious, the decor is great and the service was pretty good. I would have gave them 4-stars since the service was semi-lack luster, but the food was easily 6-stars, so it averaged out! Lol Our fat asses also got two ice cream sandwiches and they were both great! (Snicker doodle and mint)This place is a must try...
2	It's pretty crazy how an experience can vary from one day to another.We came in to just grab some dessert. We got a couple of ice cream cookies and shared it among friends. Amazing! The salted caramel is probably my favorite. More importantly the gentleman that served us was AWESOME. Even though we were JUST getting dessert, he treated us super nice, was super personable and even checked in on us to see how the desserts were.So, we came back the next night. This time to eat....sure cookies were the plan, but also to grab a late meal. This time, shiz went south. Real fast.Placed our orders...and even though it was pricey I ordered a frozen beer. I think they are only available in a few places so I said what the heck. Got SUPER excited...then....our waitress forgot my beer. Like never wrote it down, never came with it. Burgers came out. They were good....I mentioned to the waitress my beer (after flagging her down ... since she disappeared for a while). And told her we'd like to take a look at the dessert menu.5 minutes pass.10 minutes pass.She finally comes back! Alright, so do you guys want dessert? UMMMM...you forgot to bring dessert menu??? Oh, yea...here let me get you one. No, that's fine. We will skip dessert. At this point I was frustrated. She didn't bring my beer. She wasn't around the entire time. She forgot the dessert menu. I asked for the manager and she came over. She gave me what I considered to be a pre-rehearsed speech. "We are going to take care of your meal." No, thank you...I'd like to pay. I just wanted you to know that your waitress really ruined the experience...and the guy the night before is AWESOME. "I understand sir, that you didn't ask to speak to me to get a comped meal, but we will be taking care of it since you were not 100% satisfied." It was robotic they way she said it. I reduced again. We went back and fourth a few times...then she finally brought my bill.Listen, I'm sure they deal with drunk, angry customers all the time. But I was obviously sober (she forgot my beer, remember?). I genuinely wanted the manager to know, hey...this person is f'n up while also give props to the other dude. She seemed uninterested, and just offered a comp meal as a solution. I didn't want a comp meal.So while the food is good - the service can really ruin the experience.
3	Our bartender at the front bar, Liz was awesome! Totally great service and attentive. The other female bartender that was on was creep. We were playing and she was obviously a gaming bartender and was creepy hustling us.  The nachos and fries were awesome! My biggest complaint with this restaurant is that 3 times I've been turned away to try to go out to eat and drink at the outside bar around 9:00 pm when there are plenty of people out there. They told us they were just waiting for people to clear out but we ate and left before the space even cleared out. It was nice out and we wanted to enjoy it.
