5	With China aggressively buying up gas for their national strategic reserve and the price of an average Tesla costing more than the annual salaries of 3 1/2 fry cooks or 3 bank tellers or 1 top 25 fashion blogger, the price of gas continues to outpace the growth of paychecks for the bottom 93%.The best way to keep your automobile related expenses down to the absolute minimum, is to not have a car at all and bum rides off of your friends and/or learn to appreciate biking in 100 degree heat to your destinations.  If that option is not suitable for your personality type or lifestyle, driving less and carpooling more, and use GasBuddy and other similar gas price comparison websites and app is the way to go.  Costco is usually the lowest or very close to the lowest price in the area, plus with cash back benefits from most credit card companies like American Express, it is hands down the cheapest refueling option.Having a Costco membership or knowing someone that does is essential to minimizing the size of pie categorized for gas purchases relative to your overall expenses.Oh before I forget, this Costco gas location is at the Costco Business Center on MLK. The lines are typically a lot shorter than the ones at other Costco gas locations. A huge plus, since why waste gas idling your car while you wait to fill up on cheap gas? Just follow the lanes clearly marked for the lines you are queuing up in and completing this errand will be as painless as possible.So with that out of the way, who is available to shuttle me to and from work?
4	Although I don't stop here that often, it is such a handy option and I do have a Costco membership.  I left early Wednesday night for the play at the Smith Center.  A short detour into Costco and then out onto Symphony Park Avenue and I'm on my way to the Smith.As Tony T. notes in his review, the lines here are far less than other Costco outlets.  I drove right to the pump.  That's generally the way it is.I'm a fan!
4	Some of the cheapest gas closest to the Strip.Terrible traffic flow leaving the gas station as you have to drive around the entire left side of the parking lot avoiding bad drivers and customers walking in/out of the front entrance just to leave after getting gas!
5	Located at the Costco Business Center on MLK, just off I-15, this location makes it convenient to gas up at Costco when you're near the downtown area. Requires a Costco membership but this place is likely the lowest price you'll see in the surrounding area. I often exit here to gas up when I'm heading south on I-15 because it is so conveniently located. Unlike other Costco gas stations, this one never has too long of a line and I never need to wait for more than 1 car to gas up and leave before it's my turn. Sometimes you pull up and the pumps are completely empty! Gone are the days of idling impatiently while waiting to fill up on discounted gas! I'm thinking it's because of its location and most people living on this side of town probably don't have a Costco membership...just saying! Oh and they have regular (87 octane) and premium (91 octane) in case you were wondering!
