4	Suprisingly not too bad... and i didnt get sick... I just popped in to get a taco and bean burrito and it was very good and super cheap... this is almost like one of those taco stands you would find in mexico, but it is indoors... and they even had a "vintage" street fighter 2 video game... i have not seen one of those in like 10+ years... but if you want some food the same price as T-Bell but more of the real deal check it out...
4	OK. I can't believe I've kept this secret for so long. I can't believe I'm about to walk out of yet another closet. But if I can help just one person...Yes. I crave. On occassion. Ok, like weekly. Filiberto's carnitas tacos. That's all I've ever had from here. Always drive thru. God forbid any of my foodie friends from yelp or chowhound see me. Two perfect little corn tortillas, filled with tender and juicy pork with a few crispy edges, cilantro and pico de gallo. Ole. I eat them in my car. With a measure of guilt and shame. But it just it makes it more exhilirating. And tastey. Ahhhh...a weight has been lifted!
3	OK...so I am waiting for Yelp to get into the half a star system so things aren't so cut in dry, I gave this place a 3 but it probably is more like  a two and a half star joint..OK so my first day in Phoenix this was the first place I had ever eaten, a friend of mine took me there and afterword asked me how I liked my grilled cat;) in any event then this place was a dump, and I might of thought that he was serious about the fried cat in my burritos, now since that time this place has come quite a ways but not quite that far. As far as the drive thru goes it is super fast, and going inside is not suggested, it is a bit dirty and even when it looks clean you still have the feeling like your in a scene from Joe's apartment and the roaches are hiding around every corner and under every napkin holder waiting to jump up and start water skiing across your salsa dish. The food ranges on decent, I always end up with the carne asada burrito or super nachos which is enough for two people to say the least.  But I have had some bad experiences their two, where the burritos feel like they were dipped in beef water not good...or the nachos are so greasy that they eat through the Styrofoam container they are served in. The staff is friendly for the most part, and this place is ALWAYS open! This is my late night nothing else is open except jack in the crack I am hungry but not that hungry place to eat. I would have to say stay away from any place that has the word berto's in it which I think is Mexican for fireass, but in general this location is good enough for me to yelp about it, I would say yelp it at your own risk, but for after hour drunk food it will suffice.
3	I tried a carne asada quesadilla and was grossed out by the huge amount of meat in the tortilla. Next, I tried guac and chips and was grossed out by the slimy guacamole. I thought I would never return.The next week at school, however, I saw my teaching colleague enjoying a Filliberto's breakfast burrito and it looked delicious. She confirmed to me that their breakfast items are generally tastier than their lunch and dinner items.That same week, I headed to Filiberto's for a bacon, egg and cheese burrito. In contract to my disgusting dinner choices, this menu item was delicious! The large tortilla, crispy bacon and real-tasting eggs made for a satisfying breakfast. I was definitely "full" for the morning AND lunch.Come to Filiberto's for breakfast at dawn (or breakfast at lunch or dinner), but don't come back at dusk.
4	Great new building and this one didn't get swallowed up by that Julioberto's crap that's infecting several Filiberto's locations.  Consistent food that you definitely need to be in the mood for.  Chips and salsa in the dining room now, and no more bad seating.  Good show.
4	this is a newer, cleaner location.their agua frescas are very good. get the cheese crisp! delicious simplicity!free chips and salsa if you dine inside!
3	I've gotta say that the food is good and I no longer eat at Taco Bell because I enjoy this so much more.  The reason why they don't get 5 starts is because their service SUCKS!  The girls in the drive thru are always miserable and awful, they never say hi or thank you.  They always mess my burrito up because I don't eat cheese and I don't think they understand so they always put so much cheese on everything.  I don't even care about that though, I just have to be very specific.  It's the customer service that gets me, I am a paying customer, put a smile on your face...
3	Had the meatiest, unbelievably stuffed beef burrito ever here. Cheap too, although it was kind of greasy. Still good though, A-OK!
4	Let me start by saying I've lived in AZ for about 8 months now and have been eating mexican food (burritos in particular) about 3 times a week since I've been out here.  I know Filiberto's is not exactly the classiest joint around, but it sure is delicious.  My first night out here I got drunk with a friend and ended up at a Fili b's late night. Which is another reason to love the place, they are open 24 hours.  Anyway it had to be one of the tastiest drunk meals I've ever had. I recommend the California burrito, not on the menu but it's carne asada, guacamole, cheese, french fries, and pico. Coming from NY we would normally get taco bell late night drunk eats, this is definitely a big step up in deliciousness and has a lot of great items on the menu all reasonably priced as well... give it a shot, I don't think you'll be disappointed.
4	Anyone who's been reading the reviews I have posted since we moved to the Phoenix area knows I have been in search of good chile rellenos.  It's been frustrating.  How hard is it to take a poblano, roast and peel it, stuff it with cheese, batter it, fry it, arrange it on a plate and dribble sauce on it?  (Well, obviously not SO easy or I'd make the damn things at home!)  So DH and DD (Dear Dog) and I took a road trip to Tucson to check out Mt. Lemmon.  (It rained---what was that all about?)  and we come cruising back into the Phoenix area about 8.30 pm Saturday night and DH is asking what we are having for dinner.  "Whatever we stop and pick up", says me!  I am thinking Mexican in my head, but unlike back in the old 'Hood, there ain't a Mexican joint on every corner.  I guess we like Mexican food a lot more in the Midwest, or maybe it's because most Arizonians know how to make it at home and Ohioians don't or something.  So we are driving past Indian Bend exit off 101 and I remember I saw this fast food Mexican restaurant there when we went to LampsPlus.  So I tell DH and he recognizes the name Filiberto's.  Apparently, this was the after-hours food of choice when his brother and his friends had the munchies after a night of bar-hopping.  They said it was really good, DH says, but I don't know how toasted they were when they ate it.  But we figure---what the heck....Well, first of all, the shopping center parking lot is like a carnival.  Full of cars and people.  Apparently, they are having the world's biggest cruise-in!  But the line is short at the Filiberto's drive-thru so we pull up.  OH.  MY.  GOSH.  Number 17.  Two chile rellenos.  Okay, calm down.  This is a fast food joint.  I have been let down at some fine restaurants when it comes to rellenos.  So I order the #17, hold the rice, extra refried beans.  In the meantime, a car with a Big Muffler and a Big Stereo pulls up behind us going bruuuuum...bruuuuum.....!  Now DH doesn't eat a lot of Mexican (he's all about Italian) and he hates loud noises and we are kind of tired and nervy after a lot of hiking and driving and basically starving to death so he gets stressed and orders the #7, then as we sit, starts b*****ing because he got shredded beef and he hates shredded beef because it's always garbage.  Which I don't get, because you really don't know what's in hamburger, but that's just a spousal conflict.  (I do have reason for mentioning this---read on)  One thing we notice is that looking through the drive-thru window, the food prep area was SPOTLESS!  As DH said, you could have eaten off the floor.  Big Points!Window girl asks if we want red or green chile sauce.  We order both and she brings us three little cups of each.  I will mention that when we tried it, we found it bland and unexciting, but I told DH that a lot of times, servers will err on the cautious side because a lot of people don't like spicy the way we do.All the way back to Cave Creek, delicious aromas are eddying up from the bag.  SERIOUSLY delicious.  We almost fall over each other getting into the house.  Okay---cut to the chase.  I think I have found my relleno nirvana.  Oh, wow, they were good.  And so were the beans.  Right on par with Sammy's Burritos and Burgers!  And I was eating them lukewarm because I didn't want to heat up the guac, pico, sour cream and lettuce that was in the carry-out box and we were too lazy and hungry to empty things out onto plates.  Oh, the deep fried, cheesy, peppery goodness...  I can't explain how happy that makes me!Now, remember I mentioned DH and the shredded beef?  He could not say enough good things about the taste and high quality of the beef in the taco.  He thought the whole meal was fresh and of excellent quality and not at all "fast-foody".  In fact, he immediately texted his brother (who now lives in Cleveland) to say: wow.I couldn't eat my whole meal, so I had about half for the next day.  I could hardly wait for lunch---surely the goodness of that relleno was the result of starvation.  Nope---and this time I took the time to separate cold from hot and warm up the beans and relleno.  It was as good as a leftover for Sunday lunch as it was dinner on Saturday.  Yummo!So, I am going to have Filiberto's again very soon to see if this was an anomaly or these chile rellenos are this good all the time.  My only caveat is the closest Filiberto's is SIXTEEN MILES from my house.  What---are they prejudiced against Northern Phoenix?  What's this all about?  Why do they only have Filiberto's at Bell Road and further south.  Don't folks north of Bell deserve the good stuff?  I mean--Taco Bell?  Huh.  But I am very excited.  Yay!  Thank you, Filibertos---you have made me so happy!
1	Gross.Desperate, I ate here and regretted it about 10 minutes after finishing and for the next 24 hours.
5	really good food and not expensive
4	Love Filiberto's---love Filiberto's---love Filiberto's!  Everytime is as good as the first!  (But also, the red and green sauce has remained the same---fortunately, we have a goodly supply of Arizona Gunslinger Green Sauce at home!)Please, Filiberto's, we need a location closer to Cave Creek and Carefree!  I promise I'll come order a #17 at least twice a week!
4	Deep fried chile relleno is so yummy. It's been a weekly habit of mines for months now. How could you pass up a $4 burrito stuffed with 2 chile rellenos, pico de gallo, guacamole & sour cream? The hardest part is stopping at one. God bless the Mexicans and their delicious food!
3	fili b's is strictly a late night post booze place-i would never go here during daylight hours. that being said, it's actually pretty good and a heck of a lot better than your other 24 hour drive through options. not once have i gotten sick, had a stomachache, or had "use your imagination digestion issues" like other people on here have complained about. and since it's one second from my house i've eaten here more times than i can count. no issues ever. i usually get the chile relleno, arizona burrito, or the country burrito. all are huge and can be easily split with your closest drinking buddy. and it's only proper to douse all the food in tons of red sauce (i always ask for extra and they happily comply) and to get a large horchata to complete the meal!
1	Went for a late night meal since Los Cerritos was closed. First time eating at the this location. The following day was filled with throwing up bial and not keeping anything down. Pins and needles in the hands and feet. Nausea and light headed. 90% sure I have food poisoning from this steak egg and cheese burrito with potatoes and beans. Never again.
4	I usually just go on 99cent taco tuesdays.Cant beat it!
1	Ordered the fish tacos with rice and beans. Bland, awful. Fish was overfried. Beans were not that wonderful smooth creamy texture that refried beans are supposed to be. Won't be going back.
5	Nothing beats a bean and cheese with both red and green salsa.
