5	This park sits directly on the south shore of Lake Mendota, has a modest beach, a huge grassy field surrounded by little grass covered berms and mounds and attracts more hotties than you can shake a stick at in the summertime.  On July 4th, the place is packed with locals eager to watch the amazing annual fireworks display launched out over the lake.  My house was directly across the street from here and I spent many fine summer days sunbathing and lounging on the berms.  Check out the pictures for an idea of how great this park is.
5	Perfect summer Saturdays.
5	Expansive lake views, rolling hills, and a park bench that felt like it was made just for me.
4	Canoe rental, small but sandy beach, fine fishing set up and great place to spot co-eds sunbathing!I know that last bit made me sound extra perv-y, but it's true and, I figured, worth a mention. This humble park, rest area, playground, picnic site and more was the perfect after farmer's market madness respite and a cute place to day-date with your boo, and it's totally free to enjoy, unlike a lot of the somewhat comparable(ish) Chi-Suburban beaches and Indy shoreline beaches and I LOVED that for an extremely nominal fee you can rent a bicycle and ride up and down the lakefront. I don't know that I'd eat any fish out of here, but we did see a number of people (mostly couples) fishing off the lakefront walk and there were people who had set up grills to cook up some grub as well. Everyone here less maybe one old 'girl-watcher' (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raJWuz7qQVc) seemed to be young and fresh off campus, looking to fill the day with a fun, fresh-air, outdoor activity. Not gonna lie, I love where I live, but I wish there was something out by me. I know Chicago and the 'burbs have a number of beach fronts, but on a nice day, the last place you want to be is the crazy-crowded beach with polished glass shard sand. James Madison Park, though tiny and not comparable to a Lake Michigan gathering area in any size-able terms, seemed to be exactly what the Ills is missing.
5	Nice view
5	I liked when you when you were a medium drive from the east side.I liked you more when you were a short drive from Ingersoll.Now that you're a brisk walk from my condo... IMAGINE!You have it all JMP. Well everything I want. Rentals. Sandy/(dirty) beach. Park. Volleyball. Shady spots but not shady like elicit park behavior shady spots, shady spots like under a tree shady spots. Rolling hills. (It's the flatlands... anything above flat constitutes as a hill in my book.) Sweeping vistas. People that are in better shape than I am, running around chasing balls and jeering at me as if to say, "bet you wish you could take off your shirt old man!" You don't have grills though. And I can't (legally) drink in you. But that's ok. You're enough.
4	Best spot to have some calm time by looking at the beautiful Mendota. Best spot to have a picnic with beloved ones. Best spot to have a walk looking at the sunset.Best spot to play some outdoor activities!Best spot to have some romantic date with your loved one! :)
