3	The desire for Southern Sweet Tea brought me to Jason's Deli over a year and a half ago.  It was oh so good back then and I couldn't wait to have more!  I even had a chance to try their Muffalettas that time!When I walked into Jason's Deli again, i was super excited!  I couldn't wait to get a big cup of Sweet Tea ($1.59)!  I opted for their Manager's Half Sandwich Special, which is half of any sandwich on the menu (excluding muffalettas) and your choice of one: cup of soup, read beans with sausage and rice, spicy gumbo, chili or fruit for $6.50.  I had the Grilled Portobello Panini ($6.50), 'grilled portobello mushroom marinated in leo's italian dressing, fresh avocado spread, homemade pico de gallo, fresh spinach, and asiago cheese that's pressed between olive oil basted french bread.'  This actually isn't on the menu, but it's the combination of the Chicken Panini and the Grilled Portobello Wrapini.  I had the Tomato Basil soup with my sandwich.  My panini was yummy, a bit small though, but still very good.  It also came with Jason's potato chips.  I had a few stale ones in my batch though.  And the soup was yummy as well. The BF had the Chicken Panini, 'marinated chicken breast with provolone cheese, basil pesto spread, sliced roma tomatoes and fresh spinach that's pressed between olive oil basted french bread' along with a cup of gumbo soup.  I just realized that I have no idea how his panini tasted because he never offered me a bite!  (Hmmff!  And you KNOW he got a bite of mine!)  I can't even comment on his gumbo either!My friend had the California Club ($6.25), 'oven roasted turkey breast, homemade guacamole, tomato, sprouts, bacon, swiss, and mayo on a tasted all butter croissant.'  He proclaimed, "It was the best sandwich I have ever had!"  Unfortunately, his wife had the Chicken Pot Pie which she said was not good at all.  She barely touched it.  The cool thing about Jason's Deli is that they offer free refills on their beverages, free soft serve, and free muffins!  Unfortunately, they ran out of the Sweet Tea!  This was maddening and they claimed they didn't have anymore for a Saturday afternoon!  The BF and I were deeply distraught about this incident.  When we asked another employee if they refilled the tea yet, she replied, "You can go up there and check..."  Gosh, I guess I'm used to a bit better customer service.  Oh well, what can you say?Overall, at Jason's Deli you go up and give your order and then pay for it.  You take your number and help yourself to your own beverages.  Take a seat and wait awhile for your food. Your order is brought to you on a tray and that's the end of the customer service there.  The menu ranges from soups to salads to pasta to wraps to baked potatoes to favorite sandwiches to make your own sandwiches to muffalettas to po'boys to paninis and wrapinis and a few desserts even.  They have a pretty large menu to choose from.  Since April 15, 2005, all their restaurants became free of partially hydrogenated oils, which means "no trans fat"!    Yeah...I'll be back for their Sweet Tea...but you KNOW I'll be checking to make sure they have enough for our refills!
4	I can't get enough of this place....there is always some unknown force that drives me here to lunch frequently. The food here is great and I  have yet to try many items on the menu, but I can't stray away from my two favorite sandwiches. Don't get me wrong, I am pretty adventurous when it comes to exploring new options but I think it might just be because my addictive personality/palate always seems to be exposed when I am here. With that said, here are the two sandwiches that have caused my addiction to this place:1. The Muffalettas: I can't seem to find a good muffaletta outside New Orleans but this one definitely makes up for that. The sandwich is enormous....fresh ham, salami, provolone cheese and a kick-ass olive spread that I wish I could bottle up and take home with me.2. The New York Yankee: This sandwich is so good!!....but why does it have to be called a New York Yankee???New York Yankee Sandwich = a winner in my book/ tastes greatNew York Yankees = losers in my book/leaves a bad taste in my mouthDoesn't add up....but I guess the fact that the baseball team is in second place/behind by about 20 games and this sandwich is my second fav. actually does!! Whew...thank God it's just a sandwich!!  Two of my favorite deli meats, corned beef and pastrami with swiss ( I always order extra cheese...tastes great) on rye. Because I am also addicted to sweet tea, I always order one to go with this sandwich and muffaletta. Theirs is the best way to wash the food down and drown out the fact that I actually like a Yankee....God Help Me!!
4	Jason's Deli is pretty good, but not great.  The sandwiches are definitely above average, but they don't seem as big as everyone else says they are.  I personally like the turkey panini.  Bonus points for delivery service, and online ordering.
4	I haven't had anything from here that I didn't like.  The portions are huge (OMG, have you seen their baked potatoes?!?).  The muffaletta and club royale are my favs.
4	Yum!  I was impressed by this place, expecting a regular deli.  What I got was a large selection of sandwiches, soups, salads and baked potatoes.  The service is good and the restaurant itself is big and open with lots of natural light.  I will definitely go back and probably have just as difficult a time deciding what I want from their impressive menu.  The only sour thing I have to say is that my boyfriend is convinced that the shrimp in his gumbo was tainted and made him ill.  I cannot prove this... My sandwich was great!
5	Jason's Deli consistently has fresh, tasty, perfectly seasoned salads and sandwiches. My favorite is the. . .  Nutty Mixed-Up Salad 7.79organic field greens, grapes, chicken breast,feta cheese, walnuts, dried cranberries,pumpkin seeds, raisins and organic apples.served with leo's balsamic vinaigrette.Can't go wrong with any of those ingredients!
5	Every time we have ordered lunch from Jasons they have come through no doubt. The wraps and sandwiches are always fresh and made with real quality ingredients and i have never had a bad experience. Today was no different. I did not want a large lunch and was not really that hungry so I ordered the Fresh Fruit plate, It came with the perfect amount of Cantaloupe, strawberries and pineapple. All the fruit was fresh, sweet and perfectly chilled. The other nice thing that Jasons offers that some other delis near my place of employment do not offer is delivery. Jasons delivered our lunch at the scheduled time with no issues.  If you want a healthy meal or a heavy burger for lunch this place is for you, they have food for everyone at a great price. If you pay attention to my recommendations, add this one to the list.
4	This is another one we found on Yelp Mobile. Sometimes you read short Yelp reviews and they don't help you at all. But Erika B.'s post on 11-5-09 couldn't have been on the money in describing Jason's Deli: "I try to stay away from chains, but I went here with [family] and liked it ... The order line is kinda unorganized which made it a little confusing." That was exactly our experience here, too.We escaped Red Rock and headed towards the Rampart-Charleston row of chain restaurants and retailers, maybe 10 blocks of regional and national eateries to choose from. Of the 30-40 choices, Jason's seemed a good lunch destination for the family.  To add to Erika B's post, Jason's has a good selection of sandwich meat and hot lunch choices, and their French roll tasted fresh and was the right crispiness. The salad bar looked ok, and the dozen soup choices should please any palate. The half-sandwich/soup combo I ordered was a good lunch deal, with the chili I chose being slightly more watery than meaty, but still good. If you have the will-power to pass on the $2 drinks and sodas, you can do well here for your lunch money.
5	Holy Hell, I love Jason's Deli.I try not to cover too many chain restaurants for my reviews, because it would be like writing that one Burger King is substantially different from the other 10,000 Whoppers you've eaten in your lifetime, but let me reiterate: I LOVE Jason's Deli.  So much so that if I were feeling more "LEET" at the moment, I would place a "Less Than" symbol followed by a number "3" after this declaration of affection, possibly adding multiple "3" symbols to really bring home the point that I'm steadfast in my affection for this place.That said, I'm a soup and sandwich man.  This has a little bit of a New Orleans flair with muffalettas and gumbo, but there are all kinds of soups and sandwiches here.  Their broccoli/cheese soup is to die for, but their other soups are no slouch.The menu changes with specials.  They have their staples, but sometimes, you can get things like Frito Pie, which hits the spot, or some other sandwich treat.  The best route in the "Manager's Special", which give you a cup of soup, a half sandwich, chips, a pickle and a soda for about $10.  You won't starve on this meal.  If you're not feeling the soup/sandwich route, there's always the salad bar.The staff has always been friendly, and the service has always been good.  I've yet to be disappointed, and I view going here as a "treat".  It's great comfort food whether it's hot or cold outside.If you're on the fence about a good deli, this place is the real deal.
3	We have always liked Jason's for the food and the portions, however this last time was just a bit disappointing. When asked about something on the menu, the girl taking our order simply responded with, "I dunno" as opposed to offering to find out or asking someone else. When I took it upon myself to ask the manager how they sweetened their sugar free cheesecake, he had no clue either. The place was a bit dirtier and unclean at the salad bar and they actually "ran out of forks." This is a restaurant people and they apparently had no more clean forks and salad bar users had to "wait." Kids get a free meal on Monday nights from 4-9 PM. The food is good and good size portions, but we will probably try it again next time we're in Vegas and hope this past visit was just a bad day for them.
3	I did like you Jason's Deli, but than my turkey wrap looked like an skinny version of what used to be my turkey wrap.  Why oh why is it so skinny? I finished the whole thing and before I could only eat half of it. For 7 dollars a pop, I would hope to get something a lil more hearty. The wrap itself was very hard to eat and the chips were so salty that I couldn't eat it. Hopefully a second chance in the future will redeem Jason's Deli to 4 stars!
2	I'll start with being positive ...they make a very tasty Meatballa Po'boy! It was so good I was sorry I ordered only half of the sandwich in favor of their half sandwich deal. The Sandwich Deal that I ordered came with a cup of soup, baked chips and a pickle spear for $8.29. I tried the Spicy Seafood Gumbo which was really too salty for me. I had three bites and I couldn't continue because it was that salty! I ordered an Organic Pomegranate Melon Tea that I thought would compliment the meal but my hopes fell flat. The tea was very bland I couldn't taste the pomegranate at all and the melon taste was barely there. The ordering was a bit confusing too because in front of carry out there are registers but they had me go all the way down to the other side of the deli to be rung up. I just think they should re invent their layout and the price of the special to stay competitive. I received a similar special at Heidi's Brooklyn Deli for only 5.99 and it was delicious.  I really wanted to like this place because it's close to home but most of the choices I made for my meal didn't deliver what I was expecting.
2	Some people like it.  I went here on the recommendation of a cousin, and I was not impressed.  I ordered the Chicken Caesar Salad, and found it very ordinary. Inside, it was cafeteria style seating with small tables crammed too close together, and lots of noisy kids.  I couldn't help but notice that a disproportionate number of the customers were overweight.  And it's a small wonder when you look at most of the items on the menu.Almost every one of their sandwiches, clubs, and wraps, contain significantly more calories and cholesterol than, say, an In-N-Out cheeseburger, in many case over twice as much. To be fair, they do have a "lighter menu" with six items on it, but only one of those items has fewer calories than an In-N-Out cheeseburger.  However, you can also ask for smaller portions (like half-sandwiches) of most of the items on the regular menu.Even though this is a deli that serves a lot of natural ingredients that are healthy, it also serves a lot of meats (advertised as lean), but no claims are made that the meats are free of nitrites or other chemical additives.  Since Jason's Deli does make claims that none of their ingredients contain trans-fat, MSG, or high fructose corn syrup (which is all good), I must assume that they have taken no steps to ensure that their meats are free of nitrites and other chemical additives, which (along with my unexceptional experience eating there) guarantees that I will stay away from this establishment in the future.
2	I used to love this place.  I dig big sandwiches that you can make your own way, and they always have a nice variety of soups.  I also love love LOVE their Muffalettas.  I haven't found any place that makes a Muffaletta like they do.But wow has this place gone down hill.  The last few times we've been, there have hardly been any workers at all.  Last time, I had to stand at the cash register for about 5 minutes, waiting to pay, because they had to find an employee who could jump off the food line and come ring me up.  Huh?The salad bar has also started to look kind of funky, and everything just looks kinda "dirty."  The floors need a good deep cleaning, as do the bathrooms.  And to top it off, the whole place has a very weird smell.  It kind of reminds me of an old elementary school cafeteria.  And not in a good way!If I had a major craving for a Muffaletta, I could probably convince myself to go back, but I'm definitely in no hurry.  It's a shame, too, cuz I really used to be a Jason's fan!
5	3 things that i love about this place. 1. Unlimited croutons to compliment my soup.2. Handful of iced tea choices, 3. The comfy simplicity of the place.But not limited to: the wide selection of hot gourmet soups that nourish my body. They pick the best selection of beef for pastrami. Free self serve ice cream in a cone. Staff is overall friendly. Food is so very filling, I always find myself bringing extra food home In a to-go box. But then again, maybe it's from the unlimited croutons I use to dip in my tomato soup. I definitely love coming here.
4	I love this place, I always order the Turkey club, the combo getting chips and a pickle. The sandwiches are huge and can really fill you up. They have a soup and salad bar and plenty of drink choices. My husband and I have always had great customer service whenever we come in.
5	I've been bringing my family to this location since 2003. We love this place. They have always treated us well. The manager has seen our 5 kids grow up, and she greets us every time with a big smile and hug! Love the food! My favorite is the California Club! Our family loves the staff! This is our favorite place!
4	*****100th review!!! I think!!! LOL!!!!*****Sooo I've been longing for a delicious deli that doesnt cost an arm and a leg!! My ex suggested here and off we went!I got the turkey bacon and avocado and the bf got the pastrami (i think!!) we ordered, paid, got our drinks, and some little muffins and bread! We took our seat and I tried all our little goodies... oh my they were delish! My son loved the hard bread and the bf liked the gingerbread. The wait wasnt long and our order was already coming out! I seen them and was super pleased! His sandwich was HUGE!! My little got the regular ham sandwich and was happy with it. My sandwich looked AMAZING! I was excited to eat it!! I took a bite and I swear I creamed my panties! It was soooo yummy!!! There was enough of everything in the sandwich, it was perfect! The bread was soooooo yummy as was the spicy mayo! I took a bite of his pastrami and was floored! I never had it before but this was insanely good! I kept stealing his meat that would fall out LOL. The service there was super good! They were very attentive and kind, the place was very clean and I seriously had no problems! We went back and I tried another sandwich (I dont remember what) which was also super delish! I also tried the strawberry shortcake and almost melted! If you look at the photos I have one in there! FRESH strawberries, whipped cream, and the softest angel food cake I've ever tried! This dessert was totally ace!I will totally be back and enjoy the yummies they have here, you should too!!
5	Love this place.  Their portions are pretty big, I always end up with something left over.  And their soups are tasty.  It kind of reminds me of Panera Bread, but with bigger servings and more selection.  And they deliver.  $20 minimum for delivery, understandable.Service is a very relaxed, unfortunately sometimes rude, but I don't have to spend much time with them so I can overlook it.Other than that, this is a great place for soups and sandwiches.  Their pastas are delicious too.
4	Me and my co workers order from them quite often. Great food, big portions and decently priced. We order off their website and never have had any problems with our orders!
4	Close to REI (!!), good prices, great food quality, huge portions, yummy cranberry walnut cookie.  :)  It's upscale cafeteria dining with table service!  I like the low-cal options as well as the salad bar (unlimited house brand graham crackers?!!! they're so good!).  Unpretentious and great for hanging out.  I came here the other night with two musician friends to talk shop and we stayed for a couple of hours without guilt.Did I mention how good that cran-walnut cookie is?
4	This place rocks! Love the food and the free ice cream! I would suggest the New York Yankee, but get it on a roll! I would also say come hungry as the portions are big and for some reason it's hard to know when to stop!
5	I love this place. The food is fresh and delicious  Always crowed I had a Reuben sandwich. Price $8.79. Hugh sandwich to share. Another favorite is seafood gumbo. I am sad they ran out of gumbo today. I think this is a good place when you are hungry because the food come out really fast. One thing I don't like is the parking. Not many spots to park there. I park across the street and walk in.
4	We will return. We like this place. The food is good, large portion sizes, and reasonably priced. The parking is not so good, but huge parking lot nearby. Place is usually busy. My girlfriend loves their gumbo. I love Louisiana food.  Their muffuletta brings me back to Shreveport. BTW, it is huge. Today I had the roast beef French dip sandwich. It was good. Fresh bread with plenty of melted cheese. I dipped it in the au jus. Yum, Soggy deliciousness! The sandwiches come with a pickle spear and potato chips.  The pickle was crunchy. I don't care for the chips. French fries or salad would have been better.  My girlfriend had the Reuben sandwich. Lots of pastrami. I don't usually like thousand island dressing, sauerkraut, or rye bread. However, It worked and was fabulous. I'm guessing this is their signature sandwich.  Sandwiches cost less than $10 each. Their salad bar is awesome. Best salad bar around. Lots of variety and always fresh. Don't forget to try the muffins on the salad bar. Moist and flavorful. My mother had the French onion soup. I tried. It was okay. I've had better. My father had the club sandwich on croissant. It was okay. I would recommend the roast beef French dip instead. Don't bother with dessert, there won't be room. This is not a "You've gotta try this" kind of place, but I'm a fan and will return often.
5	First time here. I really enjoyed my meal. It was so large I could only eat half of my sandwich. They had complimentary muffins and garlic bread on the salad bar for everyone even without purchasing the salad bar. Not sure on the pricing I did not buy. I will go back again.
5	Jason's deli is great.. I always order their managers half sandwich and soup special. Their half sandwich is large and I love getting baked chips. Their soups are really good and my favorite is the gumbo (broccoli and cheese is my 2nd fav)  Everyone is always very nice. too.  Their salad bar is as fresh as you can get. They have awesome chocolate mousse avail and well they are just an all around great place to goto for lunch.  You won't be disappointed.  I've been many times and ordered different sandwiches and I've enjoyed my lunch every single time.Their prices are really good too, and you get a great amnt of food for the price.  I never feel over charged at all.
5	Came here a week ago-my daughter got a free kids meal for having good grades at school.I've never been here,but after seeing how it works, it won't be the last time!She ordered a kids mac n cheese,with fruit, and drink. she showed me the salad bar, mints, and free ice cream, and self serve soda bar. It has a huge seating area, so finding a seat wasn't a problem.I didn't order anything because of a strict diet, but when it's over, I will be back!The sandwiches look amazing and I could get my favorite lunch ever-soup,salad, and sandwich!
4	Awesome deli spot my brother in law took us to. This place is pretty awesome with food, the first time I went here I got the pastrami sandwich and boy was that good. There as more to the menu that I wanted to get, but since the sandwich already filled me up, I decided to come back here the next day and try their humongous baked potato that was loaded with bacon, sour cream and chives. On top of that me and the wifey shared the salad bar. That was good. My son ended up getting the pizza both times we came here. He liked it so much that he didn't wanna try something different the second time around.I will sure be coming back here when I visit Vegas again and I will try something different along with getting the baked potato again.
5	I had been to one of these in Kansas and had to see if this one was just as good.  It is!  Great salad bar and sandwiches.  I love this place!  I always get the manager's special half sandwich half salad.  The side salad you get is a good size bowl for a one time trip to the salad bar.  If you order a sandwich from the lite menu you can get a side of fruit also that comes with yummy yogurt to dip your fruit in.  So good!  I wish they had more in Southern California.
5	Awesome veggie soup! Hands down one of the best vegetarian soups I have ever had. They have a ton of menu items including: sandwiches, paninis, soups, a salad bar, etc... Love this place.
5	Jason's Deli is just delicious!You can even order online and pick it up if you don't want to eat inside. When you order online you earn "deli dollars". Currently this reward program is for online ordering only. Once you have accumulated at least 25 points, you can start to apply what deli cash you have t your total. Very cool!I love the "California Croissant" it is just tasty. The baked potatoes are huge and too yummy! I decided I am going to start ordering the smaller baked potatoes because I just can't make room in my tummy for the big ones. This last visit I couldn't even eat half of it since it was so big!If you eat inside you can help yourself to a free mini ice cream cone! Refills on drinks are free when dining inside too. They also have a salad bar.The inside is clean and the employees are very helpful. They offer catering services and have boxed lunches.
3	It's good but it's not THAT good. Typical sandwiches...can't really mess that up. Eh...I've had better. From what I've observed, their service is pretty good but I cannot justify to give them a 4 star. And for the $7.99 meatball sandwich, I can go elsewhere and get something more tasty plus chips and drink would be included.P.S. I know some of you may like this, especially for the younger kids, but what is up with that cheapo "ice cream" machine!?!? Machines like these belong in cheap hole-in-the-wall Asian buffets...not at a sandwich shop. To each their own I guess.
3	Club royale was pretty good, but that's about it. Not crazy about potato chips. I would prefer fries, since the sandwich was almost $8.
3	The service here is not even good enough to call AWFUL. No smiles,no proper greeting, and the place is highly unorganized, and unclean. The utensils were out and not stocked, and the whole fountain area was in disarray. They should be embarrassed, and the manager should be replaced by a detail and customer service oriented person.The highlight is that the Pot Roast sandwich, and strawberry shortcake were fantastic.
3	My coworkers and I went for lunch and coincidentally all ordered the salad bar. I added a half turkey club on focaccia which was great, the bread was lightly toasted but still very soft and tender, meat and cheese hot and melted. There were 3 options for greens: baby spinach, mixed greens, and romaine. I chose Romaine and added red, yellow, and orange bell peppers, cherry tomatoes, artichokes, green peas, and feta with balsamic dressing. I also had a spoonful of the pasta salad which was nice and tangy with an italian dressing. Great place to go for a quick no fuss lunch.
4	Loved this place!! I was a little skeptical at first since I'm a vegetarian, but they had tons of organic salads and vegetarian sandwiches.  They are reasonably priced, and even have the option of a 'lighter portion' salad at a cheaper price.  Plus all customers get free ice cream cones and bread from the salad bar...  now that's a deal!
5	Can't go wrong with Jason's Deli.  They always get the orders right, always write the names of the order on the food, and the gluten free bread is cheap!  The only thing I ever get is the salad bar and I always get it to go.  My salad box is packed to the max, lettuce, fruit, veggies, hummus, beets, they have it all!  The staff is super awesome.  If they are running behind on an order they always through something in to compensate for the wait.  They gave me almost a loaf of bread for free, super nice considering that a loaf of gluten free bread is over $6 at the grocery store.
1	Woaw!  This place is horrible.  It was my first time at Jason deli, and I probably won't come back.  First off, the cashier Domonique, was extremely rude. We asked her about the salad bar and she seemed really annoyed about having to explain how it works.  When we put in our orders, she asked us what sides we wanted.  I asked her what type of fruits and veggies were offered and she straight up rolled her eyes naming off some fruits that did not even come with my wrap.  It wasn't a big deal, if she didn't know she should've just said so.We ordered the Mediterranean wrap and the turkey wrap.  Both were from the low cal menu.  Both were not good.  There is significantly less meat, and that's fine because its a low cal wrap, but it was really boring.  The side of vegetables it came with looked really old and was over cooked.  The hummus from the Mediterranean wrap was really grainy in texture, and to top it off there was a piece of rock in there.  I have no clue where that would even come from.  The manager was really nice about it, but didn't seem to know how to handle the situation much.  We didn't ask for a comp, and he didn't offer either, but he did offer to swap it for something else.While I was eating, I saw a guest loading up his plate from the salad bar.  He was grabbing some hummus and used his finger to scoop it out of the spoon onto his plate.  He then licked his finger, grabbed something else, came back to the hummus and did the same thing.  Wow, that was disgusting, and one of the reasons why I avoid AYCE joints like this.  Anyway, this whole experience left a foul taste in my mouth.  There are plenty of other places in Vegas that also specialize in sandwiches.  I'll go there before ever coming back to Jason's deli.  hah.
4	From the people who answer the phone, to the ladies who deliver the lunch to our office, the service is outstanding. They deliver on time.The food is always hot and delicious.  The sandwiches are huge. The pickles awesome.
1	There were several issues with this place with our visit around 6pm tonight.  The first one was a clear lack of English speakers in places that were needed to communicate with customers.  This caused a multitude of problems.  First, it took about 10 minutes to get my order taken with two parties in front of me because the others took so many attempts to place their order and not get understood or questions answered clearly (while other employees stood around and did nothing).Once placing our order of just two salad bars and soup, we then walked down to the end of the counter.  We are immediately told what I think was it would be brought to our table as the person pointed.  No problem, but after five minutes we went back to the counter while nobody was doing anything and told again that it would be brought to the table.  Seriously?  At least give us our salad bowls after 10 minutes.After about five more minutes we give up and go back and our bowl of soup and two empty bowls are sitting on the counter with nobody around so I just pick it up.This location need to have people that can communicate with the customers and does not need to take 15 minutes +/- to provide two bowls and a cup of soup, especially with how empty the restaurant was.
3	We went to Jason's Deli Saturday evening.  The place had some customers, I'd say about 20-25% capacity.  There were 2 people ahead of us in line to order.  There was only one cashier with 3 potential registers.  Appeared to be a little short staffed.  It took about 10 minutes until our order was placed.My wife had the salad bar and I had a chicken avocado sandwich.  It arrived at our table in good time.  The meal was good.  The staff was friendly and checked on us.  The restaurant was clean.  Would go again if in the area.
5	Truly impressive...Fantastic deli, classic Chicago decor, Large sandwiches, fresh ingredients, generous salad bar, good value. Will definitely return again!
4	Great salad bar with lots of organic choices! Perfect for my plant based lifestyle:)
5	I love Jason's Deli. I come here for one thing... the Pastrami Sandwich. The pastrami sandwich is a good size and tastes very good. I have seen my wife eat many different things from here but I can only comment about the pastrami. You can order online and accumulate deli dollars towards future orders. I eat inside every now and then but for the most part I pick up my order at the designated to-go area. The manager is usually visible and is attentive to customers. If you want to do lunch for your office they have different box lunches and catering options.
1	NOT A DELI!   Its a glorified sandwich shop.   Went there for bacon and eggs one morning only to find out they don't serve it.   Had a sunrise breakfast sandwich.  same sandwich from burger king was better and cheaper.  Don't be mislead by the word "deli".      Order and sit down.    counter staff was not friendly and cooks were loud and didn't seem to care about the image,  but, I was the only one in the place mid-morning.
2	This is a really bad Jason's Deli location. The quality of the food has continued to deteriorate. I ate here last week and had the salad bar. The lettuce was wilted and the cherry tomatoes were so old that they tasted rancid and had wrinkly skins. The restaurant itself is in a state of disrepair and the common areas, tables and countertops were all filthy. I don't know what's going on here but hopefully somebody from corporate can swoop in and fix the issues. I won't be back here until something changes.
5	Always happy with this place.  Great to order from when your on the go. Huge portions come hungry leave happy amd full :-)
5	Excellent quality food, the sandwiches and soups are always hooked up just right. I'm always customizing my orders and they are always coming out exactly how I ask. I order delivery to my business and to my home. The manager Joe is on top of his game he must be double checking the orders because they never come incorrectly. I highly recommend the broccoli cheese soup and the Cuban press. The chocolate chip cookies are always soft and freshly baked. Thanks to all the staff for making the food consistently and delivering on time !
4	Great Rueben sandwich! The corned beef was great. Only thing is that it's a little pricey. $9.50 for a sandwich and chips is a little high.
4	Came here for lunch on a weekday afternoon. Slightly passed lunch time so it wasn't busy. Tried a special they had up on the board. Pastrami Sourdough Meltdown. Asked for a water cup but they gave me a normal to-go-able cup (is that normal? or were they out of water cups?). Either way, i still got water. Not much of a fan of soda anyway. Like all other locations, for all customers, free garlic toastettes, and muffins. I love getting a plate full of the brown ones. Always forget what they were called. But not too sweet. Super moist. Unique in flavor. Delicious ^_^ Pastrami Sourdough Meltdown was i believe $7 ? Smaller than the usual sandwiches you get from their menu (reuben the great, etc). The pastrami was nice and hot. The cheese was super melty. The sourdough was nicely toasted, not too hard. Best of all, even by the 2nd half, no soggy bottom piece of bread ! (experiences from the reuben the great...) XD sandwich overall was delicious. big fan of pastrami sandwiches. After my meal, went for a refill on water. Didn't pick up a ice cream cone this time (free for patrons as well). Nice location in Boca Park. Near home.
4	This was a nice place to eat, they have sandwiches and a salad bar, which salad bars are my favorite, it was not that expensive too.
5	Great Food, tried this place out on vacation. Clean nice location and friendly staff.
2	This place has been neglected. My club sandwich came on stale bread and my wife's salad had dry over cooked chicken.This used to be a great place for lunch, but it's dirty and tired looking. When was the last time those windows were washed? And I know your floor is pealing up next to the salad bar, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't sweep and mop the rest of it too. There were dustbunnies floating around the entryway halfwall and the dirt build up was noticeable. Sorry Jason's.... Thumbs down in my book. "free" ice cream wasn't enough to win me over.
1	Due to a friends recommendation I decided to go back and try jasons deli again. Unfortunately, after I took first bite of my wraps the one with hummus my stomach started bubbling. I thought maybe it was just  because I was hungry. Unfortunately, after I ate my wrap (smothered in olives) eww!  I realized I had food poisoning. I haven't ever been so sick from food before in my life. I don't know what could have caused this but take precaution before eating there. :'(
2	Terrible!  Turkey sandwich with hardly any turkey. Nice place but what a rip off!  Even the free yogurt was lousy. Ok, the chips were OK. First time and the last too.
4	My husband and I come here just for the loaded baked potatoes! The place could use a little updating. Service was a bit slow our last visit, but the cashier apologized and gave us free soft drinks.
1	We came to have a quick lunch on saturday afternoon and although they were not that many people our order took over 20 minutes to come out out of the kitchen. There was only one person preparing the food and all of the other employees were just talking. There were plenty if employees to be able to provide a good service, however that was not the case. It cannot believe it takes over 20 minutes to prepare 2 sandwiches. The manager was on site, but he didn't seem to care too much! I think their is a huge management issue. If you see that you cook needs help, there should b addition staff helping each other! I dont think i'm coming back, there are plenty of good delis in here to waste your time in here!
4	I stopped into Jason's Deli for a pastrami sandwich my only complaint was I needed a much larger portion. Not that the portion was not large I just love a good pastrami sandwich. Their sandwich is outstanding, made fresh and hot. I have to stay away or I would be in there every other day. They do a good job and the prices are very reasonable. They have a number of locations around town so the rest is up to you. I had chips and salsa with a ice tea. Unlimited refills on beverages and  you can get yourself your fill of ice cream.
5	Ordered take-out today, and what a completely pleasant experience. Often when you call a restaurant, the person taking the call makes you feel like you're inconveniencing them. Jason's Deli was friendly and took the time to get the order right. The order was ready at the stated time, and the food was great (and traveled well). The whole interaction was pleasant and what a relief just to have simple customer service and a product that's what you want it to be.
2	This place has definitely gone down. I ordered a panini, and it was a sad, sad panini. Basically, a toasted sandwich. My boyfriend ordered the "New York Yankee" and it was sub-par and dry. We both didn't finish our half orders. To be fair, the salad bar was decent, and the broccoli and cheddar soup was fine. We will not be returning.
2	I just ate the saddest grill cheese I've ever come across. They put one slice of cheese on the bread and the cheese didn't go to the ends of the bread... Sorry to be harsh but I am disappointed. The last time I was here food was great but this time it seemed like they slapped it on there. The cooks need to put more passion into making their food. :/
3	I first learned about this place when they catered a company event and I picked a box that had a turkey ham and bacon club sandwich that was simply incredible.  The bread was toasted and the bacon was on point, one of the best club sandwiches I've had.  I went to the restaurant to get the same sandwich again but that particular sandwich is for the catered lunch boxes only.  I ordered a croissant club royale hoping for a the same experience.  It wasn't nearly as good but still decent.If you are catering an event you should get Jason's Deli.  Those cater lunch boxes are amazing.
3	Great salad bar, fancy sandwiches, and surprisingly upscale "healthy" food for a deli- location is frequently busy but has a large dining room to accommodate their large crowds of customers. If ordering to-go, they offer online and phone-in orders with a  separate counter entirely for takeout meals, which makes things go quicker.They have about eight soups, most of which are fairly good but unfortunately they run out of some pretty frequently- last two times I've been, the broccoli cheese and tomato basil were both out. Less-common picks like the seafood gumbo are pretty solid, if a little heavy on the salt.They have a soft-serve cone station for the dine-in salad bar participants, but I'd rather splurge on dishes like their salmon or chicken Veracruz if I want something hearty. Lots of options here. Maybe steer clear of the stuffed baked potatoes unless you're planning to split them among an entire family- they're enormous.
5	Sandwiches,salads n soup is the best here been coming to this location for some times always free ice cream....
3	Sometimes you just gotta have a salad. And when that "you" is me, I often go to Jason's Deli.Although their salad bar isn't as big as the one at Sweet Tomatoes, I like it nonetheless. Everything is fresh, and I like the crunch that their snack mix and whole-grain crackers provide. They also offer whole hard-boiled eggs if you need a little protein boost. And if you have a sweet tooth, there's free soft-serve ice cream to boot.Sure, you can always get a sandwich or some soup. But if you're in the mood for a quick salad and you don't want to fill your head with a lot of options, give the salad bar at Jason's Deli a try.
4	I returned to Jason's Deli 9 year's after retirement from Longs Drugs Store at Boca Park. I had frequented the Deli 3 times a week in the past and was actually disappointed by the portion of the sandwich.
4	This place is pretty good. I had a cup of southwestern chicken chili (with cheese and onion toppings) and a fruit cup. Both were really good. Fast and friendly service and you get a good amount of food for the money. I also like that they have a lot of healthy options.
4	Okay, so this was one place everyone seemed to LOVE going too when I was at Euphoria. Personally, I was always under the impression that it was just another version of Panera. BORING.Oh how wrong I was. It's not boring. At all. A million ways to slice and dice your sandwich? They make their own chips? And a salad bar too? I almost forgot this was a chain for a second. Now I was hoping the salad bar was free with the order of a sandwich, but nope. That's a separate meal altogether. Now personally, I find that rather counterproductive seeing that there's not much to it in the first place. The end of the salad bar is the exception. You're allowed to eat crackers and garlic crostini while you wait for your food.Speaking of food, I decided to order the Meatball sandwich. If there's one thing I love, it's a good Meatball sandwich. Definitely goes in the top five of my comfort foods. And crazy as it sounds, I must say, the Meatball Marinara from Subway is my personal favorite, with the Meatball sandwiches they used to serve at the grill at CSN being the runner up. I must say though, the Jason's meatball sandwich definitely blows both of those out of the water. Strongly seasoned, with sauce dripping out of the bread and oozing with cheese. If it wasn't almost $9.00, I'd swear off of Subway forever. I'd always be down for that Meatball sandwich, but like I said previously, there's a million ways to slice and dice your sandwich here, which means there's definitely some exploring that needs to be done. The Final VerdictPros:Menu has a large varietyQuality ingredientsNot like Panera (which was what I was expecting)Cons:Kind of steepThe set up of the salad bar pricingReturn Factor: 10/10, especially since I live in the area now
2	It kills me to leave this review.  The food itself and array of food deserves five stars, however it's the staff that screws it up each and every time.  No exaggeration.  Every time something goes wrong that is truly annoying, such as getting cold cold soup served before your guest's  entree arrives EVEN IF THOSE ARE THE ONLY TWO THINGS ORDERED (?) , a tuna melt comes out not melted and cold, etc, with the blessed receipt describing the order on the tray.  (?)   The timing of the food execution is horrible.!!! You can even see the staff standing in the back on top of each other waiting to take hot food out that is sitting on this massive counter without a heat lamp.   Hard to watch.  Hard to watch staff just stand around and talk when they best be grateful to be working in the first place....  THE BEST PART OF THE WHOLE THING: there are set positions in the kitchen where there are many hands that look over the order before it goes out, a manager or 'expediter'.....???? What is with the expediter?  Looking all dapper and bringing a mediocre, EVERY TIME, tray.   This, seriously? is a CONSTANT at this particular establishment.  The staff ruins the food experience.  Not cool, especially in today's economic market.  Panera is consistently great, especially in the service department.  This place needs to get its act together big time.Again the food rocks but the staff is an impediment.
5	We both had the Reuben with pastrami only. I love how crunchy the sauerkraut was, and how tender and peppery the pastrami was,  and overall not too greasy. We split the strawberry shortcake. It was a bit dry, but I won't dock em for it, since this isn't a bakery.
