3	This store stocks hard liquor and a selection of imported and domestic wines. No beer -- I think Pittsburgh only lets you purchase beer from a beer distributor.Usually stays open until 9pm.They stock organic wines, domestic red/white, Italian, French and Australian wines, a very small selection of Asian spirits (sake, plum wine), your usual liquors, local wines made in Pennsylvania, boxed wines, and dessert wines. They also have a special temperature controlled room for what I assume to be their more pricey,rare selections. It's next door to Whole Foods, so its an easy stop to make while you're picking up goods for a nice dinner. Yum!My favorite buys were an Italian moscato and a pretty cheap bottle of Pennsylvania Dutch apple cider (with brandy). My least favorite buys came from the dessert wine section -- the really cheap mead, the amontillado. Also, I'm not a huge fan of local wines. They're sticky sweet.
3	This is the best wine & spirits store I've found yet in Pittsburgh, but being the 'best liquor store in Pittsburgh' is like being the 'tallest midget' or the 'cleanest hooker' or the 'most honest used car dealer.'  They have a sorta okay selection here, and it's not filthy like all the other wine & spirits stores, but they have numerous stock-outs all the time.  (Being out of a particular product - they can never keep their shelves full, and they're always out of what I went in to buy.)  For a store this size, they've got a really shitty selection of liquor, too.  They only carry one brand of rye, and they didn't have any Lazzaroni amaretto last time I was in.  I'd expect this in a smaller store, but a liquor store this size should have an awesome selection.  Oh, you'll also be paying the monopoly premium in here.  I suppose I was spoiled by the selection I had in the liquor stores in Atlanta before I moved up here.I can go on for a long time about how retarded PA's liquor laws are, but if you want to show your hippie friends why it's not a good idea to have the government run things, just take them into a PA liquor store.  Most businessmen are greedy fuckers who only care about money, but at least the worst ones eventually go out of business (unless they're getting government help like GM, AIG, and all the businesses W. ran before becoming President.)  If I knew I had another choice, I'd drive a few miles to buy from some place that has what I'm looking for and where I don't have to fork over $3 extra per bottle to pay the wages of the kid that was in the middle of the store sweeping the same spot over and over and humming to himself.  (Seriously - I was in there 10 minutes, and he stayed in the same area sort of pushing a little pile of dust back and forth.  One of the managers was walking all around the vodka aisle next to him and never said a thing.)
3	The best Wine & Spirits in Pittsburgh, which isn't saying much as Pittsburgh is so behind with everything! Not to mention the PA Liquor Control Board controls everything in PA so there's no competition. The prices are more expensive in PA Wine & Spirits stores compared to other states I've been to where you can by liquor in your local grocery store. This location sits on the site of the old Yellow Cab Company garage. It is on the second level of the building next to Borders Books. They carry just about every kind of wine or liquor you can think of. My only complaint is that if your looking for something popular they are always out of it. If it's on sale, it's sold out! For a store this large you would think they would have a better stock of liquor. I can't speak on the wine selection as I don't drink it but, my wife loves Moscato and can always find it in a few different brands at this location. Customer service is usually pretty good and there's always someone from a different liquor company in the store offering samples.Insider Tip: This is one of the few Wine & Spirits stores open on Sundays.
5	I thought buying wine in Pennsylvania was a crock, but the Chairman's Selections are some great deals. I don't usually put much stock in "usually priced at X, but our price is Y" signage, but I've personally seen some of the wines in the Chairman's Selections priced nearly double in other areas of the country. The layout of the store is clearly labeled and the store is easy to navigate, if the Shadyside hipsters stay out of your way.
4	How to rate a PA liquor store? I originally planned on giving this place two stars, because PA's liquor and wine monopoly forces us to buy from these poorly stocked state stores, and even this - probably the best W&S in Pittsburgh - pales in comparison to meager liquor stores in other states near and far.After some consideration, though, I accepted that my Yelp review will not force Pennsylvania legislators to reconsider the PLCB, and giving this shop 2 stars would only (potentially) deter people from coming here and going to even WORSE stores in the area.This liquor store is large and fairly nice inside. As you walk in there is a little corral of advertised wines showing the Chairman's thoughts on the flavors, body, and sweetness of the wine - along with how much you're saving over the MSRP. Beyond that it is a normal large W&S. 2/3 of the store is wine, not so greatly laid out in my opinion, but you can find what you need. The last 1/3 is liquors.Be on the lookout for the sale tags. If you want to plan ahead, the sales run monthly and are published on the PLCB website. The cashiers here are friendlier than most state stores I've been in, although that's not to say I haven't run into some more standard fare behind the register.So if you're stuck in PA, this is the place you'll find what you need. Also, it's a "premium selection" store - meaning it is open until 5PM on Sundays
5	Pennsylvania, why oh why is the purchase of delicious beer, liquor, and wine so undeniably difficult? Geeze Louise.All of the rant-fest aside, this is by far and large the best liquor store that I have regular access to. Large, well lit, great options, big parking lot, and very clean. Not only do they have a huge wine selection but they also carry my favorite gin, Hendricks. Hard to find and not cheap; this location has both the small bottle and the large one. Bonus, open on Sundays! I can get the wine I want for dinner or the rum for my dark and stormy party at a moment's notice.
5	The Penn Circle Wine And Spirits is really as good as it gets (in Pittsbrugh). One, you can drive there and be able to park. In a parking garage. In Pittsburgh and in the Oakland/Shadyside neighborhood, that is a huge plus. Two, they are open on Sundays. And three, they actually have a huge selection. It's a well laid out store where you can easily get to the part where you need to get to. And finally, the staff is friendly. Since I am on a quest to discover and taste all different kinds of reds, always great to get recommendations. It's either that or Google the name on my phone and wait for recommendations to load. There are a few wine stores nearby, but don't waste your time there unless you don't have a way to get to this store.
5	As far as PA Wine & Spirits stores go, this one is my favorite in Pittsburgh...by far. They have a large selection, and the layout is very open and easy to navigate. With a nice staff, the only real issue I've ever had with this particular store is trying to figure out which bottles of wine we want to get. Since my wife and I are used to the Southside wine & spirits location, walking into this location is almost overwhelming...in a great way!
5	Probably the best wine & spirits shop in the city limits. Plenty of parking, frequent sampling opportunities of various spirits, and loads of surprisingly affordable top-quality wines if you know what to look for. Also, I very much appreciate the description sheets that accompany a number of wines, including Wine Spectator / Robert Parker ratings.
5	Love this store! A big store with a great selection! Very nicely laid out and I always feel safe going to this location!
4	This is among my favorite state stores around mostly because they have a large wine selection and usually an adequate supply of the current Chairman's Select wines - which I'm always on the lookout for. My favorite is the one in Fox Chapel (duh!) at the waterworks but the East Liberty one is not that far below. The atmosphere is more industrial as compared to the more upscale stores elsewhere (here I am talking about atmosphere at State Stores?? WTF???) but they've got things organized really well and I never have trouble finding what I'm looking for. The staff has always  been friendly and mostly knowledgeable. Mostly. And parking right at the front door makes carrying those boxes of delights to my trunk really easy!
4	It may be labeled in Shadyside but I say it's in East Liberty.This is a great store and as the clerk proclaimed the largest in the area.  I was more than a little impressed by the selection. This Wine and Spirits is like the Home Depot of W&S.  The attendants were super helpful and the store unlike many other locations is very well staffed. My boyfriend actually had to pull me away from the store so as not to miss a lunch date.
4	I love this store.... easy plentiful parking. Better Wine selection and variety than most state stores. I found an amazing moderately priced Sauvington Blanc called root 1 that I suggest anyone who loves whites try. The wines on sale in the 12-20$ price range are about double in selection here than other stores. Which is why I stop here when I can even though it is not the closest to my house. The liquor selection is great here also, they never run out of stock of items, as I have seen in other stores. They also have more box sets for gifts if you are searching for a gift. Box wine selection here is pretty decent as well. Great friendly helpful staff, I am always in and out when I stop here no complaints. Also its close to other stores I stop at like pestmart and target.
4	I think Pennsylvanians would bitch a lot less about their state's alcoholic beverage monopoly if more stores were like this.This definitely seems like a showcase, considering the other state stores I visited. To me, it's comparable to a small BevMo. Git your booze here.
4	This is by far one of the newest and nicest wine and spirits in the city.  The selection is the best by far than any other shop in the city.It is huge and well lit.  I have to say that it was difficult to make a selection on wine in here because of the vast selection they had.  Not only that, but how the aisles are set up.  Some aisles end without explanation.  You expect to reach the end of an aisle and walk to the next as you swing around the end of it.  Not so in here.  It appears that their specials for the week make up a makeshift wall, so unless you are a track star that jumps hurdles, you won't be able to get past here without walking back down to the end of the aisle.If you are in the mood for wine, they do have a section called the Cellar with chilled wines to choose from.  I also have to say that people mean business in here if they go shopping with a cart.
4	As far as Pittsburgh Wine & Spirits stores go, this one is probably the best. That being said, it's so depressing to come to this store after buying wine in New Jersey for years. Sigh. In any event, the staff is generally friendly, and there are some decent tasting notes on the featured wines near the front of the store.The selection is surprising as well, and I am able to get some of my favorite Napa Valley wines here without special ordering. They don't have everything I'm looking for all of the time, but there are usually at least a few options, even when I'm looking for something specific.
4	To be honest, I think this is the only Wine & Spirits I've ever been to- but nevertheless, it has been my go-to place for wine and booze in Pittsburgh. Great selection of stuff (particularly wine in my opinion), and has a great layout where the wines on special are right in the front as you walk in (where I usually frequent). Grab a basket or a cart (if you're really thirsty) as you walk in and have at it. There are always enough workers at the check out to make for a fairly speedy trip. I even went here on New Year's Eve and they were prepared with all of the champagne out and enough people at the counters to check you out as quickly as possible. I typically spend no more than 10 or 15 minutes inside if I know what I want- and that's the exact kind of experience you want at this type of establishment. I've been going here for 5 years and can't really picture visiting anyone else for my wine and liquor needs.
4	Best liquor store in the city. Wine selection is great. Very helpful staff with help with finding bottles not currently in the store. Look for the chairman select for wines at lower cost (though still more than in any order state...) Pretty good champagne and scotch selection too.
5	This is one of the best W&S stores I've been to. This one in particular carries a wide (I mean really wide) selection of wines, liquors, and even absinthe. There's even a dedicated wine cooler that sells prime wines that's been aged for 5~10 years. I'm quite impressed by the selection of sake and soju they offer, as it's rather difficult to find in most stores, granted they even sell them.Whether you're searching for a small treat for yourself or searching for a bottle of vino for a gathering, this W&S will not disappoint.
1	Since recent remodling this place's customer service is terrible.  They are super-paranoid about being ripped off and treat everyone like a thief.  Many upper end brands (grey goose) are behind the counter (so you don't steal them) so comparison shopping is impossible.  During an incredibly bad thunderstorm they would not let me take a shopping cart to my car (I guess because I might STEAL it).  They said a store employee would help me and then sent me the one person in the store the least equipped to help me.  No raincoat for the employee.  I felt so bad for her I did the heavy lifting. ..And heavens don't ask to use the brand new bathrooms - NOT FOR CUSTOMERS - you know you might STEAL something. What a way to be treated!   I wish we had some competition, some alternative in Pennsylvania - but there is not a competitor I could go to.  If I could I would.
4	Since resent remodeling this place looks quite nice and has an extensive selection of wine. They also have better hours than most other wine & spirits and are open on sundays until 5. I am sure you will find what you are looking for and for a decent price.
4	Though I had come to this wine and spirits store once before, I did some serious browsing here this evening, looking for the perfect wine for the last First Friday at the Frick of the summer. I go to the Monroeville wine and spirits store pretty frequently, and though this location is a similar size, I liked their selection better. I am a huge fan of Gewurztraminers and saw a few here that Monroeville does not carry.
5	I consider myself a tyro in the alcohol department. The only alcoholic drinks I have consumed (and can remember) are some typical college beer, shots of random liquors, mouth-puckering dry wines that my dad fancies, and a small selection of my own daring picks of beer and wines. I can only "read" so much about other's highly subjective remarks about the various kinds of beer and wines. To aggravate my problem, the list of alcoholic beverages and possible pairings is endless. This is when interacting with someone who really knows their stuff comes in handy! I'm not talking about playing Twenty Questions with an alcoholic. I'm talking about going to a Wine & Spirits Store (preferably THIS store) and asking one of the employees there. While they might not be certified sommeliers, they can offer their educated recommendations.Now, about the store. This particular store is leaps and bounds above the other Wine & Spirits stores in Pittsburgh in terms of customer service, space, selections, cleanliness, and parking. I already mentioned how helpful the employees are. The store recently had renovations and expansions done, so the interior is larger and more spacious than it was over a year ago. More space means more room for shelves of wine and liquor! With the recent changes, I now have to spend twice the time browsing the shelves and finding what I want. Even with the larger space, cleanliness has clearly not been neglected. The entire store, from the floors to the ceiling and everything in between, is cleaner than my room (I'm a really neat and organized person, so that actually means something). Finally, the store is located at the top of a parking garage, so space is not a big problem. If you think it is, take a glance next door to the parking lot at Whole Foods Market, particularly in the late afternoon or the weekend. Quietly observe the chaos occurring there (open mouth optional) and return to your business.So, if you ever need help choosing a good wine and more, definitely take a trip to this store! If you haven't eaten yet, take a pit stop at the new Chipotle next door or at one of the great restaurants along South Highland Avenue.
5	Definitely a place where you can find the ideal wine
3	Place was clean and organized but really sparce.  Hell, every liquor store after the holidays are.  Very poor moonshine and Irish whiskey selection but a TON of wine.  Add some craft IPAs and its a white peoples wet dream.  Win, win situation!
