4	We love going to Ohana for lunch.  We go so often that the owners know who we are.  They always have some sort of special going on.  Currently, you can get a large plate of food for $4.95 (the selection depends on the day).  They are inexpensive, extremely quick, overly friendly, and their portions are huge!My favorites include:* Beef Curry* Loco Moco* Manapua* Kahlua Pig & Cabbage* Kahlua Pig & Cabbage / Pork Lau Lau combo* BBQ Chicken or Beef Saimin* Gravy Fries* SPAM Musubi
3	My fiance frequents this place for lunch because it's near his office and cheap. We split the BBQ mix for dinner the other night ($7.85). On the plus side it was an INSANE amount of food. The two of us couldn't finish the enormous portion. On the negative side 60% of the meat on it is chicken.. and just OK chicken. I wasn't overly impressed with the quality of the beef on the plate either. We got a side of steamed dumplings ($3.25) and they were good. My fiance assures me the Pork Katsu is way better, so maybe next time I'll give that a try. It was clean, fast, and cheap so I'm definitely game for giving them a 2nd chance. Rumor is they are opening a new one in Henderson soon.. !
4	Wow, the lunch special for 4.95 is insane.  They have different lunch specials each day, and the quantity is huge, the quality is very good.  I have eaten at L&L, and I have always been disappointed in the quality of their meat, and the ghettoness of the restaurants.  Ohana seems to still be small and authentic (like L&L), but it seems cleaner, and the meat quality is higher (Seems like grade B meat, rather than L&L's grade D).
4	The menu is very similar to L&L Hawaiian BBQ.The food was pretty darn good!  I shared a Hawaiian BBQ beef platter and it was more than enough for 2.  Their Chicken Katsu with saimin noodles comes out separately, meaning the katsu portion can act as separate meal.  Just ask for the katsu sauce!  The noodles+broth are pretty plain by themselves though.Would definitely recommend this place for an affordable, quick, meal!
4	Took my wife and parents here for the $4.95 special.  It changes daily, but the day we went was Katsu Chicken or Kalua Pork.  We got two of each and split them.  Both were very good.  The Kalua Pork had a nice smokey flavor and the Katsu chicken was very tender with a nice crunchy breading on it.  The sauce was sweet and yummy.I also tried a bowl of the Saimin noodles, which is similar to ramen.  It had chicken, onions and a nicely flavored broth.You will get a lot of food.  My parents took half of theirs home to eat for later.  The price is cheap and the food is very good and good quality meats.I should note that this is the only location for the $4.95 specials.  I think they are $5.50 or $5.95 at the other three locations and they are different specials than this location.
4	Good Noodle Soup (Saimin) go very well with BBQ Beef  and BBQ combo (especially chicken) a big portion ,it worth your money. Try their Gyoza very fresh and soft skin...my sis and I live in D.C. ,we go visit Las Vegas last couple week . Our first time there on last couple Wednesday...the lady staff over there ,she was very nice...good food and good hospitality made us went back there again....(unfortunately have not enough chance to try everything on the menu)
4	As a lady, I can eat a lot.  Sometimes people term me as a savage when it comes to food, so I have been working on taming down a bit when I am eating to work on my mannerisms when it comes to food.  When I say I can eat a lot, I mean it.  But the mini portions here at Ohana Hawaiian BBQ are sufficient enough for lunch.  I did have a Spam musubi on the side as well.  I chose to try the mini portion or half size if you will, of the loco moco which comes with a scoop of rice, and a scoop of macaroni.  The macaroni is nothing special, but it tasted good like any other Hawaiian BBQ joint.  The loco moco though was super flavorful, and the egg on top (cooked any way you like) topped it off.  Well of course there was the gravy too.  It was good food and tasted homemade.  I was full and fell into a food coma as I drove back to work.  I was sleepy when i got to my desk!  The spam musubi was good too!  I am glad I found this joint because it is a short drive from my work place!  I will come back to try more stuff again!  I might have to update my review to 5 stars once I find out more about this place.  But so far so good!
5	I always get the salmon plate. It's great. The rice & macaroni that comes with it tastes great too. I may go here for lunch tomorrow actually. lol Love this place. :)
5	This one, located in a Wal-Mart neighborhood grocery strip mall (parking lot is busy), is smaller than the one at Blue Diamond Road, but the food quality is excellent plus you get a good view of the Diamondhead mural print on the wall- my hubby loves that print. Entertainment Book coupon participant BTW. Ok, it's funny, even though we were in Oahu recently, we like to get Hawaiian food soon after getting back- it's been a tradition of ours. We've been to the other one at Blue Diamond. We get the chicken katsu and BBQ chicken regular plates and split it. The plates come with two scoops of white rice, mac salad, and sauce. What we love about the katsu is the restaurant chain uses white meat- much better than L & L. One piece of the BBQ chicken was slightly undercooked (pink), and the chef was so cool about it- he cooked a fresh piece for us. We rarely finish our food- we always have leftovers. Offers Hawaiian canned drinks like Pass-O-Guava. Wish they had haupia too. It's clean, the staff is very nice (very friendly), and the food is great tasting, quick and reasonable. There are several tvs mounted up high, for your viewing pleasure. The wall near the doors has a small bulletin board where business cards are pegged- not many up there. The special is a teriyaki salmon bowl for $6.50- but the sign for it is located on the opposing wall on the far right (from the menu above the counter). If we are on this side of town, we'll gladly come here for lunch again.
4	I like this place better than Aloha Kitchen.  The portions are more "true to size" for local Hawaiian food.  The only other closer place that serves the right portion is "Island Flavor".I've been here twice: Once with my boyfriend (He got hamburger steak and I got katsu saimin) and another time to eat chicken katsu curry.  Both times we got our food quicker than you can say "try pass the shoyu, brah".  I loved the saimin and it reminded me of home, for serious.  My boyfriend loved the hamburger steak because it came with lots of gravy.  The second time I came and got the katsu curry it came with THREE pieces of katsu, usually I get only one (Aloha Kitchen!).  The down side was that the curry sauce was like L&L curry sauce and I think that kine is gross.  Katsu curry should be full on curry all over everything not that Hawaiian curry in a small little sauce container, but I can't complain about the portion and I still ate it all.  Still, the edge goes to Island Flavor....if only it wasn't across town for me.
4	This place would be my favorite if it wasn't for Ross J's. Ohana comes in as a close second for me. I don't know what they do to their meat, but I can't get enough of the flavor their chicken has. I could eat their bbq chicken every day and for some reason, their macaroni salad drives me nuts. When I go there, I always get an extra mac salad.The staffing is incredible. They are always friendly and courteous. It's a pleasure to come here for casual dining.
5	Best part about Vegas is the diversity of asian/islander food. You can find plenty of places and I am just getting started. This place use to have a special for 5 bux which is now 6.25. Still worth it, even though that means its 6.75 with tax and 8 dollars with tip. (better tip dammit!)Anyway they slam u three long ass pieces of teryaki chicken (i had no idea chikens were so tall!!) when its teryaki day. and its delish. I feed my boo the macaroni salad w siracha and mini pieces of MY chicken mixed in to keep her happy (damn islanders!) but when im alone I always say hold that mayonaise mess (i cant even spell that word its so gross) and slam me 3 scoops of rice. Theres 3 0r 4 locations, but after venturing to the one on rainbow I have to say the WS and Eastern spot is the jam of the joint. I will go out of my wqay to meetup w people there, if i am anywhere near frys/wholefoods and its tuesday, you best believe Ill be in that parking lot stuffing my fat cheeks and non existant chin with the teriyaki goodness. Anwway sorry for the lack of reviews lately, I tried to yelp "clark county correctional kitchen" or "rotten peaches josh insisted on bringing to burning man" but nothing came up. That joke was pretty much for me. But if it matters to you, yes, I am laughing.
4	Very good Hawaiian food. It is close and it pleases. The Kalbi ribs are tasty!The service is alright aside from the cook who always stares me down. I think he wants to have my babies.I would suggest avoiding their Chinese food; it is nothing special.
5	I have only had the Chicken Katsu from here, but it is FABULOUS!!  All white meat, and portion size is insanely large!  Really a great deal for great food!
5	Very good food. Go the BBQ mix and loved all the meats in it. Better than L&L by far.
4	Really good hawaiian bbq place! Love the meats it seems much more fresh than any other fast food hawaiian places. Order the Mix plate or the Chicken Katsu. Everything seems much more fresh and less commercialized. They also have good ramen soup and their musabi are really good.. good prcies too.. They have daily specials each day check it out! I highly recommend this place.
5	The Kalua Pork is off the charts!!  Best Hawaiian BBQ shop I have tried in Vegas (or anywhere for that matter).  I highly recommend this place for some great Hawaiian food.
5	I came here for the first time yesterday. They have Chinese food!We ordered Mongolian Beef, Salt & Pepper Squid, Salt & Pepper Pork, and Chicken Katsu.I must say that their Chinese food is far better than their Hawaiian food. The squid and pork are just spiced enough to keep your lips tingling. The beef is deliciously marinated. The katsu was a disappointment though. You can get chicken katsu anywhere else and it would be better.Salt & Pepper Squid and Salt & Pepper Pork is a MUST TRY!
4	Love this place. I almost always stick to my usual, the Manapuas (pork inside of a steamed bun) and the Kalua pork. So, SO good. The portions are beyond huge, you can easily share one "meal" between 2 people or have leftovers for at least another day.
4	Typical Hawaiian plate lunch, and a menu of Chinese favorites. Probably helpful when the lunch crew can't decide what to have. Hmm.. squid or spam, how to decide. We stuck with Hawaiian, skipped the spam, and still had a nice lunch. Recommended.
3	So, my new latest thing is Hawaiian food. I have several Hawaiian co-workers, one who just left whom I miss dearly. Pining for her Aloha, I decided to try Hawaiian cuisine, and I am HOOKED! In the past month, I've been to three different Hawaiian places.Ohana is the location closest to me, so I stopped on the way home from work. Now, on the other two places I went to (L&L off of Sunset and Stephanie - it's a chain, so I don't know if I will Yelp it yet, and Island Flavor, which will get a big ol' Yelp coming up soon) one of my favorite things is when I walk in, I'm instantly greeted by a big smile and a hearty greeting. But when I walked into Ohana, I got, "Hi, welcome to Ohana."Oh. Well, that was less than hearty. Oh well, I shrugged it off. I ordered my favorite: chicken katsu with fried shrimp, and an order of pork eggrolls. The wait time was a little long but nothing too excessive, and when I picked up my order, I got a limp, "Thank you."Eh. I took out my take-out and headed home, maybe about 5-6 minutes away. I dug in, excited for my Hawaiian feast...Continued eeh. Even with the katsu sauce or gravy or whatever it is, the chicken katsu seemed really dry. So did the shrimp, which is really depressing, because shrimp is amazing. Shrimp is the seafood of the gods. Red Lobster Shimpmania or whatever it's called is like a national holiday and I drag people out with me (Emily R. will concur).. Dry shrimp makes Baby Jesus cry. And the accompanying sweet-n-sour sauce seemed more like the sweet-n-sauce from McDonald's than from a Hawaiian place.Not that that sauce sucks. But... I want something a little better if I'm not at McDonald's!It was okay, but that combined with the half-hearted service, it dropped it down to only three stars. I will probably go back and try it one more time to see if I just came in on an off day. I certainly hope so, because the proximity to my house could earn them a lot of my money.
5	I love their food! The portion is huge and I like everything I've tried. I just wish I I have the option of kim chi instead of macaroni salad
3	Lunching with my OG Ryan B, we were on the search for something different. I have been to other Ohana locations, but had never tried this location on Eastern. I was craving kalbi, so we decided to give this place a try. They have a very extensive menu and plenty of great lunch specials. You can get pretty much every plate in mini / lunch or full size. I came in knowing I wanted kalbi, but I was almost swayed by all the other great options. I eventually went with my initial craving and got the kalbi. The food was ready quickly and we grubbed and chatted while we ate. The atmosphere is really nice. Clean and comfortable. I wasn't too in love with the kalbi, wishing it was a little more flavorful, but overall it was still a tasty meal. Not the best I've ever had, but I'll probably be back to try some of their other lunch menu options.
4	Let's just start by saying ... HUGE portions. Maybe it was because it was closer to the end of the night, Maybe it was because we looked hungry, Maybe because Ohana means family and it was all delicious!We ordered quite a lot: - Salt and Pepper Calamari - large pieces with good amount of flavor - Pineapple dipping sauce with Fried wontons - the dipping sauce was heavenly - Chicken katsu - the same everywhere else I've tried it (which is still good, but not noticeably different) - Spam Musubi - Look for comment above ^^So close to home, A LOT of selection can't go wrong!
5	Comfort food. I'm not going to be as lengthy with my reviews as normal, but just trust me that you MUST try this place. The decor lacks. Not dirty, so feel free to dine in if you want, it's just nothing special. My husband loves Hawaiian BBQ- he went to college 20 years ago with a lot of islanders and got hooked. Me, not so much. But in an effort to compromise we have searched for places that have a broader menu. This one is hands down the best. He can choose any plate or combo he wants with the macaroni salad and rice, and I am sure to find something I truly love as well. My first ever order was the Fried Shrimp Saimin Soup. So good. I branched out to the sugared donuts (Malasadas?) and hey- fried dough and sugar, can't go wrong there. Finally the other night I tried their Garlic Noodles. Omg- I thought I had died and gone to heaven. This plus one to two orders of Crab Rangoon (served with their pineapple dipping sauce- not just any old sweet and sour) is my go to order now. It is just amazing. The service is friendly and fast. We live less than 5 minutes away. I have discovered if I call my order in advance, by the time I grab my shoes and car keys, I arrive just as my order is finished. Prices pretty decent as well. Eat here!
5	I love this place! My boyfriend and I eat here probably once or twice a week. We've been there so often that we're on a first name basis with the staff; the cashier sees us come in, and all we have to say is, "The usual!" The employees are friendly and willing to chat. Prices are almost unbelievably cheap for how much food they give you. He always gets the barbecue beef with double rice, no macaroni salad, and I get the lemon chicken, lemon sauce on the side.First, the beef. The best way I can describe it is juicy beef jerky, and even though that sounds weird, it's definitely a good thing! I've eaten it dozens of times now, and I still can't identify what's in the marinade. Soy sauce, garlic, honey? The flavor is too complicated for me to discern the individual flavors, but I don't really care. It's so tasty I just want to eat it, not ponder it's creation.Second, the lemon chicken. Fresh from the fryer, crispy and tender. Really just perfectly cooked. Then, the lemon sauce. It's lemony and sweet, but enough tartness to keep it interesting.Overall, this place is an incredible deal, with tasty food and friendly, knowledgable staff.
5	Great place all around! The staff is helpful, the place is well kept, the food is fresh and a good value for the amount. They have great gyoza and offer Chinese food as well as Hawaiian. They also offer Kimchi! Yum!
5	I used to go to their other location off 215 and Durango when I worked on that side of town, but since I switched jobs (thankfully) I have discovered and tried out this closer-to-my-home location.Every time I've been here I've ordered the chicken katsu curry mini-sized to go and it tastes just as good as their other location!Staff is very friendly here and even when you order 20 minutes before close, they are still happy to assist (I know, I know - that was my bad).Very clean and quick, and never a hassle.  Mahalo!
4	Honestly, one of my very favorite "hole in the wall" places to eat! I always order the honey walnut shrimp and Manapua. I have never had better anywhere else. The hubby orders the BBQ chicken plate and my son loves the chicken cutlet with gravy. Even the saimin soup is delicious! Honestly, I could order everything on the menu and never have a bad plate. The service is friendly and helpful, and the portions are large, so you will have leftovers. For the price, you cannot beat Ohana!
1	We order the chicken catsu and there was a piece of hair in the macaroni and we ordered spam fried rice my 4yr old daughters favorite unfortunately she found another tread of hair in there.. the first time I found Hair I didn't say anything I just pulled it out and kept eating but when we found the second one I was disgusted & lost my appetite,I didn't bother to finish my meal ;-(
4	Good food and fast friendly service. I don't know much about Hawaiian BBQ but this food is tasty and keeps me coming back.
3	The fact that this location offers more then the regular menu has made it so much more convenient for your random cravings. The portions are great and the prices are average. The service is usually consistent quick friendly nothing more nothing less. For the first time I ordered pick up I was told 25 mins. Which then became another 20 mins. It's hit I have 3 kids sitting in a car waiting for a meal. I know it's normal to run behind but when your more on the fast food atmosphere 45 mins for 2 orders is just un real.  The food is well worth it but I was very disappointment with the wait.
5	Every time we order ... is every time we happy. Like this place on this location. Nice chef & also nice cashier
2	I used to like this place but it appears that the entire staff changed including the cooks. I ordered the salt and pepper shrimp because it's delicious. This time they battered and fried the shrimp with the shell still on. It totally defeats the purpose of battering the shrimp. You bite into it and your mouth is greeted by a shell. In order to eat the shrimp, you have to peel the shell an batter off. Makes no sense. I was told by the new manager Britney that it's always how its prepared. I dont believe it. I've ordered this dish before and it was never like this. Well ay least the shrimp on my Singapore noodles were peeled...
1	Alright, so at first I thought about not reviewing this place because I want to give it a fair review, but I think I have to. I ordered the half and half with hamburger steak and teriyaki chicken. I saw it in a yelp review that made it sound so good I had to try it. Big mistake. I have a pretty flexible appetite. I can be satisfied by small portions, but I can tear up a large portion if it is really good. This was one of the biggest plates of food I have ever had at a Hawaiian bbq place, and it really wasn't great. I hate to complain about having too much food, but it really was kind of ridiculous. 2 large burger patties, 3-4 chicken thighs, big plate of rice, and mac salad. It actually sounds good until you try to eat it. Alright, so if I would of brought my whole family with me and shared it I wouldn't of felt that way. So let me comment on food quality. not great. The gravy on the hamburger steak tasted like the gravy on a Salisbury steak TV dinner(I didn't grow up with a lot). It wasn't island style, and if they were trying to be creative maybe it should've said ... special recipe gravy, so I would've had a clue. It overpowered the patties so much, but I was hungry so I powered through. The chicken was alright, plain old L&L style not really that good. Mac salad was off. To top it all off even the soda was weird tasting. you know how I said that the gravy overpowered everything? Well, I wasn't sure whether the gravy was overpowering even the soda or if the soda was just weird. That's how bad it was. When I force fed myself enough of this bad tasting meal I got up and hurried out. I can't imagine ever going here again.
4	I ordered the Spam Saimin.  I asked if I could add vegetables and egg and yes they do add it for. 75 cents each.  Night is a bit chilly and I'm a bit under the weather so this hit the spot.  I would rather my egg be hardboiled but it was delicious none the less. Mahalo!
1	Unfortunately I will not be able to give a rating.  I placed an online order at 7:30 pm for delivery.  I was called at 8:21 pm and told that the delivery would be another 45 min to an 1 hour.  I asked why and was told she was not sure the drivers are taking a long time.  She stated that she had one driver that left an hour ago and had not returned. (I hope they are alright)  Needless to say I had to cancel my order.  Pity, because I was looking to try them.  I guess it is back to Aloha for me.
4	Good food!
4	Was looking for something affordable, yet filling during a lunch break when I stumbled across this gem. Literally all the food is reasonably priced, made to order, and full of flavor. They have a great selection. I like this place because they aren't trying to "wow" you with unnecessary plate presentations or over the top decor. The food alone is enough to keep you coming back.
3	Their Loco Moco not all that Loco good. The gravy they add is a little weird for my taste, it's not sweet or sour, it's more of a bitter taste. The Macaroni is decent. I also tried the Portuguese Musubi is good, as for the Manapua dumplings.
