4	A friend of the bf who lives in Vegas brought us here to have the fried catfish spring roll. The fish was fried just right, was not overcooked and they they did pick the right size for our party of 6. There was even left over fish. We all thought that the fish looked a little small on the plate, but let me tell you, it was kind of deceiving. It was like a never ending fish. Al the veggies were fresh. The shrimp paste wrapped around the sugar cane was also very delicious. We also had the Bo Tai Chanh and it actually came with a very interesting sauce. Fish sauce with wasabi. I'm not a big of the burning in my nose, so I opted not to use the dipping sauce. Without the sauce the the Bo Tai Chanh was still very good. this restaurant also has the 7 beef serving, which i will definitely try next time. The service was attentive and they made sure we had enough wrappers for our spring rolls and that our glasses were filled. It's nice to find a Vietnamese restaurant that serves all these types of dishes. Usually you find one, but not the other. I think the drive is so worth it to have great food and will definitely come back here when I am in town.
5	Yes!! The way Vietnamese food is supposed to taste and be served.  I live in the Mecca of Vietnamese restaurants in Orange County and have tried them all.  This place deserves to be known and experienced.  If you want something other than pho, this is your place.  Sure, there are tons of places to eat in Vegas.  But drive a little ways off the strip and you'll find this gem of a place.  Just the appetizers are enough for me to give this place 5 stars.  Clams, beef carpaccio, chicken wings, spring rolls.  For main dishes, the goat curry was excellent, as was the crispy fried noodles.  Need suggestions?  Feel free to ask.  The owner/chef serves the food himself and loves to meet and greet with the diners.  What a novel idea for the typical Vietnamese restaurant in the OC - good food, reasonable prices, good service, and nice ambiance.  My only complaint...it's not near where I live.
4	My narrow scope of Vietnamese food was limited to various bowls of pho or rice plates.  Thanks to a friend and Bamboo Bistro, my appreciation for Vietnamese cuisine has greatly expanded.On the first day of the New Year, my taste buds were treated to a seven course meal consisting of four beef plates.Started off with a beef salad with Julian slices of celery, mint, carrots, and daikon.  The textures and flavors were uniquely refreshing.  I can get use to this kind of salad.The next dish was a chicken and squid combination with a curry pancake thing on top, and the third was a honey glazed quail.  Tasty.The next three courses were a variation of beef: grilled beef, meatloaf, and paper thin slices of beef in vinegar.  Mmmmm . . . meat.The final course was a hearty soup with rice and ground beef.  It was the kind of soup that makes you feel good on a cold day when you're not feeling too good.  It was a great way to end the meal.The food was filling without feeling stuffed, and I'm thankful for the experience.Overall, Bamboo Bistro is the first Vietnamese restaurant with a nice sit down feel and will having me returning for more.
5	Superb.  Prices are similar to the Chinatown restaurants, yet the food is better.  This restaurant is near Summerlin rather than China town, yet it still attracts many Vietnamese clientele (maybe 50%).  Food is quite authentic - surprising so, since the decor is somewhat  Western (and quite pleasant).  I've traveled in Vietnam, and am always pleased to find the few Vietnamese restaurants in the US that combine both the Vietnamese and French elements of the genre.I go there at least monthly.  Great for business and social.  Especially try the beef carpaccio and quail appetizers, curry dishes, grilled beef dishes, catfish, and even the pho is surprisingly good.  Healthy food, fresh veggies, good ambiance.The Vietnamese owners are very helpful and attentive - ask for their recommendations.
5	I can't find a chicken pho better than Bamoo Bistro's. I am willing to travel all the way from Orange County, CA to Las Vegas just to have a taste of that pho. Don't let the kids fool you. They are in touch with their star player.
5	Great service and very reasonable prices.This is a great restaurant and the only of it's kind in this location otherwise all the other okay places are in china town.And I believe they have the tastiest Pho soup, and I've tried many.Plus they take credit card, and they definitely want you to leave happy.
4	Super fresh and amazing flavors! One of the better Vietnamese places I've been to. Try the mushroom soup while you're there!
5	This place is pretty darn good, as you tell from the other reviews.  I think their pho is the best cure for a cold.  I really appreciate how well they pack up the pho for takeout orders keeping the noodles and bean spouts separate from the broth so they don't sit in the broth too long.Every dish they have on their menu is great - especially the kalbi.  But I am aways there for the pho.
4	I had a great experience today at Bamboo Bistro.  After the Yelp reviews I drove all the way out here from Henderson.  I came at an odd hour but definitely was hungry for lunch!  I ordered the beef carpaccio, lemongrass tofu, and Vietnamese iced coffee.  My waitress was excellent and friendly.  I believe the owners were there, and one showed me how to eat the beef by wrapping the thin meat around a daikon-carrot-onion salad with peanuts and dipping it in a nuoc cham with wasabi.This really was enough food for lunch, but I sampled my lemongrass tofu and took it to go.  It came with rice and salad.  Plenty for 2 meals!  The iced coffee was strong and delicious.  The tofu did say on the menu that it was "5-alarm" but it was hardly spicy, so that was slightly disappointing.  However, I had never had beef carpaccio Viet-style, so that was a real treat.  The meat was sliced so thin.I will definitely return and try other things (bun, pho, etc.) and there were other neat appetizers.  Carpaccio $8.50, tofu $7, iced coffee $3.25.
5	Damn it! Damn it! Damn it! Why is this place so far away from home? I am Vietnamese and must say that this is probably the best Vietnamese place in town.
4	This place is very good and it's alot cleaner than other Pho restaraunts I've been to.  Everything on there menu is delicious (I only tried one bad thing and that was because it had Ockra in it and I hate Ockra).  Me and my wife get take out from here all the time.  They also offer a very inexpensive and delicious lunch.  Go here if you are on this side of town.
4	My old boss took us out for lunch and we went to Bamboo Bistro.  The ambiance is clean and casual.  The food is delicious however they have a triple-layer dessert that just didn't hit the spot.  Overall it was a pleasant dining experience.
4	I rarely write reviews but I feel compelled to promote and support a well deserving family business. I'd go to this place over Pho 8 because it appears much much much cleaner (restaurant and kitchen). They have a diverse array of foods, everything I have tried has been great. They have a great customer reward program where you get 10 percent off your entire check anytime you go. My boyfriend and I ate their four times one week! We've stopped that now and just go like normal people, once a week, once every two weeks. I leave Bamboo Bistro feeling better compared to leaving Pho 8, I think it's because the food is lighter despite the same volume. Healthier I guess. Let's just say the quality of food (healthier, more veges offered) and the 10 percent discount keeps us coming back.
5	This is my favorite Vienamese Restaurant. I have been a fan for a couple years already. I order fresh spring rolls, grilled dish, vermicelli. Service is always fantastic. Huge servings. The owner is always around, it is also clean.
3	The pho is pretty good here although I feel they put a hint of stronger cinnamon taste. The spring rolls are good and I got the pork you can wrap with lettuce and rice paper. They have a $15 bowl of pho but it is supposed to be family size to share. I'd like to see my bf do that as a challenge one day. It is a little pricey for vietnamese food though.
4	Beautiful restaurant with good food. The pho, spring rolls, rice plates and beef salad are worth trying. A bit pricey but worth the drive to come here to eat.
5	I love this place. Summer rolls and Beef short ribs are delicious!
3	DECENT PHO AND NICE ATMPOSPHEREI really don't have much to say about this restaurant (which is odd because most of my reviews are the maximum length allowed on Yelp.) I had the Beef Pho and it was good. The broth was decent, the meat of a favorable quality. I'm rather picky about the quality of meat and I was happy with this. My girlfriend had the Tofu Pho and her broth wasn't nearly as flavorful as mine, which is not usually the case when I have vegetarian pho in other places. My son got the Basil Steamed Clams and they were of decent quality (although the basil broth didn't excite him much. That seems to be an issue with his take on basil, not the quality of the dish itself.) None of their fried spring rolls were vegetarian, which was a downer.The atmosphere was pleasant and the size of the place was good and they didn't have the tables jammed in there. The place was clean, and that is a big plus to me.I would say this is a decent place to come for Pho if you're just jonesin' for it.
5	Bamboo Bistro may be the cleanest pure Asian place I know in Las Vegas. I've really come to appreciate the quality of food AND decor at this point in my life. Gone are the days when food trumps horrible service, dirty bathrooms and ugly decor. This is the place to go to for your quality Korean BBQ short ribs on a bed of white rice. I like my ribs thick-cut, well marinated and smoky and this place delivers in every aspect. The owner is a jolly fellow who takes great pride in his food. Catch him on a good day and he hands out delicious homemade coconut ice cream or for the adventurous durian ice cream for free at the end of your meal. over all:5 stars for all non-soup based dishes. 4-3 for anything with water in it. Go to the dirty joints for that stuff
5	I've literally tried kal bi from one end of the earth to another.  I would have never thought that one of my top three would be found in a strip mall in Las Vegas, NV, but it is.  I know this is a Vietnamese restaurant, but folks, you REALLY need to try the Korean short ribs at this place.Had the steamed clams for an appetizer.  Delicious.  I see a few iffy reviews from others on this dish, but with mine, the basil broth did not overpower or detract from the clams by any stretch.In addition to the kal bi, we had a ginger-onion dungeness crab with their special jalapeno chile sauce.  If you want regular ginger-onion dungeness (in and of itself, yummy), go to Chinatown.  If you want an indescribable flavor explosion, order this.  It's really good.Best part about this?  It's family-owned by a gentleman and his wife who definitely take pride in providing you with great food at a great value and great service.I go to Vegas 3 to 4 times a year.  This is a little bit of a drive from the strip (20 to 25 minutes), but definitely worth the visit and one that I will make on a consistent basis.  We're only a month or so into 2010 and I think I've located my hidden gem of the year.
3	I give yelpers credit where credit is due. The food is clean as is the restaurant itself. But the pho has too much cinnamon spices in it! Yuck.Overall, the prices are jsteep for Vietnamese...You can get better down at spring mtn.
3	Craving pho but not wanting to drive down to Spring Mountain, I finally gave Bamboo Bistro a try.  This place has come highly rated by quite a few people and I was pretty excited.  * Pho Beef "Combination of slices of rare beef, cooked brisket, & beef ball" (Medium $6.50) - The first thing I noticed when the bowl was placed in front of me was how small it was.  The bowl was of average size, but it was the portion inside the bowl that looked a bit disappointing.  I looked at the Husband and he was thinking the same thing.  When I started to stir the noodles around, they were stuck together in one big clump.  Not good.  And it also took a bit longer for an order of pho to come out, and I have a feeling my noodles were sitting in the bowl too long before it was brought out to me.  The broth smelled great, but tasted average.  There wasn't that much meat in my order either.  Sure, it's a medium and they have the large and x-large family sizes available, but I'm usually pretty content with the smallest size offered at Vietnamese restaurants.* Grilled Chicken "Marinated, then grilled." ($8.50) - The Husband couldn't decide between the Chicken with Basil Sauce or the Lemongrass Chicken.  (The Golden Baked Chicken was unavailable this evening.)  The table next door got the Grilled Chicken and the waiter (owner?) suggested that was a better choice over the three.  It came with a side salad, rice, and a dipping sauce.  The Husband said it tasted like he expected it too, and appreciated that it wasn't dry.Overall, I was a bit disappointed with my first experience with Bamboo Bistro.  Pho isn't what they are known for, so that was my mistake in ordering it.  Next time I'll have to try their Beef Carpaccio, House Specials, or the 7 Courses of Beef.With what looked like a husband and wife team running the floor, they were efficient and friendly.  Mostly families were dining there on a Wednesday night, so I'm sure they'd get higher stars once I try their other offerings.
2	Bamboo Bistro isn't known for its pho,but the location makes it nice for people on the west side to get some Vietnamese food without having to drive down Spring Mountain.I distinctly remember the broth on the pho being very peculiar. Not a good kind either. It had a really strong beefy taste that just overpower the entire dish.  I didn't request any beef fat on it, so it couldn't be that. The beef balls didn't help either. I like to call it the bacon wrapped in bacon effect. Having a strong beefy broth and beef balls doesn't add anything to the dish, you're just eating beef.At least, the ingredients are good. Just execution didn't work on the Pho. The pho could have been served much hotter, but at least it wasn't lukewarm.Service? You're in an Asian restaurant, there is no service, period. I'm sure the people working there are friendly though.The restaurant is one of the cleanest and nicely decorated Vietnamese restaurants in Vegas, but this is all superficial stuff when you can't deliver good Pho.
3	I thought this was a good restaurant with some potential.  It has a very strange decor.  The art on the wall seemed nice.  The tables and chairs seemed fancier than other Vietnamese restaurants I've been to, but then there was this giant plastic tub sitting on milk crates and cinder blocks that was supposed to be a fancy Koi pond or something.  WTF?The food was good, but not great.  I wanted to get a non fried appetizer, but I don't eat pork and there weren't any non-fried pork-less options.  I got the Seafood Pho and it was OK.  The size wasn't all that big, but it did have a good amount of seafood in it.
4	The first time I came here was a 5* experience.. but then I went back a second time 2 days later and despite ordering the same dishes, was kind of disappointed. Inconsistency is definitely a star detractor :( The beef carparccio dish is pretty damn amazing. Slices of tender raw beef, covered in a pickled radish salad, cut up mind leaves, and raw onion. Douse that bad boy in lime juice, and it's an appetizer for any meat-lover. The pho tai was good the first time around, but slightly bland the 2nd time.. that was kind of a bummer. Worth a try (cos when it's on, it's ON), but the inconsistency is a little irksome!
2	merhhhhhh.not sure why there are alot of good reviews..? i guess i just had a bad first visit and i didnt order the right stuff. but still ive had better...My dad and his friends are gaga over this place but when we came here it was clean, and the area is nice,BUT the food was just seriously baddd!! i ordered this pan fried noodle thing and it was literally burnt! :( i was starving that day so i just stuck to it. But the noodles were too crunchy and they were kind of bitter!! Pho wasnt all that, it was kind of bland...the people running the place were nice though but money was wasted!sorry bamboo bistro but my first impressions count.. not going back to this place again.
3	I have only been here once for dinner, and I must say, from my one experience, it wasn't bad at all. I never dined in the restaurant, but did a pick up order. The place is clean and the staff is friendly. I ordered the Pho Beef from there, and it wasn't that bad. For the price however, I expected a little more meat variety. As for the broth , it had flavor, not the best i have had, however, It is above most others. I would go there again to maybe try something else.
2	My first review as a Vegas resident...I wish I was writing a happier review.  I have no idea how this place received 4 stars.  It doesn't bode well for other Asian restaurants in Vegas.  :-/Hubby and I ordered  pho and vermicelli noodles (bun).  What a disappointment.  The pho broth tasted like it was missing some key ingredients...it was bland.  The bun was the same...and they really skimp on the meat and the noodles.  Without meat and noodles, what are you really paying for?  A bowl of lettuce?  A bit expensive for just lettuce...Very disappointing.  Hubby said he would give it 1 star.  I guess I tend to a more lenient reviewer.  Next time we'd rather drive twice the distance to go get some good food that won't leave us so disappointed.
3	On my way home, I was looking for some quick eats and found this place via Yelp (of course). Any time I'm at a Vietnamese restaurant, I feel compelled to try their pho. I ordered a medium bowl of their basic beef pho. I was disappointed to see they don't serve tripe. However, the bowl was surprisingly large for only $6.50. I'd say the broth was tasty, but I'm not one to get into the complexities of broth ingredients. I also take off points whenever a place only has Sriracha and none of that "home made" style chili sauce. This isn't really a big deal. I just prefer the chunky chili sauce.Anyway, for the price, this place is definitely A-OK. The service was a tad slow (it seemed like they didn't really have anyone working out in the customer area). Despite that, it's a decent place on the west side of town. Incidentally, I hear their other dishes are very good.
4	Great Vietnamese place! Everytime I go here I get the same things because they are soo good! If you need some suggestions and want to try authenticcuisine try these:1) Beef Carpaccio- The best!!2) Spring rolls3) Chicken wings or short ribs4) The shrimp rolls - Where you wrap the rolls yourself (How true Vietnamese people eat)5) Any other things that you can roll yourself - Beef, Pork, Lmb, ShrimpOne of the bst Vietnamese restaurants in Vegas!
3	I only ordered pho there and wasn't impressed at all but I saw some other dishes other people were eating looked pretty good.  It gave me the feeling that it's a more Americanized joint comparing to the ones on spring mtn. I'm willing to try again.
3	My first taste of Vietnamese Carpaccio (Raw beef served Vietnamese style) was back in time somewhere in the former 2000s, in Northern California somewhere (Bummer I don't remember the name of the restaurant). I remember loving it so that when I visited Momma in LV, I introduced her to this undercover, off the meny item, and she simply never looked back from that day on... Today, she is a firm believer that Bamboo Bistro has the best Vietnamese Carpaccio in the LV West.I went to this restaurant with my family, as my mother was craving this Carpaccio that I still hadn't tried, and she had no one to accompany her...Now I'm more familiar with Vietnamese dirty style restaurants. You know, spots that are "B" graded, food that is served rapidly, prices that are unbelievably reasonable. This place is nothing like that. Nothing. No special #1. There is one beef soup combo, others are chicken, or pork, or even Duck soup! Everything was out of the usual viet-price range. Rice dishes at $9, soup bowls starting at $7, vermicelli at $10. ... Anywho, I tried this beef carpaccio my mother raved about and was NOT impressed, nor was I disappointed. It was decent in it's own right, but I still haven't seen a carpaccio that's lived up to the one back in Nor Cal (I REALLY wish I remembered that restaurant!). There was a hair on my plate but I let it slide. Then my beef soup came out, and there was a hair in my soup and I did NOT let this one slide. I got another one upon request and adjusted the soup to my own liking -- slathering siracha, chili sauce, basil, bean sprouts, and jalapenos into the mix. Soup was too salty to what I was used to. Pretty unhappy with that.My mom ordered the pork chop, and that was something Momma and I could agree on. It was HUGE, and it was really delicious. My brother kept hinting that the reason for it's flavor was because it was the fattiest part of the pig, but mother and I had no complaints. Verdict: Come here for the pork chop and beef carpaccio. Don't come here for the soup and the viet experience.
1	I know my asian food well enough to tell you that this place is horrible.  The first thing we ordered were the egg rolls.  Not bad, so I thought to myself our entrees wouldn't be so bad.  F**k no.  I ordered the lemongrass chicken.  Simple dish to prepare and they couldn't even get that right.  Maybe cause the cooks weren't asian.  The chicken was frostbitten and dry.  I was like are you kidding me.  The manager came over and asked me if everything was ok because she didn't see me eating my food.   She asked me if  I  wanted something else and I said, " not after what you just served me."  My friend tried one of the pho dishes and the broth was watery and the meatballs were hard.  I think i've said enough about this place.  No sense keep writing when there are much better places I could be eating at and writing about.
4	I had never had Vietnamese before but I really wanted to try it so on a recommendation from my boss I chose Bamboo Bistro to start. Am i glad I did. The owner came out personally to help our table of newbies and offered to order for us promising we would love it all. Every dish was fresh and served family style so we all got a taste. He showed us how to eat each dish including the technique of dipping with chopsticks. The one dish I knew I had to try was PHO so on my request he whipped it out and it was great. We all left full and in great spirits for the rest of the day it was a great experience and we all are going to return.
4	I'll keep this simple.  I think that Bamboo Bistro excels at a many dishes, and PHO IS NOT ONE of them.I only eat here when I have a mad craving for MEAT.  Their short ribs are tender and flavorful.  Their bun thit nuong always satisfies.  I'm also always a fan of working for my food, and that means I love the DIY goi cuon/spring roll combinations with the shrimp, marinated meats, etc.  Conclusion:  Go here for the non-Pho items and you'll be a happy camper.
4	I've only been here once. Went here with several friends after playing softball on a saturday morning.  Bamboo Bistro serves authentic vietnamese cuisine and is a family oriented restaurant and very casual.The food are served with very fresh ingredients and you can tell by the taste of the dishes they serve here.  Our server was also the manager and was very mean or so I thought, but that's just the way he spoke (loud as if he were mad). He proved me wrong by asking us if we want to put two chairs together with cushion for my friend's 2year old son when he saw him falling asleep. Very thoughtful of him, so for that i'll give this place 4 stars for its service.The Pho menu didn't have numbers and I was like damn, i've never ordered Pho in my life by actually trying to pronounce it.  I ordered the Pho Dac Biet I think it was called.  Added my spices, handful of beet sprout, and jalapeno (my usual addition) and taste came out superb. Wish I asked in the beginning if he could add extra brisket on it because I've never been to any Pho restaurant that was not selfish with meat.  There Rice Dish menu were very tasty as well.  My friend ordered the grilled short ribs and grilled pork shoulder.  Wish I ordered those instead of my Pho because it was more filling and tasted really good for a common dish menu that you find at other restaurants.  I'd def check this place out again if I'm ever near by.
3	Everything sucks here except for the short ribs...
3	I definately liked the pho here.  The broth is not as spicy (not hot, but spicy as in spice) which i like.  Most of the time you will get pho which will have a lot of cardamom, anise flavor in it, and i especially liked that this one was not as spicy.   They had an array of food to choose from....thai, viet, and even udonTheir eggrolls were very good.  The staff was a little slow but friendly, and the atmosphere was nice.  I really did like the simple asian decor in the place and it was clean.  There was a good amount of people in the place, not packed but well seated.I would definately go back here again.
3	the Bo Tai Chanh (beef carpaccio) was DELICIOUS. the pho on the other hand, had PLENTY of meat, but the soup was lacking flavor. My clothes always end up smelling like Pho when I get home from eating at Pho places around Chinatown, because they are so flavorful & aromatic, but not in this case, haha. I definitely will try other dishes besides pho next time i go there. The service was ok. Took a while to get our waters, even if we were the only ones in there. I'll probably review again, the next time I go, to update on the other foods.
5	Pho was phantastic!  Thrilled to have found this place, I'll be adding it to the list of my favorite Vegas restaurants.
4	Finally, good Vietnamese food in the Southwest valley! I had eaten at the former location a few times but have gone just as many times since they moved closer to where I live.I think they are related to or affiliated with a popular restaurant in Orange County called Anh Hong which is known for it's Bo 7 Mon (7 courses of beef). Few restaurants serve this specialty dish ( meal, really) so we're lucky to have Bamboo Bistro. If you haven't tried it, bring a few friends (no vegetarians) and enjoy!Other dishes they do well are the fried, whole catfish (often ordered with Bo 7 Mon), the mushroom soup and the pan fried noodles (in the appetizer section of the menu - Hieu Tieu Ap Chao).
2	Hubby and I wanted to warm up from the 30 degree weather so pho seemed like a good idea. Service was good. Restaurant was clean and pretty busy. I didn't really enjoy the pho with beef slices. It had a weird sweet after taste. I've tasted a lot of pho in my day. And I just didn't care for it. My husband enjoyed the Summer Rolls with peanut sauce. Sorry, I can't find a reason to go back.
2	How wonderful would it be to find a place close to home for good pho or bun(dry noodles)? I'm still looking... Only places that are good are in Chinatown. Advice: drive the extra 15 mins for good food. OK so here is how you know the food is not good, my wife which is not a big foodie and non-asian said: Me: how was the food (Bun, since we saw the bad reviews for the pho)?Wife: it's not good. Me: sauce tatse fine to me, the meat is not the right kind, but it's ok.Wife: the veggies tatse old. (she eats it with very little fish sauce if any) Since I eat it drenched in fish sauce and hot sauce I didnt tatse how bad it really is, she was right. It was missing some of the standard veggies and the ones that were in there tatsed old... Moral of the story: Tatse the food not the stuff hiding the food.
2	I stopped by Bamboo Bistro because I used to go there a lot when it was Pho Hoang, a nice little family run spot. My girlfriend told me she liked a BB that she went to so I decided to try it out.For me, the pho experience is all about the quality/taste of the broth. When I got my pho tai the broth was only warm not piping hot so it was hardly "cooking" the rare steak. The chicken wing appetizer just looked scary!I'll keep going down the street to Jenni Pho.
3	After reading so many reviews regarding the positive feedbacks of the beef carpaccio and the grilled short ribs, we finally went to try them out for ourselves. This is not the typical family style sharing type of restaurant.-grilled short ribs: thick and juicy, 3 pieces to an order, w/a side of salad and a scoop of rice-beef carpaccio:  very delicious. Was definitely a hit at the table-batter-fried cod fish filet w/ sweet and sour sauce:  alright-seafood and veggies on top of crispy noodle:  alrightThis place is good for a quick lunch. I would come back when I feel like beef carpaccio. Staff were friendly and restaurant was clean.
5	Best Vietnamese Food I've had thus far.....My husband and I frequent here once a week.  It's a date night!  The atmosphere is quiet and serene with a trickling pond and soft music.  We know we are going to have FRESH MADE food.  The Owner is very hands on at this establishment and has been very kind in teaching us a few things about his culture.  I love the personal service and the advice to try different items.  WE HAVE tried some interesting things, and I'm pleasantly surprised every time.I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for an inexpensive "YUMMY" fresh meal with personalized service.  PS... don't wait for them to come pick up your payment... you pay at the register when you are done.
3	I like the fresh summer rolls and the rice plate.  We also tried the Pho soup but it seems the broth is a little too sweet for my taste.  It tasted ok and once you put the sriracha, it tastes better...spicy and sweet.
3	My boyfriend and I drive by this place all the time, and since it is so close to our apartment, we decided to walk there this time. He loves to eat Pho, but I'm not a big fan of it all. Instead I opted for the spam fried rice which was a really hearty portion and it came wit 5 pieces of chicken wings and 2 fried eggs. It was pretty yummy. My boyfriend had the Pho with beef and meatballs. He said it was good too. The service though was a bit lacking. There was a lady there who seemed like she worked there but was too busy socializing with her friends sitting at another table. The other three guys, though very polite and friendly, were just there to mainly take your drink and food order and bring it out. We waited for about 10minutes without a refill of our empty water glasses. No one checked on us otherwise to see if we enjoyed the food or needed anything else. We had to wave down one of the guys to get refills and then later to get our check. Would I go back? Yes, but probably for take out only. Food was good..and I would like to try other items next time.
4	Needed something near the Rainbow and 215 and found this place on yelp.  So I decided to try it with my wife and buddy who I grew up with in San Fran....1.  Ambiance - Kinda of very casual and simple, plenty of tables.2.  Service - Went there around 11:30 for lunch and only a few people, so very easy and casual to get service. I did not get a lot of suggestions on the menu even though I asked, however, the service was okay, no issues at all.  I would say just casual.  I liked the fact that they let us stay as long as we wanted without pushing the bill on us.3.  Menu - Huge selection of rice dishes, meat dishes, Pho, table barbecue as well.  I want to come back for the table barbecue as it looks like a really good.- Chicken and Meat dishes - My friend ordered the grilled chicken and it was quite large serving, so be hungry when ordering the meat dishes.- Pho - No number system and let's face it, I cannot pronounce the language very well, so point and shoot was the best way to go.  I had Pho Beef Combo with all the beefy stuff , tendons and brisket in it. I ordered the large and wow was it very large.  The soup was okay, I put a lot of spice in it to get it some flavor.  They put a heck alot of noodles in it, however, mine was a bit clumpy and while the taste of the noodle was good, I found the fact that it was clumpy to be weird at best. Since texture is as important as taste, I would say that the Pho is not the greatest here, however, i will go again and try it to get a better idea.- Table barbecue - I am going to go back to try this with friends as it seems a really nice way to hang out and be with friends.  Even though I haven't tried it yet, I am excited to do so!!!4.  Price - No bad. Everything is just under 10.00 or slightly over. The table bbq meats and seafood is just under 20.00 for the plate of meat.5.  Will keep you updated on the return visit. However, I am interested enough to try this place again. My suggestion also is to go to Bosa 1 on Jones and Spring Mountain when it is not busy time, you will see how the service is different, where they are explaining things, letting you try things and helping you with your culinary experience!GK says... Check it out!
5	My family has been coming here since they first opened! It's vietnames food, only classier! All of their menu items are made exquisitely with love and the restaurant is overseen by the owners everyday. Rest assured the quality of food & service will always be good! My favorite dishes are the the korean bbq spare ribs, beef carppaccio (which is thin slices of rare beef topped with lemon juice, garnish & crushed roasted peanuts, who knew raw meat was to die for!?), ground beef wrapped in lotus leaf, & don't forget dessert/drink tri-color drink! They have dishes you can't get at any other vietnamese place, but don't worry they still have Pho & Vermicelli bowls! Everybody that I have taken here has been impressed so far, that's why you should try it too!
4	I live around the neighborhood.I am a big fan of pho so the place is where I wanna be. The pho is good, soup is tasty and flavorful. The rice combination has big portion and still maintain good standard. The owner seems work pretty hard on business, I think they just revamped the layout. Quiet and casual place. Recommended.
3	After a long day at work, I decided to get some takeout on my way home. My fella suggested Vietnamese so I found Bamboo Bistro on my trusty Yelp app and headed over. The restaurant in pretty roomy and clean. I'd definitely be interested in eating there next time. The service was pleasant as well. I ordered some vermacelli bowls to go along with a tofu summer roll. I wasn't a big fan of the noodles. Just not as good at Pho So 1, but still tasty. My shrimp was ok, but a little on the fishy side for my taste. My fella's pork was overly dry and really well done. The tofu summer roll was pretty tasty and I liked that they included hot sauce in the to go bag as well. This place didn't blow me away, but I think based on other reviews I might just have ordered the wrong things. If I'm in the area again, I wouldn't hesitate to check them out but this first experience doesn't have me feel like I want to rush back again soon.
1	Sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but I went here to get a rejuvenating yummy bowl of goodness, which I could eat every day, and my hopes were thwarted.I got about 1/2 way though my rare beef & flank Pho, when I was overcome with a deathly feeling.  My poor colleague said I turned pale white and looked awful.  I broke into a sweat and quickly paid our bill, dropped him off at work, and headed home.  Thank goodness I live nearby.  I barely got through the front door before all systems went full reverse.  With all the options out there, I think I'll have to scratch this place of my list.  Sorry :(  I had such high hopes.
5	Totally impulsive "let's try that place!" (leading to a dangerous u-turn) found us in Bamboo Bistro. We had the bowl of "Rice vermicelli combo with pork, shrimp and egg rolls", and it was a post-yoga grand slam. I think our waitress was "mom" of the "mom and pop" owner duo, and she said next time to try short ribs and their curry dishes. She was clearly proud, and she deserved to be. Best thing of all, incredibly inexpensive, even for off-strip.
4	I've been wanting to try bamboo bistro for a while, but the location kind of secluded so I always seem to drive past by it and stop by at Jenni Pho instead. Well, one afternoon after I past through it again, I decided to do a U turn and really try it. We were greeted probably by the owner, a nice old gentleman who is pretty nice and knowledgeable about the dish. I ordered a nice com bo luc lac dish and my fiancee ordered her lovely pho.We actually enjoyed the pho here better than Jenny Pho and I actually love my com bo luc lac dish with red tomato rice. Nice to know that I dont have to go to pho kim long for nice vietnamese dish now.They even have a great egg rolls that match those of pho kim long's. All and all I can say that I am a fan. Although some of the review here complain about how mexican run the kitchen and the restaurant. I wouldnt too worried about it. Almost 50 % of mexican run the kitchen in the west coast area so get use to it.
3	My husband and I have been here a few times now and have mixed feeling about the place.  As far as service is concerned, it varies from time to time. When it's the owner who is taking our order, everything is great. She understands us well, gets the oder right, and gets the food to us quickly.  But when it's her staff, it's a whole different experience(one time I could have sworn my order was taken by a twelve year old, and another time it was taken by some really unpleasant and visually irritated man).  We believe that if your main clientele are people who live in the neighborhood, you might want to step up your service standards, because we might not come back.  Especially if there are 2 other Pho places literally down the street.Anyways, aside from the hit or miss service, we actually really like the place. The dining area is spacious and clean, well-lit and comfortable. The quality of their Pho is great, especially the fresh spring rolls, pho with steak and tripe, and the charbroiled pork bun.  The prices are competitive and they accept most major credit cards, unlike Jenny Pho down the street, who only takes cash.  If you are a fan of Fresh Spring Rolls, try their summer rolls, which is when they substitute the traditional pork with charbroiled pork. Yum!  All in all, We will still come back, but mainly because the food is great and the location is ideal, considering Spring Mountain is so far away for us in Mountain's Edge.
2	I've had the Bo Luc Lac awhile back at their DI location & that was quite tasty. Buttery garlic sauteed w/ cubed steak on a bed of rice! Yum! But on this visit, I was disappointed.My husband and I started with fresh spring rolls. Peanut sauce was salty & lettuce tasted dirty. I've had better.We then got Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio. Presentation was nice but the noodles were on the hard side. Noodles are the predominant part of this dish and if that isn't good, there's no turning it back. The meat & egg rolls were great. For a treat we ordered Che Ba Mau. This was the worst I've ever had! It was mushy/lumpy and taste nothing like the traditional Che Ba Mau. This should be banned!Service was good and the people are nice but the food just wasn't cutting it for me.
4	Only have been to old location, but have been there 20+ times, i remember the very good portions good flavors and the freshness of the items.
4	Good Vietnamese food and friendly owners.
3	I have not been to this place since it moved from its Desert Inn location. In all, it's still the same. I've always come out here with my family and it's a decent restaurant. Some dishes I LOVE are the pan-fried noodles with seafood which has the perfect balance of crunchy and crispy textures on the outside and that chewy texture on the inside. Put a bit of Siracha and it's perfect. I also really like the Yuka Root with bbq meat and shrimp that you can put into a wrap. The Yuka root is a healthy alternative to the potato with a great texture. However, the pho is decent at best and there has been multiple times our pork shoulder has not been cooked all the way. Otherwise, this is also a great dish. I think a little more attention to detail can really bring this place to another level.
3	Ok for a quick bite but nothing fancy. Food is good. The rare beef dish was very good thin slices of meat and good favor. Other dish were blah. The service was good and the place is clean. I think this is one of those place where you just go for a quick meal. The Calamansi drink is good to.
5	This place is definitely my go to for quick, and delicious Vietnamese food. The portions here are extremely generous, and cost effective. A half chicken with salad and rice is under $10, that's what I'm talking about!The menu is the standard cuisine you would expect from a traditional Vietnamese place. It has spring rolls, egg rolls, vermicelli salads, endless varieties of Pho, 7 courses of beef, you name it, they have it. Flavors developed in the kitchen are great. With each dish, you can really taste the oriental spices and marinades that go into the proteins. Even their salad has a nice vinaigrette dressing lightly tossed in. As far as the Pho goes, it's fantastic, cheap, and delicious.As far as service goes, do not expect corny, smiley faces each time you go in, it's just not in the culture to bend over backwards for everyone. The owner is very friendly however once you get to know him, and his wife is very sweet. He has his sons helping them out on their off time, which makes it that much better knowing you are getting a quality meal from a family owned place than a chain that half the time, doesn't give a shit.All in all, I am a repeat customer and will be as long as the place is open!
5	For pho lovers like my self this is the best place to be. The service is even better. The broth have less sodium less fat. So much better jenni pho. Must visit place. 10 stars on my book. Try the tofu veggie pho
1	This is a review that has been way overdue. The first time I dined here was actually 7 months ago when I moved into the area. I thought it was great find a vietnamese restaurant that was close to home and wasn't located in ChinaTown.I walked in the whole staff was siting down doing their duties like rolling utensils. They seemed confused, debating who should seat us. Our waitress seemed to be more interested with a friend she had dining at the restaurant than us. As she tells her husband to tend to us, she continued to keep talking to her friend. Her husband barely spoke to us and was not at all friendly. We ordered Pho' and the grilled lemongrass beef served with vegetable and rice paper. The Pho' was okay and the grill lemongrass beef was great. Overall my first experience there was horrible.A few months later I went here again because I didn't want to drive all the way to ChinaTown because of the heavy traffic at the time. My boyfriend and I walked in and was completely ignored. I asked if we should seat ourselves and the husband pointed his finger up in a motion to hold on as he was looking at something on the computer. His wife and staff were siting down doing their duties like last time and none of them assisted us either. He finally sat us, served us water, and said, "here you go," and walked away. As a family walked in, the staff, husband, and wife quickly greeted them. He sat them, served them water, and gave them menus before us. We were completely in shock on how we were getting treated. As the husband, wife, and staff glimpse over at us, they continue to talk for a good minute before he started to work his way to our table to give us menus. I said thank you as he handed us our menus and he said, "Yeah," and walked away to talk to the other table. We had enough and walked out.Even through the food was okay and it's only 1.0 miles away from home; I would never step foot in here ever again. The service is horrible and the staff seemed to only cater to the people they know. It seems like they would careless about their NEW guests. This place is a joke. I would never recommend this place to anyone I know or anyone on Yelp!
5	Some of the best Vietnamese food I've ever had.
5	Chicken pho was soo good! Rice with veggies... ehhh. I'll go back for the pho though! Oh P.S. not open on Sunday's which is ridiculous!
5	The best Vietnamese food found off the strip and away from China Town. I will mention that I've been all over the world and never had I come across quality dishes like this. The staff is intuitive, thoughtful and understand the intricities of their menu. I recommend anyone from anywhere to come here while in Vegas, or for locals to make this place your new go-to restaurant for a fast and awesome meal. Truly, this is as good as it gets.
5	My son and I love this place, some of the best Pho in town. Great portions and family owned. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for good Pho that doesn't want to drive downtown.
5	My favorite new pho! In town. My family eats like crazy and I went to them to this place 30 minutes before it closed:/ I hate doing that but that's how my mom rolls. Anyways everything was so fresh. Pho 1 and Kim long have more reviews but this was better and a lot more fresh. Service was great! They packed all our food and were very kind. Oxtail soup and peanut sauce soup were my favorite! It's a plus it's close to my house and the pho is the best!!
4	Love this place and I'm sad that I'm moving!!! I became a pho lover about a year ago and have to say I was really happy to find a place near my house so I wouldn't have to go to China Town anymore. With that said the food is really good. I always got pho ga but a friend of mine always got this HUGE dish with egg rolls, some meat, an egg, rice, and other stuff and he loved that also. Speaking for the pho the flavor would vary slightly from visit to visit sometimes being really good (maybe it was a hangover day) to just being good but really people it's pho and you can't really mess it up. As for the service. I get what people are saying that they may seem a little impersonal but really people. It's obviously a small family owned place and the people are really nice overall and attentive. It may be that I'm used to it now but I got used to it by my second visit. I think they just expect you to act as family and they will treat you as such so just do what I do... just walk in and seat yourself where ever you like and say hi when they come over quickly and give you a menu. I think most have gotten used to that which is why they are only really awkward during the seating process in which yes they do kind of just stare at you if you stand at the door and wait to be seated. LOL trust me once you realize this it really is kind of cute in a way. LOL
4	The food is always great.  The owners are so kind and caring.  This is one of our favorite spots.
5	My favorite viet food on this side of town.
5	Amazing freshness!! Fantastic service!! Delicious flavors!! If you are unsure of what is on the menu or how to eat your meal, ask and they will give a quick tutorial   :).  I've eaten here for years and NEVER had a bad meal or service.
4	I love their pho and other food and the owner and workers always nice. they have great portion too. its not very crowded there like jenny so we can get great service.im craving for their bun now...
5	Absolutely my favorite Pho place in town! I get takeout from here at least twice a week and highly recommend the Seafood Pho Satay, Pho Ga (Chicken) and the Vermicelli Noodle Combination Plate. I keep going back because the food is always SUPER fresh, good 'til the last bite, and the portions are huge! Plus, it's a family run restaurant and I really appreciate how friendly the owners / servers are every single time I come in!Once, when I was really sick with a cold, the owner gave me some ginger tea with my takeout. Not only was it delicious, but it really helped me feel better. It's awesome when you go to a dining establishment and you are treated like family. It feels like home.Love this place!
3	Wife and I found this place by chance. I am a big pho lover so I love trying new places. The place was decent looking. I have seen worse decor. I ordered the rare steak pho and pork egg rolls. The pork egg rolls were not up to par. They were a little bland. The pho was good. Not the best I have tried but still pretty damn good. My wife ordered the short ribs. She enjoyed them. So why the 3 stars? Service! One of the worst things a restaurant can do is bring out one persons food much earlier than the others.  My wife waited 10 minutes for her short ribs only to have to send it back because it wasn't well done as she specified. So she waited another 7 minutes. I had to stop eating to keep from finishing my plate before her food came. Step up your service! This could have been a 4 star review!
5	By far the cleanest Pho house in this town. No mystery meat and the owners take pride in their dishes. The bun, squid(awesome!), clams are also killer! Can't say enough about this place! Favorite Vietnamese in Vegas!
4	I don't know what happened to this place. They used to be really really really bad. But a coworker of mine said it's his "go-to" place for pho. So I decided to give it another try. Bunch of us from work went in. I ordered a combination pho. To my surprise, the broth was very tasty. I'm not sure if it was because I expected something bland or what, but I was simply impressed with the broth. The serving of noodles was plentiful and the bowl was filled with meat. There was almost too much meat, but I'm not sure if I can ever have a bowl of pho with TOO much meat in it. They also had meatballs included. I hate it when you get a combination and meatballs are extra. Only thing missing was the tripe, but I'm fine with that since I'm not a big tripe fan. The large was $8.99. A bit pricier than other places, but with the amount of food you get, it's well worth it. Definitely back on my pho radar.
4	To me pho in general doesn't make me jump with excitement, it once did when I would eat a bowl once in a great while but now it seems like I've had pho some where every week this past year. Who knows how many large bowls of pho I've gone through in the last 12 months, it's definitely more than all my prior years combined, lots of liquid.  Anyways Bamboo Bistro has grown on me it's not just a pho place they serve more than pho. Their pho is good though I can't tell the difference between good pho and really good pho. I remember it satisfying my cravings each time. They have a decent selection of items to choose from and add to your pho. I enjoyed the pho rare steak, cooked beef, and meat balls.  I also enjoyed the pho rare steak and brisket.  I've haven't tried the oxtail or beef stew yet but that's on my list next. The broth was good, usually I need to load my pho with a lot of sriracha and hoisin but I didn't here, just a little. For their non-pho, I've had their grilled pork.  It was a more than generous portion of food and you could probably split it with another person.  It was I think 3 pieces of grilled pork topped with 2 fried eggs, a large scoop of rice, and house salad. I've seen others in the group order the katsu, the tilapia, and the salt and pepper shrimp plates and they were all delicious looking.  Their egg rolls are good also. They make various Asian desserts and drinks.  It's spacious with a nice flat screen TV on the wall.  Clean with good customer service and they're good with getting large groups in and then out with no problems. Most of their items are under $10 which is always good.
5	This place is fabulous. My husband and I have been going here since they opened. Best Pho In town, its hard to try new things on the menu. I like vegetable pho, which isnhard to find, most places dont even have this option available. This is a small family owned place, the service isn't fast but it is genuine. My dad used to go with us before he past and the owner would sit next to him and talk and give him breathing exercises. Tonight we went in hoping pho would help the food poisoning we incurred a day ago. Didn't get through the meal but the owner was so gracious she went next door and bought ginger from the market and made us ginger tea to go. I really love this place, its like going home for dinner and I want it to be successful for years to come.
3	Jenni pho was our "go-to" pho place since they opened, but I think there's new management there because the food/service has gone downhill. Because of this, we decided to give Bamboo Bistro a try. The pho here is good, but nothing spectacular. I did, however, really enjoy the fried chicken wing appetizer. I guess I'm still on the hunt for a new pho place, but in a pinch Bamboo Bistro will do!
4	Great food. Good summer rolls, they could reduce the large amount of sprouts, then add something interesting like mushrooms and mint and basil. Or a steak tartar would be amazing.The Pho was good. This will be our local Vietnamese spot for now on. I want to try something new every visit. The lady running the place was very attentive, the youngs boys didn't know a menu question I had. They were ver attentive and I felt appreciated. Can't wait to come back for the healthy and inexpensive meals.I love watching them feed the fish in the tank.
4	Clean and deceptively large place.The food is pretty good and the portion was huge.One bummer is their online menu is wrong - it seems to have not been updated since about 2008.  I went there specifically for something they had listed online that I couldn't get.  Was pretty disappointed about that.
4	Good Vietnamese food for Vegas! Decently priced and they have huge portions. Their pho broth is flavorful and they use fresh ingredients. Best part was there was no wait at all.
4	We came here based on Bo 7 Mon (7 courses Beef dinner) advertisement on Google and good reviews. We were disappointed that they no longer offer it, but rather broke down the 7 courses beef into different single order dishes but it is not exactly the same. Anyway, we ordered from the menu. We got to say the portion was great, get your money's worth. Food was excellent. The restaurant is nice & clean, the setting was good for family type. We will definitely come back.
3	Got the vermicelli noodles! It was delicious! The wait took forever tho. Me and my sister got it to go, and there was already two families sitting down. One had their food. It took about 40 mins for us to get our food. We didn't even order that much!! I'm sorry, but making noodles does not take 40 mins.
5	Saigon steak & egg that I like the most in town. And more Vietnamese foods ...here. Cannot pass three color desert that's nowhere else.
4	I love how they have chicken and shrimp pho together because that's my favorite combo, service is very nice and fast and greeted us with a smile. Medium size is actually bigger than most place and soup is just really great. I recommend coming here if your in a budget but wanna eat until your full. I suggest getting the chicken curry because it's awesome!!!
3	i dont come here often but my mom likes to come here for whatever the reason is i dont know but she gets along with the owner so i guess sometimes you stick the places you feel comfortable with.. i did have something unique here it was like a hibachi at my table im not sure what you call it but it had raw beef, shrimp and squid you dip it in a shrimp paste sauce and your supposed to wrap it in the spring roll and make it yourself which was pretty good other than that the other dishes were ok
5	This place is very warm and inviting. Food doesn't disappoint us everyone we come here. It's a family owned restaurant and service is great. Owners are very nice and the kids who help out is very polite. Pretty big portions. I always have to share it with another person because it's a lot. Pretty consistent with the taste of food. We're always a happy camper here :)
5	Amazing pho for a great price.  We have tried the other pho places, and this one is by far the best in the area.  By far.
4	Solid family-ran pho place... nothing to complain about. Waiter boys can be little more attentive though on refilling drinks and checking up on people.
5	This place was delicious. I love pho and decided to be adventurous and try the peanut butter pho and I was so glad that I did. It was frankly incredibly delicious. For dessert I had the 'steamed banana red bean sweet rice coconut milk topped with peanuts' dessert and I ate it all by myself. It was that good. Normally after pho I don't eat anything else because pho is so filling and the peanut butter pho only comes in a large bowl but I ate that entire dessert. I think maybe my only complain is that the party tray items don't come in regular dinner sizes because the party menu looked amazing. My boyfriend is not as familiar with Vietnamese cuisine and was having trouble trying to find something he would like because the menu (aside from the party tray part of the menu) was not very descriptive and he wished there were photos somewhere so he could see what he was ordering. He ended up getting the grilled chicken with salad and rice. I didn't try his food but his chicken looked perfectly grilled. I really liked this place. I would definitely come again.
4	I had the oxtail beef curry. Some of the best oxtail in Vegas. It was boiling hot so it took awhile to cool down. It ended up being over $19 though just for that one big bowl... So I can't eat it that often
2	After seeing all the wonderful reviews on Yelp for this restaurant, we decided to give it a try. Ordered rare steak and beef ball pho, chicken and shrimp goi cuon (rice paper spring roll), and a lemonade.    Both dishes were mediocre. The beef ball was not tasty and the broth was not too flavorful.  The rice noodle in the goi cuon was too wet.  When asked if the lemonade was fresh squeezed twice, we were told that it was. However, when the lemonade came out, it didn't taste fresh; rather it tasted more like bottles lemon juice added with sugar.    Despite the less than flavorful food, the service was great. The owner/worker brought two bowls for us to share the pho and separate dipping sauce for the spring rolls.
3	I have a soft spot in my heart for the Pho broth from this restaurant, probably because its strong salty and robust flavor raises my blood pressure sky high. A family run restaurant with a family atmosphere. I usually get either Pho with rare steak or Pho with rare steak, beef ball, and brisket. Large amounts of noodles. The accouterments were okay, though the basil seemed to be kind of wilted. But its really good that way because the flavor is intensified, I guess. This restaurant is clutch, and lots of people bring their families.
5	I ordered Pho Tai. It was perfect. They didn't skimp on the meat or noodles. It came out hot,  the steak was still rare and perfect. The restaurant was nice and clean and the service was good too.
1	We came to this place at random because it was close to Lee's Sandwich which had recently open. The smell aroused us (my boyfriend and I) to make a visit and try something different. We were seated immediately BUT NO ONE, ABSOLUTELY NO ONE CAME BY TO TAKE OUR ORDER! We were waiting for a good 9-10 minutes!! Still no one came and my partner and I were even generous enough to give them chances and you know what happened? They served another table that came in AFTER US! Fucking ridiculous, how can your service be that shitty? All I wanted was a combination pho but now, I'm currently at JENNI PHO who had taken no less than a minute to take out order immediately and assist us. Screw this place!
5	I love this place. It's my fav pho in town. I always get an egg on top yum. And the combination egg rolls are a must. Great family Owned place. Love them and the food
4	Of course Chinatown Spring Mountain LV has its share of excellent Pho but I thought I would try this neighborhood joint as I was in SW Vegas for a meeting. It was worth the visit as the restaurant was super clean, the owners very friendly and the food was very fresh and tasty. I would recommend this bistro for those that live in the area as well as those that normally go to ChinaTown but want a slightly different locale to enjoy their Pho! Worth the visit!
1	The worse Bun Bo Hue. Com bo luc lac not good, rice is dried, tasteless. Not recommended.
5	Restaurant now closed :-( This was my favorite Pho spot in the SW.You will be missed.
5	Just drove by and saw our favorite Pho place is closed :( they had some of the best food for a great price. Would of been great on this cool weather. Guess we have to look for another place. My family will definitely miss this place. I hope they just relocated somewhere else. There was something wonderful about their seafood pho and their spring rolls!!! The prices were great also very reasonable!!
