5	Best Chinese food I've ever had. Orange chicken was delicious. Mongolian beef is great. Honey walnut shrimp is different but really tastily.
5	China One is awesome! I remember I had a bad experience with them a few years ago, but I ordered delivery a few nights ago, and I must say, they've definitely redeemed themselves!I was sitting at home hungry, while my boyfriend was out with his dad, so I decided to go out on a limb and finally make a decision on my own :P I just so happened to get a flyer from China One with some coupons on it, and I can't resist a good coupon, so I made my decision!I got the honey walnut shrimp and a large order of Thai tea, the total was a little more than I'd anticipated (delivery charge?) so I used the coupon for free crab rangoon. The food came in a timely manner, and the lady who took my order over the phone was really nice, which definitely added to my experience! As far as the honey walnut shrimp goes--OMG! Hands down the best honey walnut shrimp I've tasted! They don't skimp on the shrimp either!! This could definitely feed 2 or 3 people! So flavorful and it surprisingly felt healthy! I knew I made a good decision that day! The Thai tea wasn't too flavorful, but it complimented the meal perfectly anyway. Will definitely go back for seconds in the future!
1	I noticed that this place opened recently and wanted to give them a chance.....big mistake!Looked promising at first. There were 4 people ahead of me in line when I got there. Menus are printed in color on nice paper, they don't have it displayed on the walls. Decided to go with the Orange Chicken lunch special since the price wasn't too bad, $5.95. I also ordered the Vegetable Egg Rolls. I was going to try one of their smoothies, but they didn't look very good in those machines. Like they weren't mixed very well. I paid for my order and they told me it would be a 10 minute wait. No problem, since they were cooking everything fresh (I think).Took it home and was pretty disappointed. The Orange Chicken was bland and the sauce seemed chunky, like it was old or something. You know it's bad when Panda Express serves better Orange Chicken! The egg rolls weren't very good either. They were hot and crispy, but bland as well, even with the sweet and sour sauce. Again, you know it's bad when Panda Express has better egg rolls!!Stay away! Unless you are ok with tasteless "Chinese" food!
5	People were very friendly and the food was excellent. The guy even gave us more coupons even though we had just used a coupon!! That's never happened before. I am glad we live close by and will be going back soon.We got the lunch special for 5.95 and it was enough food to feed two people easily.....and I eat a lot! Tons of vegetables in every dish which I really really love. I would put them on par with P.F. Changs but for about a 1/4 of the price.Very very good
4	Food here was very good and the service was wonderful. The only downside was that the serving sizes were too big. ALL IN ALL VERY GOOD!
5	I cannot complain! Good food with very economical price!!! Thank you so much china one!
5	China one has great Chinese food!!!! And even better customer service!!!! We stopped in and ordered take out and got a great greeting from Rebecca. We ordered and waited just a few minutes before getting our order. The young lady gave us our order and mentioned there was coupons inside for next time. Suprise!!!!!!! We had a extra little box of free fried wontons to try. What a great gesture! We will be returning!!
4	Wow, ordered and had food practically before I hung up the phone. Even better food was hot and fresh will certainly order again. I like the garlic beef, chicken fried rice and the crab ran goons. Was easy to order via telephone.  They are super close to my house so I may try a visit to their dining room very soon.  There is also a Panda Express nearby about the same distance really ChinaOne is way better.
2	I'm holding off in writing this full review until I hear from the owner or someone else whom is able to make me feel better about giving this place more of my money...
4	Wife and I went here for a quick bite. We normally hit a different Chinese take-out around the corner when we want a quick fix of chinese food but we decided to give this place a try. My wife got the combo teri-bowl, I got the sweet and sour pork. The beef in the teri-bowl had an odd texture but tasted fine with the sauce. overall she really enjoyed it.I like to get my sweet and sour with the sauce on the side and that wasn't a problem here. Now overall, for someone to say that the food they got here was the best Chinese food they have ever had is a bit of a stretch. I will say though, that this was the best sweet and sour pork I have ever gotten from a strip mall take-out place. Nice bite size pieces of yummy pork goodness wrapped in a light-crunchy fried coating. Just wonderful!Bottomline: we will go there again. Service was nice and friendly. Clean bathroom. Large portions and good prices.
5	We were craving Chinese food tonight.  We had a flyer show up in the mail too. They seemed good as far as yelp reviews. we decided to try it out.7:10pm We pulled in and parked at the store front.  You could see the cook chopping fresh cabbage because he had one of the doors open (screen door was shut). We walked in to be greeted with a friendly welcome. I smiled the girl taking our order read our minds and asked if it was to go. We did the Dinner B for $30 it seemed like a great deal feeds 3-4.  We went with the Wonton Soup, house fried rice, and two orders of sweet & sour chicken.  Also grabbed another order of 6 Crab Rangoon ($5.55) and we had a coupon from the flyer spend $30 get $5 off the bill. We asked if they had Duck sauce, it's sweet & tangy sauce usually made of peach or apricot jam, plum jam, Vinegar, soy sauce, ginger & a hint of chili pepper.  It's more of an East Coast thing, BUT THEY HAVE IT!!  My boyfriend went outside for a quick smoke while I waited. the food was ready in 10 minutes! WOW! She said she put 3 little cups of duck sauce in the bags for us. SWEET! On the way home (10 minutes) the food traveled well, it was driving me nuts with the aroma of deliciousness in the car. MmMm!We got home they put the sweet & sour off to the side in a container which was nice and very considerate. So it wasn't soggy chicken when we got home. They even poked little vents in the boxes too.The house fried rice had lots of goodies, BBQ pork, shrimp AND CHICKEN? I was really amazed how much came in the rice. REALLY GOOD. Sweet and Sour Chicken had green pepper, onion & pineapples, super yummy also. Egg rolls were delicious, I dipped them in the duck sauce.  The Crab Rangoons were the freshest ones I've ever had. Lots of flavor and I eat two of them.It's not East Coast Chinese, but it's VERY close.  First place I've been to that serves Duck Sauce, China One won me over. You can order online but if you're ordering take out I suggest not using the online feature, unless of course you lived around the block.If you want to have a sit down meal & a PERFECT view of the strip it's kind of a cute date spot.
4	Ordered delivery from Eat24... The food came much quicker than expected, on a Saturday! Was given 45-60 mins quote, arrived in less than 30. Ordered beef and broccoli, sweet and sour pork, fried rice, won ton soup, egg rolls, and crab rangoons (family dinner B, I believe). The crab rangoons and egg rolls were NOT dripping in grease, unlike other Chinese restaurants in the area (lived on this side of town for many years and I've tried them all). The egg rolls were a little bland, but they were fresh and crunchy. The beef and broccoli was a little bland too, but the veggies were VERY fresh. The broccoli was perfect crisp, not soggy. The sweet and sour pork was average, but again,  not greasy like many other restaurants. The friend rice was... Not very fried. The rice was literally still white, I've never had fried rice that didn't look or taste fried. All in all, it was pretty good, I wasn't blown away, however was not disappointed either.
4	Always fresh, always good. Seems every location I've eaten at has pretty good quality food and this location is no different. Lunch specials daily (not just weekdays) make it a bargain to boot.I'm a fan of the Generals chicken....spicy please!
1	A very typical Chinese business: you either get acceptable service for a low price or you get really shitty service for a low price. Unfortunately, I got the shitty service.I ordered delivery from them but the driver ever came. An hour after I ordered, i called to see if the driver was on his way, and of course I was promised the food was on the way already. Another half hour passed by and the food still didn't come. Oh well, that's what you get for buying Chinese food sometimes.
5	Great tasting crab rangoons...very creamy and smooth.  Mongolian Beef lunch special was delicious too.  Great flavor and the fried rice was good too!  $5.99 lunch special is a great deal!
3	OMG they gave me 2 meals worth of food. They also do quick delivery!!!! I wish the veggies had more flavor.
5	Low prices.  Big portions. Delicious. Fast delivery. What's not to like about this place? Don't judge this book by it's cover!Love their combo chow fun, fried chicken wonton, chow mein, Hong Kong style cow mein... Only thing I'm not to crazy about is the pot stickers.  Too breaded. Enjoy!
1	Ordered a large shrimp chow mein and only got four shrimps in the WHOLE thing. Never again.
1	This place is bland bland bland! I thought I ordered Mongolian beef but it was just meat cooked with veggies! Orange chicken was it chicken? Not ordering again
1	Ordered 8 entries from this location through Eat24. Estimated delivery time was 45-600 minutes. An hour later received a call from Eat24 that this location is backed up and my order was transferred to Rainbow location. 20 minutes later, a call from Eat24 again: sorry but the new location doesn't carry items from your order. Ok, fine, I chose something else. 10 minutes later a call from the new location: Oh we just want to verify your order and will get to it asap. Really? I ordered an hour and a half ago and my order has not even been started! I will not even await for the food to give a rating. It's a one star since I can't give less and I will not order from them again even if the food is absolutely amazing!
4	Online ordering is super easy. The food was ready to go when we got there. Tasty beef and broccoli! The orange chicken had a little too much breading and not enough chicken inside. Overall, a good experience and quality food.
2	Very nice people. So many good Chinese places in town.This place is just not one of them.
