3	A decent wine selection all of which can be bought in the shop.We just stopped in for a glass of wine & a cheese plate.  I had the house Chardonnay, it was tasty @ $7 a glass.My husband had a sparkling muscat, it was soooo good.The cheese plate was ehhh.  Hopefully their rotating cheeses will keep it interesting.Our server seemed nervous or maybe he was just trying too hard.He must have told us at least 4 times thanks for coming & please come back in.  Or something to that affect.I'd try it again.
2	I really wanted to like this place but they failed at too many points for that to happen. First a friend of mine was in town who happens to own a great wine bar in another city so we decided to check this place out having never been there. We arrived at 9:10pm on a Sunday night and was finally greeted by the bartender at 9:15 and she said that it was last call and if we wanted something from the kitchen we would have to order right now. This would have been fine if we even had menus. Since when does a bar close at 9pm in this town??? We ordered food and a few glasses of wine. The first glass was was from a corked bottle. I'm no expert but the smell was clearly that of a molded cork, very pungent. The bartender said she didn't notice, this was clear since she served half of the bottle to other guests prior to us being there. (BTW this is most like because this little tartlet burned out her olfactory senses long ago)Then the food, oy. The Hummus had a hair in it! A long nasty funky hair! I told the bartender it was fine (I'm not one to make a fuss) then she insisted on getting us a new one and I declined. She still had it sent out but we didn't eat it. She asked why and I explained as nicely as I could that the hair likely came from the container that the hummus was in and not the plate it was placed on so the entire batch was contaminated making the new hummus just as nasty as the first. I don't think she followed my logic. The pate was not made in house i.e. bought already done and was served with out and bread or crostinis. The kobe sliders tasted like dog food and looked half as good. Kobe isn't meant to be well done!!!! The only good thing was the spinach dip with bacon in it. By this time we moved on to beer of which the only had two. And this was in preparation to go to the Yard House since they're open past 9:30.I, however, will give them the benefit of the doubt and try them again....... but so help me god if it is not any better!!!!!!
1	It happened again!!!!! My wife an I went in a 9:10pm on a thursday and they said that they had already called last call!!!!! Yet the bar was full.....of employees.The bartender was pleasent when she said we could have a drink if we made it quick but I declined. Not this time. I just went right over to Yardhouse and had a beer. Anyone else having these experiences here? Don't worry I hear their competition is coming soon!
3	Decent place, came here for the happy hour, wine was OK and the happy hour selection was average.  The wine choice could have been more inspired, as it favored the full bodied sweet reds, only one of the choices was to my liking: a fairly dry Pinot Noir.I had the Kobe beef sliders, meh, my buddy talked them up like they were the best shit on earth, but I would have preferred White Castle.
4	Decided to hit up The Grape after service at Cadillac Ranch was a little less than stellar (I am being kind).  I have been here before and tried the hummus, crab cakes, caesar salad, and the bruschetta. They were all quite enjoyable.  I really enjoy the hummus. During previous visits, they have been VERY generous with the wine samples. On my most recent visit I had the opportunity to try the white truffle mac and cheese with proscuitto (on the specials menu that evening) and the cambozola, prosciutto and fig pizza.  They were scrumptious! Unfortunately, they were out of the wine my friend ordered, but they made up for it by bringing out two samples of comparable wines for him to choose from.  I ordered the malbec, and enjoyed it very much.
3	Have to say that the grape is a good place to go for a quick glass of wine and maybe some of their expansive cheese menu...However, the grape faces a very big issue when it comes to location.It unfortunately reserves a space in front of the movie theatre and directly across from Yardhouse.  To add to this problem it is below Cadillac Ranch and Blue Martini (See where this is going)In Townsquare the options can be overwhelming at times but seriously? I just can't see a simple wine bar making a large dent in that kind of area.  However, they do offer a different option for those winos out there so plan a trip and enjoy!
3	I attended a networking event at The Grape last night with the Las Vegas Network for Professionals and really enjoyed the atmosphere from the low lighting, to the art and the color scheme. It really has a very cozy/quaint feel to it that I think in Vegas can often be hard to find. I had a few glasses of their Happy Hour Wine ($5 a glass!) and some toasted bread with marinara and cheese dipping sauce, it was so yummy.  I'm excited to go back and try their lunch/dinner menu, if the food and service is as good as what I experienced last night, I would move them up to 4 stars. I also have to give Glen the bartender there a shout-out, he was on top of it, informative and friendly.
4	I'm not sure what I love most about The Grape. The service is beyond friendly and helpful. I'm pretty sure the bartender is my brother from another mother. The staff isn't interested in merely serving you. They're interested in ensuring you have a lively and socially satisfying time. Then there's the impressive happy hour. Bottles are 50% off with a $15 food purchase. We bought a $60 bottle of California Pinot Noir for $30, shared amongst three of us. And we got a $15 fondue platter (white chocolate) that fed five of us. The entire experience was supreme.I'm not a wine expert. So, I can't tell you if their wine menu is great or not. But I can tell you that the ambiance is warm and inviting. Service is impeccable. The happy hour is divine. And, the time you spend there will be memorable and fun.
4	The Grape..a friendly, cozy place to bring your friends or a date, if those things still happen anymore. The interior ambiance is sleek if you can appreciate abstract and interesting art (which I do), with live bands or a pianist you will enjoy a decent play-list while you wine and dine. Food at the Grape is delicious! It's a bit on the pricey side and it sort of has that tapas feel as far as portion sizes go, but definitely worth it if you're looking to treat yourself to something different one evening. As far as service goes, the Manager/Hostess is ALWAYS super friendly and to me, that means a LOT. A friendly person to greet you upon entering the restaurant sets the tone for the rest of the evening. I'm pretty sure our server that evening was a member of the Jersey Shore cast, but with that aside, and moving past the cheesy banter as he hit on my lady friends, all in all it was a great evening. Thanks GRAPE for being friendly, having excellent food, being in a fab location, and making me want to join you again some time! (Not 5 stars only due to price)
4	We gave it a try and we were happy.  Loved the wine selection.  My friend is very particular about her wine and the sommlier was very knowledgable and recommended a great wine.  We tried the cheese tray and did a few appetizers, all were excellent.  We've also gone back just for drinks and have had a great time.  The staff is friendly and warm.
3	I've been to the Grape a few times and it's a breath of fresh air to sit down and relax and have a bottle of wine to get away from the madness that is Yardhouse or Blue Martini on the weekends. Cozy and intimate, it's a nice place to get away. It's a perfect place to go after seeing a movie and sitting down and talking to your date or having a girls night out where you can actually hear your girlfriend's talk. They have an extensive wine list with different price points to accommodate people in all economic backgrounds. The service is where it's a little questionable. By far my worst experience was when I went out with a friend and ordered a bottle of wine that took almost 30 minutes to get to our table. The server didn't even mark our table with wine glasses. After going inside to talk to a manager, he immediately brought out the bottle of wine and glasses and apologized sincerely. The waiter came out shortly after and said he was in the kitchen and tried to apologize but I know he just forgot. What was even more disappointing was the fact that I pretty much poured myself my own glasses of wine the entire evening. The waiter only came over once to top off our glasses. I mean really? We bought a decent bottle of wine and his manager opened the bottle, marked the table, all he had to do was pour us wine every so often. Ridiculous, really. We weren't difficult either, we were both understanding so there is no reason why it should of happened. We had 2 more of our friends join us and we finished the bottle and upon getting the check they discounted our wine. To be honest, it should of been comp'd. I didn't want to make a big deal out of it so I paid it, left the waiter 10% (because he clearly didn't deserve any more than that), and we left. I do have to say I love it there, but the experience left a bad taste in my mouth after that. So 3 stars based off that alone.
5	I visited Vegas for my mother's birthday and my friend who works in Town Square recommended that we go to this restaurant. We went on a Thursday during Happy Hour and a Complimentary Wine Tasting. All of the food was great! I especially liked the quesadilla and the dipping sauce that came with it. I had beef satays and a great salad. The owner Jennifer was doing the tasting that night and was very fun and friendly. She had two amazing wines, we bought 3 bottles [2 and 1]! The atmosphere and art work is amazing and the live music and very cool and low key. I really love this place!
5	One of my favorite places in Town Square.  My wife and I go to Grape Vegas (new name) at least once a month.  We go and enjoy a glass of wine or two...or three.Food - The food is very good and goes well with their selection of wine.  We usually get a cheese plate or a salad.  We normally don't eat a full blown meal here.  We are here for the wine more than the food.Wine - There is a good selection of wine to choose from and all of the staff are knowledgeable and can help you find one that suits your taste.Service - The service is outstanding.  They go over and above to ensure you have a good experience.  Stop by and say hello to Max.Atmosphere - This is our favorite part of Grape Vegas.  The bar & inside seating is very comfortable and chic.  Outdoor seating is an option as well....which is rare in Vegas.  It's located next to the Rave Movie Theaters, so it's a great place to hang out while your kids are at the movies....*hint*Will I return?  If the 5 Star rating wasn't a clue....of course!
5	So, regarding my previous review I think it's fair if I give an update. So I went back to The Grape last night and ironically had the same waiter that forgot my bottle of wine for 30 minutes last time. I was like "oh shit, here we go again", but you know what? He actually gave us really good service last night. We got here to kill time before we saw Iron Man 2 at Rave, and walked into live jazz :: squeal::, good live jazz at that. I love jazz and had no idea they had live jazz there, so the experience started off on a good foot right there. I got my glass of Maso Canali and we split a piece of their Creme Brulee cheesecake. I about died and went to heaven about that cheesecake. It was perfectly sweet with hints of vanilla and velvety smooth. It was served with a side of whipped cream and a berry compote. The presentation was nice and the flavors were on point and complimented eachother. Probably not my best pairing, the Maso Canali was a little too dry for the dessert  but no complaints. I'm the one who chose the wine, I probably should of asked for a recommended pairing. We spent about an hour there, relaxed and headed into our movie. So Grape, i'm giving you 5 stars again because the service has far improved.
4	decided to try this wine bar outwhat i had:- sliders: flavorful... but i wasnt sure what was what. maybe lil toothpicks to point out which burger was which type of meat is it? ... rather plain. just burgers and the special ketcups on the side. nothing inside.- chicken pita quesadilla. good. flavorful. interesting to have it on pita instead of a tortilla.- wine: had a malbec... sorry cant remember the name. it was decent. also had a st michelle rieslingspent about $100 for two bottles of wine (a malbec and riesling) and two appetizers, including tip. not bad.pros:- price: just right! the food wasnt expensive at all! filet mignon was only $21... the wine also had a good range of prices from cheap to expensive. something to suit your tastes and budget- service: very attentive server... but my friend and i stood by the hostess stand for quite a while before anyone came to seat us- live entertainment. went on friday and there was a live band and singercons:- this is truly nit picking... i cant say anything to complain about my time there... it wasnt the fanciest place, but nice enough. nice place to bring a date, though try not to sit too close to the band, or have a girls night out
3	Came here after a movie for a light bite and drinks. We tried Grape right after it opened and weren't impressed, but it's been open a while now and we wanted to give it another shot. Anyway, ordered a couple glasses of wine, the garlic hummus, a chicken quesadilla and a roasted tomato and spinach flatbread. There was a different flatbread we really wanted, but it had a bleu cheese which neither me or the bf like and when we asked the waiter if we could sub a different cheese he said no, because it wouldn't melt right. That seemed a bit strange to me, since there are several other flatbreads on the menu with all different cheeses that manage to melt. When the food came out super fast it made me think everything it pre-made and nuked to order. Everything was pretty mediocre and the wines by the glass all seem pretty spendy to me...you would think a wine bar would have more variety. Our waiter was very on top of things and kept the water glasses full, so I gotta bump up a star for that. The atmosphere is cool so it's disappointing that the food isn't better.
5	I love The Grape!  The first time I tried The Grape was when I was in Estero, Florida a few years back.  We liked it so much, we went there 3 times in a week.  Now, for the record- I never tried their food- Just loved the wine!When I found out they were opening one in Las Vegas, I was really excited!From the first time I went to The Grape until today, they have changed their wine menu-slightly.  But you will still find all of your favorites! (wines of course)They usually have some sort of jazz playing, which gives it a great place to relax.  The staff is great and never rushes you out the door.  I've been there for like 3-4 hours with some friends and had a great time.I will have to try their food next time. (gosh- I sound like a lush! :))I believe that one night a week is 1/2 half bottles of wine!Enjoy!
4	I love this bar! I love coming here for happy hour especially. They have about 6-9 wines that you can choose from for $5 a glass! That is a deal. And I usually like one or two of them on the happy hour menu.I always order, for happy hour, the bacon spinach dip with pita chipsthe hummusmini burgersthe mini quesadillasI usually get more than one serving of the bacon spinach dip. It is amazing. They do not have this available on the weekends. They also have live music on certain nights, as well as they sell every wine they have available on the menu. The prices for the bottles are very comparable to Lee Liquor and Fine Wines & SpiritsThe venue is intimate (unless you are there are live music night), and there is also outdoor seating available. I especially love the bartenders there. They are very engaging, and like to start conversations with you (if you are up to it). They have high def. TVs also, in case you are there to have a glass of wine and enjoy your favorite sports team kick butt. This can be a great alternative to the very loud neighbor next door (Yardhouse). Again, with alot of other wine bars, they offer tasting flights. Great place to go, especially on friday after work when you just need to unwind! Also, on sundays... they have a great brunch special on unlimited mimosas
2	I went into The Grape with a friend ready to spend some dough and was talked out of it by circumstance and lack of choices.We came in and jokingly asked for two glasses of milk to go with a bag of cookies that we happened to be carrying with us.  Right after that we asked to see the wine list and inquired if they had any good Barolos.After the barkeep try to BS his way through telling us that he knew what a Barolo was, he went back and actually poured us two glasses of milk.We took the mistake as a sign, opened our bag of cookies and enjoyed some milk and cookies, which I must say, was delicious.Bartender mistake aside, I did spend a good amount of time looking at the wine menu which was uninteresting at best.   The prices were not too bad, but there was just nothing interesting on the list and the place had a very stale vibe.I may stop in again for a second go around, but for now I gotta say that I'll be seeking my vino elsewhere.
5	Went here last night for the happy hour.  $5.00 glasses of wine and $5.00 apps.  Had 3 glasses of wine for a GREAT price!  Could not complain.  The service was fantastic and you were greeted promptly at the door.  Next time I gotta try the food!
4	My experience here was pretty decent. The food tasted pretty fresh, and the atmosphere was very fun. The prices of the wine and food was very reasonable too. I definitely recommend trying this place out. Try the Bruschetta... it was amazing!
2	I came here for brunch for the food, not the wine, so I cannot comment on the wine. The food was so-so. I got crab benedict, but the eggs weren't cooked properly. They were hard poached, meaning the yolk was entirely firm. Plus, the crab had a very potent seafood smell that only comes with seafood that isn't fresh. Granted, I don't expect fresh seafood in Las Vegas, but the entire dish was a disappointment. I sampled some of their french toast as well, and it was mediocre. I'm willing to give them another try, but it's not a priority based on my first experience. The atmosphere is nice, however. I'd go back for the atmosphere.
2	This very small wine bar was otherwise empty with on this Sunday morning with the exception of the bartendar/waiter.  Ann ordered the challa French toast with bourbon maple syrup and maple pecan butter.  I ordered the crab Benedict, two poached eggs on a grilled French roll, topped with Hollandaise sauce and accompanied by home fries. The bread in both dishes was too thick and each sounded way better than they tasted.
1	This is absolutely my least favorite place to eat and drink at Town Square. I was disappointed in so much here I don't know where to even  begin. Two visits and still I'm not impressed.The cheap decor is disguised with the mood lighting when I have been for Happy Hour. During the daylight you can tell what little effort and money was put into it. Everything from the paint and cheap wall hangings and furniture is unappealing to my eye. Foodwise, I started with the Blueberry Pancakes that were rubbery and cold. Then finished with the Filet Mignon Benedict. The bearnaise sauce was delightful, but the meat was too chewy to enjoy it. On my second visit I had a pizza or flatbread with goat cheese and didn't make it past the first bite. The crust seemed slightly freezer burned and flavorless. Ugh.The wine is the only thing I found comforting and had a second glass. The Grape gets two thumbs way down in my book.
3	Went with a few local friends the last time I was in Las Vegas. I found the interior very pleasant...the location was a bit of a drive for a tourist like myself, but it was good to get away from the Strip for a night of drinks. The wine selection was lacking, but still the wine was good. The service was on par with many wine bars...once the wait staff poured the wine, they generally left you alone except for the occasional visit to ask if everything was okay.The food was decent as well...most of which accompanies the wine quite well. Other than that, there is nothing fancy or detestable about Grape. Well worth a visit...if you have local friends to show you around town, and if you are simply not in the mood for traditional touristy Vegas.
1	My husband and I were headed to town square to go to the Grape...there's a sign that says "double helix coming soon"...if ur also headed to the grape, you might want to wait until double helix opens or go somewhere else!
1	Closed
