5	Great coffee from folks who know their stuff! I've tried the chai tea, coffee, and toddy. Chai and coffee were perfect. The toddy seriously got me high. It was intense.Great addition to downtown Urbana.
1	Today, i've just had the worst macchiato i've ever had. i brought it back to the barista asking for a new one. but i was refused and asked where i had the macchiato before. the barista meant that i don't know what macchiato is and the one he made the authentic one. i drank macchiato in italy, france, portugal etc. but it doesn't matter... the macchiato i had today was really bad and the barista was very rude!!
5	Being from Chicago I've been spoiled greatly with fantastic coffee shops. It took a year, but I've finally found what seems to be the only comparable place in CU. In striking up a conversation with one of the very friendly baristas, I found out why this place is so good; it was started by a barista from one of my favorite cafes in Chicago, and my god it shows. I can't speak to their pizza or pastry, but their espresso is as good as any I've ever had. I regularly make the trip from Champaign where I live just to remember what I'm missing. Come here, order a cortado, and you'll understand what good coffee is.The four-star rating that exists for this place as of my writing is beyond bizarre. Don't always trust Yelp!
5	I've only stopped in here once, but when I did I got the best espresso shots I've had since I went to San Francisco last year.  Recommended.
3	I go here every week but only after 5 pm.  Like their coffee drinks and their tea.  The pizza is fairly good.  The employees have been super great. Wish there were a few more baked goods and outlets in the floor.
3	I wish they would have a more intuitive flow of the order and pick up. The pick up happens before (to the right of) the ordering line -- what? And then they're kinda crabby when people don't understand this confusing setup. It also crowds up and confuses the ordering line with people waiting for their drinks to come up.
5	Absolutely one of the best coffee shops around the CU area. A nice change given the prevalence of Starbucks and Espresso Royale on campus. I love the subtle touches they put in their drinks, like rosemary in mocha or a bit of raspberry syrup in a latte. Nothing extravagant, but able to bring about different flavors in the coffee.Service is decent, though not their forte. Staff can seem a bit in their own world. However, they make pretty great coffee for a decent price.
4	I just finally attended a "Bring your LP" night.  That was awesome and they had some good beers to choose from.
4	If I lived in Urbana again, this is where I would have coffee. I like the vibe if the place, the spaces are nice, bright, and thoughtfully laid out. The barista was a good dude, and poured me a nice coffee locally roasted. I didn't know there was a roaster here in town, so I jumped at the chance to try it and randomly the roaster happened to be standing next to me. We had a good conversation and now I'm sitting at a bar looking out into the street drawing and writing a review. The coffee is pretty good, much better than id expected here for sure. They seem to pull their beans from Chicago and champaign so they're probably going to be decently fresh. The man behind the counter knew what he was doing with a pour over, so you're getting probably the best, freshest coffee you're gonna get here in town. Stop in, support your local business, and enjoy some good coffee in a nice shop.
5	I've lived in Urbana-Champaign for six years, slogging away on that PhD thing.  In my time, I've spent many many an hour at C-U's coffee shops, trying to get writing done.Flying Machine's arrival has been the best thing ever.  The space is clean and bright, and nicely laid out, with plenty of long tables and a counter facing the window for all of us obsessive laptop users.The drink selection is great, along with an inventive and rotating list of specials.  IN particular, try the coffee soda, where coffee syrup has been combined with carbonated water and tastes like smiles and joy.  If you're there this summer, try the T.J. Palmer, a modified black tea/OJ/ginger combination that is amusingly enough named after me.  And when I graduated last week, they renamed it the Dr. T.J. Palmer.  Which is AWESOME.I think one of the highlights of Flying Machine would have to be the ridiculous, friendly, and good-natured staff, from the kind and goofy bearded Josh to Kim, Darwin, Shirley, Jeremy and Anastasia--all are quality people making quality beverages.I can say with confidence that Flying Machine has become not just a cafe, but a home  away from home to get work done, catch up with friends, hang with cool baristas, and drink amazing beverages.  I am incredibly sad to leave this summer, knowing that I won't find anything as awesome where I'm headed next.
3	Agree with another reviewer, the macchiato tasted like like it was pulled through a cardboard box sprayed with cleaning agents. Beer was good. Pour over looked nice. Ambiance is great.  I'd just avoid the espresso. Pizza didn't look too exciting, but I bet if you combined it with beer and friends it would be alright.
5	Love the cold brew, best ice coffee i hv ever drunk
5	Best coffee in downtown Urbana. I'm so happy they moved in to Cafeteria and Co. Their iced coffee is my absolute favorite. Great relaxing atmosphere and really friendly staff. I usually set up my meetings to happen there. It's a very good group spot. I'll be back. Five stars!
5	Hands down best coffee shop to ever exist in the C-U area. Oh and the pizza is good too.Let me break it down for you.Atmosphere (5/5)This place has the whole modern look that is so popular these days, without any claims to pretentiousness.  Barebones decor that draws you in because of its simplicity.  There's a counter where you order, tables where you sit, and that's about all.  Service (5/5)All the staff there are friendly and all of them love coffee.  If you don't know what you're feeling like ordering on any particular day, feel free to ask for recommendations, because they will never steer you wrong.  They are always polite, always friendly, and always timely. Value (5/5)Some people might debate me on this point because some people dislike having to pay 3-5 dollars for a cup of coffee.  Some people are crazy, because every dollar that I have ever spent here was completely worth it (and having filled up quite a few of those Flying Machine punch cards up, I have spent a pretty penny).  Value, being a subjective quality, may differ from person to person, but I am always more than satisfied with the money I spend here.Food (and Coffee) (5/5)Like I said, hands down best coffee shop in town.  You can get a regular cup o' joe for 2 dollars for a 12 oz. and 3 dollars for a 20 oz. Their normal brewed coffee like any brewed coffee, is not bad, but definitely not what you should be focusing on here.  The real gems come from the espresso drinks and the handcrafted coffees.  The espresso drinks range from 2-5 dollars and all the ones I have tried were delicious.  However, espresso drinks are not my particular cup of tea, so I am not the best suited to comment. but from my personal preference at least, I have not had better here in town. My personal favorites are the handcrafted coffees. They serve both regular pour overs and Chemex pour overs for the same prices: 2.5 for 8 oz. 3 for 12 oz. and 4 for 20 oz. If you are unfamiliar with these processes, what they essentially do is specifically measure and grind fresh beans, and brew a cup of coffee fresh for you by hand.  It might take a little longer than your conventional coffee shop, but the wait is well worth it.  The handcrafted coffees here are the best brewed cup of coffee you can get in town.  The actual pouring process combined with the quality of the beans they use make for one hell of a cup of coffee. I have spent a good amount of time attempting to perfect a Chemex pour over myself, I have learned that it takes a good deal more skill than it appears.  I can safely say, every one of the employees here are extremely proficient.  On top of having amazing coffee, Flying Machine shares its walls with another business called Pizza M.  They serve pan pizza slices as well as whole thin crust pizzas.  The ingredients are extremely fresh, and the whole pizzas are always made to order.  There is a large variety of specialty pizzas as well as a "chef's special" known as the Kitchen Sink, which literally says that they will use whatever ingredients they have on hand to make a pizza for you.  The results may vary, but the quality does not.  It's always good. Overall:Atmosphere: 5/5 - The decor may be personal preference, but hipsters love this place for a reason. Service: 5/5 - Can't beat the friendliness and proficiency of the staff here, for both coffee and pizza.Value: 5/5 - For me, the coffee is always worth it. The pizza is on the pricier side, but usually also worth it. Food: 10/10 - This should actually be a 20/10 but that makes no sense. Overall: 25/25 - If you can't take the words of a stranger on the internet at face value, I understand. But try this place because everything about it speaks for itself.
5	I would definitely go back there.. the place is really nice, not pretentious at all.. Love the decor.. I had their mocha and they made a really cool design on it. But that was not all; it tasted pretty darn amazing! Even the espresso my friend was sipping on was really good.. they had some creative drinks on their menu which I will check out when i go back..
4	This was my first experience with pour over iced coffee and I definitely enjoyed the cup that was brewed for me! The cashier/barista was very friendly and took the time to provide some recommendations based on my normal coffee preferences.  I ended up choosing a less acidic darker roast with some citrus hints from a roaster out of Chicago.  I enjoyed my iced coffee (served in a mason jar to boot), but what I enjoyed even more was watching the process of cold brewing the iced coffee. As a barista myself, that process is foreign to the shop where I brew so I always enjoy watching when I hit a new caffeinated cafe.  $3 was very reasonable for a 12 oz. brew. I hope to stop back in sometime soon, especially because the Pizza M menu that borders the Flying Machine menu looks like a place worth stopping!
5	Flying machine excels at two things: being super hipster and making great coffee.It is one of the most hipster coffeehouses I've been to, paintings from local artists adorn the walls (you can buy them if you want), craft beer is available, the employees have piercings, tattoo sleeves and hip hats, they have a trivia night AND a bring your own vinyl night. Vinyls! All those things are fine by me, and if they are not fine by you, go here anyway. Go here for the coffee. Best coffee you can get in Urbana OR Champaign, and that's saying something. The beans are mostly local, the baristas are knowledgeable and friendly, and the price is quite cheap. Drip coffee is around $2.5 for 20oz, they also have pour over and chemex, which will run you around $3-$4. The latte and specialty drinks are around $4 or $5, and are very tasty. Honestly if it's your first time, just as the barista what's a good coffee and just get it. It will show your taste buds a whole new world.They also have pizzas for $15. I've never had one so I won't say anything about it.  Definitely give this place a try.
5	Coffee is an art and The Flying Machine knows how to perfect the art of coffee. The baristas are friendly and very knowledgeable about how to brew coffee using different techniques. The coffee is not overpriced, which seems to be a problem in the Champaign/Urbana area. I wish this place felt cozier. I am glad this place exists because it has provided me with great coffee during my college years. I only wish I discovered this place earlier.
5	I was very happy to find this place considering you get a great cup of espresso/cappuccino that's reasonably priced, a little less expensive than Starbucks, but a bit better in flavor!
3	I like their coffee - they have one of the better lattes in town (I like a couple other places in Champaign downtown as well). I appreciate their establishment being here in Urbana downtown. Thank you. However, I wish they would work on improving their service and treatment of their customers a little bit. Being "super hipster" does not and should not equal to bad service (..right?). One time, my order failed to go through, and when I approached them about 15 minutes later asking about my coffee, the barista at the time did not even apologize to me -- she snorted. They make good coffee, but sometimes I find myself not looking forward to going here because of the anticipated interaction with some of their pompous staff.
