3	Malee's Thai Bistro is located in Desert Ridge right next to Jillian's. Malee's serves up everything from sushi to stir fry and typical Thai cuisine. A friend and I went there to see how the sushi measured up, but I was a bit disappointed. Nothing about it really stood out to me and the rice was rolled in sesame seeds..yuck! However we also got house salads with ginger dressing and that those were really good. I really liked the atmosphere of Malee's and I think it would make a nice date destination. It is a bit pricey so next time I check it out I'll probably go during lunch. It seems to me Malee's had a good restaurant, but don't make it a sushi destination. Good to Know: If it's your Birthday Malee's will bang a giant gong! Hell Yes!
4	Nice decor.  Friendly service.  The dishes come in 5 varieties of hot from Mild all the way to Chef Hot.  I tried the Coco Chili Fish (Hot) and it was great.  My friend ordered a Shrimp Dish with Peanut Sauce and it was good.  The cream cheese lobster puff pastry appetizer was good too.  Overall a good dining experience.
4	I like Malees and it is one of the better spots at Desert Ridge.  I have eaten in the main room and the sushi  bar with equal success.  I like the straight sushi best and their sampler is nice.  Their rolls are over sauced and hard to taste any fish.   The Thai dishes are all good, I like the Shrimp Satay.   Another good thing is that the portions are reasonable.
3	Okay, so we have a strong community that loves Thai food. You have to trust that I read every Thai and Vietnamese with baited breath. I know there are a few of you (e.g., Pierre) that love Malee's on Main and I have enjoyed my dining experiences there, but I've never loved it. Not the five stars that I've repeatedly seen. I can't wait to try Thai Lana and I enjoy Thai Pan in North Scottsdale. Today is historically the day of the week when I am cooking and experimenting in my own kitchen, but with a looming exam tomorrow night, I really didn't want to deal with the kitchen (prep or clean up) and luckily I received an invitation to go study with fellow classmates up at Desert Ridge. I agreed knowing that I was going to somehow convince everyone to join me at Malee's Thai at Desert Ridge.We walk in and the restaurant is a mess - but there are large groups and kids running everywhere. It takes a few tries for the host to find a clean table for us. We finally take a seat and we decide on one sushi roll (this location serves sushi) - the Hamachi Popper Roll (yellowtail, jalapeno, cream cheese topped with eel sauce; Tom Yum Soup and Bam Gai (?) - I know I am crushing my spelling efforts. Please forgive me.The food, quality thereof and flavor was fabulous. I do have a couple of presentation comments though. The soup was brought out in a flaming pot thingy (nice technical term) and we ooohed-and-ahhhed as the the server strategically placed it on the table. The challenge is with service from this pot-thingy. Its too narrow for a ladle and the large spoon that they do their very best to ladle your soup into the soup cup is tragically inefficient. The Bam Gai, was delicious. But it had three different cuts of chicken and the wide rice noodles were also inconsistently prepared and there was no color on the plate. It was tasty but really ugly. Does that matter? My position: yes.We were both drinking Jasmine hot tea, and I expected a different type of tea service, for no other reason than I just simply did. And, this type of point is where there has to be delineation between is the disconnect between the restaurant operator or the Guest perception. Tea service - my issue. Not theirs. But still, if you like great tea with your meal, its not here.Finally, and this was uncomfortable...at 10 minutes 'til 9. We had two bussers hovering on top of our table and waiting for us to leave so they could finish their side work and close that section of the dining room. It wasn't even 9 p.m.! I understand the term "campers" - those Guests that won't leave - but we had only been seated for an hour and ten minutes and unfortunately we noticed the hovering during an important flow of conversation. We both suddenly became nervous and uncomfortable and up and left. Neither of us finished the point that we were intently discussing. It was just a weird closing to a very tasty meal. I really wanted to love this place. And I did love the Tom Yum. I might go back - but I think I'll stay closer to home and revisit the Main location; and I'll definitely try Thai Lana and head back to Thai Pan!
3	Disclaimer:  Review of the Wasabi Room associated with Malee's.  Just tried the Wasabi Room to satiate my sushi craving.   I walked in, didn't see a Japanese sushi chef and almost walked right out.  Please don't jump to conclusions... we're talking possible raw seafood and a Japanese culinary art, capable of being traced back to the 7th Century.    As I didn't know of any other sushi restaurants in the neighborhood, I took a chance.Had the California roll of cucumber, snow crab and avocado and tried their unagi roll.   $9.00 for the California roll.  It was good.  Tasted like real crab.  The unagi roll was a nice size, but just 2 pieces.  There's a separate outdoor seating for the sushi fans.  The interior was spacious.  The service was good, considering I was the only customer at 2 p.m. in the afternoon.     As irrational as it may be, I prefer to have a Japanese sushi chef.   If I go back, I'll stick to the cooked sushi.
4	My husband and I ended up at Desert Ridge in the middle of a day of physically and emotionally exhausting car shopping. I admit up front that feeling cheated by car salesmen all morning may have made me more likely to squeeze as much enjoyment as possible from Malee's, and that's exactly what happened. Before moving to Phoenix, we had tried the location on Main - we remembered it being good, but a little dark inside. This location was definitely more P.F. Chang's than dimly-lit lounge and at least for lunch, it was nice to sit in a well-lit, comfortably air-conditioned restaurant and enjoy some quality if standard Thai food. The menu certainly had some less-than-authentic options (crab puffs) and was tailored towards people new to or afraid of "ethnic cuisine" (there were indicators on certain parts of the menu like "if you're new to Thai, start here!"). However, the duck curry and jalapeno fried rice we had contained really good quality ingredients (the duck curry was full of tender, large slices of duck breast) and were actually quite flavorful. Next time, we'll say spicy for the curry, though, because medium meant just a hint of spice. To sum it all up, this was a great place to have standard but good Thai-ish food, and if you focus on some of the less fusion-y dishes like the curry, rice, and noodles, you will have a good dining experience.
3	Well I have been here lot's and I'm still on the fence about it. Its either really great or something gets screwed up. Me and my mom went for the SATC thing and their ladies night kick off. They had a raffle every 15 minutes I'd say the first hour it seemed to go downhill from there though. They had a masseuse for $8 a min!?!? How do you come up with this # throw dart's maybe!?!? An angel reader for $1 a min. And they had that Silpada jewelry stuff there which is pretty cool and what kind of SATC party would it be without shoes hanging from the rafters?!?!We sat at the bar which if you ask me their chairs are like THE worst ever or there are just too many stools at the bar you cant get in or out very easy so be warned. Our first bartender was very attentive for the first round then we ordered some sushi. I ordered 3 thing's veggie tempura, a seafood martini thing, and a spicy tuna roll for me mum. Well they forgot about the tempura minus for them. The seafood martini was awesome though!! It had mint in it I remember biting into some and thinking wow cocktail sauce w mint never would have put those two together but what a couple they made in my mouth!! Yum-gasm!! So we tried ordering more drinks and got ignored or forgotten...minus again. There seemed to be one stellar bartender there I think his name was John (Ha Ha Sorry Mr. Big) but he was doing wayyy too much. He was compensating for the other 2 lazy bartenders not his fault. I finally got his attention and he got us some more drinks and the tempura which I dont recommend here not enough veg to actually help feed the hungry thumbs down. He was rather cute though and made our night end on a pleasant note instead of a sour one. So I gave another star back! Thanks Again ;)!
5	WOW!  Their Thai Basil Margarita is the best, so good I had to have three!  I liked this place prior to the Elite Yelp party last night and now I LOVE this place!  I had the opportunity to sample a variety of dishes and each one was out of the spectrum of my "normal" for what I would order and each dish blew me away with its combination of unique, fresh, tasty  ingredients.  I loved the sushi with the strawberry's on top as well as the Tom Yum soup!  The thing was so huge I ate it for dinner last night and lunch and dinner again today.  I am normally partial to Malee's on Main rather then Desert Ridge ( I like the vibe better there) but after last night I may be converted.  The staff was great, the order came out perfect (and I always special order like ten different things) and they were very accommodating to our large party.  I can't wait to go back!
5	We loved this place. We went to the one in Scottsdale. The tom yum soup is awesome. Request it with only Shrimp!!!!!!!! Yummy. Also ask for medium spicy. It is yummy. They said they can make anything vegetarian if we wanted including without egg. How cool is that for any of my vegetarian friends!!!
4	It's about time I write a review for Malee's!  After all, I've been more times than I can count... in addition to the Yelp event (which was fantastic), I've been to Malee's in large groups, small groups, and solo.  I've also done take-out various times including tonight!  I love the Desert Ridge location because they have sushi in addition to a really large thai menu.  It's great because you can order edamame, seaweed salad, or sushi appetizers and then get a thai entree... or you can get a thai appetizer and sushi dinner.  (I'm a big fan of mixing and matching!)  I also like that Malee's is open to substitutions in dishes if necessary.  Some of my favorite thai appetizers are the siamese kisses and summer rolls.  I also enjoy the pad thai, and all of the vegetarian options.As of tonight, I have a new favorite dish at Malee's... the thai basil curry clam house special.  It's a mouthful, but it's awesome!  I ordered it with medium spice and had them add veggies.  Wow.  Phenomenal!  I was happy it came with rice (your choice of white or brown) because I sopped up the broth with the rice... and I have to admit, I thought about drinking the extra broth too - it was that good!Service is usually great and everyone is friendly at Malee's.  By far the BEST thai food in the area, and the best restaurant in the Desert Ridge shopping mall.  The only suggestions I have are these:  please add an eggplant entree or at least allow me to add eggplant to the dish I choose to order, and perhaps a thai garden salad with peanut dressing.  Other than that, Malee's rocks and still supports my theory that I was thai in a past life.  See you again soon, Malee's!
4	Well I am probably going to be pretty unpopular with this review but sometimes you just got to have your say. I find it astonishing that most people criticize places like this because it is not "authentic". I understand what they mean but please. This is Phoenix Arizona. Not Bangkok or Chang  Mai, Thailand. And I'll be honest. I've been fortunate enough to spend time in Thailand and the food really didn't appeal to me as much. Same with Indian food. The Indian food in London is stellar. A really special blend of different regional fares. In India? It seemed pretty ordinary.So yes, I am making a crazy statement. That possibly the most "authentic" food might not actually be the most interesting.With that ridiculous statement made, I love this place. Yes, I agree the place runs with the efficiency of a zoo sometimes. And sometimes the wait staff need a good kick up the arse. But for the most part, the food is excellent. Tasty and satisfying. Every now and then a dish comes out ill prepared. But I've had that experience in many places, bar the expensive ones.So forget trying to frame the place against "the real deal" and enjoy it for what it is!
1	Received an email from Malee's listserv today...this location is NOW CLOSED. Owner says it's due to the economy. Main street location is still open.My heart aches.
1	Interesting  Closure--- I thought I was the only one who had had bad experiences at Malees!!  We had a terrible time a year or so ago. Rude  unhelpful servers, I contacted the management , they apologized , said they were sending a certificate to show their concern. Never saw it.  I love the sushi but not enough to pay for awful wait staff.  I wonder if the economy  or the service closed them  down.My husband and I used to go here frequently before  the problems.
