3	A good pub in the centre of town. Stock ale on tap with a good pub selection of meals. I've eaten here perhaps 20 times for lunch and have not had a meal worth complaining about. The staff are very friendly and there are plenty of screens for those wishing to eat and watch sport, ie, me.
1	I'm continually unimpressed by the Amber Rose. I've not eaten there, and if I do I'll gladly update my review if it proves me wrong.But on the visits I've had, thoroughly unimpressed. Perhaps it's the expensive drinks, the obnoxiously loud music, or the unfortunate fact that I don't have breasts and therefore won't be served at the bar in under 15 minutes. Maybe it's the combination of the above.As I said, perhaps the charm of this place is in the food and if I ever eat there, i'll certainly revisit my review if I'm proved wrong. But as it stands, there's nothing making me want to go back to try.
4	With its very friendly staff, and cheap drinks and food, this is a popular city centre bar. There is a large selection of lagers, pints and you can buy the wine by the bottle. There is also something for everyone here  on a Friday night they had a fantastic live band playing some great tunes (the kind you can't help but tap your feet and dance in your seat to), as well as having two channels of sport playing (on mute) on the screens around the bar. A perfect place for work drinks, or meeting up with a group of friends! Only down side here is that the toilets occasionally seem in need of cleaning or having the paper stocks replenished But the ambience is great, and the prices are right, so I for one am willing to look over that for now.
3	I went here for a casual drink or two one afternoon. I had never heard of it, so was quite happy to give it a go!It's like ronseal. It does what it says on the tin..... PUB.There is a wide selection of drinks, loads of seating, footie on the telly, below par bathrooms and cheap pub grub on offer. Great for watching the football or grabbing a quick pint before heading somewhere else, but I wasn't vastly impressed. They will however be showing the new formula one season on Sundays, that is reason enough for me to return!
4	had a really good dinner here with my friends.  the whole group enjoyed it.  gets crowded at lunch and dinner.  large pub so getting a table was no problem.
4	Nice little pub with good pub food. Friendly staff. I recommend the cheesecake!
3	On the one hand, it's great that bar this deep into the city centre can afford to be so cheap.The downside to this fact is that such cheapness attracts an absolute gaggle of questionable types.Having only recently been here throughout the day, I found it to be typically busy, but I can only imagine the type of characters that seep out of the woodwork after dark.I'll stick to the fence on this one, but might risk a night-time visit in the future just to confirm my suspicions that I'm being one star too kind.
