5	I had such a great time at Brand! Very nce staff, beautiful lounge decor, and I really enjoyed the DJ.
4	I stayed at the Monte Carlo on Friday for a girls' weekend. As we were heading out to Koi for the $20 open bar dealio, a promoter asked us to check out Brand...which has a $20 open bar. When we told him we were going to Koi or maybe Gold, he told us the same people own all 3 and they could stamp us for all 3 places. We thought, why not?When we got to the door, a very nice guy in a suit and...sash? scarf? gave us our stamps and made us feel welcomed. Brand is small...just a sectioned-off lounge in a steak house. But the layout was perfect for easily getting drinks, plenty of room to stand, and a decent-sized dance floor. The drinks were surprisingly strong and the music was great! There did seem to be a lot of couples and tourists, but if you bring your own party, you'll have a great time!
5	Not only do I enjoy staying at the Monte Carlo, I love that they have this lounge/bar at night at Brand! There are usually promoters in the front of the hotel or in the lobby passing out wrist bands. Open bar for ladies for about $20 and guys have a small cover fee. AMFs all night for me! Jk.. hahaha! The place is tad bit small, yet the setup is nice. Right when you walk in you see the bar surrounded with lots of ladies taking advantage of their free drinks. Guess that's great for ya'll single fellas. Haha! Anyways..  I love that the bartenders were not only hot, they were super nice. The drinks were strong!! The dance floor is right across from the bar. There are tables and couches for those looking to get bottle service and VIP treatment surrounding the dance floor. Now for the best part.. MUSIC! For the 3-4 times I've been there, they played hip hop, top 40s, and a little house music. I'm sure they have different DJs every night but they did slap some Bay music and my friends and I got super hyphy! haha! Also, it's so easy to walk up to the DJ and make any song requests if you'd like. Whether or not you're staying at the Monte Carlo and looking for a good time, definitely check this place out! Fun lil' place to add to your festivites!
4	Stayed at the Monte Carlo and we were going to leave the hotel for late night adventures elsewhere, but the (Saturday) $20 cover / all you can drink for the ladies lured us in, figured to have a couple of drinks and move on... nope, ended up staying there 'till 3am.  Cozy place that eventually filled up nicely.  I noticed at least two large groups, one was a bachelorette party, fun and dancing was being had. Guys cover was $20 as well.  Pro-tip, if you are staying at the MC use the hand stamp to come and go as you please, for us that meant taking a short trip back up to the room and taking advantage of our stash there.
2	I'm just going to speak for the very tiny amount of time my group spent at the Brand. We stayed at the Monte Carlo for my fraternity's formal weekend and we came across this Friday as we were heading out to try Hyde at the Bellagio out. We got lured to come to the line since the promoters were walking around giving bracelets letting dudes in for $20 and girls in for a $20 open bar, which is a steal in Vegas.My date ended up getting kicked out of line for being too wasted. That was both hilarious and ironic since no one was in the club anyway, even though the promoter said 200-250 people were in there (HAHA, SURE BRO.). Long story short, my whole group ended up leaving the line, leaving the Brand empty as hell. I guess this place is catering to the 30+ year old crowd or late 20's, who enjoy the company of people who can't party.Can't blame the staff for doing their job kicking out what they thought was a too-drunk girl (not really?) but I can give this place 2 stars for trying to sell a 200-250+ crowd to us when there wasn't a sound to be heard from this place.
1	What sounded like a great deal of 3 clubs for the price of 1 turned out to be pretty much a deal too good to be true. First the 3 clubs were more like lounges and pretty small ones at that. Made us wait 20min so that we had to pay the after 12pm price.... Agree with what the other reviewers had to say the $20 deal sounded great but ended up being a pretty big letdown.Cons-S*** Lounge/Club-Fun bouncers-Not honoring the drinks deal-Charging $30 instead of $20Also noticed that they were holding people in line unless they wanted the $$$ bottle service until the after 12 price increase kicked in. If you would like to see some more colorful descriptions of this sham of a promotion there's many a example on trip adviser. Don't get the open bar wristbands pretty much a big ripoff when you could visit many of the better Real Clubs nearby~
5	Located inside of the Monte Carlo, this lounge got our attention by offering all you can drink to the ladies for only $20. Since we were in a bachelorette party, the security moved us up quickly to the front of the line. With the entrance fee, the bouncers handed us ton of free drink tickets and said to come back to see them if we needed more. As we entered the lounge, no one was on the dance floor and people looked like they were scared to even attempt to get their groove on. Luckily, being the fun party people that we are, we immediately redeemed our drink tickets and got that place cracking! On that specific night the DJ was spinning Top 40 and hip hop. The crowd ranged from people celebrating their 21st to foreign people just looking to have a good time with some American girls. I definitely used tons of those drink vouchers and got Tequila Sunrises all night. Good thing we were staying right across the way, so getting back to the hotel wasn't an issue. Overall, if you're looking for something different than the typical high end Vegas night clubs, then Brand Lounge is a great spot to party.
2	We were given wrist bands both nights for this "club". While waiting to pay our cover one of the girls tried to pressure my husband and our friend to but a bottle, clearly when they said NO the first time she didn't get it and it got frustrating. Then we were able to pay and while the woman was really nice to me, she was rude to the men in the party. Finally when we got into the club I thought it would be awesome that I was going to get free drinks but they don't include my usual mixer (redbull) so I payed $3 extra for that (no biggie). The club had a fair amount of people in it but no-one was dancing even though it was midnight or after. The dj couldn't play one song long enough to keep anyone on the dance floor. If you're staying at the Monte Carlo, head over to the coyote ugly in the NYNY or one of the other clubs in the MGM, bellagio, Paris, Luxor. All are fun and worth it.
1	We were looking for something quick to do on Thursday and the people by the Monte Carlo were handing out wristbands to get in at a discounted price. $10 they said! When we go down to go in, another employee even offers to walk us to the front of the line and he again reiterated that it was only $10! Sounds nice and easy. He walked us to the line, left and the doorperson said it was going to be $30. What? We were about to leave but they said they could do $20. We got inside and this place was TINY. Pretty much the size of my living room and change. I know it was a Thursday but it was also pretty empty. A few pockets of people dancing here and there. All drinks were $15. No thank you! The DJ was pretty good- lots of hip-hop, pop, top 40. I can get down to some Robin Thicke, Ke$ha, Katy Perry, etc. Honestly though, I still would have been disappointed if I had to spend $10 to get in. This place was too small and expensive. It is literally 1 room with a bar and some couches. I feel sorry for people getting suckered into bottle service. Like other Yelpers, we were also offered the deal to get into 3 different clubs at different hotels, but after our experience with this one we knew better than to push our luck. The deal was free entry into other clubs but no mention of open bar, but I know if we would have went we would have walked up to the door and been asked for another $20. Steer clear as this place has now become synonymous with "worst club" for my friends and I.
5	A group of friends and I were visiting Vegas and decided to stop into Brand on a Saturday night after a friendly promotor offered us wristbands and told us about a great deal the club had for bottle service, buy 1 bottle and get the other free.  With this kind of offer I quickly asked what a bottle started out at they informed me it was only $295!  We all jumped at the offer because no place in Vegas has prices like that and made our way inside Brand where the tables were right on by the dance floor.  The people at the front door took care of us promptly and service was great the entire night.  I highlight recommend this spot for partygoers of all kinds!  I will be definitely be back!
1	Aside from the really negative party recruiter guy that kept calling me Tex and later took the drink out of my hand and chugged it, this place was okay. Had decent music, a decent open bar drink list. I wouldnt go back though.
1	Don't Do It! My hubby and I decided to check this place out thinking it must be pretty chill considering they pass out wristbands to get in everywhere you walk around in the Monte Carlo..figured it would be fun with chill people looking to have fun without the vegas bullshit and thought it was free it get in.  We could not believe we were charged $20 each to get in and I was promised two free drinks and my hubby 1. As we ordered our drinks they gave me a pink glass and my hubby a regular and the bouncer would come over and tell my hubby he could not hold or drink from my cup..are you kidding?!?! You just charged us 40 bucks to get into this dive and you won't even let us drink what we want!!! We were SO out of there..what a waste of money and time..will never return and I would NOT recommend!
1	My first time here was definitely my last. I went here with a group of 11 girls for a bachelorette weekend because a promoter said we would get unlimited drinks for the $20 cover. When we got to the place the employee working the door said we can get two tables and bottle service for $35 per person, which seemed like a good deal. After only an hour, we were told my the "acting" manager that our group was being moved to one table in the back of the lounge because our second table was only "temporary" until another customer reserved it. This was not communicated to us at the door. The manager was totally rude about the whole situation and they should have accommodated for our whole group because we paid good money for drinks and service (which by the way sucked even more since our server was gone most of the time). Other than that, the music was mediocre. The venue was small and the crowd seemed older than those of other clubs/bars in Vegas.
1	OMG THIS WAS THE WORST PLACE EVER!!!!I recommend anybody that uses YELP to never ever ever go here!! I came here by accident because my friends were staying here and we were super wasted and got tricked in to coming here.This place is a joke. They offer you free drinks wth a ticket. And the bitch bartender girl wouldnt give me my free drink unless my man orders one.I shouldve gotten ghetto right then and there!!STAY AWAY!! STAY FAR AWAY
4	Went in January with my husband and another couple and we had a blast. we didnt get the bottle service but me and my sis took advantage of our free drinks all night the security guard ended up finding us a table and we had a good time. the music was good and we left very tipsy. overall good time
3	This is a review for their HAPPY HOUR at the Monte Carlo.I enjoyed it. I thought it was a nicer place and I dressed up but apparently those who just come in for the happy hour come in casual attire so whatever floats your boat I guess.The drinks are a little pricey but are considered 2 for 1 (14-16). I got a Impeared because of the name and the drink was very strong but I should hope so for that price and with the delicious background of pear. My date got the cable car and found his drink to be good as well.For dinner we stuck to the appetizers on the happy hour menu but strayed away just to order the macaroni and cheese (10) on the regular dinner menu. I think it should be bigger for how much it was but it was still very good and I was surprised that they use large shell noodles. We also ordered the lollipop wings in which my opinion all wings should be prepared this way! Haha. Also, we ordered the steak which was fun to grill on our own. If you want bread you have to ask for it and it is also a good amount for five large rolls.
5	Perfect place for happy hour or any cocktail hour. Wonderful starter menu. Get hot rock app.  Lighting and decor seem to appeal to wide range of folks. Young couples, retired couples, NFL logo'd groups of guys all enjoying themselves. Great place to make dinner plans. Recommend walking the ten steps and eating at brand steakhouse.
