1	DO NOT BUY FROM HERE!!!!!!!!!! The worst possible customer service I have ever received. So, I was told to get an ecig from this place by someone who had recently bought one from them. Been looking to quit smoking and my husband wanted one too. So, I went to the kiosk they have set up at AZ Mills Mall. I talked to the guy working there. We discussed what would work best for us and talked about prices. The one he was selling me was their most basic model. He told me they are normally $85 but would sell me 2 of them for $80. He said their juices are normally $10 but would sell me some for $5 each. And in the ecigs there is a heating element that needs to be replaced sometimes. I wanted to get a bunch of those since I have to send my husband his ecig overseas and wanted him to have plenty and not run out. So he told me since I was buying in bulk he would give them to me for $2.99 each instead of $5.99 each. I purchased the stuff, totaling out to $120.00. The next day, I decided to check out their website to see if they had any different liquids there that they didn't have at the kiosk. I see my ecig I just purchased and clicked on it to see what other colors they had that they didn't have at the kiosk. AND TO MY SURPRISE, they were only $20 a piece on the website. Yes, you read that right. He charged me DOUBLE the price that they sell it for online. This is a LOCAL, SMALL company. I completely understand being able to purchase some things cheaper online and the convenience of being able to view, touch and check a product out in person. But DOUBLE the price????? The liquids are only $5 online and the heating elements are only $1.99. So, once again, got charged more and ripped off there too. *****Don't worry, the story gets better still*****So, I call the kiosk number listed on my receipt. I ask to speak to a manager.  I get Frank on the phone and I tell him my situation. His response was (very rudely with tons of attitude in his voice) "And what does that have to do with me?" Excuse me? You are the manager, same company, etc. He told me online you are buying wholesale and this is retail. Um. Bullshit. But ok. So I asked him if I should call the online customer support. Again, very, very rudely he replies "You can do whatever you want." WOW! I then proceeded to tell him how much he sucks at doing his job. Soooooo, I call the main phone number listed on the website. *Ring, ring....* "Hello?"  Yes, a company listing this number online for a business answers the phone Hello, not the company name. So I asked if this was Vapor Tech, he tells me yes. So, I proceed to tell him about being charged double, blah, blah. He explains that online, you don't get a lifetime warranty and at stores you do. So, I get charged double the price because I get a lifetime warranty? A lifetime warranty for a company that most likely won't be around that long, but ok. Now, here's the real kicker. So, online you can buy 2 of those ecigs for $40. But I paid that price for 1 because I get a lifetime warranty, right? WELL, the funny part is, if you try to use that lifetime warranty, there is a restocking fee of $19.99. So, for $60, I could buy 3 ecigs online, but instead, I get 1 at the kiosk for $40, then if it breaks I have that awesome lifetime warranty, but I have to pay $20 restocking fee???????????????? ARE YOU KIDDING ME? So, continuing, this guy I'm talking to is the owner of the company. And then I tell him about his rude manager at the kiosk. Yeah, he doesn't give 2 shits. He tells me if I buy any liquids online to let him know and he'd throw a few bottles in there free for me. Yeah, I'm gonna go ahead and call BULLSHIT right now. If he wanted to resolve the situation, he would have asked for my address right then and shipped some stuff to me. HORRIBLE, SCAM, PRICE GOUGING, TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!
1	DO NOT SHOP HERE!!!I had a very similar issue to Michelle.  Wow at least they are consistent.  Purchased an electronic cigarette in February was promised it has a "Lifetime Warranty".  E-cig broke in November of same year.  Called in advance to make sure there would be no problems and was told "Bring it on in"  Upon trying to get e-cig replaced was told there would be a "Restock Fee" which is the same price of buying a new unit.  Nice "Lifetime Warranty" Vapor Tech!  Spoke to "Managers" at 2 separate locations (Jessica - Dessert Sky Mall & Frank - Arizona Mills Mall) and they are "unable" to do anything.  Frank specifically was very rude and has terrible customer service skill and I told him that to his face.  Spoke to main office on 35th ave and was told there was nothing they could do.  DO NOT SHOP HERE!  They are only out to get your money!  Will also be posting this to BBB, Google reviews, yelp, twitter, etc.....
4	I also purchased a mod setup for about $120 which included an Darkhorse rda, two Efests & I2 charger, a few juices as well & had a decent experience at that particular time. The salesman was knowledgeable, informative, & also built a custom build for me for free. Last week, I happened to lose a pin & spring from my mod & also had to pay a shipping fee. It was small, around $20-$30 (I can't remember exactly) to replace my mod right then & there. I paid & left so stoked, I even was able to switch out my new mod to a different color. Yeah I can totally buy the same mod online for less than I paid but you can get EVERYTHING online cheaper, & who wants to wait a week for shipping just to spare a few bucks? How do I know the quality of what I am buying since I can't see it or touch it? Yeah, I'll just pay the shipping fee... I do know that if I was to buy from other vape shops or smoke shops, I defiantly wouldn't be walking out with anything replaced for free or with a warranty (Unless it was an authentic & I went through the direct manufacturer) I have shopped many vape shops throughout the valley & VaporTech's prices are reasonable if not lower than most shops I've found. From what I seen they stocked good variety on just about everything. The juice is decent although, Iam stuck on LA- strawberry lemonade & PHX- berry custard. I can't say I had the same experience as above, but sounds to me that people are looking for freebies. Ain't gonna find that in the vape world that's for sure.
