2	After a busy morning, what with work, a sporty little run along the canal (good news...no floating bodies and no one jumping out of the bushes, trying to decapitate me this morning...yay!) and all the other attendant details of my life, I needed to get retoxed for a busy afternoon!And today, with time being in short supply, I turned to my background in mathematics and science and revised the question of "how should I retox?" to "what is the most toxic thing I can eat for lunch and survive?"The answer, my friends, is the Double Down from KFC!Like all of you, I am a sucker for a well executed television commercial...and KFC's ad for this one has it all...large, beefy men eating a Double Down and admiring the "no bun/all meat" approach to sandwiching...nubile young women looking at them consuming said Double Down in a demur, yet admiring fashion...the subliminal messages that flash for a millisecond or so and implant the KFC craving so deep in our brains that it resides right next to religion and sexual preference in the subcortex...a completely "hindbrain" event...off I went!The Double Down appeals to the 400 pounder living in all of us...double "bacon", wrapped in double "cheese", surrounded by double "chicken" (I use quotes around those words because I'm pretty sure that no actual pigs or chickens were harmed in order for me to have lunch...and the "cheese" was, well, let's just call it "petroleum based cheese-like food product").http://tinyurl.com/67lxplThe smiling men of the KFC lunch shift greeted me as I walked in and I had my Double Down and Diet Coke (HAHAHAHA...I know...Diet Coke) about 12 seconds after I paid for it.It was as advertised...2 pieces of chicken (with no pesky bones to slow down your munching and gnashing), the bacon and cheese and some sort pinkish mayo in a wax paper wrapper.The chicken part of the sandwich could have used either another minute or 2 in the fryer or a minute or 2 less in the warming trays...the breading was either under cooked or over greased (the fact that it was difficult to determine tells you pretty much everything you need to know about the quality of the "sandwich").It just wasn't very good...and I didn't see any attractive young ladies gazing at me admiringly as I hoovered down this little gullet greaser.540 calories (not that I watch that), 32 grams of fat (or lube, as I like to think of it), 1380 milligrams of sodium (I've seen salt licks back on the the cattle ranch with less than that) and 11 grams of dietary fiber (more lube).The science behind this "sandwich" says I should typing this from the great beyond right now...but the sweet balance of my life...the detox/retox...the yin and the yang, all combine to keep me safe and reasonably healthy!But don't try this at home...I am a trained professional!
4	Michael is the store manager for this location. I have passed through this KFC for the last 12 years about once every 8 weeks. I enjoy the grilled chicken and the chicken tenders. I am not interested in any of their side dishes as they do not taste authentic to me. Michael when I was I went through drive-thru made me some fresh chicken tenders that were fresh and juicy. The customer service is excellent during the day but during the dinner hour this is a place - stay clear of as it is a different shift of people and Michael is not there after mid afternoon so the control is gone. Great chicken better than LoLo's.
1	Beware of Brandi!!!! She is the Rudest and Most Unfriendly employee I have come across in many years.  She carries the biggest "I could care less about the customer attitude" possible.  Before I could even order my 2nd item she turned he back on me and started packing the first item I ordered.  When I asked a question about ordering wings pcs. She was very short and snappy with her response. When asked a follow up question she answered "that's the way it is NOW" It was as if she was a robot on an assembly line screwing nuts on a bolt. While still trying to complete my order and talking to her, she begins taking an order from a drive- through customer and ignoring me.  Note: The restaurant was not busy.As a result of her, I decided pay for the one item and leave. I did not ordering the other chicken items, sides, and desserts I normally order when I do take out from KFC. Todays' check was only 14.00 I usually spend over 40.00 at this location for takeout. I then went down the street to Church's Chicken to complete my order.  I prefer KFC's food but the service was much better at Church's. She alone is reason enough for me not to return to this location.
4	Stopped on my way to work and it was pretty tasty.  Got the new chicken littles and they were pretty good!  The service was fast and friendly!!
2	For fast food I like KFC in general (grilled chicken). This location for some time now seems to hire the most inept of retards. I'm not sure why it takes twice as long to be served here and why the orders almost always seem to be missing an item. I've ventured inside a time or two and it must be the dirtiest KFC in Arizona. Dammit I want a real KFC near my house!
3	Maybe it's me, but I've had the worst luck with customer service at EVERY KFC I go to.. Hawaii was a joke, but I can't figure out what location it was to write a review! Anyways, this KFC is probably the next worst with customer service. This little brunette woman was the worst! I had to repeat my order like 5 times and I could hear her laughing and talking with another employee through the speaker so she kept having to ask me "what was that?" with a rude attitude. I finally pulled up to the window to place my order face to face. She then went to repeat my order that I just told her, and things were still wrong! Seriously?! At least my finally correct order was edible. 1 star for service and 2 stars for the food.. #blah
1	My boyfriend wanted KFC so I took him to this location because it was the one closest to us. Well we went through the drive thru and there was only one car ahead of us, we waited 20 minutes until the car in front finally got their food and left. I was a little pissed because we went through the drive thru for a reason, for fast service! So, when I pulled up to the window, This girl (red head) was frantically trying to get our order together and the people's behind us. I then saw another employee (dark hair) just standing there, texting on her cell phone! She was just letting this poor girl handle all the orders and food herself. I think they should fire that girl that was screwing around on her phone because there are plenty of people who need a job and will actually work too. My boyfriend yelled through the window "get off your phone and help her" but the girl just looked at us, walked away and continued to use her damn phone. Not professional at all, please fire her.
2	I am beginning to think my colleague and I are jinxed when it comes to the 2 of us going to lunch together.  Just went here to grab a quick bite - or so I though it was going to be quick.  3 people working at this location.  1 person manning the register and trying to fill orders.  What the other 2 people were doing, I have no clue.  But they sure werent helping the lady out.
1	Yes it's fast food, basic customer service is expected but this location sucks.  The drive through kept having me repeat my order so I just went inside which took forever as well.  Try to avoid.
1	Worst experience ever!!! Sign at the Drive Thru was not lit up so we went in only to wait 30 min in line. Did I mention we were the 2nd people in line. They ran out of almost everything by 6:30pm and when we showed our digital coupon to add 1pc to our 8pc meal, they said it had to be printed out!!! Had I known this, I could have driven home in the 30 min I was in line. Oh, and I'm still here waiting for my order. NEVER again.
1	Went to the drive thru ordered a bunch of chicken and a bunch of chicken strips etc. Go up and pay then afterwards she tells me oh we need to cook chicken strips it's going to be 7 minutes. I think she should have mentioned that before she ran my card, but either way I pull over and wait. 10 minutes later I go inside and ask for a refund. Then after he refund the money on my card he tells me the chickens ready do I wanna buy it. I have a teething baby screaming in the car and was so frustrated that I just said no thank you and left. I don't mind you running out of chicken strips but be honest about the time frame and at least give me the opportunity when I'm ordering it to opt out.
1	Terribly slow service (especially drive through) and they're always running out of things.
1	Worst KFC I have ever been to. Takes forever. If they have to handle at least 4 customers prepare to wait at least minimum of a half hour for your fast food. They overcharge you, they won't match the Mesa store price for my 4 piece and sometimes they don't get the order right. I go to the one in Mesa. I get charged over a dollar less for the same meal and they get the order right. Quicker too. Scottsdale (Indian School) KFC is horrible. Don't bother going.
1	Hands down the most incompetent workers ever I'm so surprised they let a KFC run like this. I ordered a three piece meal white meat.. Got all dark meat then they forgot my 2 sides then when I went back to get white meat the guy did but asked me how much he should up charge me??? Then when I got back to my seat it only 2 pieces of chicken... I was so over it I didn't even care I just wanted to leave. Not one worker know what is going on they where yelling and dropping things and as slow as could be .... Don't eat here
2	Corporate,  are you listening??  Although I admit, I love your product, what the hell is going on in this store? While I was waiting (26 minutes) for my order for two, THREE different customers came back in to say their order was wrong or incomplete.  Laura, your counter lady, handled it as best she could (2 stars are for her only)   I believe all the orders originally were through the drive thru. I have been to this store many times and have only gotten lucky to have a good experience two or three times. I refuse to go to the drive thru anymore, the order is either wrong or the chicken is extremely small. At 5 in the evening, you should not be out of ANYTHING, especially your most popular chicken choices. This location is run worse than the VA. Heads must roll; it's the only way to get right with us. Ps. Please keep Laura. She's full of personality and quick.
