3	Bosa's is our usual stop for donuts, but his place was good too. I arrived pretty late at night and the selection might not have been what it was earlier in the day, but I still found some of my favorites. A friendly face behind the counter was nice, too. I'll go again if I'm in the area and in the mood for a donut!They also have Thrify ice cream!
4	Awesome 'cake' donuts!  They have very friendly service and are just a cozy small business making a great product.  I love the crispy texture and the homemade feeling of their donuts.  Love this place!
5	When I walk into the 19th Donut Hole I feel like I've gone back in time. I don't think that was ever their intention, they just haven't changed anything since the beginning. The decor, etc. it just plain and reminds me of...a donut shop! I've been coming to the 19th Donut hole for 3 years now and I've highly enjoyed the atmosphere and donuts each and every time. The older lady who helps me has always been really polite and helpful, and really just reminds me of my grandma fixing me a snack. Highly Recommended!
5	I stumbled upon this blessed little shop months ago at eleven at night and my life just hasn't been the same.  My roommates and I were back two more times in the next twenty-four hours.  I mean, I have been to a few late night donut shops.  And they are all TERRIBLE.  No selection, and what they have is old.  This is not the case.  I love donut shops.  Love them.  And I have never found one to compare, from New York City to LA.I have no idea what their hours are, I do think they close sometime in the evening.  But they seem to always be open after 11 pm (this place should be a stoner's dream) and a lot of the time you can catch a fresh batch around then.  Their blueberry are amazing, their chocolate uses real fudge.  I have never had a bad donut there.  Never.  Go.  You won't regret it.  Unless you eat all of the chocolate on chocolate cake donuts before I get there.
1	Some of the worst donuts I ever had. Bland and stale. My wife and I walked out and left the donuts on the table after two bites. This was 2 years ago. Never been back.
1	worst customer service I've ever had. We went there one night & the employee had an attitude like "wtf do you want." Now that I think of it he didn't even ask "how may I help you" we just told him what we wanted. The atmosphere was very uncomfortable too. Maybe its because he had his rap music blaring & was on his cell phone cussing. We decided to take our teas to go because we did not feel welcome at all.
5	Found this place by merely driving by with the windows down. Captivated by the smell of fresh donuts, it was truly a 'turn this car around' moment. The fruity donuts were a hit. I recommend the apple fritter or a strawberry cake donut.
5	Better than BoSa ... the locals have been wrong. Try the blueberry or strawberry varietal.Note: 35-cent charge for debit card but, really, guys...it's 35 cents.
5	Forget Dunkin' Donuts, where the donuts are the only thing not worth eating, this is the real deal.  A neighborhood donut shop, for reals.  Do the time warp.  Seriously, do it!  Because this place will take you back in time to when donuts were made by...people!First, peruse the nicely varied selection of donuts and other pastries. Then, sidle up to the counter and give your order to the somewhat surly, but efficient server.  Finally, your heaping box of doughy goodness home or take a seat amongst the chatting oldsters.  If you're prone to Homer Simpson style drooling, check yourself.  What are you waiting for?  Get yourself a donut, or three.
5	I love this place.  Their donuts are amazing and the staff is always very friendly! Any flavor I've had, I've loved. Most places that have blueberry donuts are hard and dried out. This place is the only exception I've come across. They're always soft, moist, and melt in my mouth! This place is awesome!
5	Really top notch doughnuts!! Love supporting a local, family owned business. They have great maple bars!
3	I was pretty excited to check this place out, especially after all the great reviews. I love supporting local business but unfortunately our experience was just so-so.For a Saturday morning, I guess I expected there to be a greater variety of donuts. The offerings looked like what I could have gotten at Safeway. The price was reasonable and quality was ok. I had a chocolate covered old fashioned, the kids each had a sugar covered twist, and my husband had an egg and cheese croissant. It was pretty busy when we walked in and from what I overheard it sounded like a lot off the snow birds were headed out of town until next winter. The lady working behind the counter was chatting all of them up, so she must have known them pretty well. As for us newcomers, I felt like I was getting stared down when we were trying to decide what to order (and when two kids were trying to make up their minds) so we ended up with stuff we probably didn't really want. And the coffee? Forget about it. We didn't order any because there were way too many choices for a small donut shop and it cause unnecessary anxiety. I'm sure we will be back to give this place a second chance. It is just down the street after all.
5	Best donut shop around, great donuts, friendly service, goodbye Dunkin, I hardly knew ya!
5	The owner got me hot donuts and recommended a very tasty treat, very hospitable ! Loved my first experience here! So delicious.
5	The donuts were great. We took a dozen home and got a variety of them.   All the donuts tasted great,  they had the taste of fresh home made donuts. (Not like DD)  this is our new donut stop.   Next time we will try the coffee.
5	This is my second review after trying the coffee.  The donut's were still great.  Tried the blended coffee and regular coffee this time.  The regular coffee was good, had it black and it went well with the donut.   The blended coffee was not so good, but it's not what I would go there for again.  Stick with the regular coffee and donuts and you will be pleased.
5	I stopped by here around 2 am because I was on my way home and was craving some donuts. The employee was very friendly and attentive. Seriously the best chocolate cake donuts ever. Every place I've ever gone to has let me down when it comes to chocolate cake donuts, even my favorite donut shop back home, and I'm a picky girl. But these were so good, they had like a slightly crisp outside (not dry or crunchy though) and the insides were soft and fluffy and just melted in my mouth. And this was at 2 in the morning, I was honestly expecting kinda stale donuts since it was so late. I will be coming back many times until they close down, more excited than I should be to try the different flavors they have.
2	We had high hopes for this place as the hours are so abnormally awesome for Mesa. We are new to this area and we have found it odd that nearly everything closes at 8PM most nights.  We were happily surprised to read that this place was open most of the night.  So we planned a family outing and went to check it out.We were looking forward to trying the Cronuts and maybe an iced coffee.  We stopped in and found only one young man working the counter.  Unfortunately we quickly saw he had an attitude as if we were disturbing whatever he was doing in the back.We asked about Cronuts and were told "you see what we have, we are all out".  We asked about iced coffee drinks and if they have those and were told he doesn't have time to make that.He couldn't even speak well enough to be understandable when we asked about ordering a dozen donuts.  I wasn't sure if they even sold them by the dozen after his response.So while their service sucked, the donuts looked pretty good.  Aside from one completely stale and hard as a brick cake Donut we had, the others all were quite tasty.It's a shame their service turned us off of this place as we live in Mesa and would love to make this a frequent place to stop for a late night sugar high.
4	first of all, the blueberry donut was amazing... the other donuts were good as well. soft, moist and delicious... especially at 11pm. this will definitely cure your late night sweet tooth.the only thing I can agree needs a little help is the customer service. he seemed thoroughly annoyed by our presence but eventually warmed up.
1	Crappy donuts. Rude workers. They almost seemed pissed when you want to buy a donut. There are a ton of good donut places around but this is not one of them.
4	This place has an old timey feel to it, I mean if you woke up here you probably wouldn't be sure what decade you were in, but it is a quality to love about it.Come here for the good old fashioned donut and a cup of joe, and do not expect anything else.  I had the sour cream, which is an all time favorite of mine, and it did not disappoint, perfectly crusty and glazed on the outside, with a soft and tasty middle.  To drink I got a vanilla iced coffee which came out of a pre-mixed dispenser, therefore it was a lot sweeter and thicker (almost like chocolate milk) than I'm used to, but I drank it regardless because it paired well with my already bad-for-me donut.
5	Finally tried this place after many weeks of longing for a cronut. It is an old school neighborhood style donut shop. Several senior citizens in there that seemed to be regulars since the employee was sitting with them when I walked in. Promptly greeted and I told him it was my first visit. He gave me a run down on the favorite donuts.I ordered the creme filled cronut and the cherry filled donut burrito. The cronut just might be the best pastry or donut I have eaten. Certainly earns a place in my top 5. I really enjoyed the cherry burrito. Basically a sweet tortilla filled with cherry filling and fried then glazed with donut icing. Quite the yummy departure from a normal breakfast pastry.Service I thought was great. Very friendly and helpful. Good enthusiasm for the product and someone new to the store. I will definitely be back and have placed the 19th donut hole on my regular rotation of donut shops on the east valley. Enjoy!!!
5	Great donuts, a little hard to find but worth the hunt. Must taste their cronuts and their apple fritters. My wife loves the chocolate chip rolls. They can also make your next party cake. We have had them make a birthday cake and a anniversary cake in the past. Always excellent!
3	Saw lots of good reviews and im always looking for a late night coffee joint. Hubby and i went at 10:30 am. Not busy at all one table with 3 kids running all over...even behind the counter! Heard the apple fritters were good. Not so much. Quite dry and not much in the way of apple flavor. I also ordered a blended iced mocha. What i got was some creamer and a premixed drink of some sort over ice...last i checked blended implied the use of a blender.Service was soso.  The lady wasnt behind the counter when we came in. Slow to make drinks. Disappeared again after we sat down. Every table was dirty and both do it yourself bus tubs were full.  Not the least bit impressed. My coffee maker and Albertsons are both closer to home...and faster.Rather disappointed and not sure what the other reviewers were raving about.
5	Great donuts and friendly service I highly recommend & good coffee. I have no idea what the guy was complaining about the owners English was fine
4	The donuts are really good! They aren't out of this world amazing but they are good and are at a fair price. The service is also just good and not over the top but it isn't really bad either. Cronuts are amazing. And the best time to get the donuts are early in the morning when it's still fresh and soft!
5	Best doughnuts around! The owners are very nice and the hours they are open, suits pretty much any schedule. These doughnuts melt in your mouth!
4	Pretty good. I'd say these are on par with bosa donuts. Donuts are a little smaller but also cheaper I think. Friendly owner. Good luck!
