5	04/19/12 REPAIR.Took my 5+ yr old Dell laptop in cuz it was getting too hot, to the point of getting the "blue screen of death". The error code at "blue screen" swore that the motherboard was failing. That's like saying the computer will soon be trash! They blow out the dirt/dust/etc from years of use/abuse, which fixes the problem, run a ton of diagnostics, NO CHARGE! And they're really nice folks, too! I highly advise trying them, if you need assistance with your computer.
5	Have a 3+ year old Toshiba and was having terrible problems with shut downs, blue screens, inability to print, excessive heat and very slow operation.  Saw the staff at Kenputer Guru, was treated as a valued customer, had their procedures clearly explained and then they went to work.  Called with their diagnosis (no charge) and recommended a solution and upon my approval went to work.  Fixed quickly and when I went in to pick it up they explained everything and gave me hints on how to better operate my computer.  Great folks and I wouldn't hesitate to return.
5	Took my Desktop PC to get repaired 3/2013.  Had a fried hard drive unfortunately.  David explained everything in detail to me regarding cost and what repairs were necessary.  He was EXTREMELY HONEST, and INFORMATIVE.  He was quite gracious with his time with me.  And showed me many things on my computer that I never even knew!  The work performed on my PC was done in a timely manner and the cost was more than fair.  David truly went above and beyond any expectations I had.  I would recommend Kenputer Guru to ANYONE that has computer issues.  Even if you live on the other side of town.  Believe me....it's worth the drive to come to Henderson.  Honesty is hard to come by in this valley.  And clearly.....Kenputer Guru is nothing but Honest.  They are THE BEST!!!!  Thanks again David!Deena  :)
5	Just wanted people to know that Kenputer Guru has moved to 8680 W. Warm Springs Ste. #160 Las Vegas, NV.  If you are in Henderson.....trust me....it's worth the drive to go to this place for your computer issues.  The guys are honest and extremely knowledgeable!  Ken & David are amazing!  :)
