4	This is a great nail salon! I've had the manicure and pedicure and both were wonderful! I love going to Enjoi because they offer a hot stone massage with your pedicure... hold on that's great right? but it does get better....... IT'S FREE! No additional fee for the hot stone!! Awesome! All the people at Enjoi are nice and friendly and they do a fantastic job for a very reasonable price.
5	"i want my feet to be so smooth that i slip and fall when i take a shower" ask and you shall receive! i have not had a pedicure like this in forever. i get a pedicure typically every 2 weeks and always get callous remover bc i like baby-bottom soft feet. they pull out all the stops here to get your feet soft: they used this razor skin scraper and i'm not even sure it's legal but i'm not saying a word, then a bunch of scrubbers and other scrapers, gizmos and gadgets galore.   also, i like my toes to look wet long after they dry and so far so good on that aspect.the chairs were amazing. sometimes the pedicure places have these awful chairs, but these seriously feel like someone is giving you a back massage. not back vibrations, but like actual kneading into your muscles. there were times my friend and i had to stop mid sentence because it felt so good. it probably sounded like we were having sex up in there.my feet tingled for a few hours after the pedicure.  i might be ditching my old 'regular' spot and making this the new place. they even had cutie little kid pedicure chairs so your favorite little girl (or gay-ly forward son- whatever floats your kids' boat) can join you when you go. ps- this isn't the fanciest salon i've been to, but they really get down and dirty to get your feet looking amazing. and the price is right- $16 for a regular pedicure, or $25 for a ped w callous remover and sugar scrub.
1	OMG! So the power went off at this place but that's not what I'm complaining about.  There was a woman there who couldn't stay and asked if she could come back later.  They said it was ok, she offered to pay and they said that it was ok for her to leave and come back to pay.  Now I don't know if the lady was a regular or not, but this was my first time coming there and I told them that I had to go too.  However, they INSISTED that I pay immediately! I didn't have any cash on me, the power was still out so all I had was a check.  The associate then gave me the meanest glare and said that they didn't accept checks (no signs around that said that by the way!) and that I would have to leave my cellphone and go and get cash for them!  I told them there is no way I'm going to leave my cellphone.  After some arguing I just said I'll simply wait a little longer.  Fortunately the power came back on.  But the associate left my nails and fingers dry, didn't shape them well, left cotton hairs sticking out of my nails, and didn't even apologize!!! On top of that the "manager" had said I would only have to pay $26, but then the associate made me pay $31!  Horrible service and worse attitudes!  Never again will I come back here!
1	All I can say is stay away from this place!  Though they advertise cheap prices, the name of the game here is to up sale , up sale ...upsale!  They try to charge you for every little thing.I had my nails done here before and at that time, the manicurist cut my finger. As blood was coming out, she made like it was novbig deal. NOt even an apology!  I decided to give the another chance 6 months later and again, up selling and over charging. All the while I am questioning the charges, they get beligerant and talk among themselves in Vietnamese. They were rude and accused me of lying. There are many nail salons in the Gilbert/Chandler area. Stay away from this place!
5	I love going here! I am a regular weekly nail addict. Evonne does beautiful work.
1	My first visit to this business was yesterday, a Saturday. I paid $31, including $4 tip, for a gel manicure. The gal who did it was nice enough but I don't think she is good at this. There were a few problem spots during the gel process, which she said she fixed. With a gel manicure your nails are supposed to be 100% ready to face the world as soon as it is over and last for 2 to 3 weeks.. Well, by Saturday night there were some lumps seen in the gel; by now -- Sunday afternoon -- I have lumps and some bubbles. They would have had a return visit from me today, but they are closed. I have a medical procedure tomorrow morning but I will be there tomorrow afternoon. I want them to redo the manicure, which I know isn't going to be too good for my nails but I sure don't want to have them look this bad for the next few weeks.I'll give this business a second chance. I hope I am treated well and we resolve this matter amicably. I'll come back and let you all know how good, or bad, their customer service is.UPDATE:I did go back to have the gel manicure redone. It is better than Saturday's. I knew they weren't happy to have to redo a manicure but the manicurist did it. I was uncomfortable because she and the others spoke almost constantly in Vietnamese, which I don't understand. I am probably paranoid to think I was the topic of discussion but that's how I felt.I do think it is very rude to speak a language you know your customers can't understand, particularly when a customer needs something redone. At any time it is rude to speak in a foreign tongue at great length, not just a sentence or two once in a while. They went on and on and on.Not sure if I'll go back. It will depend on how well this gel manicure holds up.
5	Simply the best nails and pedi anywhere!  I have been going to see Evonne for over 2 years.  She does the best nails anywhere!
5	I come here every two weeks excellent service and great prices. The ladies treat me so well. I've been coming here for a year
4	Very nice, polite, clean and air conditioning! The staff was a little short handed when I went, people were waiting a long time. But, call ahead if you can it and would be alright.
1	I debated leaving my review due to my overall horrible experience and having others feel like I was simply jaded against the company. But...Let me preface this, I have only had my nails done two other times (my BFF in another state convinced me to go with her while on my vacation). I had the shellac color, then shellac tips done. I was familiar enough to know the process having had shellac done, the removal process, as well as a little research on it out of curiosity (because, wow! shellac is amazing!).Just over two weeks ago, I went into Enjoi because it's close and I figured I'd be trying a new place regardless so why not. I went in, was greeted and asked how she could help me, I asked if they had shellac, I was told yes, then I asked how much for shellac with the french tip. Her response was odd, "For you? $20? Okay?" I thought it strange, but rolled with it because the price was what I expected. So I sat down, and clarified that with the extra line, like I had already on my nails, it would only be $20. She then said $3 for the line, which was what I expected. She looks at my nails, asks what I had on, shellac, and asks if I want my nails shortened so I won't have so much polish to take off, yes, and she bluntly clips them. She then pours acetone into a small bowl and has me soak my fingers in the bowl. This was NOT like my previous experience - - previously, they took a small piece of cotton put some remover on it and wrapped it in foil for 10 minutes and once it was done, they gently removed the remaining product with a cuticle pusher, careful not to scrape up my actual nail. Meanwhile, I'm soaking, she moves to the next station and does her own nails. She is going to town on filing the tops of her own nails. This SHOULD have been a sign for me to leave. No one files the tops of their nails like that. But I didn't. She comes back over after a long while, sees that my shellac has almost completely lifted off, and makes a comment about how easy it's come off, shows me her nails and says "way easier than mine!". Then she grabs her course file and FILED THE TOPS OF MY NAILS to remove the little remaining polish. And not just a little bit of filing, a TON of filing. I knew right then and there my nails were going to be long term screwed. I should have stopped her, but I questioned myself that maybe I was wrong, that maybe she does need to file it off. Not my finest self moment. (Hindsight says my shellac came off so easily because my nails were NOT filed before painting because there is ZERO reason to do so and it still last for weeks and weeks - without nail damage)She grabs a cuticle nipper and made a few small clips to a few nails then asks if I want a massage. I asked if it was extra, she said $5, I declined. She asked again, and this time I shook my head and said no thank you. She dropped it after giving me a rude look. Now time for the polish. I'll spare you all the details of each regular layer, but I will say that I non too quickly realized I was getting GEL and not SHELLAC. She kept messing with the UV light, changing the times and even when the light would turn off she would tell me to keep my hand in and she would restart the time. This was pretty hot. She finished but by then I am so irritated with my entire experience I wasn't really paying any attention to how my nails actually looked, just a quick glance to see that the colors were there. She then says $30. WHAT??? Why $30 now? She tells me it was for the manicure. I didn't ask for a manicure, I didn't receive a manicure, unless you count the few clips she made. I am pissed but I am not the type of person who says anything, however I have made the decision I will NOT be coming back here. She leaves me and another woman comes over to collect my money. She asks me how much, and I grudgingly say "She told me $30." She asks me again, how much. Again I say $30. She then gets snippy with me and clearly says "How much WITH TIP?" I'm pretty sure I visibly rolled my eyes and annoyingly answered with "$32."I left very upset. It wasn't until I got home that I really looked at my nails and realized just how awful they were. I wish I could add pictures. The lines were not uniform, there were random "flicks" in the lines, and most of the lines didn't even go all the way across my nails. And get this, my nails were actually jagged, I had to smooth out the ends out too. UGH. In the last two weeks, I've had 2 actual nails chip. And just yesterday, because of the grow out and the now thinness of my real nail, my nail broke. And the line that I paid extra for? It chipped off all over the place.Turns out, I am a huge pushover with services. I should really work on that. I'm sorry for the length of this review, but I was/am really upset by both the business and woman's crappy services.
1	The place is nice and the service is nice as long as you don't have your nails done by the OWNER. Please know I don't usually give bad reviews about anyone's business and try to see the better good in things furthermore in people. However, I've been getting my nails done religiously every two weeks for over 25 years. And just a manicure at that...so I know a thing or two about nails. I don't live in the area I'm just visiting family but I came here because a few years back I had a great experience with a wonderful young lady and I was hoping she would be there again. But this time I had the owner and I found her remarks to be rude and annoyingly pushy. It seemed like you came to her salon and she was doing YOU the favor.  She ruined my every positive thought about her salon and a word of advise to you... stay away from the OWNER and you'll have a nice experience.
1	Wow! Worst nail salon Ever! I went in to get a new set, I told the tech as soon as I sat down that she could not remove the acrylic on one of my fingers because I had smashed it in a car door. First thing she does is try to remove it! She took half of my real nail off with it at which point I told her I was leaving, they were so rude and didn't even apologize ! NEVER EVER get your nails done there!!!
