5	That brownie sundae is to die for, and if you don't think it is, there are two other varieties of just that one menu item to choose from, to say nothing of the oodles of other options and even real food (though that bit's pricy).Parking is tight.
4	Wonderful creamy yumminess.  There is just something about Mary Coyle's that's a little extra creamy than the rest.  And I love that it's somewhere between a Swenson's and a Sugar Bowl in terms of quaint and cutesy.  Pink but not too much.  Old fashioned, but not too much.  Historical, but not shoving in your face.  The other reason to love it of course is because you can only get it here.  As much as I love that every Water & Ice place in town offers Thrifty Ice cream (mint chip, oh yea...) there is something cool about going to a place that makes it and sells it right there on site.  Prices are pretty good too.  I've never tried their food and I don't really expect to try it any time soon.  I'm sure it's fine, but to me Mary Coyle's is just all about the Ice Cream.
5	This is probably the best place for a sweet tooth. They have a large variety of fresh ice creams to fit everyone's fancy. Just don't eat too much and get fat! Mommy wouldn't love you then. Oh yeah they also have a drive thru now.
4	The average age of patrons at Mary Coyle is probably 63, but it's all good.  I LOVE old people.  Shoot my parents are old, my grandparents were old, and someday I will be too!  I mean, if anything, it should be a badge of honor for any ice cream parlor.  Old people KNOW old-fashioned ice cream parlors, right?  No fooling them huh?The ice cream here is ROCKIN!  I mean 16 percent butterfat  and made fresh on the premises daily?  How can that not be simultaneously sinful, decadent and to-die-for?  Mary Coyle was just what the doctor ordered when I returned from a 2 hour workout at the gym.  Haaah!  I decided to keep it sensible and choose a "Showboat "(pippen - which is a small), but couldn't decide between one of the specialities with hot fudge or caramel.   Luckily the Turtle and the Hare featured both - glazed atop scoops of fresh butter pecan ice cream.Service by the high-schooler staff was OK.  The vertical striped (pink/white) wallpaper and Norman Rockwell prints were so hokey and authentic I wanted to gag and laugh at the same time.Minuses:  The 1950s feel here is authentic, but how can an old fashioned parlor not have a bar, and row of barstools?  (Come on... Sugar Bowl has a bar!) Also,  they substituted pecans for peanuts on my ice cream.  It's OK.  It happens.  But I overheard at tables next to me that they ran out of marshmallows too.  OK, I'm no expert here, but those are ingredients that are readily available at your neighborhood Fry's.  Too much of a coincidence, and almost borderline lazy to not run out and replace immediately.Disclosure:  I must have been under the influence, because I am nearly always a gelato-ONLY fool.  But for some reason I wanted full-fat ice cream.
5	I like this place.  There are so many flavors of ice cream here.  It's fresh, it's fattening, it's delicious.I just have to say that this place reminds me of my grandparents.  Every time I eat here I sit back and think of the vague memory of my grandfather taking me to a soda shop in downtown Glendale, and taking me to some train park as a kid.  The world was simpler then.  I am greatful for the reminder of times long passed.
5	Whenever I have a craving for something sweet we always come to Mary Coyle's... they are close and I love their ice cream.  I always get either the Carmel Cashew or the Turtle and the Hare and I am never disappointed.  You can tell that everyone that works here is in high school but they are attentive and never leave you waiting around.  I have never had their food, but that is not why I am here anyway.  Also they have a drive through if you are in a hurry.
2	First off the front door was locked, we were somehow "supposed" to know not to use it and to go around the back.  Then no one actually wanted to help us at the counter.  When someone finally did ask us what we wanted, it took FOREVER.  And all we got was boring old ice cream.  The place seemed cool on the inside but we didn't feel at all welcomed and won't be going back.
3	I was expecting to get some really good ice cream here. I did not.The place is like an old-timey soda shop, a bunch of booths and decor right out of the 50s. They've got a lot of flavors, but nothing that really jumped out at me. I ordered a strawberry ice cream "coward": 1 scoop ice cream, fudge sauce, whipped cream and a cherry. The ice cream had like 1 strawberry in it, either just skimpy or flavored with flavoring, not fruit. The fudge sauce was ok, but not that great. Also, the cup the sundae came in was just big enough for the sundae, so I ended up dripping a lot of ice cream/fudge sauce out of the cup. Why not get a bigger cup? If I go again I will definitely ask them to serve it in a bigger container.My 4 friends shared 2 sundaes off the special menu, one with oreo and vanilla ice cream and one with blackberry and vanilla. They were both good--just nothing outstanding in my opinion. I saw another customer order a root beer float, and that's what I will be getting next time I go.I guess you should go here if you're looking for the experience of an old-time ice cream/soda shop. If you just want to get some good ice cream, I wouldn't come here. Although I have yet to have any really good ice cream in Phoenix ...
4	Why go to some new place that tries to recreate the ambiance of an old fashioned ice cream parlor when you can just go to an actual old-fashioned ice cream parlor? Unlike newer parlors, Mary Coyle's doesn't try to be self-referentially hip or ironic, they just serve good ice cream without pretense. The thing is, they must be doing something right since they're popular with all age ranges and different groups of people. Plus, it seems like the high school kids working there are having a good time and actually glad to see you when you come in.
3	Quaint little place.. has so so ice cream but fills a need in that area.. non gourmet BS ice cream. Had vanilla ice cream covered in caramel, cashews and whipped cream.. easily made at home for 1/2 the price but it really hit the spot. Service is very friendly!
5	Picture this:  Girl hasn't had a spot of sugar in two months.  Former NFL running back invites said girl for ice cream.  What better place than Mary Coyle?As soon as we walked in (FIRST DATE), we got a corner booth.  Service was super-friendly.  Knowing I was having my first sugar rush in FOREVAH, I immediately said "Anything with peanut butter" to the girl.  Hey, if I am going against the grain with my strange eating habits, I'm goin' all out.  Besides, the bruthas love a lil meat on the bones, right?Got our water with HUGE lemon slices right away and ice cream wasn't far behind.OK the company gave it the last star.  Wait.  I would give it 6 stars because the place is worth 5 but the guy made it 6.  Got it?  Good.Pretty busy for 8:30 on a Wednesday night.  Mixed crowd.  Every time another table got served, we both said "Dang, we got cheated" because everything looked so good!I've been a few times and have enjoyed it every time!Go.  Forget Cold Stone.  Go to Mary Coyle.Just don't flirt with the football player and you won't get hurt, OK?
4	A longtime valley institution, I've been going to Mary Coyle's ice cream for over a decade and its exactly the same then as is it is today.  Located on 7th Ave. in north central Phoenix, this small ice cream spot brings in people from all walks of life daily.The staff at this place is very young, energetic, and friendly.  My family and I just made a recent trip here and our server was extremely friendly and attentive (which is good because my sister is strangely picky about the makeup of her toppings).  Call me traditional, but I usually go for the tried and true sundae.  Typically I'll get three scoops of vanilla with hot fudge, caramel, nuts and a cherry.  My brother is a bit more adventurous and gets the jolly green giant (a mint chocolate chip concoction) with fudge and strawberries.  The rest of my family loves the milkshakes.Now granted, the dishes I just described don't stand out that much, but hold on  Years ago (back when I could still eat like a high schooler), a group of friends and myself attacked one of Mary Coyle's signature dishes in a tasty, glutenous display.  I'm talking about "The Mountain".  Seven pounds of ice cream with tons of toppings piled high.  It is one of the most intimidating dishes I've ever stood toe to toe with.  Fortunuately there were a couple of football players in our group so we were able to finish it off...barely.  If you plan on trying this, bring no less than 8 people.  It will seriously test your sweet tooth and your stomach for all its worth.  But the good news is, its great ice cream.All that said, yes I have had better ice cream elsewhere.  And yes, sometimes there is a wait as this place does get busy (partucularly during the summer).  But the ice cream is good and you can't beat the atmosphere of this old time hangout.  And the crowd is just as diverse as the flavors they serve.  And ten years from now, I hope Mary Coyle's doesn't change a bit.
5	Hi...I am Rico and I am an ice creamaholic!This place is danger, danger, and danger!  Well, for me anyways, when a gram of sweet, creamy, frozen treat enters my body, 10 pounds are generated!So I go here on metered visits, like an addict visiting a Swiss methodone clinic.  I go and binge and have my fix!I love all the ice cream combos...orange sherbet and chocolate, cherry ice cream and vanilla, peanut butter and chocolate!  ahhhhgggg, how can I make just one, just one decision!  So in my desperation, like this place will be taken away from me, I always go for the super chocolate and peanut butter 7 scooper!  okay...not that big, but the 2 scoop sundaes are that big given different metrics.Anyhoo...my rec is to go if you have a calcium deficiency, go and reward yourself for waking up on time, go when you are having a bad day, go if you are having a good day, go when you don't know where to eat, go after you eat at your favorite place, go after sex, go before sex...just go!
2	I never knew I was an ice cream snob, until this evening. I had such high hopes for this place.  I love diners.  I love ice cream.  Perfect location (well, almost perfect, for me).  Number one in Phoenix-Yelp Ice Cream.  How can this go wrong?  Well, unfortunately, the ice cream just didn't cut muster.  I mean, I'm sure its not the worst I've ever tasted.  (But, I am struggling to think of worse ice cream.)  There's just something that's off and I can't pinpoint it.  Maybe they were just having a bad night.  Or maybe I ordered incorrectly....
4	Why do  I  love Mary Coyle ?  Is it because ice cream is one of my all   time  favorite   treats? Possibly. Is it because I worked at Swenson's many many years ago and it reminds me of those happy days? My nostalgia and sense of appreciation for all things vintage certainly play apart.  Or it is it simply the novelty of an old time ice cream parlor  right on my way home from going to Last Chance on Camelback?  Hmmm could be any of these.  I know that I love other ice cream / Gelato places even more yet if I am in an ice cream mood or we are having a family outing --yes we have family outings to Last Chance,  we end up there wistfully looking over the flavors ,  all gravitating  back to our favorites. Mary Coyle may not be "the best" but it really is a warm memorable place  and I will be sad the day  they close.
2	My dad used to take me to Mary Coyle's for weekday dessert after lunching at Sir George's buffet West of Central on Indian School. I had to be like 3 years old. It was one of our neighborhood mainstays. A perfect birthday treat, or a place to go for no reason at all, just to enjoy company over lusciously divine creamy goodness.Mary Coyle's was host to my very first on-my-own sit-down dining experience where I paid my own bill. Of course I had been raised on its ice cream since I can remember being able to put a spoon in my own mouth, but I was 10 or 11 and my best friend and I rode up on Saturday for lunch. They had just started serving sandwiches and chili. I remember feeling so grown up leaving a $0.25 tip after paying for our lunch, having no idea what the gratuity formula was. I remember it was (Matriarch) Coyle who served us.Over the years their children moved away after brief turns at managing the place and eventually they moved to the current 7th Ave location. Management/ownership changed to a non-blood relation who chose to keep the restaurant name and the names of the menu items.I refuse to step foot in the place again in solidarity with others' experiences of which I cannot enumerate here for legal reasons. Before having made that decision, I could easily say that in my own opinion the ice cream is of decidedly lower quality than that of its former glory and that for this review I can give it a second star only for the fond memories the sign evokes as I drive by.
3	Mary Coyle is some pretty good ice cream. i would write a longer review, but the history has been covered, and the atmosphere. i would like this place more, but purchasing ice cream to go afew times i have noticed i need to let it thaw for a month before i can actually eat it. it's frozen that hard. other then that this place is pretty cool. :P
3	I understand why people would want to like Mary Coyle. They serve ice cream in every way imaginable. The nostalgia. They hand make/pack the ice cream. They have a drive through. Now here is why you would not want to like Mary Coyle. It is overpriced. Your cholesterol will raise by at least fifteen points before you leave. Dimwit 16-year-olds work there. The bathrooms are gross. I have had better soft serve cones at McDonald's. Here is the deal: everyone should try out MC once just to say they have been there, but beware, make sure you wear your fat pants and make sure you know where the nearest hospital is just in case someone in your party gets a clogged artery.
1	It's always surprising to find yourself on the wrong side of the zeitgeist.  Such is my experience with Mary Coyle.  I've gone to MC several times over the last couple of months and only one time could I bring myself to actually sit down.  The place is filthy.  On top of that unpleasantry the bus staff is likely to be found smoking in the back parking lot while un-bussed tables piled with half eaten sundays and used napkins run amok.  The last two times I visited there was a strong and very obvious sewer issue.  How people can eat here is beyond me.  Maybe I was just unlucky and my three experiences were not the norm.  I certainly hope so but I can't bring myself to give them a fourth chance.
3	I want to like this place more than I do, but I can't force it.  We've had both the ice cream AND the food here, but neither is really stellar.  Beware of coming on a school night after a high school game, as this place will get packed with tons of squealing, hormonal teenagers.Their food options are pretty much stuff that you could make at home.  Really simple sandwiches on really simple bread served with small servings taken from large vats of potato salad or mac salad.  Not the greatest, but it's all palatable.  The ice cream here is much more interesting.  I'm partial to the flavors with cheesecake or peanut butter in them, but there are lots of interesting flavors to go around.  The best thing is they make all the ice cream fresh on the premises, so it's good quality stuff.  The popular flavors do run out though, so be warned if you go later at night.  There are lots of different options for decking out your ice cream including brownie sundaes, cookie sundaes, and even a giant sundae to serve like 10 people!Go here after dinner for the ice cream.  I would not suggest this as a place to get dinner.  The place is run by 16 year-olds, so try not to expect much in the service department.
3	I've been going here since it was located on Thomas. The ice cream is very good. They make their own ice cream and it is rich. There are a number of flavors (some seasonal) that will keep you busy. Their food is average and midwestern. There are definitely some problems when it comes to the staff. It saddens me to think of how it used to be. I have been there on a number of occasions when the death metal in the kitchen drowned out the fifties music in the dining area. My niece and nephews enjoy the heck out of it though.
4	The 25th review of Mary Coyle's. This is the definitive review.First, MC is NOT hip, cool. urban or pretentious. It IS a Phoenix institution, much like Durants, and you enter through the back. It smells cloyingly sweet when you walk in. It's never even been exactly in a neighborhood either. Formerly on the edge of Encanto, now on the edge of Rancho Solano. Durants is not gourmet food and this is not gourmet ice cream folks. I think it is still  a family business too.I have always lived near a Mary Coyle, so it's not a special trip for me. I would not make a trip to Sugar Bowl, but it's nice to drop in when I'm in the 'hood.Mary Coyle is a traditional ice cream parlor with home made ice cream offered in many flavors, but more important, offered in many styles. Don't go in to order a single scoop. You must order a sundae or a banana split or float or some other concoction. Go to savor the blend of layers, the decadence of it all, the freedom of choice (chocolate, caramel, strawberry syrup?).This is a splurge, loosen your belt.I don't believe the drive thru has ever been open and I've driven by many, many times. The lunch food is pretty good; remember, not gourmet. I've had the chicken salad, tuna and egg salad. My kids have had grilled cheese.Mary Coyle is fun. It is a family place, kids (t-ball to adult) meet after a game, a date place, anyone with a fun attitude can enjoy a trip to Mary Coyle. Hint: Since dairy-intolerance hit, I've ordered a banana split without the ice cream. So to all of you who hate to waist (oops, waste) those calories, maybe you do have options. But really, if you insist on always watching what you eat, don't blame Mary Coyle. Go to your favorite frozen yogurt or gelato spot and order your single scoop.Phoenix needs Mary Coyle. It's a happy place and time before we grew up and had worries.
4	I haven't seen so many mixed reviews.... I'm going with 4 stars tho.I like the idea of a vintage ice cream parlor, but the price was a bit much for ice cream.No doubt it was GREAT ice cream and the food was pretty good as well, but it lost the the last star due to the pricey menu.
3	Love this place, food and ice cream not to expensive but not to cheap. Will go back for sure. Not much else to say, sandwiches ice cream not a lot of variety.
4	Since I moved here 5 months ago, I am always looking for the local businesses.  I like to support local anytime I can.  And, in my opinion, it is almost always better than a chain.  Don't get me wrong, there are some chains I like, but if you buy local it goes back into the local economy more than if you went to a chain.  So I found Mary Coyle's on Yelp and thought it might be good place to take my daughter.  And we both love ice cream.  Saturday evening, we had been at home all day and needed to get out a little bit.  6 year olds start to go stir crazy after a while.  I didn't tell her where we were going.  We pulled into the parking lot and when she saw the sign she yelled "ice cream....YUM!!"  We walk in and are promply seated.  It's busy with families on this Labor Day weekend and they all seem to be having a good time.  The menu is extensive but we like things simple.  My daughter had a child's sundae, which I thought was resonabley priced at $1.75.  She got a big scoop of Mint Chip with carmel sauce and whipped cream.  And ate every bite of it!  I asked our server what she would recommend.  She suggested the Vanilla Carmel Cinnamon Swirl.  I had a scoop of that in a waffle cone bowl.  It was a large scoop and the ice cream was delicious!!  I asked if they did seasonal flavors....my favorite is pumpking pie ice cream....and, yes, in fact pumpking pie is one of the flavors that will be comeing next month!!  YAY!!  I will be back!  Not many ice cream places.....REAL ice cream places, have a drive thru.  MC's does!  What a great idea if you just want to get a pint or a quart to go and be on your way.  For those of  you who want to espose the evils of ice cream, go right ahead.  Yes, it's got fat in it.  Yes, it's a dairy product.  Yes, you should not sit and eat a pint by yourself in one sitting.  But go ahead, live a little once in a while!  It won't kill you.  And you must be a sad person if you never have just a little of this delicious goodness.  I know MC's has been around a long time.  I know it moved locations.  If you take it for what it is, a Phoenix institution, then you will be fine.  The night we were here, it was busy but the bus boys were cleaning up right after the tables were emptied and doing a decent job.  I did not venture into the restroom so I can't say anything there.  My daughter was enjoying the 50's music that was playing while we ate.  I liked the overal vibe of the place.  Yes, the staff looks very young but didn't you work somewhere when you were 16?  They just need someone to keep them in line.  The young lady that waited on us was very pleasant and came back to check on us twice.  I will be back for sure to try some of that Pumpkin Pie ice cream  YUM!!!!
2	I wanted to like it.... but after $20 for two sundaes and a rip-roaring case of heartburn, I'll pass. Gah!
3	I pass this place several times a week and have always wanted to try it. After all, it's a local business with an ol' fashioned ice cream parlor look from the outside. I finally went today and was pleased to see that the ol' fashioned look extended to the inside. The staff was friendly and the whole place had a distinct family-oriented atmosphere. I wanted a small, quick meal so I ordered a chili dog and a small root beer float. The chili dog (I chose macaroni salad as the side that it's served with; it came as a small scoop) was just OK, as was the float.  The bill was anything but small, though - $13 and change for those two items.  I could think of bringing friends here to have some ice cream, chat, and enjoy a relaxed atmosphere. But the place definitely won't be my choice for having a meal, especially if I'm hungry and didn't want to spend a lot of money. Two and a half stars, so I guess that rounds up to three.
3	After what was apparently a crushing defeat for ASU on Saturday, (I say "apparently" because I pretty much don't care about football...at all), my boyfriend and his sister needed a pick-me-up. A pick-me-up in the form of delicious ice cream. Aimlessly driving down 7th Ave., looking for some kind of crappy chain ice cream purveyor, we were confronted with the bubble gum pink cuteness of Mary Coyle. I was sold in an instant, and demanded that we park and enter and devour, ASAP! The entrance to Mary Coyle was festooned with Halloween decorations...in fact, the entire hallway that leads you from the backdoor entrance to the "lobby" of the parlor was converted into a spooky little haunted house. A+! I eat that crap up. Once you emerge from the hallway of horrors, the inside of the parlor is much less bedecked with Halloween glitz and glamour.The service was nothing to write home about, and if you picture an old-timey ice cream parlor, (with the few odd additions of random, low-profile children's movie posters), you will have clear expectations for what you'll encounter in that department. The menu is hot pink, and filled with innumerable confections and combinations. I kept it simple, and went with the Black Raspberry Chocolate single scoop in a waffle bowl, (with marshmallow topping, of course). The other parties involved shared a banana split, the properties of which I cannot comment on because of a personal marked agenda against said splits. My ice cream was great, but most ice cream is great. I am too ignorant to know what "16% butterfat" means, and also too cool to care! The waffle cone was sweet and crunchy, as most waffle cones are in the world. It is a little pricey, but if you walk in with the mindset that you are about to eat ice cream for a lunch price rather than a snack price, you won't be surprised and you won't complain about it on Yelp. I'd like to go back and try the (small) menu of diner food. I will go back and consume more ice cream, and its accompanying butterfat. LET'S GO FOR 20% BF, MARY COYLE! WHATEVER THAT MIGHT MEAN!
2	There are some good things about this place, but you're still better off heading to Baskin Robbins.Good: peppermint ice cream year-round, cute old-fashioned decorBad: extremely overpriced, some flavors are gross (coffee, I'm thinking of you), mediocre teenage service
1	Rip off and slow. *fart sound* Ice cream didnt even taste good, it was watery.
5	This place is simply adorable. ADORABLE! Exactly what you want an old-fashioned ice cream parlour to be! A little pricey for me, but  oh-so-delicious! Yummy!!Take a group and buy The Mountain. Trust me.And right now, they're offering $50 gift cards for $25. A bargain!!
3	I love the old-fashioned feel to the place. The ice cream/floats/sundae selection is gi-normous with really cute names to them. I enjoy the ice cream a lot, you can definitely tell that this is fresh and how ice cream is supposed to taste. I wish they would do more to update the decor though. The leather booths are ripped and really outdated. This old-school look can really attract more people if it looked more retro-cool than old and run down.Another thing- while its old-fashioned ice cream, the price has definitely been updated. $8 for an ice cream sundae is a bit much I think.I like the drive-thru feature they have too. I might opt for the drive through next time. The staff didn't seem too jolly.
4	Two words Strawberry Bowl. Can't beat it, don't bother ordering anything else because the strawberry bowl is the best. This place has been here for a very long time now and the taste hasn't changed.
3	This place is super cute. Which is why my little boy took me on our date there (he's 5). The whole place seemed a little too busy for what I would have expected it to be. But the bussers were these two little girls which I thought was adorable. Then again, that might be going against some sort of labor laws.. i don't know. It's pretty expensive in a not worth the price sort of way. But I still liked it. We probably won't go here again. From the outside it just seemed so quaint, but I felt like the odd one out being so young. Maybe I will try again in 40 years or so.
3	This is definitely worth checking out. I wasn't as enamored with the environment as others. Yes, it's 1950's but it's also tiny and a little claustrophobic in there. The ice cream was delicious and I actually finished my entire sundae. Usually I can't finish an entire sundae because I don't like things that are too sweet but this was worth it.The place has 2 problems. Bad Service! The teenage servers are a little absent minded. By teenager, they looked as if they were 13-14 year olds and that was obvious based on their communication skills. After 15 min, we asked a busboy to get our waitress so we could order. She didn't refill our glasses of water let alone smile.The other problem is it's price. We paid $25 for 3 sundaes.  The ice cream was good but this should not be a substitute for Baskin Robbins or Dairy Queen. It's better for an after dinner sit down place...provided of course that your waitress recognizes you are sitting down.
3	I am frightened for Dear old Mary Coyle.. while I love her ice cream ,  her shoppe is  getting way past  ye olde ice cream shoppe and heading for just old. Last night upon entering ,  I   dejavued to an old folks home , there is a strange smell in there that is creeping up on old person nasty. They  need a serious makeover and re freshen the whimsical nature that could be there. The ice cream parlor look needs up doing.. Could you imagine if they retro funked it up? How wonderful it could be.. think ice cream meets smeeks  meets willy wonka... ?  who do I call to make this happen?
5	I am shocked to see that this place does not have five stars. This place is amazing.I went there for the first time on Friday night with some friends. We drive up and we see a ton of pink on kitsch inside so we get excited. We walk in and it smells like an old-fashioned ice cream shop. We get even more excited. Yes the decor is a little run down but to me that adds to the charm of the place. I like places that feel lived-in.We sat down and opened the menu. Holy crap! 3 pages of different ice cream sundaes, bowls, and banana splits. Everything sounded SO good. The prices are a little high but the sundaes are big so you could share. Besides, you get what you pay for. Cheap ice cream tastes like cheap ice cream. This did not taste like cheap ice cream.We had just had dinner so we kept it simple and just got scoops of ice cream, no sundae concoctions. I got the vanilla caramel cinnamon and it was outstanding. The ice cream is so thick and creamy and the different flavors really came through. Boyfriend had strawberry and loved it and one friend got the cheesecake and it had huge chunks of cheesecake in it. Yum!Boyfriend and I liked it so much we got a small tub of vanilla to take home. Even their plain vanilla is tasty and after only two days it's almost all gone. In a way it's a bummer we don't live closer to Mary Coyle's and in a way it's a good thing because I left there wanting more delicious creamy goodness.
3	Upon moving to AZ I was shocked at how there is really no "scoop" ice cream places. Tons of DQ and soft serve, but besides the occassional Baskins Robbins that are in strange locations, there is no ice cream. When I heard about Mary Coyle, of course i was beyond excited to give it a try.My first impression was 2 thumbs up..from the outside it's everything an old fashioned shop should be. I was super excited.Going inside, meh-not so thrilled. let me break it down:1.The menu is adorable. Tons of choices and combinations. So taht's a plus for sure.2.The prices are RIDICULOUS. $8 and up for sundaes is just over inflated ego. Its just ice cream.I say it's just ice cream, because after eating it, I've had far better.3.The interior just looks old? It just looks like it's never been updated or cared for, so what should be fun, just looks dated in a not good way.4.My husband ordered the cookie thing that is supposed to take 10 minutes "a warm fresh baked cookie". Well guess what? It was a cold cookie, so it wasn't fresh baked at all, and to top it off, after he got to the bottom of the ice cream, there was a HAIR. A LONG one. OMG. Gag.the hair incident kind of did it for me. Would I not come back here? I can't say i wouldnt. the menu alone is so charming. Next time we'll ask for hairless ice cream.But $30 on 2 ice creams just seems crazy.
4	Its pretty expensive..  Everything's about 4 dollars minimum but the food is quality.  The flavors aren't very new and exciting, but you can tell the ingredients are quality and they don't skimp.  The texture is good quality.  Love the whole almonds in the rocky road!  :D
4	This place is great.  A nice little ole' fashion homemade ice cream place that looks like it has been there for forever.  The place has a real nice vibe to it.  Sorta reminds me of Sugar Bowl only smaller, not as busy, and easier parking.The menu is ginormous.  I couldn't decide what to get but that didn't matter because the other 3 people I went with chose for me.  I wanted something basic but they insisted on sharing the 'patte' thing.  It is a few scoops of ice cream over a brownie and topped with whip cream and caramel.  While it was very good it just wasn't what I wanted.  Next time I'm just going to get a scoop or 2 of the ice cream so I can really taste what the ice cream is all about.  It is just too difficult to tell when it is topped with a bunch of stuff.  The ice cream we got on the brownie though (butter brittle I think) was excellent.  They have tons of different flavors and they all sound delish!Anyway I can't wait to go back if I am ever in the area again and need a sugar rush!
3	We happened upon Mary Coyle because we were eating across the street and wanted ice cream for dessert...so we jay walked over to MC Ice Cream.  I gave Mary Coyle 3 stars for a few reasons. 1.) The ice cream was soft serve (good).2.) The atmosphere is really old school, makes you think of buddy holly for some reason. (good)3.) The ice cream (a 1 scoop cup) took about 5 mins to come out. (bad)4.) We sat outside and they locked the door at 9:45PM -- they close at 10PM -- so we couldn't even go inside to throw our cups away (bad)5.)  None of the employees greeted us when we went in ...not until we were at the counter for 5 mins (bad)
4	My folks went here when they were kids and they took me here all my life to. The ice cream is great. They have been in the vally since 1952, I believe and they had two other locations. The location they are in now is the newest one and the other two are no longer in buisness. They have lots of different toppings and ice cream combinations. The also have two huge ice cream platters. The Hill and the Mountain. The hill is 6 lbs of ice cream and the mountain is 8 lbs of ice cream. You pic the kinds of ice cream you want and the topping. Both are huge and both I have conqured. I went here for a few birthday partys when I was a kid and took them both down. Yeah yeah! Anyway the also have a few food items. The Coyl club is awsome. I get it on marble rye and it comes with ham, turkey, lettus, tomato, and cheese. Its a tripple decker and I get the potato salad wich is delicious to. They have a killer BLT which has 12 pices of bacon on it. OMG it so good. I have to say the food prices are good but the ice cream althou it is freakin delicious  it is a little pricey. I go here cause I grew up going here and I do love it so Ill pay the high price for the ice cream, I know i wont be disapointed.
4	What a great little old school, no frills place to get me some good ice cream. I had seen it for a few years, but never stopped in. Glad I finally did. I got a scoop of this vanilla, cinnamon and caramel swirl that was awesome! It was soft, perfectly spiced and tasted like an awesome snickerdoodle. Wifey got this sundae with a brownie, mint ice cream, hot fudge and chocolate chips. I do have to say for close to 9 bones, her dessert was overpriced. My big scoop in a bowl was $3.50, no complaints there. If your in the area and are looking for some good (16% butterfat!!!) ice cream, this is the place!
4	I am officially a junkie dammit, and I don't like it one bit. I have been twice in the past two days and am feeling terribly shameful about it. Although not too shameful to avoid the second trip! It used to be that I was thankful that the nearest Coldstone was approx 10 min away and enough to deter me from the inevitable bingeing. I have driven past Mary Coyle on numerous occasions as it is across the street from Hana and that wonderful drive-thru SBUX on the corner. My husband finally brought home a wonderful little sundae surprise: a sundae with vanilla ice cream mixed with white chocolate chips, topped with whipped cream, lots of cocount shavings, a ridiculous amount of almonds all on top of a brownie. I have never seen that many almonds on a sundae in my life. It was a wonderful little (or should I say large) treat. That was a month or so ago, and the last two days I have opted for mint chocolate chip ice cream, topped with whipped cream and hot fudge over a brownie (an ode to my favorite Mint Mint Chocolate Chocolate Chip at Coldstone). The prices for those sundaes are at least $8 and enough for two to eat. Pretty pricy as not alot of people are going to share. And anyone comes near me and my Mary Coyles sundae is gonna get whopped in the head with my plastic spoon. This place is definitely old school and has a drive-thru that kind of works. But that is part of the charm, right? I am hoping that this is my last trip to Mary Coyle's this week and now it's time to take my ass to the gym.
3	The ice cream was excellent! My hubby said it is one of the best ice cream he had! It was very creamy and rich, knowing they are home made. Not  many ice cream parlor still do this, usually it is commercial ice cream and they just  serve it, but Mary Coyle is different. The only thing that  is lack is the customer service, We asked for peanuts on the side, and they never came.  And my hubby did not want whipped cream on his and it came with it! So.... if you want to go for good ice cream,... this is the place, but for the customer service, be merciful ...:)
4	This is some bomb ass ice cream! I was raised on blue bell old fashioned vanilla ice cream and the home made sort that families would take to the park for a picnic. Mary Coyle was a nice surprise to say the least.The rocky road that I got was by far the best I'd ever had. My girl got the honey banana in a waffle cone and that one completely blew me away. For some reason, I thought the honey would be overwhelming but not so much-it was very subtle, in a smooth kinda way. After mowing down as much of mine as I could and then leaning over to grab a few bites of hers, I was literally stupefied....meaning, I could barely speak, much less uncross my eyes. I'm certain it'll be a long time before my girl stops laughing about my reaction but it will not be long before I make a return trip to Mary Coyle's.
5	Mary Coyle, I love your homemade ice cream, but we will love you even MORE if you start selling BLUE MOON ICE CREAM!!!!! I could name at least 50 Midwest transplants like myself (just off hand) who would beat your doors down to buy homemade Mary Coyle ice cream in Blue Moon Flavor!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I say we start a Mary Coyle Blue Moon Ice Cream Petition!!!!
2	Sorry, Mary Coyle, I am officially over you. I have been a few times since my last review and your portion sizes are too inconsistent with your prices. I have gotten either twice the amount or half the amount of sundae for approximately the same price over the last few times. Last night was the last straw. For a small scoop of mint choco chip ice cream over a brownie, some whipped cream, and hot fudge, I paid $8.47. I gave you two stars because the sundae tasted good but I am not willing to come back and pay those prices for something I can get a couple of dollars less down the street. See ya...
5	The BEST vanilla shake I have ever had....I dream about this thing..
5	This is thee place to indulge your sweet tooth. Great ice cream and ice cream creations from an establishment with deep roots and long pedigree in the ice cream biz.  Just can't be beat.
2	Not really impressed with their ice cream.  Have had better at Cold Stone and Swensens and for less money.  Would not go back again if I want ice cream. This was my first visit and I have lived in Phoenix 25 years and it will be my last.
4	Mary Coyle's is such a charming Ice Cream Parlor I had never heard of it before (I am originally not from the valley). My best friend took me here to experience the nirvana or their ice cream she spoke so highly of (and let me tell you she is quite the ice cream connoisseur). So we went and I LOVED the old fashion feel of the place, we had both lunch and ice cream there. Lunch was good but nothing to boast about, but their ice cream on the other hand... very delicious! We split our ice cream dish and ate every last bite of it! I had never heard of Mary Coyle's before but I am
5	Attention Fans! I just saw on AZ Central that Mary Coyle's has been hit by the economy downturn and looks to be closing in May. They are hoping to find a buyer, otherwise - it is lights out. They will be missed! So sad...
1	Let's get this straight. The ice cream was excellent. However, I had called to check the closing time and was told that it was 9pm. Although any information I could find on the internets said 10pm. OK, the internets are not always correct. My girlfriend and I walked up there and got there around 8pm. The sign on the door listed the closing time as 10pm. The front door was locked. We could see people entering through the back and enjoying ice cream inside so went around the back. A sign in marker was on the door saying that the food kitchen was closed and all we could get was ice cream. That was fine as that was all we desired.We entered and went to the hostess stand/'Please wait to be seated' sign. A staff member dressed in pink shirt came up and asked if we wished to be seated. We said yes and she grabbed some menus. There were many booths available. However, she led us to a half booth with ridiculously uncomfortable chairs on one side. I asked about sitting in the open booths and she explained that since they close at 9pm that section was closed. She gave us the menus and we seated ourselves on one side of the booth so as not to have to sit on the uncomfortable wire chairs. The menu stated clearly that closing time was 10pm.A waitress in a gray shirt came by and was very helpful as the menu is complicated, apparently dips are scoops (I thought dips were the liquid that went on the cone, that's a different place though), she explained the menu and then came back to take our order after a delay that was longer than I'd expect, they were busy though. During the interim I took a look around and noted that the 'open' seating area had filled. Now people were indeed being seated in the 'closed' area. The staff members seemed to be arrayed in pink, gray, and black (for the kitchen staff) except for one guy who seemed to be assisting in a flannel shirt and jeans. The customer seated behind me noted that he had received his sundae in a Styrofoam cup and that he remembered having them in glass previously. I did not know what he ordered. I knew that my single scoop with two toppings was costing $5.50, a Styrofoam cup would be insulting. Low and behold, our sundaes were delivered to the table in Styrofoam. The pictures I have seen also show glassware. This was very disappointing. I am not sure if the staff had simply decided to close early for the evening or if there was some kind of issue with the dishwasher...I don't know (and we were told nothing except closing time was 9pm) what was going on. The only thing I am sure of is that no matter how great the ice cream is, it is important to run a tight ship. I am not sure if there was a manager there, if there was they should be fired.  The night was 3/9/11. The ice cream was excellent.
5	One of the best places for Ice cream and the environment is awesome nice old school feel. Very heart broken they are closing May 31st 2011
4	The kid had a great day at school, so it seemed an opportune time to hit Mary Colye's before it closes next month.  Being new(er) to Phoenix, we knew nothing of it until a few weeks ago.  So sad that they're closing, especially after our experience tonight!  The service was good, the ice cream to die for.  *sigh*  We'll have to stock up before their doors close!
4	I'm a native to Phoenix, so I can't remember a time that MC's wasn't there. My earliest memories of the place are from when it was down on Thomas Road. In fact, my memories are so tightly interwoven with my experiences of MC that I may not be able to give a wholly objective review (but then come on... what review is every purely objective??).My mom took me here the first time. It was one of those rare times that I had her all to myself. As we made our way in to the main seating area, I was pulled along by the signature pink striped wall paper. The portrait of MC herself, overseeing all that went on. My mom had told me that when she was a young girl that her favorite treat had been an old fashioned Cherry Soda with a float of vanilla... so of course that's what we shared. I wanted to experience what she had, so many years ago. When the drink was placed before us, Don Mclean's "American Pie" was wafting through the air and in that single moment I became a life-long fan.Many things have changed since that first visit; owners, locations, etc., but one thing has stayed the same - MC's has been a part of our memories, our celebrations, our families, our history for over sixty years. I read a few weeks ago that unless something changes, MC's will close its doors in May 2011. For me that is something that should offer pause to everyone. It should be painful when we lose someplace that has been an institution to the trendy and chain.I will be eating a lot of MC over the next few weeks... and not just the ice cream. The walnutty chicken salad is unparalleled, the just a little smokey ham salad (which I don't think is even served anywhere else in Phoenix), the not so full mixed salad with one scoop of everything wonderful, the house made chili. Toss in a couple of Green River's, Cherry Sodas, Hot Tin Roofs, or Cashew Achoos with mom and dad, and hopefully I will imprint enough memories to get me through a lifetime.I for one will miss Mary Coyle's.
1	I went to Mary Coyle's for the first time a little over a week ago. I had high hope for it since the people who had recommended it said it was great.I, however, was extremely disappointed.I walked into a hallway that was dingy looking (most old fashioned places are but this was more than usual) and I was very confused where to order to-go. There wasn't any room for those waiting for their orders, those ordering, and those coming in and out to sit down, to pass by comfortably in the hallway.After about 5-10 minutes someone finally came to help me (I was the only one in line) and the transaction was fast but there was no menu or anything which was fine because I knew what I wanted, I only wish I could see prices and flavors.It took them around 20 minutes to serve me a chocolate shake....I returned to my car and tried my shake only to find i was sipping soupy chocolate syrup that tasted fainty of dust and a large scoop of vanilla ice cream. I would have taken it back but I really wasn't interested in standing in that hallway for another 20 minutes just to get another bad "shake". Once I could stop and try the ice cream, it wasn't too bad. Not worth $7 though.
4	So next month Mary Coyle's is closing. Another Phoenix landmark is fading away. Like so many other's, Legend City, Harkins movie theater (24th & Camelback) Toy Cottage and so many more. I wish my grandchildren had them to go too as I did. We slowly lose our identity of where we came from. Thank You Mary Coyle' for always providing great ice cream, family centered fun and great service. You will be greatly missed!
4	I heard this place was on its way out, so we decided to stop by today and check it out.  Is there a better mid afternoon snack than ice cream anyways?  If there is something better, please let me know :-).I read their menu online the other day and decided what I wanted already before I even got there.  My wife and I walked in and were greeted by a nice lady, took a seat, and she brought out some glasses of ice water.  Nice touch!  This place SCREAMS old school ice cream parlor.  Pink and white walls, old school booths and chairs...there arent places like this left anymore and thats a damn shame.I got a "Suicide".  Its 3 scoops of ice cream topped with hot fudge, caramel topping, whipped cream a cherry and some amazing toasted nuts....pecans, almonds and cashews.  This thing came in a huge glass.  It was super tasty.  The only thing wrong with it was that near the bottom, some of the ice cream had chunks/flakes of actual ice in it.  Maybe that flavor was old and stale?  Other than that, the flavors were great and those toasted nuts made the whole thing!  Big Lebowski quote...."The rug really tied the room together".  Well on this sundae, the nuts really tied the ice cream together. They were absolutely the greatest nuts I have ever had on an ice cream sundae.   My wife got a brownie sundae with pecan/toffee ice cream and hers was topped with the toasted pecans.  I had a couple of bites of hers and it was delicious too.  Total damage after tip was $21 bucks.  A tad steep for some afternoon ice cream, but it was delicious and the memory of sitting down in the cool, old school shop was priceless.  Im glad I got here before it closes its doors for good.
4	This is it, the last weekend ever to get some Mary Coyl's home made ice cream.
4	48 hours before they were to close their doors after 60 years, a long time patron has purchased MCs!They will be shutting down for a couple of weeks for a much needed redo, but he will be back in business before the end of June 2011.  : )Lavender Blue Dilly Dilly lives on!!!
4	Oh, the old days of ice cream parlors is alive and well here at Mary's. The large booths fit our entire family and some weird concoctions of ice cream and flavors were ordered by the kids.My sister likes to load up her kids on sugar and this place does not disappoint. I had a simple sundae and was very happy with the toppings and sauce.During the Christmas holiday there is a massive display of cotton and figurines.Looking forward to visiting again the next holiday I am in town.Kind of sad that there are all these little islands of success surrounded by vacant lots of abysmal failures.
4	Mary Coyle's IS staying open under new management. The ice cream is still great. However that's all the do and they don't have as large a selection of flavors.
4	People, you must go here!!  They are still open, under new management and revamping.  This is the best ice cream I've had in Phoenix.  It's a historical treasure and we as a community need to support these little local treasures.  Delicious, creamy ice cream and sundaes. I usually get the Turtle and the Hare...that's just how I roll  :)  Looking foward to many more trips here to see their progress as they transition.
4	Their chocolate mint and strawberry flavors are my favorites!Bring a camera--this place has plenty of photo ops!
3	I have not been here since late May when they informed their customers that they will be shutting down. I am glad to hear that they are staying open and making some renovations, because it sure needed it. Don't get me wrong . . . I love the old ice cream parlor feel but you have to admit the ambiance could use some work and still not lose it's old fashion feel. The ice cream is super yummy and I love their flavors; however, they only earn 3 stars from me due to 2 reasons, poor service and cookie. Cookie? Yes. One time we ordered the ice cream and cookie and it was such an unpleasant experience. The cookie they served us was so rock hard that even the ice cream melting on top did not soften this blow. It was suppose to be a soft baked cookie and serve your choice of ice cream on top. I know you are thinking well it's an ice cream shop and not a bakery; however, even if they use store bought cookies, you have to at least throw away the stale and tasteless ones. Secondly the service has been ridiculously slow the past 3 times I was there. There are always more than enough wait staff, but they seem to like standing behind the counter or in the back laughing with their co-workers. I am not sure why two scoops of ice cream should take 15 minutes. All that being said, the ice cream is delicious and due to lack of any good ice cream shops in the area, I will come back to try other flavors.
5	Awesome ice cream!  They had such an extensive menu and it was delicious. Come hungry!
5	We went to Mary Coyle's for ice cream last night and holy cow...this place looks SOOOOO much better than it did before. I couldn't believe it! The menu still looks to be the same but isn't all torn up and written over like before. The decor is super cute---stripped pink and white walls with black accents. The waitstaff is dressed straight out of a 50's diner. Ice cream still delicious! I wish they would of done something different to the outside when they changed owners because the lattice on the outside looks uninviting but I promise it is worth going into!
1	Sadly,  we had a horrible experience there tonight.Let me start with some background:  I am a Phoenix native and have been to Mary Coyle's more times than I can count.  My sister worked there many moons ago and I live mere blocks away from the store.   I desperately want this to be a successful venture for the new owner and most of all I want a great go-to spot for my husband and my kids (grandparents, aunts, uncles, etc.). I have a fantasy that this place turns into a great joint to bring clients for lunch and a solid place for food and ice cream.Tonight, I went with kids.  Me and three kids to celebrate my daughter's birthday.  What could be better?  I wasn't looking forward to the dinner menu but I was hopeful that the new ownership had improved the mediocre food and the time we spent having dinner would pass without incident to get us to the main event:  ICE CREAM!!!Here's what happened:  We were ignored for about 15-20 minutes before anyone came to our table.  At that time there were only two other tables with customers in the entire restaurant.  Drink orders were taken, crayons requested.  Drinks came two by two, crayons requested again and finally arrived.  Dinner order taken another 10-15 minutes later  and then dinner arrived.  The kids dinner of hot dogs all around (1/2 of a dog/kid) were well received though they could have stood an entire hotdog.  I ordered Chili.  The chili didn't taste bad but it unfortunately it didn't ,actually, taste at all.  The kids ate their food pretty quickly and I finished my 6 bites of chili (all I could do)  and was ready for the ice cream order.  110 minutes after we arrived we got up and went to the register where our server and the manger were stationed.  No one had come to our table to ask how our food was, to refill our beverages, to clear our table, to take our ice cream order or to even walk past.  My kids went to the ice cream during this time and got samples of the flavors and had decided what they wanted to order.  We waited and waited and waited.  I called out a polite "excuse me" to no avail as our server walked by.  Finally from our booth I called a nearby ice cream shop to see if they had a wait.  I was told they didn't and I gathered my kids and went to the register to leave.  I said to my server:  "you never came back to my table, you never came back"  "we sat and sat and you never came to our table" she said to me:  "your total is $21.??".  That was it.  That was my evening out to celebrate my daughter's August birthday at my neighborhood joint with her brother and her best friend.  I'm stunned.  I want this to be a great place but I would settle for a good place.  I hope that one day it is that place but it will take some time for the bad taste in my mouth to go away.
4	Phoenix needs Mary Coyle and Sugar Bowl because, if anything, they serve as a tasty time capsule to another time.  It also helps that Mary makes the best raspberry shakes this side of Bear Lake, Utah.
3	Ignore the stars, just needed to say that the place was miraculously saved at the zero hour with a new owner. Unfortunately, we haven't been on this side of town lately to check out how it is doing.
3	The food here is a little bland, and the service took a longer than I expected, considering there were only two other tables. Ice cream is good though.
3	This is a cute ice cream parlor where the waitress are in those poodle dress. The place is decorated with the 70s style with black strip booth and wall are pink stripes. I'm not a fan of sweet dessert so we order non-fat chocolate/vanilla yogurt and raspberry sorbet. I really like the raspberry sorbet. The yogurt don't really stand out as any different than fast-food yogurt. I didn't pay for the bill, but I believe it's about $3 per scoop. The menu also have a wide variety of different ice cream flavor and also lunch menu such as sandwiches. This place could be a good place to hang out if you and your friends suddenly in a mood for some ice cream and just want to sit and chit chat. Oh yeh, they also have a drive thru.
4	This place is adorable!  Very pink:)  When you walk in it's like a time travel back in to the 50's.  They have a large selection of ice cream flavors, some sugar free, one sorbet, and a few sherbets.  They have a full menu of different house specialties, sundaes, shakes/malts, ice cream flights (available in 3,4, or 5), and so on.  Seems like it would be a great place for a birthday party.  They also make ice cream cakes (need to be ordered ahead of time)! We will continue to come back!
2	Great ice cream, but when they sell a sundae for $6.99, they should at least put 3 full scoops in the dish. (as advertised on the menu)  I ordered a "take-out" sundae that was served in styrofoam drink cup - it had 2 very small scoops of ice cream, and a small dollop of hot fudge.  I was disappointed.  I'll give them another try, just because I like that they're trying to restore an old Phoenix tradition.  However, they need to "measure up" and get a little more realistic with what they serve.
5	Wow! New management and it shows. It has the same charm it always has...but spiffier!!  A little cleaner, a little more updated/yet authentic....  The biggest change?  The service was STELLAR!  Totally on top I ever table and super, super nice & friendly.
4	Came here after a fine meal at Hana(it's right across the street) since onemember of our party was not keen on Japanesedesserts that night. I've been to Mary Coyle'sbefore - light years ago but it was in a different location if I'm not mistaken.The entrance, oddly enough, was in the back.There was an antique car parked in the parkinglot so that sort of set the mood for the timetunnel we were about to set foot through whenwe opened the door to Mary Coyle's. The placewas packed. Luckily one group had just got upto leave so we had a booth in the corner thatour very chipper waitress directed us to. Clientele seemed like they could have all beenMayberry residents which added to that time warpeffect.    Menu is decent - you can come here for afull meal and not just ice cream. We all wentfor individual ice cream bowls. Something foreveryone - they even have sugar free flavors(vanilla and amaretto). Service was very good.The whole ice cream shoppe atmosphere has gonethe way of drive-ins so if nothing else, justto experience this in 2012 was a nice treat.
5	I had been craving ice cream. But not just any ice cream, or "cold stone" from near our house, but the real stuff. So I yelped what was good. I read Mary Coyle's was amazing. So we went, made the 20 minute drive and it was amazing!! I had not had ice cream like this in several years!! It is really cute inside, the style and the colors. I decided that next birthday or my dinner with bridesmaids woule be here. I willd efinitely be back!
3	So I had been told by a couple of my employees that this was the place to go in Phoenix for truly great Ice Cream. I decided to try this place out a couple of weeks ago to see if indeed that was a true statement. Well as it turns out it was and it wasn't....LOL. When the wife and I arrived at the location I was surprised to see that it had a drive-thru and served food as well. Most establishments I have been to like this don't really sell food they just concentrate on selling Ice Cream.The establishment is very quaint.....clean.....and bright. The Customer Service is pretty good.....but they could check on you a little more often especially when your spending 13.00 on Ice Cream.....that's right 13 bucks. I decided to have to have the banana split with 3 scoops and my wife had a glass of Raspberry Sorbet.....no food...no drinks....13 bucks.Now I didn't really mind spending the money but the Ice Cream was just average to me and the only Sorbet they served was Raspberry which was highly unusual because again most establishments I have been to like this one.... at least sell Orange or Lemon Sorbet. Now I must mention I am a FROYO fan myself and pretty much for the last decade that is mostly what I have been eating for a sweet treat. My taste for Ice Cream may have diminished a bit over the years but even with that being said...... the Ice Cream again was just "AVERAGE".So I may get back there again in the future because I am interested in the hot fudge Sundaes......but I don't know when that will be. However if your in the neighborhood and you need a sweet treat this may be your spot....until then....Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
5	Nice place with friendly service, and of course, great ice cream.  I visited for the first time recently, and the general manager was there.  He was very friendly and was walking around, chatting with customers.  We had a great time talking to him and learning more about the place.  I highly recommend the honey-banana ice cream!
2	On a hot night a couple weeks ago the hubs and I decided that ice cream sounded like a great way to cool off and so we decided to give Mary Coyle's a try.  The service was good - our waitress was super friendly and attentive.  The ice cream however, left a lot to be desired. Now, I don't need crazy organic, natural, churned by hand, hipster ice cream that comes in all sorts of artsy flavors.  I'm perfectly happy with regular old ice cream (we got chocolate and mint chocolate chip).  But I'm not into super sugary, artificially colored and flavored, modified dairy product.  And I like my waffle cones crisp and crunchy not soft and chewy.  While I was hoping this place might remind me a bit of Aglamesis (my favorite old school ice cream parlor in Cincinnati), sadly it did not.  They do certainly try and they provide service with a simile but they need to work on the quality of their product.
4	I've been coming here since I was a little kid, through all the location moves...so glad Mary Coyle's is still in business. No, it's not the same as when I was younger since they have new ownership, but the ice cream is still delicious. I remember when my brother and I were little, we would always get pippen Cookie Mans with my dad. Great memories. These days I opt for a Hula Bowl (sooo good if you love pineapple, cherry, and/or maple nut...their maple nut ice cream is something else!) or the Cherry Snow. The waitresses have always been very pleasant and attentive. I love this place, I hope they are around for a very long time!
2	Decided to run through the drive thru....first mistake.  The poor girl working the window was unfamiliar with the menu.  After she finally handed the menu to me, I was able to point to what I wanted.  Ordered.  Was asked to pull ahead.  After a wait...it finally came. Drove off....time to head home....with shear anticipation.  On the drive home I could smell onion rings.  Unable to figure out what it was...until I got home.  It was my bag of ice cream.  The bag and all of the containers smelled of grease.  And...the flavor came through to the ice cream.  No bueno!What was salvageable of the ice cream was so icky sweet.  Had to stop, for fear of a diabetic coma.  And quickly down water.  Meh...never again.
5	The ice cream is delicious and the new owner is usually in the restaurant when we go.  I have been coming to Mary Coyles since childhood and love that I can now take my kids to the same great stop!  The Sweet Molar is out of this world!
4	I'm so torn as I write this review.  The atmosphere and service is unparalleled. The sweetest, cutest servers with really excellent attitudes make me want to come back, and the '50s style motif is very cool. The manager came over to see how we were doing and he was very interested to know if we were happy with everything. But...I wasn't totally satisfied. The ice cream was great - nice and creamy and real.  We split the pippen Jolly Green Giant and when it came out we were a bit underwhelmed. They made it seem to grandiose, and it was just...eh. Regular mint choco chip ice cream with some mini choco chips sprinkled on top. My mom had the Cafe Ole and loved it. My papa had a sundae with caramel sauce and loved it. It did seem a bit overpriced, but the experience was worth it.
4	I went here on Saturday with my 2 rug rats, the baby, and the husband.  I hadn't been to Mary Coyle's since I was a kid and it was still in its original location on Thomas Road.   I was please to see they still had the mountain of ice cream that I fondly remembered from my childhood, but at the $75 price tag, there was no way MY kids were gonna get to repeat my same memory.  And while I know it wasn't $75 back then (inflation being what it is, and all) I'm still trying to figure out how my mom and dad, who were perpetually broke, swung the undoubtedly high cost back then...?Anyway, I digress.  The pink and white decor was cute, but it seemed a tiny bit dingy around the edges in some places.  Example: The tables had very cute, colorful Gerbera daisy arrangements, but the glass vases weren't exactly sparkling clean...  The waitress' pink skirt had stains on it that I immediately noticed...needed washing.  That kind of thing.Our waitress was very sweet, and quite attentive.  She gave us grownups pink paper menus and the kids got kiddie menus with crayons.  Paper menus normally don't bother me, but these adults menus were a bit wrinkled and I'm of the school of thought that if you are using paper menus you need to toss them out as soon as they show ANY wear.  They need to be crisp and smart looking.  You may save a nickle in printing costs, but it looks cheap overall.So the food was delicious, I got a half soup and sandwich plate; my potato soup was fabulous (big chucks of perfectly cooked potatoes, green onion, bacon and cheddar cheese) and my Reuben sandwich was quite tasty, although a bit too 'saucey' and messy.  The kids each respectively had a hot dog and macaroni and cheese with a side of Poore Brother's Potato Chips, they ate all of it.  My husband had a French dip sub and ate the whole thing.   To finish our food we ordered the 9 scoop banana split, and the waitress had no issue with our request to substitute a couple of scoops of coffee ice cream in place of the vanilla.   (The boys had their little hearts set on trying the coffee ice cream!) The ice cream was fabulous.  Just the perfect combination of sweet and creamy, with whipped cream, a cherry, fresh strawberry, pineapple and hot fudge toppings and roasted, chopped nuts (served on the side).I was very pleased with this late lunch.  I will come back for sure, I do have a couple of small suggestions for the management though.-Please toss out the paper menus more frequently.-Do not reuse the disposable, plastic kids cups.  (My 6 year old received one that looked like it'd seen a few different meals and it was creepy.  Maybe it was just scratched up from being slipped inside another cup, maybe, but it looked like it was used.)-The fluorescent lighting in the ladies room is horrendous.  It makes the ladies appear green and sickly when they stand under it and adjust their make up in the mirror.  This leaves us with an unpleasant feeling that makes you want to get out of the rest room as quick as possible.  Maybe that needs to be softened with an incandescent bulb, or dual vanity lights on either side of the mirror?-The security camera glaring down at people in the dining room is a bit unsettling.  Is your location really that dangerous that you feel the need for such a conspicuous video camera?  I bet you can conceal that in a corner someplace and make the place seem more inviting overall.Thanks for a great family lunch!
5	Since I'm now a Yelper, I have to give a shout out to my favorite Ice Cream in the world.  My kids absolutely LOVE it too! And I get to finish what they don't eat!Check out Mary Coyle's if you have ice cream craving attacks like me!!  They got me hooked ever since I was a kid.And don't be scared to try the Pistachio.  It's to die for!
4	Like so many others have mentioned, I have great memories of coming to Mary Cole's as a young child. My family often gathered there for birthdays and special events. In fact, I'm told that I was even brought there for my very first birthday though I don't remember that visit. We most recently visited on Dec. 19th - my birthday.  We had a large party (10), and we all fit in one large booth. The waitress was super nice, let us split the bill 5 ways , and got all the orders right. Loved my peppermint chip pippin. My only complaint was that the server did not check back up on us enough. I had also ordered a Diet Coke, but my glass remained empty for quite a few minutes before we could flag her down to get me a refill.   Other than that, all else was terrific. Love the old school 50s soda fountain feel too. Makes the place really unique.
5	one of our favorite old style ice cream parlors
4	Good selection, little pricy. Good place for a special occasion. LOTS of children. Parking in back.
4	Look, don't try and count any calories here, you'll simply just be wasting time that could better be spent savoring one of lifes best & most plesureable sins!!! Thank God it's right here in good'Ol Phx, Az. If you like and I mean LOVE, high fat rich & creamy ice cream churned to order? Then run don't walk, a speeding ticket may be worth it for one of those super malts w/the harder little scoup at the bottom of the cup!!! OR even one of those pints 2-GO!!! Be right back....time for an Ice cream break!
4	After spending some time at the Book Fair, I wanted to stop off at this ice cream shoppe. All I knew, it was on 7th avenue. We stopped in and the place was busy. Ordered a Root Beer float and my wife ordered a sundae.The server was very friendly and polite; checking on us to see if we needed more water or something else.The ice cream was really fresh and the root beer was fizzing to the last slurp. My wife had the sundae and the peanuts they used really added that extra touch.
5	My kids absolutely love to go to Mary Coyle, my aunt takes them there quite often.I had the pleasure to visit with them a few months back and it was delicious. I can see why they get excited.I had the Almond Joy sundae and I am glad I order the small one, because it was still huge! Very rich and creamy ice cream, ask for water to help cleanse your pallet.They have a great selection of ice creams and sundaes, if you cannot find something to appease your ice cream craving here, you just aren't trying.The decor is a lot of fun too, old school soda shop atmosphere and surprisingly enough they do birthday parties here. Very cool (no pun intended).Did I mention they have an ice cream dish called "The Mountain"? This is supposed to feed 10 people. Dear Food Network...specifically Man Vs. Food....Mary Coyle just called you out!Certainly make time to stop by this gem of the Phoenix Valley. I will be a repeat customer.
5	my bff sandy brought me here for passing my last test in nursing school ever yay!! I love ice cream parlors! this place was yummy and ice cream was extra creamy the homemade peanuts that were freshly crushed was the over the top goodness for me! Will definitely be back a gem in az!
5	I have lived in Phoenix for 19 years now and have never been to Mary Coyle's. What a pity! I have long wanted to visit but just never got around to getting there. I realize that they are under new ownership, so it may be different than it was before. No matter to me. The service was friendly and efficient and the ice cream was absolutely wonderful. Great ice cream, delicious hot fudge, and fun. What more can you ask for??
5	what a great olde fashioned ice cream parlor!! brought me back to my childhood!!   fantastic ice cream   service was great   looking forward to having some sliders next time!!   great spot  why didnt I come sooner!!??
4	What a fun place! It's as if you are traveling back in time to a real old fashioned ice cream parlor!Even the servers have these ol' fashioned uniforms!  There are so many flavors...too many to choose from!  I chose to have a flight of ice cream and tried 5 different flavors.  My favorite was the peanut butter with giant chunks of peanut butter!  MMMM  Pistachio was to die for!  I can't wait to go back and try a few other flavors!  Friendly, fun environment!
3	SO GOOD IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD!! Wait, that is another place haha. I am only giving it 3 stars because YES, the ice cream is delish!! My favorite is the BERRY BERRY SUNDAY, which has pineapple chucks (Yes, I am a tropical girl) and I have 2 or 3 scoops always, but it is so overpriced!!! =( I'd recommend this place for once in a while, but if you are on a budget like me or have kids to take out for ice cream, this is not the place yo'd like to hit too often. However, I think it would be a nice for an after dinner dessert thing on a first date! Awwee =)
2	Slow service and overpriced ice cream. I would come for the retro feel if they were more productive. Skip it and go to Churn.
5	Hadn't been here in a while. Place has been remodeled and is very clean. Andrea was the perfect person to have wait on us. She seemed to really enjoy working there. Had the Special, grilled cheese sandwich with a side and a sundae for $7.95. Everything was good. The ice cream is made on the premises, and they have special flavors, like Licorice. Peach will be available in July & August. Kids 10 & under eat free Tues and Thurs 4pm - 8pm.
5	The best ice cream ever
1	Disappointing.. I had out of town guests visiting, and we wanted some ice cream after our dinner. We were in the general area, and I had heard so many good things about Mary Coyles, that I suggested we try it out. My friends were impressed with the appearance of the place when we got there. It was about 815pm on Sunday night. The place was reasonably busy. After looking at the menues, We decided on a "Peak" which was listed as three flavors of ice cream with three different sauces for each scoop, and a simple sundae of Peppermint Bark Icecream with hot fudge. After waiting quite a while, our ice cream arrived. First shock--the Peak came in a tumbler, not in a boat or bowl. so it was three scoops of icecream (all different flavors) on top of one another, with the sauces all mixed in. To make matters worse, it was melted, so more like a milkshake instead of sundae. My peppermint bark sundae was also melted and mushy.  The three of us ate maybe half of the sundaes. When the waitress came around to check on us, we let her know that we were disapointed in both the presentation of the Peak, and the fact that both items were melty and runny. She offered to have them remade, but by this time, we just wanted to leave. She presented the bill with a 10% discount.. Woopty doo...No visit from a manager, no offer to take care of us next time... just a "here is your $1.25 off". So we ended up paying something like $12 for two runny, melted dishes (glasses really) of ice cream.
5	I love this place when I'm living in phoenix for school. They seriously have the most delicious selection of ice cream flavors. I think my favorite is their banana ice cream; it tastes so fresh! I have also had some of their sandwiches. Nothing too fancy, but hey, it's an ice cream place, not a sandwich place. Overall, if you want to have something to eat there other than ice cream, I def. recommend the chilli; so bomb. Love it!
4	First time here.   Cute old fashion place where the girls all dress up like they are from the 50's.  The ice cream was good - and reasonably priced.  I would definitely come back again, as they are also open late on weekends. I'd rather eat here than at Churn.
3	This place has been around since before I was (which I suppose isn't saying all that much) and I hadn't been there in a good 6 years or so and it has really gone through some interior changes.  They ditched the pink cracking vinyl booths and replaced them with much nicer black leather-like ones, they made the front where they used to have the ice cream to show (like they do at a Baskin Robbins) into a counter where they have the old time stools with a nice countertop.The one thing I didnt get was the indoor awning.  It was nice and in good condition, but made the area on outside of it darker and thats where customers would be.  Looked nice all the same, but was kind of weird.The waitress was very nice and informative as I took a first timer there, she had a few questions about the menu.The ice cream was delicious in both a waffle bowl and in shake form.  Service was good, prompt, and our waitress had a great attitude.The pricing was a little on the high side for what it was, but all the same, good ambiance, quality, and taste.A "must try" at least once in my book.
3	I really like cookies and cream here but other than that was a normal ice cream to me. They have a huge selection of ice creams sometimes I get overwhelmed choosing the flavors.
5	Great for kids, friendly servers and cute old-time decor.  Met the owner in the parking lot one Sunday and he was a gem.  Love the chocolate peanut butter ice cream.
2	I had a waffle cone with a scoop of peanut butter cup and a scoop of rocky road. The ice cream wasn't great; the flavors seemed off, and the texture was grainy. The cone was flavorless and fell apart before I finished the first scoop. For the price, it didn't really seem worth it.
3	It's an ice cream place. Its the old fashion type plae where you go and expect them to have a choral song break out at random.  That doesn't happen sadly, maybe if they did i'd give them five stars! ha!Food here...didn't try it, only had the ice cream. After seeing other people's dishes i would not order food here, doesn't look that amazing or good.
1	Used to like this place ok, but I'll never go back.  Same surly waitress barking out that "this isn't McDonalds"  "this isn't fast food"Then get rid of the drive-thru.  Hire another cook or two.Some in our group didn't get food (before ice cream could even come out) for an hour and a half. That's an hour and a half for mac n cheese and chicken fingers. Hungry kids screaming and running around for an hour and a half = nightmare. How 'bout this? if you don't like kids (they really seem like they don't) and serving the food items, remove the kids eat free thing and put the money towards some staffing issues.I still tipped the disgruntled waitress.  But, never again.
4	Ice cream was so good - hard to find good chocolate chip ice cream, it's good here and the waffle bowl was perfect Also really good coffee !Really nice waitress
4	Looked everywhere for a normal ice cream sundae.  This place had it with amazing flavors.  The waitresses were nice and very prompt service.  Definetely coming back!
4	It's official, my whole family says 4 stars it is!  Now, in all fairness we only had ice cream here, but it was delectable & we had a fun time.  This was our first time ever here but the place looked refreshing and clean - quaint and nostalgic.  The whole experience seemed a tribute to a more simple and family oriented time in our nation's history.  I thought of how it must have been back in the "good old days" when soda fountains and ice cream parlors were a staple in America's lifestyle.There was a wide range of choices for ice creams and sundaes, including various sizes, which I thought was a great option.My husband wanted an authentic chocolate malt (not the custard type you seem to find everywhere now) and this hit the spot for him on his birthday.The prices are a bit on the high side, but overall it was worth it and, let's face it, this is a splurge that most people don't do very often.The service was really friendly and everything came out just right - thanks Mary Coyle!
2	Order accuracy!!! Hot fudge Sundaes are not made with mint chocolate chip ice cream, idiots. Third time that the drive through window has completely screwed up our order. Never again
1	This place has REALLY gone downhill in the last couple of years. I used to love coming here--hosted my 25th birthday here with a group of friends in 2008--but probably won't ever go back. Recently, I tried the chicken tenders and they literally were gigantic McDonald's-style pieces of reconstituted, processed chicken. As someone who loves fried meat and junk food...these just were nasty. Then I tried the ice cream--ordered a single scoop of rocky road to go. I actually dumped half of my serving in the bushes on the way out because it was so bad. Chalky, artificial, not the rich chocolate it should be. Painful. I finished it because I don't like to waste food, but it really was awful. My friend got a root-beer float to go, and it literally took almost 15 minutes to make. Sorry Mary Coyle! I used to love you!
4	Traditional ice cream favorites prepared the way I like them. I didn't come here for health food!
4	Disclaimer:  I love "retro" places; it makes my overall experience better.I stopped by to get my yearly fix for ice cream.  I really don't seek it out or have too much of a sweet tooth, but when the mood strikes....I ordered a scoop of chocolate and a scoop of butter pecan.  Both were excellent.  The butter pecan is incredibly creamy.  Do you know how you put some ice cream on a spoon and take several runs at it, taking off a layer at a time?  It was so creamy that when I did that, the ice cream would form a little tail off the spoon that would hang over the edge.  I've never had ice cream like that before.I didn't try the food, no comment there.  The waitresses are super friendly.One recommendation that I'd make would be to have a counter.  I was just there to get some ice cream but you have to go through the restaurant experience of waiting to be seated, getting a booth, reading a menu, etc.  I was mostly looking for a quick in and out.Also, as some people noted, it's not cheap.  My two scoops totaled $4.28, and with waitress service I ended up leaving $6 to cover a tip.  It's not a place that you go to weekly but if you want a fun experience with the family every now and then it hits the spot.
5	My favorite Ice cream shop!! This is mine and my husbands typical date night stop. I love the atmosphere in the shop. It is very true to its retro vibe. The servers are great and remember us every time we visit and they are just as sweet as the ice cream. The ice cream is amazing. I always order their Mint chocolate Chip and bubblegum ice cream with sprinkles in a waffle bowl. Huge portions and cheaper then coldstone with more flavors to choose from. Their pumpkin pie ice cream is amazing it makes me wish it wasn't seasonal. We've only eaten their food once but it was so tasty for diner food. I got the potato soup with a chicken salad sandwich and it was delicious. My husband got a french dip and compared it to my grandmas (That's impressive) You can definitely tell everything is made from scratch
2	Disappointing....we brought our kids in with another family on a Tuesday night.  We sat outside and the weather was nice.  It wasn't very busy, but for some reason our food took almost an hour I come and when it did, it was good but that might also be because I was starving.  I frankly expected more at least in service, the waitress was nice but we had to ask for more water, and just felt like we go forgotten.  Not sure if I will be in a hurry to come back...
5	I thought Churn and Cold Stone were good,this place blows them out of the water. The ice cream is so good I can't even describe the experience. From the first bite you know you're having a top notch made dessert. Its a little odd going to a sit down place for dessert, but what the heck, it's so worth it.
4	Delicious. Old fashion feel and beyond great service. We will be going back! The ice cream is very delicious. Hard to pick a favorite!
3	They do have lots of flavors to chose from, but the prices are extremely high for ice cream. I was expecting to be wowed with the prices and I wasn't.
5	Anyone who remembers as far back as my age would announce, knows that ice cream parlors are hard to come by. This one dates back to the 50's in a GREAT WAY. It's exactly what you would want in an ice cream shop. Even the waitresses appear to be a throwback to a time before they were even born (young girls wearing poodle skirts). I loved my time here and the ice cream is probably as great as the day they opened. You  can even order the option of one that serves the whole table. And why not have a party here as well? My hot fudge sundae was glorious and next time I might have to go with the larger size.
4	This is the place we like to take the kids for dessert on special occasions. The ice cream is awesome, but I refuse to be pushed into buying too much ice cream for one sitting just because I'm afraid of being called a "coward" (their term for only one scoop). Instead, I get the "regular" (three scoop size) because I'm a glutton and can't resist their frozen deliciousness.
4	So I finally got the chance to try out this place, drove by couple of times and had friends said it was really good and they been coming here since kid. It was a hot Sunday afternoon in Phoenix so me and a friend was thinking what's better things to do than get some ice cream.. This place definitely be here awhile and you can tell, as we walking in we were greeted and was seated down. The place have a 60s look to it and it was quite unique, even the employees dress according to and compliment to the store. All I wanted was some ice cream and was the reason I came here, I got the 3 dip homemade waffle bowl with mint chocolate chip, cookie and cream, and caramel pecan. I got to say this was one of the best ice cream I have tasted in a long time. Plus I didn't know 3 dip and each dip was two scoop. It was very felling. The employee was very attentive and nice. The price for ice cream was really good for the amount. I am very please with it. I am looking forward to come back and see what else they got. One thing that caught my eyes was like a bucket of ice cream that was over $100, sounded very interesting. But man who could eat that much ice cream anyways.. Anyone who haven't check out this place should give it a try, I mean I liked it. I haven't try anything other than their ice cream which was great.One other thing that I really like is they close at 11 on Friday and Saturday which is awesome, now I have a place to stop by after work for ice cream.WILL BE BACK AGAIN.
5	Peach ice cream is in season. So here we go. Also, there is a special for buy two get one free. It beats the heat. 'Taking done pints home.
2	So I just stopped by as I was craving a banana split, and in the past, I've always gotten great ice cream there.  I know that they are pricier than other places, but I also know that it is typically worth it.  This time it wasn't!  I paid almost $11 for a banana split, and only got half of a banana......really?  Bananas are dirt cheap.  The ice cream came in a large box (got it to go), so there was plenty of room, but each side of the banana split had a quarter of a banana on it.....again, really???
4	Great atmosphere, fun place, friendly service, and great ice cream. I wouldn't go for food, but you can't go wrong if you want something cold and sweet. It's great for birthdays or any celebration!
5	Came for ice cream sundaes.  Got that old ice cream parlor feel and extensive ice cream selection.  Mmmm!
5	Fantastic ice cream!! I love this place and I'm sure it doesn't help that I'm addicted to ice cream. It has a great ice cream parlor feel to it, service is always friendly although sometimes a bit slow, but it mostly seems to be high school aged kids working.  I've never ate from the menu as far as the food goes because I never get past the ice cream. If your looking for a sweet treat this is place! Many different sundays to choose from with multitudes of toppings!
5	Found on yelp. What a great old fashioned ice cream parlor! Service was excellent and the sundaes were amazing!
4	Next to accessories I'm likewise a fan of Ice Cream! Top of my choice is banana split, here at Mary Coyle is the best of the best!
4	It like a step back in time, or at least that's what I image the old time ice cream shops are like :) We had a good time, I got sherbert and it was funky and I told them and they got me different Ice cream no problems. the girls there are very friendly
5	Delicious key lime pie !!!
5	Coming from LA, I'mA very tough critic of Persian food. The Persian room was very authentic and delicious. Ambience and service were awesome. The kobideh kabob was mouthwatering and melted in your mouth. This is my new favorite Persian restaurant in Scottsdale. We will be regulars here I was so excited to find this restaurant.
5	No, no, noooo! Closing?! Mary Coyle, please come back!!
5	I'm heart broken to find out that this place has closed down. I am now an adult and grew up going to Mary Coyles. I had so many fond memories of going there with my previous church. Best ice cream. Hopefully another will come around. Just sucks the location closed down. I'm very displeased to know this. Very displeased. I hope whoever allowed Mary Coyles close down knows that it should go back to business. I'm not happy about it.
