4	My girlfriend and I were staying downtown for a couple nights and wanted to have a drink close to the hotel. This was the third of three gay bars we went into that night. (we didn't even have a drink at the second one) And it was by far our favorite. Not a lot of female patroons so if you're a lady on the prowl, I would probably go somewhere else. But if you just want to relax in a comfortable, friendly atmosphere with some decent music, this is the place!There were two bartenders and we happened to sit on Jeff's side. I'm sure they were both quite capable but Jeff was amazing at making us feel comfortable and chatted with us quite a bit until it got later and business picked up. Even then, he made sure we were taken care of. He's pretty much amazing and has great eyebrows.I guess there was some craziness and fighting by the door and outside as the night got later but we never saw it and it didn't clear out the whole bar. I would expect a downtown bar to have a few problems and it seemed like they were taken care of efficiently. No strikes there.We stuck to beers and the prices were very reasonable considering the downtown location. Apparently happy hour runs until midnight! We were able to both have some drinks on the cheap and listen some good music. Definitely returning whenever we're there again!
5	I can't find a complaint about this place.  Drinks are reasonable.  Only ever seems to be a $1 cover.  Couches for lounging.  Pool table.  Room for dancing if you want to (no one hardly seems to).Staff is super friendly.  During Pride it is a place you can stop into to get a drink cheaper than the beer tents outside.
5	Hold up, time for an update on the review.  Still five stars, yes, but let me expand on it more than my two tiny paragraphs I had prior.Since I was there last they have done a remodel, a great remodel.  It doesn't feel so enclosed now.  Amazing what a bright color of paint on the wall and some new flooring can do for the way a place feels inside.  Also, big props for finally getting rid of the blinds on the only windows you have in the place (I have a feeling you used them to hide your embarrassment).  New floors and paint are not the only thing that was done for this remodel.  Remember those scary bathrooms?  Yeah, no more.  They have nice, CLEAN bathrooms now.  The one thing that baffles me is the sink outside the bathrooms.  One sink.  Between the men's and women's bathroom.  Air dryer, no towels...weird, but it works.Another great thing was that they moved the pool table to the back.  To me, it felt like they were deterring you from entering on some nights.  I mean what would you think if you walked into a dim lit bar and saw some guys standing there with pool cues?  With the moving of the pool table, it really does open it up at the front, more inviting if you will.Staff are still as nice as can be.  Polite and accommodating.$1 cover on most nights to walk in the door.  Yes there is a $10 minimum if you want to use  your card.*if you like karaoke, they have an odd little twist on it every first Thursday of the month.
3	Images is a pretty decent Gay Bar. Friendly bartenders a great new interior. Nothing really too special going on otherwise.
5	great bartenders, the happiest happy hour plus attractive tattooed men in undies serving shots Tuesday & Friday! ;)
2	We wanted to check out the gay scene in Pittsburgh and since we were staying downtown this seemed like a great place. Positives: doorman was nice and they played good music. Negatives: the lighting, the decor and the smoking. The smoking was really disgusting actually as the smell lingered in our hair and our clothes after we left; I think they should consider opening up a little smoking area, just a thought. As for drinks, we ordered lemon drop martinis and I know, this is so far from being a martini bar, but the bartender did a pretty great job.Glad we went, but we won't go back.
