5	I have been here several times and it is wonderful. To be honest I have never gotten past the lasagna - tons of cheese, good sauce and piled thick. This would be like my Mom would cook, if my Mom could cook. A nice place to hang out with a glass of wine and an good Italian. This restaurant has other locations - all in Illinois. Definitely give it a visit!
4	Greeted warmly, and treated graciously even though our party acted like we'd had one too many (even though we didn't, we were just having a great day).  The service was timely and friendly.  Portions exceeded our expectations.  Although we finished all of the wine, three out of four took some dinner home.  Everyone had a traditional itialian dinner except me.  When I see ribs on a menu it's hard to look at anything else.  They were almost melt-off-the-bone, with just a little too much sauce.  Except for the name on the door "Vito & Nick's" it would have been hard to tell it was Italian fare.  The decor could represent any number of family restaurants.  Priced in a reasonable range.  I guess it's OK to have a good time there...we did.
4	The food is excellent - certainly the best Italian food in the East Valley. We are definitely "regulars" there, usually once a month for the past few yrs. My one complaint, and I've even written the owner on this before, is the service. Now i don't mind waiting for good food, that's not the problem, problem is you can never find a waitress. Need a drink refill? You're best bet is to walk up to the bar with your empty glass. The wait staff is very unorganized. I think part of that reason is because they hire mostly just family members, instead of qualified waitstaff. After 2 yrs of going to this place, we finally introduced ourselves to the owners. You would think they would have introduced themselves to us for how often we were there. Not a "friendly" dinner, but certainly GREAT food. And best pizza, hands-down. We usually order take-out from here now.
4	Only had a pizza, but it was one of the best pizza I have had in a while.  My kids didn't enjoy the pizza as much, but hey ... what do they know right?  I want to go back here when I am hungry (we mostly came just to let the kids eat because my wife and i had a late lunch) but anyway ... I will come back and try other items on the menu that have been recommended by Yelpers here.... The place was nice, good environment and fun ... had the suns and world series on .... CANT BEAT THAT ...I might upgrade them to 5 stars after I try other things, but the pizza was pretty good, just not the best I have had so I had to give it 4 stars.
5	Again, perfecto!  This place is becoming one of my fav stops. Good thing it's on the way home from soccer. Perfect end to an afternoon of soccer. What's funny is who knew this place would be so good for a cheeseburger.  Yea, they have a cheeseburger on the lunch specials.  Can't wait to go back and keep working my way through the menu.
5	too bad they closed here, I remember them back in Chi-town, one of the tastiest pizzas,we came here until they closed. Bet it was the bad location they had.
