2	NIce ambience and great service.The waiter recommended an off-the-menu catch of the day, which was grouper. It came with potatoes and steamed vegetables. The food came out in a pot looking plate. I expected the grouper (by the waiters description) to be very well seasoned. Instead it looked seasoned but I could not get any taste out of it. The same applied with the potatoes, no taste either :(Don't understand why the waiter called this his favorite dish.My friend was explaining to me that this was one of the best cuisines in town and it is volunteer ran. All the profits are donated to charity. Which makes it hard for me to give this place a bad review.The wine and beer selection was decent.I'd recommend trying the flank steak, that didn't look too bad but be wary you might need to bring your own spices and seasoning!
4	Alright, I didn't try the food but I hear there's a new chef. The four stars are for the kindly concept of a non-profit restaurant with volunteers who get to learn about restaurant cooking while supporting good projects; and for the stiff drinks we had there; and for the beautiful wooden stage and piano and performances by the band and string section last night at the album launch we attended. Robin des Bois is hosting lots of shows these days and it's really a great space for some cozy, heart-warming live music and dining.
4	I've been here twice now - once on a romantic date, and once with my parents when they visited town. Both experiences impressed me, and it takes different traits to impress lovebirds/parents. I consistently recommend this place to friends. The staff is warm and welcoming. There's a quirky vibe to the service. It's formal, but not overly stilted (the server asked my parents where they were from, recommended favorite dishes from experience). The decor is equally quirky with a whimsical charm that's inviting, but still date-night. I'm glad they take reservations, because it has really filled up by about 8pm both times I've been there. Also, our food took a while to arrive both times (45min+) but if you don't mind a loud-ish room, it's comfortable for conversation with a full bar. The food meets at the intersection of delicious and affordable. The Brussels sprout salad with Parmesan and nuts was so good I didn't want to share - and only $5. The entrees were very different from each other and each tasty. My husband's dish (Duck Duo) "won" because it was the most decadent, but I also enjoyed my risotto. This place is an excellent destination for out of town guests. Its location makes it a nice end to a Plateau stroll.
4	Amazing place!  Stumbled by it one day and made reservations to go there the week after.  What a nice concept.  The decor is also very homey and makes you feel instantly very comfortable.  It helps that the waiters don't seem to be in a rush at all since they're all volunteers.  Even your tip goes to charity!! And of course the food was actually amazing. They change their menu from time to time so the same options are not always available but if you get a chance to try their lentil dahl, do it.  It was hands down the most flavourful and spiced-infused dahl I've ever tasted.  Mmm my mouth is watering just thinking about it.After that, I ordered the lamb which was pretty good. The presentation was very nice.Another compliment to the bread!  So crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside - the way bread is supposed to be.  I went with some Bretons (who apparently are bread and butter experts, or so they claim) and they confirmed that it was, indeed, bread of excellent quality.  We asked them to refill the bread about 3 times and at the end, our waiter was so sweet and gave us a doggy-bag for the remainder in our basket.Robin des Bois made both my stomach and heart happy.
5	What restaurant has all their proceeds go to charities?! This one!!!Great price quality and fresh, delicious food?!This one!!!Attentive service?!This one!!!Everything we had was amazing. From the salmon tartar, to the grapefruit duck confit salad to the bavette. Excellent execution, fresh local quality and just a wonderful experience supporting a great cause.
5	This place is a gem for the quality of the food and the facts profits go to the community.  The wait staff are volunteers and the place had a great vibe.  The night my GF and I were there a lawyer was serving us.  As for the food, excellent.  Braised lamb possibly the best I ever tasted $20.  Red lentil soup to start also very good, it was a bargain at around $4.  Key line and meringue tart to finish was also a total deal at around $5.  My GF said the Cesar salad with smoked trout was the best she ever had.To summarize this review... meal for 2 was under $90 with a 20% tip including 1 glass of red wine at $9.  Any shortcomings are not worth mentioning; hence giving "Robin hood" the full 5 stars.  Moreover, I will definitely go back when I return to beautiful Montreal.  This was the highlight dining experience of our trip to Montreal.
4	We've been wanting to try RDB for a while,it's done! We went there last night and had a really nice time. It was music night, so a bit loud but good music always matches well with good food.We started with a green salad, which was good but nothing more (parmesan had no taste... and we love parmesan!). We then shared the Cheeseburger and the Salmon tartar which were both really good, well seasoned, nicely presented and all ingredients fresh.All profits go to charities and all staff are volunteer (including the musicians) which is very nice - good food and giving to charities in one go does feel good ;-)
5	What a great place. I love the idea they have come up with. The servers are all volunteers and so is much of the other staff.  All the profits and tips go to feed people in need.  Cool idea!  Then, the food is also great!  What a peaceful and enjoyable place.
4	We went to Robin des Bois last night as part of a work Christmas dinner and the atmosphere was perfect for the event. Not to mention, as a non-for-profit ourselves, we were happy to support another cause. Because of the event size they had split us into two tables, which I feel was pretty reasonable, although our table was definitely getting served faster than the other table.Allow me to say, the food was amazing- my partner had the French onion soup, which was generous in its size and perfectly seasoned, as well as the risotto which seemed to be very good as well. I had the polenta appetizer and the cat fish which were both delicious- the apple and lima bean garnish to the blackened catfish made the meal for me.The only real downside I would put to the evening is that because of our group's size and what I figure is the volunteer staff size, it took us two hours to get our meals. Post-hunger rationale, I can really appreciate a volunteer-run business like this, but in the moment we were less than impressed.
4	Located on Saint Laurent Robin Des Bois is staffed almost entirely by volunteers and the proceeds go to local charities.  They also try to put an emphasis on using local ingredients which is always a huge plus if you ask me.  The decor is a little on the dated side but the service is great and the concept is fantastic.I started with a corn and bacon soup which was quite disappointing.  I was expecting a chowder-like soup (something thick and creamy) but this was not like that.  It was quite runny actually.  I followed it up with a braised pork roast with spetzl that more than made up for the soup though.  It was moist and fell apart with my fork.  I finished it off with a lime meringue pie which was quite balanced in flavour.  The lime didn't overpower everything but the pie wasn't overly sweet.The prices are very reasonable here and are what you'd expect for the location.  In fact the dessert menu was quite cheap compared to a lot of restaurants that I've been to as of late.  Definitely hit this place up if you can.
4	This gig has been going on for quite awhile now... This place is all about volunteer workers (service & kitchen work) and about giving back to the Montreal community.  They support 4 local charities (La Chainon, Le Refuge des Jeunes, Jeunesse au Soleil et le Santropol Roulant).On the food side, I had a risotto dish which was very good and also as a drink, I had a spicy bloody caesar type drink (don't remember the exact name) which was also interesting (I recommend to try it if you like spicy).
3	Fun restaurant, great for the cause you are going for, simple setup and service will of course vary depending on the night as many do it out of pure generosity.
5	Enjoyed a lovely lunch here with my sister.  Really enjoyed the food.  Great prices as well.  We were passing through Montreal and were looking for a place that had good food, that wouldn't' make us feel tired and heavy while driving long distances.  Really enjoyed the food and experience here.  It is only after we returned and I was on Yelp to write a review did I realize that the staff were volunteers, and the nature of the restaurant.  You would have never known it based on the experience we had.  Everyone was extremely professional and very pleasant to deal with.  Would strongly recommend to anyone in the area.
4	Really solid restaurant. Great service from the volunteer staff. The food was really excellent as well- had a dhaal soup and a lamb dish and creme brulee that were all really well made. The value is pretty good as well (something around 40 canadian with gratuity included for a soup/entree/dessert). would definitely recommend.
