1	First, I want to say that this restaurant is located in the Little Burgundy, a neighborhood I lived in for 25 years of my life. I passed by this restaurant almost every day of my life and it always seemed empty. A friend recommended me this restaurant after they had renovated for a more modern look to keep up with the rest. I was very excited to try this restaurant so I made dinner reservations to celebrate my partner's birthday with some friends.A few hours before my reservation, I showed up at the restaurant to tell them that I had made a specialty cake and that I would have liked to have it served for a fee of 10$ a person. As this is a business, I understood that they cannot allow customers to bring in their own desserts. The owner's wife refused and told me I had to talk to the owner myself, even though I offered to pay for the service. I decided to wait to talk to the owner and asked if I could leave the cake in their restaurant, as it was a surprise birthday party, while I go pick up my partner. She flat out said NO. She said they had no place in their -empty- restaurant. How disappointed I was in the way she handled the situation. When I later talked to the owner, he refused to acknowledge the problem and the way his wife handled everything. He also refused to apologize, I practically had to force it out of him. Long story short, I was very disappointed with the service we received. Considering how they have no more than 3 tables a night, you would expect them to be more open and nice to new customers. I can't say much for the food, as I had lost my appetite right from the beginning. I can however comment on the beef tartare that had way too many gherkins and way too much dressing that I could barely tell if it was beef.
4	I received an enthusiastic recommendation to dine here and my friends and I were not disappointed.  From the chic, sleek decor to the warm greeting we received upon entering, the owner and his wife made every effort to ensure our night was flawless.  One of my dining companions has a plethora of food allergies and she was pleased with her selection.  My two other companions ordered beef (and coming from Alberta, we have high expectations) and both said it was the best they've ever eaten.  I myself, had their special as a starter of a warmed potato salad with duck and bacon and it was simply exquisite. I was surprised to read the review of Linda T as my experience was quite the opposite.  The meal and service we received was truly memorable - and the wife even procured reservations for a friend and I for our next location in QC City! Highly recommended!
3	I had the seafood couscous. A very generous portion of salmon, turbot, scallops, and shrimp in a tomato sauce topped over couscous. Yes, couscous is like a sponge and will absorb anything - like my four year old nephew who I once called "booger-face", who then wouldn't shut up and called everyone and everything "booger-face" for an entire week. So if the couscous is going to absorb everything, I'm glad the chef at Code Ambiance made sure what they were ladling on was delicious.
1	PLEASE DO NOT WASTE UR TIME AND MONEY THERE! Owners really don't know how to do business and they were super snob! it was crap
4	Wonderful dinner at Code.I knew the former restaurant and a little hesitant in the beginning because of location . Pleased to say, once inside, it was warm and inviting.Waiter was funny with his dry sense of humour and flowed with an evening of birthday partying.Food was very good and tasted a black rice that was delicious.Had the duck tartar, raw meat, excellent!!!! As well as lamb raviolis.Wine by the glass was a little expensive @ $12.00 per not so large glass. Decor is modern but warm and  enough textures to absorb any noise , so no problem hearing each other throughout the evening. Too bad they don't have a terrace .Unlike former reviewer, they allowed a personal cake from the outside but insisted the portions be cut in the kitchen after I cut the first slice.Will go back. Too
