3	I took my car in to get the rear door replaced due to an accident.  Quick service, great work, and close to home, Unfortunately my car on the inside was dusty and remnants from the job was left inside, including small grease stains which were left on the seats.
5	Took my 4Runner in because the front grill was detaching from the vehicle. It is a salvage title vehicle that had been in a front end collision and I was starting to see the effects of it. Took it in and got an estimate. Turns out there was a lot more to the issue than meets the eye and the repair was going to cost quite a bit more. Since it was unforeseen they didn't charge me for the time they spent on it. After I picked it up and drove off I noticed they reattached my front grill and basically glued that sucker in place. They went the extra mile for me without even saying anything and I couldn't be happier. No, the core of the issue isn't "fixed" but my front grill is back in place and that's good enough for me....especially for free...huge thanks to those guys. If I ever need auto body service in the future I will be going there and will send anyone else in need of body work their way too.
5	Very Very Professional, Very nice and Excellent work. What more can I say. I used them for a business vehicle repair and they were wonderful and fast with the repairs. I will use them again for both my personal or fleet vehicles and consider them a great find.
5	Took car there for front end repair, they were fast and the work was excellent  Will continue to go there if I ever need body work done again.  Thanks Cody.
5	Outstanding body & mechanical repair to my Camry!  State Farm Insurance recommended me to this place from the scene of my accident on the freeway and I took a leap of faith.  The front end of my car was damaged so much that the frame rails needed to be cut off and rewelded.  They did such a great job, it looks like an original factory job.  I have worked at dealerships buying inventory for the past 13 years.  I know cars and paintwork, and body repairs, and mechanical repairs etc, like the back of my hand.  I am tough to please.  They did a 10 out of 10 job on my car.  Special thanks to Coty Martinez for being professional and making my experience great.  I highly recommend AutoPro Collision Center.  I would tow my car 500 miles to this place if I had to, knowing they do a great thorough repair.  It took two weeks to get my car back because they had to order and repair so many parts, but it was very much worth it!  Don't rush a repair on anything.  Haste makes waste.  Let them do their job.  Thanks again guys!  Here is the VIN to my car to verify this is a genuine review:  4T1BF3EK4BU585272. Run a Carfax on it.  I just had the accident in Feb '14 and will eventually hit Carfax because the repairs were over $10,000 (legitimately).
