4	Came here looking for meat and nothing but.  Ended leaving with 3 bags of really fresh vegetables, 5- 1 inch thick porterhouse, 2 flank steaks and 3 Delmonico cutes.To start off, the vegetables were beautiful and fresh.  I picked up some bell peppers, poblano peppers, zucchini, mushrooms, and asparagus.  All thrown into a hobo pack which turned out to be one of my top 10.The meat was the star.  They had a decent selection.  Its not nearly as diverse as Pino's in NYC.  I wanted to get a solid necktie but they were out of skirt.  This is my one main point of contention with this place.  Its Friday afternoon, have the #1 griller available.  To compensate I took home the flank.  Good, but no skirt.  I went with the porterhouse too as its a crowd pleaser without breaking the bank.  The steaks were thick, juicy and perfect for the bbq.  McGinnis Sisters did have a fine looking poultry and fish section, along with pork and lamb, but I was dead set on the beef.  Good job, McGinnis.
4	So, for my 100th review, I'm choosing a Pittsburgh store that I really enjoy shopping at, McGinnis sisters on route 51. This place has all the charm of a country store, lots of baked goods, great fresh and aged meats, seafood, charcuterie, deli, cheeses, coffees, and fresh produce, jams and jellies, spices, condiments and so much more. Before my vegan days I would spend time at the meat counter buying brisket, chops, veal, and their wonderful fishcakes. The fishcakes are a great mixture of whitefish, crab, lobster, and shrimp. The McGinnis sister associates would then add secret ingredients, and all you need to do is take them home and pop them in the oven, they make great sandwiches!Great breads like cracked wheat, whole grain, bagels, Italian, and sour dough. They also have cookies and pies.The produce is really where McGinnis sister's shine. Possibly the freshest produce in town, except for the strip district.Great deli, lots of boar's head meats and cheeses, pickled eggs, salads, pickles, olives, charcuterie, and lots more.Like any good market you're paying more for premium products so you won't shop here on a regular basis. It's not hard to drop two c notes here on one visit. But we have to treat ourselves once in awhile, don't we?
3	I came here looking for local beef after reading an article in Pittsburgh magazine about a local farmer and it said they sold his beef here. I asked the guy behind the meat counter if he sells local beef and he told me no. Although this store has a decent amount of selection I'm not finding anything that really makes this place stand out above anything I can find in the Strip. So I will continue to go to the strip. Go take a look around for yourself if you are in the area.
2	My mother ordered 60 sliders from McGinnis for a baby shower. We love how they come pre formed. Very easy to throw on the grill hassle free. This time they came jammed into the packaging and stacked on top of each other. Needless to say, by the time my wife brought them home they are completely smashed. Looks like I'll be forming my own. If I wanted a ball of ground meat I would have ordered it that way. By jamming these into the styrofoam you may have save .30 cents.  Should've went to whole foods.
