4	This is an outstanding car wash if you are on the West side of town.  It is very small but has quick turn-around times and their crew has all been working there for a lot of years so they do a very good job.  The clientele is mostly the elderly since they are right in the heart of Sun City West, but you can ignore them and enjoy a great car wash.Typical prices are $11 to $20 for the Ultimate.  They do a great job on the glass inside and out which is always a pet peeve of mine.
3	This car wash is a gem of Sun City West.  Formerly called Classic Auto Wash, I am pretty sure I have reviewed them before, but I cannot find that review. The prices are reasonable, and the crew there does a good job.  I have only had funky glass from them once or twice.  They spend extra time on the wheels and chrome that most car washes really leave lacking.  The waiting room is nice, and bathrooms are clean usually.Typical price for a ultimate / hand wash (that doesn't go through the machine) is $20.
4	Best $10 wash around
4	Nice car-wash with reasonable prices and decently friendly staff. I can tell the staff is used to dealing with the older gentleman types versus the hip and fun 30-something female SUV driving Mom types, but that's ok. The Mom-mobile was detailed just right, the wait wasn't too long, and the air freshener lasted more than 1/2 a day. Way way better than Cobblestone Spa over on Bell Rd.
1	I rcvd a fantastic car wash at this business.  Spent 30 bucks, thought was a lil high, but turned out to be one of the best car washes I ever had.BUT.... I WILL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN. I have arthritis in both shoulders and use pain pills, mostly at bed time, to control the pain.  I had my small bottle that I keep in the SUV just in case.  And my script bottle that I brought with me as I am traveling and staying at a hotel. I know the pills were there cause I checked twice on the way to Phoenix. I kept them in the middle console. Last night when I was done working, I reached in and found no pain pills. They left the allergy pills, thank goodness, but my night in bed was sleepless.
1	There should be a zero star option. These people are crooks. Literally. I halfway expect some change to be missing from my tray after going to these places. But a brand new iPod plugged into my radio?  That's a different story. Ok, let me just talk to the manager and he'll fix everything, right? Well, turns out that "he" is a "she" (although if I'm being honest I had a hard time telling the difference) who goes by "Staci" and she was more crooked than the thieves that stole the iPod. Literally the most morally corrupt person I have ever met. Do yourself a favor and avoid this place at all costs.
5	Small car wash located in SCW. I was very impressed with friendliness of the staff and great service.
1	I used to have my car washed often there.  The owner treats employees terrible.  I have never seen employees devalued like this before, so I will no longer go to this car wash. If there was negative stars that is what I would have been my choice.
4	Got the fast up-sell speech from the guy but I was wanting to have my car detail washed anyway. I got a hand wash and all the extras and the guy offered a discount on all that before I even shrugged. So. Yeah. That happens but the results were good.  I'll be back.
