1	As a big fan of Scarpetta both in NYC and Vegas, my friend and I went to sister venue d.o.c.g. for a quick bite before work tonight.  I ordered the trofie with shrimp and roasted tomatoes - when they dropped the plate off, I seriously thought it was a joke.  For $22, I got a 3 1/2 inch plate of pasta with miniature shrimp.  It looked more like an appetizer than an entree.  Thinking I may have mistakenly ordered an appetizer, I asked the waiter if this was intended as an entree, to which he replied 'yes'.  What a joke and a rip off.  I left there still hungry despite finishing the tiny portion of pasta and two breadsticks.
1	I wish I read the review by MG prior to going here.  I also ordered the Trofie for $22 and was surprised by the tiny size of the dish and the shrimp.  Overall my friends and I weren't impressed by the menu and thought about leaving.  The pizza oven was also broken.  We had to ask for free breadsticks since they didn't serve us any.
1	This has to be the worst restaurant in Las Vegas! To start with, I think it's the only  italian restaurant I've ever been to  that charges you for mediocre bread. The portions are a joke and incredibly overpriced considering how small and uninteresting they are. I ordered the chicken which was the smallest chicken I've ever seen. It tasted average at best, and I was still hungry after dinner. The waiter was reluctant to give us breadsticks (made it sound like he did us a favor swiping them off the bar) and we paid $5 for "stromboli" bread which was average at best. Everyone who works there seems unhappy and look like they don't want to be there, and the overall experience was awful. If I could rate it a zero I would. The entire experience was unpleasant, food unsatisfying, terrible menu, broken pizza over and apathetic service. I would never return and suggest you don't go either.
4	My experience was much different from previous posters. A friend and I hit the bar here around 11 on a Friday night, and the place seemed to be bustling.We ordered a variety of appetizers just as feast we could share, and I thought the things we had we wonderful! I would recommend the scallops, calamari, oysters and the ravioli.The ravioli, in particular, was excellent, and my only complaint is that the portion was too small. However it was an appetizer, so I wasn't concerned. I had a glass of wine - can't remember which - but it was quite good. When it comes to wine though, I realize people's palates are very varied.The only reason I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 is that the bar chairs weren't very comfortable. They're pretty: curved, finished wood...but after an hour sitting in them, my rear end started to ache!
1	When visit the famous Las Vegas, the price for dinner at a restaurant mean at least over $100. However i think this newly open restaurant doesn't know that overrated prices must come with satisfactory service. Well this place had the most horrible service in a Restaurant in Vegas. It took 30 min to sit us down, 30 min to ask us for our order and another 30 min to bring the food. Not many options on the menu ( 6 options). We order the schiacciatta pizza, a medium size entree with a salad.  I think I would say that pizza from Costco Warehouse would taste better. I visit Las Vegas several times a year so I won't come back to that restaurant.
1	I'm the first real person to review this place, let all other fake spammers be gone!  Yelp should really work that shizzle out.  Zack S...um this place closes at 11 so you couldn't have possibly hit the bar...so yeah if your gonna post fake reviews at least check your facts..This place has so much potential, yet the ridiculously bad service just overshadowed everything good they did.This is probably the worst service I have ever received in my life.  Do you guys remember in Pretty Woman when Julia Roberts goes into the first store on Rodeo and the snooty lady acts like she's too good for this place?  Well that's what they did to us.Where's the hostess?  Oh she's chatting with her friend...*ignoring me*We finally get seated and then we sit and wait...and wait...and wait...finally I get up and ask one of the waiters at the cash register to send over someone...She treats us like we're a nuisance to her, she's singing along to the song that's playing...(WTF?)  I think they turned up the music louder as more people left because by the time it was near closing time it was blaring hip hop music...really weird considering it was a nice casual Italian restaurant.We order almost 200 bucks worth of food, and then she's like "is that it?"excuse me bitch...watch the attitude...Wait, wait, watch as all the waiters get together to talk about us...seriously I can see you whispering about us....this is so unprofessional right now....We seriously waited for like an hour and a half, it was ridiculous!  The place was practically empty!  The waiters were standing around and chatting with each other.  I took pictures as evidence!This place is supposed to be a nice place, for the prices they charge they should have a whole restaurant re-staffed because it was ridiculous!  I have never felt more uncomfortable and treated so rudely in my life!I also wanted to order take out for later and apparently they don't have take out boxes?  You're a restaurant?  You don't have boxes?  Seriously?This is the worst experience in a restaurant I have ever had.  I've gotten better service at Carls Jr in a shady neighborhood than this.  I won't hesitate to tell everyone to avoid this restaurant when you're in Vegas because this was outrageous!  No one treats me like that and gets away with it!  I wish I had a You've been yelped card so I could give them a piece of my mind.I'm like those crazy housewives who have nothing better to do...I won't stop calling to speak to management until someone is fired.  I'm serious, no one gets away with treating me like that without suffering repercussions.  We don't play that, I'm sorry I'm not one of those quiet asian people who take your shit...I will not be silenced... You best believe.  You're done..The end.*note I left for the manager*"This is probably the most unprofessional and ridiculous restaurant I have ever had the misfortune to experience, not just from the our waitress, but the waitstaff and blatant ignorance from most of the employees I had to encounter."                                                                   Anthony Nguyen
1	This is why I say Vegas sucks................
4	I went in late on a Saturday night. Around 10:30, after skipping that horrible line for Marquee. There was many options around the area but I ran into DOCG because 1) I was super hungry and 2) there was no line.  I was seated and the waiter was super attentive. He kept recommending us different types of food, explaining the menu to every detail possible and asking about drinks to a point where I was wishing for privacy. We ordered prosciutto, ribeye for two and had some wine. It was delicious. Not the best ribeye and lacked flavor so I was quite disappointed. The waiter ended up persuading me to order their caramel dessert at the end. I am not a caramel person but was recently hooked on fleur de sel caramels so I gave in. It's something very unique and I totally recommend it! I assume the bad reviews was due to the fact that the hotel and the restaurants are fairly new and they had not been trained properly.  The prices were fair. A pizza for less than $20 to share to some more extravagant dishes less than $30. I had a lovely time with my boyfriend and will totally recommend.
4	Had some great eats at the bar (and we were there past 11 btw)  - bartender was awesome - let me taste several wines before ordering.  The panini was as close as I've had to the ones I ate in Italy.  Fresh-Simple ingredients. Had a few other appetizers - Everything was great. The wine is pricey...I think the Chianti I had was $16, but you get A LOT...very generous pours so I didn't mind at all.  Friendly and comfortable - not stuffy or snooty.  I'm excited to eat next door in the more fine dining sister restaurant...
3	I don't remember anything in particular about this restaurant. My aunt just ordered a lot of dishes, which were very small.  The service was decent and it was pretty busy. I went the weekend when the cosmopolitan opened.  I remember having an assorted dessert plate and it was decent. I am a sucker for dessert so anyplace with an assortment of dessert, I will give an extra star. :)
5	A little apprehensive to eating at this place but after being convinced by my girlfriends friends brother that is friends with the sister of my cousin, I was quite satisfied. The decor of the restaurant is very unique and casual. The brick walls and the shiny silverware that matched the shiny smiles of the friendly staff reassured me that the evening would be great. It had a cozy feel and transported me to the depths of Italy, right in the center, where everyone knows your name and stories are traded over a nice glass of wine and delicious charcuterie meats. We started off the night with ordering a cheese plate and cured meats, I forgot the name of the cheese but it was recommended by our server and from what I remember it had bits of truffle inside, outstanding flavor! Along with the cheese we had a charcuterie dish, (Speck=really good, smoky flavor) and a burrata salad, which that too was DIVINE, if you love cheese then order the burrata, very unique: rich and creamy. For our entrees I had the Malledoritos, my friends split the Rib Eye and my girlfriend had the Pici pasta. Starting with the Malledoritos this had to be the greatest thing I have ever put in my mouth! On the menu it says it's a gnocchi but I have never had a gnocchi like this, it was amazing! It came with a very rich and delightful sausage and olive "sauce". I say "sauce" because it's not really a sauce more like a meat mixture almost like bolognese but like it's distant cousin. The Rib Eye my friends had ordered was a huge piece of meat and looked so juicy and appetizing, I was a bit jealous! Luckily they were nice enough to cut me a centimeter or two off the bone to let me try what they were experiencing and OMG I just might have to order one the next time I am here :) las but not least was the Pici that my girlfriend had ordered. Who doesn't love spaghetti?!?? This I had never seen though, it was hand rolled pasta and paired with a duck ragu. This by far was the new star at our table, it was a bit sweet but had very deep flavors and had truffles too, how could you not like it!? Our meal was fantastic and we were all super satisfied! Finished with a caramel budino and our life was complete! I think we may start makin this a once a month deal, can't wait to come back to try their pizza! I hear there's none like it!!!!
4	I read the mixed reviews so went here prepared for anything. We were looking for an excuse to visit the Cosmopolitan and support our local economy. Just to digress for a second, the parking garage was way cool. The whole thing was programmed, with readouts on the number of spots available on each level and then a red or green light above each spot to let you know where the empty ones were. It looked like Xmas!Back to the restaurant. It was small, warm, simple and inviting, with a good energy. The wait staff was excellent. Our server was friendly, knowledgeable and did all the right things. We had a bottle of 2008 Talbott Chardonnay, marked up from about $18 retail to $58 at the table, which is about par for the course. There is both free bread and bread sticks, as well as artisan breads that cost extra. The free bread was OK. and the bread sticks were really good. Started with the Coppa salumi and Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, which came with sides of creamy honey and whole grain mustard. The cheese in particular was great. The romaine salad was crisp, but dressed just a little too lightly for my taste. The salumi/chesse and salad all came out at the same time and I would have rather that they spaced out these two servings. For entrees, my wife had the gnudi. Pillows of deliciousness, a wonderful take on the traditional gnocchi, with a light sage butter sauce. A real winner. I had the veal cutlet in a reduction sauce with grilled vegetables. The veal was cooked perfectly and had a nice crust on it. A little fatty, but that happens. Overall, very good, not great. Wrapped up the meal with the caramel budino, an Italian pudding that is rich, creamy and heavenly, with a bit of sea salt to add another layer of flavor and texture. WOW. Also had a scoop of the mint chocolate gelato, not as creamy or minty as I would have hoped for. The portions are small, but priced accordingly considering the high quality of the food. All in all, a really nice experience, and a place we wouldn't hesitate to go back to.
4	This place was great. I was in town for a trade show and looking for a place I could comfortably eat at the bar. The place was pretty busy for a week night, but I was able to grab a seat at the bar. The food service was a little slow, but the bartenders and staff were all friendly and kept me posted on my order. I started with the brussel sprouts and fried olives. Both were pretty tasty. I would definitely order the olives again. They were crispy and stuffed with pork sausage. For dinner, I ordered the Italian ham and fontina pizza. The menu said "double layer" so I assumed it meant extra toppings. You cannot go wrong with more ham and cheese, right? Well, it actually meant double crust. The pizza came out looking like a gourmet Sbarro pizza. There was Italian ham and cheese sandwiched between to thin pizza crusts.  It was pretty tasty as long as you are a fan of fontina. Plus, it was a lot of bread to try and finish, considering that I ate the whole bread basket while waiting. The wine list was limited, but had a few nice options if you are a fan of Italian wines.
5	Among Food Network viewers and celebrity-chef followers, Chef Scott Conant is bordering on household name territory these days here in the states.  It's hard to miss him as he has popped up on '24 Hour Restaurant Battle', 'Top Chef', 'Chopped', and even 'No Reservations' recently.   So with the crew of PizzaHunt.net firmly entrenched in Las Vegas at the International Pizza Expo, why the hell would we not want to eat some pizza at his latest endeavor located inside the brand new 'The Cosmopolitan' hotel/casino, named D.O.C.G. Enoteca.Wood-fired pizza is all the rage around the United States, make no mistake about it.  However with so many folks getting into the game these days, we are beginning to see a separation between those in the know and those just pretending to know.  So call us natural born skeptics every time we step foot in a wood-fired place.D.O.C.G. Enoteca is a quant place with about 20-25 tables inside the walls and another 15-20 outside.  It also features a fully stocked bar with food service.  The wood-fired oven is centerpiece of the dining room as it should be.  You may expect the service to be on the stuffy side at a joint like this, but we found it quite the opposite.After ordering a straight margherita (with buffalo mozz) we were served an array of fresh breads and breadsticks. Nothing shocking about it, just solid and fresh.   About 4 minutes later our pizza hit the table.  The first thing we noticed was a little less char than we are accustomed to on wood-fired pies.  (baking at about 700 degrees btw).  Overall though, we were impressed with the look of the pizza.On the taste front, D.O.C.G. is nearly perfect in our eyes.  They feature a buffalo mozzarella that is very creamy with a slight tartness that we loved.  The sauce was clearly fresh pressed tomatos and the crust had a great spring to it while being chewy and charred.  But what really tied all of this together for us was the use of sea salt on the finished product and the fresh basil.  Sure, I know how this discussion goes.  Customers can apply their own salt to taste, etc.  In our opinion we shouldn't have to though, the chef should cook to taste and the finished product should be ready to roll, period.I think we have been fortunate enough to eat some of the better wood-fired margherita pizzas in the country and Scott Conant's D.O.C.G. Enoteca ranks pretty high.  We look forward to going back...and you should too.
5	I'm astonished by the number of one-star reviews for this place.  I'm wondering if there's some huge confusion...  Two reviews complain about the poor and/or snotty service.  That was not our experience at all.  I dined here twice in Jan 2011, both times at lunch, and the service was without reproach.Two of the reviews take issue with the quality of the food and/or portion size.  Maybe things have changed by the time of my visits, but that was not my experience at all.  On the first visit,  my S.O. had the pork panini and the  Speck Tirolese; I had the pici: spaghetti w/ braised duck sauce & black truffles.  The portions were definitely not big, but they're not small either.  The portion size is definitely not so small that it should result in such bitter complaints.  Besides, when it comes to food, price, portion, quality, are very relative and should be judged together, not individually.  Expecting Olive Garden price and portion here would be setting one up for a negative Yelp review!I am also baffled by the "mediocre bread" comment.  Unfortunately, the reviewer in question has only two reviews so I have no clue what caliber of bread he is accustomed to.  I can say, as a baker of French bread for eight years, that D.O.C.G Enoteca's breads are nothing to sneeze at.This place is definitely in our short list of Vegas casual lunch places.
2	I'm surprised by the amount of high ratings that this restaurant has. And I can agree with the low ratings this place has. This place pretty much BLOWS and represents LV pretentiousness to the max.My friend and her boyfriend booked reservations for 4 people at 8p on a Saturday night. My friend was told it would be a 20 minute wait and was told that when a table becomes available, the restaurant would call us. Well...there was no call within 20 minutes and by 50 minutes, still no call so I decided to ask about the status of our table. Here's the conversation I had with the hostess.Me: Hi, could I please get the status of our table? We had a reservation for 8p. Hostess: Name please?Me: (tells the name it's under)Hostess: oh we called for this reservation 10 minutes ago; it was for 2 people right?Me: No. It's for 4 people and we didn't receive a call. What was the number you called?Hostess: Uh...(checks call log) we called 10 minutes ago. Well, there's a table right there for four now...Me: (frustrated and almost furious) Ok, let me get the rest of my party. So my friend didn't in fact get a call from the restaurant. Bad impression number 1.Bad impression number 2: We get seated and the menus aren't earth friendly--they're printed on paper and was used as a placemat. The bread was soft, decently flavored and they did offer packaged cracker type bread sticks...Not sure I'm diggin' that because this restaurant was kinda expensive so I don't think it was appropriate to offer packaged items like that....At this point, I needed to order a half of bottle of wine to myself to somewhat enjoy the dinner. The wine selection was ok; I think it's equivalent to Olive Garden in my opinion. Items that I had a chance to sample and purchase--(Bad impression 2.75)1.) clams: it was ok. The red sauce wasn't anything spectacular and the clams they used were meaty and big.2.) Gnocchi: not good. I didn't even eat half of it. It was puny and reminded me of rice a roni....The sauce was overly meaty and somewhat gross.3.) Veal: That was actually pretty good. Flavorful and made to the right temperature. Cheers to that DOCG. :P4.) Margarhita Pizza: Nothing special. Sauce and cheeses kinda tasted like something you would eat out of a lunchables pizza kit. Definitely had SO much better.The restaurant service's was somewhat uncoordinated, and the food's quality/taste did not match up to it's prices. (lower quality tasting food for high prices...no thank you).
4	wow another restaurant where i can't fully trust yelp lol. my boyfriend wanted to take me out to dinner (he said that our mini meals didn't count lol) so on our last night we walked around all the restaurants @ cosmopolitan and D.O.C.G. stood out for both of us. we were in the mood for some italian...and this place looked more appealing to us over scarpetta (i wanted the duck! :P)we made reservations at 7:00 and got seated immeadiately our server was very nice, but a bit slow for us (in vegas i want to order fast, eat fast, and leave to gamble and drink!) it took him about 5 minutes to get our drink order, another 5 to bring our wine, then another 10 to take our order -_-;; and then our appetizers came out in15 minutes and our dinner came out over 30, but the food was so good...that my rating for this place is staying at a 4!stromboli: OMG soooooooooooooo good! salami and cheese stuffed bread! FTW! i can't wait to come back to eat that again!!!calamari: not my favorite calamari...it wasn't crispy enough and there was too much batter for my liking. pici: the homemade spaghetti was amazing (awkwardly tasted like udon noodles) the duck sauce was SO good! huge pieces of duck (and a lot of it too) malloreddus: gnocchi w/ sausage and mushrooms...it was meh...the gnocchi was over cooked...it was so hard...bleh my poor boyfriend...he was looking forward to his dish...but it failed :( but the sauce was good loloverall the meal was great, if we come back probably won't get the gnocchi and the calamari...but overall a great dining experience. check it out! and don't forget the stromboli & the pici!!!also, we were SUPER full w/ the stromboli and calamari...i could barely touch my dinner plate (i had to take it to go and eat it later that night yay for microwaves in the cosmo rooms!!!) so my tip: if you're starving order 2 appetizers...but don't eat the bread beforehand...that was what probably made me super duper full lol
5	D.O.C.G Enoteca is simply fast, affordable and delicious. The atmosphere is hip and if you are in the mood to just get a quick bite and enjoy the ambiance of efficiency this is your place! There are so many items to chose from and of course my favorites are the Roasted Pork Panini, Margherita pizza, Calamari Fritti, Malloreddus, Veal Raviolini and of course the Prime Ribeye. I must not forget the Garlic Nodini as one of my favorite bread items. If you haven't tried it yet, you are simply missing out.
4	Grilled Filone -- Duck egg & Fonduta -- which translates into perfectly grilled slices of Italian bread that you dip into this creamy, yolky, bowl of heaven.  My friend even asked the waiter to replace the piece of bread she accidentally dropped because it would've been sacrilegious to let a single drop go to waste.Walked in on a Sunday evening after 48 hours of Vegas adventures and in the mood for something low key and simple.  We got seated within 10 minutes without reservations and at a table of our choosing on the patio, which lent itself to fun people watching.  The menu is deceptively simple, as are their descriptions, but the flavors were anything but.  We had the Spaghetti Chitarra and Maccheroni for entrees and both reminded me of similar delicious fare I've had at sidewalk cafes in Italy.  Their small tastes are a fun way to try different marinated veggies, and yes, they even made brussel sprouts fun.  We ate at a couple of the other popular restaurants at the Cosmopolitan that weekend, and DOCG is the one I'll be returning to.
4	Great casual Italian spot!  The service was excellent, ambiance was very quaint, food was great and wine list was very good!  The meats and cheeses are great, so are the pizza, homemade pasta and cheese egg dip!  Highly recommended if you're looking for good food, fun experience and reasonably priced cuisine at the Cosmopolitan!
5	Yummm... We ate here 3 times in two days while in town. The pizza is just like NYC and the Dessert made my head buzz... I cant remember the name , but the dessert is their best seller, caramel something... I think my head is still a buzz. Unreal. Super quick and comfy.
5	I went to DOCG on a Friday night and it was packed. This scared me initially, as I had heard great things about the restaurant and I was eager to try it out. I was able to get a table with my friend. The hostess was courteous and very helpful. My server was very informative and knowledgeable of the menu - a major plus for me since I am in the restaurant industry, as well. We had a tasting of some different meats and cheeses which was a pleasant beginning of our food experience. I had the schiacciata pizza - a double layer pizza with cheese and meat and it was the BOMB! My friend plowed her way through a plate of the gnocchi which I couldn't keep my fork out of. Dessert was divine - the panna cotta and the gelati was out of this world. I would recommend this restaurant to anybody. Great service, pleasant people, and a wonderful atmosphere.
4	My husband enjoyed our birthday dinner at DOCG on March 17, 2011.  We were treated with a customer service desired by many and achieved by few.  Our server was fantastic, funny yet professional and informative.  He was very knowledgable about both the food and the restaurant.  The courses of the food came in a timely manner and piping hot. We had an amazingly delicious and decadent meal which have made us want to go back for more.
5	Loved the tapas style menu.Got the meat, olives, cheese, with a cocktail, and couldn't have been happier.My sis got some tapas style dishes like beets/cauliflower which was super delish too.I loved the fact that it was an intimate setting in the middle of a crazy hotel/lines for Marquee.
5	My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate our 5 year anniversary.  I was extremely impressed. The wine was delicious, the food was excellent and the service was superb! Cass was our server and he was extremely knowledgeable and friendly! I will definitely come back next time I am in Vegas! loved it!!
5	Impeccable service.  We were blessed with an extremely knowledgeable and attentive server.  He could tell you about anything off the menu and even beyond that with some Italian trivia.  On a packed Friday evening, he never hesitated to meet any of our needs whether it be to answer a question about the menu or put in special requests on the orders.  He even took multiples pictures of and for us from each and every iPhone, Blackberry and camera we had.  All the servers, and ours especially, were smiles all night.  Their great attitudes really emanated in the entire dining experience & made for a great celebratory dinner for our special bachelorette.  They even switched the music to hip-hop and cranked up the volume a little when they realized they had a table of 11 rowdy girls.Now for the food.  Oh.my.greatness.  You MUST order the pici.  Fresh in-house hand rolled spaghetti?  Mhmmm.  Tossed with chunks of tender duck meat in a savory, creamy braised sauce?  Oh yeaa.  Shavings of black truffles?  Uhh...HELL YES!  My biggest fear was that eating heavy carbs would interfere with plans to dance the night away at Marquee just across the way.  Pasta and club appropriate clothing (i.e. skin tight wardrobes) don't really make a good mix.  However, it was the perfect portion -- just enough food in my stomach so I couldn't get schwasted, but not too heavy either.  Seriously, I'm not one to usually stick to one dish at restaurants with many offerings...but I just don't see myself ordering anything but the pici here at DOCG.  It's that wonderful.  So if I ever venture back to the Cosmopolitan for a fancy schmancy dinner, I'm coming back here and I'm getting my pici.  Done & done.
3	Get the tasting plate - 2 cheeses, 2 meats, 3 veggie options.  I can't remember what cheeses I got out of the 4 but they both were bland.  One was a soft and one was a hard cheese.  Out of the meats I got the salume and the speck, both of which were mediocre.  I really liked all 3 of the veggie dishes though - brussel sprouts, tuscan beans, and artichokes.  The bread was soft and crusty but nothing special.  It is an ok place to grab some food if you are at the hotel but dont go out of your way to eat here.  The busboy was extremely friendly but the server was too overwhelmed to see to more than taking our order and bringing the bill.
2	This place is reasonably priced and has a fun atmosphere, too bad the food was not very good. We started off with one of the salads, forget which one but is was actually pretty good. Also the bread was fine - nothing special. I split the mushroom pizza with my husband and our other dining companion ordered the gnocchi. Both were so salty that they were difficult to eat. I didn't care for the mushroom pizza at all - it was burnt yet soggy and just sooo salty! The gnocchi looked like maggots (much smaller than typical gnocchi I have seen (my husband's italian aunt makes the real deal) and the meat was just gross. Also, if it wasn't salty enough, there were olives in it.Also, the service was pretty bad. Our waiter was inattentive, bordering on rude. With all of the choices in Vegas, I won't be going back to this one!
5	Stopped in for a late bite on a Saturday night...very busy, service was  friendly & speedy..one of the best pizzas & strombolis in Vegas. A must!
4	Great service, wonderful atmosphere, awesome food! If you go, order the Pici with duck sauce.
5	Our server Cass provided outstanding service!  I am in love with this enoteca.  We had the meat & cheese plate with speck...it was wonderful! The Ribiola pizza was creamy and unforgettable! We also had an assortment of vegetables and they were all delicious!  I'll stop in for a drinks and dinner next time I'm in LV!
4	Ahhh-mazing! We had reservations for 2:00 pm lunch after our flight touched down in Vegas. We were seated promptly (there were still a good amount of people for the late lunch). We started off with the caprese salad which was delicious! The mozzarella was some of the best I've ever had, although I do wish there had been more tomatos. We split a margherita pizza, which was pretty darn good. Definitely some of the best pizza I've had. I can't say it's THE best, but is near the top of my list. Service was impeccable, and the price was pretty good for Vegas. Next time we're in town, I'll be back!
5	New Chef, new energy.  This place has made a major turnaround and warrants another review.  If you haven't been there in a while, it's time to try it again.
5	Wanted to make reservations for STK but they were packed. Came here and had the New York strip and wow was it good. Much better than STK and everything else was so good as we kept sharing plates on our table.
4	Can you review a place after only having one item? Sure, I can. We stopped by DOCG after dinner at STK looking for dessert. I knew what I wanted before setting foot in the establishment. I was on the hunt for my new favorite dessert -- the budino. Let's back up for a second... A couple years ago I was floored by "Nancy Silverton's Butterscotch Budino" at 112 Eatery in Minneapolis. That amazing Italian pudding was instantly etched in my mind as the best dessert I've ever had.I heard that DOCG had a budino on their menu so I was hell bent on trying it to see how it compared. Their caramel budino was rich and smooth. Sweet enough to satisfy my sweet tooth, but light enough to not make me regret eating it. The combination of the sweet pudding and cream and the salty caramel is heavenly. While I still prefer the butterscotch budino to the caramel equivalent, the DOCG version shouldn't be missed.
5	This restaurant specializes in small Italian dishes and excellent service.  We started with the olives (Ascalani Style) which were stuffed with sausage, breaded and deep fried.  We also had an appetizer with Speck Tirolese-air dried and smoked.  Both appetizers were delicious, as was our Robiola Pizza and Veggies (brussel sprouts, beets, and artichokes).  All the food was perfect and could not have been any better.  The service was also outstanding and the prices were reasonable for this upscale restaurant.  I'll definitely be back to this great restaurant located in the new Cosmopolitan.  Food-5 stars, Service-5 stars, Value-4 stars, Ambiance-5 stars.
5	I ate there for my birthday with a few close friends of mine.  We had a great dining experience.  Our service was great and the food was fantastic.  This is a restaurant worth checking out. My new favorite in Las Vegas.
5	This is my 5th time eating here in the last couple of months. The atmosphere is great. I really enjoyed the food. I've had a steak the last 2 times and it was cooked exactly how I asked. The sides were great. I came in the wine steward personally explained to me about the wines. I now enjoy red wine like I never thought I would. The Budino is now my new favorite dessert. I love this place, I didn't give them 6 stars only because I couldn't.
5	We have eaten here eight times, different times of the day and it has always been excellent.Great lunch spot or casual dinner!Great ServiceGreat Wine SelectionAwesome Food!Try the pizza sometime, you will love it!
5	Went into this with high expectations but not knowing anything about the restaurant.  Unbelievable service!!!  Told them it was my bachelorette party and they brought out the red carpet.  Were fun, had great, honest recommendations for food and wine and truely wanted you to enjoy your experience.  Hand made pasta, amazing apps and desert to die for!
4	Another great restaurant in the Cosmopolitan!  The service was great, the decor was rustic, but comfortable and the food was delicious!  The margherita pizza was amazing accompanied with a glass of prosecco - pure heaven!
5	This restaurant was the highlight of my Vegas trip! Loved the atmosphere and the wine!Calamari was perfectly fried and seasoned so well. I was addicted. We also started with the mushroom pizza. I was impressed and the flavor was impeccable.I ordered the filet, medium rare (duh). It was juicy and the sear on the outside just put it over the top. They can make some fine steak there. The vegetables we got on the side were not doused in grease and were surprisingly delicious for a side! I tried my friend's veal and the sauce along with the veal made for a fabulous combination! We tried several desserts the the caramel bundido made me want to take a bath in that salted caramel sauce! It was out of this world. Easily the best dish of the night even though everything else was great. I highly recommend!
3	I had dinner here on Father's Day, expected it to be busy but it wasn't. Therefore the waiter came up to us about 15 + times during the meal and the busser cleaned and brought new plates and forks almost every 15 minutes. The food was debatable. My pasta dish was mediocre but my mother's fish dish was delicious. The calamari was also good and the tomato and mozzarella salad with frisee was also very delicious. All in all the food was OK and the service wasn't bad but it just got annoying. This place is not on my list of places to go again..
4	Ate here twice during my stay at the cosmopolitan. It was pretty darn good, although I wish I would have read the yelp reviews first. I had the fontina and poached egg pizza. It was a great dish with the creaminess of the fontina and then the poached egg gave it a richness. I probably should have ordered a big salad with it as it was a little heavy. A plate of greens would have balanced it nicely.The second night was a work hosted event with lots of little plates passed- the mushroom risotto was pretty good, a tad heavy. The beef wellington- meh. The pizza passed was a basic cheese, but their crust again was the perfect weight and cooked nicely. The shortribs with polenta were SOOO good. I had about 17 individual bites (do you think the waiters noticed?) the polenta was creamy and now I'm inspired to figure out how to cook it.I can't eat fish, but the calamari looked good and my colleagues seemed to enjoy it. If you're looking for a place to eat while in the Cosmopolitan, this was good- check it out.Our waiter from the first trip in needs some training... he offered an aviation cocktail but didn't know what is in it. We decided it was Aveda hairproducts. Sent it back :)
4	I ate here on a Saturday night when all the beautiful people were out and about. I was looking like I had been at a conference all day...not upscale.I mention that little fact, because I went in the Cosmopolitan and some of the other restaurants wouldn't even turn their heads for me. DOCG sat me at the bar, but that's okay. It had been a long day, and I wanted a drink.I ordered a rum-and-coke (very smooth); then the sauteed spinach and a New York strip. I was served at the bar. They provided me with a peppercorn sauce I didn't even need.The spinach was superb. The steak was tender, but cooked a smige more than medium. I would not have returned it, even if I had been in a more discriminating mood.  I enjoyed the restaurant. I'd recommend it to anyone who wanted fine dining and a night on the town at a trendy, upscale place.
4	I'm pretty tough on restaurants when it comes to pizza..I'm from New Haven, the home of the best pizza in the country...and been throughout Italy looking for great pizza..and I was very surprised at how good the pizza was at DOCG...it's all in the crust..and they make the dough there...Service was friendly and attentive..when I'm back in Vegas and want pizza..I'll be going back to DOCG...
4	Went here this past Saturday before Marquee and was pleasantly surprised by the good food. I had the Malloreddus pasta, which was awesome! Decent portion, tons of sausage, though I couldn't really taste the mushroom... unless they were the olive-looking things... My friends ordered the sausage pizza, which was mediocre, and the DOCG pizza, which was really good! They crack the poached egg on the pizza at your table. So cool! I wish I could go back right now!
5	Delicious thin crust pizza & plump fries that actually tasted like potatoes! Mmmm Great place to dine quickly, yet keep with a fine dining ambiance. Since it's in the Cosmopolitan, it's very busy but filled with many interesting, good looking people. Very satisfying but not over the top filling... I went straight to Marquee after eating & danced without feeling like I had committed carbicide! Yeaaa!
4	Best service I've ever had in Vegas - from the hostess to the manager to our server.We were in Vegas celebrating a birthday, and had dinner reservations for 9 people.  Our table wasn't ready when we arrived so the manager comped a round of drinks at the bar for us.  Incredibly generous since our table was ready in 10 minutes.Our waiter, Travis, was from Lousiana and has a great personality.  Friendly and helpful but also professional.  He made some great food suggestions. Most of our table had steak and everyone thought it was great.  We also tried the mushrooms and various salads.  Everything was good.I'm only giving 4 stars because I'm a vegetarian and I think they can step up the veggie offerings.  I had the gnudi (sp?) which was ok but a little bland.  But it was the only veggie item I could find on the menu.  But even with bland gnudi, I'll be back.
5	We had some of our favorite bites at D.O.C.G. Enoteca.  Favorites:- Arugula/Pinenut salad- Caramel Budino with sea salt (ohmygoodness)- Veal RaviolinisLiked a lot:- DOCG Pizza- Meats and Cheeses- Panna CottaEh:- Bread basketThe food and service were both so good.  The salad was amazing, and I can still dream about the caramel budino.  I have raved about my Butterscotch Budino from Pizzeria Mozza and this isn't better (nothing is better) but its super close.The two negatives was how damn noisy the restaurant is. And the tables are very long and narrow, so we were about 9ft away from each other and yelled across the table all night.The other negative was the reservation process.  One of my husband's goals in life is to secure the perfect dinner reservations.  Our first date he had made reservations for a fabulous table at an empty restaurant.  He's damn good at it.  So when he called DOCG to confirm and they said they didn't have our reservation, I only blame them.  They didn't apologize and they offered us reservations for 2.5 hours later.  We showed up anyways (didn't mention our reservation snafu) and were seated immediately.  It really started our night off poorly and I was ready to hate on them.But then I started eating and all was forgiven!  I'm now planning our visit to Scott Conant's Scarpetta in LA!
3	Good food but a Very expensive wine list with very few under $40 options. The only $9 glass of wine was absolutely horrible. We should have had them take it back it was so bad
4	We came in for the $30.11 restaurant week dinner menu.First CourseCaprese; Bufala Mozzarella & Heirloom Tomatoes and Fried Calamari; Spicy Tomato SauceSecond CoursePizza Margherita and Ravioli; Veal Spinach, Parmigiano SauceThird CourseVanilla Panna CottaScumptious focaccia and Italian bread with vinegar and oil got us started, and appetizers followed. The calamari was a bit tough, but it was well seasoned and lightly breaded. Had it been cooked just a bit less I think it could have been very good. The caprese was nice, the mozzarella was creamy and delicious. It was also the highlight of the pizza, which otherwise fell flat for me. I actually prefer the hidden pizza joint's slices. My fault for ordering the pizza from the pasta guy. The ravioli was fantastic. Fortunately, my husband was a dear and shared a few with me. They were rich and luscious. The panna cotta to finish was light and tasty. It was beautifully set and full of vanilla flavor. Had we skipped the pizza and calamari it would've been a perfect meal. Still, I was quite pleased and I really look forward to trying Scarpetta.
5	The reviews did not strike me to go, but since I'm a Scott Conant's fan, I had to try. I picked up food there on the way to a show. Pizza, some pasta balls and chocolate budino. Everything was fantastic, simple flavors with a taste of heaven!
4	We went here for the first evening of our girls weekend in Vegas. We had reservations and our table was ready when we arrived. Very prompt service and delightful waitstaff. The wine our waitress suggested was a perfect pairing with the scallops I had for dinner. We had the cheese and duck egg fondue for an appetizer and it was spectacular. My scallops were good but not great. The veal ravioli that one of my girlfriends ordered was out of this world. We had a delightful time and I would definitely go back next time for a romantic evening with my husband.
2	We tried this restaurant last week. We ordered the "Assagini," an appetizer in which we could choose from 4 items. We chose the fennel & orange, artichokes & sorrel, brussel spouts, & beets & feta. This appetizer was the highlight of the meal. Each of them were pretty tasty. For the main course, I ordered the "Gnudi, Spinach Ricotta, Sage & Parmigiano" a recommendation from our server over the Spaghetti al Pesto, and my boyfriend had "Braised Short Ribs, Polenta, & Vegetables." My boyfriend felt his meal was "okay," but mine was less than satisfactory. They were a bunch of doughy balls that tasted like mushy parmesan cheese. I couldn't even taste the spinach. I wouldn't have minded having 1 or 2 as an appetizer, but for a whole meal, it was a little much. The consistency was too mushy & bland. The experience wasn't horrible, but I probably wouldn't go here again.
3	The food was just ok but our bartender was absolutely amazing. Funny. Made great recommendations.
3	The service was top of the line.  Atmosphere is fun, fairly loud - ensure you are having a cocktail or glass of wine.The rating is for the food - which was passable, but in no way memorable.
4	Came here for dinner with my GF.  Casual place inside the Cosmo.  Very good quality food and price was very reasonable for vegas.  Had salad, pizza, and pasta dish (which filled us up) for around $50.  Our server (Cassidey) was great and gave us a free dessert for my birthday.   In a land of overpriced meals, this place was a great place to eat dinner
5	AMAZING! SIMPLY AMAZING!My wonderful boyfriend took me here when we were in town. It's a great date location. Our waitress was AMAZING. She was knowledgeable, friendly, gave great recommendations, and was super nice.The ambiance is very casual, modern, and cool. Not overly pretentious, snobby, or intimidating. We ordered the following: - Stromboli, Salami & Smoked Mozzarella- Soppressata, Red Pepper & Fresh Ricotta Pizza- Raviolini, Veal, Spinach, Parmigiano & SageEverything we ordered was delish! I adore gourmet pizza and their pizza definitely was top notch in quality. Every dish you can really taste the quality of their ingredients yet it wasn't overly rich with flavor. It was light and filling. I loved it all! I only wish I could have saved room for dessert but we were just way too full!We loved it here and we would totally come back when we are in town again. Great service, wonderful menu, delicious food, and great ambiance makes this place a 5 stars in my book!
4	Stellar service!  (Not being biased because I know a guy ;)Our waitress knew her stuff and had excellent recommendations.  I was in a bit of a time crunch and had the Prosciutto, Argula & Parmigiano Pizza and this special martini that I can't remember the name of now that I think about it.. must have been that good? You be the judge. :)
5	Quite possibly the very best Italian food I have ever eaten.  I had the veal ravioli.  Sounds heavy, but it was light and buttery.   Fantastic food, casual, homey atmosphere.  Can't wait to go back.  I will eat there every time I go to Vegas.  Prices weren't bad either!
3	Dinner did not start off so well for us. We had made a reservation for a party of 6 and 4 using the concierge. They had told us that the system would not allow a party of 10, but she did request that we where sat tougher. When we arrived they had our reservation, but knew nothing about the 2 groups. After a bit of waiting they did manage to get us a table of 10. After all of the the manger did comp us a bottle of Lambrusco, very nice of him to do that for us!Our server took very good care of us, we placed our orders and where off and running. Our appetizers came out and the table really enjoyed them.The main course was a bit all over the place. I, along with a couple others had the brazed short ribs, my girl had the pork chop, and the rest had a variety of dishes. My short ribs where very good, but a little over powering. All i could taste was the brazing, and if i bothered to put any polenta on my fork I could not taste it at all. I would have to drink a little water just to be able to taste anything else. Everyone else said there meal was good, but nothing amazing.We also decided to order a bottle of white and red wine. My uncle was the one ordering and he had a very hard time trying to pick a bottle out that came close to matching the price. He said everything was very very expensive. We decided with a bit of help from the waiter on a couple. Again everyone said both the red and white where good, but nothing amazing.Next time I go to vegas or Csomo I have no plans on going to DOCG again. It is just casual enough to make you think it is a nice little place to grab a bit, but pricey enough to make you think it is a high end restaurant. Sorry but I would rather take my money down to wicked spoon for dinner.
5	Excellent Italian dinner!  Started off with a beautiful salame pizza, followed by a salad and a wonderful veal & spinach ravioli.  Excellent and decently priced bottle of wine.  The caramel budino was heavenly!  Would easily go back!
4	Made last minute reservation, a casual Italian restaurant, large selections of Italian wines, good menu offers salad, pizza, pasta, steak, chops, chicken...etc. The decor is at once modern and rustic with exposed brick and reclaimed wood.Decor: 4Food: 5Service: 4Ambiance: 3.5Total bill for 2 with 1 Stella beer and desert :$97! Good value!Complimentary bread: yummyFried Calamari, Tomato and Basil: yummySausage stuffed olives: so yummyWood Roasted Chicken, Spring Vegetables: amazingMalloreddus, Semolina Gnocchi, Sausage Porcini Mushrooms: amazingTiramisu Parfait: the bombShot of espresso: so goodLoved our food! Portions were large! The service was great too, very attentive and friendly. This restaurant is small and crowded with some outside seats. A perfect place for a casual dinner or group dining.
2	Eh.The food did not come out as hot as I would have liked. I was able to see my table's plates stay stationary under the heating lamps. They somehow managed to botch up a margherita pizza. Other reviews have their pizza coming to the table burnt, our pizza seemed to be undercooked significantly. For the price, location, and all the hubbub about it, it wasn't that good.Return visit... nope.
2	I don't know how this place has such a high rating. Besides a good wine selection the food is nasty and over priced. They have more wine choices then food choices. The only reason it's getting two stars instead of one is because of the super friendly bus boy.
5	Went here this past Sat for dinner. We usually go to Scarpetta but it was closed for holidays so we were eager to try something new and being a Scott Conant fan , I had no doubt it would be fabuolous....well , it didn't disappoint. The staff at all of Conants places ar top notch. Loved the service. We ate a big lunch earlier so we decided to go "light" so we ordered the Affettati Misti which is the chef's selection of cured meats and cheeses for our app.It was devine! The selection of meats and cheese were perfect and the Olives were outstanding. We Then shared a Sausage , Broccoli Rabe and Provolone Pizza. Cooked in DOCG's woodfire brick oven , it was done perfectly , nice and even with a little black on the edge of the crust. My wife and I agreed that it was as good as pizza gets. If you have tried Scott's famous Spaghetti at Scarpetta then you know the secret is in the sauce. The same for this Pizza. The freshness of the sauce is the key to any good pie and DOCG brings it!! For dessert we ordered The Caramel Budino (which when we eat next door at Scarpetta ,we have the waiter run over and get it for us) ....this dessert is just sexy, rich and creamy with the sweet and salty........oh...my...God....... Thank you Scott
3	Waiters and waitresses were friendly, helpful, and courteous. This restaurant leans more to the romantic side of the spectrum, with smaller portions that appeal to your eyes. The Fregola Cocktail was strong, but refreshing and delicious. The Sclalatielli (not sure if I spelled this right) was probably my favorite pasta because it was mildly spicy and filled with delicious flavors. The Ribeye Chop, Pici Pasta, and Raviolini were also delicious.
4	Our first meal our first night in Vegas. It was crowded and loud, but what isn't like that in Vegas? Did I mention it was loud? We also had to sit next to the area where the waiters place orders and pay bills which was akward. The food really saved the place. We ordered alot, and every bit of it was amazing. The service was pretty great as well.
5	Absolutely DELICIOUS!  I was hesitate to try this place due to mix reviews but now this is the best italian place I've ever been too! I recommend the Scialatielli Pasta "Arrabbiata"  with lobster and shrimp or the Raviolini, Veal, Spinach, Parmiagiano and Sage. The Scialatielli Pasta "Arrabbiata" with lobster and shrimp was my absolute fav! Arrabbiata is a spicy sauce, it had just the right of spicy. Also, the lobster they were not stingy! They had piece of claw and the tail in there. The shrimp was perfect and not overly cooked, didn't taste rubbery. The Scialatielli pasta was so fresh and perfectly cooked! It was savory and flavorful! This dish is $30.If you want something more settle and creamy, I would get the Raviolini with Veal, Spinach, Parmiagiano and Sage. They give you about 15 raviolis not the big kind its more than an inch all around. The filling inside is so delicious!  The veal is so tender and soft.  The sauce they put on top is creamy. I think it was brown butter sauce with parmesan cheese and sage. This dish is $22.Both these dishes were incredible! I wanted more after I finished, I licked the plate dry (not literally, but I wanted to).The ambiance is romantic/ casual. Because the place wasn't too dark or too bright, it was I thought nicely lit you can see everything. The waitress was so friendly and I asked her for recommendations and she recommended these plates and told us that there known for the pastas and I love pasta! I am so glad that she was right because the way she described it was totally how it tasted. Came to the hostess table had to wait about 20-30 minutes without reservations and if I'm ever in Vegas I will be coming again!Also, this place is owned by Scott Conant and I'm a big fan of him. He did not disappoint!
3	Meh all around except for ambiance. We had a group of 6 so we really ordered a lot of different dishes and I didn't find any particularly great. Most were okay. The thin crust pizzas I've def had a lot better elsewhere and would not consider this an exceptional place for it. The ones here were burnt, I.e the fresh basil on one of the pizzas was actually completely black not just slightly smoky. And the combinations of ingredients looked classic with a twist but something was always a bit off, as in you expect it to be really good like classic flavors but with a nice bite of edge but these were never as good as the classic flavors. Actually we ordered their special pizza of the night, which was a spicy mushroom and sundried tomato pizza, sounded amazing but it was way too spicy like I've never had a pizza in my life, no one could have more than a piece and the mushrooms were really tough. We also had plenty of appetizers like calamari and their caprese salad with beet both were okay, just good enough. So would not highly recommend this restaurant.  I think it's very average and I don't get the good reviews, but if you're just stopping by for convenience why not.
5	Best Italian joint in the city!  The pici with duck is so insanely delicious... I swear, I dream about it.  The caramel dessert is super outstanding.  Great service too!  If you're feeling adventurous, try the pizza with the duck egg.  YUM x10!
4	My co-worker made us a reservation here during CES and since it's in the new Cosmopolitan Hotel, I was expecting an extremely trendy overly priced menu in a scenster environment.  But since's a foodie, I trusted her recommendation and agreed to go. It was not pretentious or filled with annoying scantily clad club hoppers, the buzz in the air was light and the music turned at a volume that made conversation without yelling possible.  Their specialty is a pizza cooked in their wood burning oven, which sounded delightful, but I was looking for something lower in carbs to offset the beers that I intended to drink.Our appetizers were a mix of meats with cheese and the grilled filone, duck egg and fonduta (grilled bread with a duck egg mixed in cheese).  The assortment of cheeses was ideal, but the cured meats had a few more samplings than any of us cared to try.  Although the apps were only okay, my entree of short ribs were so tender that I could have eaten them with a spoon. The flavor was a mix of sweet and savory as I let each bite sit in my mouth for just a second to get the full flavor. Divine.  The table shared the fries and polenta, both were quite good, but were paled by the massive selection of wine and delectable short ribs. YUM.
2	On a floor with a pool table and much pricier restaurants, DOCG is...very much okay. The food isn't quite as expensive as its compatriots, the offerings not quite as extravagant or interesting. Sure the bread was nice at the beginning, but the best part were those pre-packaged bread sticks. Like me some crunch. I ordered the DOCG pizza. It's got a fried egg, this year's pork belly. It's got truffle on it, now for the common man. The waiter even breaks the eggs and smears it over the pizza. I am salivating from the smell of truffles and baby chickens. But the TASTE? Where did the taste go. There is no truffle kick. There isn't even a truffle whimper. I am so sad. I spend the rest of the dinner staring at Comme Ca, drinking wine.
4	My friends and I were looking for a decent meal to sustain us before a night out. While some went to grab Mickey D's, we thought we'd go for DOCG which is located right next to Marquee.It proved to have a decently priced menu for those looking for a good meal without dropping lots of cash. Table ordered as so:Calamari appetizerSignature DOCG pizzaMargherita pizzaOther pizza that I don't rememberFragola cocktail -- perfect combo of sweet and sourMojito -- pretty strong compared to most drinks in vegasI think my friends thought the meal was on par for the price in Vegas, and we had prompt, complete service. Pretty ambivalent.My bf and I, on the other hand, LOVED their DOCG pizza. The egg on top?! I had never heard/seen of that before, and it was just like amazing heaven in our mouths. The calamari and the drinks were also good, but that pizza. Made the night for us.We seriously thought about getting it for breakfast when we left on Sunday morning. It was *that* good.And yes, you should get it tonight if you are in Cosmopolitan thinking about dinner. Yeah, you. I see you reading! Go get the pizza.
4	We started off with the calamari, which was excellent.  I should have ordered my first choice, which was the filet mignon.  I ordered the pici pasta, which had duck in it.  It sounds good, but was way way too rich.  Especially with red wine.  I could only eat a 1/2 of it.  The whole time I was eyeing my friend devouring her filet mignon.   Something to look forward to next time.
5	Fantastic service. Excellent meal.  Never order pork but made an exception because the waiter insisted and it was well worth it!  The caramel budino for dessert, it was so much fun; salty sweet is just right after a meal.
4	D.O.C.G. is a casual yet contemporary Italian restaurant featuring pizza, pasta, steaks and chops, in addition to a large selection of italian wines. I loved their  decor which was modern yet rustic with exposed brick and reclaimed wood. The restaurant is a decently sized, great vibe restaurant that has dimly lit lighting & more than anything, everyone here was super friendly!As for their food...Handmade pasta & pizza were both good, but pasta was excellent while pizza was somewhat more on the disappointing side.We first ordered 2 pastas, 1 pizza & a side, but ended up ordering 1 more pizza for party of four after realizing that the pizza is pretty small. But don't over-order when you are hungry because as it turned out . . . we were being super greedy because we ended up taking back the pizza we ordered at the end!-Pici-braised duck sauce & black truffles: As the server kept pointing out that the this has strong flavors...it really does, but in a very good way! I loved how everything went together and although this is definitely a "heavy pasta", it is super delicious and didn't make me want to stop eating as some heavier pastas do. I loved how tender the duck meat was & just how subtle yet strong the truffle flavor came together in the dish.-Scialatielli pasta "arrabbiata" with lobster & shrimp: Another great pasta! Pasta portions are not large, but they also weren't stingy with their seafood, which is a plus. This is slightly on the spicy side, but again, all the flavors complements one another in the dish!-Brussels sprouts & spicy sausage: We wanted lighted side dish that we can eat..If you are looking for something like that, this isn't it.. This particular dish was good! But almost too much sausage than I wished (trust me, I am a carnivore) for brussels sprouts-Margherita-bufala mozzarella & tomatoes: I love the simplicity of margherita pizzas, but this wasn't the best I had...-"The D.O.C.G.pizza"- fonduta, egg & truffles: Majorly disappointed because it seemed so interesting! Yeah, I wanted to try it so much that we ended up ordering this half-way through our dinner. But it's on the heavy-bland side... It's heavy in a sense that you can totally taste the cheese, egg and truffles, but at certain point, it because very boring...Not sure how to explain it, but definitely disappointed with this. If I based the rating just on pastas, I would actually give it a 5 but since I had to even it out with their pizza, I give 4 stars. I don't like repeating restaurants much but I would go back for their flavorful pastas!
2	Came here for a late dinner.  As all late dinners on the strip, it was too busy for my taste.  I would call it more of a bar atmosphere than a dining one.  The tables are too close to each other that the waiters need the body control of a dancer in order to maneuver through the jungle of  tables.  I would not be surprised if they are violating any fire/OSHA codes for walkway clearance.We ordered the D.O.C.G Pizza.  It's OK for what it is.  Crust was a bit to thick in my opinion.  The taste was a bit monotone, richness of the Fonduta, Egg, and Truffle was not exciting.  I think if side dish of something acidic would have made the pizza more enjoyable. What was also ordered was the "Assagini" of fennel&orange, brusselsprouts, beets&feta, and artichokes&sorrel.  Shouldn't these items be served at least at room temperature.  It was served too cold, could probably be some health code food storage requirement.  I enjoyed the fennel&orange the most as it had the brightest flavor of all the things we ate.
5	Really like this place! Great authentic Naples style pizza. they use only authentic ingredients (caputo flour,San Marzano tomatoes etc)  Don't expect pizza hut or CPK style chicken pizza here! This is just like what they serve in Naples (birthplace of pizza) from the chewy texture to the wonderful charred  flavor of the crust (wood oven) it's just like it's supposed to be. (noticed some of the comments about (burned pizza it's intentionally charred) Love the classic Margarita, the sausage, as well as the arugula pizza.  Pastas and salami's very good. Also nice light crispy calamari. Good wine choices if a bit pricey (typical for the strip) Service is solid and bartenders friendly.. Enjoy!
2	Apparently this place is well-known for their wines, but we did not have a chance to try it.  My friends and I were super tired and wanted to eat somewhere for dinner before going out so we decided to stay at the hotel and check out one of the restaurants. By chance, we gave D.O.C.G. Enoteca a try. Their food was not bad, but not exceptional. Their salads are tiny and really pricey. Definitely not for sharing. I do recommend their pizzas, however.  We ordered one measly two-bite salad and two pizzas among 5 girls and it came out to about $60.   The service here was not as great either. Our server was nice, but very nonchalant and did not seem to be too happy to be either serving us, or working, or both? We compared the outgoing, loud server to ours at the next table and were surprised at the different experience the other diners were having near us.
2	My buddy and I ended up here exploring the cosmopolitan hotel and casino. We just ended up here as most others places had a line up.Menu is straight forward and interestingly the servers speak with an Italian accent :) Ah well its Vegas after all. We ordered a Grilled Filone, Duck Egg & Fonduta to share, I ordered a braised short rib and my buddy ordered a Prosciutto, Arugula & Parmigiano Pizza. The food arrived in a reasonable amount of time.  The appetizer was expectantly rich as the duck egg added a nice layer to flavors.Unfortunately the good stuff stopped here my short ribs were below average and were not falling apart as I would expect them to be. No rich layers of taste just plain. My buddy found his pizza to be extremely salty and actually left most of it. We paid a decent amount of money here and expect better.
4	This place was not large at all.  Since we had a party of 8, there were limited places they could put us and we ended up in the outer portion of the restaurant basically in the main walkway of the cosmopolitan (it was roped off and made for good people watching...)  The table got some of the pizzas for appetizers and got 2 kinds...a margharita and Soppressata, Red Pepper & Fresh Ricotta.  I only tried the margharita and I wasn't impressed.  I don't like any portion of my pizza burnt and parts of the crust was and ruined the flavor to me.  I got the lamb t-bone with bearnaise sauce as my meal with a side of tuscan french fries with garlic and parmesan and it did not disappoint.  It was absolutely fantastic.  I devoured the lamb.  I would definitely get that again.  Prices were definitely Vegas expensive, but I wasn't paying for it, so I could care less...lol
4	Ate here two nights in a row. Had the branzino one night and steak the next. Both really tasty. Service was terrific. Our server was Casey (?sp). She was the best.
5	All I have to say is D.O.C.G. pizza. Get it! Best pizza I have EVER had....I only wish I could have it every week here in Boston. Server was a little scary......but food was amazing! I will be back!
2	This place was amazingly BAD. I was so excited to try it based on the owner and his philosophy on pasta, that even the most simple pasta should be the most delicious. Well, the BF and I split the mista salad, the macaroni with polpeta (?) (meatballs really), and a side of polenta. The salad was fine, it was very oniony, but I don't mind that. The pasta was TERRIBLE! It tasted like chef boyardee. Really. It was extremely bland and boring. I found it difficult to eat, it was so bad. The polenta was ok, but it was super rich, but not very flavorful. The meal cost about 40$...the worst 40$ spent in Vegas. Don't waste your time here, go eat at the secret pizza place...it's better.
1	We were in Vegas for a catering show/birthday/anniversary trip and since we've seen Scott Conant on a few tv shows and heard good things about him, we decided to try the "casual, rustic' wine bar as opposed to the upscale Scarpetta next door. The seating is a joke. Way too close to the next table. We were involved in three different conversations, and there were only two of us dining. The wine list is STUPIDLY EXPENSIVE. Scott, I hope you read this. $50 for a bottle of Ca' del Sarto Pinot Grigio is criminal. I own a restaurant.... a 3x markup is common , 4x expensive, but 6 times the cost. You've gotta be kiddin' me! And no bottle of red under $60. Absolute robbery.I was so pissed at the wine prices that the food didn't even appeal to me. We ordered a truffle pizza with egg that was pretty good and a pizza with soppressata that seemed a little off to me. The crust was good. The service was average, a number of the perimeter lights  in the ceiling were flickering, and the hostess was dressed like a hooker. I was very dissapointed and wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
1	Normally I do not "Yelp" I find Yelp to be obnoxious and absolutely annoying but this place is forcing my hand. The food was fine not great not bad. Not super memorable. The service is what killed me. Our server did not give a rip and I felt like we were ruining her day. The sad part is she already knew she was getting a tip since we were a party of 8 so ultimately I don't think she cared. Granted I should have said something to a manager/ anyone. When I go back to Vegas I will not be visiting here.
2	Pasta entrees were small and it seemed like the chef's idea of flavor was just to add a ton of salt. Have had better tasting pasta at Sbarro. The "patio" area is just a bunch of tables in front, so with the foot traffic and an indoor space, I felt like I was having dinner at the mall. Which would be fine except we dropped +$200 and I was hungry again a few hours later. For that amount of $ just go to a buffet.
2	I will start off by saying, I did not eat here.  I ordered two desserts to go and had a drink at the bar while I waited for them.  We were staying at the Cosmo and had just eaten at Holsteins so my wife and I decided to get some desserts to take to the room.First off, the bartender was a fool.  I drink lots of Bourbon.  Not a lot all at once but a lot of kinds.  I know a fair amount about Bourbon and Bourbon Cocktails but I wanted to see what the bartender knew.  I asked him if they had a specialty Bourbon Cocktail he could make me.  He said he didn't but asked me if I'd 'step outside the box' and have Whiskey drink.  Are you kidding me dude?  I'll step outside the box and kick you in the shin for being a fool.  I had his boxed up drink called the 'Don Giovanni' and it was disgusting.  I had to suck it down because I paid $15 for it.  It tasted like grapefruit juice and gross put together.  Onto the desserts.  I had heard of this Caramel Budino and I love sweet and salty as much as the next guy, or girl.  This was waaaaayyyyyy too salty.  I'm talking about the fact that it was disgusting if you just had a bite of the caramel because of the salt factor.  It was only good when you added chocolate.  That's great and everything but I think the two need to compliment each other and you should be able to eat them separate.  When one component completely relies on the other, I call it a failure.  The Olive Cake isn't even worth mentioning because the wonderful bartender reccomended it to me.  I pretty much wasted $35 on two meh desserts and some cough syrup.
4	In a sea of BS mediocrity of Vegas celeb chef restaurants, this one stands out and delivers.  Prices are up there but at least they deliver with quality. Respect for that . Show up after drinks because wine pricing is waaaay off
2	After eating at Scarpetta, I had high expectations for this place.  Unfortunately, it left a bad taste in my mouth - even the bread was meh.  I had the Pici with duck sauce as it was highly yelped about.  The noodles though were too thick and a little too al dente.  The sauce was overwhelming and so rich it made it difficult to eat much.My friend had the carpaccio, which was very bland.  The dessert menu was so underwhelming that we passed - which never happens!I wish we had hit up Scarpetta instead!
4	I was here for dinner for night 2 of my bachelorette party.  Right from the get go, we had a reservation so our table was ready when we got there and we were definitely seated right away.  The staff and servers were very knowledgeable about the wines and food, which was helpful since I am in no way a wine connoisseur.  The food is great, but the menu is not that extensive... With such a small menu, I would hope that everything would be perfect! For appetizers, we shared cheese/meat plate, calamari and Margherita pizza.  The cheese selection was incredible; I liked that they provided you a variety of cheeses from creamy and wonderful to tart/tangy.  The calamari was great as well... Flash fried to perfection but I think they could have done a better with the dipping sauces since they tasted a bit bland.  The pizza was fresh from the oven and I love that the crust was crispy and dough-y at the same time.  For dinner, I had the Gnudi, Spinach Ricotta, Porcini-Truffle Crema.  This translates to cheesy, warm, RICH goodness.  If I had not been going out drinking later, I probably would have eaten the whole thing, but I was going to Marquee later that night so I pretty much did not want to have such a rich pasta dish and fall asleep at the club... LOL. The dish is made up of several gnudi (a big cheesy ball of pasta) and  the spinach ricotta/porcini-truffle crema sauce... The sauce is green, creamy, and cheese... SO DELICIOUS.  If you're a cheese lover, I highly recommend! I loved the atmosphere, loved the staff, and the food was priced just right.  Pros:-Nice Staff-Well-priced-Excellent FoodCons:-Appetizers can bland-LOUDTips:-Make a reservation! -Appetizers are meant to share
4	I thought it was good.  Was it fanstastic?  Not really, but my friend and I who love great food walked away completely satisfied and happy we decided to give it a try.  Some of the reviews bothered me a little because it probably isn't as good as Scarpetta's but it is not as expensive either, so that is expected.   If you are watching your pennies, you probably could find a better bite for a little less, but I thought it was a great dinner.  (Just as a reference we had a mozz plate, the raviolni, red pepper pizza, and garlic fries...probably could had done without the fries, but the rest was great.)
4	Just had a quick bite at the bar before catching a flight so not a full review, but I wanted to support a solid establishment. I had the sausage, broccoli pizza and it was fantastic. It's a naples style brick oven pizza, think Numero 28 on Carmine street, and it has a good chewy crust that is not too heavy. Good portion size and a great value if you are looking for a quick bite. Also had the brussel sprout side, which was good in concept but a little lacking in execution (wish the sprouts were caramelized a bit more).Decent but not great wine menu. Definitely planning to have another meal there the next time i'm in town.
2	Two $$?  Not!  Try $$$$-$$$$$Overrated.
5	I'm almost afraid to post this review because I really want to go back here and the I don't want it to be so crowded that I can't get in.Dinner at D.O.C.G. was the highlight of a recent trip.  The food was wonderful, and surprisingly reasonable, particularly compared to a lot of the local restaurants. The staff was friendly, well-informed and very competent.  Everything we ordered was sooooo good.  The pizza with rapini and sausage was great.  The Tuscan fries were delicious. The rapini side dish was perfectly cooked. But, OMG, the Berkshire pork chop was absolutely the most incredible pork chop I've ever had.  It was tender and juicy and flavorful and outstanding in every way.I wish D.O.C.G. had a Los Angeles location since I only get to Las Vegas once or twice a year!  On the other hand, this restaurant is worth the trip.
3	Met up with friends here for a late lunch/early dinner. The food looked good (I had a glass of house wine) but was way overpriced. I also ended up $15 for a glass of house red wine. HOUSE RED is $15?!?!?!Won't be going back - although the Cosmo is an awesome place to hang out for sure!
1	Went here for our 1 year wedding anniversary, & completely regret it. With all of the dining choices in Las Vegas, extremely disappointed we chose D.O.C.G. To start our dinner off, our waiter brought us  bread, which was nice, until we noticed that he forgot to give us oil & vinegar, like every other table around us. He didn't explain any of the dishes, which he did for the table right next to us. Too bad we had already ordered, because it would've been nice to get the same explanations & recommendation. Dinner finally arrived after we waited for at least 45-50 minutes? No apology from our waiter, though I noticed several diners who had arrived after us finishing their desserts, & signing their checks. Once we had our food, not once did our waiter check to see if everything came out alright, which it didn't. My husband had the d.o.c.g. pizza, which was completely under done, & chewy, most likely the result of rushing to get it out of the oven. When our waiter finally returned to our table, he was shocked to find we didn't want dessert. Totally ruined what was to be a wonderful anniversary dinner. I don't even want to mention the party that was sat next to us (practically on top of us) talking about doing drugs & partying. Thank you, Scott Conant for ruining our 1st anniversary. D.O.C.G. should be CHOPPED!!!!
4	I went to dinner here for my last night in vegas on a business training trip.I sat at the bar and ordered.  Prosciutto and arugula pizza.  I had one glass of arneis while waiting for my pizza and a vermentino along with the pizza.  The pizza was a classic Italian (not American) pizza.  Thin, crispy and chewy.  Not overloaded with ingredients.  It was a tad expensive but I'm glad that I went.  Two good wines of varietals that are rare by the glass in the US and a good pizza, yea, I was happy.
4	My husband & I dined here last week and truly enjoyed it!!!  Everything our waiter had suggested was on point, from apps to dessert, was more than i had expected for each dish to be.  Thank you for a wonderful evening!!!!!  I'm still dreaming of their signature dessert, "Vanilla Caramel Budino w/ Salted caramel sauce" !!!!!!!  Yummy!!!We'll definitely be back soon !!!
3	After leaving the restaurant with our group of 9 we would have given them 4 stars... But as the night...and next day progressed any one who ate the Beef Carpaccio would  have given them a 1.The value and the food was wonderful. The ambience would have great if they hadn't put us outside of the restaurant with loud hipsters and clubbers walking past us and bumping into the railings.The pizzas were wonderful and the food is easy to share. It is unfortunate that many of us got sick (I am still sick 3 days later) from the beef carpaccio.
3	I just feel like this space has a little bit of an identity crisis.  An enoteca is a wine bar, right?  The atmosphere does indeed fit that description - loud space and crowded tables.  And the wine I sampled was quite delicious, however I felt like the menu was mixed between the bar side of things and the fine dining side.  My appetizer of arancini was good and my entree of scialatielli with fresh pasta, lobster, shrimp and a spicy tomato sauce was delicious, but for $34 I should have gone next door to Scarpetta for the same delicious pasta, but a much nicer atmosphere.Maybe if I really only wanted pizza or salad, this would be the spot, but a good portion of their menu is dedicated to steaks, veal chops, short ribs and other higher end items that didn't seem to fit the space.For dessert I tried their "famous" salted caramel budino.  The sauce was delicious, but the pudding had an unpleasant texture that was slightly starchy.  I would imagine it just hadn't been cooked properly and is probably quite good usually.
3	What's with the last few places that I've been to, all three stars/average places.  Anyway located in the hip and trendy Cosmopolitan (where girls line up to get into Marquee) is D.O.C.G.  It's a small restaurant compared to its neighbors of Comme Ca and Jaleo.  My customer and I shared the grilled octopus and fried calamari (apparently we like squid that much) and I had the Pici (duck pasta with black truffles) and he had the oxtail ravioli.  The grilled octopus was the highlight.  Done just right with good amount of flavor it was really the only dish I liked.  The fried calamari could have been better.  It was dry and just didn't have great taste.  The pici, surprised me in the sense that I thought there would pieces of black truffle and small amounts of duck but it was the opposite.  It was pretty heavy and didn't have any hints of truffle.  The oxtail ravioli was a bit lighter than the pici but it was average.  Service was professional and atmosphere is so-so.  I probably would go to other places to try or eat at Comme Ca or Jaleo again.
3	The place served good food,  but nothing really special.  The spaghetti and meatballs was sold to me as the best I'll ever eat,  maybe because it had a nicer name (macheroni).   It tasted like very good spaghetti with small meatballs that weren't very special.  The food and wine was very expensive.  A very small glass of so-so chianti was $14.  I expected much more of the food, based on how they positioned this restaurant.  They focused on atmosphere,  aura, price,  and quality of ingredients instead of the menu,  flavors,  and textures. There is no kids menu,  which I think is a big mistake; however they were very accommodating to make something the kids would like.I'm not planning on returning.  There are better places in. Vegas across the whole price spectrum.
4	Denominazione di Origine Controllata e Garantita... (I looked that up, I'm not that smart)Restaurant is high energy even on a Monday night.  Our server was very attentive.  Despite the negative reviews, I really enjoyed myself here.The calamari was one of the best I have ever had.  Lightly battered, really fresh.The prosciutto pizza I really liked.  I can totally tell how some people may not like it, because the dough is very doughy, which I know a lot of people are not a fan of.  But I love all pizza, I'll gladly eat a Lean Pocket and have a moment of umami with it.Desert was the salted caramel budino.  I must say it was delicious, but it is made with no regard for human health. (Sugar overload)  There is a layer of caramel that is an inch thick over caramel pudding.  Very sweet, rich desert.  I would try this once, and I would share it.  It is quite memorable and delicious.This is a perfect spot to have a quick bite before going out.  On that same note, you could have a hearty Italian meal and be completely stuffed as well.  I was under the impression that because it's at the Cosmo, it would be super expensive.  But it's really not like it's neighbors. Great experience, definitely bringing a group of friends back here.
2	Came to meet my friends here for a "quick bite". Got here and realized it was more of a wine bar type of atmosphere and none of us wanted to really drink wine. So we just ordered food and beer. Played it safe with some fried calamari, seemed fine to me and nothing extra spectacular. For my entree myself and another friend ordered the fried chicken - tuscan style. Waiter said it was really good and one of the best sellers. When we got it, we actually weren't sure that it was chicken that we were eating. The four pieces were tiny and extremely dry. It was lacking a lot of flavor. Maybe tuscan style fried chicken means dry and unseasoned? I would definitely give this place a chance next time if I wanted to drink wine and have some fresh oven baked pizza.
3	Trendy nice atmosphere.  We had the margarita pizza and thought the crust/dough was too soft, the Scialatielli pasta was really good but really small portion for the price.  Overall was a pleasant experience but would probably not return.
4	Great service!  I made reservations through open table and because they didnt have a table open yet the manager walked my group over to scarpetta (delicious place) and comp us all drinks.  That was very unexpected but it made us all happy.  The food came out very quick but it was slightly on the salty side but still tasted good. If you plan on going on the weekend during dinner time I suggest making reservations.
4	An excellent dining experience albeit a bit pricey for Italian food. The ambiance and atmosphere of this place is exceptional. Casual yet elegant. My service was absolutely extraordinary. All the servers were exceedingly attentive even if they weren't assigned to my table. There is a nice wine list and a moderate selection of unique beers including two from Italy. The price point for wine by the glass looked to be very inflated. I really wanted a nice red but I wasn't willing to pay their price point. Don't get me wrong, I'll pay$15-$20 for a glass of really good wine. I just didn't see any on their menu that warranted their prices. I had a nice and spicey pizza that was on special, it was clearly made from fresh ingredients and some quality Italian meats. They would do well to add it to their regular menu. A belgian beer, bottle of Pelegrino and the pizza set me back $50 with the tip. Great beer and great pizza but $50 seems steep for beer and pizza. But what is good beer and pizza worth?This is not the Olive Garden! I saw one couple get up and leave after they sat down and looked at the menu....I think they were looking for a cheaper Italian experience. I have had some really good Italian cooking for far less although this place beats any of those for ambiance. Except the actual restaurants I've eaten at in Italy! I would definitely go back.
2	I had the oxtail ravioli.  The sauce was good and the pasta was cooked well.  Didn't really have a lot of flavor, the dish could have used something else..  Also tried my friends' meatball thing?  It was green..  a plate of little meatballs..  Not a fan.Tasty, but not worth the prices.
4	Our last Restaurant Week meal was at D.O.C.G. We really enjoyed the meal there last year and look forward to trying it again. It was packed and bustling on Friday at seven o'clock. In fact our table for three was the only one open when we were seated. Our waitress was very friendly and it seemed every dish I ordered was her personal favorite. Other staff made for certain our water glass was never empty. We got started with Fried Calamari; Spicy Tomato Sauce, Beef Carpaccio; Caper Aioli, Baked Ricotta Salata and Fried Artichoke; Lemon & Thyme. Both the calamari and carpaccio were winning appetizers. The artichoke was overly fried. It was mostly inedible. Once the layers of char were peeled away, there was the tiniest bite of tender artichoke to be had. Entrees came next, Maccheroni; Polpettine & Home Style Sugo, Tuscan Fried Chicken, Summer Vegetables and Braised Short Rib; Polenta, Summer Vegetables.The chicken was the weak link. Decent, but difficult to eat. The pasta was fantastic. I'm in love with Scott Conant's pastas. They are always the perfect al dente. The meatballs weren't particularly notable, but those noodles? Yum! The short rib was fork tender and really wonderful. We ended with dessert a Caramel Budino; Salted Caramel Sauce and Marscarpone Cheesecake; Amaretti, Candied Kumquats. The Budino is luscious, sweet, but not overly so. The cheesecake was fantastic, light and creamy. A perfect end to a delicous meal.
3	We went here for dinner at the recommendation of a colleague.  We were told that the pasta is all hand made and "what to order".  I had trouble booking a table one week in advance on a Friday night when nothing was in town so we had to eat at 6:30.  Funny, how the restaurant was empty even when we left an hour later.  The server was odd to say the least.  The restaurant was freezing cold.  The mozzarella bar was very interesting and we tried it.  I was glad that we did as it was very original and of excellent quality.  This was the best part of our meal.We both ordered pasta and as expected the pasta itself was wonderful as it's so hard to find fresh prepared pasta any more.  Mine was salty but tasty.  My husband had lobster in his which was very nice.The portions were good, but the prices are high.  For the two of us each with a glass of wine, sharing the appetizer and each ordering pasta the bill was over $100.  While the pasta was very good, I can get a much better Italian meal with all the bells and whistles for alot less.  So, while I loved the pasta made fresh, I don't expect it's really worth it to return and we likely won't.
2	Disappointing...again.  Third visit.  First visit was awesome....with the owner in the house.  Second time service was good, food ok.  This visit on Friday 8/17/12 was very mixed.  Good service from the busboy.  Truly bad service from what allegedly was a food server.  Ordered olives, calamari and a pizza.  Calamari is extraordinary.  Olives were good.  The pizza was awful.  Burned on the bottom, a few sprinkles of sausage on what was supposed to be sausage pizza. Really?  You can't make pizza in an Italian joint? Like all celebrity owned restaurants.....if the owner ain't in the house you WILL be disappointed....as we were.
4	Holy yum!  To sum up my favorites, the DOCG Pizza is simply incredible, the duck pasta is to die for, and the wine selection is spot-on.  The restaurant has a low-key, but energetic environment in a cosmopolitan atmosphere (yes, pun intended.) Whether you're on a romantic date or out with a group of friends, it's the perfect spot to appease everyone. Insider Tip:  I've heard they share a kitchen with Scarpetta next door, so you're going to get the same great ingredients, but with a more fun and versatile menu.
1	What a rip off, insanely expensive - Horrible service, Mediocre food at best - I'd never go back.I visited last week with a well respected chef friend of mine after we had both had a long day.  So we weren't looking our sunday bests.the server Javier couldn't have been less happy to see us.  The restaurant was nearly empty. But, he couldn't be bothered.  The bus boy ended up serving us most of the time.Mozzbar - artichoke $10 - ridiculous for two pieces of toast - not interesting at all, no flavor - could have been greatly improved by simply adding salt and pepper.  http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8178/8074217340_93bca1a1f6_d.jpgpizza - soppressa $22 - soggy and worse than the pizza coming from the unsigned pizza closet across the hall or even pizza huthttp://farm9.staticflickr.com/8031/8074222739_f2c2ab4a2c_d.jpgtuscan chicken $30 - HA! - this was the most pathetic over cooked piece of crap I've ever had - 2 little legs and 2 little thighs that had meat more petrified than the worst bar chicken wings I've ever had.http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8182/8074213036_0922f741b8_d.jpgpasta - cavatelli $23  - soggy and unremarkable except for the price.http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8175/8074218998_1429d5d549_d.jpgAll in $130 w tip.  Never again.
1	We came here for dinner on our recent trip to Las Vegas, and after much anticipation decided it was totally not worth it.The staff was friendly but very clearly overwhelmed.  Our waitress had just been triple-sat with 3 new tables at once and took quite a while to even get to our table for our initial drink order.  We like to get a good sampling of menu items on a trip to a new restaurant, so we ordered a few items from each section.The appetizers were probably the best part of the meal, and that's not saying much.  The arancini was served with a tasty aioli, without which the dish would have been forgettable.  The pizza we ordered was overly salty, burned in places and raw in others.  (If you want good pizza in the Cosmopolitan, ask any of the staff about Secret Pizza! Down an unmarked and unassuming hallway between two other restaurants is a gem of a New York style pizzeria.)  My grilled octopus was tough and rubbery, clearly overcooked.  The worst and most unforgivable part of the meal was one of our pasta dishes, the oxtail raviolini.  I bit into one of these flavorless pouches only to bite down on a LARGE PIECE OF BONE!!!!!  This dangerous and costly flaw killed the meal, so we paid our bill and left.  And no, we did not take the leftovers with us.If you want much better Italian food for a not too much higher price, I suggest Scott Conant's other restaurant in the Cosmopolitan, Scarpetta.  Good food, portions, and service combine with reasonable price (when compared to other fine dining restaurants in the area).On second thought, I'm downgrading this restaurant from 2 stars to 1.  There really are much better places to spend your money, and that bone fragment was unacceptable.
3	I had dinner here with a friend from out of town...  Lets just start by saying, it was my first time at cosmopolitan,, i liked it... Easy to get in and out, but any how the food... I  dont know what to make of this place....  I dont consider myself a foodie by any means...  I am happy at a hot dog stand or a michelin rated joint...  I ordered the shrimp covered in some kind of fat,, it was good,, 18 bucks for 2 shrimps,, big ones though, then i had the pasta with lobster and shrimp, with a spicy tomato sauce,, it was good,, liked the pasta, fresh made pasta does make a difference but for me it could of been cooked longer for my taste but it was good.. the portion was small though, for the price it wasnt too much i finished what was on my plate,,, i usually leave with leftovers for 2 days,, at a joint like magianos, lol..  the desert was this caramel thing with custard on the bottom with sea salt... It was weird to me but in a good way,, something new i never tried,, wonder how this would go on caramel corn... Overall, i was ehhh it was ok, about this place... the food was good not memorable, our bill came out to 140 total,, no liquor, service was attentive no complaints there,, it is cramped though..  Cosmo seemed like the place to be on a friday night... Overall there are better places and worse places than this.. I would eat here again, if i didnt have to pay... Hope this Yelps
4	Fist, enjoy the walk to the restaurant because the Cosmopolitan is a beautiful location.The ambiance is classy, simple and perfect. The service was fantastic. Very attentive, great suggestions, fun... Everything you would want in a server and bussing team.Starters - Fried, susage stuffed olives - Tasty for those that eat meat. :) Unexpected and yum! - Fried artichoke hearts - mild and delicious. It's a small starter, so set your expectations appropriately.I ordered the special which was a butternut squash ravioli with browned butter and amaretto drizzle. It was savory. It was sweet. It was amazing.Step-dad ordered the proscuitto pizza, which was ridiculously yum (I'm vegetarian so removed the proscuitto). Super flavorful, ridiculously creamy cheese, it was fan-freakin-tastic.Mom had the Scialatielli, which I didn't taste, though she thoroughly enjoyed it.And then... there are the desserts... - Caramel Budino - Things shouldn't be this delicious. Thick, deliciously flavored and textured vanilla pudding. A thick layer of buttery, sweet, salty caramel sauce. Sprinkle of salt flakes. A dollop of wonderfully thick whipped cream. It was rich and amazing and perfect and I want to eat it every day. - Olive Oil Cake - Flavorful, moist without being soggy, refreshing cake. Chopped fresh strawberries. Rhubbarb puree. Basil gelato. YES, basil gelato!!! Super refreshing and a great accompaniment to the rich Budino.I would LOVE to go here every day if I could. I also would like to decide to start eating meat again so that I can have everything on the menu. Yes, this place is THAT good.One star off for not ever getting the red chili flakes that we asked for, for the pizza. Also, they forgot about the B&B that my step-dad asked for to have with his coffee. It ended up being cold by the time we asked that they actually bring it. Otherwise, this place is just about perfect.
5	Part V: Cosmo Food CrawlD.O.C.G.Stuffed beyond belief, we didn't forget to leave some room for desert.  And for that last important piece, we headed over to D.O.C.G. for some awesome Italian treats!D.O.C.G. is an amazing restaurant for dinner as well, the causal counterpart to Scarpetta, it offers similar homemade Pastas that are to die for, the best that Vegas has to offer in my opinion.The View at Scarpetta is absolutely georgous, and D.O.C.G. has the prettiest of interiors..The Salted Carmel Budino is the dessert to get here, and amazing thick, Panna Cotta like (but thicker) custardy pudding with a layer of liquid caramel and whipped cream on top- this dish gets consumed really fast, there's just not enough to go around! (I think i'd like a vat of Budino for my last meal on death row.......amongst other things, of course)In conjunction to the caramel, we wanted Chocolate to balance out the sweetness; the chocolate Mousse Bar with the Malt Shake was an obvious choice.  Creamy and thick in consistency, it wasn't overpowering but very smooth and a perfect marriage between the shake and mousse combo.I'd definitely order these two desserts together in an artery-clogging heartbeat!And there you have it, an absolute debaucherous evening of gluttony; it was the Olympics of marathon fine dining, but instead of gold medals, we had protruding bellies and six hours of cardio to do the next morning! Gotta love Vegas!!
3	Poor service. Food was whatevers.....
2	Granted my friends and I were in somewhat of a funk going into this dinner, so perhaps I am projecting that onto this experience; however I am fairly certain that I would have been disgruntled regardless.Food: Just not that good. I cannot eat pizzas (lactose!) but my friends did not even finish the meager offerings provided, which believe you me says a LOT. My friends love a good slice. My cod was cold. Enough said.Atmosphere: It just was not very fun! Vegas neeeeeds to be fun and this was my least favorite dining experience thus far in Vegas.Service: Ok. Nothing great. The guy had no personality, hardly had any recommendations and seemed genuinely unhappy to be there.Drinks: It took almost twenty minutes for a round of patron shots that I secretly ordered to arrive. I mean, come on! I want my patron ahora por favor!Price: With a couple drinks and small dinner ~ $70 / person. I do not recommend. Left me unsatisfied and in a low energy vibe. :(
4	We had a solid meal here. Booked through OpenTable and were seated promptly. Our waiter was excellent--it was clear he loved the restaurant and the food and offered excellent suggestions. We had one of the mozzarella dishes as an appetizer. It was good but not great. My husband had the duck pasta and I had the prosciutto pizza. Although the dough was cooked well, my pizza was kind of bland...I couldn't finish it. My husband's pasta was excellent but very rich. We had the caramel pudding dish for dessert and it was heavenly. Overall our experience was very positive, but I didn't love the food enough to want to come back on future visits to Vegas.
5	When i reserved this restaurant on the Open table, i thought this restaurant is spacious and luxury for dinner because it is a 1000 point restaurant. But the size was smaller than i thought and this place kinda pizza place. They have open fire to bake the pizza. However, we ordered duck spaghetti, 'beef' carpaccio, and wine and beer. The pici pasta noodle was good and the carpaccio was excellent. the wine was a little bit pricy.
3	---------DINNER ONLY------Kicked off a work event with my co-workers here. The food was good but it wasn't memorable. It's loud and a great place to get together with friends (typical Vegas place). It's inside the Cosmo hotel on the floor with all the other restaurants. All the restaurants seem to have waits but this one never does. It's an okay place but I'd probably try another restaurant before coming back here
2	DOCG was pretty empty the night of our visit so when the hostess wanted to sit us at a table in the middle of the restaurant I was a little confused. We asked to sit at a banquette along the wall, way more intimate, the hostess obliged. However we could tell immediately that our server was pissed we were sat in her section. She was super unfriendly and snappy with me when I was trying to lighten the mood with a joke. Anyway she went to another server at the register and I could clearly see she was bitching up a storm about us and then she disappeared never seeing her again. A while later the server she was bitching at arrived at our table and took our order but was very short with us and not at all friendly.The food was very good.. shared a arugula salad, chefs choice charcuterie, fried olives and 2 pizzas, the DOCG (the egg was perfectly yolky) and the sausage and broccoli rabe (smelled like burning 420 but tasted even better). Honestly the good eats did not compensate for the bitchy service we received. I mean seriously for a place at this price point and supposed high level of service this pretty much irked the hell out of me.
3	The bread they give you is really cold... But @least it made me save room for the scallops... They literally melted in my mouth... Try try the salted caramel as well as the mousse.... Best part of the night for sureeeee!
3	DOCG would've received a 4-star review if you asked me to review this place for the middle 30 minutes of the meal or just for the food itself. For the last 40 minutes, it went down a whole star. Let me explain...We had a 9PM reservation for four people last Sunday night. It's a late Sunday supper during the holidays so we figured it shouldn't be too busy even though it's Vegas... Well, the service was pretty atrocious. First of all, the hostess was on the phone and didn't even make some gesture of "I'll be with you in a second." I don't expect her to say something, but at least make eye contact with me. She was on the phone for a good several minutes. On top of that, there was another host that came by, but didn't feel the need to ask why we were standing there or if we had been helped. That set a bad tone... We sat down, server #1 came by, greeted us, and filled our water glasses. Five minutes later, another server (I'll call him server #2) came by and asked what we wanted to drink. Already... some confusion as to who to "report to" for food since they both gave name introductions like they were both going to serve us (without clarification). He came back several minutes later, explained the menu, and came back with drinks. Then he disappeared for ten+ minutes or so... Worried he'd take awhile to come back to us, we ordered our food immediately (I'll get back the food in a minute.). After we had a delicious meal, here's where more service issues came up. We wanted some water glasses to be refilled and we couldn't find our server (or any server for that matter). It wasn't a full house that night so it was a little annoying that we couldn't find waitstaff to just refill water glasses. This was a 15 minute ordeal just to find someone. Our server never checked up on us for at least 35-40 minutes. He was either helping another table near us or would just be gone for long periods of time. I also noticed other tables trying to flag servers down. We winded up asking another server for drink refills and takeout boxes. We also asked another server for our check and then he brought it out. He apologized on behalf of our actual server that he wasn't present. Hmm.... Our actual server came back out and was present for us to sign the check. We were so annoyed at the lack of attentive service that we just wanted to leave at that point. Plus, because it took forever to find our server (or other waitstaff), we were running late to some other plans that evening. The good thing about DOCG was the food. We will give them that... Here's the food run-down:DOCG Pizza: delicious pizza with fonduta, egg and truffles. A must-try! There is raw egg involved so that might be an issue for some folks...Calamari: the table's favorite of the night! Somewhat spicy, herbaceous, and nicely fried.Cavatelli: Yummy ragu with the worm-shaped pasta. Very meaty! Proscuitto Pizza: I personally liked it, but two of my friends complained the proscuitto was too salty and needed to be sliced a little thinner. The delicate arugula and parmigiano on top made the otherwise heavy pizza a bit lighter.Market Salad: This was actually one of my other favorites of the night. It's "just salad," but it was nicely prepared with fresh seasonal fruit (sliced apples, pears), toasted walnuts, goat cheese, and fresh greens.Service aside, DOCG was great. Service included in this review: DOCG was meh. Not sure if I'd come back.
1	We should have listened to all of the other reviews on Yelp. The service was awful and it was obvious that they really didn't care either. The food was OK at best which was disappointing since we are Food Network fans and were looking forward to the experience. We ended up only staying to have appetizers (meat/ cheese platter and olives) before deciding to leave and eat dinner elsewhere. The table next to us had to ask 3 different times before they ever received their drinks. Save yourself the trouble and go somewhere else. We will not be coming back.
2	If you can afford it, go to Scarpetta. Disappointed in DOCG.Service is nice and it's easy to get a table.
3	Atmosphere and service get an A+ from me. I love the decorum and vibe. I love the bar area as well.However, my first trip here did not exceed my expectations in taste. The only thing I had that was delicious was the wine, of course, and the short rib I had. The short rib was truly delicious. However, I had the carpaccio and I understand everyone makes it differently, but this one was not up to par. It tasted too salty and the beef had this funky taste to it. I did not end of finishing it. I gave it to one of the bartenders I saw later on at Vesper. Arancini, my friend had, she  loves that stuff actually. So I guess that might be another good aspect for others who enjoy that. Not my for me. We tried this other thing too, but it just did not taste right to me. This is a cute little place, I wouldnt mind going back to try some pasta next time. Misti has turned me off the pizza for sure, but I dont totally hate this place. Could be cause I love wine...
4	I love D.O.C.G.  They have a great atmosphere and vibe. The restaurant is a tad on the smaller side, but you can either grab a table or sit at the bar. Italian is at the top of my list for Fav foods, so D.O.C.G has quickly became a favorite dinning spot for me when I am in vegas. Everything is always presently nicely and tastes very fresh and authentic.I love the pizzas. the spooressata picante and the mushroom are awesome. For pastas the gundi or the pappardelle are two great choices. The also have an awesome appetizer the I enjoy but cannot quite remember the exact name. It is meatballs served with a red sauce. They also offer a nice variety of dessert and coffees to finish off your meal.I definitely recommend this spot.
5	I am shocked at the negative comments about D.O.C.G.  Yes, the prices are a little high, but it's Vegas so that's to be expected.  We went (2 people) to dinner there and had an incredible experience.  Our waiter (Cassidy) was polite, knowledgeable, attentive without being annoying and his recommendations were spot on.  The rest of the staff was equally polite and friendly - something that I always look for in restaurants.  We started with some prosecco and a cheese plate, then I had the salmon which was honestly one of the best I have ever had.  My guest had the shrimp and lobster pasta and it was also delicious.  Cassidy offered two wine recommendations so we tried both - and I can't wait for my first case to arrive because I immediately went home and ordered some.  Espresso and their take on tiramisu completed the evening it we are still telling our friends about how fantastic it was.  Again, I won't lie and say it was cheap - our bill with tip was over $200; however, you will pay that at most good restaurants in Vegas.  Overall I was impressed and will definitely go back.  Next time I will try the more expensive Scarpetta in the Cosmopolitan, but for what we received I could NOT have been more pleased.
4	I have eaten at Scarpetta on a few occasions now and, while I still love it, I felt that it was time to branch out a bit so, why not go next door? I've been a little hesitant to try D.O.C.G., in part because of the inconsistent reviews but I have to stay that I was pleasantly surprised. My husband and I arrived at D.O.C.G. at around 8pm on a Wednesday night (no reservation). There were a handful of empty tables but we opted to sit at the bar, which was completely empty at the time we sat down. I will note that the restaurant is a little on the loud side but not to the extent that it hindered our experience. Plus, I tend to enjoy a more boisterous atmosphere. The service at the bar was efficient and friendly and our bartender made several recommendations to include pasta, pizza and entree favorites. My husband and I tend to share food as we both like to try different things. We started with the Bibb Caesar salad which is served similar to a wedge salad. The dressing was AMAZING, really well balanced. We talked about this salad over the next several days so, apparently it was a hit. Next, we shared the Lardo Wrapped Prawns. This dish includes three large (U-12?) head on prawns and is served over a very flavorful bed of lentils. Although I enjoyed this dish, the lardo made the prawns a little too salty for my taste but, the lentils balanced the salt fairly well. Finally, we split a Margherita pizza. I am a big fan of wood fired pizza and this one didn't fall short of expectations. The crust was a nice, chewy texture with crisp shell and a little char. As a side note, we did receive a bread basket at the start of our meal as well but, it wasn't anything extraordinary (as opposed to the one at Scarpetta. Delicious!). Our meal to include a glass of wine and a beer came to around $90 pre tip so, not the cheapest pizza joint in town but, in the context of Las Vegas strip restaurants, I didn't feel fleeced given the overall food quality.
4	I enjoyed DOCG very much. The food and service were both really good and they have a nice wine selection.I ordered the crab and potato soup to start, and had the Scialatielli (arrabbiatta pasta with lobster and shrimp). Both were very good, just short of excellent.DOCG also has a wonderful wine list. We ordered the Foley Pinot and it was excellent. I suggest checking this place out if you're interested in good, simple (but not too simple) Italian food. We enjoyed our time here.
5	This is located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel on the strip.  You can go casual with pizzas and appetizers or for a full dinner with excellent pastas and steaks.  The desserts are amazing.  You have to try the SALTED CARAMEL BUDINO (pretzel toffee)
5	I was pleasantly surprised by this place. We wandered into it after searching out the secret pizza on the 3rd floor and deciding we ultimately wanted to eat at a table. This place seems a bit hidden - I would have never really realized there were restaurants up on the 3rd floor honestly if I hadn't searched them out online first. Most of the places were empty - including this one, which sometimes isn't a good sign. Here, it just meant it was off the beaten path I suppose. The atmosphere is lovely - exposed brick, hanging signs of all the cheese and wine available, and dim. It was comfortable.The bread was yummy - we got three types of bread with oil as is typical for an Italian place. Theirs was good - fresh and yummy. We ordered the DOCG pizza and the pici. The DOCG pizza was amazing - the egg was done correctly, cooked on top, cracked and spread on the pizza tableside. The cheese and truffle completmented it perfectly and the crust was so yummy. One of my favorite pizzas ever - it's not often you find egg on pizza, especially done right. The pici was probably my favorite thing in the world though - braised duck sauce with black truffles is an amazing thing - savory, flavorful, and something I will crave for years every time I think of it. The pasta noodles were well done too.They have a large wine by the bottle selection - smaller from the glass. We went with a wine by the glass and a beer. I wish most times my husband liked wine - one day maybe.
5	The pizzas here are delicious!  So good, we ordered the exact same one, twice.  Also, the beet salad is to die for!  I have been dreaming of it ever since I had it!  Will for sure be back here next time I am in Vegas!
4	Had a really nice dinner at D.O.C.G. on a Wednesday night.  We sat at the bar as they were a little busy and the tables are a little crowded together.  The bartenders that served us were super nice and attentive.  We probably got better service sitting at the bar than if we'd been in a table!For food, we started with a chef's choice cheese platter (I mentioned we weren't fans of bleu cheese and none of the selections were bleu).  It was tasty and came with bread and breadsticks and a fruit compote of some sort.   I loved it, but I'm a cheese lover anyway.  I had a glass of Pinot Grigio and the husband was sipping beer.  I followed the cheese with a warm beet and arugula salad that was really flavorful and chock full of both red and golden beets.  The arugula was peppery and complimented the beets and the creamy cheese that topped the salad.  I think it was a fresh mozzarella cheese.My entree was the Cavatelli (my bad because I thought it was cavatappi - which I with sausage and mushrooms ama huge fan of, so there was a little disappointment, all my fault).  I didn't really notice much in the mushroom department, but it was a good dish, nothing spectacular to me, but my husband tasted it and LOVED it.  I even had him finish it off for me when I was full.  He had the braised short rib and loved that, too - he literally cleaned his plate of the meat, veggies and parmesan mash.  I tasted it and it was quite yummy.  Definitely recommended. PICTURES:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d-o-c-g-enoteca-las-vegas-2?select=Rk0H37v2WHf5odWVACA-YQ#Rk0H37v2WHf5odWVACA-YQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d-o-c-g-enoteca-las-vegas-2?select=Rk0H37v2WHf5odWVACA-YQ#gDTPgLKKtvgyAGgCDvz2tQOverall, a very nice meal and I would go there again.  Nice little splurge.  Note that it is cheaper than going to Scarpettas, but still quite pricey. Our meal came out to about $110 before tip.
4	We had a large group and was pleased with the service, wine selection, pizzas, and entrees. It's not a fussy place, it's not so loud that you can't have a conversation, and the food was great. Prices are high, but that comes with the location.
3	Food was great and atmosphere was really cool. Drinks were strong. Noise level was out of control loud. Couldn't hear each other from across the table and we had to almost yell so our waiter could hear us. Service was just meh. It was very fast but the waiter was not really informative about the menu and didn't have anything to say about the restaurant or the food. I asked what was the "pizza to get" and he just said well what do you like and that was the end of it. Was expecting more I guess based on the level of restaurants we usually go to. Overall food was great, service could have been a lot better. We had the picci which was really good and some lobster pasta dish which she also enjoyed.
1	Very unprofessional when a restaurant calls you 3 weeks after you book a reservation for 6 people, and tells you they are not honoring the reservation now because someone wants to rent the entire restaurant that same evening - I hope everyone else who was cancelled by this place tells all their friends and colleagues to avoid this place - very short-sighted.
2	I left this restaurant with a very sour taste in my mouth.  After getting a dominating recommendation from our server to get the pici pasta, duck and truffle, my date and I both decided to order it.  It came out and it was a very small portion of pasta. I ate the whole thing very quickly, as we came starving, and was just really unsatisfied.  The waitress said it was their best pasta, and it seemed very bland.  I'm almost wondering if they forgot the truffle.  We ended up paying $70 for two small portions of pasta that were just okay.  We wished we would have taken our money somewhere else.  The server was great though, other than giving us a bad recommendation.
5	This place is incredible.The pasta and the entrees are all incredible.The barbecue octopus as well the salmon are great.The sausage pasta is the best pasta that is have ever had...perfect.The service is very good.
2	For the prices here I expected a lot more.  The beef filet was cooked properly however it needed SEASONING (salt and pepper), the fried artichoke sounded delicious but was nothing special and again, lacked flavor.  The best thing we had was the cheese platter which obviously no one has to cook, lol, yet it only came with 2 tiny pieces of bread.  Then, the bread basket is a sad mess that needs to be redone.  2 very average types of bread and they throw in a package of long, skinny crackers.  Uh, no thanks.
4	The Cavatelli pasta might have been the best pasta I ever had. A 10 out of 10. The service was friendly, professional and efficient. My only complaint I had was with the wine list. Terrific wines, but marked up at least 3 times retail.  Also, other than about 5% of the list, bottles of red were $150 and up. Are you kidding me?
5	Loved this place!  My husband, who is not a fan of dining out, liked the food, the service, and the price.  (I'm not sure if he expected to pay more since this was in the Cosmopolitan Hotel)  I had the salmon which was purrrrrrrfect!  The waiter asked what doneness I wanted and that is exactly what I got with a crispy crust on both sides!  My husband had the braised beef.  It was so soft he didn't have to use his knife.  Kudos to the chef!  The waithelp and busboys were friendly and joked with us.  I plan on taking people there next time I'm in Vegas!
4	Best pizza on the strip! We had the DOCG Special and the asparagus with Proscuitto!
4	Had a client dinner here on Sunday night. Very casual feeling dining room. We had a fabulous bottle of Italian wine. I started with an arugula salad which was dressed in a creamy dressing which was a little odd for me as I'm accustomed to more of a lemon/acidic dressing with arugula. But it was quite good.I then ordered the chicken - which was a whole split cornish game hen. I wasn't too impressed. I was expecting crispy skin but it was just all soft. It was glazed with a sweet sauce. Again, just OK. Served over grilled vegetables.My co-diner had the short ribs, which are a specialty here. They were very good. Our server was EXTREMELY knowledgable, professional and courteous. He made dinner a real pleasure even though the food was just average.
4	Cool little place at the Cosmo.  We had the calamari, which was very good, and we had a pizza with prosciutto and asparagus (forget name), which was also good.  BUT .. the highlights for me were the cocktail called Roman Goddess and the salted caramel budino.  Both to die for.  Service was pretty good; like the ambience.  Would've had the specialty pizza with the egg on it, but the other half hates egg, so ...
2	Not sure why anyone thinks this pizza is great.  I could pick up a slice of pizza on just about any street corner in NYC that would blow this away.  I got a Margherita pie.  Undercooked crust, a luke-warm center of bland toppings . . . at least it was $25.  Fortunately, I paired it with a "house cabernet" which was brought to me in a glass that was about 1/3 full and was $15.  Yes, $15.  For a "house cab."  1/3 full.  I once paid $11.90 for an Amstel Light at The Peninsula Hotel in NYC but $15 for a "house cab" seems more ridiculous to me.  After tip, this mediocre outing cost me nearly fifty bucks. I'm guessing D.O.C.G. means Dining On Costly Grub.
3	Margherita pizza was great - reminiscent of NY pizza (Grimaldi's style).  My husband enjoyed the short ribs.  Burrata and peach salad had a lot of potential.  Peaches should have been grilled with some balsamic glaze.  Burrata was nice and gooey but paired with hard peaches, tomatoes and cold/tangy greens - it wasn't as delectable as it should have been.  Bread service was a huge disappointment.  Initially excited when the waiter poured some olive oil and balsamic onto a plate.  We sat waiting for our warm, crusty bread.  When we unwrapped the basket we were disappointed to find cold, uneventful bread and a bag of skinny breadsticks.  Bread has got to be on point for a place like this.  We sat on the "patio" - basically the front area outside of the restaurant.  So not exactly sure what the restaurant actually looks like.  Very busy scene.  Good service.
4	Giving them a solid fourA level or two above the casino floorJust in case the Cosmo left you feeling poorThe menu here won't break the bank doorMargherita pizza crust almost like homeRomana style but nothing beats RomeSoppressata Picante hot let me get someWine list is definitely niceHowever, I would think twiceIt might not suffice for a night full of viceInstead I'd get something strong on the ice
5	Went here Saturday night with some friends who had tried it the previous night. The wait was going to be 45 minutes, but luckily they have the option to get seated right away at the bar.Considering how busy this place gets, our friends who had eaten dinner there the night before had a few issues with wait times. They spoke with the manager Marc and he took care of the situation and offered to give a discount if they decided to return during their weekend stay. Sure enough, they returned and brought us along with them. Not only were we welcomed by Marc, we were given complimentary dishes made special by the head chef of the night, service was EXCELLENT, food was great in taste, and our overall bill was discounted tremendously. To add to that, we had enough leftovers to eat a whole new meal later on that night.Food:- Squash blossom pizza: It was okay. I thought the toppings would be more plentiful. I found the pancetta to be quite tasty.- Fried calamari: Crispy and flavorful. The spicy tomato sauce was a nice pairing. This antipasti was a bit on the spicy side.- Fried Artichoke: AMAZING!!!! This dish blew me away. A MUST-ORDER!!! Even if you're not particularly fond of artichoke, this will definitely be worth trying.- Beef carpaccio: Very flavorful, very rich. It was a bit overwhelming, but if you enjoy saucy, fatty meats, then this would be a great choice. Reminded me of a Filipino dish called caldereta.- Pici pasta: DELICIOUS!!! My friend ordered this as her entree. Great balance of sweet and meaty flavor.- Scialantielli: Great choice for seafood pasta lovers.- Pappardelle: It was okay. This was my main entree and I thought the dish was a bit on the oily side.- Prime New York strip of beef: This was a decent dish. The meat was a little tough, but overall it tasted okay.- Salted caramel budino: Very very sweet and decadent. If you love caramel, this is definitely worth trying. I'd suggest pairing it with an espresso or coffee because it is very rich in sweetness.I wouldn't normally have chosen to eat at this restaurant, but our friends knew the service would be excellent... and it was! Thanks for a great experience. Probably one of the best customer services I've ever had!
4	Gnudi was incredible. Other pastas weren't bad  either.Staff was pleasant.Sit outside for great people watching.Prices were reasonable. Expect 45 a person for an entree and a cocktail or wine.
3	We had loved it last year, but this time was just so so. The waiter didn't show us any love and the food was kind of blah. It is a shame. Such a nice place. I brought friends from out of town and they said that we should have eaten at Carrabba's for better Italian at cheaper prices. I hate chain restaurants so my heart was broken..
5	I can't say enough how much we enjoyed our meal at D.O.C.G. the service was incredible - we never waited more than five minutes after placing a drink order. I wish I remembered our servers name.  He was friendly and knowledgable and patient with a group of indecisive diners! six of us went for dinner and all our food came out at the same time, piping hot, after less than 15 minutes. Several of us had the fettuccine with mushrooms and escarole. The serving size was just right and there was so much flavor! My friends split a margherita pizza and kale and escarole salad. They were more than happy with both choices.We each had dessert. I opted for the strawberry sorbet which was obviously made with fresh strawberries. So amazing. Everyone else had the salted caramel budino and raved. There was literally not a bite left on anyone's plate. The wine selection is fantastic and we enjoyed every glass. The ambience is incredible. Intimate and cool, and exactly what we were looking for on our last night in Vegas. This was our favorite meal of vacation!
4	We celebrated our last ladies night in Vegas here and so glad we did. This restaurant is perfect if you wanted something simpler but can go fancy too. The restaurant has a romantic brick look and was in between casual and fancy. Cancy? Fansual?We had a delicious bottle of red wine recommended by the sommelier who asked what we were going to order. He was super friendly and very approachable! The girls started with the pork belly that came with some tiny baby potatoes. So cute! But the salad of kale and escarole with Cesar dressing and crispy meat, that was the star. Perfectly dressed and so tasty! For my main course I ordered the Pici pasta with braised duck and black truffles. The flavors were robust and rich but well balanced. We finished the night with some cognac and tiramisu. My sister wanted a taste and the waiter misheard her and brought her a glass too. Not really a problem. I felt that they were a little too quick to take our dishes away and we had to ask to keep our bread. We didn't have many service issues but we went pretty early for dinner on Sat night. I have to admit, I've been to Scott Conant's Scarpetta in Chelsea and enjoyed the spaghetti there more than my pasta dish at D.O.C.G. But this restaurant had a more cozy, rustic comfortable level. I would definitely recommend this place and try it again. Btw, we asked what D.O.C.G. stands for and was told that it was an Italian wine designation. Cool!
2	*Note: this used to be my favorite restaurant to eat at when I come to Vegas with the boyfriend. We've been there a few times and I have some great memories of a romantic date we had there on our first trip together.*This past Saturday night I was so excited to go to DOCG for dinner. I was craving Italian food and was hoping to rekindle the good memories I've had there with the bf. Unfortunately, that never happened. We walked up to the hostess and were served a major helping of ATTITUDE! We did not have reservations, but there were many empty tables inside. We were told that we would have to sit at the table outside of the restaurant which we did not want to do. She rudely told us that it would be "at least a 45 minute wait." We were annoyed, but put our name in and went next door to grab drinks at Comme Ca. As soon as we sat down for drinks, the snotty woman came over and informed us our table was ready. What happened to the 45 minute wait? Very suspicious. Again, we felt major cold shoulder from her. We were so fed up that we decided to just eat dinner at Comme Ca, where they went out of their way to get us a table with an amazing view. The food may be good at DOCG, but a restaurant is only as good as their customer service, which was a huge fail. Sadly, we will never be eating there again. I'm being generous and giving them 2 stars because of the past experiences. Based on Saturday night, I would give them no stars.
2	Not impressed.  I ate here with my coworkers and we all ordered a variety of dishes.  I'll go over the issues with the restaurant first: the broccolini was overly oiled and very soggy.  The pizza was $25 and was a personal pan that tasted no better than the cheap pizza place down the hall.  We ordered the scallops and they came out RAW! I would not recommend this place. Too pricy for the low quality of food.
5	I went in last week with my kids and some friends.  The service was impeccable and the food was terrific.  One of the items we ate was their house pizza.  Its appearance doesn't do it justice - it looks like a pizza crust with a poached egg in the middle.  The server split it open and rubed the yolk all over the crust.  Everyone at the table had a suspicious look on our faces.  But after the first person took the first bite it was a wild scramble to see who could eat it the fastest.  Even my picky son was asking for more.  It's hard to explain the taste, but it definitely had some truffle oil on there too.  So good.  We'll be back.
4	First and foremost, the staff is very attentive and friendly. This is a great spot to come and enjoy a nice glass of wine. They work with you to pick the perfect wine to accompany your meal. Service is also pretty quick. I was pretty famished coming into dinner and was expecting to wait a while for my food but our small plates arrived very shortly after ordering. The menu is seasonal so they might not always have the dishes I'm reviewing. I got to try the beef carpaccio, cannellini bean soup, fried artichokes, pork belly, lamb chops, and divers scallops. I enjoyed the small plates very much and to be honest they were pretty hefty portions. It's a good way to sample different menu items and sharing with your friends is highly recommended. The beef carpaccio was one of the best I've ever had. It's seasoned well and the garnishes really complemented the beef without overpowering it. The bean soup was also surprisingly delicious. It's a pureed soup but there is still great texture because there is rock shrimp and vegetables floating around. The beans were prominent but not in a bad way and the shrimp had a spice element that really made this soup unique. Lamb chops and divers scallops were cooked to perfection. I recommend the potato puree as a side dish...it is heavenly. Overall, a wonderful meal.
4	This place is great.   I was here this last weekend and asked my girlfriend to marry me.   (She said yes) and the staff was awesome.   The food is killer and the atmosphere is great.   You won't be bummed.
4	Duck egg on a pizza. It doesn't sound that great, but it is as close as I'll get to heaven as an atheist. Perfect thin, crispy crust, creamy cheese, and that decadent egg yolk broken at your table and perfectly cooked on your hot pizza. Everything else is alright, if you're looking for fine dining Italian head over to Scarpetta. If you want a more rustic, casual feel D.O.C.G. is what you want. Pricing is considerably less than the Scarpetta counterpart as well. If you're there pizza is a must as well as their caramel budino. I don't really like dessert as I'd rather fill up on savory food, but this was one of the best desserts I've had in my life. Get your own so you don't have to share.
3	D.O.C.G. is just ok. The ambiance was nice, but the food was a bit disappointing. Our appetizers were bland and fell short of our expectations. The pasta dishes were good but didn't blow us away. It's a nice restaurant but I've had better at cheaper places.
1	Had dinner here a few days ago, and wow, just 'wow' and not the good kind. The hostess had the energy of a candle that was about to burn out. She wasn't rude, but there was definitely no warm greeting there. I don't even think she said 'hello' or greeted us in any way when we walked up.. but okay, geared us up for what was about to come.Let's talk about what really lacked: service, attention.. and wine. The irony is that this place is an 'enoteca', but getting the wine list for the second time was a tandem effort from me and my husband, since after placing our initial order, our waiter was nowhere to be found, and to say that flagging him down was a ridiculous challenge, is saying nothing at all. He brought out the food - warm, nice presentation, tasted great. I've had Italian food in both Italy and Sicily, and lived on an island south of Sicily for  10 years, so it's hard for me to be impressed by Italian food; generally speaking I tend to be left underwhelmed. Not the case here, everything was great, definitely no complaints about the food or the price, for that matter. Then again.. we were gearing up for Robuchon this trip, so I can see how certain people would deem this place pricey.. not to me on this particular occasion. The service was atrocious. As previously mentioned, the lack of attention from our waiter was astounding. He brought out the food and not once came back later to ask if everything was okay (as it's basically done in -any- restaurant), and well perhaps, since we had totally drained our wine glasses, and this was... in fact, a 'wine bar' - maybe, just maybe, we'd like to have a second glass of wine? ..Nope. We were so desperate for the wine list, we actually flagged down the busboy to ask for the wine list. Only.. he forgot to bring it. Understandably, it's not his job.. alas, with our waiter nowhere to be found, all we could do, is keep asking the only person coming to our table - the busboy. We finally got the wine list, but the effort put in in order to make that happen .. well, at least we have a sense of humour.  Getting a wine list in a wine bar should not be so painfully complicated. Once our waiter finally brought us our chosen wine, my husband pointed out to him, in good humour, that he clearly has forgotten about us, in the hopes that perhaps if pointed out, this may somehow change. Apparently not.. he didn't apologize, didn't ask if we wanted anything else or if everything was okay, served the wine, and off he went again, not to be seen until the end of the night. We still enjoyed the food, and my husband and I always have a great time together, so our night wasn't ruined.. just, needlessly complicated. By the time we finished our food and the plates were taken off our table, we were left sitting there with only water glasses. ..And so we sat.. and sat, and then sat some more. Once we made the executive decision that we were done sitting.. and well, we had polished our water off, we realized we were tired, not just tired of sitting, but ready to call it a night. I wouldn't know what the dessert is like, because we were never offered a dessert menu.. despite all the sitting and whatnot. Then came the challenge of getting the bill. After probably half a dozen attempts at trying to flag the waiter down, my husband gave me the okay to try and do so, I was sitting such that I'd probably have somewhat better luck. Sure enough, about half a dozen more attempts of waving.. and well, practically doing everything but flat out hollering at him, I caught him JUST as he was rushing by us (needless to say, not bothering to glance at us, at all, not like we're paying customers or anything.. oh, wait.. we were -.-). With a loud 'EXCUSE-ME-CAN-WE-GET-THE-CHEQUE-PLEASE', all said in one quick breath, for fear of him well.. ignoring me or walking past me. ..So then, we sat some more. ..and more..... .. and more. FINALLY the magic printed receipt was at our table, I felt like high-fiving my husband, we were actually making progress.. alas, my joy was premature. Card placed into folder.Card is sitting there with us. We're all, still sitting there.We sit some more. .. and then more, and .. more. Yeah, it was basically just painful at this point. We actually had to flag the waiter down (again, not the easiest of tasks) for him to take our card. I'll spare you the rest, but in summary, we had to sit some more, I suppose it only makes sense, since that was definitely the theme of the evening: 'Sit And Wait', oh and .. of course 'No Wine For You At Wine Bar!'I was so glad to be finally out of there, suddenly left with a deeper understanding of 'you can check in any time you'd like, but you can never leave'.
4	We ate here recently and loved it!  From the wine, appetizers, pasta, and desserts...nothing disappointed.  We had the artichoke and calamari appetizer.  We had two different pastas, one with seafood and one with duck.  We listened to our waiter and were not disappointed.  We had a Malbac and Cab that went great with our meals. The service was wonderful and so was the atmosphere.  The tables can be close but we ended up chatting with the people next to us.  The dessert with caramel and pretzel was delicious. He said we shouldn't leave without it and he was right.  I was tempted to lick plates!  Everything had lots of flavor.
4	This was our second visit, and was about to try something different but glad we went back.  I had forgotten how good the food is here, everything from the appetizers to the pasta entree was amazing.  Even the service defies what appears to be just a casual restaurant.  The braised duck pasta has such deep rich flavor that compliments the thick spaghetti.  Fried artichokes were incredible, and Italian Cabernet that was recommended was a perfect pairing with the food.  I wouldn't say this is light fare, but if you want deep rich flavorful Italian, this is the place.  A recommendation when visiting Cosmopolitan Vegas.
5	Great place for pasta and wine..the staff was amazing and great recommendations for wine by cute waitress
4	Excellent food.  The apps are great and so is the pizza.  The wine is very expensive.  I think bottles started around $60 minimum.  But overall this place is awesome and a great spot in a great hotel.
5	So after a whole day at Marquee Day Club and being on that Vegas liquid diet all weekend, my group and I were famished and proceeded to head upstairs to the 3rd level of cosmo to get some Not-So-Secret Pizza. Lo and behold, it seems like everyone else had the same idea because the line was out the door and around the corner. Not wanting to pass out from hunger, we looked around at the other restaurants hoping to satisfy our craving for pizza and this is when we found DOCG.The set-up was cute and I was appreciative we were allowed to dine there in our day-club attire. Service was excellent - waters, oilve oil/balsamic, bread and menus instantly at our table. We ordered right away: crispy pork belly appetizer, DOCG pizza and Mushroom pizza.The crispy pork belly was delicious. Nice and crispy piece on top of a bed of potatoes and greens. VERY good flavors.Mushroom pizza also excellent. You can taste the truffle in every bite with the mushrooms...and with the fonduta cheese? Excellent excellent.DOCG pizza...now this I would come back and make a special trip to Cosmo for. This pizza here came out served with a raw egg cracked in the middle which the server spread all over the pizza. Egg, fonduta cheese and truffles on one pizza - I never would have thought how delicious this would have been, but after trying it, I would have to say this pizza would probably be top 5 on my list of best pizzas I've ever had. Will definitely be back!
5	this is for all the haters out there you don't know how to spend money on good food you should stay home.this is a of 5 stars join good service fast service and delicious food.
4	Great food but stumbles at service.
5	This is one of the better Italian meals I have ever had, possibly the best, and it was bookended with underwhelming dishes: the grilled octopus and the much hyped caramel budino. Neither of these were poor by any means, just not on par with the other two dishes we had: the pici and the namesake DOCG pizza. The pici is thicker spaghetti paired with duck sauce and truffles. It was perfectly bold without being overpowering and delicious. We coursed everything, so the pizza was the third dish. It was dumb luck that it worked out this way (or possibly the server was wiser than he came off?), as this is one rich pie. It was almost like a pre-dessert. The DOCG pizza has no sauce or baked cheese on top. Instead it has truffles and fonduta incorporated into the crust and is topped with a poached egg that is broken and spread on the pizza at the table. It certainly is not for everyone (especially if you are expecting anything like traditional pizza), but it was for me in a big way. The two glasses of wine I had were both tasty and paired well with the food (especially the pici!). The atmosphere is lovely and is like what my imagination thinks a restaurant in Italy would look and feel like (except for the servers not having cartoonish Italian accents).Note to Yelpers: I guess I should warn that this place is pricey. And judging from reviews on this restaurant and other establishments on this site, I probably should have led with that warning, as Yelpers love to gripe about spending dough on meals. If you are a typical Yelper, you will most likely hate this place. May I then suggest a little neighborhood mom-and-pop joint called Olive Garden. And if you are carving a hamburger, there is a hole-in-the-wall greasy spoon called McDonalds. However, if you enjoy quality food with a great setting, please visit DOCG. You pay for what you get. (I think I just made up that saying.) Do you see the attention to detail in the setting, which happens to be on very expensive real estate? Do you notice the quality ingredients prepared by experienced chefs? These arbitrary details cost money, Yelpers. You have to pay the piper. But if you do happen to pay said piper, he will delight you with a wonderful culinary experience. End rant.
4	I knew I was eating here last night and had to do my pre-work.  First of all, what the heck does DOCG mean?  During dinner we asked and got the answer in English, which means "controlled designation of origin guaranteed". You should see DOCG on all fine Italian food labels, especially on wine.  I never knew this until last night.  By the way, within 5 minutes we forgot what DOCG meant, hah. I had to go back after dinner and ask again.  LolRegarding their food, where the heck do I start?  We tasted a lot during our dinner last night.  Present during dinner was Chad S, Roy E w/his gf, and of course, Terri R.  We shared the following dishes.Small Plates:-Their Bread-Roasted Bone Marrow (red beets & oxtail)-Grilled Octopus (chickpeas, tomatoes & basil)-Pancetta Wrapped Prawns (w/rosemary lentils)-Beef Carpaccio (caper aioli, parmesan & arugula)I wasn't a fan of the Roasted Bone Marrow and wished it had more taste to it. The Beef Carpaccio, however, was fantastic. Pizza's:-The "D.O.C.G" Pizza (fonduta, egg & truffles)-Margherita (mozzarella & tomato)The DOCG Pizza was a very tasty one over the Margherita.  This may not make sense at all, but the egg topped on it gave it a sweetness which combined very well with the pizza. Pastas:-Pici (braised duck sauce & black truffles)-Scialatielli ("arrabbiata" with lobster & shrimp)-Fettuccine (roasted garlic, escarole & mushrooms)My favorite of the three had to be the Pici.  The duck actually tasted like braised ribs, but had a small after taste to it.  Very lean and simply melts in your mouth. Sides:-Roasted Asparagus (w/lemon & egg vinaigrette)-Grilled Broccolini (w/garlic & chili)-Potato Puree (w/mascarpone & parmigiano)Their version of a mashed potato, just a lot creamier and full of butter.  Out of the three sides, this was my favorite with the asparagus as a close 2nd.  Dinners:-Diver's Scallops (My Entree - w/brussel sprouts & pancetta)-Braised Short Ribs (Terri R's Entree) - w/sweet potatoes & cippolini):  I had to add this on my review since I ate half of her entree. I thought that the scallops were just okay. I'm a little different than most. I prefer smaller pieces of scallops over these huge ones that are served here.  In my opinion, the large pieces are a little too fishy to me (I know, this isn't fish. Just saying).  I did enjoy Terri's Braised Short Ribs.  Even though there wasn't a bone, this was some "fall off the bone" meat. I wish I had her meal. It was phenominal. Desserts:-Salted Caramel Budino (pretzel toffee)-Tiramisu (kahlua soak & coffee gelato)-Marscarpone Cheesecake (w/fresh strawberries and strawberry sauce)-Tartufo (nutella malt gelato, chianti cherrycompote & hazelnuts)My favorite of the four desserts was the Salt Caramel Budino.  Served in layers, you have to dig your spoon deep in order to enjoy the magic of this dessert.  The Tartufo was magic as well with a combination of Nutella and dark chocolate.  The Tiramisu tasted like your normal Tiramisu.  As for the their cheesecake, I wasn't able to partake in the fun since I'm allergic to fruit. According to our group, this was a favorite too.  Sorry for the longer than average review, but we were here a long time and ate a lot. Can you say food coma?  Food baby? After dinner, we were given a special "behind the scenes" tour of both DOCG's and Scarpetta's kitchen.  I had a great time and with a great meal.  I originally came here expecting less and got more, a lot more.  Good job, DOCG!  Your service was fantastic and definitely appreciated.YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (055/366)
4	We had an early dinner reservation so there were few patrons and the noise level was low. Its a smaller venue, decent decor but for two-tops they only had tables against the wall which had these brick partitions so you felt stuck in a corner. Since they were not busy enough they were nice enough to reseat us at a more open table.  Waitstaff was pleasant but service was a little slow, especially considering they were not yet busy. The chef did send out an extra appetizer gratis though, to compensate for the wait. The food was EXCELLENT. We had pancetta wrapped prawns, then veal chop, lamb t-bones, mushrooms and a side of the scialatielli pasta. The meat was perfectly cooked, the pasta was delicious, handmade daily we were told. No complaints whatsoever.  Will definitely return and recommend.
4	What a treat DOCG was! I shared a lovely evening dining here with Chad S, Terri R, Mel C, and Yessica. Extra special thanks to Chad S for making the reservation and setting up the evening for us all to enjoy. I must say it was a nice change of pace not to be eating Asian cuisine with Chad S. for once! I have always been a huge fan of Italian food and DOCG did not disappoint.The whole evening consisted of us sampling various appetizers, entrees, and desserts. Among all the items we tasted my personal favorites were the DOCG and Margherita pizzas, the Scialatielli pasta(which was difficult to pronounce!) that was topped with shrimp and lobster, the Pici pasta with braised duck sauce and black truffles, and the Roasted Bone Marrow appetizer with grilled bread. For my entree I went for the Cod with sunchokes, kale, and chanterelles. The cod itself might have been the best I have ever had prepared for me. It was fresh, flaky, and simply delicious!I believe we tried all of the desserts and my favorite was the Salted Caramel Budino, but only because of the delicious chocolate pretzel brittle that accompanies it! The tiramisu was also on par but nothing special.The service during our visit was impeccable! From the knowledgeable and helpful server himself to the ever watchful and attentive bussers to the friendly host, everyone knocked the ball out of the park in my book. At the end of our dining experience we were even lucky enough to get a quick tour of the kitchen at DOCG and the kitchen and restaurant next door at Scarpetta's so we could see where the magic happened!Overall, I am a fan of DOCG, but I think I am easy to win over. If the food was great and the service was good, I'm yours.
5	We ate here for our last anniversary, excellent!! It seemed a little slow for a Friday night. Our service was great. I had the gnuddi, wow! I'm going to attempt to make it at home since the recipe is on food network's website. Very good!
2	This had to be the worst service I have ever received in Vegas. I was sitting at a table with a few attorneys and I can speak on their behalf when I say just how terrible this place was. Our waiter was extremely rude. I won't get too into details, but he never smile. At one point he filled one of our cups and spilled water all over the table and then simply walked off without trying to clean it or even apologizing. At the end 2 of the girls wanted ice cream so they ordered pistachio. When it came out, they each tried a scoop and had the same facial reaction. They told him it tasted more like green tea and it was not good at all (mind you, they were very nice about it). They asked to send it back and to have the vanilla instead - he literallly rolled his eyes and just stormed off. Upon his return he threw it down on the table and walked off.Now, I know what you are thinking (if you are like me at least). You may read this review and think we had annoying people at our table giving him a hard time, but the truth is, this guy was just flat out rude. I mean from the very start you could tell he was having a terrible day. But the thing if, if you go to an expensive restaurant such as this, you should not have to tolerate the wait staff treating you like this. Now onto the food.... hopefully, if you come to this place, you receive someone more friendly and more like your typical waiter/waitress in Vegas! Two people had the braised short rib which was delicious. I really wish I had ordered the same! The price was great too at $28. I had the Gnodi which were basically some sort of cheese balls ($20). They were okay, but they were quite cold which made it a little less appealing. I would advise against ordering the gnodi. And lastly, my other friend had the DOCG pizza which 3 of us tried at the table and none of us liked. He ordered it because they named it DOCG, so it should be good right? Completely bland. He kept taking the short rib from one of the girls and smearing it on the pizza lol. If you order that pizza, you may need to order a side of short rib :p
5	Everything was expertly prepared and the service was wonderful! The quality of the ingredients was amazing, and the place was very comfortable, slightly rustic but still beautiful and trendy. The braised beef, truffle pizza, and cheesecake were my favorites! Food came out in a reasonable time, and even though my friends and I stayed a while after we finished eating, we never felt rushed. I will definitely be back!
4	Great little wine bar / enoteca in the Cosmo.  Hit it on a Vegas pub crawl, and sampled the arranchini and the stuffed fried olives.  The arranchini were very nice, not overly greasy and with a very creamy center.  But hands down the show stealer were the olives, good green olives stuffed with sausage then fried in a very thin but crunchy batter.  The fat of the sausage, the salt of the olives and the crunch of the crust were the perfect pairing with a robust Italian red wine!  We would definitely come back and try this for a more extensive meal, as the plates going past us looked fabulous too!  And although it was Friday and the Cosmo was packed, the service at the bar was very good and very efficient.  Definitely one of our better stops on this crawl!
5	We ate here our first night in the hotel mostly for convenience and a light meal for late on our travel day. It was so good and the menu so appealing, we decided to make reservations for a celebratory full foodie meal on our last night. This review represents the best of the two visits.The bone marrow appetizer was awesome. It was bare, which puts the special flavor of marrow front and center. There was an odd red beet and oxtail mound on the plate! which would probably have been better without any additional meat. I noticed a pork Oso buco on the menu as well, so folks here seem to like the overwhelming richness of marrow. The carpaccio was dressed with arugula an aioli which I found too rich and my wife liked as is. The grilled octopus was delicious. I have never had it paired with chickpeas, but it worked so well, mostly due to the tomatoes and basil that tied it together,We tried both lamb T bone which was delightful, albeit a little undercooked and the veal chop, which was served with an absolutely extraordinary veal and mushroom reduction.We tried four deserts: an afogato, mascarpone cheesecake (creamy, mild and not as heavy as the usual cheesecake), hazelnut Tartuffo with a chocolate ganache shell and some blueberry compote (not huckleberry as advertised) and a salad caramel boudino which was a dreamy heavenly decadent Vegas finale.There were some obvious hiccups on our second  night, but I'm not sure why I am so ready to excuse the errors and stick to my first 5-star impulse. Maybe it was our first night experience which was pretty close to perfect, maybe it was the service and the quieter ambience that the adjacent options, maybe it was the wine. Either way, it's a pretty good foodie meal, a little on the rich side.
4	My husband and I aLOVE this place and have been making it our go-to for special occasions for years. Everything is delicious but the DOCG pizza with truffle and duck egg and the caramel budino dessert are to die for. Why four starts and not 5? While the closely spaced tables are a nice reminder of dining in NYC- I do wish there was a little more privacy. Additionally, the place is $$$ after increasing their prices in the last four years- hence the special occasion limitation.
3	We had 2 nice meals at D.O.C.G. during our stay at the Cosmopolitan. The first time, we had a light meal -- the highlight was the arancini (rice balls) - crispy on the outside, gooey and yummy on the inside, flavorful with a light sauce. We split a margarita pizza and prosciutto wrapped prawns. The pizza was OK, but the prawns were overly salted, which was not needed with the prosciutto, so that was a disappointment. The second time, I had a kale & escarole salad with pancetta and egg and hubby had a fabulous pasta dish with fresh fettucine, tomatoes and asparagus - that was excellent. Service was great, attentive, but not overly so.
2	Could call my love affair with Pizza an addiction, but won't go into that. A few simple ingredients, which I really find difficult to mess up. That being said, I have never had pizza as bland as this. As a fancier Italian restaurant that features pizza on the strip, they could have warned us that the pizza we ordered had NO sauce. I ordered the prosciutto pizza and what followed was a round piece of bread with a slight sprinkle of cheese and a hint of prosciutto. I double checked with the waiter to see if the menu specified if the pizza had no sauce. It did not. It would be nice if they mentioned on the menu that some of the pizzas were like this. Pro:-Great ambiance, modern and rustic. -Menu is simple and classic Italian. -Arugula salad was flavorful with bits of bacon sprinkled throughout. -The cocktail/wine list was so long it had a table of contents. That was pretty badass. -Other food looked good from a distance.
2	My eyes on your eyesLike Peter Pan up in the skyMy best friend's house tonightLet's bump the beats till beddy-bye at DOCG! - Group Love (tongue tied)The foremost reason we ate here was because we were staying at the Cosmopolitan and it's conveniently located outside of the room elevators. I thought that I had tried every restaurant at this hotel that I wanted to already, and I mistakenly tried to fit one more new experience in. You only get two or three dinners per Vegas trip so you better choose wisely. I'm usually a stubborn person but I also am willing to admit when I make obvious mistakes, and this was my fault.A few of their small plates, the grilled octopus and the crispy pork belly, were presented pretty nicely but just didn't hit the mark flavor wise. The ratio of each component felt off. I ordered the PICI pasta that came with braised duck sauce and truffles. When it came out, it seemed like it had sat in the line and got a little cold. The sauce was also a tad overpowering.I'm almost certain they share a kitchen with Scarpetta next door as they are both Scott Conan's restaurants. I absolutely rave about the pasta at Scarpetta but this was an entirely different experience. Maybe we should've tried their pizza but the small plates weren't impressive either. DOCG to me stands for 'Don't Overthink Cause Golly!' Stop by for a drink, but eat elsewhere.
1	We were hungry and disappointed after waiting all evening to go to Wicked Spoon, only to discover they closed at 9pm. The first place that looked inviting was D.O.C.G., but the thoroughly bored hostess almost turned me off. She told us it was more casual than Scarpetta next door, so we went in. The decor was old world with what looked like a winetasting bar along one wall. First of all, our young waiter was great. However, the extremely noisy and drunk party at the table next to us made us both want to leave. Our waiter assured me the party was leaving and soon, they were gone. The bread our waiter brought was cold and we sent it back to get warmed up. Really? My wife couldn't find anything that she liked, but she knew how hungry I was. The menu was very difficult to read with the small print and low light. Next, the prices were very high for what I consider casual dining, but I chalked it up to being in Vegas. I ordered the sausage pizza and an Italian cabernet sauvignon. Wow. My wife had a slice of the pizza and she described it as Domino's-level. I was inclined to agree. The crust had a gluten-rich chewiness that I liked, but the toppings were flavorless. The cab was boring WAY overpriced at $18.00. What a rip-off. When the waiter asked how things were I lied. It wasn't his fault and at that point, we were done. Never again.
4	Service was very slow. Grilled Eggplant was served cold as if refrigerated or room temp. That being said the grilled octopus was surprisingly amazing! It's service over pine nuts in an indescribable sauce. We devoured all of it! And the restaurant pizza which comes with a poached egg on it was some of the best pizza I've ever had with perfect crust. Not too doughy and not too crisp. Would definitely go again but just a bit pricey (even for Vegas) for the portion sizes.
4	I am italian and usually very picky with my food.This restaurant was good last year when i was in vegas and had the same quality this year.The octopus with cheekpeas is fantastic and you won t believe the pizza and the arancini, a must.Service is ok. Kind of understaffed and the waiter had too many tables but will go back next year.
3	If you like olives, you have to get the fried olives stuffed with sausage!  I had the braised short rib and it was fabulous, hearty and fork tender.  Giving 3 stars because the prosciutto pizza was not that great.  Just needed to be cooked a little longer and not enough flavor.
5	I see no reason to not just give 5 stars. My  friend who was wary about getting a steak said it was the best he has had in a long time. Thumbs up.
3	Me and my girlfriend went here for a special date night while visiting Las Vegas. We basically played eenie meenie miney moe with the fancy restaurants on this floor at the Cosmopolitan and this is where we landed. We were both really happy with our choice. She had a pasta dish and I had a pizza. We also shared a fried artichoke dish, which was really tasty. I would order all of those dishes again for sure. I also have mixed emotions about the bread basket. The fresh bread was great, but they also throw in a wrapped package of thin breadsticks, which I wasn't crazy about, considering that's something not even Olive Garden does.I will say we didn't fully take advantage of the restaurant, however, because the name represents a famous wine review and neither of us had any alcohol since that is what we had been doing all week long and we needed a break. I do have a couple qualms with this place though. For one, the staff was not the friendliest. Our waiter was only so-so. He wasn't too attentive. The young man serving water was great though. My cup was never half full, or half empty, depending on how you view the world. My other issue was that there was a really loud table of about 20 men who were yelling like they were eating at a Hooters restaurant. I expected the staff to have a little more control over its patrons considering the ambiance was partly ruined. One expects a certain level of etiquette when spending the kind of money you do at a place like this.
5	Great little restaurant within the massive Cosmopolitan complex off the strip in Vegas.  The octopus appetizer was spectacular.  The pasta entrees divine.  The wine list, though expensive, offered some great Tuscan options.  Plus, the service was excellent.  I would definitely return.
3	Good food but really quiet for a Vegas joint.  Not bad if you're looking for a romantic or quiet place but definitely not a "fun" place.   I had the short ribs, which were melt in your mouth tender.  It was on top of a dollop of mashed potatoes and roasted vegetable.  The salted caramel bundino was delicious!
5	Still love DOCG Enoteca.  This time we brought a 10 year old and a 1 year old with us.  We started with bone marrow and artichoke appetizers. Then we each ordered a pasta dish. They were very sweet to bring us a DOCG Pizza on the house.  As expected, everything was awesome and each of us thought we ordered the best dish. My ricotta dumplings were amazing. We passed on dessert because we are indecisive and thought the 1 year old might have reached his limit.Everyone who helped us that night was so sweet and we received such awesome service. I can only imagine what they thought when we walked up with the two kids, but we were treated so well and loved our meal.
5	Food was wonderful. Service was on point. The fried olives stuffed with Italian Sausage may be one of the best appetizers I've ever had. Seated promptly, waiter and asst waiter were great and informative. Food was tremendous. My wife said that the pasta was the best she's had. Pizza was rated one of the best in Vegas and I concur.  Pricing was not horrible considering the location. Highly recommended.
2	This place is totally incongruent.Came here because it was advertised as $$ (31-50$) on open table.It was $60 pp without drinks.The entrees ranged in orice from $23-38 (okay)Appetizers and salads $13-17 (okay)The cheapest bottle of wine on their wine list was $60. ? Really?  We just ate at Joel Robuchon and they had a number of different wines in the $40 range and this place doesn't even have one? Wtf.All of our food, appetizers and entrees came out at once.Octopus,  eh, no flavor, bland too fishy.Pork belly again terribly bland, served a top undercooked potatoes.The duck/black truffle pasta was the only saving grace of this meal. The pasta was fresh and well seasoned, I enjoyed this dish.Short ribs,  meh, I've had better. Never mind by the time I got to eat them they were cold because it's hard to try to eat 4 dishes at once on a small table. For the $120 tab, this place was totally not worth it.
4	Great food. Service was top notch and I can't believe this place isn't packed from wall to wall every second. Gnocchi was great, pizzas were on point. Chefs in the dining room making a couple table visits. Love to see that.
2	Not as good as it was when it opened.  When the Cosmo first opened the menu was much more reasonable, and the food was awesome.  We just ate there this last weekend, and the menu prices have increased dramatically and it is less of a pizza and pasta place than it used to be.  Also, the prices were dramatically higher.
5	We went for my friend's birthday and also before going to a concert.  We were greeted with such attentive service, kind wait staff, and the food was absolutely amazing.  The favorites at the table were the bone marrow risotto entree, the octopus and the artichoke appetizer.  For dessert, everything melted in our mouths, every one!  I have never made tiramisu that good before.When I return to Vegas, I will make sure to visit this restaurant every time!!
5	My friends and I really enjoyed the appetizers, entrees, and desserts that Chef Gina prepared. The food was unique and delicious!
4	Came here to grab something to eat before seeing a concert at the Cosmo blvd. pool. Having known about this joint for many years and people that have worked with the sister restaurant next door (scarpeta), I had a high expectation of the place. First off, the atmosphere of the restaurant is perfect for what it tries to accomplish. It is nice and cozy and doesn't feel like a 200 plus packed Vegas style restaurant. As in Vegas style, I mean a place that wreaks of turn and burn and over charging you for everything. We sat at the bar and was greeted right away with the dinner and wine menu. Our bar tender was nice and out spoken for my favorite baseball team (he is also a fellow Oakland A's fan!). I ordered the al ceppo (bolognese and ricotta) while my friends ordered pies and calamari. Having worked at an Italian restaurant in the past, I always go out of the way to try out every places bolo. To my surprise, I was pleasantly surprised on how good it was. The pies were alright, though that is another story when it comes to rating pizzas. The menu is small, and probably mimics and compliments scarpeta menu for something to be desired on the fly and keeping it simple. The next time I'm at the Cosmo , will be back to order apps and drinks.
5	A few people recommended that I try D.O.C.G, and they were right!The service isn't just good, it's swift and impeccable.  The pizza is excellent!  I had the sausage pizza, my wife had the margherita, and I'd happily go back for either one.  The wine was the perfect compliment for our meal.  The desserts looked good, but we were both full after dinner. Don't miss this place!
4	D.O.C.G came highly recommended by my pizziolo sous chef at a classically Neapolitan pizzeria brother, his lovely pastry chef wife, and impeccably tasteful and Vegas aficionado friend. It had to be good! Plus, we're staying at the Cosmo anyway, so we had to try it out.With an extensive wine list, exposed brick interior, and marble table-tops, everything at the restaurant looks appetizing. Like many Italian restaurants, the bread basket was accompanied by oil for dipping. The server asked if we like balsamic (can't stand it) so points for asking first. We also got the option for a refill.The pizzas were large enough to share and take a box to the room for later. My only complaint is that the experience ended rather quickly. There were plenty of open tables, it would've been nice if everything wasn't so rushed. Still a lovely place, and definitely worth a spot on the must-try list.
5	Bouncing around looking for a good steak and maybe a good glass of wine, we finally came across this place. From the glass of wine, the Caesar salad, the pureed potatoes, and the great filet cooked perfectly, this place was exactly what we were looking for... I think we were the last customer in, I could tell because I saw the look on the waiters faces when we walked in. I work in the industry so I know what the last table look, looks like. I totally understand... Besides all that, the waiter was very accommodating.  The meal came and we were satisfied... Thank you D.O.C.G. Enoteca for satisfying our hunger even at the end of your night!!!
2	Bread was cold. Pizza was cold. Was a big fan of this place once upon a time. Really disappointed.
5	What has taken us so long to dine at celebrity and award-winning Chef Scott Conant's D.O.C.G. Enoteca before? Since 2010, Chef Conant opened two Italian restaurants (D.O.C.G. and Scarpetta) in The Cosmopolitan Hotel, we've passed by numerous times on our way to other restaurants or boutiques. So this time, on our 2-day jaunt to Las Vegas, I decided to make reservations.  I chose D.O.C.G. over the sleek, sophisticated and earthy Scarpetta.  D.O.C.G. Enoteca is definitely more casual, rustic and yet modern.  Melissa was our fresh-faced, personable and attentive server. She was efficient without being rushy or obtrusive. Her friendliness matched the casual rustic restaurant as she brought out our selections in relaxed succession. We had an early dinner reservation because we were leaving Las Vegas in the next morning and we wanted to "squeeze" in a couple more hours of gambling. We started with the feature appetizer, a plate of 6 deep-fried semolina crusted oysters with Tabasco aioli.  We paired it with a bottle of 2013 Jermann Pinot Grigio that was crisp, citrusy and peachy with a smooth finish.  Melissa recommended some pasta and pizza but upon perusing the menu, we decided upon pasta. My husband chose Pici which was a bowlful of hand crafted short, thick spaghetti with braised duck sauce and black truffles. The duck sauce was chock-full of tender braised shredded duck meat. While I ordered Scialatielli that was composed of handcrafted tubular pasta with lobster and shrimp arrabbiata.  The arrabbiata wasn't overly spicy or tomatoey.  Both pastas were perfectly cooked and the sauces seemed to coat every nook and cranny of the pasta shapes. While dining, Melissa came by regularly to refill our water and wine glasses. We were considering ordering dessert wine but my "sweet tooth" chose the Salted Caramel Budino with pretzel toffee. The Budino was an intensely flavored salted caramel pudding that we paired with coffee. It was rich, sweet, creamy and rounded out our dinners. Our tastebuds and stomachs had been treated to authentic flavorful rustic Italian cuisine.  We ended our dining experience feeling full of energy and continued our evening by gambling until the "wee hours" of the next morning.
2	The scialatelli pasta with lobster was really good but that was unfortunately eclipsed by the pizza that tasted like cleaning fluid! I had a bite of the pizza and immediately spit it out. My friend asked if he should try it, and I said "of course" so I knew I wasn't imagining things. He took a bite and spit it out and washed his mouth out. He said it tastes like they cooked it in Ajax. We called over the waitress to tell her and she looked shocked and just said "I'll tell chef" (not "the chef"). We stressed that they should check to see if there's some cleaning solution in the oven. She didn't reply. We eventually called over the manager since there was no report back from chef. This moron says "maybe you were tasting the char on the pizza". Are you fucking kidding me?! Char doesn't taste like Ajax. We explained that and he said "our ovens are 600 degrees and burn off everything". My friend suggested they check the prep station. He had zero concern about the issueIf we get sick and die, this is to let my family know to sue this restaurant and punch the idiot manager in the head.
4	I wish we had been more hungry, but that wasn't the case. We had eaten at Spago early in the evening before Shania Twain. After Shania, we came here, which I had booked thinking MAYBE we'd be hungry. We really weren't, unfortunately. However, I love Scott Conant and had to have something. So, we got their meat and cheese plate. Delicious! However, they could have used a little more variety, as all cheeses and meats were relatively similar. The wine and the wine choices were superb and I was able to find great wines with no trouble. I wish we could have tried the pizza, as everyone around us had one and they looked SO GOOD! Ambiance is great and the decor is fitting. If I'm in Vegas again, I will gladly come back...and EAT!
4	Very good Roman styled Enoteca on 3rd floor of Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino.  All pastas are hand-made and cooked aldente. Ariancini and flash fried baby artichokes are flavorful and make excellent antipasti. Good wines by glass. There are also meat and fish items on menu.
4	Had the margarita, argula salad, fries and three pasta dishes. The pasta with sausage was addictive. Handmade pasta with flavorful sausage-i found it a complex mix of textures and favors that I would like eat every week.
