4	This locally owned gem now has 6 locations serving the valley. They have unbeatable knowledge and service, great pricing, and a large selection of the best brands. Give these guys a shot before your regular Best Buy run and see what a difference it makes to shop local. Ask lots of questions - they love it!
1	Ohh yeah, i remember this place. Went there when we just got a house in search of appliances. I kinda wondered around the stored, groped some fridges and stoves, fondled some microwaves, played with washer/dryers. Interestingly enough no one was interested weather I am there for a tour or actually going to purchase something. I did not find their listed prices to be amazing, and no one bothered to assist me with possibly better prices, so i just left. Screw them!"I NO like"
2	The current appliances in our kitchen came from Spencer's. We will not be going back.We ordered the appliances when we started building this house. It was suggested we do so to lock in the price. Ok fine since we did not have to continue with the sale if we did not wish too.Time comes for delivery; they no longer have access to the fridge I picked. I picked this one for very specific reasons. So fine we have to pick another. So we expect delivery the next day, no way. Nothing no calls nothing. We call them are told that it will be a few days because the it will take that long to get them from where ever they get them. Now mind you the commercial style stove had been ordered seven months prior. We had to wait a week. They finally delivered the stove, but forgot the grills on which one cooks. No one knows where they are. They bent the back of the stove by cinching it too tight to the dolly. I tell them just put it in I can not see the back. They say they can not install the hood and fan that day, will be back tomorrow morning. Never came back. It took two days to get an answer as to when they will bring the grates and install the hood. The grates came via UPS and the guy who came to install the hood said he does not know how to install on the granite wall. So we tell him to just forget that part and install the actual hood. He can't, why I never understood. Someone else came four days later and installed the hood and brought the fridge. The door on the fridge is scrapped up. They replace it with a new one a few weeks later and this one has a very crooked logo on the door and with a very week seal on the door. We saved very little money with this purchase. But we were irritated beyond any savings. Oh and I hate the fridge in my kitchen. It will be replaced but not by Spencer's.
2	Limited selection, okay pricing, after-sales service sucks!
1	I purchased a GE Dishwasher from Spencers TV and Appliance in Scottsdale in December of 2005.    I have had repair technicians out from Goldwing Appliance three times and have to call again. This time for a alarm clock sounding buzz.    I was sold this unit for $600. plus a 6 year warranty for a total of $855.57. I don't think that is a cheap dishwasher. I bought it because the salesman, Tony L. advised me that it has a bigger motor and larger holes in the water distribution system resulting in less scraping and cleaner dishes. That made sense to us.    The first time I had a repair tech out it was because the dishes do not get clean. We were advised to buy the "pellets" soap at Costco and to increase the water temperature. The next time a tech came out it was because the dishwasher would not drain. The technition opened the bottom of the dishwasher and cleaned it out. He advised us that the problem was that we bought a cheap dishwasher and that we should have sprung for the Bosch. He also advised uds to quit using thre "pellet" soap as the dishwasher is not powerful enough to break it down so some grains stick to the dishes. We were also put on a cup of vinegar each month on a empty wash cycle to help the machine wash the soap from it's system.    Next the dishwasher started flooding my kitchen. This happened repeatedly. When the tech showed up I was advised that there was a problem with the drain valve and rather than replace it the tech removed the quiet guard and left it under my sink. When asked about it he said that if it flooded again to call them again and they would come out and try something else. He also advised me that a cheap dishwasher like this was loud anyway so I would not notice the sound difference.    A few days later I called the Scottsdale Spencers TV & Appliance and asked for the manager. I believe his name was Tony. He listened to my story and advised me that he would call me back the next day and that he would have the manager of Goldwing Appliance Factory Service call me.    That was about 60 days ago and I have yet t hear back from anyone.    My dishwasher is again in need of repair.    Each time the repair person from Goldwing Appliance (owned by Spencers) have said the problem was caused by buying a cheap dishwasher and that we should have bought the Bosh.    I can not tell you how disappointed I am in all three of these businesses. Spencers TV & Appliance in Scottsdale, Goldwing Appliance Factory Service and General Electric.    Make no mistake, I will buy Bosh next time but it will be from another retailer. I just wish I could have gotten more than 2 1/2 years out of this poorly constructed product and some real service out of a 6 year extended warranty.    Buyer Beware!
4	WOW!  I guess I had a decidedly different experience here than most of the other Yelpers.  OK, to start, I'm a complete dork.  I do so much research before making large purchases, salesmen literally hate me.  They do, they really do hate me because I'm not about to be BS'd and I'll call their BS without hesitation.With that said, I was on the quest for the best price on a new washer and dryer.  My last one flooded my guesthouse and then my garage.  So I started pricing new ones, searching Consumer Reports and talking to my people.  I settled on the fancy new front loaders by LG and priced them at every retail outlet I could find online.  Spencers was not one of them.  THEY DON'T HAVE A WEBSITE that you can check stuff out on.  How 90's is that??  I can't believe they've stayed somewhat competitive in this day and age.OK, so after Best Buy and Sears told me that they don't actually stock the items and that it'd be 7 - 10 business days before I got my new appliances that I'm going to pay almost $2k for, I decided to call Spencers and just see if they do have them and if they are even competitive. To make a long story short, not only did they have the washer and dryer IN STOCK, they beat the pants off of Sears and Best Buy (I ruled out HomoDeopt and Lowes a long time ago).  And, I feel good that I shopped at a locally owned business.I'll check them out 1st next time I'm in the market for a new appliance, then I'll check everybody else out.
1	If I could give 0 stars, I would! I have had the WORST buying experience here. In May 2008 I purchased a dishwasher, stove, & microwave from Spencers and my experience was OK so I went back to buy more appliances when I moved. I purchased a Washing Machine, Dryer, & 50" Plasma TV. They first tried switching the TV at delivery to a model that was $600 cheaper. When we said they gave us the wrong model they said that the TV they sent was a replacement because they sold all of the model we purchased and couldn't get anymore. After 2 weeks we still didn't have a new TV and they would only offer to switch us to a model $600 cheaper. It wasn't until after we called for the owner and submitted a report on Rip Off Report that the TV we originally purchased magically appeared at one of their locations. The Washing Machine had some issues from day 1, but ran. After 1 month of use the front loading washer completely stopped working. Now a week and half later we've had the service company out twice and it's still not working and we're being told that we will be without a washing machine for weeks. How is a person supposed to go a month without a washing machine?! It's 1 month old and needs 2 new motherboards. After the experience I had with the TV I wouldn't be surprised if I received a refurbished washer or something. Don't be lured by their cheaper prices. We bought so much there to save some money on the deals they offer, but learned they offer the deals because they screw you after the fact. Don't be like me and read the bad reviews and shop there anyways because of their prices, trust me... it's not worth the inferior quality or service you receive and they lies they tell are out of control!
1	Beware Spencer's. Horrible customer service. We just had a very bad experience that ended with VISA ruling in our favor to refund our money. We ordered a Vent-a-hood from Spencers to be shipped to our home in California. They shipped it UPS and requested no signature on delivery. It was left at the door because no one was home. When we found it - we noticed the box was very damaged and the hood was dented. We immediately called Spencers and told them we received a damaged hood. Most vendors we have dealt with would simple say "ship it back and we will replace it". Not Spencers - their response was - that's not our problem - if you want a new one we will sell it to you - its your problem" I was actually speechless that they would say that. We called UPS and they came right out and picked it up. UPS also told us that we can not claim the damage because only the shipper (aka SPENCERS) can claim damage as they contracted and paid for the shipping. This makes perfect sense to almost any average person. Spencers argued with us and said we accepted the damaged shipment so it is our problem. How could we accept a shipment that they (yes SPENCERS) did not require a signature for so it was left at our home when we were not there? As soon as we discovered the damage we called them. These guys are just plain bad people. They don't care about you as a customer and apparently they don't care at all about their reputation. We filed a complaint with VISA and they quickly agreed with us that it is SPENCERS FAULT and they were supposed to deliver to us a hood in new condition. They contracted UPS and any damage they have to work with their shipper on. Needless to say we were about to purchase a $10,000 range from them which we cancelled - what idiots. I did further research and found that they received numerous complaints from consumers on after sales support. Yelp, yahoo and even the Better Business Bureau of Phoenix can give you a good idea of what these people are like. Beware and shop somewhere else.
5	I also had a very good experience at Spencers TV and appliance. my family has purchased all of there appliances there since i can remember and i gotta say the prices are great, the customer service is good and i like the fact that I'm keeping my money in the local economy. I'm so sick to death of best buy and ultimate electronics. My most recent purchase was from Justin at the mesa store, my husband usually buys everything from Keith but he wasn't there that day. Justin approached us a few moments after we walked in he was very friendly. we asked for Keith and he told us Keith was out of the building but he would be happy to help and that he actually just married Keith's daughter. we thought that was kinda nice. we told him we needed a new set of laundry because the old ones we had died a few days earlier. he spent about 30 minutes with us on a busy Saturday the store was filled with people but he didn't care, he stuck with us the whole time. we finally landed on a new set of whirlpool front loading machines(which i love by the way). Justin showed us consumer reports and how they were not rated the best but how they were a much better buy because of all the rebates and such. He also took us online and showed us 3 competitors prices just to assure us we were getting the best deal. while he was ringing up the sale the owner of the company came out of his office and we were introduced to him. he is a very nice man. you don't see that in most places. The delivery came on Monday they set everything up took away the old ones and even spent a quick minute going over how to use the product with me. I gotta say GREAT as usual with Spencers. i would recommend them to anyone who wants a great deal and great customer service. They even printed up the srp rebates for me and gave me copies of my bill to send in with them. that was the icing on the cake for me.
5	That salesman Les is just great.  He has helped us with my Mother's house, three rentals,  and our house.  No one does a better job and for a great price.  And when he says he can deliver asap, he means it.  Just call Les. thanks, barbara and jean
1	Got a notice for the preferred customer sale last week for their sale on April 21, 2011. Their flyer stated that they had been successful in arranging with their suppliers to stage a fabulous clearance at their store. They had arranged for special discounts, including electrolux, however when I went to the store, they said that Electrolux was not on sale, even though I showed them their flyer. I asked two separate salespersons and their response was "must have been a typo" and yeah, we don't discount electrolux. What a bait and switch type of operations. Too bad, I really was looking forward to spending some cash there.
2	I bought 2 refrigerators, a washer, a dryer and an Reverse Osmosis system from them about 2 months ago. I have experienced several minor issues with them that have become big issues because I can hardly get our salesperson Paul to return our calls. The first issue was when our fridge was making a sound that you could hear throughout the ENTIRE house. I called in for mechanical support on a Saturday and they told me that I would have to wait until Monday for service. It was an issue that couldn't wait out the weekend. I asked them to escalate the issue to a GM or owner and they said they are not available on the weekends. This issue did not get solved by them.I then received a bill from a third party installation company for the installation of of our RO system. The problem is that we paid Spencers for the installation. Since that time I have had several calls with Spencers in an attempt to resolve the issue. A couple of weeks later I called to talk to Paul about a discount that had failed to be applied to our purchase. As soon as he heard that it was me he went into assuring me that the billing issue was resolved.Last week, guess what? I got a collections threat from the third party vendor that Spencers had supposedly resolved this billing issue with. I called in to Spencers on Wednesday night and left a message for Paul to call me. Fast forward to Saturday, guess what no call from Paul. I then called Spencers and now Paul is on vacation. I then asked to talk to the GM. "I am sorry we don't have a GM on duty over the weekends. He will be in on Tuesday." Ohhh, the GM must be out celebrating a long weekend. Maybe it is a little known retailers holiday like "Double Billing Days?" How do you not have a Manager or Tech people on call at least over the weekends?I have utilized their website "contact us" e-mail address and have still not heard back from anyone. Let's see did I miss anything?MisbilledDiscount not appliedNo Tech/Mechanical support on Saturday afternoons or all day SundaysNo Managers on duty on the weekendSales Person not returning callsNo, I think that pretty much covers it. Oh yeah, did I tell you that my in-laws bought a full house worth of appliances prior to us buying? Considering we have probably paid for Pauls vacation this year you would think we could get a call back from someone.
1	Since posting my previous review, I have had some interaction with Spencers. The Store Manager from Scottsdale called me. Instead of hearing out my concern, acknowledging my concerns and then addressing it he just tried to justify what he could and had no response for those things that he couldn't make an excuse for. My issue was eventually resolved. Paul, my sales person, he should have received a message from me on Wednesday. He went on vacation on Saturday knowing that my issues were unresolved and he didn't bother calling me.Someone by the name of Wayne did call and leave a message. I think he overseas all the operations. I tried calling him back yesterday morning. He has not bothered to return my call. I am in customer service and the number 1 rule for me is to call the customer immediately. Even if you don't have all the answers for them, at least call them, hear their concerns, acknowledge their concerns and then tell them about your action plan to bring them to resolution. This seems to be a very foreign concept.
1	I bought a dishwasher at the Gilbert, AZ store yesterday.  I was told that they would call and give me a 2 hour window of their arrival.  It is now 4:30pm so I called to ask when they would be arriving.  Apparently the person who sold it to me put the wrong date for delivery in the computer.  The first person I talked to offered no apologies and stated that it would be delivered tomorrow.  When I insisted that they assure me that it would be there in the early AM they stated that they would put notes in the computer but there would be no guarantees.  1 star for poor customer service.
1	I purchased a full kitchen suite from Spencer's (on Scottsdale Road) July 2010.  First, my sales person, Paul, swore he would help me with the rebates that were available both with Whirlpool and the state at the time.  He said he submitted and when I called to confirm, both rebates were ineligible because everything wasn't submitted in time.  I lost out on nearly $500 in rebates because of Paul.Second, on September 10, 2010, my refrigerator stopped working.  Turns out the fridge stopped defrosting itself and the board had to be replaced.  Spencer's sent someone out and it was repaired.  September 9, 2011, the same thing happened again.  This time Spencer's refused to help because it was 6 weeks out of warranty (even though this is a continuing issue). I used my home warranty and a repair person came out, confirmed the same issue (computer board needs to be replaced for a second time) and stated this is a rarity and that I got a faulty fridge.  Paul has done nothing but provide lip service.  He says he contacted the Whirpool rep and that Whirlpool would make this right.  I have heard nothing from Paul or Whirlpool.  I understand that sometimes you just get a lemon...what I don't understand is why Spencer's doesn't stand behind the products they sell...especially such new appliances.  They care nothing about you.  They will say whatever they need to in order to get you to purchase and out the door.  Their prices might be good but you will get nothing else with that - there is ZERO service here!!
1	I purchased an LG Washer and Dryer in April 2011  because of a $400 rebate, it is now mid Sept and I have yet to receive the rebate. Spencer's places the blame on LG and will do nothing to assist in a resolution.
5	I have had multiple great experiences at Spencer's.  We have purchased all our home appliances at Spencer's.  They are a locally owned store and have impressively low prices and high quality products.  The thing that makes us keep coming back to Spencer's is the staff.  They are HELPFUL and make sure you get what you need and in your budget.  When I make large ticket purchases, I need some hand-holding especially if it's an appliance.  The staff answers questions, makes me feel comfortable and provides information that will help you make a purchase with some knowledge of what you are buying.  I tried going to a big box store for a great deal but Spencer's was cheaper and I was able to ask questions to someone who had answers... I will keep coming back for appliances.
4	I think buying local, getting a great price, and service is as good as it gets in retail. No ananymous people to deal with on the phone or via e-mail.Additionally, if your order is wrong Spencer's will make it right for you. I spent a significant amount of money on new appliances. When I ordered the wrong trim kit (my fault) they took care of the problem.
5	The people at Spencer's were here for me when I had a problem with my Electrolux refrigerator.  I wont go into detail about the problems because what is important here is the fabulous support I received from all the contacts at Spencer's.  The refrigerator was replaced and I can't say enough good things about Spencer's.  Go ahead and ask some of my friends.  Over the years, the only place I would ever recommend to purchase an appliance is at Spencer's.  We have four houses and every appliance in them has come from Spencer's.  Price and SERVICE that can't be beat at my Scottsdale store.
4	In need of a new refrigerator, we decided to check out the local shop before hitting up the big box chains.  We're glad we did.  Everything about the purchase at Spencer's was simple and pleasant.The salesman, Paul, really knew his stuff.  I sold appliances a long time ago at a Best Buy as a part-time job.  While I admit my training was minimal, I know enough about appliances to spot someone who knows less than I do.  He showed us some economical models, moved up to the better stuff, and just for kicks showed us the top of the line models.  We quickly determined that we could get a lot more fridge for our money than we had planned.  He spent a ton of time with us even though it was very obvious we weren't going to buy it that afternoon (we told him upfront that we were still trying to work things out with the home warranty company).  We also left the store feeling confident that he gave us the best price we could get.It took a few days, but a simple phone call was all we needed to do to finish things up. Delivery, install, and the price of a stainless steel waterline (recommended) is only $50.  The fridge was in our house two days later (we waited an extra day because of the fourth of July).   A quick, smooth and painless process.  If you get the service plan, Spencer's actually owns the company that does the repairs.  It's not an outsourced job like the big box stores do.I know I'll head to Spencer's again when I need to upgrade the rest of my appliances.
2	Purchase dryer, washer and fridge for our rental house.  They price matched and got us the color we wanted plus delivered and installed for one low price.New tenant moves in, the washer is not draining.  Call Spencers, they come back and  technician wants to charge US $65 just to look at it.  Then he says the washer is disgusting because there are clothes INSIDE the washer (well duh, it didn't drain, she tried to get everything out but missed a couple of socks whatever!)After going back and forth with them and finally getting Spencer's on the phone after we just bought the items a week ago and were the first times being used it turned out it was THEIR fault, as they didn't open the valve or whatever switch they needed to turn for the washer to drain properly.The guy was a total jerk, and would not admit it was their fault, kept saying the lady living in the house was a slob and the washer had dirty laundry in it (uhhhh, hello? IT'S A WASHER!!!!!).  That evening I get a call from them again after I complained about their service.  They said the place was mess when they showed up and there was really dirty laundry in the washer.  I explained to them that the new tenant had just moved in the day before they came, so of course there's gonna be a bunch of boxes and stuff all over.  Plus the lady was washing the sheets she used to cover furniture for the move (not that is any of their business).  I think they were just making excuses for their lazyness and incompetence.That was the washer. The fridge kept making this horrible noise which they insisted it would go away after a while... it's still pretty loud, but not as loud as when new.Dryer died (it's the motor) after 17 months.  All whirlpool appliances have a 5 year warranty, except this one, so now we have to get a new dryer.  Guess where I'm NOT buying it from????
4	I called Spencer's yesterday for some information concerning a new stove and spoke to Blake.  I was in sales for thirty years so how an individual handles a phone call from me really affects whether i will even go some place.  Blake handled the call as professionally as I could ask for. I worked on commission for many years so if a person is decent on the phone with me, I will always give that person a chance to make a better living by asking for him or her if i decide to go in that store.  I did just that  I went in today.  I did have to wait for him to finish with another customer but it gave me a chance to look around.  Besides, I can remember over the years how many customers waited for me, I gave Blake that same courtesy.I can tell you, working with Blake was a delight.  I told him exactly what I needed.   He displayed an excellent knowledge of his inventory.  He showed me exactly what was available in my desired price range.  The main question was whether to get a stove with exposed burners or not and was it self cleaning.  He volunteered information that I didn't expect which encouraged me to buy what I didn't plan on-the type without exposed burner's.  I appreciated that as I wasn't considering resale value in the long run.  It certainly didn't hurt that he also found me a model that was less than I expected to pay.  The entire process took less than twenty minutes from beginning to end and they are delivering tomorrow.  If all goes well when the delivery is made tomorrow, I will have to consider going to five stars on this review.I certainly recommend asking for Blake.   He's knowledgeable and resourceful.  I am totally satisfied by how he handled the situation.  He made no attempt to over sell which I much appreciate.   I can see going back and asking for him with no reservations.  Good man, Blake.I'd like to say one more thing for this store.    The professionalism that I found with Blake seemed to be a reflection of how the rest of the staff operated.  This is a local company that I think has discovered that quality customer service is what brings success.   Shopping local is not a necessity but I am happy when I can do it.
1	This is the first negative review I have ever posted. We purchased all our appliances for our first house, other homes since, vacation home, and provided many referrals to friends and family. Never again. I have experienced all the b.s customer service 101 push back answers others have too and had to call the store mgr multiple times over the last few months. We selected a GE Profile fridge based on where the salesman told us the ice tray was located in the bottom - had him confirm with associates and data/mfg drawings he had. When it showed up not as we were told/sold, and we asked for an exchange we were told sure for a $600 "restocking fee". Wow, even when I was willing to spend potentially more to make my wife happy? The GE Profile dishwasher was incorrectly installed and has not yet been fixed. I went from a promotor to a negative nightmare for Spencers. A once great local company known for their customer service has lost their way. Getting a new customer is 10x as expensive as keeping an existing net promotor happy, too bad Spencers does not understand this simple equation and how simple it is to keep customers happy any more.
4	At the time of the original order, I was charged for some services that were expected to be done.  It turned out some parts I paid for didn't have to be used after all.  When I called Blake about this,  he handled the refund over the phone with no problems. Based on his earlier service, this was what I expected from him.  Good to be able to say this about Blake!
1	I bought a $1600 Whirlpool gold refrigerator. Boy, do I regret it. The design is awful. Shelves are too close together,icemaker shoots ice all over the place, and the doors were delivered damaged. Goldwing has been out twice to replace the doors. Each time food had to be removed from freezer and refrigerator, but the doors didn't fit, so they will be trashed. I am waiting for my third set of doors. I called Vance, my salesperson at Spencer's,  to give him feedback on what a lousy appliance I bought. He referred me to Goldwing and told me that if I didn't like this refrigerator that Spencer's probably didn't have anything I would like! I will never buy anything from Spencer's again. Customer service is nonexistent .
1	We bought a complete kitchen appliance set from Spencers. When it was delivered, we noticed what looked like a dent in the door, but what was really a slight bulge. We asked them to replace the door or exchange the refrigerator. They said it would take as much as 30 days to order a new door.Within two days, the ice maker and the water dispenser were not working. We had a repairman come out and look at it, but he was unable to fix it. They said they would exchange the product if it could not be repaired, but then they backtracked and said that it could only be replaced after a service visit following an inspection visit to see what the problem was. We've been waiting for some resolution for over a week now and every time we try to get answers from them, they are very rude and short with us. We're just trying to get the product we paid for, but now that they have their money, we're not high on their "to do" list. I will make sure never to do business with them again, I would encourage anyone else reading this to stay away as well.
4	Been going here for a couple of years off and on when I need something.  And have worked with Vance both times.  Great salesman, not pushy, just really knowledgeable. I'd suggest anyone looking for appliances or tv's head over there.
1	My wife and I had been good customers of Spencer's.  We just didn't realize that as long as everything went perfect, they were great.  However, when it doesn't go their way, WHOA...what a bunch of worthless liars!We bought a bed from a fellow named Paul.  He was very informed and very convincing.  He mentioned that it sometimes takes 30 days to fully acquaint yourself with a new mattress, but that was about all he said.  He mentioned nothing about the fact that Spencer's does not take beds back or make exchanges if the customer is unhappy.  Guess we are spoiled by Costco, Nordstroms and others that will always allow you to bring something back if you are not pleased. In fairness, their policy was written in a one page letter and taped to the wall close to the mattresses.  But Paul never pointed it out and we just didn't see it.  So, when we came back to Spencer's to tell them the bed wasn't working, we got to wait for Paul (no one else would talk to us) to see if they might do something.  Paul was very nice and said that even though it wasn't their policy, we were good customers so they would definitely do something to make it right. He, of course, told us that since they sold the mattresses so cheap that they weren't making any money on them anyway.  Right... He promised to talk to "the boss" (who, of course wasn't there) and call us back the next day or the day after for sure.  Well, you guessed it, no call.  After three days we called and were told that Paul was on vacation. So we spoke to an assistant manager who listened to our story, looked at our account and promised to talk to "the boss" and get back to us "that day".  Right....Nothing is coming from Spencer's.  We are adults and if they had just called us and said that they just couldn't deviate from their policy, we might not have liked it too much, but we would have respected the call back.  But they lied to us.  Paul, the assistant manager and, apparently "the boss"....if he exists.  Not calling back your customer is unforgivable.  We have gone and bought another mattress (not at Spencer's) and will never cross their doorsteps again......
3	I wrote a scathing review of Spencer's on 7/11/13 because of our experience buying a mattress and trying to return it.  Since I wrote the review, Spencer's contacted us and told us they were going to try and get the manufacturer, Simmons, to take the mattress back.  After several weeks, they did agree to take the mattress back and refund all but 10% of our purchase price plus the delivery fee.  We felt that this "restocking" fee was fair.  They did pick up the mattress and did refund our purchase price, less 10%.  So I have to agree that Spencer's did follow through and make this deal right.We will again shop at Spencer's for appliances but never again for mattresses.  We now clearly understand their policy of not accepting returns on mattresses.  We will also be very careful to understand their return policy on any appliance we buy there as well.
5	Every time I need a new TV or appliance I know right where to go.  I have been here a few times over the past couple years and Vance has helped me with all my purchases.  About a year ago I needed a couple TVs and a new washer and dryer.  I wanted quality, high-end stuff so I went to Spencer's because I knew they would have what I was looking for.  I ended up purchasing a Samsung smart TV and front-loading Whirlpool washer and dryer. I couldn't be happier with the purchase!Recently, I moved into a new house and was in the market for a fridge. Of course, I went to Spencer's to find Vance to take care of my needs.  I ended up purchasing a really nice GE fridge.  It is a French door fridge and has a very industrial look...I haven't seen anything like it!  I told Vance what I was looking for and he knew exactly the right appliance for my needs!The appliances I have purchased from Spencer's are highlights in my new house and every time I have someone over these are the things that get noticed the most.  I think the compliments I receive all the time is what keeps me going back to Spencer's...I know I will find a high-quality product at a great price!
1	My husband and I went into spencers looking to buy all new appliances for our new house. We found a set we liked and we liked the price so we went to purchase the set. We get the invoice and the price is $2,000 more than the listed price. I told the sales guy I was a little confused and he said well that price is not actually for those appliances, it was for the bottom line appliances for that manufacture. We then told them we werent interested. Then the manger called to ask why we changed our mind. I told him it was false advertisement and a bait and switch type of thing. He then argued with me about how it was my fault that I didnt have enough time to go over all the paper work. Bottom line they had a HUGE sign on the stove for a certain price that wasnt even for those appliances. Worst customer service ever. Their loss we bought a whole new kitchen from somewhere else.
1	Why, oh why, did I not listen to their Yelp rating?Plain and simple, Spencer's has absolutely amazing customer service...until you give them your credit card. The three salespeople and two installation guys I had were extremely rude, and they installed TWO damaged appliances in my home and tried to place the blame on me. I was very pleased that they matched (and with a rebate, beat) Sear's pricing on a complete stainless steel Whirlpool kitchen. I was in-and-out quickly and excited about next-day delivery. Once we paid and left, the problems started. I called back with basic questions the day after delivery as was met with such a different demeanor that I genuinely thought I was speaking to a different person. After a problem with our measurements for our fridge (my fault, as an amateur I didn't take floor boards into account), we have to work quickly to find a new fridge for the space. My sales rep was downright upset with me for my mistake. He said he had already spent time that morning filling out and mailing in my rebate and spent about a full minute lecturing me on the importance of measuring properly. The installation guys also discussed my mistake over laughter, not realizing I speak enough Spanish to understand what they were saying.The worst part came about two hours after the installation guys left. Upon leaving he handed me a paper to sign and said "Sign this saying I installed the correct appliances and hauled away the old ones." He had, so I did. I immediately had to leave to run errands. Two hours later when I returned home, I noticed that there was a dent in the dishwasher that warped the entire front of the stainless steel face, and there was a two inch gash in the stove handle. I immediately called Spencer's to work out replacements/repairs, and my sales rep said, "Well, you should have noticed before you signed the paper that indicated that everything was in good shape." That's not what my installation guy led me to believe I had signed, and after about 3 minutes of forceful convincing, they agreed to replace the parts at their own cost. I was not about to spend hundreds of dollars replacing parts on appliances I hadn't even touched yet. All in all, SUCH a major disappointment. Avoid Spencer's at all cost- they will rope you in with outstanding customer service and then treat you like crap even after installing damaged parts in your home.
1	Formerly the best appliance store in AZ.  NOT ANY MORE!My family has purchased from Spencers well over a dozen times.  Not any more.I had my 90 year old in-laws purchase a TV from Spencers in December.  It failed a week later.  After thy Dad-in-Law got a run around I connected with the sales rep who finally stood behind the sale and replaced the TV.Now, 7 months later the TV fails again.  After the company they contract service with missed 3 appointments to make the repairs I called Spencers again.  This time, after 5 days of conversation and after Spencers scheduling an appointment for the service company that was missed again, they said we are out of luck.  We will have to wait for the service company to make repairs "when the part becomes available".We will now be dealing with the credit card company to get a refund and will be off to Romano's.Spencers advertises that they focus on customer service.  In fairness, the sales rep tried to handle things but the cowardly manager (John) won't get on the phone with a customer and leaves the sales rep to deliver bad news and no results.GO ELSEWHERE!
5	We recently purchased a TV and washer/dryer from Spencer's over Labor Day weekend. We had Don helping us out in the store, and he was awesome! First off, when we walked in, we didn't immediately feel like salespeople were hounding us/pressuring us to buy something. Don noticed us wandering around and politely asked if we wanted any help or just wanted to look around. He was very outgoing, personable, and knowledgeable! He pointed out a fantastic washer/dryer set that we have been using for a couple weeks now and love. He did not try to sell us on the most expensive set but instead was very honest with us and said he wanted us to get the best product. Next came the TV... we hadn't done much research yet but took Don's word regarding what we should buy. After we got home, we did a little bit of research and found out that the TV we got was indeed a great one but we felt like we had paid too much for it. My husband called Don the next day and he was very prompt in returning his call and making sure that Spencer's BEAT the price we had found the TV for at Best Buy. Great customer service!Lastly- the delivery and set up. Phenomenal! The delivery guys were so helpful and kind, and they did a fantastic job mounting our TV (even though we had a somewhat difficult setup). Plus, their mounting/delivery prices were comparable with Best Buy as well. We will continue to buy our appliances from Spencer's. My parents have had great experiences with them, and now we have an incredible one of our own. So happy we decided to support this local company!!
4	If you are looking for appliances or TV this has to be one place you need to go to for selection and price comparison. Purchased stove and dish washer here because they had the best selection and price.The sales people are very knowledgeable and have great suggestions.
1	Buyer beware! My husband and I have been a long time supporter of Spencer's until today. We purchased a mattress from them which after 3 months was so uncomfortable that I called to see if we could return it- they offered to see if it was a manufacturer default by having someone come out and test the mattress. I called the company and they came out the next day and determined the mattress was malfunctioning. I had to call Spencer's to follow up regarding this after waiting 5 days to hear from them. I went in within a couple of days and picked out a new mattress for an additional expense. The mattress was already over 3k. We set up delivery and left. Delivery was supposed to be today- I had to call and follow up to see where the driver was and was told the mattress did not make delivery due to paperwork errors. I had to take off work to accommodate the test, the delivery and now an additional day for another delivery. Spencer's offered nothing but an apology and couldn't even make my delivery a priority for the next day. More time off over something that was never a fault of mine. In fact I now had to pay more to get some sleep. Customer service is not an objective for this company...
1	Horrible service, bad attitude.   We have purchased several items, and because their computer systems are so antiquated, we can never get service.   Their system can not handle a husband and a wife phone number under the same address.The sales people are on par with new car salesmen....write their phone number on their business card because they have been there less than a week - which means they no nothing about the products.These old-fashioned stores with no service, poorly trained sales people will hopefully fade into history.   If you want a regular brand appliance, Sears and Best Buy are still better, and if you are looking for high-end appliances there are several quality dealers here in Scottsdale Airpark.
1	I purchased a complete set of appliances for two houses that I was renovating. I would encourage potential customers to do their homework prior to working with their commission oriented sales staff.  The sales team is very nice but note that they are always trying to up sell you.  Further note that Spencer's has many charges that get tacked onto your appliance purchase.  If they deliver an appliance that is not working properly they try to make you keep the appliance and have it repaired under the warranty.  If you are successful in returning an item they will not automatically credit your bank card.  You need to ask for the credit.  Most of the Spencer's issues revolve around their commission sales structure.  Unfortunately the head office does not intervene or have procedures in place for protecting their customers.The value proposition is just as good at many competing stores that value their long term reputation with its customers.  Therefore, I would recommend avoiding Spencer's unless their deal is too good to pass up and you are an educated consumer.
5	I purchased all new kitchen appliances(Wolf double ovens, wolf architect series exhaust fan, wolf cook top, Bosch dishwasher) as well as a washer/dryer combo from Spencer's.  The Sales person who helped with everything was Troy Treverro.  He is by far the best resource, understands the construction remodel process & is extremely  professional.  I would recommend Troy for all household appliances; He's the BEST~~!!!
1	We have purchased most of our appliances from Spencer's over the last 20 some years without complaint but recently things have changed.We bought a high end double Viking oven that in a period of a few years with modest usage, the enamel interior deteriorated to the extent that it needs to be replaced. Viking is being difficult saying that they will provide the part but not the labor, estimated to be about $900.I called the sales guy and asked him to use the power of Spencer's to get Viking to eat the labor as well inasmuch that there are only two of us and the unit's failure was not from usage but a mfg defect.  He agreed, but then stated that he or Spencer's would not be able to assist as Viking has sold and they do not have any influence.  I asked him to at least try and I was told we are on our own.  So we have a store that advertises their helpfulness, etc, telling a long time customer that we are on our own in dealing w the problems of a product they sold, and refusing to help in any manner.  We will never again patronize them.
