4	We have been to Way 5 times now.  3 times we have done the Teppanyaki and 2 times we just went for sushi.  The food is good, and they have amazing happy hour and lunch specials for sushi and drinks. When we have done the teppanyaki, the service can be a little slow.  Each time we spent around 2 hours there.  The normal tables have pretty good service, nothing to complain on there.  Overall this place has great happy hour/lunch specials and pretty good food.  I will definitely be a repeat customer when looking for a close teppanyaki or sushi place.
1	My friends and I wanted to try this place since we pass by it so often.  One Friday, we decided to try it out for dinner.  When we arrived we were told there was a 30 min wait.  As we waited, we noticed that all the tables that would normally seat 4-6 people, only had 2 people seated.  There were 2 tables available that could seat 2 (we were a party of 4).  Our wait took longer than 30 minutes, so we decided to sit for Teppanyaki.  This took an additional 30 minutes and when we asked the hostess when it would be our table's turn for the Chef, she said it would be another 50 minutes.  (There were 6 Teppan tables and 2 chefs on a Friday night!)Needless to say, we left and ate at the Chinese restaurant across the way.  I don't know if their service this particularly night was out of the norm, but I would prepare would a long wait if you decide to eat here.
4	I've eaten here 3 times and the quality of the sushi is good.   Nothing too innovative or out of the ordinary but hell when your on Gilbert, AZ your just hoping to find fresh fish and Way Sushi delivers.   We've had a party of 9 here and have had no issues with the service. I have never done the Teppan grill as I'm not a fan of the concept, so this review should apply to sushi only.
2	Shame on me for not checking out the reviews first.  I was in the area running errands and hadn't had anything to eat all day so I thought I'd check out Way for lunch.I was the ONLY one in the restaurant.  The owner/chef/whoever was clearly very busy doing something at the host stand as he was too busy to really acknowledge me coming in.  I asked for the restroom, and even when I came back he barely looked at me. I should have taken this as my hint that perhaps this was just meant to be a bathroom pit stop, but I persisted and asked if I could sit at the sushi bar.  He obliged.I sat at the sushi bar for a few minutes before he came over and gave me the sushi menu and took my drink order.  I ordered 2 rolls: Fire Roll ($6.95) and the Y-R Roll ($12.95 and very over-priced).  Both spicy rolls, and both decent but not earth-shattering.I have to give the guy credit for being very attentive after that and bringing me more Diet Coke as soon as I finished the first glass, and he asked me no less than 72 times if the food was good and if I needed anything.  I can't say that I'll be back since I would much rather go to Blue Wasabi down the street at San Tan, but it's not bad if you're in the shopping complex and have a major sushi craving.  :)
1	not normally in this area but was looking for some teppanyaki.all the reviews here talked about the service, not the food. so i thought i would check it out anyways.literally the worst teppan restaurant i have been to.first impressions . . . the table was all sticky and the corner was taped together but the tape came unstuck so this piece of table was just hanging off. the shrimp appetizers were overcooked and chewy. there were a couple filets and strip steaks ordered. i ordered the filet and when he served me, he gave me the skinny little steak that i thought was the strip while cooking. after comparison taste testing, the filets were the thin little steaks (maybe 3 oz.?) and the strips were the nice looking ones.also, biggest complaint of the meal . . . the fried rice. the chef didnt start cooking it until after we were almost done eating the rest of the meal (meat and veggies). i like to eat rice WITH the meal, not get a pile of it at the end. there were hardly any veggies in the rice, and no chicken, just eggs. also, most of the rice was still crunchy and not fully cooked.the mustard sauce (and i guess ginger too) is one of the best parts of the meal. their sauces just plain lacked flavor.i did like the scallops though. but they were kinda cold by the time i even got veggies to eat with them (not to mention no rice!)
5	So everyone - I am upgrading my review of this place to 5 STARS...wish I could give it more.I go there about twice a month.   The food is good the service is good - neither are the best I've ever had, but there is something very special about this place.  Everyone that works there is fun & friendly.  They are GREAT with kids and will do pretty much anything you ask.  This is why we keep going back AND tonight was our best experience yet....My 7-year old loves sushi and always asks to go to "Way" for the reasons mentioned above.  We sit in the same seats at the bar EVERY time.  Tonight, he said that he wants to be a sushi chef when he grows up.  He mentioned this to Peter (who I've never met before at this restaurant).  He went out of his way to give my son special tips on how to make sushi.   Thank you Peter!  We had so much fun and the food was great!  We will keep coming back :)
2	The Teppanyaki grill is the only good part it taste much better than others but the service is bad and I once found what looked like plastic shards maybe fish bones in my sushi rolls yuk
4	Freshest fish in the east valley!
4	Went back here with the hubby one night.  Service was AMAZING and the food was great too.  Although we spent more than we wanted to (some of their rolls are just too pricey), I will be back here.
5	Everyone is complaining about service. I disagree, for a small restaurant in Gilbert...what do you want? We've all become spoiled with service and we think we deserve people to wait on us hand and foot. C'mon...give me a break. Way Sushi is the best sushi you'll find in the East Valley. No question the fish is the freshest I've ever tasted around here. Way makes Blue Wasabi and Kona look like the WalMart snack bar. Do yourselves a favor and give it a try and don't put the place down because your server didn't pamper you and run around to get you what you wanted immediately. It's great sushi, great people, fun and in Gilbert!
3	I have been here multiple times, and the sushi seems to be the best thing to get here. This time i opted for Teppanyaki. We ordered the chicken and shrimp, and the filet mignon. The presentation of the teppanyaki chef was very good in the ancient ways of of the teppan chef...The food was average after preparation. I would have liked the chef to season the chicken better instead of smother it in teriyaki sauce. The shrimp was not bad at all. The filet mignon left a bit to be desired. The cut was not as big as I would have expected, the meat was not as tender as a filet cut should be, and there were some pieces I didn't eat because there was fat on them. The vegetables, rice and meat all sorta blended together and tasted the same. The overall amount was also not as much as I would expect for $20 worth of teppanyaki. Still, the food was good, just not great. Also the bathroom needed some cleaning and the urinal needed a toilet doctor to get that bastard flushing again. The staff was very nice and accommodating. Next time i will stick with the sushi. I would have been infinitely more satisfied spending $60 on some tasty soosh mcgoosh.
4	I have been to this restaurant a couple of times on family occasions but my most recent was by far the best Sushi/Teppanyaki experience I have ever had. I personally have never enjoyed sushi or teriyaki chicken. It never dawned on me until now that It was so good. I was so scared to try it because it was fish, which happened to be one of my pets as a young child. But now as a Senior in high school I decided to step up to the plate like a big boy. As I headed over to the diner I imagined throwing up just by smelling it. It was not like that at all. I walked in, sat down, and ordered what I thought I could handle. Ordering 12 california spicy shrimp rolls was the best decision I have ever made in my life. I was shocked to noticed that it wasn't to pricey for a dozen rolls of sushi. When the plate was brought out I was stunned by such art. The dish was organized with the sauces on one side and shrimp tails hanging out of the rolls. I was nervous for the first bite but man did I fall in love. That had to be easily one of the best food moments of my life. The soft rice covered outside melted into my mouth bite after bite. I've never finished a meal so fast in my life. Overall the service was great. My experience here at Way Sushi and Teppanyaki was great and there will be more stops here in the future.
4	Nice happy hour just wish the selection was a bit larger. Food quality is excellent - the rolls are good sized and very tasty.I've never had a problem with the service as a few others have stated. Though, it is never busy one the weekday evenings when I have been there.
4	The service was fast enough and friendly.  Chef's presentation was entertaining, the kids loved it.  The sushi was fine, although I'm not an expert.  Teppanyaki was awesome- shared chicken, steak and shrimp.  All equally good.  Fun place, reasonably priced for teppan.
4	We've eaten here a bunch of times now and the food is always good.  The rolls are decently sized and creative. Good value for money. Its the only place we frequent that actually remembers what I usually drink. Granted we're always there on weeknights when its hardly ever really busy but we never had to wait long for our rolls and the service usually is excelllent so I dont know if there has been a change of staff or its just crazy busy during the weekends and that affects service but I dont recognize the issues others have mentioned.One downside though is that you explicitly have to ask for the happy hour menu. It would be nice if they would just give it to you during happy hour.
5	I've tried sushi from all over Arizona and this is my favorite place. Most places either teppanyaki or sushi are good but everything here is perfection. The staff is welcoming and helpful in recommendations. I found my favorite roll is the Jamie roll extra spicy and tonight I'm trying the house roll extra spicy. We came here for my birthday to experience the teppanyaki since we have come so many times for sushi and I love the people here. Joe is who I would recommend for this but I am seeing everyone is good. Joe is very entertaining and my daughter loves him and his antics. This place doesn't have a bad thing about it. We come at least once a week.
1	Teppan was just okay...had to wait awhile for Teppan chef to come...miso soup was nasty and dressing for salad which I normally love was just okay...sushi order got mixed up and almost got someone else's sushi...
4	Love the rolls. Have to try the tepan soon.
2	Sushi was good but they forgot about the Chicken Katsu that I ordered. I can't remember the last time I left a restraurant hungry.
2	I checked out this place with an Eversave deal. I ordered the teriyaki chicken lunch special. It tasted alright, but I left hungry and ended up getting a salad at McDonald's after I left. There was maybe 3 oz. of chicken on the plate, but I really think it was closer to 2 oz. The rice serving was about 1/2 cup. For around $8 I expected more. I'm glad I didn't pay full price.
1	We had dinner here tonight with visiting family. Needless to say, I was embarrassed. We started with sushi which our order was messed up. We ordered some rolls and one of them was a salmon skin roll. Well, we were served a spicy salmon roll. We pointed it out to our server and asked her if we could please have the salmon skin roll. She proceeded to look through the white wipe off sushi menus, spoke to the sushi chef, and came back to us and asked if we wanted the chef to make us a salmon skin roll or if we would eat the spicy salmon roll. We just said we would eat the roll that was in front of us. If they had proper customer service, they would have made the salmon skin roll and brought it out regardless. The ginger was a very small amount and rather soggy. For having eaten at many authentic Japanese restaurants across the country and around the world, I suggest you go down the street to Kona Grill for sushi. The prices for the "special rolls" are a lot cheaper and they are a lot better quality wise too. That could be because it is a chain and they have standard and quality control to live up to as well as good customer service...this is just compared to the location from one to another. Less than one mile, I'd drive to Kona and pass this by and not waste your time and money.Our entrees arrived and all of them were salty. Even my fried rice was salty. If this chef were to go and work at an old folk's home, they would be out of business within a week. All of their clients would probably kick off because of the high sodium! When it came time to pay, the bill arrived in a black padded pouch with American Express embossed on the outside. Well, don't bother trying to pay with American Express because they don't take it! Oh yes, they did charge us for the spicy salmon roll. It wasn't worth bringing up again. She didn't seem to care in the first place. We just aren't going back.
3	Love Teppanyaki so I really wanted to love this place but it always seems to be a less than mediocre experience. Expect to wait a long time to see the Chef. Do Not order sushi, it is more headache than i is worth.
5	I have always enjoyed my experience at Way Sushi & Teppanyaki.  Tasty food, friendly staff & clean what more can you ask for.
5	Great place for sushi.  Staff are always welcoming.  To be remembered and greeted like it after only 1 visit was a big plus for me.  Best no-nonsense sushi in Gilbert.
5	Great food and always friendly service.
2	Came in to order take out. She said sure & walked away. Took forever to get my order & they weren't busy.  But another customer had gone up to the sushi bar to say they were missing 4 orders of sushi so maybe they got mine?  Then I get home and discover I have vegetable instead of shrimp tempura. Rolls were small and mostly filling, hardly any fish.
1	Food and service were good but apparently they didn't want to pay the rent. Place is closed, locked up with a sign saying the lien holder has taken over. Guess I have to find a new sushi place now. Damnit.
4	I hope it's not true that they are closed. We loved this place.
1	Everything I ordered from here was way too salty! I left the restaurant dehydrated and I found myself drinking loads and loads of water....Their miso soup was terrible...I felt like someone just added 5 cups of salt into that soup.Their sea weed salad was not even fresh...apparently it's been in the freezer and they didn't defrost it all the way so I could feel the little ice chunks and frozen bits of seaweed as I was chewing...just horrible! Ugh...
1	We ate here and all 5 of us will never return!! Warm sushi not fresh, cold food and small expensive portions.
