4	Good subs made with fresh sliced-to-order meats and cheeses. This location in Stonecrest is the first of theirs I've visited and I was immediately impressed. The service is quick and friendly, the bread is fresh (typical white or wheat sub rolls, or they also do wraps) and their "Mike's Way" preparation with onion, lettuce, tomato, dressing and spices is delicious. The sandwiches come in 3 sizes to fit all appetites. I think they also do a deal on Tuesdays where you can get a regular size sub, chips and a drink for $5. I've yet to take advantage (we typically go on the weekends when we visit Stonecrest to take in a movie), but sounds like a great deal.
4	Jersey Mikes is one of my favorite sub spots along with Jimmy Johns. They're friendly, all the sandwiches are fresh cut in front of you (meat & cheese)...loads of topping options, and decently priced. Lucky for me, I have one close to my work. They even have a coupon text program that they send out weekly! They'll do catering for you too!
4	Great cold subs, but I will take Penn station over this any day!
4	Great subs! I've been going here for years... they cut the meat right in front of you, give you generouis amounts, bread is fresh, and staff is always pretty friendly. It is MUCH better than any subway or quizno's I've been to. Get your subs fully loaded, it is DELICIOUS.
4	Im a believer, no offering required. I had Jersey Mike's  Original Italian. Great flavor good size. I have not tried any hot subs yet but my guess is cold subs is their specialty. If you eat a giant sub be prepared to dvr all the sports games and reality shows you lie about not watching.
5	Great on any side of the state line.  Real Jersey subs...dripping with Italian dressing, quality cold cuts stacked on fresh wheat of white breads that are soft, warm and like a sweet hug.Giant size is truly too much for one person, so bring a friend or order the regular.Hot sandwiches include a very excellent Philly Cheese steak and the kahuna includes extra cheese and jalapenos.  Oh boy!Treat yourself.  Excellent lunch or dinner and kids will love you for feeding them from Jersey Mike's.
3	My dad and I went here yesterday, as we heard a lot of Jersey Mikes are very good. The decor is fine, although it is hard to see the menu unless you're almost first in line. I got a tuna on wheat with cheese and lettuce, which was surprisingly tasty. It came with chips (I got SunChips Garden Salsa), a drink, and a cookie if you donated $0.50 to charity. That was a very nice touch, and several people did donate. The cookie was decent, it was a David's cookie. Location is very good (Stonecrest), and service was personal and done with a smile. I would come back again.
3	I'm going to keep this simple.  This place has very good sandwiches.  The people that work there are morons.I had the chipotle cheesesteak, and my girlfriend had a cold sub (can't remember which).  They were both very good, but she had to tell the dummy making her sandwich several times which toppings she wanted, then we spent 5 minutes watching her try to cut a piece of sandwich paper in half with the BREAD KNIFE (yes, the one they use to cut your bread before making your sandwich), as the sandwich was a mini.  FInally, my girlfriend suggested that the chick just use the entire freakin' piece of paper, as we were growing old waiting for her.While we waited for my sub, they made several peoples' subs, who then passed us in line.  I'm not sure what the deal is there.  They make the hot subs in back, so I guess they made it fresh.  The chipotle cheesesteak tasted great, so I have no complaints.
4	One word for this place... YUM!Walked in and was excited to see the fresh meats and cheese being cut for sandwiches. There were plenty of fresh ingredients to chose from and the employees behind the counter were so helpful! I opted or a hot sub...the #17 Philly! I chose steak and go make sure I could really taste the flavors I kept it simple no peppers or onions but they are optional for your sandwich and only lettuce on my sub. I had to wait for it to be made FRESH in the back! I grabbed a soda and me chips and it was ready, honestly I could wait to try it! And... it was as good if not better than I expected! There was plenty of meat, full of flavor and seasoning! The roll it was served on was fresh baked that day. Every bite was simply delicious! I enjoyed the entire experience at Jersey Mike's and look forward to going back to try another sandwich!
4	Yelp to the hunger rescue!  I was at target last night, and wanted to grab something for dinner.  I didn't want it to take long, and I really wanted to get home.  So is searched yelp, and Jersey Mike's popped up!  I always forget about this place because it's around the corner from everything else.  This was my first time here.  The staff was really friendly and nice.  I walked up to the counter and the roast beef sandwich caught my eye.  I asked the kid behind the counter if it was really "the best there is" (as advertised) and he showed me the chunk of meat that he'd be slicing from (perfectly cooked) and said "yeah, it's pretty good."  So I went with the roast beef and was taking pictures for my yelp post.  The cashier asked if I took a picture of the menu, and I said yes - he then posed for his own picture!  Haha.  The prices are more expensive than subway, and there are less topping choices.  But they have very friendly, quick service.  The roast beef was very good too - not the "best there is" but I'll be back for it again.  Chips and drink are included in the meal.
1	The worst sub I ever had! The tuna was bad and the cold cuts are inferior! I was sick for 2 days!!! The board of health should check this place out!!!
3	Jersey Mike's has one big advantage over the other sub shops - their bread smells amazing. Beyond the bread smell, the sandwich is a pretty reasonable offering, but it is definitely the bread that makes the place.Unfortunately the staff isn't particularly great, and there isn't much else to say about the place - but luckily you can just walk in that place and the smell the bread, without having to buy anything or even deal with the staff at all, and that's a big win.
4	Jersey Mikes are the best subs. No precut mushed meat here. Freshly sliced on great bread. This place is small but quick. The Go Ballantyne card gets you free chips and a drink. Plus you can still get shore points rewards.
1	Slow service and was not busy.  More expensive than Firehouse and not better tasting.   $6.45 for a 7 inch turkey sub.  $11.95 for 14 inch.  That is before a drink or chips.  Why go?
5	If I had all of the sub chains lined up, I would pick Jersey Mike's. Why? Because none of the others have better tasting bread or higher quality meats. I only need one sandwich from here to be happy: the Italian on wheat, "Mike's Way". Boom. That's it. It was founded by an Italian, so obviously that sandwich is great. I have not had a better Italian than the one here (it must be dressed Mikes Way though!).I give this 5 stars with no hesitation.
