2	New here, many years in Minnesota.Has a few tables but I think they are working more to the take out.A clean unassuming place with neutral colors.A somewhat limited menu. No lunch specials.I understand the need for pricing, but with that I feel too high is the current prices.One orange chicken, one chow fun and one pot sticker of the crispy kind.I believe the pot stickers were deep fired. They were decent in flavour.Chow fun was plentiful, but lacking in nuance, or in other words bland. The noodles seemed more like a basic wide egg noodle to me. I brought it home to spiff it up. The orange chicken was too plentiful and was spicy with a definite orange flavour with white rice. These items were served as is, no ad on such as one would get with most lunch specials.The young lady who took the order and brought it to us was very enthusiastic and cheerful while answering all of our questions.I really do not know if I will be back simply because I have had better food at a lesser price.  I hope you and others try it and find it to your liking because I want everyone to succeed
5	Quick, fresh delicious Chinese food cooked to order.  Tang's is a family owned restaurant that does it right.   I've tried several of their dishes and each one came out absolutely delicious.It's not like Panda Express where the food could be sitting out for hours and it's not your dirty cheap Chinese places where you wonder if the cook washes his hands and the bathrooms are nasty.  Call ahead for take out.   I'll definitely be back when I'm in this area.
4	I found out about tangs by just driving by.  I checked the other reviews on yelp and figured we would give it a try.  I called the order in for "Wok Out", the person on the phone was very pleasant.  The portions were a nice size.  I like the option of having white or brown rice as well as fried rice for a 1$ more.  I ordered the General Tso's Chicken and my wife ordered the Sweet and Sour chicken.  The General Tso's was not as spicy as I would have liked but it was delicious. The sweet and sour was good as well.  We were both surprised at the amount of Pineapple as most restaurants only give you 1 or 2 pieces.   I also ordered fried rice and I have to say it was some of the best fried rice i have had.  It was not greasy at all like other places.  We also ordered a cup of the Egg Drop soup.  It was full of egg which is a surprise compared to other restaurants I have gone to.  Overall we were very pleased with our food and will be returning to Tangs!
4	I was in the area today for a meeting, and when lunch time came upon us, we found Tang's and decided to give it a try.  I was expecting a typical greasy, Chinese experience, but what I got was so much better.Tang's is much like a Pei Wei, you choose the dish that you want, the type of protein, the type of rice and it is all done at the counter.The inside is sleek and very clean, and they have one TV hanging on the wall that was tuned into Sportscenter (bonus points there).  Our food was out in a flash, and it looked divine.My dining companion got the Chinese Chicken salad and said it was the best one she had every had.  They used a combination of different leafy lettuces, including spinach, so it felt very hearty.  It was  lightly dressed with an Asian vinaigrette and some fried won ton chips.I opted for the orange chicken with brown rice, and I was happy to find that they don't up-charge you for brown rice like many places do.  My dish had chicken, carrots and snow peas all in a sweet & spicy orange sauce, it was excellent.  The best part was that instead of giant chunks of chicken, the chicken was cut into thin slices, making it easier to eat.  The brown rice was cooked perfectly, and was very fluffy.We both commented as to how much we really liked Tang's, and if I am in the area around a mealtime again, I would surely go back.As for the complaints about pricing I have seen on here, the prices are no different than Pei Wei and maybe even a bit less. (P.S. Pei Wei doesn't have "lunch specials" either)  The portions were quite large, neither of us could even finish, and the quality made it worth it.  My meal was only $8.01 including tax, and I am going to get a second meal out of it!
1	Patti's not a happy girl.  Knew they were making changes to menu but gee whiz, didn't think the changes would be as plentiful as they wound up being.  There was a salad on the original menu, had mixed greens, chicken, mandarin orange, tomato, yellow bell pepper, sesame and an awesome dressing.  Loved this salad.  IT'S GONE!!!!!!!  Edamame, GONE!!!!  Didn't look any further, because that is what I wanted and couldn't have so I left.  Out of the dishes that I've tried here, these were my favs.The very friendly couple who ran the place, also gone!  Not happy about that either.  They had great personality and made sure that you had whatever you needed.  No more Tang's for me.
5	Patti, I give you one star for your whiney review that was not helpful at all to anyone looking for a place to eat. Sorry you lost your favorite salad but that doesn't give you the right to rate them a 1. In your own words, you never even tried the food of the new ownership, thus your review is a merely a rant and not to be taken seriously. Anyway, don't let that lady dissuade you from checking this place out. I'm a big fan of chicken curry and I've tried it at at least 10-15 places. This one is my favorite. I'm not sure what I love about it, the right amount of curry and spices, right choice of veggies(minus the mushrooms, thanks for listing the ingredients in the menu so I could delete those...saves me picking them out!) It's simple yet tasty. They deserve a 5 star due to the fact that I've tried so many other places and none have compared. Keep in mind I haven't tried anything else on the menu, sorry I can't review those. The crab puffs are also great. Big chunks of chives, which I like. There's a place on Estrella with better crab puffs, but Tang's has the best curry chicken in my opinion.
5	Great lunch specials. Food is always good and fresh. Service is good and servers are very nice. Highly recommend for casual dining...
4	Clean and service is great, and I went at 7:30 and it was empty ,and for me that is a plus.I got the combination chicken beef and shrimp pad tie and my girl got combination fried rice and they were quick and both tasted great ,defiantly coming back!!
4	It's Chinese meets Bistor........ with take out!  Tangs keeps it simple, and manages to provide  HIGH quality take-out. I'm not kidding here fresh veggies, large shrimp. I mean even the Lo-Mein had freshly chopped scallions..... You can also stop by and eat @ Tangs. Their place VERy small, but quite welcoming and fresh. All said , if you're in the area of GoodYear, and need a nice lunch or dinner take-out........ Call them!
1	big shocker, NOT!
