5	It was my first time in Vegas and I wasn't sure what places to hit up.  My friends and I decided to try this party bus out and it was FANTASTIC!  We hit up all the hot spots and got to skip the lines!  The bus was so much fun - lots of music, dancing, and drinking!  An amazing night!  The guy in charge (Mike) was a sweetheart and let us decide how long we wanted to stay on the bus.  Will definitely be doing this again my next trip out!
5	There are a few times in life you might end up in Las Vegas. Turnt Up Tours was professional, friendly and hospitable. Highly recommend taking a ride if you want the full vegas experience. It's a constant party.
5	If you're not a Vegas regular I feel like the club scene can get overwhelming. Turnt Up Tours and the whole club tour/bus concept makes things so much easier. Getting ushered to the front of the club lines alone made it worthwhile. The party bus made it downright badass. The hosts were great; they made sure the ride between clubs was a blast and kept the drinks flowing. I highly recommend it!
5	I live in Las Vegas and have been to every single night club this city has to offer. That being said, I went on Turnt Up Tours last weekend and it was fantastic. The bus is clean, and the atmosphere is phenomenal. If you are looking for the Night Tour/Nightclub scene Turnt Up Tours is the way to go. You get unlimited booze basically and entry to 3 clubs and 1 lounge. They have the most professional hosts (Dave and Mike were my hosts)  who will take care of everything for you. All you need to do is hop on and enjoy the ride! I highly recommend this to anyone visiting Las Vegas and locals who are looking for a great night out.
5	What an amazing thing to do, me and my girlfriends went for a bachelorette party and had the time of our lives. The service was impeccable, the hosts were great, and the experience was amazing! We got free drinks all might, got walked right in to 3 nightclubs with no line "even though there was long lines for general admission" and the best part was the party bus! There were stripper poles, neon lights, it was basically a night club on wheels! I recommend this to everyone
5	After reading the reviews my girlfriends and I decided to try this out, all I can say is WOW! What an amazing time, free drinks, free cover, a cool party bus and great service. We used promo code "yelp" and got a great price. I recommend this to everyone. Ty turnt up torus for taking care of us
5	My girlfriends and I had a great time on our Turnt Up Tour! The whole night was very organized and enjoyable. We were able to get into each venue quickly and easily, without having to wait in any long lines. Our hosts, Ann and Dave, were awesome! Ann was full of energy, and really enhanced our overall experience. I look forward to booking with them again on my next trip to Vegas!
5	We had an awesome night! We had asked a couple other tours to accommodate our drink requests and they declined. Turnt up totally delivered with everything we asked! The venues and drinks were awesome! I definitely recommend this tour to anyone looking for a unique Vegas experience!
5	Loved every minute. They were able to accommodate my special requests unlike all the other businesses. Had the time of my life. Thank you turnt up tours
5	Best way to experience the Vegas clubs, what more could you ask for...free, drinks, transportation, and a hottie host woop! I'm gonna do this again soon! Thanks for an awesome time guys!
5	Labor Day weekend tour with this group was solid. The combinations of clubs included a little bit of everything, lounge atmosphere, intensely crowded club and a gorgeous rooftop experience. I'm not a Vegas regular by any means but I've been to the most popular clubs and these weren't even on my radar. The mix drinks on the party bus in between clubs was the cherry on top. Everyone loves free drinks. Shout out to Marissa, our tour guide, who was the best hostess you could want. Thanks Turnt Up!
5	Marissa, our party host, was the best!  So down to earth.  My padres had done the club thing on our own the night prior and shelled out more money for two clubs then the price for 4 with the bus.  Actually, we had more fun on the bus then the clubs.  It was nice to be able to hit different spots without walking or hailing a cab and wasting time just trying to get out of the hotel loading area.  Our group rocked.  Met some cool people and we just let it all hang out.  Give these folks a try next time you're in Vegas and ask for Marissa.  Luv ya, gal!
4	Thank you Shelbi for being an excellent host.This Vegas club crawl lives up to its name! From what I can remember it was super fun...no hassle straight up and turnt up. The meeting place was cool...then we mingled some more at the foundation room. Then we left to get on the bus...it was so epic. I had a memorable night.The pros: being on the crawl helps you pace yourself and drinks on the bus.  Diverse crowd of very good looking people. Fun people...no judging cuz everyone paid the same to have a good time  The cons: keeping up with it group.  Almost got left a few times.  If you want a fun nite, no line hassle, transportation to a different venues...this is the club crawl for you.
5	I went on the tour on 9/12. I bought a groupon and it was WELL worth the money. Marissa was our host, she was awesome. We started the tour out at Drais. It was a really nice club but I wasn't to much in to the music I was worried but that all went away when we got on the bus and the drinks started flowing. Since the commutes to each club were short you didn't have much time to drink. Chateau was the second club and The banks was the third. I had a blast and would do it all over again. It was well worth the money. Doing a pub crawl is one of the best ways to do Vegas because you get to go to a few clubs in 1 night. So look no further because Turnt Up Tours was definitely TURNT UP! Oh and make sure that you tip your hostess!
5	Ok, I was skeptical about these Tours since I've never been on one.   So I researched a bunch of them before making a decision.  I eventually decided to go with Turnt Up Tours for one particular reason.  Their angle that separates them from other Tours in Vegas is that they make a strong effort to make the bus ride just as fun as the clubs you visit. My wife and I did the tour on Friday, 9/12, with Marissa as our host.   Let's just say, we can't wait to come back and do it again, and our host Marissa was awesome! It was cool because as the night went on and the drinks poured with each bus ride,  EVERYONE on the bus got  more loose, and comfortable!  I remember after leaving one club we made our way back on to the bus with  "All I Do is Win" blasting out the bus speakers....let's just say, we ALL thought we were T-Pain for a minute, singing in unison!  Imagine all of us on the bus, feeling NICE, and yelling......."Everybody's hands go up!......And they stay there, and the stay there!" Hahaha, yeah man, good times for sure!Met some cool party people on the bus which definitely added to the fun.  There were folks from Oakland CA, Southern CA, Virginia, Maryland, and even Ohio was reppin too!There is no way I could ever do any Vegas clubs again without going with Turnt Up Tours.  EASILY worth the money. 3 clubs in on night,  NO WAITING in line, FREE drinks on the bus...and did I mention FREE drinks on the bus? Awesome job Turnt Up Tours! You're definitely doin it right.  ;)
5	Thank you LOLO for hosting our tour on 10/10/14 (Orange Group).  We had a bachelorette group from SO CAL, some folks representin the bay area, couples celebrating birthdays and my group just looking for something different in LV.  Body English was definitely my favorite part of the club hopping madness but I must say we all had a blast on the bus itself.  Was it our gorgeous host? All the ladies that worked the dance pole on the bus?  The generously poured cranberry + vodka (free!)?  The vibe of our collective entourage? All of the above, turnt up!
5	I'm Screaming....TURN DOWN FOR WHAT!!! Me and my Bestie's did the Party Bus on Friday 10/10 for my Birthday..and we had more fun on the bus than in the clubs!!! If it were up to me we would have stayed on the bus and partied all Night!!  It was nice and clean and LoLo our Hostess did her thang kept us Vodka and Cranberry...I was definitely feeling myself!!!!!!!!! When we first got on the bus 'Turn Down For What" was knocking and I Turnt All The Way Up Instantly...and hopped on the pole...We had a Great crowd there were 3 of us that shared the same Birthday and we all had a BLAST!! It was fun to meet so many people from different places!!  At each club we stopped at everyone made sure that everyone got back on the Bus... Nobody Left Behind!!  LoLo made sure of that!!  It was well worth the money and when I go back I will definitely be on this Party Bus... Thank you for such a great time "Turnt Up"....
4	Our host Michelle was awesome!! Only complaints are the short bus rides and the very weak premade drinks. Otherwise awesomeeee time
2	The host that we had was awful Dave to be exact. ...no energy, enthusiasm, or spunk....it seemed as if we were aggravating him...The liquor was horrible. ....very watered down...We  also was told the waistband give you drinking special ...not true..club and bus was nice that's about it...I really had high hopes about this tour, but was left unhappy
4	My husband and I turned to Turnt Up Tours to enjoy the clubs in Vegas and we were not disappointed. For $45 (used promo code) that got us entry into 3 clubs and unlimited drinks on the bus. There is a reason this is the #1 club crawl in Vegas, after only being open since JULY. The hosts are super nice, and willing to help with any of your needs. Most importantly the hosts, Lola was ours, insured we all had a great time. The only downfall is that because they're such a "young" company the clubs they visit are generally always the same but I'm sure that will change as they grow. Me and my husband look forward to using them when we go back to Vegas, and bringing friends along.The only reason I'm giving them 4 stars is because since all the clubs were close to each other the bus rides were short
5	First time using a tour in Vegas and I'm so glad I picked this one! Since it was just my husband and I this weekend, we hoped to make some new friends and have a good time with others and we sure did!Got a Groupon for about $30 EACH! That's 3 clubs, drink specials, transportation, and free unlimited drinks on the bus! STEAL! Our host, Michelle, was amazing, energetic, and made sure we were all taken care of the whole night!Started off at Interlude with some remixed throwbacks (loved this warmup), walked into Drais (no waiting in line, great drinks, high energy, top 40 mixes, FAVORITE part of the night), jumped on the bus where the drinks started coming, stopped at Body English (no line again, great hip hop mixes), final bus ride to Chateau (decent music, younger crowd, amazing views!)We only got about an hour at each club, leaving enough time to grab a drink and dance without getting bored or tired. It seemed like we were arriving at times when the clubs were getting a little empty, however there were so many of us that we would fill the place right back up. Plus everyone was looking to have a good time, making it all the more fun! All in all, each club was amazing and not too packed to where we couldn't dance or get a drink. The bus was fun and the cocktails were tasty for being FREE. Host was sexy and sweet. Definitely recommend and hope to see this company grow more popular! Will definitely be back with a group on our next Vegas trip!
1	PLEASE READ!!!! Everything they say on the website and email confirmation is a lie. The best part of the night was the discount drinks at the check in lounge and the 5 min you're on the bus. They dont take you to the clubs they post and the leave you at the last club with not transportation. It is a good deal to get in to the clubs but the clubs they take you to are the slow/dead clubs. The host was great until you confronted her with the false advertisement and then she ran away. My recommendation, pre game with the cheap drinks from the strip shops and find a club you really want to go to and just pay the cover for one night of fun. Good luck and cheers.
1	This tour company is a joke. The owner was less than pleasant when checking you in, the itinerary they give you to buy is different then the one you get in your confirmation email, which is different from the one they give you when you check in, which is different from the ones they actually take you to. They take you to the unpopular dated clubs. They say you will get discount drinks, nope you pay $14 for skyy. The all you can drink on the bus is 2 drinks total. Are you ready for the icing on the cake? It says they bring you back to the starting point, nope they let you off the bus at the last stop and tell you you're on your own. When asking the host about it they disappear to find out an answer and never come back. Don't waste your money. Pick a club you really want to see, pay to get in and enjoy your night.
5	Booked a tour through livingsocial for my birthday weekend and it was sooo worth it! Such a deal, no waiting in club lines, free drinks on the bus, our host was Lolo and she was the dopest host ever! She was sooo fun and made sure everyone was having a good time on and off the bus! Lolo kept the drinks flowing, always super nice and fun like she was our girlfriend more than just a host. She was sure to let everyone know the exact times we were leaving for the next club, so no one was left behind. I went on a different party bus tour before and Turnt Up Tours is definitely the best one! Wish there was more for club selections but I almost think it was more fun on the bus than at some of the locations we went to! Definitely booking in the future! Thanks Lolo for taking care of me and my friends and making my bday weekend one for the books! Can't wait to see the pictures that we took on the Turnt Up website!!!
5	Made for the best trip to Vegas I've ever had! Mad kudos to our hostess Lolo!! She was gorgeous with her little black dress and her attitude was rockin. It was my best friends bday and lemme tell you we rocked that shiz out. We went on the tour that started at Lily then went to Hyde in the Bellagio. Amazing bar overlooking the Bellagio Waterfountains. It was awesome watching the dancers then suddenly turning around and the torrents of lit waterfalls were going on behind us. We all met up at the designated time and made our way to the party bus where we had a blast. Poles to dance on and music playing loudly, we was drankin and dancin like some sort of music video. The people in cars beside us staring in with Vegas envy. Drais was probably the craziest bar I've been to in my life. The dance floor was awesome and the lights and music were intense. Definitely an epic stop for the night, from my $15 vodka soda and $10 bottle of Evian. Thank goodness for the drink package on the bus. Ghost Bar provided a great view of the strip but it was at Ghost Bar that I realized my keys fell off my carrier on the dance floor at Drais. I immediately told Lolo and she calmed me down instantly. She started texting security at Drais and the hunt for the keys started. I tried to stay positive with a few more drinks but they were my only way home so I was pretty stressed.Fortunately, thanks to Lolo, they were found again. I almost fainted where I stood when that security guard lifted them up and said, "Are these them?" Needless to say, my night turnt up at that moment and that's when my second wind came. The night didn't end there, but I'll save that story for another time. If you're gonna take anything away from this, Turntup party tours are a great way to get into some rockin clubs that make Vegas what it is. I thought I had fun last time but this is a sure fire way to get some stories you'll never forget. Cheers!
1	Buyer beware! This company needs a lot of work. Took us to Drais night club first, which was very nice but it was so early that no one was dancing. After an hour we went to Ghost bar which was absolutely dead! Hostess told us to meet downstairs at the elevator at 1:25.  My husband and I went down at 1:15 and waited. There was a group of friends who all knew each other on our tour. We saw them exit the building at 1:20 but didn't think to follow them since the hostess said to meet at 1:25.  We waited and never saw the hostess. We then called the number that they gave us but no one answered (they claim they are open til 2am). There was no concern about us and no one came to look for us. Very unprofessional! Hostesses were more interested in partying than taking care of their paying customers. Had to take a taxi back to the original meet up place at drais and ended the night early. I will NEVER use this company again! I've left a message with the company. Waiting for a returned call.
5	Turnt Up was a blast! Highlights: not having to wait in line to get inside the clubs which is awesome, and free drinks served on the party bus (which after a few someone is definitely likely to start dancing on the stripper pole!) The only thing I would suggest is to be time conscious. The itinerary is given to you at the beginning of the night, so make sure that you are back outside the club and meet up with your group at the appropriate time.
5	Pretty awesome experience.  Mike is a fun dude that has put together an experience in Vegas that you can't have without Turnt Up.  For the price you get every penny you pay.  Free drinks, awesome clubs, no cover or waiting.  Definately try this and I will be back!!
5	Great experience, cool staff and is a really  good deal. Just with the club entrance you get your money back.
