5	Interesting that both reviews so far are from non-residents, because this place is sort of hidden, but its a treasure. Its in the basement of a building and feels exactly like my grandmother's house - lace doilies and all. Only 1 waiter - an older gentleman (possibly the owner?) was very gracious and the whole experience was pleasant. The food was classic northern Italian. Huge portions of pasta. The red clam sauce was particularly good. BYOB!!
5	1 old italien man and a young woman hostess...  cool kitchy interior, great food and not too expensive. Best thing about it is the atmosphere, its warm and fun and feels like a big family get together with out all the horrors of actually being with your own family.Only thing to note is that becasue he is just one man the food can take a long time. Soonly  go if you are prepared to stay a while (which you should), don't go if you have an hour to eat before catching a film.
3	Atmosphere, don't get me wrong, was great.Decor was like being in someone's grandma's place.  Service was friendly but man oh man was it slow. The waiter was the only one serving, not only that but we are 99% sure he was the only one in the kitchen cooking. We came at 7 30, left at 9 15. That's a long time. He was honestly a very sweet man, and was very nice but I think we waited too long for the food. I ordered a clam linguini which was just ok, and my friend had  a veal which was overcooked, my boyfriend had a tomato/parmesan sauce linguini which was also just ok. I appreciated the homemade cooking and work put into it though. I think the only dish I liked was the soup the most (chicken broth, egg, and spinach) But wait for the food was way too long, and the prices were a bit high for the food. Don't think I'd come back, as much I loved how nice the waiter was and the decor.
4	I had the fixed price choice ($33) and chose the veal marsala.  It came wth soup, linguini in a clam sauce, salad and dessert (I had banana with ice cream and chocolate sauce.  It was excellent.)  The sauces were rich and had a strong, tasty flavor.  We met Chef Ennio as he was coming from the market with four bags of food and opening the.restaurant at 6:30PM.  He is the only cook, the kitchen is small and he had one waitress.  There are approximately twelve tables and it has an intimate, warm, old world charm to it.  A wine store is right next door by the way!
5	If you like to taste authentic Tuscan food right from the grandma's kitchen you must go there. Yes the service may not be fast because one person is doing everything from preparing the food to serving them, but what you will get is amazing from home made pasta to garden grown tomato salad and rabbit everything is great!Also If you are lucky you may get some recipe and useful cooking tip at the endl ;)
5	Absolutely a delight! Great food and cozy atmosphere. Ennio is a fantastic cook and host. We strongly recommend it, definitely a must go for authentic italian food.  It is "bring your own wine".
5	Chez Ennio has a wonderful atmosphere and delicious food! The Gnocci I had was better than most things I ate when visiting Italy.It is run by an adorable man and his wife, and both times I have been there Ennio is doing all the work himself! Taking orders, cooking, dishes.So if you are in a huge rush or probably isn't the place for you. But if you love authentic, home-cooked Italian food you will be very happy with Chez Ennio! :)
5	Really wonderful food in an intimate setting. We were so happy to find this gem near our hotel. We were his only customers as we were there quite early. He shared a glass of our wine with us, and we felt so special as he was so friendly and discussed the meal preparations with us.Great that you can take your own bottle of wine with no corkage fee. First time I had rabbit, it was incredible, but then the entire meal was. Very reasonably priced for authentic Italian meal.
4	This place was... Your grandmother's apartment - if your grandmother was starring in the next episode of Hoarding: Buried Alive. Knick knacks everywhere. E-V-E-R-Y-W-H-E-R-E. My boyfriend and I actually started to laugh when we came through the doors. I pretty much agree with what everyone else has been saying, which is to prepare to spend a couple hours there because there is one cook and one server. We had escargot, the Chez Ennio Pasta which was basically linguine alfredo with mushrooms and ham, and the veal parmesan. Everything tasted like it was made by your grandmother too. True home-cooked goodness. Our bill came to $57. Amazing. This place is BYOW which is a huge bonus too. We brought some champagne to have as an aperitif, but they didn't have champagne flutes which I thought was odd. The server said they didn't have the flutes because the place wasn't fancy. Love it. Go if you're not in a rush.
3	You can't help but really want to like this place once you find out it's run by Ennio, the owner and his wife - an old Italian couple. It really feels like you're dining in someone's home. It's located in a tiny basement, dated decorations - everything looks traditional and homey, as is the food.I noticed a few tourists dining here, could be because Hotel Du Fort is just next door.Little dolls, figurines, fake plants, clocks, plates and numerous knick knacks are covering the walls and any available space in this restaurant. Cute and charming, but unfortunately through the years it all gathered dust and I find it just looks cluttered. I ran my finger on the side of a wall panel and it was black with dust.We brought our own wine, we were served a jug of water and basket of bread to start. Lots of delicious butter, too bad the bread was dry.Soup of the day was like a stew with beef, pasta and beans. Waitress described it to everyone with caution "it has a bit of an after kick, it's spicy so watch out!". Although it was deliciously un-spicy, nicely seasoned, very hearty. It was my favorite dish of the evening. The house salad was pretty simple, lettuce, cucumber and tomatoes with a balsamic dressing.I had the fazzoletti pasta with meat, spinach and tomato sauce (18$) Pretty good portion size, tasty, but not as good a sauce as the stew I had moments earlier.My partner had the veal parmesan (22$) which is also a generous portion, it came with potatoes and broccoli on the side.We were full so did not opt for dessert although they had a nice selection of cakes, fruit cups, banana split, ice cream etc.The food is good although I can't consider this place "fine dining" like Chez Ennio describes itself on the menu - it's a traditional, home style meal with above average prices that are justifiable when you think this is how the guy and his wife make their living.It took us about 2 hours, like others have mentioned, you can't be in a rush. I was satisfied with my meal and the whole experience although there was nothing that particularly drew me in or wowed me so I'm not sure I'll be back.
4	Okay, let us set the scene so you're not surprised: Ennio was here alone. That's right. One old, awesome, grandpa dude was waiter, cook, busboy, host, everything. Never again will you see a waiter with three tables and excuse them for being too busy to bring your check when you've seen this one man show perform his little miracle. And the food was. Good, solid, from-the-heart Italian. A little pricey but high quality and tons of it so you won't mind eating the leftovers.
5	First review I have ever written but just couldn't help myself.   My husband and I found this restaurant through Yelp reviews and decided to check it out.  Ennio was a delight!  He called to confirm our reservation and was busily setting up our table when we arrived.  We ended up with the whole restaurant to ourselves (unbelievable, as this place was truly amazing!) all night.Food:  Delicious and freshly made by Ennio humming a tune in the kitchen.  Lentil soup with sausage was very hearty. Servings were huge.  Prosciutto and melon yummy.  And Ennio's Fettucine - worth the extra workout.  BTW, it's BYOW with no corkage fee. (Ennio says "Why would I charge you when it takes 5 seconds with my wine opener on the counter?")I hope the reason the restaurant was empty was because it was a holiday weekend; would hate to see this place close.  Ennio himself was a fascinating person (speaks five languages) with an incredible history and life story as well as being very personable and welcoming.  Thanks Ennio!  From Texas with Love.
5	What a hidden gem this place is! Small restaurant run by the owner, Ennio, who is the nicest guy ever. The ambiance is pretty romantic, AND it's a BYOW!  It's an Italian restaurant and is really really delicious.Ennio was very nice, and we had a great experience there. I can't remember what I had but I remember that the portion was too big and that I had to take it home. You really do have to chels out this place if you're tired of all the cookie cutter BYOWs in this city and are looking for some delicious Italian cuisine!
1	The restaurant was half full on a Saturday evening. There was Ennio alone in the kitchen and 1 waitress who had her hands full with only 20 customers in the restaurant. She would only appear and disappear once in a blue moon.We waited 2 hours for our lukewarm meal. I don't understand why a plate of pasta and a green salad could take 2 hours to arrive and be lukewarm.The food tasted good but was traditional, not italian traditional but more like 1970 traditional. But we expected that.We didn't expect my water glass to be chipped all over the rim, the water pitcher left on our table was dirty with fingerprints all around it like it hadn't been washed that day, the tablecloth was filthy from a few days ago, and the doily table runner contained an impressive collection of hidden breadcrumbs from several days back.When it was time to pay, and the waitress had disappeared, Ennio asked me if everything was okay. When I decided to say "well, no"  and politely explain why, starting with the fact that the food tasted good,  he clutched onto my Visa card and started arguing that my expectations were too high and that he was not running a 5-star restaurant, as if I didn't know that before walking through the door. I already expected the traditional food and the cheesy decor, the photos are on the internet. It can't be that difficult  to get hot pasta on a clean table.When I finally got my Visa card back, I smiled and told Ennio not to ask for our opinion if he didn't want it. As we were walking out, Ennio swore loudly at us. It was humiliating. The whole place heard. Terrible evening!
5	Ennio is my BFF. I love him, I love his food, I love his jokes, I love his accent; he makes me smile and laugh so hard. He has shared so many stories with me, and at times his food has given me a glimpse of where he's been and what he's about.My absolute favourites are the eggplant parm and cannelloni. I've also tried the escargot, gnocchi, and Chez Ennio pasta, all of which were great but didn't hold my attention for as long as the eggplant parm and cannelloni did. I would still absolutely recommend them, though!This place definitely has some charm to it; it's cozy and feels like you're sitting in Ennio's living room while he prepares your meal and serves it to you. This is a one-man-show most nights, guys. So tolerate the slowness, go there and enjoy your evening, don't rush through it. Bring a bottle, or two or three, and enjoy the home-style meal with good company.
1	We went there as a group, and we could not choose our menu because we were 15, however we were pretty much the only customer that evening. I really did not find the romantic ambiance described in other review maybe it's because they did not turn on the heat and it was freezing cold inside.Anyway, the tap water served had a terrible taste, but still this that happen. We got a spinach raviolis as apertizer which was ok, then a salad which wasn't very clean I could ate the sand, then a chicken with a questionnable taste, and for dessert a piece of sugar disguised in a so-called praline cake.It's really not the quality or the minimum standing you could expected for such price (40$), if you have money to waste and really have no idea what good, tasty fresh food mean, this place is for you.
