4	This has become my new go-to sports book in town.  Not only is it in Red Rock, the coolest and nicest casino in town, but it's also very big and well kept.  There are plenty comfy seats, and tons of screens that are always showing all the sports currently in season.All the employees are very nice and helpful if you have any questions, and its organized very well in here.  During certain games or events they offer drink and food specials in here too.
4	I usually make my sports bets online via Sports Connection.  But when and if I win, I have to hit one of the Station Casinos to cash out.  Red Rock's Sports Book is where I go.Location of this sports book is convenient.  Plenty of seating and located near their parking structure, a bar, and their poker room. Seats fill up during the games, but this is no different than anywhere else in Vegas.  This sports book is clean with comfortable seating.  VIP seating available as well. Place bets or actually cashing out can get a little frustrating at times.  After a game is done, expect long lines to get your money or worse trying to place a bet before the next game.  I suggest cashing out before one of the other games end.  Or, just wait until the line dies down.  If you're withdrawing or depositing from your Sports Connection account, expect no lines since there's a separate window for this.
4	Not the best odds always in town, but a good place to make a wager and have a good time. Great screens and sports coverage as well!
4	Was here for a couple of games and the sports book here beat the sports book at New York New York. This one was a whole lot bigger, there are a lot of tv screens, comfy seating. You can literally see every game you want to. Some TVs aren't HD quality but that's ok. There are 2 what seem to be 70 inch TVs? Lol the bar tenders come around a lot and always make sure to serve you. You have to pay for drinks here (unlike at the casinos floor). If you bet on games you get a free drink card which you have to use before the day is over, which you will because who will pass up a free drink? Overall a good place to sit down and watch games. It's great if you stay the New York New York , just a walk across the bridge, down the elevator, pass the deli & your at the sports. Recommend this place - check it out!
3	The problem with Sport Books is that they mostly need to cater to the Horse Race gamblers, so when it comes to sports, they don't have the room to accommodate those gamblers especially during March Madness.  Having said that, this is one of the better ones.  Many screens are available.
5	Great seating, good service and an amazing mobile app makes this my favorite sports book in town.  As a local, Red Rock is usually a good option.   Not too many tourists or jerks, just low key sports fans and locals.
3	My fave video poker game (Pick A Pair) can only be found here at the bar, hence I have no choice but to patronize it!Sometimes I wish I had a choice. It is a sports book bar, so it can get crazy during games. Not the quieter, serious gamers only experience! Service is hit or miss, which shouldn't be the case. Often, they don't have enough staff during busy times. But, staff is usually quite friendly. There's lot of seating throughout the sports book, and one nicer area has comfy big red chairs. A good spot to enjoy a 99 cent margarita, which is only served at the Sports Book!
5	Red Rock Sports Book is my favorite sports book in Vegas. It is a two minute drive from my house and you don't have to deal with all of the tourists, like you do at the Strip hotels.There is nothing like a Sunday morning at the Red Rock during the NFL season, unless your losing all your games. Then it sucks!..lol.You have to get there at latest by 8:30am to get a good seat. They have every game on the screens and the featured games on the two big screens.There is plenty of places to grab some food from including Lucille's, Yard House, Lbs Burger, and there is always the Food Court. You can grab some coffee from Starbucks in the Food Court if you need some caffeine.They give you drink tickets when you place your bets. They give you a couple tickets for each bet. If you get there early enough, I suggest you place your bets one at a time. That way you can get more drink tickets. I never use them, but I thought I would leave a tip for the drinkers out there.
5	I've been coming to red rock casino sports book for the past few weeks during the nfl games for the $2 beers- I recently moved out here - and enjoyed going for the price of beers during football- I came in today and ordered a beer - since I do not gamble - I ordered a beer and opened a tab. Not thinking anything of it I gave the bartender-Gio an Amex card along with my ID. - the Amex was not in my name, it happened to be in my mothers ( no explanation needed however: my chase cards have declined in NV due to being out of state etc ). Gio politely said I can not hold this card since it does not have your name on it & honestly I did not think about it - even though I own the company along with my mother ( real estate holding company locally in NV ) - he was ABSOLUTELY right- why should he? Even though I told him I have previously paid with this card in the past - at first he did not believe me - and I described who helped me last week- no big deal - I paid with my chase card and moved on. Gio explained previous situations where ex wives pay with ex husbands card etc - and I will say I did appreciate it - NOT VERY PFTEN DOES SOMEONE ACTUALLY CHECK!!! - I have found a new place in vegas knowing there are honest people like Gio ( and the rest of the staff at RRSB ) - knowing that if I pay with a card - it's solely me! Thanks Gio! You have my continued business I will see you guys for the rest of the NFL season
