3	This Starbucks is hidden in a back corner of TI (Treasure Island). It's huge, but always, always packed. Because this is the Starbucks of the hotel, it is pretty pricey. Their coffee cake is usually $2.75 but here they charge you $3 each! Imagine...a small piece of coffee cake for $3. I'm not even sure how much they hiked their prices for drinks! However, it is noticeably pricier than other ones. There's free wifi, but you have to ask for the password. Lots of places to sit, and internet's fast but seats aren't that comfortable. Will come back when I stay here again for the wifi, but not so much for the pricey drinks!
4	I have been craving green tea lattes like everyday now.I visited Las Vegas with my friends the past weekend for EDC. We stayed at TI during this trip. With my never ending craving, having a Starbucks inside TI really helped me out a lot! I just had to go downstairs to get my craving fulfilled. Thank goodness I did not have to go outside in the heat.The service is a hit or miss.I don't think they serve the hot breakfast sandwiches/wraps on the weekend. I did not see it offered the whole weekend, but then saw it being offered the monday I was leaving.
2	This is a typical Starbucks located just outside of Treasure Island, but be warned as of November 2013 this location doesn't carry the La Boulange line of pastries nor do they accept the Starbucks app as payment.  Not a bad place to people watch on the Las Vegas Strip though.  Everything else is pretty typical.  That is all.
1	Cashier was nice, but explained there's no way they can use the gold card rewards?? Barista was rude, adamant about charging $.84 to heat up another customers drink. My coffee was watered down, lacked flavor and kept leaking out of the cup. Avoid this branch like the plague.
1	Worst Starbucks I have been to. Both the barista and the cashier were very rude and not helpful. The store was also not clean, there was garbage on the floor and splatters in the counter. When I asked about rewards and promo codes, I quickly got a dismissive "no we do not do that" they also don't seem to make many drinks being that they told various customers they couldn't make the drink. My experience with this Starbucks pushed me to go to other coffee retailers during my time in Las Vegas. Avoid going if possible.
2	Pricey coffee and food... Compared to other Starbucks... Not even open for 24 hours... This store is located inside Treasure Island Hotel.  One of thier staff told me that their store only serve the sandwich wraps during breakfast only.... Then the following morning I called to check if they still have the sandwich wraps for sale as it is nearing noon.  The store staff said they have it all day.  Huh?  So I guess that male staff on night shift was being lazy then...  This store needs to train their night staff to be more customer friendly...
3	Starbuck's has eliminated the "short" coffee cup at many of its outlets. They have also eliminated the "short" from their cash registers.The barristas complain that this is a company decision. The benefit to the company is obvious: they charge significantly more for the "tall" cups. The damage to the clientele is just as obvious: we pay more for being involuntarily SUPERSIZED and we consume more than we want to, and more than we should. I big fat round of thanks to Starbuck's for contributing to the obesity of America.
2	I hated this Starbucks. They were 24 hours so I was hopeful they'd be good. The prices of Starbucks in Vegas are almost double the price of Starbucks in NY. I was not happy about that. My barista was also very rude during my first visit. I was waiting at the bar for a regular coffee, when they told me she had to pour it and it wasn't up to the baristas making the drinks to pour it I approached her again. She obviously didn't want to pour my coffee, she was very pissed about it and told her fellow barista she was going to stab her, I was hoping she was only kidding. I work in public service too so I get it, we have good days and bad days but you still shouldn't be rude to the clientele or your co-workers. I did not like this starbucks and was regretful that it was the one by my hotel.
1	I hated my experience at this Starbucks. This review is for the Starbucks inside of treasure island,  not the outdoors one. Both of the baristas were unfriendly and looked angry to have customers show up. She talked in a monotone voice, greeting me with a "What do you want?" while rolling her eyes. Where I live, the Starbucks baristas are always bubbly and seem extra happy. So it irritated me to be around such a negative aura while on vacation.  To make things worse, she overcharged me for my drink which clearly showed a lower price on the menu. She did not give me a receipt either, so there was no way for me to prove that she had overcharged me. The male barista who made my drink kept saying that she charged me the correct price, and it was only more because of tax. My drink was 5.50 and she charged 5.65, with tax that came out to 6.11. That's a very expensive drink and I have never had to pay that much tax at a Starbucks where I live. I was willing to pay the expensive price but the attitudes of the people working there made my experience a bad one. Luckily I will not ever go back there. My drink did taste good in the end, but the customer service was terrible.
4	Guess what whiny babies - chains that are in or connected to a casino generally cost more than the usual. Just like it is at the airport. Sucks, but just don't buy it if you don't like the prices. I wish you luck finding a cheaper latte on the strip. It's a typical starbucks and yes slightly more expensive than the usual, but you're overpaying regardless, so what's a little more right? Employees were funny and friendly, place was clean. And strip locations are usually exempt from cheap deals, but yay for half off frapps during happy hour 3-5pm thru May 10th.
1	Third time in a row, they give me the wrong drink. Employees are rude and it's was more expensive than any other Starbucks.
4	What can I say. ..a Starbucks is a Starbucks!  That is why they are so popular.  Their product is consistent.  My only complaint--and this for EVERY Starbucks in Vegas is the astronomical prices.  Their items cost almost double what their items cost any where else.  Every Starbucks I entered was completely packed, I can't imagine the price hike is necessary . . . just greedy.
5	I got a sandwich here that tasted fine. I really just wanted water for the dehydration but they wanted to charge me. I went with their small cup without a lid. That was free. It's quite spacious which earns them the 5stars! I'm sure they get tons of people so the set up of the place looks efficient for crowds. I came here twice in one weekend and I'd come back!
4	This gets 4 stars out of comparison to other Starbucks and coffee places in the area. This is the Starbucks inside Treasure Island, tucked away towards Kahunaville. The lines tend to be much shorter here compared to the one located outside, and the staff pretty friendly. Also, if you're in Treasure Island already, you don't have to head out into 100+ degree heat to get your coffee. Looking at the reviews, it looks like there were some mixed experiences customer-service-wise. Maybe I've just gotten lucky, but two years running now I hit this place every morning for a week, and it's been pretty good.
4	Easy and convenient if your staying at the hotel, good staff and a short wait, worth while, happy with my visit.
1	The quality isn't as good as any Starbucks I've ever had, and the prices were significantly higher. Someone said that Starbucks connected to a casino is going to cost more and compared it to the airport Starbucks. At the airport, it doesn't cost as much more. And the quality is good. I think the problem here is that there is not much competition. If you don't like this Starbucks, well, you don't have other chains to choose from. If I wanted to pay $7 for just milk tea, I could have gone to a fancier, French-themed cafe.
