5	I have been experiencing massage therapy over the course of about 9 years, and Christopher has been one of the best therapists I have ever experienced. I have been to spas on the Las Vegas strip where they charge an absurd amount for a basic massage and treat you like a number. Christopher is not only friendly and affordable, but he makes you feel like you're his only client. He's truly concerned with making you feel better. I would recommend him to anyone and everyone.
5	Chis has been my masseuse for over 2 years now.  He does wonderful deep tissue work and is extremely professional and friendly. I tried many different spas and masseuses when I first moved to Las Vegas and instantly knew when he started working on my back that he was going to be the person I used regularly.  He gives an amazing massage at a great price :-)
5	I found another Groupon deal for massage this week, so I decided to jump on it.  While I had gotten another massage just recently, this was less about getting the full pampered spa experience, and more to focus on just getting some self-repair.I discovered the Groupon mid-day, and was concerned that perhaps I was too late to make use of it, but Christopher was very accommodating with the scheduling, so everything worked out.The clinic was in a decent part of town, and the parking access was very easy to navigate.  My phone map gave off some funky directions at the end, but Christopher got me there in time.Christopher specializes in deep tissue massage, and was very professional.  He was very conscientious in making sure the pressure applied in my neck and shoulders was at a comfortable level, and worked diligently to get the problem areas in my neck and torso worked out.  I could feel the difference as he worked the numerous kinks out, and I could actually start feeling normal in moving again.  His attitude was very pleasant and easy-going, and the only pressure involved from him was in the massage itself.As for the price, it was very reasonable.  You are paying for the massage session only without the amenities, and it was very fair.  Even his regular rates look to be agreeable enough that I would gladly go again without a discount.After a brutally hectic month, I needed a session where I could get a chance to relax and unwind, and that's exactly what I got.  While I think I still need a few personal "shutdown" days to recover, at least I feel human again, and that alone is well worth the cost of admission.So greatly appreciated....
5	Got a groupon for a massage in January. I needed a good deep tissue massage after such a stressful week. Chris was very professional and knowledgeable. After the massage was done I felt like a new man. The price is very reasonable, I definitely will come back.
4	Chris was very professional and provided an excellent deep tissue massage, concentrating on my problem spots. Already made my next appt.
5	Awesome Massage Therapist. Very strong and always finds my problem areas without me even having to tell him! Very affordable and professional!
5	Just received an amazing massage from Christopher!! The thing I love about his massage is his ability to reach the deeper layers of muscle without causing any pain. I'll be back!!
