5	I have LOVED Freddy's since we took a family vacation to Schlitterbaun (water park in Texas) and stumbled in one.  At that point we were exhausted and starving from being at the water park and Freddy's was AWESOME food.One day I thought hey, I wonder if they have any Freddy's out West and found the one on Bell Road.  We loaded up the SUV and drove from Gilbert to Glendale AND the drive was worth it!  We once again LOVED our meal at Freddy's!We ended up driving to Glendale about once a month to eat at Freddy's, begging them to open a location out in the East Valley - FINALLY it opened - just as we moved to SoCal : (When ever we get back to Arizona we ALWAYS eat at Freddy's.  Why?The burgers are "steak burgers", high quality meat with seasoning.  The fries are seasoned just right...addicting!  They have free drink refills and the place is old school looking.  THE REAL KICKER...the frozen custard!  WOW, I love their frozen custard creations!They have other menu items, but the steak burger is just fine for me!
3	Freddy's was a pretty decent place for burgers and fries, but they fell a little short of being great for me.  The burgers tasted high quality but they were severely lacking in seasoning.  I loaded it up with salt and a bit of pepper and things were made better.  The fries are shoestring fries so they're nice and crisp.  I really enjoyed them, but again, lacking in seasoning.  Their prices are fair, especially considering the stupid 5 Guys is pretty close to them.  Just to compare, I had a comparable burger here plus fries AND a drink, all for the price of a single patty burger at 5 Guys.  I probably won't come back here mostly just because there are so many other similar places and this just doesn't stand out.
3	This place was a little confusing for me.  There were no descriptions of the food so I was flying blind when I ordered the California burger.  I just assumed it would have something like avocado or ranch or fish or sunshine or eddie money....but it didn't.  Nothing California about this burger other than that's probably where the lettuce came from.  Speaking of lettuce, this burger had it with some uncooked onions and a tomato.  These aren't normally things I want on my burger but, apparently, that's what constitutes a California burger.  It was more expensive than a regular burger because of the toppings.  Nice.Since I failed to realize any of this at the time, I was still pretty hungry when I finished.  Since this is a steak-burger place, they like to flatten out the beef until it looks like the sole of your shoe.  It's pretty thin and not very filling.  The taste is good and it's not greasy (unlike Steakenburger) but I really wished I had ordered a double.  The fries were actually really good which made me really happy.  I ended up putting some on my burger just to try and give it some more substance.  Not bad.  Feels like I'm back in Pittsburgh.Anyways, I probably wouldn't go back here but who knows?  It was better than Five Guys so they have that going for them.  It was a pretty ho-hum experience and that's probably what you'll get too.
4	i dug it. their hotdogs are bomb. they are using vienna, i believe. and they come on buttered toasted bread. i get mine w grilled onions on top.their fries are some of the best EVER. super thin, perfectly crisp, and perfectly seasoned. The seasoning tastes a bit garlicky and not sure what else was in it. the burgers are not as good as culvers but they are good. and the custard is pretty tasty
3	Well after driving by many times and never stopping, we finally stopped today and it was crowded. We ordered a single steakburger and onion rings and a drink (Combo) and a chicago dog and a regular hot dog. Now off the bat this place kinda reminded me of Culver's with the Steakburger thing going on. I have to say it was tasty like Culver's, but we left still hungry, not many onion rings. The Chicago dog was great as I remember it from Chicago and my girlfriend enjoyed her hotdog and part of my hamburger (yeah, we were fighting over who is going to finish the last few bites, cause we were still hungry). We will try it again though as we always give places a few chances.
5	I first went to Freddy's for the custard. Being from St.louis and spoiled on Ted Drew's growing up I had to go to Freddy's and try it. The 2 times I went was real good, I give the custard 3.5 stars in the concrete and 4.5 in the sunday. Something gets lost in the concrete version of the custard, not as creamy and dense. I hadn't even looked at the burger menu. Until one day I had to try these "steak burgers". I took one bite and just like in the movie Ratatouille when the food critique guy ate the dish and was instantly transported to his childhood and it almost made him cry. Thats just about what happened to me. There is a place in STL called Carl's. And for 18 years I've been telling people "I wish you could try a Carl's burger and taste the best burger ever." Now Freddy's is not exactly the same as Carl's, but it's about 90%. So It will have to do. I love Freddy's, every time I go I'll eat a single or a double burger then I have to get one more because it's just that good.If by chance you get around to StL, look up Carl's and try.
4	The fries! Oh the fries are so good!!!! Thin and salty and crispy and  I could have eaten my weight in them.I had a California style steakburger. I think it's a California style because of the lettuce, tomato, onion and Thousand Island dressing? The burger is thin and had nice crispy edges. It was good.I also had a chocolate custard. In all honesty I didn't got the difference between custard and ice cream. I guess that I'll need a more discerning palate. Regardless, it had a nice strong chocolate flavor. I would like to try the sundaes and "concretes" aka custard with mix-ins. I'll probably give Freddy 3 stars but those fries deserve a star of their own.
4	Great food fries rings burgers are fantastic and kills Culvers
4	Freddys has jumped into our weekly lunch rotation!!! I came here with a co-worker for the first time last week. Had the chili dog with fries. The dog was very good and their chili was amazing. Just the way I like it, no beans, but still chunky and the right amount of spice. I think I will definitely be getting a cup of chili the next time I come here. The fries were pretty good though very different. They were very very thin. I think these fries definitely live up to being shoestring potatoes. My co-worker has been looking for good Chicago dog but hasn't have much luck till now. Being from Chicago, she knows what a Chicago dog should be like. She said the one from Freddys was great! The only issue is that their dogs are a bit on the small side so I feel like I would have to order several to get full. I also gave Freddys four stars because I have not been able to try their namesake items (custard and steakburgers) to determine if they are really as good as it gets. Haha. But I will definitely be returning soon!
4	Nothing fancy here just good food! Culvers type hamburgers and custard. Food came fast and place was clean. Not much more to report, bring an empty stomach.
4	I was certain I reviewed Freddy's already's but when I looked it wasn't there.Freddy's has good fast food burgers, thin patties cooked hot and fast so that they carmelize slightly.Pencil fries with cheese sauce are tasty, although the amount of cheese sauce varies wildly depending on where the moon is in relation to mercury and the various astrology signs.  This issue may have resolved itself with the advent of the new astrology sign.  As a matter of fact, this may have been the underlying cause for the creation of the astrology sign in the first place.I don't pretend to understand the greater workings of this mysterious universe which revolves around me. I do know that things are more in harmony when I have the desired amount of cheese sauce on my fries.
3	Like other reviewers I didn't see much of the "Golden State" in the California burger.  All in all a decent burger option, if convenient, and above average fries/onion rings.
5	My wife and I went here last night after dinner for some custard.  We split a small cup of vanilla which was a mistake because after taking a few bites I wanted scoops more.  Anyway, the vanilla custard is fantastic!  Very rich, creamy, sweet and delicious.  I honestly cannot wait to have it again!!
5	I went here with a friend last week for the first time. The employees are very friendly and kind. I was impressed with all the choices of flavors for the frozen custard. My friend ate dinner and I had dessert. Very delicious custard and not too expensive either. I'll be back- the food and service were wonderful!
4	I finally tried their steak burger California style and it was very good. Tasted very fresh kinda like In and Out. I think I still might like In and Outs burgers better, however, Freddys still makes a mean chili dog! I can't quite give this place 5 stars though because I figured out last time that I really am not a fan of their fries. Everyone has their preferences of what fries should be and these are just not for me. Still have to try their custard. Service is great though and restaurant clean. Freddy's is still a winner in my book!
4	The burgers are good! The decor of this place is nice and I like the Nostalgia of it.. I really liked that they showed the History of Freddy on the walls. It's nice to know that there was a real guy who started this place & even nicer knowing he's a Veteran! If I find myself near the area again I will go back with out a doubt! Much better choice then the everyday fast food chains that clutter our city streets.
5	I have been an a burger kick lately, so a couple of my partners-in-crime and I went on a burger crawl...Freddy's was our first stop. All I can say is WOW! I had the Triple Steakburger, fries and drink combo ($6.89.) The burger is a smash burger...the meat is smashed on the grill in to thin patties which get all crunchy on the outside. I ordered the burger with cheese, mustard and pickle. It was delicious! The fries are the tiny shoestring fries like Steak & Shake fries. They were hot, fresh, and amazing! They also have diet Dr. Pepper which in my opinion is a big plus.  After devouring the burger and fries I ordered the Signature Turtle Sundae...vanilla custard, hot caramel, hot fudge, pecans, whipped cream, and a cherry. This sundae was absolutely amazing!!! The custard was dense and creamy and the toppings made me melt faster than the ice cream. Yummy stuff!The employees were all friendly, cheerful, and efficient! The restaurant was very clean.  Thankfully for my waistline and circulatory system I live in a different state because If I lived nearby I would be eating here way to often.
4	I was introduced to this place by my sister and brother-in-law, and all I can say is that I got hooked.  I have been here a couple of times and each time I usually get the double steakburger with cheese and fries.  The steakburger is thinner than a regular burger, but the taste is fantastic.I also like to get their chocolate brownie delight sundae.  It is probably one of the best sundaes I have ever had.  If you are a chocolate fan, than this is definitely something that you will want to try.I just saw on their website that they are planning to open a Freddy's in Henderson, NV, which is right in my neighborhood, so I am pretty stoked about that.
4	Stop by today for California Burger and I also their chocolate brownie delight sundae.  It is probably one of the best sundaes I have ever had.  If you are a chocolate fan, this place is definitely something that you will want to try. The help is friendly and helpful.
4	Freddy's is not a restaurant for the health conscious, those with finicky tummies, or people who dab their pizza with napkins. Grease is ubiquitous at Freddy's, it's like a inescapable condiment. Hell, the soda is greasy.  If this bothers you, you may want to eat somewhere healthier. Like anywhere else in the world. But, damn, these burgers are good. They fry them up on a griddle until they're just a bit crispy around the edges while still being juicy and tender in the middle. Your options are pretty limited, cheese or no cheese, one set of toppings or another. That's okay though. They do it all well. They have hot dogs as well, but I haven't really bothered with them. I can make my own hot dog. The fries are shoestring style, which seems to be popular these days, but I prefer a little thicker cut. Still good though, especially when topped with their 'special' salt.Then there's the frozen custard... I was a bit skeptical, as I don't like most frozen yogurt, hate soft serve, and generally am unimpressed with ice cream. But this stuff was amazing. It is incredibly smooth and rich, with just a hint of egg underneath the vanilla or chocolate flavor. Really, really delicious. Like everything here, the prices on the frozen custard (FroCu?) are very decent. Honestly, it's about as good as Culver's or any other steakburger joint for the regular stuff, but the frozen custard really makes it stand out as a favorite.
3	The shoestring fries are really good. However the burger patties are so thin, I wish I would of gotten a double. The custard was amazing. I had vanilla custard with hot fudge on it. I had never tried custard before. Now I know why the teletubbies couldn't get enough of that tubbie custard!!!
2	SERIOUSLY??Oh yelp how i rely on you to stand up next to what you are claimed to be by the ratings. when i see 4 stars that means it should be more than just okay! Why am i so let down with all of these places? When i saw the word steak burger i was expecting blow my mind out of this world phenomena! Not your average smashed burger wannabe.Don't get me wrong the flavor of the burger alone was decent but not worth $7 for a combo.  I LOVE french fries and these did NOT work for me. There was just a weird aftertaste. I couldn't put my finger on it but it was just weird.   As for the custard...FAIL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i had ordered a mini vanilla custard concrete with reeses peanut butter cups and i LOVE reeses peanut butter cups you literally have no idea. Next to the original two pack i also love the new mini cups you do not have to unwrap.  ANYWAYS back on track i get this concrete cup with a lid that is good for the car so it doesn't spill.  But the flavor was indeed rich and smooth but the flavor in general just lacked something to me. IDK what kind of peanut butter cups they used but they definitely were not reeses i can tell you that right now.  So dissapointed. If i were to try another concrete it will be strawberry cheesecake for sure. with extra sauce and what not to give it flavor.  But for now i am so mad at myself for spending $10 on BLAH food.
4	Feel like kickin it ol' school?  Freddy's is the place to go!  Great burger and fry joint! The steak burgers are fresh patties made to order. They have a home cooked taste not the frozen fast food burger! Yes, they even have Veggie burgers too! You can get darn near anything you like on it ! The Fry's are fresh cut and seasoned or you can top them with cheese or chili. I tried a little of everything and my favorite is the chili dog! Tastes like I remember growing up as a kid. The custard sundaes are amazing ! My favorite is the PBC&B mmmm good!I like that they sell their seasonings so I can grill up the great taste at home!  Great family fun atmosphere.http://spoonfulpersuasion.blogspot.com/
3	I was really looking forward to having great burgers but they were way to thin, so thin you can see through them. I wouldn't waste my calories on it again. But I like the seasoning you can put on your hamburger and fries, that is what made it good. But the custard is to die for! I'll never go back to ice cream again. If I ever go back to Freddy's it will be for only dessert.
5	Finally a place in Arizona where I can enjoy a Chicago-style dog that actually tastes like one!!! So, for all you fellow Chicagoans that are missing hot dogs in the only way that Chicago makes them, head on over to Freddy's!
4	I have a certain affinity for anything named "Freddy's," my friends can tell you why, so when I first had the chance to go to Freddy's Burgers a couple years ago I was excited. I went on the recommendation of a friend, and it's still one of my favourite chain burger joints. The burgers are made fresh to order, no heat lamps keeping your Big Mac warm here! The meat is so much better than your average fast food place. the buns are great and they always manage to get that awesome crispiness on the outside of the burger. My partner gets the patty melt, and keeps eating it even after she's unbuttoned her pants, mumbling, "I'm so full... I really shouldn't eat any more." I LOVE the shoestring fries. I've never had an issue with soggy, cool fries. They're always hot, fresh and salted just enough. The Chicago Dogs are pretty darn good too. Get dessert! I'm a big fan of their frozen custard. My staple would be the turtle, with extra caramel. :) The whole atmosphere is nice and very retro. Oldies on the radio, HUGE booths so you don't have to worry about where you're going to fit everyone and clean. Clean is a big deal to me. i HATE going to fast food places where the remnants of the last dozen customers are all over the tables and floor.
2	This was my first and last visit. Fries were good but the burger was just ok. As far as the service, TERRIBLE. I ordered a cheeseburger, small fry and a diet dr pepper....I received a double hamburger, no cheese and they didnt give me my drink! I won't be back.
3	Not good nor bad. Personally inn & out burger is better as well as five guys. I wasn't all that impressed. There is nothin I hate more then eating super dry meat. And that's what this burger was, I don't think I'll go back well maybe to try the ice cream.
4	Freddy's is totally grub. I'm down with the Double California Burger which is Freddy's take on an In & Out burger. I love how the meat hangs an inch out of the bun and the texture of the meat is so different from other burgers. The frozen custard is tasty and not that expensive. The kids and I get the dirt & worms and fight over the gummi worms. This place will satisfy the occasional greasy gut bomb craving. I'm looking forward to trying the Chicago dog and chili cheese fries.
5	Good choice for an afternoon snack, just had the frozen custard, it hit the spot, and was just what we needed to pick us up.  Prices were reasonable and no one came make a Sunday the wrong way, right?Not crowded, clean, good service.  Looking at the food coming out, might have to come back and try a burger!
4	Hit this place as a back-up once when I was too late for Five Guys. Surprisingly good, and well priced. Love the really skinny fries. Custard is above average, but I'd go back anytime for the burgers.
3	Freddy's is a good place to eat, when you hit them on the right night. We have been here 4 times in the past few months and it's either hit or miss. They always seem to pack the place, but that may be because of the price and the fact that we go on the weekend when there seems to be a car show taking place :)Over all it's burgers and hot dogs. They are famous for their frozen custard which is awesome!Last night the fries were very oily, I could actually see the wetness in them. They were good, but thinking about the oil was a tough one to swallow down.I got a single burger plane with grilled onions last night, unfortunately not many onions :(We will continue to go back, primarily because it's economical for a family of 4 and also the atmosphere is pretty neat.
2	Good flavorful food but personally I didn't like it. I prefer burgers with some meat to them, the Freddy's burgers while taste good are just flat pancaked pieces of meat. Also I prefer steak fries, something can really eat and these fries are a joke, thinner than a pencil and they are broken into such small pieces that I might as well be using a spoon to eat them cause they would even fall through the prongs of a fork. The one plus was the custard, that I'd go back for!
3	I like the place. It reminds me of something you would see back in the midwest. That said, it is still fast food. The burgers are decent, but a little on the salty side. They have the very thin patties you don't tend to see much any more--which I like for a change of pace. Their shoestring fries are also very good. Service is friendly, the place is clean and bright. No complaints, but nothing stands out as tremendous. Good for families with kids though.
4	Great steakburger's and the best fries.     In my opinion their custard is the best.  Inexpensive and good staff.     Great to have them in the community.
4	Tasty moist flavorful burgers. Wonderful thin crispy fries with minimal grease. We've been back several times and will keep returning.Prices reasonable. Fast service, order takers know contents of menu items.  Appreciate this knowledge with having food allergies. Employee even cleared table of tray and baskets, nice touch.Deserts look great, need to go just for desert, portions have been so good I don't get desert.The only thing I would change is soda choice, personally prefer Coke to Pepsi.
5	This place was great! I really enjoyed the burgers. Will definitely be coming back real soon.
1	Flat patties, tasteless, expensive. I will never eat here again.
4	Their chili cheese fries are to die for!  Be sure to ask for a side if fry sauce to either drizzle over them or at least just dip the somewhat dry fries in at the end.The burgers are tasty, but I'd prefer In n Out's small patty burgers over these especially for the cost. What keeps me going back is the cleanliness of the restaurant. The friendliness of the staff, oh and did I mention the fry sauce?!?
3	Good tasting but needs more steak on steak burger!  Needs, condiments on it also!.   Brownie sundae comes with chocolate Ice cream, would be so much better with vanilla, should have read the menu better. Disappointed, will try again some time & pay more attention.  The place was very clean, nice looking! All the employees were helpful & seem to do their jobs well.
5	Patty melt= yum! I don't really bother rating fast food joints, but this place won me with the customer service. I drove through today and got a patty melt (of course!) and I was handed my food with the usual smile and "have a nice day". I replied "you too", and she responded with "of course!. I love working here". I drove off wondering if she was sarcastic or not only to get home with some strange sandwich that i didn't order! Me, being cranky when I'm hungry, rehearsed all the lines in my head that I will say if they don't give me my money back. "i want to speak to your manager!", or "You just lost a loyal customer. I hope you burn". When I walked in the door, a manger quickly saw i was carrying a bag through the door, and asked what happened. I said " i drove all the way home to find out that I received the wrong order." He quickly and sincerely apologized, and gave me a free meal coupon, a free ice cream coupon, threw in some fresh fries, and the girl working the drive through window came out and personally apologized. I was blown away by how much they cared about their customers, especially when the McDonald's across the street would tell my to go shove it where the sun don't shine. I don't mind when mistakes are made as long as the company recognizes and fixes the mistake. In this case it was more than fixed, because they want and have earned my business. Super friendly staff! Thanks!
3	Nothing real exciting here, average burgers but better then any of the other fast food chains, ice cream is better then DQ. Would go there again if I was jn the mood for a fast buger and there wasnt a Culvers around, if you like Steak n Shake this would be a good replacement.
1	Great service. However the food was such a bad deal I will never go back. Way over priced and the "custard" is not custard at all. If u want real custard then go to Ritas. Don't go here if you are hungry. I just was very disappointed.
5	Their burger and fries were amazing! I will be back to try their frozen custard!
3	I'm not sure what to think about Freddy's. I was super excited to try another Frozen Custard place (I heart Culver's) and this place is a hit or miss. The burger is alright but I keep giving it a chance hoping that it's a mistake on my part in the ordering process - I keep getting the California style. Keep in mind that ordering was the problem I had at In n Out until I found my groove.  The one thing I adore here are the fries. OH. EM. GEE. These little shoe string guys are the BEST. I think they sprinkle salt and pepper on them. I think I'll try them INSIDE my hamburger next time.
3	I am writing about the location on Williamsfield Rd, Gilbert.  The food and prices are so- so.  This last time we were there, I ordered chicken tenders (dry, overcooked and a very small portion at that) My fries were so salty I could hardly eat them "and I like salty fries".  My husband had their hot dog and it wasn't hot almost cool in the middle !!!  So not real sure what to make of it.But to be fair, the service was GREAT the girl at the counter was very pleasant, and the ordered came correct...Just not real good.
4	Great steakburgers!  Awesome flavor !Much cheaper than 5 guys and their insane prices!
5	Holy amazeballs. This place is so freakin delicious, it should be illegal. I generally get the patty melt and it is just perfect. The patties are thin, but they are so flavorful that it doesn't matter. The rye is perfect as well. I am super picky, and my order is always done just as I order it. The service is awesome; really, really friendly staff and quality food... This place is hard to beat.
5	Stopped by last night for a last chance meal at something other than turkey for the next week and WOW fantastic!  First time there and was not disappointed.  Had the triple Freddy and it was flavorful and hot and fresh and the fries where fresh also nice twist on them to looked just like the potato sticks you get in the can but in french fry form and cudos for the dipping sauce for the fries also.  Even put  the sauce on my burger yum, yum!  I hope there is one of these on the west side of Phoenix!
4	The closest thing to Steak n Shake in AZ. I had the pizza burger, it was okay but not fantastic. I will go again soon, but for now they get a solid 4 stars.
5	Wow.  The steak burgers at this place are amazing!  When I finished my burger I almost went to order another one!  But I was saving room for their homemade custard which is also 5 stars!Can't wait to go back to try more stuff!
5	Was just brought here for the first time by my in laws.  The food was awesome. As others have said it's not a traditional burger it's a thinner chip steak type party but great flavor.  The fry sauce is great as are the shoe string Frys.  They did mess up our order a bit but the manager fixed it right away and brought the order to our table apologized for the delay.   The Custard was awesome (brownie delight sundea)  great place I will be back with my family.  Great service is so hard to find!  But we found it here!!
4	The burgers were great too bad that our orders were messed up. I also have to cut them a star because the Mountain Dew was out and they didn't have any to replace it with. I would gladly come back again I just hope my order is correct next time. They do give a military discount. I am giving an extra star because they're veteran friendly
5	My wife and I love to eat out at Freddy's. This is one of those places that I always take my out-of-town friends so they can try it. Freddy's  burgers are great, don't get me wrong they're still fast food burgers but they're as good as fast food comes. They're fries are unstoppable though, they're a thin cut fry with the perfect crisp outside and soft inside. They also use a great season salt on them. My wife loves their custards and there are a ton of options to choose from.Lastly the staff is great! You know how sometimes you go to a fast food joint and now matter how much the staff smiles you can tell they hate their lives? At Freddy's you don't get that, the staff is always happy and helpful, I always get great service here.
5	Wow!  Great food and staffed by employees and managers who are on top of everything.  Employees are always cleaning and super friendly.  This is my favorite location and I would pass other places to eat here.  I ate there today and it was great!  Smiles and quick service with great tasting food.  A winning combination!!
5	This review may just be a collection of tips, but suffice it to say that I am a fan. 1. Get a double burger. They're thin and work much better in pairs. 2. Save room for dessert. The custard is tasty3. The fries are of the "shoestring" variety (thin) and are great with their fry sauce (in the pump machine by the soft drinks AND/OR with a bit of "Freddy's Seasoning," a seasoned salt that you can get at the front counter.My kids like the chicken strips, but I have decided that the "California Burger" is my favorite. Oh, unlike In-n-Out Burger, you can get your burger with BACON on it at Freddy's. The staff at this Freddy's have been friendly and nice -- and they welcome everyone that comes into the place....almost forgot... they have sweet tea, too
5	Excellent!  Customer service is great here and food was good as well,  especially the French fries!
2	Do not go to this location on your lunch break. I have been here twice in the last month and have waited in the drive-through line over 20 minutes each time. The food is good and hot but the wait time is horrible.
5	Delicious food and always great service. I love the menu and the custard as well. Very helpful and friendly staff.
5	I was craving chili cheese fries...and looked up Freddy's on Yelp, i saw their menu and some pictures of the chili fries and they looked amazing! I got there at 10:30pm on a friday. The employee who took my order was so nice and so helpful. I ordered the chili cheese fries and I also ordered a double steak burger California style and the original one. I got my food and it smelled amazing! The drive home was so long! Haha. I tried the chili cheese fries and errmahgerrddd! So so so delicious! Then i tried the burger and it has got to be one of the most delicious burgers ive ever had. It was so tasty, did not need anything else on it. It was amazing. I will definitely be back:)
3	Quality burger and fries, nothing mind blowing. The chili is really tasty but a little pricey for "fast food." Bonus points for the fry sauce dispensers inside.
5	The food was so delicious and everyone was so polite. As you place your order the cashiers are very welcoming and not one bit rude. Austin in particular was very helpful. He was busy and I asked for a lid, then minutes later he double checked that he did give me the lid just because he was so busy. He even waited for me to gather my things and stroller and opened the doors for me without me asking. The service here is outstanding. Thanks so much!!
5	This location is very great. Employees are nice, place is nice and clean, and I love their ice cream! The burgers are a little greasy but taste great. I definitely will be coming back!
3	Enjoy Freddy's but went there today and most tables were dirty.  Not a good thing to see.    A bit more attention needs to be paid to the cleanliness of the place.    Good food but the place also needs to be properly bused...
5	even with grumpy old hens as customers the staff is so nice.  i am having a double steakburger. The neat is well seasoned and carmelized smash style. these shoe string fries are so tasty and perfectly crispy. I like how they let u season your own fries. and Yippee its time for concrete pumpkin sundae time
5	Double steak burger is amazing. So so so good. The fries are amazing. Had a dirt Sunday & it was fantastic. Haven't been inside quite yet, I have only been through the drive thru. Just about tied with in n out as my favorite burger. Idk what they do to their food, but it's great:)))
