1	I ordered flowers through ftd.com  this company was suppose to handle the order.  On Valentines day FTD and I tried to call to find out where the order was, NO ANSWER.  The next day when I spoke with them the excuse was that they were busy it was Valentines day.  Really who would of thought that would happen.  They never delivered the flowers, even though everything was at a premium.  STAY AWAY
1	I too ordered flowers through FTD and the order was handled by this florist.  Flowers were delivered and all of them were wilted.  Only two recovered but completely gone the next day.  I contacted FTD and while they were courteous they were about as much help as the guy who delivered the flowers who when asked about the condition said "That Happens".  FTD was as useless as this company in that they offered me a 20% reduction in the price - PRICE OF WHAT , NOTHING!  Called FTD twice, the first time they said they would contact the florist and deliver another arrangement.  They didn't! Called again and after I insisted on a full refund they said they would contact the florist and arrange to have the arrangement picked up and would reverse the charges. They didn't! Emailed the florist- No response.  Wish I could have looked up the previous review and never would have used this company but FTD doesn't let you know which florist you'll get.  I absolutely encourage you to stay away from this florist and I'll never use FTD again!
1	Like the others below, I ordered flowers through FTD and unfortunately the order was farmed out to Exclusive Flowers & Gifts. It's pretty embarrassing when your CLIENT has to call you and thank you for the TERRIBLE, DEAD, MURKY, ROTTING flowers that you sent to her in remembrance of her late father. What makes matters worse, is that when I requested a redelivery, I was given attitude, they insisted the original order be returned (because that's exactly what you want to do - inconvenience the RECEIVER of the gift to have to do something) and then the second batch was even worse than the first. I'll never order FTD again and I highly recommend you avoid this shop... it should be called EXCLUSIVELY CRAP FLOWERS & GIFTS.
1	My mom sent me flowers for my birthday. The man who delivered them from this company was rude and very impersonal. I text my mom a photo and said thank you and she responses saying that wasn't what she ordered. While the flowers they delivered were in fine condition, the arrangement was significantly smaller than what my mom ordered online and really did not look anything like the arrangement she ordered. Beware.
