1	Well, I just had dinner from this place and felt I had to write about it immediately. This is the second time I've had Rosati's. Last time I wasn't impressed at all. Previously I had their "double dough" pizza, which is "twice as thick" as the thin'n'crispy dough. Whatever. It wasn't great the first time. However the father-in-law has had some pizzas from the Anthem location and said he really liked it. Tonight we were looking for something quick to eat and I suggested one of the various pizza places around Surprise. Anyway, we decided to give it another chance. I went and got a take-out order of their pan-style "classic combo".The second time round, they failed miserably. I love pan pizzas, not the cracker-crust crap. The box was pretty heavy which was a good thing. I brought it home and revealed the contents, with the wife watching eagerly (it was after 9pm). The first thing that registered was a little confusion. Granted, the pizza was very thick, but it looked like someone had just poured a can of freakin peeled tomatos over the top of the pizza and then half-heartedly dusted some parmesan cheese on it. What the? I've never seen anything like it. The tomato base and chunks were on the TOP of the cooked cheese and other ingredients! Well, whatever, I figured that was probably the Sicilian way or something. Next up, both of us had to get a teflon spatula to pick up the pieces since the whole top of the pizza was soggy. The dough was still firm underneath, so after wrestling with the ultra-stringy mozzarella we busted out the TV trays and commenced dining.It tasted okay. We used knives and forks. I tend to do this rather than wind up with a hand that looks like I've just helped a cow give birth. But after the ten mins or so I spent carving my way through the morass of toppings, my third and final slice was soggy as hell - by that time the toppings had finally seeped down to the bottom of the dough. I couldn't get through it. By the time I was done, I'm not even kidding, my plate looked like what I had left in the bottom of a toilet in Portland last year when I was violently ill after having one of those churrascarria Brazilian meat shower meals. Just red muck, meat pieces and a combination of crisp and soggy pan dough. Please see the photo (camphone) I'll attach showing the pizza after we'd taken a few slices of it.I'll never go back. A complete waste of money. However, it wasn't the WORST pizza I've ever had (that honour belongs to Pizza Pizzazz in Sydney), and they MIGHT have gotten two stars if they'd remembered that 1) their pizza ingredient list on the website DIDN'T include canned tomatoes and 2) tomato base is laid on the dough FIRST before the rest of the toppings. So yeah, crossing another one off my list. Definitely the "Mozilla Firefox" of pizza joints: second rate, badly-prepared and something to be avoided by all but the terminally clueless.
1	This is a place to avoid.  They have the worst pizza crust I have ever had. We've ordered it twice just to be sure it was as bad as we thought it was, and it was!We've tried ordering some of their sandwich selections as well, and they'll do in a pinch, but today I ordered an Italian sausage with sweet peppers, that they charge .50 extra for and then are very stingy with them. The sausage was nothing to get excited about.My fiance ordered a Italian beef sandwich and said it's just missing something...So I don't think we'll be going back here again...We've given it a fair chance, and the help is really rude. They don't say hello, goodbye, thankyou...nothing.
4	Four of Canadian women were down for golfing and picked up a pizza for supper.  It was the thickest and most flavorfull pizza we have had.  The extra sauce on top made it wonderfully tasty.All four of us are thumbs up about the pizza.  It was so filling it lasted us a couple meals.  Bravo!!
4	I'm not surprised at the low rating some of the other reviewers have given Rosati's.  The first time we had it, we got the pan pizza (I love chicago style) and were rather disappointed. It tasted good, but was way too gooey and the texture was off...each slice of pizza just kind of fell apart.After that, we decided to give them another shot, and tried their thin crust.  It was MUCH better, but we still had the problem that the toppings wouldn't stay on the pizza.  It turns out that they just put too much sauce on it...if you order it with light sauce, then the toppings stay on just fine.While I don't like it as well as Grimaldi's, we order it regularly when in the mood for thin crust pizza (we're having it tonight, as a matter of fact).  I'm very comfortable recommending that folks try their thin crust pepperoni with light sauce...order it well-done for extra crispiness.
4	I don't know what people are complaining about.  There are different styles of pizza and most of the people with issues here seem to have not known which type to order.  If memory serves: the thin crust is very thin and crispy, then there's the double-dough and then pan pizza which is Chicago-style (in which case the sauce is supposed to be served on top).  Normally, we get the thin crust pizza which is very tasty, but when I'm allowing myself to have "piggy day," I get the deep dish which is SOO good!  I haven't tried the double dough.  I'm guessing that the people with the crust complaints either didn't order the pizza they intended to or they were misunderstood (which isn't a great thing to have happen, but it does happen in life).Overall, for pizza in Surprise, my first pick is NYPD, but Rosati's is very doable.  My only gripe is that they are a bit pricey, even with coupons.
4	I'm from Chicago and I have to say Rosatis has a very good thin crust pizza. Their sausage also has the seasonings I am accustomed to from back home. I order Rosatis when I'm in the mood for a softer crust and lots of gooey cheese. Lastly, how can you eat pizza without Hot Giardinera peppers? Their peppers are GREAT!
4	Still searching for that best pizza in the valley! Since our favorite was at Bronco Billies, and they recently closed down! Since Rosati's was across the street, we had to give them a try! We ordered a thin crust, pepperoni, green peppers, cooked well done. I was surprise with the burst of flavor. I do wish they would have cooked the pizza even longer! Crust were not crispy enough. We also tried their garlic bread, and jalapeno popper! Again, they should have been cooked just a little bit longer. Over all we were very happy with their food! We will come back again!!
1	I've eaten Rosati's for years and this is the first time I've had a problem with them.  The pizza was cold, slimy and falling apart when we got it.  It was completely inedible; we called to have a replacement pizza delivered and they got lost.  How do you get lost when you were just here!?  I called and spoke to Katie the manager and advised her of my concerns and asked her what had changed because we've always had great pizza and service from Rosati's.  I asked her if this we should expect from now on and her only response was to offer our money back.  Again I asked, frustrated!!!  What has changed and she stated we have new owners.  If this is how the new owners are going to allow food to come out of their kitchen then say goodbye to another business because that will not work in a town inundated with pizza joints...
1	The manager Stan is a joke. Had a horrible attitude with me because I asked for my pizza to be redone since my first was burnt and stale. When my husband went back to get them he witnessed the manager yell at another customer " look at this .... now is this good enough for you?" He thought the woman was me! Then we watched as he yelled at his employee for trying to help him. Bottom line sucky food high prices and HORRIBLE service.
4	Although the pizza is a bit expensive, I love this pizza! The deep dish is my favorite, but I also enjoy the thin crust as well. I ordered it for the family and worried that my father and 15 year old niece wouldn't like it as much as I do. They both thought it was "pretty good" so everyone was happy. I just wish they had a place to sit to order lunch. All in all, I will always come back here to enjoy a good pizza.
1	Nope.  Wanted to like this place.  Was misquoted price for delivery on phone.  We were told $17 on the phone when the credit card was charged.  On delivery the receipt was for $28.  For a 16 inch pizza.  The customer service was not good from beginning to end.  Never a good sign.  The pizza reminded me nothing of Chicago pizza in taste.  It's like they added enormous amounts of fat and salt with no taste benefit.  I see this place getting a complete management/owner overhaul or go out of business sooner than later.
2	I love Rosati's Pizza, but the Rosati's in Surprise is not on my list of happy places anymore. We usually order delivery, thin crust, which comes brimming with tasty toppings: sausage, mushrooms, onions, more cheese than a dairy farm in Wisconsin, and a richly balanced sauce. Yummy enough. But two recent attempts at carry out left a bad taste in my mouth...or to be accurate, no taste once, and disappointed taste the second time. I'd seen ads saying you could buy slices at Rosati's at lunchtime. Turns out the lunch window is etched in stone. Show up late, and you get nothing. Second time, I watched the clock, came on time, and ordered two slices with sausage and onion. No! The horror! Rosati's will not sell you something so complicated. You want a slice? Plain, or pepperoni. Or get out. How hard is it to slap on the topping, add a few dollars to the bill, and make the customer happy?Apparently it is much too hard, and for that ridiculous policy, my Rosati's days are now over. It didn't help that the men who took my slice order looked at me like I'd ruined their day by coming in, or that they couldn't bother to thank me. Ciao, Rosati's. You won't be missed.
4	I just ordered the deep dish pizza and it was great. I cannot say the same for their cheese fries. But the tomatoes taste like they are homemade.
1	This place should be closed down.  The smell in there is horrible.  The food taste as bad as it smells.  The calzones are a joke so much bread and all the toppings fall out of the gaping whole on the bottom of the crust.  The crust was so tasteless.  Also beware on the menu it says they have perch fish however it is not perch but cod.  They won't bother to tell you unless you ask.  I don't know what happened to this place I used to love it. I will never order from here again.
4	Ever since we tried their pizza, we never ordered anywhere else. Never been to their establishment, we only order delivery. The "Monster" is just awesome, our personal favorite. Delivery is fast and friendly, too.
4	4.4/5 Stars - Best of the smaller regional "chain" pizza places. Only place in AZ that does both thin crust and thick crust well. Also the only place that does take-out pasta well. Best things to order are the pepperoni classic thin crust, stuffed pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms, or the chicken parmesan pasta (with penne instead of fettuccini)
2	Two stars because the over priced Chicago style pizza was decent. If I rated it based on the chicken parm it would be ZERO. Ordered it, went to pick it up...15 'min after my scheduled finish time...it still wasn't done. Then when we brought it home it was like mush, the chicken was obviously breaded then just baked with the noodles and sauce...the bread crumbs slid off. It literally was not even edible. The staff is friendly when u call...even though I mentioned to the guy there was a coupon which he said there wasn't and lo and behold there was actually a coupon in the bag... Won't be back which stinks since they are right by my house.
1	We just moved to the Surprise area and wanted to try out local pizza places. We got a menu in the mail from this place so we gave it a shot. Delivery took over an hour for just one pizza and one order of cheese sticks. The pizza was not good and all it was a simple pepperoni and cheese thin crust. Most likely will not reorder from this place again.
2	Their standards are becoming less and less desirable.
5	We moved here from Chicago, and this is the best pizza place we've found in the area.  The food is always consistent and ready at the pick-up time.  Couldn't ask for better ingredients and taste!  We wish they would start delivering to our side of Bell road, but other than that - fantastic!!!
3	Rosati's is right around the corner so we have ordered quite a few times.  80% of the time you get a great pizza.  We usually get the thin crust, the double dough is good but just a lot of bread. Their Italian beef sami's are great, lots of meat and cheese.   Every so often you get a blah pizza.  The  crust is really dry and its just kinda eh. If you are looking for cheap pizza this is not the place to go.
3	Was craving pasta so decided to try Rosatis since they had delivery. I ordered on line and the food was at my door in 45min. The breaded cauliflower was yummy (Only bummed they forgot to send the ranch). The lasagna was also very good! We also got the penne Alfredo with chicken. It was OK. The chicken in it was kinda rubbery. All in all, it was a good experience. I would definitely order from here again in the future.
5	THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE PIZZA, ONLY.This pizza (sausage, pepperoni, garlic, X-cheese) was awesome.  I ordered the thin crust.  I am not a fan of thin crust, but wanted to try.  The dough (crispy) was perfect.  The pizza had the right amount of herbs and spices.  It tasted a bit salty, but I have found that when corn meal is used as the paddle layering, the taste is always a bit salty.  The corn meal, rather than flour, is the perfect layering for the oven.  I'm going to have to try the standard crust, just to compare, but this is the best I have had in this area.  Nino's in Glendale is close, but that shop is too far to bring back a hot pizza.  And, it is the best I have had since moving here from Philadelphia.
