5	Love the Sorge!These people are fantastic-o! Really fair prices. Great customer service.
1	We were not impressed at all. We took the time to sit down with one of their accountants and explained exactly what we needed them to do for our businesses. Spent at least an hour and a half going thru everything and provided them with all the information they needed. They told us they understood and sold us on their services - but clearly they either didn't understand or were incapable of doing anything that didn't fit into their rigid structure. A quarter later we called to follow up and we got a "I'm too busy for you right now" reply. Not cool. Three months after that we realized they weren't doing anything we asked and we tried to find out what happened. Instead of owning up to their mistake - they tossed insults at us and acted like our earlier conversation never happened! When we took our complaint to the owner we got a very robotic apology with no attempt to make things better. Clearly this company doesn't work well with others.
1	For tax levys, late paperwork, and apologies after the fact, come to Sorge!  We had every penny in our accounts levied by the state because Sorge didn't do what they agreed to do in a timely manner.  In fact, they never did it at all, just "forgot about it!"  Wife is 8 months pregnant and ALL of our money (thousands) we saved for the baby coming is gone!
1	Well, let's begin with the owners son who made my pregnant wife feel like a complete idiot.  We don't know anything about accounting, that's why we hire an accountant.  Then we are asked to put down a $300 retainer like they don't trust we'll pay the money to get the work done.  Then once retainer is paid, we are put on the backburner and ignored and sent bills for over $1000 over the next few months just to get our year end taxes done!  Then we ask to have help closing the business out with the government and are made promises that everything will be completed.  Now 6 months later, my wife had every penny (thousands) taken from her account by the state because nothing was ever done and the state is still charging my wife Unemployment Insurance taxes ($2000+) that she doesn't actually owe because the business was closed in February!  Guess what, Sorge said they'd fix it for us if we paid a $300 retainer again!
