5	Well, it's not normally a good thing if I have to come here, and today isn't any different. Today's visit called for a tooth extraction. We will get back to that in a minute though. I stopped by last Wednesday for my consultation with Dr. Shah. Minimal waiting in the waiting room and once I was in the office there was minimal waiting also. The staff was super friendly as they explained my sedation and painkilling options. After that they led me back to the front desk, they explained the payment process and exactly what my insurance covered. They even gave me my prescriptions that day so I could get them filled before my procedure.So this morning I stroll on in, pay my balance at the front desk, and they lead me into the "procedure room" I guess we'll call it. Nitrous for 5 minutes, Novocaine injection then wait another 5. Doctor comes in, cracks a joke, 5 minutes later (if even) were done and I'm on my way.  Hopefully I will never have to come back here but if I did I would not mind since the service was exceptional.
5	I just moved to Tempe 4 weeks ago and didn't expect to need an oral surgeon this soon.  Luckily my dentist referred me to Dr. Nish Shah for a mucoid cyst removal.  He told me that Dr. Shah was the best and that as both an MD and a DMD and having done extensive surgical residency training that there would be no better doctor to take care of me.  He was so right.  Not only was Dr. Shah personable, extremely knowledgable  and technically quite skilled, his entire office staff was so helpful, so friendly and just a pleasure to be around.  Starting with the woman who helped figure out my insurance issue (I had out of state insurance) including the welcoming front office staff, and I have to give a special shout out to Dr. Shah's assistant Andie (Andrea) who has just the greatest bedside manner and was very comforting to be around and also very skilled at assisting Dr. Shah.  Hopefully I won't need another procedure anytime soon, but if I do I will return to the very competent hands of Dr. Shah and his entire office staff!!
5	The experience couldn't have gone any better. Minimal waiting; his whole staff is nice and pleasant,; and the procedures went through without any problems. He also took the time to answer any questions I had. I had a tooth extraction and implant done with him. He even called me after work to make sure I was doing ok.
5	I've been to this office three times, once for a consultation for wisdom teeth extraction, once for the actual extraction, and once for a follow up visit.  All visits went extremely well, the staff is friendly and very helpful, as well as Dr. Shah.  The quality of work done for my extraction was excellent.  I had heard horror stories from other friends regarding extraction, but I had very little pain afterwards for mine.  The staff took care of me after the operation, and helped me call a taxi cab to get home afterwards.  They did a great job of explaining what would happen and how to take care of my teeth after the surgery.  Dr Shah also called me personally the night after the surgery to see how I was doing.  I definitely did not expect that to happen!I would recommend this office to anyone who needs wisdom teeth extraction.
