4	I have only had the Cheese Soup in a bread bowl here, but it is worthy of four stars.  My boyfriend has had the BLT and he said it was good, not that you can really mess up a BLT.  They have a large sandwich menu, soups, salads and sides.
4	Wanted something different for lunch, went to Yelp and bam!  Rhonda had just put in a review for a place 5 minutes away.  It was fate!Dilly's Deli was easy to fine, had lots of parking and a great mix of student and business customers.  As if the bucket of Dr. Brown's Soda wasn't enough to make me like it, "Looking for love in all the wrong places" was playing. (Followed by Van Halen's Animal. Interesting transition...)  Menu is simple, sandwiches, wraps, salads and soup, and combos available for any 2 of those things.  I noticed they use Boars Head meat, which is nice. I got a 1/2 sandwich small soup - which actually less than a full sandwich at $6.29.  The sandwich was on a soft Italian style bread, cut at an angle.  Made for a better sandwich than I thought as it was toasted just a bit, but oh so soft on the inside.  The chicken salad was great.   And the small soup they gave came in a bread bowl - SO awesome.  It wasn't sourdough as I'd hoped, but it was a nice white.  That Wisconsin cheddar soup was way too yummy.  It felt more like bread dip.  And since I got mine to go, I got the whole loaf w/ soup on the side so I could create it myself once it was ready to be eaten.The place is cute with nice outdoor and indoor seating.  Definitely a new regular spot for lunch!
4	if you live in tempe, this has to be a staple to your menu. good, fat sandwiches on thick slices of toasted bread.always have new england chowder - and you get the bread bowl even if you get it to go, very nice.i had the greek salad and thought it was kind of bad. but other than that, this place is killer.usually super packed during lunch time because of proximity to ASU, and parking can be a pain during those time.
4	What the hell is a Dilly?  Dill is a pickle, and there's Piccadilly, both the circus and the old folks buffet.  Is Dilly a person?  Is Dilly some ante-bellum dance?   Whatever a dilly is, it's also a very high quality restaurant. Dilly's features exceptionally fine bread and Boar's head meats.   Admittedly, the sandwiches and wraps they offer really aren't my cup of tea, but the southwestern club I had was chock-full of quality ingredients and service was prompt and cheerful.   I also enjoyed the cream of broccoli soup in a breadbowl.   I've had better breadbowls and definitely had better soup, but everything seemed fresh and the place was packed so I'm tempted to think my pallete may just be unrefined.    With wraps, sandwiches, 4 kinds of sides (namely ridiculously fresh and tasty fruit) and half sandwich/salad/soup options Dilly's is a great lunch tim get-away.
4	Be sure to call in your order at Dilly's if youre going for lunch.  Its packed every weekday and you do end up waiting for a bit.   But its a good atmosphere if you have to wait, Tempe business folks and college students alike enjoy meals here.  There is seating outside and inside is always clean.  I really like Dill's sandwhiches and soups...quality ingredients (Boar's Head meat) and awesome bread.  Although I will say the bread outweighs the insides of the sandwhich usually, and that annoys me.  I go for extra meat and cheese and take half home, but thats just me.
4	Easily Dilly's Deli is my sandwich shop of choice in Tempe.  I think I must luck out when it comes to the weekday ASU/Downtown Tempe crowds, because I never have had much of a wait here.  The sandwiches here are superior: Boar's Head meats and thick luscious sliced bread made from scratch.  I never go wrong with the dark brown cracked wheat.  My usual order here is the Southwestern club (turkey, bacon, avocado, pepper jack cheese, red onions and raspberry honey mustard), although the Smokey Mountain and Buffalo Chicken are tasty as well.  The Southwestern club is comparable to the Turkey Chipotle wrap from Paradise Bakery if you're into that.Now that it's cooling down, I'll be up for the bread bowl soup thang so I'll def. update you all on the soup.Dilly's is more pricey than your typical sandwich place, but worth it I think.  Lunch with a soda ran me 9 bucks.
4	Its small and it can get really busy so try to go on the fringes of the lunch hour if you want to get a seat or avoid a wait.  The sandwiches are huge but I wish that my chicken Caesar wrap had more dressing in it....it was kind of dry without it.  (I actually ended up just taking it out of the wrap and eating it like a salad.)  I've heard they have pretty good clam chowder so I'm going to have to check that out if we ever get a day that is cool enough to warrant warm, creamy chowder.
4	Mmm bread. Mmm sandwich. Mmm soup. I've been going to this place forever for all my sandwich needs. They provide it every...single...time.
5	I do like the dill. The brocolli soup bread bowl got me through many a stoned afternoon in my ASU days, and I hope it's still as good!Once I dropped the vegetarian bull, I started ordering sandwiches here and was always delighted by the quality of the meats and cheeses and the freshness of the bread. It gets incredibly crowded  as one might expect, but that's okay. It's totally worth it.
4	Can this place make a sandwich or what!?!  I continue over and over again to bring friends to this place for lunch...Just to eat the bread!The soup in a bread bowl is killer!  The bread used for sandwiches is killer!  The students that frequent the place for lunch is killer!  and the parking will kill you if you come at lunch...Very difficult to park there...so be prepared!I give it a four out of five stars because of the parking situation , otherwise it would get a five star!
4	Some of the best sandwiches west of the Mississippi!  The salads are good too, as are the fresh baked goods (i.e. cookies.)  I've seen a lot of friends slurp down and devour the soup in bread bowls too, so I imagine they are most excellent.  My only qualm with the place is the strange smell.  Whenever I do lunch there, I leave smelling like a french fry, even though they don't fry anything there.  What gives?  Still, despite this annoyance, I keep coming back for more delicious food.
4	I have no idea who Dilly is but they sure know how to make sandwiches!!!  I have devoured many a delicious meal from this joint and they have never disappointed me.  The interior lacks much creativity but who really cares when you are scarfing down some of the best sandwiches in the valley? The vibe is very college and laid back.  It can get hectic around lunch so if you go keep in mind that it might  take a while.
5	Dilly's Deli is a great lunch time spot.  My coworker suggested going because it is her favorite soup place, she loves the potato. I usually call ahead because it gets crowded.  They have the best soups, very creamy with lots of flavor.  I'm not big on chunky soups, so I like the crab and lobster bisque (only served on Fridays) and the Wisconsin cheese.  The chicken noodle is good too, lots of noodles in a creamy broth.  I like the sandwiches too, the Southwest (comes with sweet honey mustard) and chicken salad (has lots of dill) are my favorites.  The more traditional sandwich options, like the dilly bird, are kinda boring and bland to be honest. So, go with the more adventurous sandwiches.  I probably end up here once a week for lunch, it's hard to resist!
3	Meh....I mean, everybody (from work to here) tells me that Dillys Deli is awesome.  So, maybe I went there with my expectations a little high...But all i got was leaving the place smelling like a Dilly and feeling a little underwhelmed.I got the vegetarian sandwich, which the cashier told me that the mushrooms were grilled.  (Negative...not cooked at all) It was alright, nothing to write home about. The pasta salad was just, well, pasta salad.  But my cookie was really yummy.So, my review is...meh....
5	Everytime I'm in AZ, I have to hit Dilly's at least once for lunch. The sandwiches are great and I really enjoy the wraps (maybe even more). The Poore Bros. chips are amazing! Can't go wrong with any of the choices on the menu.
3	The food was very good. I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich. The chicken was very tender and definitely a large size portion. However, the service was not great. The cashier who rung me up was extremely unfriendly and when I asked a question about the menu, he just stared at me instead of clearing up my confusion. After all of that, I was overcharged for my lunch and left feeling extremely frustrated for not even getting the combo meal that I paid for.Food A.....Service F.
4	I need to get myself over to Dilly's Deli soon- I have not been in awhile.  I really liked the potato soup in the bread bowl--- wow!  SO good.  So am craving it now.  The lunch line would get really long though, if you can avoid the lunch rush, I would and go at an off-beat hour instead.The bread is all really good here and the prices were good too.
4	Went to Dilly's for the first time and thought it rang a bell...obviously not realizing it's widespread Yelp success. Being in the dead heat of summer I can't really go for soups, other than gazpacho soup.which I have yet to find in Phoenix.  Went with my girlfriend. I had a very delicious and filling "Gobbler" (Turkey, lettuce, cream cheese, cranberry sauce and mayo), very similar to those familiar with Sack's Improv sandwich. She had a Mexiwrap. Had a bite of it and found it a bit clayish and clumpy not to mention that there were a lot of jalapenos. Other than, definitely worth another visit. As all other good places, just wish they had more locations, at least through Scottsdale.
4	Pretty good. The bread is a bit greasy for me though. Extra points for using Boards Head meat and having so many different mustards and sauces. The soup in the bread bowl is the highlight of the day. I like the chicken noodle. It's so bad for you but worth it every once in a while.I also feel 90 years old when I eat at this location. I'm not even 30 but the college kiddies look at me like, bitch please.
4	Great place to pick up a great sandwich. Close to where I work so its good for me and I have been eating here for years.The only drawback here is that they aren't cheap. For good food though, I think the price is most often worth it.
5	Dilly's is pratically perfect! They have a slew of sandwiches you can choose from and every single one I have tried has been outright delicious! I always come back to the chicken salad sandwich on white though. It is probably the best chicken salad sandwich I have ever had and you know Ive had plenty in my day! Their bread is fresh and they toast it perfectly. They also have some of the best bread bowls this side of San Francisco! They have a few different soups and you can mix and match any of them, I usually go with the cheese soup mixed with the cream of broccoli. The bread bowl is so good that I cant help but devour the whole thing! Its pretty cheap too for what you get! A huge sandwich and large bread bowl is only like $8.50, which is, again, totally amazing for how much frickin' delicuous food you receive! Overall I give this place a "Mmmm sandwich and soup, cant go wrong here!"
4	Dilly's Deli reminds me of an East Coast Deli because of how good their bread for sandwiches and soup bowls are! Plus, they have so many options its ridiculous and their lunch special for 1/2 sandwich, drink, and chips is unbeatable. I'm a total sucker for their Veggie Supreme sandwich, I love anything with cream cheese and alfalfa sprouts. It sounds weird but don't knock it 'til you try it.
4	Ok. My boyfriend has been trying to get me to come here for months. However, I am not a sandwich lover, so I've always refused to come with him for lunch. Once we actually pulled up here (I didn't know that this was where we were going) and parked and I made him leave. I'm usually not this difficult about food, but I like hot food and always think of sandwiches as cold. We went to Samurai Sam's instead that day and now I know what a huge mistake I made. I tried Dilly's Deli for the first time yesterday and I loved it! I got half a Yahoo sandwich (roast beef, melted Swiss, mushrooms, and onions) and a creamy chicken noodle soup which comes with a bread bowl. Both were delish and cost only $6.29. I'm craving both again as I write this. I will have to try another one of their soups when I come back. This location does get pretty busy. We stopped by for a late lunch and just beat the crowds that came in about 5 minutes after us.
5	A huge fan of Dilly's Deli!The first time I had it, a friend brought it back from a long lunch so it wasn't anything I was amazed about. A while later I went with some friends and I've loved it ever since. I usually get the Gobbler (turkey, cranberry sauce, cream cheese, lettuce) and chicken noodle soup, which never fails please me. I converted one of my friends from Bison Witches to Dilly's. Yum!
4	When I lived in Arizona for a time, this was one of my favorite places to go for sandwiches.  It certainly beat Subway and Schlotzky's by a long shot.  The sandwiches are prepared fresh and the cashier's didn't mind had soda in our "water" cups.  Shh, don't tell them that, lol.  It was one of the few good places I ate that I do miss about Arizona.  Everything else is pretty much forgotten.
5	Oh YAY, a yummy sammy in AZ!  Went here last week and got the Gobbler sandwich on wheat with chipotle coleslaw.  YUMMMMM.The bread was perfectly toasty in a not-ripping-the-roof-of-my-mouth kind of way, and the inside of the sandwich was tasty, with perfect portions of each piece.  The coleslaw was tasty, and had just the right amount of dressing on it.I feel like I MUST go to Dilly's each time I go to AZ now....
5	I've gone here twice in the 3 days since I moved to Tempe and am extremely grateful to have found this gem (thanks Yelp!).  I eat between 5-10 sandwiches a week and have no doubt that I will be getting several of those from Dilly's.The first time I ordered a sandwich, I was a bit put off by the thickness of the bread;  I did not want the bread to overwhelm or disguise the flavor of the meats/cheeses/sauce.  However, the bread (foccacia) was actually quite soft and complemented the sandwich (the Smokey Mountain) quite well.  Nonetheless, I would warn that if you really are opposed to eating a relatively large amount of bread with your sandwich, you might prefer something else, or perhaps one of the wraps offered here (though I haven't tried any of those yet).Also, it'd be nice if nutritional information were made available on the website.  One of the main reasons that 80% of my sandwich consumption has been at Subway/Cosi/Potbelly is that I know the nutritional content of what I'm eating.  I hope to come here as many times as possible before the ASU onslaught begins in a few weeks...I hope the lines aren't out the door when classes start...although I suppose I will just eat lunch at 2 if that's the case.
4	dilly's has to be one of my favorite sandwich shops of all time. they have such a wide variety of choices that anyone who comes can pick something to suit their taste buds. i always go for the blazin buffalo because i eat wing sauce on nearly everything. boars head meats on all their sandwiches which is great but jacks the price up quit a bit. a sandwich, drink, and a side was about $10. i went with the pasta salad as a side, which was nothing special, your average run of the mill pasta salad. my sandwich on this particular visit was lacking a sufficient amount of buffalo sauce and i neglected to ask for extra before i left, assuming that they wouldn't be stingy with it. the bread is good, they toast it so it tends to get soggy if you take it to go. the bread bowls are good too, i've had the clam chowder and chicken noodle and i recommend both.service here is usually quite slow. even when it's not busy in there, like today around 2, i had to wait 10 minutes to get my sandwich and even saw some guy who was two people behind me get his order before me. when it's busy, you're going to be waiting even longer. they need to pick up the pace.
5	It's a strange thing:  I first moved to Phoenix in 2004.  I moved to Southern California and then BACK to Phoenix in 2008.While in Southern California, I was legitimately homesick for this place.  I missed how easily accessible everything was.  Phoenix may indeed be a spread-out city but that's nothing in comparison to So. Cal.  You can easily make it here without a car.  We have the light rail and a pretty decent bus system.  The Orbit in Tempe is free, for God's sake.A lot of things made me miss the place.  One thing in particular, as strange as it sounds, was Dilly's Deli.  Before I moved away from Arizona, I had only eaten at Dilly's twice and both times it was an amazing experience.  I love that they put the sandwich on that thing that simultaneously grills and smooshes my sandwich into this toasty creation of genius.The prices are more than I feel like paying most of the time, but every so often I get a ghostly smell of Dilly's all up in my nose... a nasal memory of something.  It's like my nose is zoning out and decides to remember how certain things smell.  Sometimes, Dilly's becomes so fresh in my mind and it weirds me out a little bit.This place is perfect for dining under a lot of different circumstances.  It's great for days off where you slept in way too late, it's past 11:00 a.m. and you're starving.  You'll plug your gut up good.  It's good if you just hanging out, too.  I always liked the interior.  I always enjoyed just chilling and taking my time and eating there, waiting for 6:00 to roll around to hit up a movie or go to a show or something.If you have a buddy coming in from out of town, Dilly's Deli would be a good choice to bring them to for lunch.
1	I have only had take-out while at work from here. I would never go there to eat. What is the deal with the giant bread? I can never order anything hot because it won't be when I get it. I kow a lot of people like it and maybe it is what they order and what I order, but I just have NEVER liked anything I have gotten from this place!
5	Now that I'm living in AZ full time, I need to hit Dilly's as often as I can. The sandwiches and wraps are still great! The Poore Bros chips are still fantastic. I'm a big fan of the BBQ Ranch flavor. I never stray from the goodness of these flavor of chips.My favorites sandwiches are the humdinger, dilly club and then the mexi, southwest and chicken cesar wrapsYou can't go wrong with any of the sandwich choices on the menu. The cookies are very tasty!All sandwiches and wraps are $6.99 and come with your choice of a side and a pickle spear.During the peak lunch hour, you wait in line a bit or struggle to find a table to sit.. Order usually come out within 5-10 minutes during peak time.
2	I had lunch here with a coworker. I ordered the Humdinger, really just because I wanted to say it. It was underwhelmingly average...Nothing really stood out for me. It was busy, the service was average and the thick bread sandwich was similar to Schlotzsky's.  I could go again or I could skip it. It was just okay for me, dog.
4	Dilly's Deli became part of my vocab when I was a sophomore at ASU, I was with my fellow SAA crew and one of the girls had me take a bite of her Mexi-wrap, and after that first mmmmmmm everything else is history. There are 4 sandwich items that I commonly order of the Dilly board and that is: Dilly Bird, the Dilly Club, the Southwestern Club and the Gobbler all can be paired with the YUMMIEST chicken noodle soup in a bread boule. I love the toasted bread, the hefty sandwiches, the meat used, and the overall taste. There are times I crave Dilly's and during those rare cold overcast days we get during winter in the valley, I head over at times to my closest Dilly's (in S. Chandler) or drive to the Dilly's by campus on University Dr. and have a chicken noodle soup *yum*... we Sun Devils are just plain lucky!
5	This is another one of my absolute favorite spots, I hit it up consistently at least once a week for lunch. My favs are the Dilly Club and their chicken noodle soup. Everything is super fresh, aside from the random slightly stale breadbowl (although if you get one that's super fresh, it's like heaven!) It can get a little hectic in there, especially during peak lunch times, but the service is usually pretty good, they've only messed up my order on two occassions and they corrected it promptly. If you haven't had a Dilly's experience yet, go with the half sandwich/small soup combo, the soups are phenomenal and they all go well with the sandiwches. I usually break down and get a cookie, too...the double chocolate or the M&M are both equally worth checking out.
3	I enjoy a good sandwich just like anybody else and Dilly's does a decent job.While they use quality ingredients, their style of sandwich isn't really my favorite. I had the full sandwich portion and it is a generous helping, unfortunately, it's mostly bread. For me, the best kind of sandwich focuses on what's between the slices and serves up plenty of it.The service was surprisingly efficient. There was a pretty big line of people when I walked in, but the staff managed the crowd very well and kept the line moving. I didn't have to wait long for my order either. They have a good system in place to get your order out in a reasonable amount of time.I'll go back to Dilly's eventually, but it's not something I'll ever crave or go out of my way for. I want to give their soup a try; the bread bowls looked promising. If I'm in that area and craving soup, I'll stop in again.
5	MMMMMMMMMMDilly's!    I meet my son and his work crew here every Thursday for lunch. What a treat!  Chris goes for the enchilada soup, that's their soup of the day. The way it's served is awesome, in a huge bread bowl. What's not to love? I crave the 'Gobbler' sandwich, sliced turkey,with cranberry sauce, cream cheese and other goodies. MMMMMM, you also get a choice of side with it , and they are all good. Price is right for what you get, huge portions of fresh baked bread and fresh ingredients. Always a delicious meal!
5	This place is so good,  every soup is quality.  Make sure to go on Mondays for the French Onion
3	Let me start by saying this is a GENEROUS 3 stars. If we could half star, this would be a solid 2.5. I am a big fan of the sandwich, this much is true. However, the Dilly's Deli sandwich leaves much to be desired. Unless of course by sandwich, you mean two ginormous slices of bread with very little in between them, then this is the perfect sandwich for you!I've been to Dilly's several dozen times since it's a whole mile and a half from my office, and I prefer the cheap and easy route more often than not during my lunch break. While Dilly's may be easy, cheap it is not. $8 for a half a sandwich and tiny ass cup of soup is just not cheap to me, maybe it is to you, but well, then you'd be wrong.I was coming down with a cold earlier this week (pretty much the only time I'll go to Dilly's anymore due to their wide selection of soups) and decided to make the trip. Please note that I was only going for a big bowl of soup. I also decided to get the Mexi Wrap because I thought the jalapenos might help clear my sinuses a bit. MISTAKE!!!By the time I got back to my office (under 5 minutes, swear to god,) my soup was luke warm at the very best, and my Mexi Wrap was pretty much a pound of sour cream wrapped in a tortilla. Obviously not what I was looking for, not to mention sick!The only saving grace of this entire meal was the brownie I bought. That delicious brownie alone is what made me benevolent enough to round up rather than round down.I will give them another shot after I've moved on from that fiasco of a lunch, however if I am served cold soup one more time I am gone for good, I don't care how close they are to my office.
2	Presentation was good, with a cute little mini bread bowl and the sandwiches looked stuffed. And I stress the word "looked." The bread had a nice soft consistency but the crust on the bread was HUGE. But the soup was a bit salty, one sandwich had cheese only down one side (so each half only had cheese under my left hand when I held it) and the other sandwich they forgot to put cheese on altogether. The Humdinger is supposed to be topped with "chipotle" coleslaw but all I could taste in that slaw was the pepper from the pastrami. It was kind of pricey, too. I'm not so much into paying $18 for heartburn and some farts. Next time, I'll go to Bison Witch.
5	Love love love this place. I dream of it and would frequent it when I lived in AZ. The soup in a bread bowl and sandwiches are to die for. In my opinion this is the best deli in Arizona. I want to go there right now just thinking about it.
4	Man, what a sandwich. I called in my order (for the Dilly Club - no tomato) and it was ready when I picked it up. In addition to my sandwich I ordered a couple of their Valentine's Day sugar cookies because a portion of the proceeds when to the Phoenix Children's Hospital - which made me feel good :}the sandwich was flavorful and VERY filling, the cookies were awesome - though I got kinda sick after eating one because they were huge! and very rich.
4	It pains me to say that DD no longer has The Gobbler :-[I don't know if/when I'll be back....
3	I've always been a fan of the Dilly Bird sandwich and their soup bread bowls!!! The location is easy to access, there's ample parking, and the lunchtime rush isn't too bad. This is a bread heavy place so if you're scared of carbs you probably don't want to go here... but their sandwiches are pretty good. I definitely missed this place when I wasn't in Arizona.
5	It's the perfect little soup and sandwich spot.  Dilly's has a few locations around the valley and all of them are wonderful.The Hot Sandwiches are huge and filling, and they come with a classic side (potato salad, pasta salad, coleslaw, etc) and a pickle. Dilly's also changes up their menu a little bit every now and then. While it's a shame to see some of my favorites go, it's great that I can walk in and try something new.Their soups are also phenomenal and come in a bread bowl. I recommend asking them to mix the potato soup with the cheese soup... Amazing! The salads are weak, but unless you're ordering one in a combo, it's not really what anyone is there for.
4	One of three great Dilly's locations locally. I love the ability to get either a big, fat, honkin', juicy pastrami sammich, or something light and healthy. Both taste great, and it means Dilly's is a great spot for a group with a wide range of lunch tastes.
4	Get your toasted sub here instead of dealing with the potheads at the Cheba.  They taste better and there is actually room to sit.
4	For many years, Dilly's was my saving grace for a lunchtime option when I worked in Tempe. Although I could never escape the smell of fresh bread for the rest of the day, the quality of sandwich was worth the smell. Dilly's is a great deli if you need to get in and out in a timely manner while still being able to enjoy a decent meal along the way. Whether it's their salads or sandwiches, I am a fan of whatever they serve. Don't get me started on the sugar cookies. Those little bits of baking delight probably cost me a pound or two, but it was worth every bite. Any deli that serves fresh avocado gets a star in my book and not only does Dilly's serve it, they pile it on. The bread is always fresh (hence the smell) and the sandwiches are served with just the right amount of warmth to them. If you visit, here are my top choices:- If you like cream cheese and avocado, go with the Dilly Bird - Veggie supreme but add turkey- Honey Do if you are a fan of honey mustard - Greek Wrap - Clam Chowder Enjoy!
4	We grabbed some dinner here last night before catching a show at Gammage. We were the ONLY people in this place, yet the staff acted like they were slammed, very short with us and it took quite some time for our order to come out.The food was good, though the bread bowls that the soup came in tasted like they were a few days old, very dry and crumbly vs the normal super fresh tasting bread bowls you get here.
4	I've gone here twice now and I can say this place is pretty awesome for a quick sandwich, especially compared to those chains like Subway that can get extremely old after awhile. Dilly's is reasonably priced and has fresh bread as well as Boar's Head brand meats which are always bomb!
4	The only minor complaint I have with this place is that it feels kinda like a subway inside. Other than that it's top notch. Very simple yet creative sandwich recipes and the prices aren't bad either. The Dilly Bird sandwich is awesome. It's Turkey, cream cheese, avocado and Mayo. Delicious. :)
4	Better than a Jimmy Johns and Jersey Mikes and Subway. They offer a good selection of sandwiches and breads. I had the Humdinger (Pastrami, pepper jack cheese, chipotle slaw) which is pricer ($7.49) but its a hearty sandwich including a side. Normally I consume a foot long at Subway but I only finished half my sandwich here.Born and raised in the SF, the city of the best crusty hearty sour dough bread, I have never seen a white loaf bread bowl. The bread bowl had no chance of holding up to the soup nor is it pleasant to eat afterwards. It absorbs the liquid and becomes completely soggy.
4	A delightful sandwich shop. Breads and bread bowls are made in house. All soups are served with a bread bowl. Their potato soup is, how you say...da-bomb! Side salads are good too. They have a wide selection of sides you can choose to accompany your sandwich. You also get a nice crunchy pickle with a hint of garlic, very tasty! I like all of their sandwiches! When I ate meat, my fav was the Southwestern Club: pepper turkey, bacon, pepper jack, avocado, red onion, and their delicious raspberry honey mustard. Their wraps are good too! Now I get the veggie supreme: cream cheese, swiss cheese, tomato, cucumber, sprouts, lettuce, mushrooms, and instead of ranch I usually get one of the honey mustards. Beware! If you eat inside you will smell heavily of bread! No joke, no way around it. No matter who you are, you are not safe from the bread smell. You will smell bad when you leave. Can't smell it? We can! Haha and it smells like bread BO. Best advice, order quickly, sit outside, and drive back home or to work with your car windows down. We at the office know to do this as well as turn our desk fans on and spray extra perfume. Haha. You don't smell good. You smell gross. The food is great though!
5	I bought a groupon and Im glad I did! The food was excellent and the tea was very refreshing. I will go back for sure!!
4	Huge sandwiches and awesome bread bowls. I love the lobster bisque on Fridays in a bread bowl. Good selection of breads if you dont like the one recommended for the sandwich. For me bread makes or breaks a sandwich and theirs are money.
4	Delicious sandwiches and soups.  I'm surprised that this place is priced about the same as Subway and Silvermines yet their food is way better.  Interior is a bit boring but hey who cares about that when you have good food!  *If you join lunch club from my ticket, you get 20% off your lunch bill here
4	What can I say? Dilly's Deli is a classic in the Tempe area. Awesome place to get a delicious sandwich for a descent price and be able to get in and out fairly quickly.I personally like the gobbler. Great taste of Thanksgiving without the "I ate WAY too much" feeling.
3	This was my first time at Dilly's Deli - at the suggestion of a friend.  I can't say that the name would have drawn me in.My wife's wrap was good and a good portion.  My half a sandwich, however, was long on bread and short on meat.  The flavor was excellent, but there just wasn't much there.We may give Dilly's another chance.  Like I said, the quality was good and tasty, the proportion of bread to meat was just a little smaller than expected.
4	Great place in Phoenix for a good deli sandwich. Bread is hearty and the selection of sandwiches offers delicious dressings and fixings. Sandwiches are large and can be split when the hunger isn't as strong. I haven't tried the soup bowls, but my gal swears by them. Southwest Club is my fav! Give it a try.
4	This is another time I long for half stars. I think Dilly's is better than a three but don't think it quite hits four... such is life. I've most likely had ninety five percent of the menu through the years and have rarely come across something I didn't enjoy. I love the Italian and the Gobbler and Kristen is a freak about their chicken noodle soup. My only true complaints are the interior, often cold and mighty boring, and the staff is hit and miss, most often warm and friendly, but sometimes I catch a big jerk. Three and three quarter stars. I like Dilly's.
4	I love this sandwich shop. I like the Yahoo, Southwestern Wrap, most any soup in a bread bowl: Cream of Potato or Wisconsin Cheese. MMmmm! I usually go when I have a coupon. Sometimes they run out of the soup of the day :(  But I'm going to add Dilly's to my to-do list!
5	My favorite sandwich place in Tempe! Everything is fresh, this is always a treat to go to Dilly's. The Dilly Club & Chicken Noodle Soup are amazing!
4	Dear Club Sandwich with a side of clam chowder in a bread bowl,It's been 5 years since I've left you for chicken katsu plate lunches and shaved ice. Since then, I've been living in a place some people call Hawaii.  From time to time I'd randomly come across a socially awkward looking sandwich at subway, or adventurous and energetic clams in a restaurant and it never fails to stir up some old emotions we once shared with each other.  After you, everything came in second place.  You were the best I've ever had.  I sometimes wish I never left you, but you and I know it was for the best.  You were getting the best of me...and I have the love handles to prove it.  I hope one day our paths cross again where I can once again hold you, hug you, eat you, love you.  But until then, I'll keep searching for your replacement.  Your #1 dude in the middle of the Pacific Ocean,Justin
4	You pretty much can't go wrong with anything on the menu here.  Their line-up is chock-full of sandwiches, wraps, salads, soups, etc.  They also have a ton of halfer options (ie. half sandwich half soup, half salad half soup, etc. - I'm a total sucker for halfies!) Quicktip though, avoid hitting this place at lunch during the weekdays, it's an absolute madhouse.
5	Love it!  Great food.  My friend picks up a meal for me sometimes because it is very far from me.  I get the one with bacon and avocado, I forget the name of it.
5	i ordered the reuben sandwich on rye.  it was a great sandwich.  i also ordered some chips and a fountain drink with a side of potato salad.  all the food tasted great!i went here for lunch and the parking lot was madness.  the line to even place your order was crazy.  bring some patience because it's worth the wait!
5	Delicious as always. Don't get delivery unless you have no other option- just go pick it up, they get super busy at lunch. If you ask for no onions you are probably still getting onions. They have awesome soups, but they tend to run out of the best ones after lunch. One of my favorite places to go for sandwiches in Tempe! (They have other locations, too!)
2	Meh!! This is a typical AZ hyped up joint. I have eaten here twice. Both times have left much to desire. First off the bread was toooo freakin thick. The meats are not very high quality in flavor or texture. I just don't get why people think it's sooo good. I have some good sandwiches in my life from some of the most famous in NY and LA to San diego and SF. This place sucks in comparison to most. Not my kind of place. Hell Miracle mile is 10 times better than this place and I don't really prefer that either but I would go there over this Silly dilly place!
2	Place was ok it was a mediocre sandwich with no veggies other than onion I had the southwest club, and a bread bowl of clam chowder which was pretty decent would I go back? probably not
4	Extremely tasty!  There seems to be a lack of real deli's here in Tempe, but this is a real one!  Definitely recommend giving them a try.
4	I've passed by Dilly's a hundred times in the two years I lived in Tempe and never stopped in. I passed by it again today while in Tempe, and in the perfect storm, decided to stop in and grab some lunch to go. I ordered the Yahoo on Foccacia (Hot sandwich with roast beef, mushrooms and cheese), potato salad and had a raspberry iced tea. All I can really say is holy sh*t. Turns out there was rosemary in the sandwich and it was the perfect addition. Seriously, get this sandwich. Delicious. The potato salad was a little sweet but it was good. The pickle had incredible flavor. Really good sandwich.
5	The best sandwich shop in AZ hands down!It's all in the bread. Since they make their own bread on-site, it makes your sandwich tasting experience so much better. The aroma and that first bite into your sandwich cannot be put simply. You will need to check a thesaurus to come up with better adjectives to express your experience here.The italian focaccia and wheat bread are the best, especially the focaccia. I stand by the staple Dilly Club. They don't short you on meat.Other greats are the Blazing Buffalo, Dilly Bird and the Vegetarian Special. All terrific and delicious. This is the kind of place that will have you coming back the same week.
5	They were fast, friendly, and Delicious! Which is my ideal place for a sand which shop. The Reuben I got was so good! I also liked that they offer fruit for only 50 cent more!
5	Love their sandwiches... very well done and bread is very flavorful. We liked both veg and non-veg ones. We also bought some bread home.
2	It was pretty cool that when you order soup to go, they still include the bread bowl in the to go bag. Nice touch. The creamy chicken noodle soup was full of big chunks of chicken and nice size noodles. My combo soup and wrap came to almost 10 bucks, but the wrap wasn't too great. It was the greek wrap with veggies and feta, but somebody poured almost an entire 1/2 bottle of dressing inside of the wrap, making it a sloppy Italian dressing mess. It might have gotten bumped up another star had I asked for dressing on the side, but there was hardly any feta in the wrap which consisted mostly of tomatoes and black olives. Probably a poor choice on my end, but the dressing overlaod was a real downer anyway. Will go back for more soup.
5	Great wraps and sandwiches. Some very good vegetarian options too. My favorites are the Veggie Supreme and the Greek Wrap. Check to ASU Student handbooks for coupons!Be aware that they don't stay open too late though.
1	This place is over priced and the sandwiches are not that great. I paid extra for avocado and seriously got one sliver on each side of my sandwich, total rip off. Don't waste your time subways better than this place.
3	PROS AND CONS...Soup in bread bowls are hard to find in AZ! And theirs are pretty tasty!However, the chicken salad sandwich I just ordered 10 mins ago which has prompted me to write this review was absolutely DISGUSTING. It tasted like a sour cream and dill weed dip on bread that had way too much butter on it? I took two bites and threw it away. Bummer deal, never again.I normally get the dilly bird or the bbq chicken (Which are great!), so I guess I will stick with those.
4	Yummy soups and sandwiches. Almost reminds me of a Panera Bread (For those of you from the East coast). Came here for lunch one day and the food was ready quickly. Very pleased with everything. I would definitely go here again.
1	Went today to pick up a to-go order and was very disappointed.  We ordered two salads and a sandwich with slaw.  While they mastered putting the tuna salad on the side of one salad, the dressing we ordered was missing.  Neither salad came with a side of bread.   The sandwich was very large and good, however the slaw tasted a little "funky"  almost rancid.  Also, to-go salads should come with forks...... just saying...
4	Just one of those places you can get something quick and is way better than a fast food joint.
4	Stumbled into Dilly's Deli after a friend of mine was craving Roast Beef so I looked up delis on Yelp and this one was the closest with pretty good reviews.I wasnt very hungry but I thought I would get something that I could nibble on and pick at throughout the day...I got the Dilly's Club on wheat and it was really goodThe bread tasted really fresh and the meat was greatThe bacon was crispOh, I happened to get the half sandwich, half soup so I chose the potato soupand it too was yummyIt came with a big roll that was actually the bread bowlI didnt use it as a bowl :) but it was yumzo!The prices were pretty fair for a sandwich shopI will return to D.D. and explore the menu4 Stars because it was my first visit, first sanny, and first soupStay tuned...
3	Good selection of sandwiches & salads. I really like the thick hearty bread, but it's probably not the healthiest thing in the world (especially when it's thoroughly buttered). I really like the Sedona Salad - fresh spinach (really fresh), cranberries, deliciously spiced nuts, and tons of feta cheese. Again, I'm not sure how healthy this salad is with all the cheese and buttered bread, but it is a damn fine filling lunch.
4	Dilly's in one of the many places I was stoked to go to after moving back to the Valley. When I saw that on Saturday and Sunday kids eat free, I knew we had to go.I remember when this location opened and it is exactly.the.same. I used to come over here to get lunch on my lunch break from Tower Records. It was like stepping into a time machine and my go-to sandwich (the Gobbler) was EXACTLY the same. I'm pretty bummed that I didn't get the Wisconsin Cheese soup. Next time.The guy working the register wasn't all that friendly. Fairly curt, actually. The seating area was a mess, looks like the tables hadn't been cleaned in awhile. It was getting dark outside and just as equally dark inside. Maybe there were some lights that needed to be replaced? The experience was just ok...I started by giving the place 3 stars but added another because my food was pretty good. Exactly what I had wanted and my husband was happy with his as well (Humdinger). The kids grilled cheese was pretty gross, but to be fair, I took a bite when it was cold.
4	This place is fresh, delish and quick. Both times I have gone I called my order in and it's waiting for me when I get there! At work if one of us gets dilly's the rest will follow all day
3	I heard that they don't use Boars Head meat anymore. I tried their Dilly Bird sandwich and it was okay and so was the soup. The guy recommended a mix of the cream of potato and Wisconsin cheese. It was excellent! The soup come with a bread bowl that is delicious! They bake their bread fresh in the morning. I didn't use it as a bowl, but ate it on the side. It was so good that I had to wrap it up to nibble on later. I pride myself as a pretty good bread maker and I think this bread is pretty good.In summary, I highly recommend you stop in and try a large cream of potato and Wisconsin  cheese mix. Soup is a nice change of pace.
4	I am not a big sandwhich person at all.I need to start by saying that.But... I really am glad I stumbled accidentally upon this gem.Soup and half sandwhich for $7 is a good deal made even better if the soup can be in a bread bowl!   How to resist?  I didn't.  I got the pumpernickle and swiss and ham combo that i have revered as a child with a soup made of creamy chicken broth.Why is lunchtime so short?!
5	Great bread bowls. The wraps were awesome too. This is the only place in the valley that I know of that sells bread bowls.
4	The half sandwich and soup bread bowl is plenty for a grown man. You can sub the bread bowl for chips i think but the bread bowls are awesome. Fresh and filed with a soup of your choice. The place can get busy for lunch so get there early. Parking can be a pain at the University location if its busy as well. I've never had a bad thing on their menu, everything is amazing, they have a variety of breads for your sandwich and can custom make it if you wanted to leave off something. Seating for large groups is possible just need to get there early, they have tables that can be put together but like i said i've gone alone sometimes w absolutely no place to sit. They have outdoors but only good in the cooler months.
3	Been there just once & found it satisfactory.I specifically liked the soup-in-bread-bowl idea a lot. The sandwiches were good too.
4	Located across from Oreganos, this little made-to-order sandwich place was packed when I came in for an early lunch.  Dilly's reminded me of a very pared down Panera (for those east coast folk) with its sandwich/soup/salad combos.  I chose the turkey sandwich ("Gobbler") and decided against the soup (the weather was too hot).  My sandwich was really good!  Toasted bread, lots of turkey with cranberries and lettuce and tomatoes....hit the spot.  My sugar cookie was also good; light and crispy topped with a sweet pink icing.  (In addition to sugar cookies, Dilly's offered chocolate chip cookies and brownies).The menu is small but I think that works in Dilly's favor, especially when the queue is long.  Soups come in bread bowls (eat-in option).  Seating is ample during non-rush times.  Prices are reasonable and the people are nice.  Don't dilly dally on your way to this deli!  ;)
5	The day we tried this place, I was totally not in the mood for sandwiches. This place definitely changed my mind! Tried the Dilly Bird with a half salad, and it was ah-may-zing. Don't hesitate if you're into good sandwiches. The bread was fresh and artisan, and the sandwich was the "can't talk while eating because it's so fabulous" type. :)
4	One of the better sandwiches in Tempe. I've tried a good amount of their menu and loved everything I tasted. They have a promotion after ASU game days where they give you a discount based on how many points the Sun Devils score (they had 54 on Colorado last night so it's 54% off today). Can't beat that!
4	Great customer service ....staff was very understanding after I explained that two other ppl and I thought the chipotle slaw tasted old...smokehouse monthly special was really good...will definitely go back
3	Went here for a quick lunch on my way out of town. They have decent and mildly creative sandwiches.....don't bother if you love crazy flavors or variety. More for a bland palate. At lunch Dilly's was semi crowded with business people but the line moved fast. I had the monthly special "The Smokestack" (December)  with roast beef and turkey. I also got a bread bowl of cream of potato soup. I wasn't able to finish half a sandwich and a bread bowl of soup  (for $8 total). It was a very good amount of food for the money, made fresh. The bread for the bread bowl is white bread, so don't go getting all sourdough amped up. Overall satisfying, but unremarkable. It's convenient, fast and pretty good quality. A nice little deli with average service is a fine addition to the main road.
4	As far as sandwich places go, this place definitely knows what they are doing! Dilly Bird is so delicious! The turkey is fresh, the focaccia bread is bomb and I love a sandwich that has sprouts (it's an underrated veggie.)Recommendation: - Dilly Bird *I normally minus the cream cheese and add cucumber on my sandwich.* - Gobbler *minus the cream cheese on this one too....i just don't care for it on my sandwiches.*- Potato salad (yum!)Service is fast & friendly and they do have delivery if you are in there "delivery zone."FYI: Their sandwich portions are large so if you are not starving try their classic combo which is a 1/2 classic sandwich with soup or salad.
4	Great lunch stop in Tempe.  Huge sandwiches with flavorful ingredients and a variety of side choices.  This place evens has multigrain bread options.  I have had two different turkey variety sandwiches and both were bursting with flavor.  Service is quick,.  My sandwich was so stacked that I couldn't eat my chipotle coleslaw side.  That's saved for later.  Dolly's is a great big sandwich chain alternative at a competitive price.  Stop here, it's nice.
4	Dilly's Deli is a frequent stop for us when we're close to ASU. The Dilly Club is a great sandwich especially when you add avocado. You can choose from a bunch of different breads and they also have wraps and salads. The soups set Dilly's apart from other sandwich shops. I prefer the Wisconsin Cheese while the wife loves her Cream of Broccoli. Friendly staff and it's very clean.
5	Coming in a I was a little hesitant. I ordered the southwest club with a side of cheesy soup. The sandwich was so perfect, the sweetness of their raspberry honey mustard sauce contrasted well with the paperback and the avocado. I will be definitely coming back here. Maybe try the dilly bird with the tomato bisque. Long live the sammich!!!
5	The soup and sandwiches were simple, but executed extremely well and delicious. The bread bowls were extremely filling as well and the half combo looked like a full sized sandwich to me. It's a great dinner for when you are very hungry and want something easy, but still great.
1	I should not have went back for more soup like I wrote two years ago. Luckily, the prices haven't risen and I only wasted four bucks on one of the nastiest bowls of soup in the history of the soup. They have fatty, dark chunks of pre-cut chicken floating around in a tasteless creamy kind of liquid. This is not made in-house obviously and based on my last visit, I thought it might have been. This place is a college dump, avoid unless you like eating bread bowls for lunch.
3	I dont hate this place but it's certainly not worth going to twice. I went here because i was very hungry and too lazy to make anything at home. I came here with my boyfriend and had the humdinger (pastrami sandwich) and cream of broccoli soup in their bread bowl. My boyfriend had the buffalo chicken sandwich and caesar salad. The whole experience was blah. My sandwich was bland and though i appreciate the bread bowl my soup came in, both the bread and the soup were blah. I did enjoy the buffalo chicken sandwich though so if you chose to come here I recommend this.
4	Very good deli. Fresh ingredients and good sandwiches. I would recommend the Dilly Bird, Smokey Mountain and the South West Club.
1	Nothing about the Italian sandwich is Italian. It was gross. I've never not finished an Italian sandwich until today. The Wisconsin Cheese soup tastes like Velveeta. My water was my favorite part of the meal.
5	Went in this afternoon after seeing Kinky Boots at Gammage.  Brought my elderly parents, son, and his girlfriend.  Dolores, the woman at the cash register, was extremely helpful and pleasant.  My father is somewhat disabled and confused and she made sure we had everything we needed.  We had a range of sandwiches from the veggie, to a club sandwich, tomato soup, and salads.  Everything was delicious and we would definitely go back. I just wish they had a restaurant in Central Phoenix.
5	This is my favorite soup place. I always make my husband go here when I'm sick. I love the potato soup. I also like the gobbler sandwich, but the soup is so good I've been getting just that lately. My only complaint is that the soup servings are really small. I wish they had a bigger size.
5	This place is one of my favorites. Everything is always so fresh and their soups in a bread bowl are to die for. The staff is always friendly and fast. They also deliver and do catering.
5	Dilly's is staple of Tempe. From their focaccia to sourdough, their quality selection of bread is unparalleled. They also have some of the best combinations that they recommend for their sandwiches and the best bread bowls you will find in the area. Highly recommend for anything from a light lunch to a heartier meal!
3	Well...what can you say? This is a solid hangover spot to enjoy a fresh sammie after a long night. Every time i go there i always look at the menu and see 4 different sandwiches that sound amazing and then go back to the turkey bacon avocado. The turkey is finely shaven goodness, the bacon always crisp and the bread is flat pressed and somehow still chewy. Then they put some kind of honey vinegarrette dressing that adds just a kiss of sweetness. This is your standard run of the mill sandwich shop guys this isnt exactly a date spot.Couple negatives though, the sandwich is a bit coiny for a moderate size sandwich. We are talking in that 8-10 range which is a little agressive for what ya get. Also the side dishes are absolutley mediocre as they could be. The potato salad always looks good but then I taste it and I think they should have just saved some time and bought it from safeway because this isnt very good. The pasta salad is bland and just overall very unrefreshing. Then youve got your option to get a soup, which are good but then next thing you know your at 13 bucks and saying hell i could have gotten two footlongs at subway.
4	Super great deli with tasty sandwiches and soups. The Blazing Buffalo is my favorite.
5	This is a great place to eat! Always fresh bread , soups and cookies. They messed up with an order of soup and gave me another one for free. And another time they forgot to heat my sandwich and they gave me a cookie for free. The customer service is really nice and is always quiet to just sit down and relax even if it's closed to ASU. I highly recommend it!
3	My coworker told me this place was out of this world so I thought I would have it delivered. I called it in and they told me it would be ready within the hour. An hour and a half later my coworker who had ordered something as well called to see what the status was and they hadn't even left yet. Luckily the woman who answered offered to comp the meals and shortly after that someone arrived and apologized at my office. When I opened my lunch my soup was amazing but wasn't even hot and the bread bowl was good but cold. I think I'll just stick with paradise bakery next time.
