5	I used V-One for the tequila festival a few months ago and the service was impeccable. The car was clean, Victor was very professional and they worked us in on short notice. I will definitely be using them again!
1	Wow - the lack of professionalism here is truly mind blowing.  Making the reservation was easy.  We were able to book online and received confirmation within a couple of days.  Unfortunately, we were scheduled for an airport run for an early morning flight. We had a pick up time of 4:55am on March 17th.  At 5:05am, there was no car ( i had even called the day before to confirm).  When we called at 5:05, we were told the driver had a mechanical issue and would be calling us.  When she called 5 minutes later, (now 20 minutes after the original pick up time) we were told she would be "around" another 25 minutes or so.  This would have gotten us to the airport 1 hour before our flight. So, we ended up piling 5 suitcases, 2 carryons and 4 people into a small car and hauling off to the airport on our own, running quite late. I asked that the owner please contact us.  He did not.  While on vacation, I emailed the company and called twice to speak to someone so they would know not to pick us up at the airport as we now had our car there.  We received to response to the calls or email.  When I arrived home, I called again.  This time to request a refund.  I spoke to Victor who would not even listen to my concerns.  He cut me off and made statements like, "things happen ... cars breakdown, airplanes crash, what do you want me to do?"  He then told me that I was rude ... I was simply trying to get him to hear me out.  He then said he would refund my money but did not want my business and then hung up on me.  When I tried to call him back to ask about when and how the refund would be issued, he hung up on me again. I then left a voice mail requesting that he simply leave me a message regarding the refund and how and when it would be processed.  Frankly, I do not want to speak with him again, either.  Yes, Victor is correct.  Things happen.  Cars break down, planes crash, business go under because they are rude and don't care about their customer concerns.  If you actually need to be somewhere and are using V-1 Limos as a means of transportation, think twice.  There are other services in town.
5	Found them on Groupon before a trip, and was stoked to not have to ride the Super Shuttle.  Per the Groupon, you had to make your rsvp online, which was easy breezy.  Less than 24 hours later, they replied with a confirmation email.  But then 12 hours before our departure, we received word that we had to change our plans, so I phoned the number, and the owner Victor answered.  I explained the situation and he stated that he would attempt to find a driver since the new pickup time would be 4 am, instead of 8 am.  He didn't make any promises, but said he would try, and I appreciated his honesty.  A few hours later, he left a voice mail confirmation that we would be able to have a lift to the airport.Half hour before pickup, I called the line to request that no one ring the doorbell as to not wake up my sister.  The driver instead sent me a text alerting she was in the driveway.  She was sweet, promt, and very professional.  If Groupon continues to have offers on the business, I'd continue to buy them and use this service for our yearly trips out to the desert.
1	Used them once for roundtrip to and from the airport.  Nothing fantastic but got the job done cheaper than we've paid in the past so decided to try them out again for a night out in town.  Received cancellation via email due to personal reasons with only a couple days notice.  I understand personal issues come up, but honestly not sure why previously scheduled appts would not be honored as the owner was not our driver in either instance before.  Also when a merchant cancels on a customer that has pre-paid, the customer should be immediately refunded.  It's now 10 days past the cancellation notice and 7 days past our scheduled service date and no refund has been received.  I also have received no response to my inquiry requesting the refund (which I should not have had to send in the first place) and they are back in service after the short-term service suspension.  Money saved is not worth it, will never use them again.  Found an equitably priced company with better customer service.  They will get our repeat business instead.
1	We bought a living social deal for V1 limos and the one ride we bought went well. So we became members by Pre Paying for 10 rides. BIG MISTAKE. We lost $100 because they shorted us two rides. They were unable to properly keep track of how many rides we had used. They told us we had used more rides than we actually had (about 5 more!) When I said that was incorrect and we had written down all of the times we had used rides from them, the owner, Victor, relented and gave us the amount that we claimed. But then the quality of service declined quickly. They stopped picking us up on time or would just forget entirely. They stopped providing car chasers for us even though it was to be included in the service. When I called to complain, no one returned my calls. One time I called and he had temporarily shut down the business because according to the website Victor was "attacked by an animal". Then I called when they opened up again and still no return call. We have not been able to contact anyone at the company for about 3 weeks. It is scary that they are taking money up front and not providing the service to follow through. Do NOT give this company your money. They already have several complaints filed against them with the Better Business Bureau. I wish I had seen this before I bought.
1	My husband and I booked reservations for a ride to and from the airport through Groupon in May 2012.  (Our flights were scheduled (international) for October 2012.)The day of our departure to PHX Sky Harbor airport from our home in Fountain Hills, our driver, Zachary, showed up on time and got us to the airport quickly and safely.  Zachary was wonderful and a delight to converse with.  The problem occured when I received an email the day before we had scheduled a pick-up with V-One at Phoenix Sky Harbor after our flight back from London.  V-One had cancelled our reservation, stating that they were suspending operations until October 22.  The reason given was due to medically-related injuries and surgeries.  Needless to say, I was not happy finding out the day before we were to leave London that our transportation home from Phoenix Sky Harbor had been cancelled, and I had to make frantic last-minute alternate arrangements for transportation.  No mention of refund, by the way, in the email that was sent to me from V-One.  Would not recommend this company if you want reliable transportation from the airport.Update:  3/3/2013-  I have filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau of Arizona.
1	I should have read the other yelp reviews before I purchase my Groupon!I was scheduled for a pick up to airport in November with a confirmation number and a car never showed up. I tried calling both numbers with no answer. And of course they never called. I frantically got a cab and made my flight on final boarding. I was so pissed off. Victor or anyone else ever called to apologize...lots of excuses on his website. Groupon refunded me but I had also purchased two roundtrips through an email he sent me. I immediately called my credit card to stop payment which they did but now he is trying to keep the money for his reasons why he didn't render these services....its a scam...he's the fraud......don't use his services.......
1	I tried to use my living social credit 3 times and each time it was 'conveniently' booked up at that time. I tried different times and dates, all with a few weeks notice.  The company said that I could have an extension to use the voucher, and recently tried again.  The website and the phone number are not working. I WANT A REFUND!!!!!!!!!!!!!
