2	if the waitresses and bartenders were female and hot would have been better
4	I was told not to review chain restaurants, but this one needs better ratings. This place is bomb.  0.45 cent Tuesdays are probably the best.  The pitchers of beers are cheap ($8-14 for domestics).  The wings are the best.  So far I've only had a few on the less spicy scale, but for sure will revisit to kick it up a notch. One complaint is that sometimes they charge you for ranch and celery, and sometimes they don't charge.  The wings are consistently good though!
2	I was there for their wing Tuesdays, which is basically wings at a cheaper price.  Except that you don't get the ranch and celery for free.  They're extra charge on wing Tuesdays.  I ordered 12 wings, 6 in their spicy garlic sauce, and 6 in their mango habanero sauce.  The mango habanero sauce was too sweet for my liking and not nearly as spicy as its position on the chart would indicate, nor as the waitress had suggested.  I like my food SPICY, and this wasn't spicy at all.  Overall, I didn't enjoy the wings very much.  I like my wings a little bit more cooked and for the skins to have a bit more crisp to them.  These were flabby, fatty skin.  Their fries however, were really good.  I had the regular and the potato wedges and they were fried just right and flavored/salted just to my liking.  When I was in the one in Columbus, Ohio, I ordered their pork sandwich which I enjoyed.
2	The wings are ok-- better than the miserable offerings at Quaker Steak and Lube.  My gripe is the service.  No matter how simple my order is I never get in and out in under twenty minutes.  I just don't get it-- you sell wings, so why does it seem like someone has to go kill a chicken and look up the recipe to get me some?
1	Management here SUCKS! They would take a to-go order by phone claiming they're too busy. Taking a look around they're not busy at all.
2	BW3s* is pretty much what you'd expect: run of the mill food and lots of TVs. I've been here several times, always to 'watch the game'. Their boneless wings are alright - not bad, but nothing special. Their other food is meh - the nachos aren't worth trying again, and the grilled chicken sandwich would have been better with less char and more sauce (isn't the sauce the pride of a wings place?). The draw of Buffalo Wild Wings is its central location and sharing-friendly finger food. The best thing I've come across at BW3s is their recent Packer game raffles. For every Miller product you buy, you get a raffle ticket. There's a list of plays and their corresponding prizes - a free beer for every first down, 50 wings for a field goal, etc. The game last Sunday was extremely low-scoring and pretty boring, but they still called 10+ names in the second half. If you're going to be at BW3s anyway, it's not a bad addition to the game.*Everyone always asks why it's called BW3s when there are only two Ws. I looked up the answer. When it was founded, it was called Buffalo Wild WIngs & Weck (aka beef on weck, aka steak on a kummelweck roll). Now you know.
4	If you're from a different area, and you don't get broadcasts of your home football team playing; this is the place for you. They have numerous TVs devoted to each and every game, and seats you based on which team you would like to see. The food here's also decent, with okish wings and delicious nachos. They also have a decent variety of beer on tap, with pretty cheap prices. If it's a Sunday and you don't have much to do, drop by and watch your favorite team kick ass.
4	The new "bdubs" location is far superior to their previous location on State St. What they lost in a "homey" feel, they've gained in a much better sports environment. I'm about 99% sure that their commercials describing their ability to extend games is false, but 100% sure that it makes no difference. Bdubs is becoming an American Classic, and this location only helps the national brand.
4	Wings! Always good and usually pretty quick never had a problem.
5	Wings are amazing!!!  Sauces are what make B-dubs the place to get quality, flavorful wings!  Generally good service, occasionally a little slow on thursday nights, but expected for boneless thursdays. Good atmosphere and of course, the best tasting wings compared to local competitors (i.e. quaker steak and lube, wing stop etc.)
3	A cheap pig out location! Tuesdays 60cents traditional or boneless wings is what I usually go for, with a bunch of friends. Large spacious, much better than the old state street location. However, too many flashing screens and its loud.. Definitely reminds me of being a college kid again, but who doesn't like having cheap food from time to time? If you head there before 7pm, there are drinks and appetizers special.Good items to go for - (for mild spicy eaters) Parmesan and garlic (mild spicy)Salt and VinegarHoney BBQMango Habanero (kinda spicy)Always get the buffalo chips with cheese. OMG so good.... junkie. If you wanna feel less greasy, get the veggie plate. It's for your good -.-AND, ask for drinks specials - you might get really good deals!They also really helpful with splitting checks!Hooray for undergrad cheap places!
3	This would be a great place to watch a game. The food is kinda overpriced...but decently good. The traditional wings are my favorite, Asian Zing and Medium with a side of Ranch! If you're going to order an appetizer, stick with the fried pickles. They're the only thing that's marginally different from something you could get pretty much anywhere else.
2	I have never been so upset and turned off at a restaraunt before.  Went out for a night with my friends and it took over an hour to get out food! The waitress NEVER bothered to let us know or offer us a drink on the house...something. After all that wait I get my popcorn shrimp only to find the most pathetic looking shrimp that were not deceived.  I was so disgusted. Never going back to this Madison location.
2	Super cheap wing Tuesdays and Thursdays. I had always preferred traditional wings (Tuesday) over boneless wings (Thursday). Personally the boneless wings somehow do not feel like I'm having wings. Despite being easier to eat, I would like my wings experience to be messy, but that is just me =)I have tried a huge variety from the non spicy Sweet BBQ  to the extremely spicy Wild. Some favorites are Parmesan and Garlic, Honey BBQ, Asian Zing and Mango Habanero.The Wing Tuesdays is the only reason for showing up. It's a great way to get cheap food.
5	Great place to watch a game. I've been here several times when I'm back in town (lived here for 6 years) and never been disappointed. Tons of TV, great service and happy hour specials until 7pm during the week.66 cent boneless wings on thursday. Worth it even though I live traditional better. I think that's Tuesday nights.
1	The restaurant was not crowded, about 5 tables. And they made me wait 40 mins for my take away lunch. Ridiculous!!!
5	My favorite place to have chicken wings! Ike the great variety of flavors and their Tuesday and Thursday half price specials!
