5	I was a little hesitant to try this place as I typically go to nice spas and the like to get my massages done. A friend had recommended this place highly so I finally gave in and tried it. I was pleasantly surprised to find it clean, nice and in good shape inside even though it's located in a strip mall. The staff was friendly and seemed to want to make sure we were happy. But the best part was the actual massage! I was expecting nothing more than a foot massage but they actually spend a good amount of time working out the kinks in your neck, shoulders and back. The chairs that you sit in convert into massage tables! $30 for one hour cannot be beat!! This massage was more effective at relaxing my stiff muscles that most others that I've paid 4 times the price. I will be back!...oh, and I will make an appointment because this place was fairly busy!
5	This place is great!  I called at 8:30 am to make an appointment for that afternoon for 3 people.  The place wasn't open yet, but the phone was forwarded to I think the owner's cell.  He told me he would be at the store at 9:30 and he'd call me back when he had the schedule in front of him.  Sure enough, at 9:30 he called me back and was able to schedule our appointments for 3pm.When we got there we were immediately brought back to a small room that had 3 big, comfy chairs.  We sat down and a couple minutes later they brought in 3 tubs of warm water for our feet.  They reclined the chairs and started at our heads.  They massage your face, head, neck, shoulders, arms, hands, feet and calves.  The they tell you to turn over, as they quickly turn the recliner into a massage table and proceed to massage your whole back side....all fully clothed.  It was just wonderful....and all for $30!  I definitely recommend!
4	As soon as this place opened up a while back, I was excited to go.  I did a walk-in and with very few words, was quickly taken to a back room that is decorated in dark/warm colors with 3 comfy couches (recliners) that each have an ottoman.  As soon as I laid in the couth to relax, the lady was quick to get her supplies and immediately started.  I felt very at ease with her and she did very little talking (if anything, actually) except to ask simple questions.. not sure she knew much english besides the questions she asked.  Like everyone else says - you can't beat 1 hour massage service that extends beyond your feet and includes your legs, back and arms for $30 (fully clothed) ... oh yeah, and the little lady had AMAZING fingers and strength and just worked her butt off to make my massage thorough, relaxing, and above all, pampering.Here's where it got kinda odd.. I went again later and, again, with very few words, was whisked away to a back room.  Now, I'm not sure how other people found this place busy, but both times it has been dead empty (hence the quick seating).. a bit awkward feeling with it being that empty and quiet nd all, but maybe I go at strange times of the day/week.. dunno.  Okay, so back to my weird experience.  This time instead of a nice older lady, I got a middle-aged, VERY rotund man...also a profuse sweater .. I was pretty distracted by his heavy breathing and profuse sweating.. ewww.. I don't want to think about it anymore.  So, he was very thorough and had good force in his massge.. but I couldn't help but feel TOTALLY weird and strange when he was heavy breathing and sweating everywhere as he worked all over me... PLUS he didn't speak a lick of english (like the previous lady I had), so anything I would ask him, like "can you concentrate on my right toe - it's a bit strained" could not be understood.. at all (I had to resort to hand-signals, etc). I wish I could've had the option of chosing a 'therapist', but this place doesn't really work that way.. you'll see when you get there.So, in short: great massage service (they definitely put their back in to it), great pricing, relaxing (if you don't get Mr. heavy breather who sweats everywhere).Next time I go back I'm going to request a female... if that's allowed.
4	I've been a fan of foot reflexology ever since my first experience in Hong Kong years ago.  Pampered Foot did a great job!  The massage was really relaxing, and they did not kill me with too much pressure, as I've experienced elsewhere.  My mom and I had such a nice time, we stayed for additional half hour after the massage and decided to get ionic foot baths.  After a long weekend with too many glasses of wine, we felt relaxed, rejuvenated and refreshed!
5	From reading some of the other reviews reflexology is somewhat different that a regular message.You do not get undressed down to your underwear.  You should wear comfortable loose clothes. You sit in a chair that is a combination  reclining lounger, with an opening for your head like a message table.My wife and I have gone to several reflexology places and this is by far the best one we have been to. If your not into a very firm massage you must speak up. Most places have there own style. Pampered Foot hits all the necessary spots that have tight  mussels in your feet and in your shoulders. There are several times the masseuse leaves the room to empty the water your feet  soak in and they also get a hot towel to wipe down your feet and legs.It maybe misleading that it is a 60 min. message for $30 but in my opinion even if the session is between 45-50 min. It is still worth go to Pampered Foot Reflexology .We have gone here for several years and we will go again when we visit the Metro area next year.
4	I'm made it a mission this month to try all the foot massage places in the Chandle area. This was my third location for the month. And what I've noticed that makes these places different is really the noise. This place was a bit quiet than the other places. Meaning, not a lot of talking at the front or staff members coming in and out. The cost is $30 like every other place. The chairs recline like every other place. I did noticed that they use less massage oil at this place... good and bad. Only thing I didn't like is that they prefer cash. Not a fan since I don't carry any. Probably won't be back because of that reason. Other than that, good place.
