4	Always a great time with great bartenders...and who can beat $2 Sweetwater 420's
2	I have been to the Fox & Hound once before for lunch and it was ok.  I have been several times with co-workers for bevvies & appetizers after work and that was cool.However, the other day, 2 co-workers and I went for lunch and the experience made me wish we had gone to McAlisters or Bad Daddy's instead of F&H.  First off, since the weather was nice, we sat outside. Unfortunately, we could smell the dumpsters from our table, so we asked to move.  After we moved, it took FOREVER for our server to come back to get our drink orders.  Finally she did, and we put in our order for an appetizer and our entrees.  We waited for a ridiculous amount of time before we saw our server again... and the restaurant was not even busy! So, when we finally did our server again, it was for the delivery of our entrees.  (Somebody forgot to put in the order for the appetizer!)So, I might be willing to overlook the less than desirable service if the food was really good, but when my entree came out, it was meh.  I might come here again for late night drinks after dinner, but I will pass on eating here again.
2	So you charge admission cause ur showing the UFC fight, but your playing a college FB game on the big screen and on the overhead audio. STUPID! Then the Mgr comes over (per my request) and politely offers to refund my money explaining that the "football crowd" will leave if he changes the game to the fight, & that they've been there since 7pm. Well as I scan the room, there are 5 empty tables & 3 empty booth's. 3x he offers a refund to which I reply that I don't want the money, I want what I paid for. The fight. He refused so I took the refund & gave it the the waitress since my 6 top was leaving right behind a 4 top that just left. Lol I called Hickory up the street. They had a 20 min wait for a table. They have something figured out.
4	Bartenders are fantastic food is above average fun atmosphere. Always have a good time when I come here.
3	Went last night to watch the game with some friends.  Showed up at 8:30 and there was a decent enough crowd.  Sat at a long, high top table on the restaurant side.  Waitress showed up quickly and was attentive throughout our visit.  We ordered a sampler platter of food which was basic bar food.....boneless wings with hot BBQ sauce were decent.  Friend cheese triangles were pretty gross, pretzel sticks were eatable. Nothing fancy, but I didn't expect it to be and it met my expectations.I'd go back to watch a game.  I'd probably order something different off the menu though.
1	Run-of-the-mill sports bar complete with plenty of beer on tap, lotsa TVs, and pub style food.  It's located in the strip mall with the Harris Teeter, which offers patrons a bunch of alternatives to wander off too before or after the visit.They do have some drink specials which are utilized by plenty of folks who work around the location, so there is usually a manageable sized crowd.  The BBQ flat bread pizza I had was tasty, actually, I would order it again.  The atmosphere is okay, pretty generic really.The problem I have, and the reason for the low rated review, was with the service.  The gal who waited on me was visably sick.  I mean, c'mon management.  If one of your staff, who is GOING TO HANDLE FOOD, is obviously, visably, noticeably sick - SEND THEM HOME.Long story short, I got sick the next day, same symptoms as the waiter who served us.  Completely unacceptable.  Too bad really, because the food was decent for what it was, but I can't justify the experience now that I have to deal with this illness.
4	Nice place to hang out after work..They have a pretty good selection of beer and food.Especially the appetizers :PCheck out their happy hour specials !
