2	I was flying out of Charlotte and got to the airport really early for my flight so I opted for breakfast.  Being that Burger King is one of the only places open really early, I chose it.  Plus, I enjoy their breakfast items.  I know it's come to be commonplace to expect poor service at fast food restaurants, but...why?  I worked in fast food in my younger days and provided quality service.  I was quick, I was knowledgeable, I was friendly, and I was attentive.  Is that really too much to ask?  If you can't make it in fast food...where can you make it?  Anyway, I stood in line behind one other person to order my breakfast.  I stepped up to order when it was my turn, and after the co-worker next to him finished talking to him...or at least took a break.  I placed my order and then stepped down the line to await my order.  I looked around and saw chutes full of pre-made sandwiches sitting under the warming lamp.  Employees were congregated in the back talking.  And more employees were congregated around the register talking.  Nobody was working except for the cashier, and even he was doing a half-assed job.  The cashier abandoned his register and came over to fill the first guy's order.  He then proceeded to get my coffee and fill my order.  Some jerk-off airport employee behind me "kindly" offered to take the coffee I had just been poured so I could get a "fresh" cup.  Thankfully, the BK employee continued to give me my cup of coffee.  The food was good and still semi-warm, but is it too much to ask that people do their jobs while on duty?  Do you really need 10 BK employees standing around doing nothing?
3	I felt like a farm animal ordering and waiting for my food in the morning before my flight, but I can't complain since it was only a quick minute of my life.  The food came out fast and hot as expected and it definitely gave me what I was looking for to start the morning.  Having to get through security that early in the morning, I just wanted something in my stomach to start the day.For the airport, it's good to have a fast food place located inside of it depending on your situation and how fast you need to eat.  At the same time, I wish "fast" did not equate to "poorer quality"... I guess Europeans have it right when they take their time eating their meals....
1	Slowwwwwwwwwww  - I do not normally rate fast food places - you get what you pay for,  My experience at this Charlotte BK was nothing I have ever seen1.  I ordered 2 combo meals - 25 MINUTES from order to food2.  The manager did nothing to help get orders3.  One of the cooks (sagging pants and all) was singing Usher songs  at the front counter instead of making food - 4.  Processed chicken strips do not do well when the sit for 25 minutes - they tasted like s*it.5.  No thank you , sorry about the wait, here's a free _______ for the poor service  - I would have gone somewhere else - but I was like whats the point - the food has to come eventually STAY AWAY !
1	We ordered breakfast here during a layover. My croissant was literally dripping cloudy looking water.  Since we plopped down almost 20 bucks, I tried forcing it down until I felt something odd in my mouth.,,  a hair that neither matched my hair's color or ethnicity.  This BK should be shut down!!!!
3	If it's lunchtime, you're hungry, and you have a boarding time that's coming up soon, I would maybe skip coming here.The line at this Burger King gets pretty long during lunch hours, and the employees haven't figured out a way to process their many customers in a more expedient manner. It took about 20 - 25 minutes for me to get in line, order my food, and sit down with my meal.One perk of there being so many customers though is that everything has to be made fresh. Those were some of the hottest fries I've ever had!Other than that, the food here is pretty standard for a Burger King.
1	I asked if it had tomatoes. I said I was allergic to tomatoes. They said there are no tomatoes on that sandwich. Do I want tomatoes? I said no, please, no tomatoes. I get the sandwich, there are two tomatoes on there. So they put tomatoes on a sandwich that doesn't get tomatoes after we talked about how I can't have tomatoes. I'm hungry.
2	Way too pricey for the chain. I realize I'm stuck at the airport, but the combos are $1-2 more expensive than anywhere else. I'd hate to wait in line if they were very busy aswell. Otherwise, the food is what you expect.
1	Avoid this place in the airport. 20 minutes to wait for a standard order is not acceptable. I had to wolf down my food to make my flight when I should have had plenty of time. Epic fail BK, clean up your act.
1	Had to argue with the cashier while ordering a kids meal. The menu clearly shows that with the kids meal you can choose apples slices instead of a toy. Instead of looking at the menu she asked another employee, who confirms what the menu shows. Instead of apologizing and making sure the change was made, she gave me a blank look and i had to make the request again. Too much to expect at a fast food joint.
1	Horrible restaurant. They don't seem to care about customer service, and very often make errors on my order. I usually have to repeat my order at least twice. I know its fast food - but this place is bad.
1	One star is too much! 3 people in line and it took 20 mins. The manager was polishing the sauce cups the entire time. Once the food came out I got a bag full of disappointment. I would have had it remade if it wouldn't take so long and I didn't have a flight. I posted some photos. The order was not made correctly, no cheese on the whopper with cheese, the fries were cold and soggy, and the chicken strips were most likely picked up from the floor. This has been the worst fast food experience of my life.I contacted customer service online and they are sending me a coupon for a free whopper in 2-3 weeks. I think I'll pass. This was a complete fail by their store and their corporate office.Bk I'm leaving you!
1	No one that works there cares about food, service, or cleanliness.  It's a pig bucket of BK.  Good luck if you get the scraps.
2	Young lady that served me was busy chatting (about nothing related to work) with another male coworker, so i had to wait to order til she was done chatting. She kept talking to him as she took my order, barely acknowledging i was standing there. I asked her for honey mustard, she didnt even hear me. She handed my receipt and card back without even looking at me or saying thank you,  still talking to the coworker.  I still wanted honey mustard, so finally I said Excuse me, to which she replied, Huh? I repeated myself and she says they will help you with sauces down there when you pick up your order.I went to the other end, they threw my chicken fingers in a bag and folded it, never asking me if i wanted any sauce at all. And no thanks or nothing. I was hoping the chicken fingers would at least be good, but no such luck - they were dry/hard and not good at all. Buyers remorse set in, but it was now 10pm and everything else in the airport was closed. Not going back to this place.
1	Wow.  I was the only one in line, and there were 5 people (all co-workers) sitting there chatting.  After I was ready to go at the register, it took another 3-4 minutes of waiting for them to finish chatting before I could get service.There are way too many people that work here for the service.   At least the food was okay, although I have to say that it's not exactly "fast food".  You might get better service at the Chilis Too in the same airport.
1	The worst people I have seen in the business. I asked the hostess to substitute a veggie Patty in the 4 cheese burger and she her to make sure that there was no meat in it. She took like half an hour to check if they could even make it like that. I mean what the ****! And then when I get my Burger, there was no patty in it....! What the **** ! So, I go back to the hostess and I was like where is the patty...? She is like you said no meat. I was like yeah... That's why I asked you to sub a veggie patty. And her response was gold. She said that they consider ALL the patty to be meat. And the worst part is that they were all laughing at me for wanting a 4 cheese burger with veggie patty...!I didn't want to create a scene... But these people need to respect the customers... The stupid ungrateful bunch of illiterate jerks....!
