2	Okay,  this is gonna sound paranoid, but I'm beginning to think that I'm being followed.  Every time I stay in a middle of the road hotel,  there's a long black hair in my bathtub.  Should I be worried?The visit from my raven haired stalker aside, most everything about this place sucks.  I had to crash here because I missed a connection, and didn't want to sleep at the airport.  It was super that the guy at the front desk was so exceptionally surly when I checked in.  Oh, and the location?  Primo.  It's a .5 mile walk to the nearest gas station... without a sidewalk.  Of course, the reason I was out foraging is because the hotel restaurant closes at 11pm, has a shitty menu, and there is no restaurant alternative within walking distance after 10pm.My favorite part was the shuttle ride back to the airport in the morning.  We left at 0600 sharp, just as promised. We got 4 or 5 minutes down the road, and the driver gets a phone call.  He swings the bus around and goes BACK to the Doubletree to pick up a flight crew that was late for the shuttle.  In case you need reminding, I landed in this godforsaken hellhole because my flight crew didn't see fit to turn around the plane and come pick ME up when I was delayed.  I know the impulse to compare the two situations may not be the most mature, but I hope you'll understand why I was on the verge of filling that shuttle van to the brim with expletives.This place isn't worth the $66 bucks I paid.  If you're standing in the airport trying to figure out where you're going to stay, keep looking.  If you're my hair-leaving stalker and you're reading this, quit it.  That's gross.
1	Ewwww!  Really disappointing for a Doubletree or any Hilton property.  Just gave me the heebee-geebees.  I stayed there to be close to the airport for an early flight.  Got the "upgrade" for the suite.  Definitely an old place that could use an upgrade itself!  I'm thinking that it hasn't always been a Doubletree though I don't have proof.  Anyhow, the grossness occurred went I went in the bathroom.  The wall next to the switch had some kind of weird stain.  Was it blood?  A booger?  Something else from the body?  Cosmetics?  Who knows but it totally grossed me out.  The wallpaper surrounding the light switch was dirty too.  I used a kleenex to turn the light on and off.  Also, the lamp and clock radio in the bedroom had a nice little layer of dust.  When was the last time that room was cleaned?So since the wallpaper, lamp and radio had visible grossness on it, it really made me wonder what I couldn't see that would gross me out. Wow, I don't think I've used the word "gross" so much since junior high!
1	I usually stay at Hampton Inns but thought I would give Doubletree a try since its in the Hilton Family. Myth busted. The Hilton name means nothing!  I was extremely disappointed. Besides the fact that the layout is terribly inconvenient getting from the lobby to the rooms, there is a very musty, mildewy odor that is hard to get over. I heard it used to be a Wyndam Garden Hotel, but I looked it up on Google Earth and I am pretty sure it was a La Quinta Inn at one time. I suppose if they charged La Quinta prices, I might expect the bad experience I had, but I left $230 poorer for two nights stay, and was expected to pay $9.95 if I wanted to use the Internet. Are you serious? Even that is complimentary at Hampton Inn. At least I got a $25 gas card to ease the blow. Upon arrival, "Mr. Bubbles" greeted me in monotone, processed my credit card, and said "here are your cookies and your gas card." That was awkward - it was as if I had asked for or even knew I was getting the cookies. Just "here's your cookies" Not - we see you've traveled a long way - here are some warm cookies to brighten your day. So, I try to remain positive, I think, maybe its me, maybe I'm just tired....I go to my room. I enter the 2nd floor hallway and notice a blood stain, a large blood stain on the carpet in the hall just before I get to the room that completely weirded me out. I stayed in room 218. The room appears to be well-appointed but upon further inspection I notice the back of the flat painted hollow-core bathroom door was filthy, and the wallpapered light switch cover was equally filthy. Yuck! I was so grossed out! The caulking around the tub looked like a 6 year old did it. After close inspection, I crawl in bed. The bed was the most ridiculously uncomfortable bed I have ever slept in, unless you count the pull out couch I stayed on once as a kid. I locate the remote and discover that there is no Food Network or HGTV or any of the other basic cable channels you might expect...are you serious! There is so much hallway noise in this property, its just retarded; the kids running up and down the halls could be remedied if there was security present. This is not the hotels fault but there were people talking in the hallway at all hours like they live in a barn. There are huge gaps under the doors - maybe when they tore out the old 1972 shag carpet, it left a space and they never did anything about it. Hey, Doubletree, here's a clue: replace the doors with ones that fit for the sake of your guests. IMPORTANT TIP: The first night I forgot to set the thermostat fan to ON and heard planes coming in till all hours. Three thirty in the morning, I'm screaming BE QUIET!!! as my neighbors on the second floor apparently leaving to catch early flights forget some people are still sleeping. I recommend you DO NOT choose this hotel unless your only other choice is sleeping on the streets of Charlotte. If you do stay here, set the fan to the permanently ON position and leave your TV on low volume for white noise. Adding insult to injury, I woke up the first morning with a bite mark in my right forehead hairline -- do not have a clue what THEE HECK that was all about. My skin crawls to think about it. I still havent ruled out that I have hitchhikers.As I was leaving, I encountered several of the housekeeping staff cluttering the walkway near the elevators. They stared and commented to each other that "everybody is trying to get outta here" I said good morning, and they replied and stared as my daughter and I struggled with our belongings. Not one staff person ever offered a hand. I passed my "parting thoughts" survey across the counter to the man at the front desk - and told him he was the first person to have smiled since I checked in two days ago. He said "oh no" and I said "oh yes" and out the door we went. I come to Charlotte about once a month, but I will never stay there again! BEWARE!!!! Doubletree Charlotte Airport is DoubleGross! Zero stars!
2	To get to the point... Not worth the money. Lamp buzzed when it was on, only got about 15-20 channels, no mini-fridge, no internet, no complementary breakfast. Breakfast was $10 for 2 eggs, side of meat and a drink... On top of it, after a long road trip, i tried to make small talk with the receptionist, and she was extremely rude. Last thing I want to deal with after driving 10 hours. The place is a big circle, so it is a hassle to get around, and on top of it, it seemed damp and smelly. If I had to say anything nice to say about it, it had a comfortable bed, and a nice bathroom. That's it. Save your money, and find a different place to stay at.
1	I conducted a last-minute small meeting at this location and without a doubt will not be conducting anymore meetings here.1) The meeting rooms are on the 3rd floor & the bathrooms are on the 1st... do the math.2) Nobody checked on us the entire day to make sure everything was acceptable. I guess they knew it wasn't!3) The AC unit in the meeting room was so loud that we had to turn it off and suffer through a hot meeting.The Sales Manager followed up with me and really didn't have anything to say, except for she wished that I would have found her to tell her about the AC unit. She couldn't say anything else and my guess is that she knew that the meeting rooms were substandard.I am having another meeting (larger) next month at the Doubletree, but at the one in South Park. Hopefully it will be A LOT better, then again, can't get much worse!Update: the meeting at the Southpark location was great. They exceeded expectations and will be booking with them again.
1	This hotel I used to love...It has proceeded to get worse and worse with each visit. The last time I came in on a redeye, the rooms were not even ready. The pilot on our flight, as less than enthuised when the cheerful manager offered us a breakfast voucher. Advising her that after flying all night none of us were truly hungry for some buffet breakfast, but we just wanted our beds and a hot shower. She then ante'd up a dinner voucher. Nonetheless, we waited almost 45 minutes for our rooms. There are always, ALWAYS, issues with the hotel shuttle..its late..too full... something.. Always! I found the hotel clerks to be rude when we tried to use our vouchers that nite, as the cafe questioned it. THEN took more than 40 minutes to get a sandwiche and soup ready. It started to feel like a joke on the flight crew. I can't really ever get the internet to work in the rooms. But I do like the gym. I have to say something positive.
4	This is the first time i have ever been here.It is not too bad at all.             The van picked us up at the airport within about 10 min of us waiting at the curb. So that was good.  The hotel had our rooms ready right away.    Rooms were nice, and the heat worked,which was good because, it was 40 degrees outside!       Beds are good.  Bathroom nice and clean, could of used more towels though. I called for a sewing kit and a face cloth.      They brought it up right away.                                                             The only thing that was not so good,was the strange smell in the hotel. Like that Florida smell.  You know how warm places that are damp have an odd smell.You have to pay for internet but, you do get the famous Doubletree cookie.
2	Don't usually stay at Doubletree's, but I was at the mercy of my coworker so I booked it.  We just stayed one night since we had a flight out the next morning.  Check in was easy and the warm chocolate chip cookie was a nice surprise.  Room was average, but I do have to say the bed and pillows were super comfy.  There was no fridge or microwave in the room.  The rooms are older, but I felt were pretty clean.  Also, unless you are elite level (which I'm not yet) you don't get free breakfast or Internet.  Limited TV stations as well.  Which with no Internet, and limited TV I was glad I had packed some magazines for entertainment!But if you are only in town for a night, it's not a bad place, I guess I just expected more from a Doubletree.
1	If you stay at hotels long enough.. every 50 or so times you will hit a real stinker where the place is so poorly managed that you need to get up - leave and stay elsewhere.  This is the place to avoid.Try to contact the management and you won't get anywhere.  I am thinking of contacting the Hilton group about Karen Sullivan the general manager of this zoo and getting some answers as to why we were treated so badly.  No fridge, Microwave or working shower.  The rooms smell of smoke and were so noisy from the construction that we had to leave to get some sleep.  This was a real rip off.
3	We booked with a nice rate for this place, and the best thing aside from that was that the bed was very comfortable!  The staff was also very gracious providing us with free warm cookies upon check in, and two bottles of complementary water in our room with a small wrapped chocolate graham cracker.Both hubby and I enjoyed 2 nights of sweet sleep. Worst part is that you can hear the planes overhead since it is near the airport, and I didn't like that at all.Our room was clean, but upon using the bathtub I did notice a stain behind the toilet that I should have reported. We didn't eat in the dining room, or use the pool which looked lovely outside of our window, so  I can't comment on that.We did notice no refrigerator or microwave- but since we didn't need one it wasn't a concern to us.Basically we only stayed to sleep there. Given what we paid, I would stay again without question.Otherwise, not.
2	Details.....details. Little things bug me, like a missing ironing board (just as I'm ready to press a wrinkled shirt...had to use a towel on top of a desk), like a shower nozzle that's situated for 5 footers, like a TV remote that doesn't work unless it's three feet in front of the TV... All in all, a clean room, good rate, a comfortable bed, and a decently appointed fitness room, but it was the details that killed this trip.
1	I used to like the doubletree but now the only good thing seems to be the cookies. The tv remote doesn't work. The restaurant is awful (too much salt). Business center has broken printer and staff seems unconcerned. The satellite reception is crappy and they don't provide a single bottle of water in room. Supposed clean towel when opened was dirty (pink fingernail polish.. no it wasn't mine)This was 3 days of minor but frustratingly irritating events. To top it all of the night shift was just unpleasant and hardly acknowledged you as you passed by. The one person who did a great job, was our van driver Micheal. Do yourself a favor stay elsewhere this hotel doesn't seem to want the business.
3	Good service, clean rooms, ok restaurant...nothing special about this place.  Good place for a short layover.
1	As I waited curbside for the airport shuttle, little did I know what I was about to walk into.  As I piled into the back of the shuttle, and watched it fill up, I thought to myself, "This must be a popular place." Boy was I wrong. As we all lined up for check in (half of us out the door), the front desk announced that they only had one computer working and it would take some time. I was number 7 in line. As I made it up to the marble counter and said hello to the person checking me in and the 4 others who were behind the desk, I noticed that "old" smell..... You know that smell that makes you think mildew? Mold? Nope, it was the natural perfume of the entire building (at least the parts that I was in). I was given my room, and I walked in and noticed a GIANT stain on my recently redone carpet, the light fixture was leaning to one side and falling off the wall, and my AWESOME view was a giant satellite dish and what looked like some rusted out shacks in the parking lot.So I grabbed the remote and was greeted by a bunch of back buttons (the numbers had been worn off). The only one I could read was MENU and it did not work. After figuring out which buttons did what (Thank God I did not end up accidentally buying hotel porn!) I started trying to change the channel. I could change by using the button to look at the next channel up or down the list, but if I hit a number, it would simply sit on the screen. If I wanted channel 24, it would first show channel 2, and after hitting 4 like 5 times, the 2 would be replaced with a 4 and it would sit there until I turned the TV off and turned it back on.This hotel was a lot like the Monday Night Pre-Season Game I was watching... Not inspiring confidence. After calling down to the front desk and asking for a 7:30 shuttle and a 7 am wake up call, I eat my delivered dinner (I dare not try the hotel's food) and set the Hilton Clock in my room for a 6:45 alarm.The next morning I woke up on my own at about 6:50 to my alarm clock blinking because the alarm was going off, but the alarm itself was broken. As I walked towards the bathroom, I noticed 2 pieces of paper under my door. It was my bill, but you would not know it. Usually Hilton family hotels print everything (including your bill) on company letter head so you know where it came from. These bills were simply printed on white copy paper. If this was not a metaphor for my whole experience, I do not know what would be. This place does not live up to the Double Tree standard. Not Going Back.
2	The first room that I got had a funny smell. They called me and asked me how my room was and I let them know that I wasn't fond of the funny smell so they asked me to come down so that I can switch rooms. The second  room was really clean and no funny smell.  the only issue that I had was that the walls are paper thin and I can hear every phone conversation from the room next door. The person next door was on the phone all night laughing. I had to sleep with the TV on. You can also hear every door close in the hallway through the night.
2	They gave me an occupied room to start. No free Internet access like most Hilton brands I use. No free breakfast with nerve to ask $13 for the buffet. Bathtub drain was broke. It's a nice clean comfy place to sleep. But today's markets demand key amenities like Internet and breakfast.
2	Only giving two stars for the staff because they were MOSTLY great- basically just a two night stay, no biggie, but I'm a hilton honors member and I really expected more: whn I got into my room I noticed the hallway was VERY warm leading up to my rm. great, since it was chilly outside, EXCEPT my room was FREEZING. Why? The heater was broken. PLUS- the door was broken: meaning whn I opened the door the deadlock popped out and prevented it from closing. The first night I was in the room I got WAY too comfortable before realizing my door had not truly closed behind me. NOT cool. This made me a bit paranoid throughout my stay: had to physically hold the lock n the door to allow the door to close. I arrived late Friday (10/11) night after driving all the way from Smithfield (3hrs away), and after having a late dinner with friends in concord I arrived at abt 1/2am. After getting to my rm and realizing the heat was busted naturally I went downstairs- unfortunately there was only one gentleman at the from who was sweeping the floors. Although he was nice enough listening to my issue he unfortunately was dumbfounded as to what to do. I was honestly too wiped out from my travels to care, not wanting to wait for the lady attendant and go gather the rest of my things. I'm truly glad I brought a sweater w sweatpants and socks up. Also, after hanging out at the bar and talking to a friendly English gentleman who stays frequently and extensively at this hotel (he mentioned abt 6mos out of the year, name is Jim) and with the barkeep, Rob, overhearing, apparently the lock issue is an ongoing recurring issue. c'mon, Doubletree!!!! What happened to ur standards?!?!!! Well, I'm leaving today (10/13) And Fortunately my stay was not in vain as the redeeming factors at this hotel were accessibility to The city and the company I kept while here: staff w a good attitude, and great friends, old and new.
4	I have nothing much to say.. This is a good place. The only drawback is that there are nothing to do around here, unless yoir staying before flying out from CLT airport.Food is anothet issue, only few restaurant within walkin distance. But there is always room service.Overall... This is a nice place.
3	This Doubletree near CLT is reasonably priced and perfectly fine if you're not expecting fancy. Standard DT set up - cookies, breakfast, free wifi for premium HHonors members. The rooms have not been updated in who knows how long, but they are clean.Location relative to CLT and downtown Charlotte is about 20 minutes for both. I'd stay here again for the convenience factor but if there was something newer within the same price range, I'd probably go with the newer hotel.
4	I stay here on business while visiting a customer right down the street. Rather far from decent restaurants but not a bad stay and very comfortable. Hilton honors club members have our own floor.
2	Met a friend here for breakfast so I can't tell you anything about the rooms. What I did experience was a friendly check-in clerk and a large roomy parking lot that is right around the corner from the airport.For the breakfast, at 8:15 on a weekday it was very well picked over. White bread, gone. Scrambled eggs, gone. Bacon, nearly gone. Sausages, nearly gone. They were probably cooking up more in the back, but what I saw was disappointing.It's probably a really nice hotel (my friend said good things about his room) but the breakfast let them down.
4	Get something in the restaurant that goes with their Salsa. The Salsa is exceptional. Very pleasant and courteous waitstaff.
1	My husband and I stayed here recently. The room was nice, but you could hear everything in the room next door because the walls are so thin. It's close to the airport, so you could also hear the planes. Just too noisy. Breakfast was overpriced!The worst thing about this hotel is that the maid stole my watch and cross necklace. The hotel clerk would not let us speak to a manger, so we had to file a report with the police. I'll probably never see those cherished items again, and we will NEVER stay here!
2	This seems to be indicative of the Doubletree brand in a down spiral.  The hotel is old and appears to be converted from another chain. I only stayed one night due to other hotels being sold out.  The room was spacious, but the wallpaper was peeling, the fixtures in the bathroom were heavily rusted.   To make matters worse, the heating did not work.  The walls were paper thin and every noise from inside walls was as if I was in the same room. If you can stay somewhere else, do.
