2	So I called a random Pizza Hut, found out they won't deliver to my house.  They give me the number of the closest Pizza Hut.  I call them.  They don't deliver to my house either, but I can come pick it up.  So, I order my pizzas for all the folks there watching the game that night (Night is actually an important detail here) and about 10 minutes later I drive on over.  I can't help wondering why this location just 8 minutes away from my house doesn't deliver.  Now I know.The Pizza Hut doesn't have a door. It has a window.  Yes, a window.  More in the "Protective" than the "Decorative" sense of a window.  There are 3 groups already there ahead of me.  Two look quite respectable, one... well-l-l........quite a bit less so.  One group picks up their pizza.  Down to 3 of us.  The other group is a small family and they are ordering right at the window and are going to wait for it to be ready.  Scary guy, who's been kinda twitching and not making eye contact, says I can go ahead of him.  Thank goodness!  I grab my pizzas and I'm out of there.  While the pizza was fine there (not impressive but didn't make me sick), I am never, ever, ever picking up pizza here alone at night.  Ever.
1	I ordered the overstuffed Italian pizza for $12.99 by phone per the operators (sounds like a African American woman) suggestion that i order this special.  So i say" Okay, sounds like a tasty pizza, i will have one".  I completed my order and the operator said" Okay, that will be out to you in one hour".      At this point i am very hungry because i'm working a 16 hour shift and i'm not allowed to leave my post while on duty so i have to get my pizza delivered.1 hour 20 minutes later i call them back and ask "Where is my order? The operator (sounds Hispanic or White) answers" I'm sorry sir, we cancelled the order due to the fact we no longer carry that type of pizza." "We also tried to call the number you gave us to inform you of this."  I informed her that there were no missed calls on my desk phone and i was by that phone 90% of the time in the last 2 hours.The operator offered me a discount if i reordered another pizza and i asked" How long will it take to get it out to me?"   The operator said" 1 hour".   I said" No thank you"   It was already late into my shift and i could just stay hungry till i got home.  If she would have said" 30 minutes" then i would have reordered another pizza.I will not order from this location again. They have workers there that ring up pizza specials that they no longer offer. lol Advice to the Manager of this restaurant: Remove menu items that you no longer offer FROM THE CASH REGISTER COMPUTER.  Then you can avoid these types of problems.
1	People in the hood need to learn how to follow directions. I made an online order and the driver read me what I ordered and looked at what I didn't order.
1	Terrible experience. I wish I could give negative stars or no stars. Placed an online order and paid with a credit card recently. The driver was 20 mins late! The pizza and wings were not hot. We called this location advised that our order is late and food was lukewarm. The person that answered advised that they were busy, didn't apologize and supposedly gave a $5 credit for our next order. Days later, looked at my credit card account statement and was CHARGED AN EXTRA $3!!!! This is CC fraud! Best believe I contacted this location very upset. Supposedly they are firing the delivery driver because we are the second caller to report this kind of incident. Makes me wonder how many other innocent people they are doing this to and other things. Businesses like this do not deserve to be open. If this is a franchised location, shame on the person running this. This is not a way to run a business. Maybe just simply hire deserving, trust worthy people that do their job.  If anyone has to order from this Pizza Hut for whatever reason: Words of advise - check your order, keep track of the time from when your order was placed and pay in cash.
3	Yeah its a window. Hardly any parking to speak of. Would give it a higher review if it was a an actual sit down resteraunt. My pizza wings and bread sticks were fine. But have to say I get better quality from domino's pizza.
1	I would give negative stars if I could. I ordered a couple pizzas and some wings and the order took 2 1/2 hours to arrive. Two and a HALF HOURS!!! When it finally arrived it was cold. Not even luke warm. We called to complain and they gave us a credit but in order to use the credit we had to call in the order instead of order online. So we just called to use our credit. The pizza guy came and asked for the full amount...no credit was applied. He didn't even offer to call in and clear up the confusion. We sent him back with some choice words and didn't get our pizza's.  EPIC FAIL PIZZA HUT! TWICE!These guys are seriously operating with brainless idiots. Pretty sure they are completely stoned over there. It's a complete joke. NEVER EVER order from this place EVER!
1	Called today to order a pizza was told they won't deliver to me. No reason why. Nothing. I wont order from them again. Their loss. Funny they used to deliver here. Scoffs .. Guess my money isn't green enough for them.
1	I want to give negative stars but I can't. Live in a nice quiet part of town. Just moved to some apts about 3 weeks ago. Have been ordering pizza hut at LEAST twice a week AFTER 7 PM, over tipping because I know how it is as a driver. I place an online order on 12/19 around 10:25, get a call 30 MINUTES LATER from the so called "manager" saying "we don't deliver to apt complexes after dark". mind you "dark" is at 5:30pm this time of year. My intelligence has never been so insulted. I will never order from here again and I will def tell anyone who I can to not patronize with this company. I will be taking my boycott to all other forms of social media, small issue or not.
