4	The resort course at Ballantyne is a wonderful test of golf.I have played it numerous times in tournaments, most recently this summer, and the layout is a lot of fun in the gambling-style Captain's Choice format. The course has always been in good shape during my visits, with a large range and heaving, rolling putting green available to get you warmed up.The course boasts holes of varying length, which will have you reaching for just about every club in your bag at one point or another.The greens are large and fast, but receptive, and the bunkers are large and deep but playable.I have two favorite holes at Ballantyne: the short dogleg right 3rd and the longer dogleg left 18th. The third is a nearly 90 degree dogleg that forces a decision off the tee...do I take the aggressive route with a driver, aim over the trees and brush and potentially drive the green, or play it safe straightaway, leaving a wedge in my hands for my second shot.I love holes that offer this kind of risk-reward opportunity.The 18th is the signature hole at Ballantyne. You tee-off from an elevated tee towards the majestic hotel. The fairway bends left towards the green, with a creek on the left and lake on the right. The green is large, tiered and bunkered.Navigate it safely and you're ready for the 19th hole. Or, if you're like me, you're ready for the 19th hole regardless!
5	I had a really great round of golf here today. NIce rolling hills and excellent conditions made for a great morning. Finished the round in less than 3 hours with no trouble.
4	Nice course. I'm guessing it's much nicer in the spring or summer. After the heavy rains, we were cart path only the entire round. The fairways are very nice and well kept, but very brown. The greens were kept green and were fast. Well designed and was quite challenging. Unfortunately our outing was with 40 degree weather and 40 mph winds. Not too much fun weatherwise. It seemed as though we were hitting into the wind the entire round. Had a nice pro shop and clubhouse. The club rentals were also pretty nice (Nike).
