2	This place is so shady.  They get you drawn in with the beautiful landscaping, but when you finally get moved in it is a whole different story.  I have had so many issues, especially when first moving in and the condition of the apartment when I first got here (it was so disgusting and has all of the old amenities which were not updated upon moving it, but what I am paying for each month).  It seems like the only way to get things done is to be mean to the employees, which it is not their fault that the people they work for are cheap and do not manage or prioritize correctly.  For example, you may call to get something fixed in  your apartment and it will take WEEKS and multiple phone calls until someone actually comes to fix it!  I would say that if the place was cheaper to live at, you could expect such things, but when I hear that apartments on Apache have a better response time, there is cause for concern.  Bottom Line: Find another place to live.
5	I'm utterly baffled by the other reviews of Lakeview at the Bay.  It sounds like a completely different place than the one I've grown to love and appreciate in the year that my husband and I have lived here.  The landscaping is gorgeous, a mixture of natural rocks and a stream that runs through the whole place.  Ducks and other wildlife often frequent the lawns.  Lakeview boasts not one but two pools with two jacuzzis.  One pool is huge, resort size, while the other one is smaller but by no means tiny.  In the summer, people are often barbecuing on the available grills or hanging out by the pool.  Our apartment boasts a patio, washer/dryers in the unit, walk-in closets, and two bathrooms.  Our fireplace is cozy in the wintertime.  Any time we've had minor issues (we're talking the pilot light on the fireplace going out or a drawer breaking), the people at the office have sent someone out as soon as possible and communicated what they were doing.  Any time we've visited the office, we've been met with friendly faces and genuine help.  They always give our dog, Stella treats.  It's a small thing, but it makes us feel very welcome.  Like I said, I'm completely confused by the other reviews.  I'm not saying they aren't valid.  They are simply the opposite of the experience my husband and I have had.  Our area is quiet and low-key.  If I had any complaint, it's that my downstairs neighbour smokes on his patio and the smoke drifts up into our house.  Second-hand smoke is dangerous!  Other than that, there's nothing I could possibly say that's negative.  One day, we'll get a house, and it will be a sad day that we have to leave here because it's simply beautiful.  Any time my friends visit, they comment on how fabulous our place is.  I'm proud to live here!
1	This place is awful there is no security, my car was vandalize and they didn't seem to care, they have a lot of problems here, and one of the worst people in the office is Kurl, he acts all nice trying to get you to sign up the lease and after you do he completely change.
2	I've lived here going on three weeks now, and I have to side with those who state that this place is Shady.  Yes, with a capital "S". In the first 24 hours I lived here, among the issues that I had to deal with were an ant infestation in my kitchen (i.e., crawling all over my microwave, cabinets and stove area) and a 15+ year old washer that leaked water into the brand new carpeting.  FIRST 24 HOURS.  I had to push and push HARD to get some action from them on it.  I was told by the salespeople in the front office that their pest control person probably wouldn't be able to make it out that day to take care of it.  That they would reimburse me for any products that I might buy from say Home Depot, to control the ants.  This is after standing in the office for at least five minutes while the staff were in the back room chatting and I overheard one of them jokingly ask if anyone had "contacted the guy in apartment ### yet who left a 30 minute message about ants in his apartment."  Really?  The proper response is if your regular guy isn't available, you call someone else until you find someone who is.  Better yet, you have a contingency already mapped out to ensure that your tenants are taken care of.  When your sole job and responsibility is customer satisfaction, be it in helping someone sign a lease or to ensure that those who have are well cared for, you do not tell jokes about a brand new tenant who has a kitchen that is unusable upon initial move in.  There have been several things since that make it very apparent that the owners do not in any way reinvest money back into this property.  Everything from the condition of my apartment to the state of the grounds.  Someone else mentioned the birds.  It's not only ducks.  There are a lot of pigeons as well, and at times there is bird/duck dropping covering the sidewalks.  I've also seen quite a few feral cats around the property with babies in tow.  The creek running throughout is a nice touch, however it gets very minimal attention from the staff that I've seen.  I can occasionally smell the chemicals that they dump into it, but it's obvious by looking at the water itself, and more specifically the film on the rocks that line the creek bed, that they don't do much more than that.  They have an obvious discoloration to them that is quite gross.One of the shadiest things they do is when you first tour the property.  The specific unit that they wish to rent you never seems to be available for viewing, but they are more than happy to show you a model.  What they don't tell you, is that the model is *very* well kept in comparison to the rental units.  They also don't take the time to point out that the model has several "upgrades" done to it.  These upgrades are available to you once you realize they aren't already in your dwelling, which somewhat interested me at first.  As such, I asked for a list of the upgrades, which they provided.  I then took that sheet to the Lowe's down the street and, upon comparing the items and pricing, came to the realization that they are charging full retail price for these items - though you, the renter, do not get to keep these items once you leave.  The only saving grace I've encountered thus far is the politeness of the maintenance staff.  I'm not certain what all they are charged with here, but they are nice enough.  Perhaps I am spoiled.  I spent the last 10 years living at Mark Taylor properties and, while they may be more expensive, they absolutely do NOT do business like this place does and they work very hard to keep their apartments and their grounds in spotless, top-notch condition.  It would be one thing if Lakeview was MUCH less expensive than the surrounding establishments, but they aren't.  And when you charge nearly mortgage level amounts for rent, then I expect to see my money be reinvested back into the property.  I do not see that here and would recommend to anyone interested in living here to look elsewhere.
2	Originally, I was in love with this place. I have lived here going on my 5th month. In the beginning, they were generous and extremely satisfactory. Now that I've actually been through hell with them, my opinion has completely changed. When they went to go deposit a check I had written to them, they ended up getting all screwed up in the office and deposited two checks (one post-dated for a few weeks following) - This withdrew my account and I ended up speaking to the property manager and everything seemed handled, right? I think not. I go in to pay my rent and its an extra $70+ dollars added to my account. MY question -Why?! According to the property manager, who of course just had to intervene, the account charges were only covered to a point... SO, you're trying to tell me that because of your mistake I have to pay EVEN MORE? Excuse me, but that is not my error nor am I at fault. Then, she had the nerve to tell me to "check" my attitude - all the while she was giving me attitude. WELL, if that is the way you want to treat your residents who can, for example, just go and log onto Yelp! and write of all the horrid experiences they have, they go right on ahead. The secondary problem I have with this place is that I was sent a check in the mail to cover my tuition and "the new post office guy" checked it in twice as delivered, and its NO WHERE TO BE FOUND. Again, Miss Property Manager just said "It is not my problem." and "You are the third person who has come to me with this issue." How am I supposed to feel comfortable about receiving confidential and pertinent mail? I hate writing all this bad things about Lakeview because, really, I love my 2bd/2ba apartment, I love the pool and the complex is absolutely beautiful! But I have been left with no choice at this point! I am so aggravated and disgusted about the way I have been treated. And my real issue is that NO ONE is going to do anything about it!
1	We've lived here for a year now and are NOT resigning. The unsatisfactory posts are all accurate for the majority of people who live/lived here. When we first moved in we also had a cockroach infestation.. The place was trashed (coloring crayons all over the walls, back patio, kitchen). Mold was covered in our toilets and showers, the sinks were clogged with hair and other disgusting particles. The dryer had not been cleaned out leaving a HUGE fire hazard had we not caught it. On top of that, many drawers were broken and when we asked maintenance to come fix them it took almost a month. About 2 months in to our lease, our washer broke. It took 3 weeks to get a new one. Four months later our dryer broke. We contacted the front office about it for THREE MONTHS until someone came. Even when they came they didn't fix it and left mess. A month after the mess, and a few more complaints, we finally got it fixed. Finally, this past week our A/C went out. Our roommate called the office while we were out of town to get it fixed. When we came home it was still out and had to call again to get it fixed. Two days later, we woke up sweating with no air because the maintenance did a half ass job (as always). Above all the horrible customer service and lack of taking care of tenants, the community constantly smells like marijuana, is not secure (two locked bikes of ours were stollen) and filled with very rude people and staff. Although this place looks nice and is in a "quiet" location, your money will be much better spent elsewhere.
1	i lived here 2 years ago and i didnt stay long. this place is very nice looking but not when you start getting settled in. i had problems with the staff once i had to leave when i was pregnant. I tried to do a payment plan with them but when they printed out an agreement they left out when the payment was going to end, which mad me suspicious. my sister tried telling them to add the end date then she would sign it but the lady handling it got mad and said it was going straight to our credit. i think all they want is money and if they dont get it they'll do whatever to hurt you, credit wise. DONT TRUST THIS PLACE!!
1	If I could give this place zero stars, I would. DO NOT MOVE INTO THIS PLACE!- 6 tiles in the shower fell out, exposing dry rot and black mold. They refused to fix this for 2.5 months.- Water damage in the outside storage closet ruined my belongings. They didn't care.- They lost my master key and asked to keep one of the two they gave me. - Forgot to charge me part of my move in fee. So after I had lived there for 2 MONTHS, they sent me a lovely request for $850.00Besides the most unfriendly, horrible management I have ever experienced, this place has absolutely NO parking, trashy grounds, gross west nile breeding ponds everywhere. The gates are ALWAYS broken. Literally the worst place I have ever lived in. RUDE RUDE RUDE! Don't waste your time and money - you will regret moving here. All of the negative reviews are 100% accurate. I ignored them when I moved in here, and I wish I didn't.
4	You know, this place wasn't all that bad. Had a 2 bedroom for $600 a month and lived here for 2 years. It's a cheap apartment in a great location. I'm in the Seattle area now praying to find an apartment like this.I had my car broken into once when I was gone for 2 weeks. But I only lost a $50 stereo so overall I came out on top. The other tenants are a little rough, but hey if you want better neighbors you have to spend more money. I never felt unsafe, my biggest complaint is the kids running down the hallway or constant leaf blowing on Saturday Mornings.Parking wasn't perfect, but I always found a spot. If the laundry room is full, just go to another floor.
