3	Not too shabby, this location is a lot nicer than some other locations in the valley that are way too ghetto. I found some nice accessories for my house and really nice cushions for $7-8 bucks. Maybe there were having a really off night based on the last reviewers review. They always ask me if I need help.
2	This place never has new stuff
4	This is one of the better Ross stores out there as far as merchandise.I found KidRobot bags for my girls here for more than 80% off the retail price.I found Paper Denim & Cloth jeans here for $16-$19.  I found Calvin Klein sunglasses that retailed for $119 here for $16.There are a-hole workers at almost every workplace..  Don't let those people deter you from getting a deal.
4	Sometimes you get a great deal when you come in the right time!
4	I've been to this location of Ross a couple of times now. Today I found a Steven Madden handbag, two Calvin Klein maxi dresses and a Free People shrug all for $88 bucks! I would have no doubt paid over $200 retail. I was impressed. I'm not sure if I came in right after shipment day but I found the goods on this shopping trip. Sometimes these stores are not the most organized but this one is not to bad and if you are looking for a good deal you can find it with some searching.The fitting rooms are small but clean. The fitting room attendant was friendly and upbeat. I did have to wait about ten minutes to check out but it was not to bad. The cashier who checked me out was very nice and we made good conversation.I will be back to check out future deals on cute dresses!
1	Avoid this place! Their registers are horribly understaffed while employees just stand around and laugh. I'm posting this review on 12/15, the heart of the holiday shopping season and have been waiting in line for 30 minutes. They only have 2 registers open with a bunch of employees standing around. Annoying!!
3	I have always been a ROSS lover and addict! However, this location, the loss prevention people are ridiculous. I make it a point to go in only wearing my clothes and holding my cell phone and debit card so I don't get tailed. This doesn't always work. There is a tall bald guy who seriously glares at me every freaking time I go in. I'm not sealing shit you jerk, I don't have anything to put anything in!!! Do you know how horrible this is when I'm shopping? To have loss prevention walk up and down the clothing aisles in front of me over and over? Back the hell off! Why would anyone want to shop here with this? Also, why can't this place open anymore lines? There are always only one or two staff cashiers and a huge line. Target is across the highway....
2	35 minutes. That is how long I waited in line to pay for one dress yesterday at this location of Ross. By the time I got to check out there were probably over 30 people in line behind me that wrapped around the store and they were probably in for an even longer wait. I should have just thrown in the towel after 15 minutes but the urge to buy an amazing Calvin Klein dress for $12.99 took over. The staffing and management situation here is absolutely ridiculous. During my 35 minute wait I observed many things. There were only two cashiers able to ring up purchases, one who was taking returns only but who did not help purchasing customers at all when no one was in her line. About 10 minutes into my wait in line, one of the cashiers who was ringing up purchases had to clock out for a break or to leave for the day. It seems to me like she was under extreme pressure to clock out because I heard her say "well now I feel under pressure" because it was taking her an extremely long time to ring up the person she was helping because they had a million and one items. I think that the associates are probably under penalty of getting pay docked or getting written up if they don't clock out on time (this is the case in many big box retail stores) which is an absolutely ridiculous policy especially on a busy day. If this is the case, someone should be ready to go right away on another register or a manager should take over because this would leave only one cashier to ring up purchases, and it did. This is when the line began to get ridiculously long and I was happy that i got in line when I did. I observed many associates "lingering" and chatting and while being a cashier may not be their job title, they should not even be in sight while 30 people wait in line thinking, why the hell are they not on the registers. At one point an extremely irritated customer yelled out, "why don't you open another register?!?" To which the equally irritated cashier yelled out "a manager is on her way up!" We all waited another 10 minutes, the line moving about one customer every 3 to 5 minutes. I really kept thinking I should just leave but I had already waited so long at that point, which I'm sure is what most people in line were thinking. I observed many new incoming associates clocking in at the front registers but no one stayed to help. I felt really bad for the lone associate ringing people up because lord knows she was going to hear it from all of the extremely irritated customers and it really wasn't her fault at all, she was really the only one there working her butt off to go as quickly as she could.Finally a second cashier appeared after about 20 minutes of being in line with just the one cashier. They did have about 6 registers in total BTW, that could have been open. The second cashier really took her time to get her register up and running. She was writing things down, looking around and seemed to enjoy that we were all chomping at the bit to be checked out. She had no urgency at all, no respect for her fellow cashier or customers. She opened the register after about 3 minutes of writing something down. The line slowly started moving a little bit. At this point some people had decided to leave but most stayed, irritated and frustrated at the situation. I finally was up at the front, next in line to check out. A loss prevention associate was gathering carts in front of the line and almost rammed one into my side. I redirected the cart right before impact. She very rudely told me that I could have helped her instead of watching her struggle, and biting my tongue I said I was sorry. I really thought to myself that I did help her, from crashing the carts into the crowd and why the hell was she moving the carts at that time anyways in front of a line of over 30 people!!To sum things up. This store is managed extremely poorly. I feel sorry for the associates who work here and who are probably told off constantly by unhappy customers and by management. I really don't feel like giving money to a store that is so poorly run. I am done with this Ross store.
2	Location is alright cuz it's near Ultra.  Product selection is alright too.  Prices vary but if you shop enough you know a good price when you see it.  The check out can make or break your experience here.  Today it was a bust.  I was not going to stand in a line that went to the back of the store.  I'm thinking they need a couple more cashiers on the weekend.  I left what I was going to purchase and just left because I didn't want to stand in such a long line.
1	A week before Christmas and they have 1 cashier working? What the heck? This location is consistently under staffed and looks like a bomb went off. While I was in line the manager came to the front of the store and said, "OMG, I have no cashiers!" and walked off. I feel like the employees just stand around and don't do anything. It's pretty frustrating when you're waiting in line for 30-35 min to buy one item and you see two people just standing there.
