1	Summary for phone Yelpers and the TLDR crowd:This place is fast and shitty. They can't speak English or cook. Avoid even in the most dire situations involving hunger. Possibly a good place to score drugs. This review centers around the carne asada burrito. This burrito should only be used to play a cruel joke on the homeless as it looks like a wealth of food but it's really a mirage wrapped in a flour tortilla.Alternate food recommendation would be the Jack in the Box a half mile north.Situation:I had twenty minutes to rush from the second floor of Gateway Community College to my car and haul ass anywhere with food. Getting there:My first mistake was opting to go west on Van Buren. In the same way a gas station never exists when you need fuel or a grocery store is nowhere to be found when you need milk in a new area; there is nothing. That is, until you see La Salsita on the south side just past one of twenty used car dealerships pockmarking the road fabled for its prostitution. Two miles was more of a trip than I wanted but I was happy to finally see a restaurant.Parking:If you're not going to heed the advice that follows in this review and you do choose to suffer through La Salsita yourself, make sure you attempt to enter AFTER the actual restaurant. Yes, the used car dealership does have the same color scheme but, no, you cannot park there. I assure you that parking will never be an issue lest La Salsita begins joining its neighbors in car sales.Entering:Walk past the walk-up order window that is curiously placed in a roadblock creating manner on the walkway in the event anyone is actually ordering there. Continue past the door that remains locked and has benches in front of it on the inside. Do enter through the door that leads you into a deserted Arizona room dining area which will then lead you to to the real entrance. Complete disarray.To your left, you will notice a salsa bar that features some tomatillo based sauce, a red sauce, some green muck, a pot of frijoles; and a bin of radishes and carrots which served to confuse this gringo. Menu:Standard x-berto's fareThe menu is rife with pictures. A rule many havens of cheap food seem to follow is to have plenty of pictures that look even worse than what you're about to receive. Whether or not this is due to the lacking abilities of a novice photographer friend or to prepare you for the worst is unknown.While you order at a counter parallel to the entrance, the menu is above that salsa bar on the left. It's counterintuitive but it will afford you an opportunity to do those oft neglected neck stretches left to forward.Ordering:I was being stared at by the seemingly nice woman behind the counter which caused me to precariously decide on the carne asada. She didn't speak English and my Spanish basics weren't helping me. Through pointing, shrugging, and head shaking the order came to an appropriate amount which signaled I didn't accidentally order a side of flautas for 40 or a used Hyundai.Service:The language barrier was rough but unsurprising. Since the woman didn't attempt to pull anyone else up to the front, I'm assuming I was the lone English speaker. About a minute and a half into the wait, out came my carne asada. Very fast!The food:Living up to the picture was a good looking handmade tortilla tightly wrapped. There was so much meat that, should it be any good, buying one of these burritos to take home to use as an ingredient would be feasible. On the side of the plate was a child's handful of shredded lettuce with a squirt of deflated sour cream on the top of it.I took one bite of the carne asada and couldn't believe how terribly dry and tasteless it was. There was no seasoning, no flavor, no freshness. This was meat that was cooked much earlier and sat under a lamp for hours. Acknowledging I was now only eating to satiate hunger and not to enjoy myself, I doused the thing in as much red sauce as the tortilla could handle and topped it off with the lettuce. One third was about all I could take. I thought about asking whether or not the frijoles were free since they were with the rest of the salsa bar but didn't see any point. If I got sick later, I knew I had a sole item to blame instead of two possible candidates. I chucked the rest of it and took off.Conclusion:I'm not above any of the many x-berto's. From the mid-tier cheap-o Mexican food of Filiberto's to the five star cheapness of Carolina's and Carumba's: I love Mexican food. This is why I hated La Salsita.I'm all about giving even a perceived shithole  a fair shake so I will return and play it safe with a combo plate.
3	We don't have good Mexican in Wisconsin.Yeh, it's dirty.No , they don't speak English.But the Horchata was awesome, and the food was so so.For me this is more about the experience than the food.It was over 100 degrees the night I went and there were 20 sweaty laborers sitting around watching soccer. 2 people got full for $12 - I guess I would go back.
3	My wife and I were roaming the industrial and business park area of Phoenix looking for a decent bite to eat, preferably Mexican food. We finally stumbled upon a set of about five Mexican eateries. We decided on Salsitas, which seems to be a chain in the Valley of The Sun.I wished that the woman had done a better job of speaking and understanding English. The food order was correct, and plentiful, not to mention cheap, but we had specifically asked for forks and were not given any. I had to go to our hotel's front deck and beg the clerk for a couple of plastic forks. The burrito was huge and very tasty. I had a couple of Grilled Chicken mini-tacos, and while they were pretty good, they were nothing special and I even found a few pieces of gristle. My wife had a chicken burrito and said it was huge and very good. She could not finish it. They also gave us some hot carrots so that scored well with her.Ten bucks for all of that, including four salsas and sour cream. Not bad, but I'd like to try more.
3	Shrimp burro well worth the few bucks. Don't go alone as this place is in a very bad part of town and the odds of you getting approached by a crack head or a homeless person is pretty high. Security guard may be standing out side which may give you a false sense of security, don't be fooled, he's just another valueable informant. Cashiers appreciate you speaking in Spanish.
4	Sonoran style Mexican food around Phoenix is harder to come by.  I do consider this place more of a Sonoran Style.  I have been here multiple times and I only have tried their Tacos, I can't say much about the rest of the menu.  I love their tacos since they only use flour tortillas and garnish with onions and cilantro; I love the pickled veggies; Can't beat the prices; It is very reasonable.
2	I have no complaints about the food, if you can actually get it.  I stopped going here because they keep messing up my order.  It's not like I have a complicated order, either, but when I want a bean and cheese,  I don't want a carne asada.  If I say no cheese, a burrito with cheese is not OK.  I once went here with two friends and they managed to screw up all three of our orders.  Also, I went here with a lactose-intolerant friend and he asked them to clean the grill before making his food to avoid an allergic reaction.  They looked at him like he asked for space food.  We ended up going someplace else.There's a Filiberto's up the street.  They've always managed to get my order right, so I don't bother with this place anymore.
3	I parked and as I was walking in I read a hand scrawled sign on the door "Especiales". One of these especiales was a chicharron burrito. Deep down I expected only half expected what I got when I decided to order this. Now I'm from New Mexico and a chicharron there is different from a Mexican style chicharron, for the most part. The Mexican style is the pork rind/skin usually fried till crisp then often they are either eaten alone (or with a few dashes  of hot sauce) or simmered in a red or green chile sauce until soft again.In the NEW Mexican version chicharones is the fat back, the fat and meat layer just below the skin which is cubed and rendered until crispy.  Again I was hoping it would be more on the New Mexican side. The burrito was the size of my shoe. This was a generous size  filled with whole beans, toasty homemade spanish rice and eventually I found a few cueritos/chicharrones. Honestly for $ 2.99 I can't complain. The salsa bar was ok, the salsa verde was quite good.  I also ordered a licuado de pina (a more  liquid milky version of a pineapple shake). It was just as I hoped.It's a divey joint, ala Filiberto's.  Would I go back, maybe...
3	This place has good food.  They were better when they operated out of a truck but I go there from time to time.  I've had their steak tacos and enchilladas platter.  It's pretty good.
5	Very good, fairly inexpensive, and fresh.As another reviewer stated, if you order something with a tortilla (like the hard-shelled Tacos Durados for example) they make it fresh.The Tacos Dorados are huge, and stuffed with meat and cheese (and all the other fixins) for the meager price of $1.50.The horchata is delicious, and from the looks of it, homemade.
5	Amazing fresh corn tortillas! Carnitas are delicious, and beans are yummy (sometimes spicy?). Great breakfast burritos!!
3	We came here a year ago since we were staying at a nearby hotel. The tacos were great that time but maybe it was because we were starving. The 2nd time around the tacos were okay and tasted a bit salty. Free guacamole is a plus.
5	BOMB!  This place is my favorite Mexican fast food restaurant I have discovered in the Phoenix metro area in the past four years.  I'm a first-generation Mexican American so I tend to be fairly picky about Mexican food.  Salsita's meets and exceeds all my expectations.  They have a wonderful selection of meats, and do not charge you extra to replace meats in the combination plates like other places.  For example, if you order a combo that regularly includes a shredded beef burro and would like carne asada instead, you don't have to pay an extra $2-3 like you do at other Mexican places I've been to.  They have quite a diverse menu, and serve many different dishes.  They also have a salsa bar inside, which is huge indicator to me that a Mexican place is legitimate.  The food is tasty, the salsa is spicy when it needs to be, and their guacamole is pretty dang good too.  Be careful with other Salsita's locations though.  I have discovered that the menus are not universal.  That's why this location is my absolute favorite.
2	La Salsita's is o.k. for late night tacos, but the enchiladas, and dry rice and beans that I had yesterday, tasted like a Mexican frozen television dinner.  The menu is a also misleading as it has most meals priced at $6.99 (comes with beans and rice), and then the $4.99 specials.  What they don't tell you is that if you want beans and rice with the special (in this case chicken enchiladas), that it's extra money.  It comes out to $7.40+    For a few dollars more, you can get real Mexican food at Garcia's, or Filiberto's, Humberto's, Julioberto's and all the other Berto's.  There were also flies in the dining areas.
5	Best Mexican fast food in the valley.  DON'T go to other Salsita's expecting what you get here at the 16th St location.  This is the best one!!!  We eat here waaaay to much to be unbiased, just so you know.....Bean burritos, cheese quesadillas, and occasional shrimp burritos are our staples.  Make sure to order guaca-pico on your burrito...that's what they call it.  And, we think the day cook is better than the night cook, but they are both very good.The inside is a fun, divey, middle of the night and your kid still isn't asleep-friendly kind of place.  Salsa bar and homemade frescas round out the Filiberto's style menu.
5	Awesome food! The food is fresh, your burrito or taco salad is cook up while you wait. Yes, that's right folks; they actually wait for your order and then put the meat or chicken  on the grill. I have been here over a dozen times so far and never gotten sick from the food. Not even so much as a fart. Awesome clean restaurant ; ) Yes, the area that it is in a little tough, but don't let that hold you back from checking out this diamond in the rough. Very nice staff that genuinely care about you as a customer. They have tables inside and outside on the patio. Great spot to go and grub whether it be on lunch or taking a dinner date to at night. For air travelers, it is 1 mile from the airport.
5	Open 24 hours Fresh foodFriendly serviceBest fast food in tha hood.I love the tacos de cabeza!
5	If you're not from Phoenix like myself then you know how difficult it is to find late night food. It just seems like every restaurant in the Camelback/Biltmore area closes by 10 p.m. and trying to find a good taco place can be challenging if you don't know your way around the valley. In a recent quest to find a taco spot after 11 pm I was about to give up go back to the hotel and lo an behold I come across Salsitas with a sign reading: Open 24 hours. I thought it was a mirage. Since it was the only place I could find that was open, I gave it a try and was not disappointed. I'm from L.A. and know tacos. This place is not fancy but they are serious about the food. There are various meats to choose from, a salsa bar, and a serve yourself pot of beans (yes, help yourself to some beans). I ordered asada and green chile tacos and they were solid. The tortillas are made on the spot and tacos are only $1.50! You can't beat it. Give this place a try. They even have a drive thru.
4	Stopped by for a late night dinner. Boyfriend and I were both very happy with the food. Decently priced, good quality food. I'll definitely be back.
1	Horrible  costumer service  , the pregnant casher  gets upset if u r not ready what u want while u order .   I will never go back there . Watch out people !!!
4	This place is actually pretty good if you like different types of meat in different types of sauces then this is the place for you. I am trying to get through all of them my favorite so far is the red Chilli burrito or lengua tacos with a horchata!
1	I would never come back here no more on 11/4/14 was there to buy some tacos, food was cold, tacos were tiny like 2 inches round no meat on the tortilla, just awful and expensive, place also was dirty, never again will be back there, DON'T GO to the salsitas on 24th and VanBuren .....
1	Roaches crawling  around like they work there  and maybe they should  considering  the dirty looks  and cold  reception  you get from the cashiers, along side the shit talking  in Spanish cause they think you don't understand. Not to mention  the cooks who cook your food first  if your Mexican  rather  than the order it was received and for some reason  there is some sort of ticket booth in there dispite  how small it already is . This booth would be better  placed if at all in the outer  dining area  where the is more room.
4	This review is for the Salsitas at the corner of 16th and Roosevelt. For some reason I couldn't find it on Yelp. This place has serve yourself beans and is open 24 hrs. I've been to other Salsitas but this one seems better. I'm taking a star off for their late night service. I was there at 2am and the lady was very unfriendly. It could be that it was late and she was tired. However, if you're looking for a place to grub late night this is your spot.
