5	I really love this daycare. We have been using them for years now with children of various ages. The staff is quality and they know the kids well. Our kids are happy and we rest easy knowing that they are well taken care of during the day.
1	HORRIBLE!!!!  Took a tour of facility on West Ann Rd. today (9-14-12) in the afternoon; the fact that the facility offered a web cam option was the main reason why I was excited to tour facility for my three year old daughter BUT during my tour both the tour guide and I heard what sounded like an adult yelling coming from the "baby room", only to discover that when the guide opened the door the teacher yelling at the kids was busted; tour guide told  the teacher (Ms. Stormy) that a parent was being toured and that both staff and parent heard her yelling, the teacher responded by stating, "Oh, I didn't know."  Ms. Stormy/teacher was asked to leave the room and was called to the director's office.  I was horrified by my observation and saddened for the small ones who had the look of fear in their eyes.  As a parent, my heart aches for all of the parents who rely on that child care center to care for their children only to not know what takes place at that facility despite the web cam option.  I appreciate the fact that the staff were very apologetic and reported that the staff's behavior was inexcusable but I truly believe that if one of their own staff (tour guide) did not hear the teacher yelling, I am not confident that the staff would have taken my concerns/compliant seriously.  I am not sure that Ms. Stormy is going to face the consequences for her horrible action(s) of yelling at innocent, vulnerable children. **Had to check a star to allow posting when center deserves none.
5	Bright child on Ann Rd takes great care of my child, I know he is in good hands when he's there. He loves the daily projects and has learned so much over the last year. I'm very thankful that they made potty training my son such a breeze
1	I went in there unannounced to view the school and take a tour. The ladies in the front office were warm and nice. I was impressed with the facility. We went into miss Michelle's class for the pre k. Miss Michelle was cleaning the chalk board as a lady dressed in scrubs was going over letters w/the children. The kids seemed bored and lost interest . The lady teaching the kids was SCREAMING at the kids and walked over w big eyes and told a little boy to sit down,be quite in a very aggressive manner. This is was a lasting impression!! I told the lady giving me the tour they made the worst 1st impression and my son will never go to this daycare. I feel sorry for the kids in the class. Terrible way to introduce children to learning and school.
5	I have been taking my son here to the Ft Apache location since he was about 8 months old. He is 14 months old now. He goes 5 days a week from 7:30 to 6.  His first teacher was Ms Faith. I think she is special because she takes extra time to really make a structured curriculum and teaches colors/numbers/ shapes etc even to the toddlers. She is so sweet and you can tell she really cares about the children and her job. She does art and crafts with them a lot and sends home his art projects with me. I love that.  All the other teachers are warm, welcoming and have that caring mother personality about them. I like how they give me a report each day about everything that happened (what he ate, diaper changes, naps, drinking etc). If he ever gets hurt (basic baby stuff like bonking his head on a table or scratching himself) they call me and let me know. I can call anytime during the day and ask how he is doing and they put me right through to his teacher. They also have cameras that you can view remotely! The cameras work only with PC computers and they pan across the rooms to catch everything. I only have a Mac computer so I can't use the camera but I still feel confident and comfortable that he is being well cared for. I appreciate these ladies so much. Having a peace of mind about your precious child's care is invaluable. Michelle has always been professional and welcoming. She is very sweet and easy to work with.  I feel like everyone knows my son and really cares about him, even the front office people. Ms May is great too! She is friendly and caring. They send me pictures on email once in a while too! Just cute pictures of him having fun. It warms my heart so much.Some reviews mention teachers screaming at the kids. I have only heard this once and it was in a room with a lot of kids between about 6 and 8 years old I'm guessing. A teacher was telling a kid to put a chair down that he had held up over his head. She spoke loudly to get his attention and sternly so he knew to obey. I don't consider this "screaming and telling" at the kids. Sometimes a kid needs stern loud instruction in a loud room of other kids so he doesn't end up bashing another kid in the eye with a chair leg. I've come in there many times unannounced at many different times of the day and have yet to hear or see anything questionable. My son goes to the teachers happily and he is smiling and playing before he sees me when I go to pick him up. I recommend this BCLC location to everyone.
1	I do not recommend this location to parents seeking childcare for infants (7+ months). Firstly, I'd like to say that the front desk lady (Michelle) is rude. You can tell her attitude hides behind a fake smile. - which I don't understand as someone who REPRESENTS this center, the first thing should not be a rude-uptight lady with first time guests. I had my daughter here for only 1 week with paying tuition for 2 in advance. I would frequently watch her through there daycare camera that's provided in her room she was in. I would always notice the ratio between infants were out numbered by the 'teachers'. Isn't the ratio 1:4? I did not evidence a lot of the 'teachers' paying attention to the infants as far as safety. The teacher that would be in the room would always be busy with changing diapers. In my opinion this is not satisfying at all. The infants that are in that room did not all know how to walk/crawl neither are they able to know that they would be stepping on another being. Which concerns me since my daughter was one of the few that knew crawl, the kids that would walk aren't able to realize they are walking on other babies (which is completely understandable) but that does not mean that they should be unsupervised because the ratio of the infants to teachers is below average and especially when the teacher is alone and can only do so much while changing diapers. Also, the teachers here are very short-tempered and you can see it once you drop off your infant in the mornings. Nobody likes to leave there kids with such an atmosphere of stress, temper, etc. However, there was a nice young lady who did an amazing job with my daughter and has a soft soul with patience for sitting within this particular age group but she had told me that she would be leaving within the month.The reason I had decided to take my daughter out of this child care is because she had gotten sick after I had picked her up (not a problem with that). My problem was that now it has been 2 weeks since, the day I had called to ask for my refund for the week that my daughter has not went, I had explained that I will not continue going there for childcare because of the fact that my daughter had gotten really sick and I don't like the child care treatment. The front desk lady had responded with: "Well it was her first time at the center so she was going to get sick." I'll just leave it at that. Ultimately, this center waives your registration fee and has no annual fee like most childcare centers. The rates are about average for full-time. Hence, there customer service and friendliness of staff.. you get what you pay for and this was definitely not something I'd want for my child while I'm away.I would recommend the Children's learning center located on Robindale, I have met with the infant teacher there and immediately liked her from the beginning. She was a genuine lady that loves her job - taking care of infants. The only reason I had not went to this center is because of the pricing and fee's. Although, I do believe that it is worth it all. Good luck and I'm hoping this review has been helpful for a few.
2	I was really disappointed by my experience here. I really like the place itself- the classrooms all have windows and so if a teacher is struggling another teacher can pop in to help. Also when I dropped my son off in the mornings I could tell it was cleaned the night before. I did not like the level of supervision provided to my son (13 months old). I only kept him in this daycare for 5 weeks because the staff was not good about communicating or keeping the log on my son- some days they couldn't even tell me if he napped!? Also he got sick from eating another child's food and the excuse the daycare gave me was oh they turned around for only a minute, can't watch him constantly, ect.  When this happened a number of times I decided to pull him out!! I pay the daycare to watch my child, god forbid he ever choked or something what would be their excuse then? This also happened with different members of the staff so I know it was not just a single person to blame. Don't take the risk and put your child here!
5	Ann Location!!Have a 3 year old enrolled. She's been attending for for about 4 months and she absolutely loves it. Her teacher is amazing. I don't care for the teacher in the breakfast room at all. The one before 7:30... I refuse to leave my daughter with her because she is not "warm and welcoming to the children at all" so I wait until my daughters teachers arrives. However the director of this location and the rest of the staff is great. The school is clean. The webcam services actually work, I log on to check in on my daughter quite often. I get a daily and accurate report of my daughters activities and eating habits . I'm very picky and hard to please. This is our first and only child and the staff and teachers do amazing trying to please us. If we have any issues they address them immediately.  And most of all, my daughter comes home happy. It did take my daughter an entire MONTH of crying every day to get use to going to school because she's use to being at home with me... But moms stick with it. They learn so much here!!!!
