5	I'm dissatisfied with my current gym (I won't name names...) and decided to check out Mountainside.  This facility blows my current gym out of the water!  It's pristine, spacious and has plenty of room to grow. Every part of this gym was impressive.  The equipment is pristine and cutting-edge, and there are many items that traditional gyms don't have: TRX, heavy ropes, punching bags, a boxing timer, resistance tubes, kettle bells, platforms....the list goes on. The yoga studio is another highlight. It's fully equipped with ballet barres; listen to therapeutic-sounding cascade of water during one of the many yoga, pilates or barre classes.  The locker rooms are actually a beautiful pre- and post-workout retreat.  Did I mention towel service?!!  Friendly, knowledgeable and courteous staff are a bonus.  And an awesome smoothie bar and apparel section. Drawbacks:  no basketball court or pool. My current gym has both but I don't use either, so their absence isn't a big deal to me. Also missing are sanitation stations. It would be helpful to have disinfectant handy to wipe down the equipment after use. I can see myself here. I hope they maintain the clean, pristine atmosphere!
5	I've been a member of this gym for a few weeks now, and I have no complaints. It is ideal in every way. Upon entering, you're greeted by several friendly faces in red shirts. They actually seem happy to help with any questions people have, which is nice. That's a common thread among all of the employees here. The trainers are fun, intelligent, and motivating, AND they always seem happy to answer questions about form rather than just implying you're a leech for not buying a whole session just so you can learn how to do one move. The locker rooms are fantastic- they have towel service, ample amounts of lockers, showers, and sinks, and everything is super clean. They have multiple blow dryers, q-tip dispensers, body lotion, and mouthwash. There's a steam room and a sauna. They also have plastic bag dispensers so that you can avoid your gym bag getting super smelly. The cardio area has lots of machines- I've never had trouble getting whatever I wanted to use. All the machines also have their own tvs. They have a good selection of channels, plus they show movies every day. The yoga studio is really nice. Lots of classes to choose from every day, and good instructors. I haven't actually gone to any group fitness classes, but everyone always seems to be having fun in them. The TRX / Crossfit-style area is my favorite part of the gym. Lots of kettlebells, bosu balls, medicine balls, body bars, stability balls, and other fun toys. The trainers teach a few classes in this area, but you can mostly just have free reign. There's also a smoothie bar, a massage therapist, a boxing ring & instructor, a chiropractor, tanning beds, and childcare, none of which I've ever used, but it's nice that it's there. This is a GREAT gym. It's pricier than my old gym, but 100% worth it. Also- with regards to the other review, they have dispensers of antibacterial wipes for wiping off machines after use, and people are actually pretty good about using them!
5	This is a very nice gym.  The equipment is as good as it gets. For the money, it's hard to do better than the new Mountainside Fitness on Indian Bend.
5	I'm now a proud member and I'm loving every part of this place!  It was only fair to post a review after my complementary fitness assessment. The fitness consultation was low-pressure and I felt like I actually learned something.  My activity level, goals and diet were assessed, then I was taken through a workout to evaluate my overall fitness. I was dreading the post-workout sales pitch, but Chip put me at ease and didn't try to sell something I didn't need. The facility is clean, spacious and the equipment is cutting edge.  It's impossible to become bored with your workout when you've got TRX, heavy ropes, bosu balls, kettle bells, resistance bands and a plethora of machines and free weights.I took a yoga class the other day, I was very impressed with the expertise of the instructor and the serenity of the studio itself. There are at least two classes going on simultaneously throughout the day, and you small group training, TRX, boxing and other exclusive classes are available for a small fee.  The locker rooms are clean, serene and include nice amenities--towel service is always a plus!  For an added fee, members can enjoy the "Executive Lockers," which include a few more perks than the main locker room. I was worried that it would be too crowded during peak hours, but I have yet to wait for a machine, even at 5:30/6 pm.  They switched out the paper towels for sanitizing wipes--very convenient. The staff are friendly, knowledgeable, and already know me by name. The management actually listens to member requests (I dropped a suggestion into the comment box; it was accommodated within a week!). I feel good about this place, I hope it stays this way!
5	Wow this place is awesome! Let me tell you from start to finish. I thought I would be high pressured to buy a membership or other stuff, but I wasnt. From start to finish it was so nice and actually enjoyed seeing all they had to offer! Mike the manager helped my husband and I when we first arrived. He is so nice and laid back. He gave us a tour of the gym and showed us around the diff classes they offer for free and what they charged for. He was up front about everything. They have free yoga classes and spin classes. You have to pay for a couple of the more extreme classes and 1 on 1 stuff, but thats normal. They have a tanning bed you can pay for if you want, but thats normal. They have a sauna and huge locker room. They have a little theater room if you want to watch the movie that is playing. They have a smoothie station, where you can get drinks and what not. Everything there is new and super clean. All of the cardio equipment have a small tv on them so you can watch the news or whatever is on. Its a nice touch if you are into that. They have music playing in the gym to keep you pumped up, if you dont bring an Ipod. Its a really nice place. We have a membership at our Condos, but decided to purchase a membership at the gym, since they have much more than our small gym. I love working out there and am happy I decided to join! Thanks Mountainside!Oh they also have a daycare if you want to bring the kiddos with you while you work out. I know that is important to a lot of working moms and dads :) They have diff charges for that, so I am not quite the charge. They do have package deals tho.
5	I loved everything about this gym initially, except for the televisions connected to the cardio equipment. Great classes, great facilities, and nice people. My issue with the televisions is that you can't get closed captioning on all of them...or so I thought. I complained to the front desk about a couple of tvs that were out of service and he called over Clint the maintenance guy. Clint was so helpful. He works there three days a week and said I should grab him in case I see anything that needs fixing. He thanked me for bringing it to his attention. When I told him my issue with the closed captioning, he actually showed me how to add it to the tvs myself and then offered to add it to any tv I wanted. Now I just wish they had more locations in Phoenix.
5	Very clean and usually empty. I have been to several gyms in the valley and this is top for being clean. The gym equipment is nice. I went for several months didnt have complaint.  I dont know why people do not go here but it is empty. Check it out.
3	I always choose the gym that is closest to home for convenience.  While there is an L.A. Fitness across the street, I made an exception because Mountainside is also close and brand new.  I have this theory that old gyms smell like locker rooms and there doesn't seem that much can be done to mask the smell.  In any event, Mountainside is better than 24-hour Fitness and L.A. Fitness.  The gym is clean, the equipment is new and the staff is friendly.  I took off one star because LIfetime Fitness is a notch above Mountainside.  However it is too far from home to join.  I also removed a star because of the terrible spin classes.  Monday night was the last straw, the instructor just grunted at us for an hour.  I couldn't understand a word he said.  It was like being locked in a bad disco in Ibiza with bad red lighting.  Good spin instructors motivate, great spin instructors make the class fun...haven't found a good spin instructor at Mountainside yet.Overall Mountainside Fitness is a good gym and convenient for people in the area.  I'm going to try some new classes and personal training.  Maybe I'll be impressed and add stars.
5	My husband and I joined Mountainside Fitness two years ago and we love it! They offer a variety of fitness classes and that is what motivates me. The equipment is perfect for my marathon runner husband. Great steam/sauna and clean locker rooms! The employees are always personable and greet you with a smile!
2	I was greeted and inquired about a membership by the friendly staff. I received a good tour and everyone seemed very nice. Then I was handed over to the sales guy and inquired about a coupon I had. He didn't recognize it and said he would get back to me, but wanted me to pay before I left, stating he would refund my money if the coupon was good. Um, no. I said I would wait and asked for a 5 day pass so I could try it out and see how busy it would be during the peak times. He gave me a pass and said he would call and let me know about the coupon. Crickets. So two days later I left my name and phone number at the front desk for him again. Crickets. Two days later... again left my info. Crickets. It's been awhile now with absolutely no follow up.The facility is clean and everything was new and working fine. They have lots of classes and it seems like a great place to work out. But another gym I also tried actually wanted my business and gave me an offer I couldn't refuse. Oh, and I also work at a local business and am in charge of the HR department for about 130 employees. We purchased a corporate membership and passed on the incentives to our employees. Almost half of our employees signed up, and a lot included their spouses too. Sometimes it comes down to customer service, which sadly this one didn't deliver.
1	I just got a letter in the mail telling me that Moutainside is changing the terms of our contract and is now going to start charge me a "annual enhancement fee of $25 for your individual plan".  So lemme get this straight.. I'm being penalized for being single?  Yeah, there's this guy named Uncle Sam who already screws me over for being single and having a good job...I don't need my gym doing that too.  Especially when there is Abby Bella Dance Studio an LA Fitness and 24 Hour Fitness close by (I'll give you their addresses if you're interested in not being taken advantage of).  Seriously..the audacity and what's an enhancement fee anyway?  Unless liposuction is now included in my membership, I'm taking my business elsewhere.***Update:Mountainside management's definition of an "enhancement fee" is a joke.  I'm going to file that explanation under NOT MY PROBLEM.  What you consider "enhancements" that you want to charge me a surplus for (without my consent) most of the general public would consider operation costs and keeping up with competition.  This isn't a condo association.  I don't have any invested stake or profit sharing with this company and therefore Mountainside shouldn't be allowed to charge what I would consider to be a B*S* special assessment.  Further stating this fee is an "industry standard" is a farce.  In the past I have been a member at: 24hr Fitness, LA Fitness, XSport, Abby Bella and Bally's...NONE of these gyms have ever tried to sneak in some annual "enhancement fee" ever.. so who are you comparing yourself too?  Lastly, since I've been bashing you all over town I just found out my co-worker who also has a membership at your club isn't getting charged this annual enhancement fee...how fair is that?
5	I've been at this gym since it opened.  It is very clean and all the equipment is new.  It's never too crowded.  That's all I ask for with a gym.  I have a few friends still at LA Fitness and I always tell them it's totally worth the extra few bucks to join this gym.  I was at Lifetime also in the past.  That place is great but it also costs twice as much and I never used half the stuff they offered.  Overall, 5 stars for keeping clean showers, clean towels and good equipment available.  All the people whining about the contract, etc..Good Grief!  Any gym you join is going to have a contract for you to complain about.
5	There are many gyms closer to my house and an LA almost across the street from me. Yet I drive 20 minutes almost every day to come to Mountainside. I can't say enough great things about this gym. Squeaky clean facility and locker rooms, tv's on every machine (not I even care for that kind of stuff but it's good to know that they put in quality equipment) I love love love that it's never over crowded here. I can always get a workout in and never have to wait for a machine.My favorite part is the functional training section with TRX bands, power ropes, platforms, kettlebells, bosu balls and so much more that make me more giddy than a little kid on Christmas day. I would come here just for this section alone. But there is a little something for everyone.* Yoga (a special room dedicated just to yoga and pilates)* Cycle Room* Boxing ring* Shake and snack bar (hint: if you don't have your wallet they can charge you to your membership account)*Free TowelsIt's like a personalized Life Time Fitness but half the cost.
5	After completing P90X at home I decided I needed to keep up with my new routine but wanted to do it a gym - a nice one.  I loathed the idea of going back to LA Fitness or similar type clubs because they're so commercialized - always crowded, rude people, not very clean, etc.  I took of tour of this MS Fitness on my lunch break one day and I was sold.  Sure, it costs a bit more but so far I can say it's worth every penny.  It's not even close to home but I am willing to drive the extra distance to go there!The 5:30-7:00 hours are never over crowded and there is always a machine available for what you're looking for.  The class schedule is quite extensive; there's always something going on.  My 5 year old absolutely loves M-Kids - he begs me to take him with me to the gym every day.  M Cafe is a nice convenience, as is the on-sight chiropractor, tanning, sauna, etc.  And if you don't have your wallet, all you need is your key pass and they can just charge your account - Nice little feature.The two people who helped me (Dom and Melissa) were very helpful, courteous and answered all of my questions.  They were very upfront about annual fees, cancellation policies, etc.  I would definitely tell people about this place (and I have been!) - I think it's just great!
3	The gym is beautiful and has really nice equipment.  You'll pay slightly more per month than an LA Fitness because the gym is way nicer.  However, the people who work there are extremely lazy (and possibly a little slow if you know what I mean).  I never received a tour or fitness assessment when I signed up (other people I know had this done for free just for signing up).  And, I've had friends join me at the gym because they were interested in possibly joining...printed out the week-long pass online to try it out...and the dummies at the front desk keep making them use the guest passes on my account instead of these 5-day passes!  Why????  Makes no sense other than laziness.
5	It is really nice to work out here! Not only is it super clean, but really has a nice layout! They have a wonderful child care and so many classes to choose from!
5	I'm not a gym person at all but I love this gym. I've had a couple of gym memberships before but always hated going and never stuck with them. This place is different. Never too crowded, helpful and friendly staff, tvs on the cardio machines, waterfall along one of the walls in the yoga studio, nonjudgmental environment. Also love that people stick to themselves and are there to workout, not to flirt. Hair dryers, towel service, shower, steam room, and dry sauna in the locker rooms. Cafe with coffee and protein shakes in the lobby. Love love love this gym.
1	This place charges an "enhancement fee" in the middle of ur membership. It's not explained to you when u sign up. They extort money from every member for "repairs". Complete BS. I tried to get a refund on my prepaid membership, but guess what... Tough luck, you are in a contract.  Staff is clueless and doesn't care about the members. Total extortion. Beware.
4	Great classes!!! Babs kicks your booty all the time. Go there on Sundays with my friend as part of their friends and family free promotion. Checked out the smoothie bar and the shake was very good. The gym is always clean and not over packed like my la fitness you can actually find equipment to work on and not wait twenty min in between reps. I wish the membership was a little cheaper but other then that it's a great place to workout and relax!
5	Needing a little motivation or just want to push the limits? Set up an appointment with Chip Frazier, Fitness Director! It was one of THE best gifts I've ever given myself - I'm a mom of 4 and look forward to my kick-butt sessions every week. No matter what I'm facing, a training session with Chip always leaves me feeling like I can conquer anything! Cycling classes are exhilarating! Love the staff and Kids Club - they even have "Lunch Bunch" - drop the kids off for a couple hours and take a break!
4	As far as gyms go, Mountainside Pavilions has been my favorite in the valley thus far.The front desk staff are friendly, smiling as they check you in.  The locker rooms are clean and well laid out.  The cardio equipment is plentiful, although loud, squeaky treadmills do seem to plague them.  Free weights are generally easy to access, not always easy to find space to use them but, at least they're not being mobbed and hogged by mirror loving meatheads (thankfully, this location has very few of those).  There are weight machines for every little muscle in your body and usually these aren't terribly busy either.  The masseuse on site is great too, great techniques and listens to her clients very well.The one lost star is for my bad experience with the training staff (a few months back).  My complimentary consultation was a bust - being lectured about nutrition, not "only doing cardio like ladies do", etc.  I tried to let him know that I knew that stuff - I wanted to talk about making my workout more efficient, possibly learning new techniques, how to make the most of my time.  Not on his agenda so nope - we're not talking about that.  Then, a half hour into my meeting, he waves to a client and says something to the effect of "sorry to have to cut this short but I have an appointment, not sure how I got double booked."  Huh, ok.  Guess I won't spend my money there.But, as I said in the beginning, overall, as far as gyms go, Mountainside has been the best I've found in the valley.
5	I love this gym. It is clean and offers towel service at no additional cost. They have a ton of class options for free and a fee. I read a post about the front end service and customer service being horrible, I completely disagree. I play games trying to sneak out with them not catching me to say have a nice day, rarely happens. I observe the personal trainers and they always seem really nice. I often see their victims getting a great workout, I have to high five them sometimes. My only complaint is no locations in Arcadia/Biltmore area, that would be great. I've been to four locations and I feel the same level of consistency and friendliness at each location.  I frequent Scottsdale Pavillions the most. I wish they had a referral fee as I have brought a few friends to the gym.The child service offerings are great for parents, coming from a person with no children. The date nights and many other offerings can really help a single parent get some things done and a married couple have a nice Friday night out.Having worked out for 20+ years, I don't think you'll find a better valued gym.
5	I regularly work out at the Mountainside in Chandler (http://www.yelp.com/biz/mountainside-fitness-center-chandler-3?hrid=jn6PO0jmbbc149MvyH_ixw) but we were in the area and stopped by this one, which my hubby uses frequently on the way to work.  It has all of the same benefits as the Chandler location... nice equipment, clean facility, towel service, classes, M Cafe.  My favorite thing about this location is the wall full of fun fitness facts!  It sounds silly, but reading those while waiting for my time on one exercise to come up sure makes the time pass faster!
5	I recently switched to Mountainside Fitness from 24Hr Fitness which I had been a member at for 14 years.  Wow, what a significant change and upgrade.  Yes, the membership dues are a little more than 24, however the ole saying couldn't be more true, "You Get What You Pay For".  The gym is spacious, clean, well air conditioned with plenty of machine and free weights to use.  In the first two months there I have worked out in the morning, mid afternoon and evening and it never seems overly busy where I have to wait to get on a machine.  Plenty of cardio if you like that with TV's on each cardio machine.  There is so many extras that I haven't tried yet like Yoga, spinning, boot camp classes, etc and I'm sure they are excellent.  Lastly the staff is friendly, always smiling, saying hello and walking through the gym to assist or answer any questions a customer may have. Lastly, the kid zone is fantastic.  On the weekends for a minimal fee, you can drop your kids off an go on a date night with your significant other.   For my wife and I this was much needed.  All in all, I have been in hundreds of gyms and this has to rank at the top of the list.
5	My Favorite Gym Hands Down! been a member for years the staff is always friendly and the classes kick your butt. The equipment and facility is always clean. It provides anything you could ever want in a gym.
1	Sneaky liars, they charged my card a $50 "enhancement fee" without warning. Just to update their new club. I already pay a ton to work out here, why do they need to charge  even more to enhance their club. That's what the monthly fee is for. I will be canceling my membership!
5	great place to go workout.  Always lots of space.  The locker room and steam room facilities are very nice and upkept as well.
1	If you read my reviews you know that I typically don't have bad things to say about a local business but Mountainside has left a nasty rotten taste in my mouth!! I can't say that I have anything but great things to say about the facility. However this year my wife and I have been royally screw up, down, over and sideways by there billing team and their unfair charges that make absolutely no sense what-so-ever.My wife has been swamped at work and hasn't gone regularly in over 6 months. She keeps paying every month just for the convenience of being able to go when she can. Well some how back in March her card managed to magically and mysteriously disappear from their database. And some how they thought it would be okay to just keep her account delinquent and never call to make her aware. When we finally found out there were hundreds of dollars in service charges for not paying on time. In 3 months you think someone would see that she's not going into the gym and call. When I said that its not our fault that the card on file somehow went missing I was given some bs excuse that they try reaching us just not by phone or email because they didn't have that on file either. What kind of idiot do you take me for. Every gym membership form requires that info in order to sign up. Sorry that you have a hard time managing your members information. Long story short we paid their stupid fees just to be in good standing and move past this.To further add insult to injury we were driving over 20 minutes to get to the gym and so finally we decided to cancel. I went into the the gym received confirmation and then further called 3 weeks later to verify the cancellation in which the person over the phone assured me that it was indeed cancelled. Forward 3 weeks and I am receiving an email saying my account is delinquent and will be going to collections if I don't pay my dues. WTF?! I call and Melissa tells me that my payments for dues and an "enhancement fee" was declined and has also accrued service charges. Right, that makes sense and enhancement fee for a gym I will not be using this year! Even we I stated that it makes no sense to be charge up front for a year I'm not going to use she cold heartedly just insisted that fairness has nothing to do with it and that I had no choice other than to cough up the money or go to collections. Warning to any future members, nice gym but billing really bites.Since my issue here is only to do with their unfair billing I will be more than happy to update this review should Mountainside decide to do the right thing.
4	I have been working out at mountain side fitness for the last 8 years. This gym has it all... Except a basketball court. The staff is friendly and the gear is great. Very rarely do I find myself waiting to use a piece of equipment. One time, I forgot my socks and the manager hooked some up right from the retail shop!
