1	My puppy was bloated and I brought him here to see what was wrong with him. They ran some tests and never called me back with the results. The bloating went down the next day but I feel like if I am paying over $100 for tests the least you can do is call me back with the results.
1	My puppy was sick again and the only reason why I came back is because the hours of operation here work with my schedule. The people here really have no idea what they are doing. Based on my dog's symptoms I was able to go online and figure out what was wrong with him but I'm not a doctor and I needed a professional to diagnose him and give him the proper care he needed. They said they couldn't figure out what was wrong with him and gave him antibiotics. Turns out my puppy had kidney stones and was in a lot of pain. I took him to another doctor who was able to figure out what was wrong with him right away. If you care for your animal do not come here.
4	We just took our puppy Rico to this vet because he had been having blood in his poop for a few weeks. This was the second vet we took him the first vet told us he had worms and it would just go away, but he was still sick. We came to this palce because they are open late we got there right before close but Dr Forrest still made time to see us. She ran a bunch of tests and told us that poor Rico had a disease called geardia all along and needed special medication to go home with. Rico got better and we ended up going back and signing up to the health plan there for all his shots. WE really like this vet and will be going back to see Dr Forrest.
5	I visited Banfield with a sick dog.  He belonged to my Dad and I am not real familiar with how vets work.  The people here were wonderful.  They were warm and gracious, it was a stressful situation made better by the kind women that work there.  The Vet was so positive and has a really funny grin!!!  All in all, I would definitely recommend this location to anyone looking!
1	Oh my...  really having a difficult time with this because we love our Veterinarian, Dr. Foster. We however were faced with one of the worst customer service situations today with one of their staff. Kimberly (who referred to herself as a vet-tech) was just horribly, horribly rude and invited us to seek out the services of a different vet. Our dog Charlie has had to go in every couple of months to have her thyroid levels checked as it runs low and is on medication. We have been working with Dr. Foster in keeping in at the level it should. So far frequent blood draws and changes in medication dosages. 2 weeks ago was her last blood draw and results and treatment have been withheld from us. Apparently the presiding vet is the only vet allowed to interpret the results regardless that their are other vets that are on staff that could interpret the results. Vets went on vacation, vets had days off and as yet we still have no results. we have had to schedule another meeting with our vet in order to hear the results.The earliest they seem to be able to do this is 3 weeks from the date the blood was drawn. Needless to say staff can destroy a business. We as consumers fund the company, create jobs for people and ultimately pay the salaries.
