5	They sell burgers (and hot dogs).. you go to the counter, you order, when your buzzer goes off, you go and collect your tray of goodies.. it's as simple as that..  Unpretentious and unassuming, this place does not pretend to be anything it's not. The brioche buns and flavour combos are spot on. Chicken katsu burger served with wasabi mayo was an absolute delight. Panko crumbs were crunchy, the chicken was succulent and juicy with the richness offset by the tartness of a gherkin.Earl grey custard ice cream is to die for, maple walnut ice cream borderlining too sweet for this lady but perfect for any sweet-tooth. Chilli candied walnuts on top needed a bit more heat to make them fun.Service at the counter was super friendly and she offered a taster of the earl grey custard ice cream without hesitation.Price point is fabulous for the quality you're getting. Would highly recommend and will definitely be back again soon!
5	This place is awesome! Really well priced, quick & super tasty !!!!I went or the 'Juicy Bluecy', highly recommend
5	Flashy and brand spanking new, many have been eagerly awaiting the arrival of this newbie burger place in town. It surpassed my expectations and I was really impressed. They make their burger patties in house and I loved the sweet onions embedded into the burger (although non-oniony people may object) which made the patties extremely moist and delicious. I had the Juicy Bleucy with Stilton in between the two burger patties - it was incredibly delicious and I was so impressed with the burger but at the same time could have done with a tad more cheese.I also loved the hand-cut fries with their uneven shapes, skin on and salty goodness. The relish was also tasty! I think these have been some of my favorite fries in Edinburgh!After dinner, we were offered a sample of Tea for Two which is Burger's special dessert of earl grey ice cream with tea cakes. I wasn't blown away by the earl grey ice cream perhaps because I just don't fancy that flavor, but what I did fancy was one of their shakes! These aren't the British poor excuse for a shake that you usually find - these were proper ice cream shakes, with the ice cream made in house to boot!I was well impressed with Burger and it didn't let me down. They have a small menu but they do just burgers, fries and ice cream and they do them extremely well! I'm tempted to say they could be some of the best burgers in Edinburgh, and some of the best fries too! FYI - Burger sounds like an extremely popular lunch spot but is quieter at dinner time. They have reasonable prices for the high quality of what you get!
4	Atmosphere is a bit lacking so far although I was in on their opening day so can't really fault them too much! Burger was solid, fries were a touch cold but still tasty, beer was boring. I need to go back and investigate more thoroughly and hungrily.
4	Having walked past this place a few weeks ago before it had opened, I was keen to try it out. The positive Yelp reviews posted sealed the deal and I headed here on Friday night for a end-of-week supper. I was a bit worried we wouldn't get a table without booking, as this seems to be the case for many Edinburgh restaurants on weekend nights, but it wasn't that busy. The menu was dominated by burgers, with a couple of specials available and a few hot dog dishes thrown in too. There's also a nice wee kids menu and  a good range of drinks and American-style milkshakes. The order-at-the-till style service works well, and the food was served promptly. It's fast food done well. My burger, breadcrumbed chicken with avocado and lemon mayo, was delish. The bagel-style bun was fresh, and the fries blew MacDonalds' out of the water. All in all, a really nice meal. The service was cheerful. Hopefully word gets out about how nice this place is. In my opinion it's better than competitors such as GBK (on price) and Wannaburger (on general quality of food).
4	Chillitensity - Ooh burger, burgerThis what exactly what I hoped for, top quality burger joint.It's not five star because it didn't change my life, but it's solid four star quality product. And I am concerned that they are on my drive home every night, which could have a serious impact on my life....The service is positive,engaging, straight forward order at the counter and get it when it's ready. The food is great, really good home made burgers. With an excellent array of options and wieners available, though most of the specials are hot dogs. I have to highlight the hot sauce, it's off the hook, and it is genuinely hot. A lot of places do standard hot sauce which panders to the lowest common denominator. Not these guys, it's chillitensity is fantastic !Shakes and desserts, we didn't go for, but I will go back for it!
5	Jenny L and Tom G eloquently expressed everything that I would say about Burger. It is amaazzzzzzzing. I am so happy to have a really tasty burger joint in Edinburgh. The service is really good and super friendly. When my partner and I walked in we were warmly greeted and invited to take a seat. I've only visited once (so far) but I definitely see myself become a regular. I had the cheeseburger. The meat is so flavourful and juicy. I am a big fan of the bun to meat ratio. And the cheese! It was better than typical 'American cheese' or mature cheddar (for a burger). The people here have fine tuned the American burger formula but have also made it their own. I also like their special sauce.I had the chilli cheese fries that were on special. Pretty tasty. I was impressed with the amount of beef that was actually in the chilli.I like that they keep the skin on their fries. It reminds me of New York Fries (a chain in Canada) but they are skinnier here and I think better.I love Burger.
4	Well, this place is full of contradictions for me!First, despite everyone loving the burgers, I've had the Reuben Burger, the Classic Burger, and now the Chicken Katsu Burger... while I loved the size, buns, etc., I just couldn't get fully onboard with the burgers.  They were by no means bad, and I'm a fan of onions so the onions mixed in weren't off-putting, but the regular burgers didn't top the Sou'Wester Burger at The Huxley and the Chicken Katsu Burger didn't top the Panko Crumbed Chicken Burgers from GBK.Specifically on the Chicken Katsu Burger, the overall flavour combination of the Chicken Katsu Burger was a winner, but I wish it had been a different type of Chicken "Burger"... this was like a burger patty, but chicken... I almost wondered if I had gotten the wrong thing based on another poster's picture.  That flavour, with the right piece of chicken, would definitely work for me.Perhaps it's a downside to all of the rave reviews, but I did expect coming here to be a revelation of some sort which wasn't the case... at least for the burgers.  (I must also admit to not being on board with the whole burger craze, so maybe I'm not the best judge.)Now, the fries... I LOVED the fries.  The first time I had them they were sadly a bit cold, but extra crispy, and it was near closing so I didn't fault the place.  On second attempt, while not as crispy as the previous order, they were hot and still crispy skin on deliciousness.  I'm not actually a "skin on" fries fan, I tend to love whatever fries/chips that are delicious regardless of what type they are, but these definitely worked for me. The other thing that I loved here, sorbet shakes with soy milk!  Specifically I had the Passion Fruit Sorbet Shake with Raspberries and Chilli Walnuts... so happy to have had a "shake" as being lactose intolerant I don't get to choose from shakes very often... I'm sure the rest of the world has caught up and that soy shakes are an option at most places now, but it's nice to see it as an option here along with the Gluten Free Rolls that Jenny mentioned... if anything it will have me poking around similar places to see if they offer these as an option now.  Regardless, it was GOOD... in all honesty I can see myself coming here again just for the fries and sorbet shakes.For the place itself, I pretty much like the design of the place... not too much, not too little.  One note for the ladies however, it looks like they are following the pseudo modern trend of shared bathrooms... not a problem for the gentlemen, but the poor ladies having to deal with how messy we are!  The buzzer after ordering doesn't bother me, I prefer it to having to stand waiting or listening out for a name/number, but it's odd there isn't an option to take your tray somewhere and dump your trash... I guess they're going for the higher class vibe on that part, and I know a lot of people don't bother taking their own trash when there is an option, but it feels weird to me given the order at the counter vibe.  Not a negative though, just a note.The service has been awesome though, which is good given the aforementioned buzzer scenario where it's easy to zone out on that aspect... I know it's a new place, but if they keep up the current level of service then it should help them along.One final note... the "Chilli Hot Sauce" dip is actually Sriracha... a plus in some ways, as that sauce is awesome, but I do wish they had a tangy type Buffalo Sauce to go along as an option... it's also a bit cheeky to see someone charge for Sriracha, .50 for a very small amount, when most places offer it as a free condiment.  It is what it is though, and at least it's the good kind of Sriracha.So there it is, for whatever reason I'm not completely sold on the burgers themselves, but can see why others like them... that paired with the amazing fries, friendly service, and soy option shakes definitely earns four stars in my book... just wish I could've gone five stars like everyone else!
5	Love Burger.Been there twice, everything's nice!Had a cheeseburger, haus dog and fries. Everything's fresh and local.Also had a chocolate shake, OMG lushly goodness.My new favorite place!
5	I was walking past this place every day before they actually opened and I was drooling at the idea of a burger place simply called "burger".Burger? I'm wondering what you can eat there... well actually burgers and hot dogs. Maybe it should be called "Burdogs"? (I give credit to my friend Sophie for the bad pun).Anyway, the place is really tasty and reasonably priced albeit portions that looked a bit small on my first visit. But I was drunk on that day, so I guess I wasn't too objective. My following visits where a lot more filling and satisfying.Give it a try :)
1	Do not burger with Burger. What a massive disappointment our first (and last) visit to Burger turned out to be; cold chips, not enough sauces in the restaurant, long wait for drinks and food and two tasteless and very greasy burgers. And we still don't know what their famous homemade special burger sauce tastes like.On the plus side the chocolate milkshake was delish and the chipotle lime dip was tasty. Maybe it was a bad night for Burger....
3	Umm American style? I'm not so sure of that, to start off there wasn't enough sauces for an American burger place ;). I liked it but I didn't love it. To be fair, we got a chicken burger and a falafel burger and chips... so not really writing about the beef burgers. The chicken burger was breaded and fried ... umm what? My grandparents used to buy frozen ones like that... but if I ordered a turkey/chicken burger in the states it wouldn't be like that at all... There were NO tomatoes and not enough salad on our burgers... I did like the pickles...The Falafel burger was by far the best of the two. The chips were fine. Once again we liked it we just didn't love it. The prices were cheap so thats probably why we liked it as much as we did haha I think next time I will try the veggi hot dog... just for kicks. love me some mustard and sauerkraut.
4	After so many other yelper hailing this as a sucess, we had to give this a shot!You get a seat, then a menu then order at the till then get a buzzer.  Buzzer goes off and hey presto you collect your shake and burger!Simple service so far.  My shake consisted of vanilla and choc chunks - mmmm I tell ye F-a-b-u-l-o-u-s !!!  The fries were out of this world - crispy and potato like!  I choose the chicken patty which had goats cheese pesto and tomato - a fantastic combo and was one of the specials - i would have it again!Just wish the portions were a little bigger for the price but all very TASTY!
4	So I ended up here totally by accident. I was popping into Loudons for a coffee and suddenly realised I was standing right outside Burger! So many people had said very excited things about this place so the coffee stop quickly turned into a lunch stop.I came with my buddy Daniel, and we were both a little too taken in by the girl serving us. We were charmed/conned into getting chips, then upgraded to chilli chips, and i was also convinced to get peanut butter added to my vanilla milkshake. Don't get me wrong we welcomed all these additions! We didn't realise that chilli chips actually came with a load of DELICIOUS chilli on them, thank god Stevie was there to help out.I opted for a double burger with bacon. Extremely tasty burger, although the bacon was  that chewy stringy crap, a timely reminder to why i never get bacon on my burgers! The beef was delicious, with just the right amount of toppings, and bun that held its structure until the end of the burger!I think however the Milkshake was the highlight for me. You can tell an awful lot about a place by its milkshakes. These were thick and creamy, and ever so delicious, and not hideously overpriced. The peanut butter was a very good option to have with the vanilla shake. Frankly I might pop in here for milkshakes alone.I didn't take in the menu to its fullest, but I'm definitely going to go and check it out again soon!
5	sda jio;das m,/ewa ijo'dsankfds[pw ...Oh dear. It looks like my fingers are too fat now to type. I am instead typing this laboriously using a paintbrush held between my teeth. I also fill my entire sofa, and hang over the sides. But if you seize the folds of my face and lift them to seek out the features underneath, you will see something that looks like a radiant beatific smile. Friends, I tried Burger.I tried a chicken katsu burger with pickles in a soft glazed brioche bun with added cheese and bacon. I tried a bag of delicious fluffy skin-on fries. I tried a chocolate milkshake with raspberries, a milkshake so thick that I had to suck harder than a Dyson to get that stuff up the straw. I tried to find the words to describe my joy, and I found only sweet, viscose tears creeping down the creamy rolls of my cheek.It might not be Michelin star, but I am a Michelin Man, and I am so very, very happy.
4	Ooo wow, who doesn't love a good burger!   This space was right next to the yelp event next door, so I had to try the burger and fries. I went for the special (beef with Stilton, port glaze and apple chutney), fries and wasabi mayo, and the stem ginger and Jamaica cake ice cream milkshake. The burger will probably seem smaller than what you'd expect, but that's reflected in the price. Bigger isn't always better, as I think I do prefer a small burger like this so that I can have fries and be able to wash it down with a milkshake, and maybe even dessert. The burger itself was really good, enough Stilton, soft bun. It was delicious. I liked that the shake is made with ice cream, and a good thickness. A lot of British shakes I've had are made with milk and more on the watery side. The only thing I wasn't happy with was the wasabi mayo. It didn't have any edge at all, in fact, tasted like 100% regular mayo. I wondered if maybe I was given a portion of regular mayo instead of the wasabi. I even ate a few globs on its own - no wasabi Flavor, zing, kick, or anything remotely close.  Maybe they need to look into redoing that dip?  It only cost 50p, but it was silly that it tasted nothing close to wasabi. Anyway, make sure you check out their specials menu, they have a lot of interesting stuff! Unfortunately paddy didn't know there were specials, and missed out but I'm sure he'll be back again.
4	Hailing from Glasgow, the city of fast approaching burger-burnout, I was excited to try Edinburger's latest offering.It's as simple as the name suggests. - You order at the till, you get a buzzer and when your buzzer lights up, it is time! I liked a lot about Burger. I liked the fact that my bacon cheeseburger held itself together so well; a beautiful, perfectly formed bun-meat-bun rendition. - Almost cartoon-like, it looked too good to eat and I wanted to treasure it forever! I liked the sweetness of the glazed brioche bun. I liked the beef cheese chilli fries; the meat, the flavour, the crispness of the fries. A little more cheese would have been the real cherry on the cake but they were so very delicious and that's really me just being unnecessarily pernickety!So, a burger of the finest kind, it really was. - Juicy and flavoursome and just the right size. Although, it's worth mentioning that if you like your burger on the pink-in-the-middle side, you'll need to specify this. Mine was cooked just about through, but not lacking anything, still juicy and succulent. I know a lot of people like their burger super juicy and pink and I'm partial to that too. And so, with fast and friendly service to boot, I'm willing to say I'm a fan of Burger. If I'm in the area and the burger cravings come, as they so often do, then I'm sure I'll find myself returning.
4	Om nom nom. After finishing exams a trip to Burger was just what the doctor ordered (well probably not actually) but it was the perfect end to my day!I ordered the chicken katsu burger with scrummy wasabi mayo and  fries. The boy went for a coconutty/blackbean/mango chicken burger from the specials board. We also had some chilli cheesy fries and plain fries and both were crispy and delicious. Their milkshake was super tasty (and so thick you had to suck your cheeks in to get it up the straw). We had the chocolate one with peanut butter and it was lovely and ice-creamy! The staff were friendly and it was nice and chilled out with a mixture of couples, work friends, families etc. Would definitely go back.
5	Well, I've gone past Burger on my way to the cinema a few times now, and it always piqued my interest...but I've always been in a hurry so never actually had the chance to go in before. However, my dining companion and I last night were entirely unsure of where to go for dinner, until I basically said "hmm...why don't we try Burger?"We're both glad I did. Oh my god. This is basically the place I've wanted in Edinburgh for a while now.So, we went in and were greeted by the friendly woman behind the counter, who basically showed us to our seats, brought along a couple of menus and explained how things worked. We had a quick look through the menu and daily specials, he had the chicken katsu burger (which was apparently fantastic) and I decided to try the bacon cheeseburger, which was truly top notch top nosh.The sides? Well, we had a portion of chips (which were really good) and a portion of chilli cheese fries (which were better). The chilli was really tasty, a good mix of flavours and a subtle heat to it. Also, the burger relish was probably the best dip I have had in years and I'm now craving it again.One last comment about the shakes. I had the special, which was a rhubarb and custard milkshake. I could do with another one of those right about now, and I'll be going back ASAP to see what else the menu has for me...(My dining companion did have the complaint that there was no barbecue sauce available. I was happy with the burger sauce, but it would be a nice addition to the menu in future!)
3	I'm going to try to write this in an unbiased way ... But to get it out of the way, I live in the city of great burgers (Glasgow) and Burger in Edinburgh wasn't able to steal the crown. They have a good range of burgers on their usual menu, and a jumbled mix of specials. I opted for a cheeseburger on a gluten free bun with chips and burger sauce. Good things were the amount of pickle on the burger, the chips (deliciously crunchy) and the burger sauce was out of this world. Less than good things were the burger - overcooked patty, it wasn't particularly tasty and was topped with forgettable cheese. The gluten free bun wasn't pleasant so I ended up ditching it and just eating the burger.  I tried some of my friends chilli fries and thought they were pretty tasty. All up for me, Burger wasn't the burger epiphany I was hoping for in Edinburgh.
4	First time in Edinburgh and was craving something low key and delicious for dinner. Read all of the amazing reviews for Burger so thought I should try it for myself.I ordered the veggie chili cheese fries and a veggie burger with cheese. The vegetarian chili was delicious! Chunky with red beans and sweet potatoes, paired well with the shredded cheese and super crisp fries. The veggie burger wasn't the best I've ever had, but had a unique flavor. Burger sauce was delicious and the bun was moist.All in all, I would check this place out again next time I'm in town.
4	Took refuge from the rain in Burger last night to catch up with fellow yelper Nichola c and to fill our bellies! Burger was cheap and cheerful and our food arrived super quickly which was perfect as we were starving! As I was expecting it to be a little more like a restaurant I was disappointed about the lack of side salad (but I'm a weirdo, who orders salad with burgers...) but for a fast food joint I really can't complain :) they cater for gf and veggies which is wonderful, and whilst the gf veggie burger maybe wasn't as pretty as the regular burgers it was still delicious! Bread was a little dry but at least there was a gf bun option, and didn't stop me nearly devouring a 2nd Burger! Giving Burger 4\5 for a quick burger fix, you pay for what you get :)
4	Genuinely surprised at the taste and quality given the price. The slaw is tangy and filling as was the classic Burger. This is perfect for vegetarians. There was great customer service, which I hope doesn't dissappear when this place gets as popular as u expect it will when everyone finds out.
5	I've loved this place since day one and it had yet to disappoint. Amazing burgers, the specials are always very inventive and the staff are great. They've really nailed high quality fast food and is expect them to expand way beyond their two units based on the quality of the experience they offer.
4	Oh Burger, how I miss you. This was definitely a food highlight (one of many!) during a recent trip to Edinburgh .I had a Thai fishcake burger here - something I'd never even seen on a menu before, let alone tried. If you love Thai fishcakes and you love burgers, chances are you'll love this little gem. It's a great size and pretty damn tasty, but beware - you will make a big old mess eating it! Perhaps not very date-friendly food, but great if you're just with your friends and have a hankering for a really good burger.The chips, too, were amazing and we opted for a variety of different sauces and dips which I remember being very delicious - the spicy one in particular!! The portions here are really good - you won't be left hungry, though you may be left craving more. The decor of the place is really cool and modern, which makes for a nice setting! Beware on a sunny day though - we were sat up against a huge big glass window and it was very warm indeed, so maybe avoid those seats in the sun if you're prone to over-heating.All in all, a great experience! If I'm back in Edinburgh, I'll be back!
4	So a couple visits, and a couple specials, later these guys have gone up in my estimations. My previous concerns around menu and costs still stand, however with the ever-increasing competition popping up around the place, each with even more inflated prices and precisely the same variety issues, Burger. has improved by comparison and, as a result, look to be better value compared to many of their peers.Other reasons for the extra star include the website; they now include their temporary specials on there which is a big plus and saves me having to swing by just to have a nosey. And also their pending Christmas menu which will become available as of the 1st December. A great idea and one I'm looking forward to taking advantage of.Hats off to them for expanding to the west end as well. Hopefully the next expansion will see them make it to Leith, perhaps as part of the continuous facelift of the Walk, and save me a ten min drive henceforth.
3	Not sure if it went downhill a wee bit, but my last visit left me very disappointed. Maybe the staff on duty, I don't know... it was very greasy! selling meat juice everywhere while eating is not a sign of quality in my opinion. Shame :(
5	This is my go to burger joint in Edinburgh. The price is right and the burgers are always really good. They also make fresh cut skinny fries. Now if they only added a secret menu with animal style, I'd be in heaven! This place never fails. If you want a tasty burger this is the place to go.
