5	We had Shredded Beef Tacos, Red Chile Beef Burro, and Quesadillas.  All were wonderful.  We went on opening day, had dinner.  They open at 7A for breakfast and I am seriously thinking about going back tomorrow morning.  Is it bad to eat at the same place twice within 12 hours?  I am really excited for this new establishment, can't wait to tour the menu!
3	We've tried New Mexican Grill twice so far.  We were attracted to the restaurant because we've been to New Mexico several times over the past few years and we love the cuisine and culture.  It's a small place, with no more than six tables.  All meals come with complementary chips and salsa, which you help yourself to.  They have three salsas--tomatillo, pico de gallo, and a spicy red salsa, each of them are good.We've tried their carnitas tacos, red chile pork stew, huevos rancheros and chorizo, egg, and potato burrito.  The sauces have that distinctive New Mexican chile flavor, and each of them are homemade.  I really like that you can order breakfast any time of day.  Their chorizo is made from scratch, and is very lean--I loved it, it was some of the best around.  All of this comes at very reasonable prices ranging from $4 for burritos and up to $7 for their larger entrees and combos.They haven't decided on a final menu yet, they said they plan to evaluate what people like most, which is great because they really value their customers' feedback.  My only complaint is that while their chips are very good when they're fresh, sometimes I run into a few stale ones.  They just need to throw any old ones out when they replenish the supply.  Lastly, it's important to mention that the folks running the joint are friendly and nice people.  They take pride in their culture as well, as their decor is distinctly New Mexican, with traditional pottery, rugs, and paintings sprinkled throughout the dining area.
5	New Mexican Grill has the best Mexican style food in the East Valley...hands down.  My wife and I have lived in the Gilbert area for so long and have never been to any place that has the flavor, quality and genuine value that New Mexican Grill has.  We hope to make this a regular place for us as Gilbert is starving for great places like this.  The menu is fantastic with great meats from green chile pork to carne asada.  All of them with their own unique flavor.  The owners/management is friendly and truly cares to make their restaurant excellent in every aspect.  From breaklfast burritos, to fry bread, to great homemade salsas, everything about this place keeps me coming back for more.Stop wasting your time at other places and make this your only stop in the East Valley for great food!
4	I just finished a green chilie pork burrito from New Mexican Grill.  First time I have been.  It was absolutely delicious!!!  The owner was very friendly and welcoming; he explained all about his food and what set it apart. They prepare the food in front of you so there is no mystery there.  Can't wait to go back and try their breakfast burritos!    Hooray for great Mexican food in Gilbert!
4	I have eaten here 3 times now all of which have been exceptional. The cashier asked me if I liked spicy dishes which I do and recommended the #4 which is a green chili pork burro enchilada style. Amazing is all I have to say about that dish. Second visit I decided to explore the menu a bit and got a steak quesadilla and a taco, quesadilla was good taco was a bit over priced for what I got. Third visit was back to the #4...my wife got nachos which looked ok, not great but ok.Needless to say given the value and the #4 I am pretty sure I will be back many times...planning on exploring the menu a bit more though.
4	Great food, finally good food that doesn't cost an arm and a leg. New Mexican food is my fav, I'm a fan for sure! Bummed the times I've came in there wasn't any green sauce for the chips. Very friendly staff.
4	This place is amazing!  I have met Ralph (the owner) and his son numerous times.  I am always treated with a smile and good stories.  The family run business does a good job bringing Hatch chili to the valley.  Unlike Arribas, there is no soupy, chicken-stock laces salsas here, just good spicy kick with amazing flavors.  I even go as far as to but their hot salsa by the quart for use at home.  I highly recommend the pork green chili burro... comfort food at its best.  I also like the tamales (except that they get microwaved).  But overall, a warm vibe with cool employees and good food.For my daughters and wife, VEGETARIAN FRIENDLY!  (No lard, veggie alternatives)
5	Finally a restaurant that actually serves New Mexican food that tastes like New Mexican food. The red chile "looks" the way good red chile should look, dark red. Not bright red like california red chile.  The enchiladas and the green chile pork burro were awesome. Although it's 30 miles from my house it's well worth the trip and I'll be back-soon! Thanks 'Don S.' For the review that brought me here.
4	I've been there for Breakfast several times now.  The food is fantastic, the service is quick, their Chips are always warm, and the salsa has just the right kick.   You really can't go wrong ordering anything on the menu with green chile.  These guys do it right!
5	Try it it's like mom used to make
5	Yummmmmmmmmm. I am now fat and happy. The food is all homemade and delicious. The food is comparable to julios on val vista and baseline. The owner was there and was friendly/engaging. Def recommended!
1	Wow!  A swing and a miss.  I read all the reviews and was very excited to try. Very dissappointing.  Not really anything like New Mexican food.  I think a quick trip to Santa Fe might show the owner what type of food he is really peddling.  Being from New Mexico,  I am still in search of something close.  The Red Chile is about the best thing on the menu, the Green Chile is subpar, not very much actual chile in the green chile.  Machaca taco, carne asada, (not New Mexican cuisine).  Burro? In NM, it is called a burrito (should have been a red flag to not waste my money).
4	Just had the Huevos Rancheros for breakfast. Having grown up in Albuquerque, I'm always excited to try a new New Mexican restaurant. If you're from New Mexico you know how awesome it is to find a new place that serves Hatch chiile. The New Mexican Cafe did not disappoint. The Huevos plate was just like what I used to having back in New Mexico. The place is very clean and you can't beat the price.
3	Pretty decent New Mexican food. Chimichanga was a bit soggy and serving sizes could be larger.Nothing extremely "New Mexican" about this place. The owner was pretty cool though. All in all this is just cafe style mexican food a tiny step above a place like Filibertos and a step below Arribas. You can take it from there.If you want a real treat and a good dive, try Elmers tacos. Much better although it's in the geto.
4	I'm from ABQ, NM so when someone puts NM on their signage I review seriously. I've eaten here about 5 times, breakfast and lunch. I had the chicken enchiladas with green chile good, then I had huevos with xmas good for Arizona, then one day I tried the shredded beef enchiladas with red and it all came together. The shredded beef is so tender and flavorful! The corn tortillas are thicker than I am used to but good, the red chile is truly awesome and I know red chile. This is NM red, it's not my Dad's red which is the ultimate but to find in AZ, in Gilbert? Awesome. Just the right amount of quality cheese too. I cleaned my plate. I never clean my plate I always leave something out of respect for my waistline. Not this time.They have chips and salsas available via self serve, salsas are good with some bite but very salty.Both my boys ordered bean and cheese burritos, they were huge and they were devoured. We drank water as they only have Pepsi, iced tea & coffee. For my enchiladas & two burritos it was $14 something.The place is small and you order up front and then find a table, they have maybe 10 (4 & 2 tops), self serve drinks and aforementioned salsas. They will bring your food to your table amazingly fast. Sometimes you also get complimentary cinnamon chips that are great but only when they aren't too busy apparently as I've gotten them twice even after asking to pay for them.The service and the people/owner are so incredibly welcoming and friendly you feel good spending your money there!I left off the 5th star because I like my chile hotter/spicier (I know most don't and he wants to make it a successful business), with fresh chopped white onions not green onions and with a cold beer and a lime.
4	Fairly new to the Gilbert restaurant scene and it's only been open for a few months, but this place is pretty damn good. I've had a lot of New Mexican food...IN New Mexico and this place would fit right in.If you're in the know, this place is similar to Weck's and even does the Christmas style. Portions don't seem large, but are deceiving. I can barely eat my entire meal and usually question if it's going to be enough food.Service is friendly, but the place is pretty small. Definitely feels like a down home diner with great food. Give it a try! Prices are really good and food is way better.
5	I had heard some great recommendations about this restaurant and decided to try it yesterday morning, and everything surpassed my expectations. Ralph, the owner, is always around the restaurant to talk to customers and make sure that everything they've ordered is up to their liking, and the food is phenomenal. Haven't been for lunch or dinner yet, but the breakfast burritos are definitely worth going there for.
3	Gave this place a second try before writing a review and it didn't help.  I am from NM (Santa Fe) and this place really does not deserve to be called NM Food.  I will admit their Red Chili is good, but their Green is pretty bad.  It actually had a floury texture to it and not very spicy at all.  When I saw the word "burro" on their menu I knew they were trying to cater to Arizona crowd because no one in NM calls it a burro.  The chips and salsa were okay, but only because they were free.  The first time we were there we ordered two enchilada plates, mine with red and my wifes  with green.  When we got home they decided to make both xmas which was annoying because I was pretty clear when ordering.  We also tried the "burro" which was about average.  In summary I was hoping for a Little Anita's takeout and got a Filibertos.
4	Nom nom nom. Yummy food with free chips and salsa, great prices and free cinnamon chips. I say yes :)
3	We have been here twice now.  Everyone raves about the salsa, but I don't get it.  I have had better salsa.  My husband doesn't like the place a lot, but will go if I want to.  I like their shredded beef tacos and stuff.  The enchillads actually come out cooked in the middle.  They cost more than I was expecting and the al a carte menu adds up quick.  Service is friendly.
3	Well, I just got back from a trip to Vegas and have been craving some Mexican food. I came across this place and read a few of the reviews. It sounded great! I went to check it out, turns out that they were just getting ready to close, and there were a few customers finishing up their meal. The man at the counter seemed nice, but also seemed a little forced. I ordered the #3, 2 chicken enchiladas with rice and beans, and wanted to try the carne asada tacos too. Although the flavors were good and had a nice spice to them, I found some gristle in the chicken. I can over look that. Then the tacos seemed to be overly tough/chewy. I don't know...maybe I just came at a bad time. I'm willing to give this place another try, only I'll be sure to do it while they are not getting ready to close. I'll also post another review upon that time.
3	I noticed this place was hot on Yelp so I wanted to check it out. I'm not sure what distinguishes New Mexican food from the other states, so I didn't know what to expect. When I ordered I was told they make everything fresh, from scratch and make their green chile with Hatch chiles, that excited me. I get Hatch chiles every year and love cooking with them for months to come. If I had to guess, I would say that they boil their chiles because their green chile wasn't as flavorful and tasty as the ones I roast. I ordered a green chile pork chimichanga. I was disappointed with the tortilla, definitely not made from scratch. As, I tore into the chimi I realized they gave me chicken instead of pork, no biggie. The chicken wasn't cooked together with the green chile, they were cooked separately and then combined into the chimi. I guess that's the New Mexican way? After I make my green chile I add the meat and let it simmer for an hour to let the meat absorb the flavor of the green chile. I was disappointed with my chimi. The beans were excellent and the rice was alright. The restaurant itself is very small and I would prefer to take my food to go and eat the comfort of my own home. The woman taking the orders at the register was very nice and friendly. I will come back and try some other menu items, but not the green chile.
5	We love the New Mexican Grill.  It is a little hole in the wall.  And we love taking their food for takeout.  They have the BEST breakfast burritos you would ever want to eat.  And the salsa is amazing with green chiles.  Super yummy!  Their dinner meats are not quite as good, but still good.  Plus it is affordable.
5	Incredible authentic New Mexican food, the green chili sauce is to die for.  Eat there all the time,,,,,and they have the best breakfast burro's anywhere.  Ask for yours to be smothered in green and cheese!!!!
5	Great service, great food!
5	Had breakfast, was great homestyle New Mexican SW flavors. All handmade/homemade chow. Very friendly staff. Get your Xmas tamales ordered!
5	My husband and sons are huge fans of New Mexican Grill.  Went there today for lunch.  The nachos with carne asada were awesome!  As we were finishing lunch they brought over a bowl of cinnamon  crisps.  What a nice touch!  Definitely worth going the staff is really friendly, the green sauce is amazing and the cost for lunch for 5 was under $50!
5	After being suggested to this place a handful of times by my  brother, my family and I went this past Sunday after church.  WOW!  Living in Santa Fe for three years, we knew what to expect with "New Mexican" styled food.  It was right on the money.  None of us realized how much we had missed the flavor!  Everything we ordered was delicious (huevos rancheros, posole, tamales, enchiladas, burros, fry bread & the tortillas!).  The owner was extremely friendly.  Service and food was great.  I have easily told 5-7 people about this place since yesterday afternoon.  We were ready to go back for dinner that night!  A must try.Little hard to find as it doesn't have a sign on the building.  But worth the search :)
5	We're from Albuquerque, so we're always on the lookout for good New Mexican food.  Several family members have been raving about this place for months, so I was excited to try it.  I was not disappointed.  I had the chimichanga with shredded beef and red chile.  It was amazing!  I tasted my sister's green chile enchiladas, and they were equally delicious.The owner and his staff are very welcoming and friendly.  The seating area is somewhat limited, but the owner told us that he is working to add more seating in the future.  The only thing I would do differently next time is remember to buy some tortillas to take home for later.
5	Awsome breakfast burro's here, get them smothered in green chili and cheese, YUMMMIEEEEE!!!!  The green chili stew is the best also, I order mine with added carne asada, but just the way it comes is incredible taste.  Eat here on a regular basis now and have never had any complaints.
4	This is a great family run New Mexican restaurant. Food is fresh and authentic and really reasonably priced. Everything I've tried has been delicious, fry bead, tacos, enchiladas, red chili stew, breakfast burritos, all were great.
5	Finally!  A great Mexican restaurant in Arizona!!  I had the green chile beef burrito and it was fantastic.  The prices are the best around and the amount of food you get makes it even better!  I will be coming here from now on.  I can't wait to come back and try the breakfast!
5	I've eaten here twice in the last two days because the food and service are amazing.
4	Tried their new store at 3140 S. Gilbert Road...very hard to find (no frontage, no signage, no street visibility) but well worth it!  Excellent carne asada.  My wife loves their signature "FRY BREAD"  which is a meal and a half.  Love their use of green chili in a number of dishes.We've been back twice since discovering the place last month and plan to be regulars at this new location.
4	I am from Albuquerque and am probably the pickiest Mexican food eater ever, because I am simply spoiled by having grown up with great New Mexican food. There are only a few places that meet the standards here, and this is one of them. It is hidden and only word of mouth, but so worth it. I have only been once, but want to go back to try everything. The Pork Green Chile is sooooo gooood. Seriously, it satisfied my New Mexican food craving. If I can't be there, I have this place to tie me over. I would recommend it to anyone craving real New Mexican food and spice. The staff was also so nice and helpful.
5	Great food and service. From chips & salsa bar (best salsa!) to the entrees to the complimentary dessert chips (fried flour dusted in cinnamon sugar). We loved it all!
5	What's not to love. Best Green Chile Stew I've ever had! And for $7 to boot. My wife loved the Chimi and I ordered enchiladas with green sauce just to try them. They were as good or better then some restaurants charging twice the price.
5	This is some of the best mexican food we have found.  Haven't found one item on the menu we didn't like.  The green chili is outstanding and you know it's homemade when it has just a little different kick to it each week.  Oh yeah, and the fry bread.  Outstanding.
5	I love this place!  I went there on a total whim with my dad once, and then again with my husband and both times I was extremely impressed.  The huevos rancheros was delicious, and the green chile is sooooo good!  I even really like the chips and salsa.  The price for the quality and portion size is really great too.  I would definitely recommend this place to somebody that is looking for a unique and tasty experience, especially the breakfast (which is served all day).  Yum!  The atmosphere isn't the greatest thing in the world, kind of a small hole-in-the-wall type place but still felt cozy and clean.  I like that it's just a small/family type shop.  Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!
5	Inexpensive and authentic. Not blow the top of your head off green chilies but not for the faint of heart. Pork green chili stew comes with fry bread; pork green chili burrito is about the best around. Get it smothered with more green sauce.
3	The owner and his staff are very welcoming and friendly. But...I grew up in New Mexico and was so hoping a place claiming to be REAL New Mexican food would actually be awesome here in AZ. We tried three different dishes and have to say, not really impressed. Just Okay, Still searching for that 'wow, I am home' place but sadly, this is just not it.Onward!
5	The food here is really terrific! I ordered the Machaca breakfast plate and traded out Chorizo for the shredded beef. What a great choice. The little potatoes and refried beans and great tasting coffee were the perfect combination.My wive had the Huevos Rancheros and she said it was amazing!The food here is very fresh and prepared with care. The tortillas a the only thing not prepared in house, but the recipe used is that of the owners mom. They were really good.I am SO happy that we finally found a great Mexican restaurant place near by to head to on the weekends for breakfast!
4	Yummers!!! My chicken burro was delicious! The chicken was very flavorful and tender.  I am very picky when it comes to red sauce, their sauce was smokey and good :) I will definitely be going back. The staff was very friendly.
4	good food, free chips and salsa and soda refills. The chicken nachos serve at least two. Our favorite snack shack
4	Yummm! I would recommend the chicken and carne asada tacos, fresh grilled meats with good portions.
5	Has been off the charts every time I've been -  breakfast burritos are awesome, green chili pork - the best!  Have a fried egg on your burrito or try it Christmas style (1/2 green 1/2 red sauce) -  nothing but good food - very reasonable too!!!!
5	I went yesterday and had what was one of the best green chili stews ever! When it came to my table I was my typical skeptical self. It was very green in color..hmm i hope this isnt going to be a stew with a bunch of tomatillos and very little chili? Boy o boy was i wrong. As soon as I took the first bite I was in heaven. Huge green chili flavor and watch out it is pretty hot, just the way it should be.  The potatoes were nice and small, and little bits of tomato in there too. Good amount of meat but not too much leaving room for that delicious broth. So yeah. I guess you could say I loved the place.
4	I stayed away from this place for a while because its small and looked more like a fast food joint but I was pleasantly surprised. The refried beans are amazing!!! The whole family was happy with it. Just be prepared that the place is really small but that adds to the small business feel.
4	I ordered the carne asada fry bread loaded with green chili. It was so fresh and the fry bread was perfectly cooked and crisp. I have to say that I was disappointed with the fat pieces that were in the carne asada. I hate when restaurants do not take the time to cut that out. Next time I will be getting pork green chili fry bread and a Navajo taco. It was so good and they were fast and friendly. I heard that the breakfast burritos are amazing. Oh and one more thing...they make their tortillas homemade too and they are so light and fresh. I live in Central Phx but I will be making many trips to this place again!
2	It is different. I don't know if they changed owners or cooks but it's just not as good. Maybe an off night. Had the shredded beef enchiladas and they barely put any chile, the corn tortillas were either over cooked or not fresh but hard and not from frying. I removed the tortillas and scooped out the beef - it wasn't tender but stringy and hard. I poured salsa from the salsa bar on it. I'm so bummed I really, really liked this place. They are still really busy so maybe an off night.I hate eating out and wasting money and calories on mediocre food.
4	I wonder why I never discovered this place.... until now. This is good new mexican food. I had the breakfast bacon and eggs with potatoes....mmm yummy. The tortillas...yea now that is a tortilla! I cannot wait to try their breakfast burritos next time.Go try it....friendly service as well.
5	I love this place. They have a great menu, but you can also walk in and tell them something you are in the mood for and they will find a way to make it if at all possible. Great for breakfast too.
5	I visited New Mexican Grill for the first time last night (Lindsay location), with my sister and two of her kids.  They had all been here previously.  I was very impressed!The physical location itself is very well kept and quite clean and the huge menu of choices presents itself nicely as you walk in.  The staff were all friendly, attentive and accommodating.The food is fantastic.  I am an Arizona native and grew up with a mexican family (my mother's best friend), so I've been raised on Sonoran and New Mexico style mexican food.  AZ has its fair share of questionable establishments; believe me, this is NOT one of them.  Everything was prepared at the time of ordering and the freshness of the ingredients plays out very nicely in the dishes.  A hallmark for me, or a gauge by which to judge how good a given restaurant of this nature is, is the quality of their rice and beans.  Absolutely top-notch here.  Carefully prepared and not overly laden with other flavors.  The same can be said throughout their menu.  Even my nephew was very impressed.  He's not a pro (yet), but he is in a culinary program and is highly aware of kitchen procedures, health guidelines, etc.  The kitchen here is open and can be readily seen, so he noted several things that he noticed and was impressed by.  Everything from the state of the kitchen, to food prep to how good the actual food was.All in all, very well done!  Give them a shot, you won't be disappointed.  I'm also a bit of a chorizo aficionado, so I think I may return there this morning and have some breakfast!  :D
4	Very good Carne platter.  I had the tacos.  Meat was very tasty.  The beans and rice sides were tiny.  You won't love the portions but you will love the taste.
5	Let me preface this by saying that I was born in NM, so the standard to which I judge Mexican food has always been high.  Most so-called Mexican places in the Valley are very mediocre and over-priced for what you're getting.  A family friend (also from NM) recommended New Mexican Grill. Trusting their judgement, I had to see for myself what the fuss was about. Walking in, my first impression was that the place in very simple. A big menu greets you just as you walk in the door.  An ordering counter and kitchen to the left, simple table set-ups to the right, and a self-serve chips and salsa bar in the middle. Looked like the crew that was working on Sunday was pretty young, so you never know  how that will go. We placed our order and helped ourselves to chips and salsa. After a few bites I knew we were in for a good meal. The salsas had that distinctive fire-roasted taste that so few other places do. Big thumbs up. The service was prompt and the food arrived at our table in no time at all. Our group had a little bit of everything, with each item more delicious than the next. The ground beef enchiladas with red sauce and a fried egg were like something straight out of my grandmas kitchen. The green pork tamales were moist and full of flavor. The carne asada tacos were overflowing with tender steak nestled in warm tortillas. It seriously took some will power to NOT go back and order another dinner.If you are looking for an authentic New Mexican meal packed with mouth watering flavors at a very reasonable price, look no further than New Mexican Grill.
5	Wonderfully TRUE New Mexican food!  I've had Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner here and each visit has been great.  My fiance is from NM and we've brought visiting relatives (also from NM) here and they've all loved it too.  The owner is super nice and we'll definitely be back.
5	I grew up in Silver City New Mexico and grew up with a certain kind of Mexican Food taste ... this place NAILS IT.  I love anything green chile on their menu.  The tacos and enchiladas (love the flavor of their red sauce) are amazing too, and more recently I had their red chile plate which because a favorite.  Anything and everything I have had here is amazing.  I love their beans and rice too ... Not much of a kids menu if your kids don't like Mexican food, but they do have cheese crisps for them (just no chicken nuggets or grilled cheese like some other Mexican kids menus do) Anyway - this place is in my top 2 of go to Mexican Food spots in the East Valley (QC, Gilbert, Mesa etc)  Do yourself a favor and EAT HERE - you will be sending me a compliment thanking me later.
4	This place has absolutely the best re-fried beans in the valley. Its quite small inside but all the food I've had there is great and so is the service. The chips and salsa are good but not great that's the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars.
5	Read the reviews and could not believe the praise and comments.  I had to check this place out.  It is in a strip mall and at first glance, I was not overally impressed.  Open the doors and was met with a huge menu and great detail for each item.  Placed the order and got my own chips and salsa.  Now the adventure begins,  chips and salsa was warm and fresh.  After a couple of minutes of covnersation, food arrived.  From the first bite to the last, flavor and presentation were outstanding.  You would not think the kitchen could produce such a excellent meal, but they did for the entire group.  Well done.
4	Great homemade chorizo! Non-pretentious place. Not a great location, but were steadily busy. My husbands chicken burrito plate with green sauce was freakin delicious! We can't wait to try more stuff. I was excited to see they had green chile cheese corn tamales, it's been a while since I had a good one, so high hopes to get my chompers on those. A little pricey on the dozen tamales ($18.99) but must be good, right? We were there early so they didn't have the chips made for the day, but their salsas packed a lot of flavor. Nice people, good food, solid place!
5	We stumbled upon this little gem by accident. What a great find. The food is always fresh. The staff is always friendly. And it's always clean. Great prices too!
5	This is the best Mexican food i ever had....period.I had the Chicken Burrito with rice and it was better than excellent
1	What the HELL is wrong with you Yelpers who like this place?!  A rare Yelp miss, but an almost unforgivable miss.  I am tempted to write a letter to Yelp to audit the accounts who posted positive reviews for this place!  You're either tastebud deficient or a friend of the owner.First of all, we should have walked out when we saw that two employees were just sort of lazily hangin' about and chatting it up in a booth in the back of the joint.  Both looked unkempt and disinterested; thought they for sure were just a couple of hungover college kids.At first I thought they must be on break, but nope they were both involved in us getting our food.  Whoever is managing this place needs to get it under control.  Employees like that will kill your business!The chips and salsa are a joke.  They are just sitting out there under a heat lamp with a sign that says, basically, please don't take too much so we can save money.  Uh,.. never seen something so remarkably cheap in my life.  Even the sign looked cheap, printed on some old paper, off center, and filthy.  The chips were hard and seemed to have been sitting out for a while and likely not fresh.  The salsa was below average and didn't taste fresh.  I am convinced the tomatoes were out of a can.I tried their "specialty," if you dare call this piece of shit special, the Green Chili Pork Burrito.  Again, no way in hell was this fresh. Also bland and boring.  The rice was room temperature and the beans watery.My wife thought hers was just boring and the kids barely ate it.  Stay away!!!
4	This place is the bomb. The ONLY reason I am giving it four stars is because they are pretty greedy with the hot sauce and we LOVE their hot sauce. The green burrito is off the hook and my husband (who is VERY picky about chorizo) says it's yhebest he's ever had. It's not greasy at all. Highly recommend this place to anyone.
5	This place is amazing!!  If you love hatch chiles, you'll love this place.  The green chile stew and fry bread is my all time favorite.
4	They have yummy, fluffy fry bread that are huge! I like that you can get it with carne asada which I prefer from the standard flavorless ground beef that come in an Indian Taco in most places. The asada was flavorful. The ingredients were fresh. They also gave you an option of red or green chile sauce, and I opted for red on the side. The taco did not need the extra sauce but I tasted a few bites with it and enjoyed the flavor of the sauce. It would be bomb on some enchiladas.I got take out and it also included some chips and salsa. You don't see that too often anymore.  Most places charge extra for these. I didn't try anything else besides the fry bread taco but I'm already excited to go back and try more items. So... Yay! I'm a fan!
5	Great food and excellent service!
5	This place is really good. My father-in law told me about it we drove by it like three times. Finally, we realized that the place had no signage. Then we decided to try it, WOW! It's was awesome! So delicious, so much flavor. Personally, get the green chili pork, totally worth it. Did I mention they have fry bread, and they are reasonably priced. It's like chipolte meets filibertos. Meaning great food, simple decor.  You serve your own chips too.
5	Went this morning for breakfast and it was excellent. I had the breakfast chorizo plate and husband had the huevos rancheros both were more than enough food and freshly made! I can't wait to go back and try the fry bread! :)
1	I was a weekly customer until today. The waitress made a simple mistake today by confusing the order, no big deal right? Wrong, she went on to take an accusatory tone with two insulting remarks and then told us next time she would charge us for the wrong order. She should have just owned the mistake and made it right rather than insult our family breakfast. I won't be back, way out of line.
1	First, I was born and raised in ABQ NM. I really WANTED to like this place BUT.........This is not authentic New Mexican food. FYI- I ordered the bean and cheese burrito with half red and half green chile.CONS:- Staff is mediocre and not very friendly- The flour tortillas are not authentic.  It was like plastic and not anything like you would find in a good New Mexican restaurant.- The green and red chile are not authentic, they look more like the chili "sauces" that you see in AZ rather than the pure "gold" that you find in NM.- There was no garnish on my meal except for a coupe of scallions- The beans were SUPER salty-  The rice was nothing special and tastelessPROS-The salsa and chips were ok- Atmosphere is okI will not return and I feel terrible for having to write a negative review.
5	Excellent new mexico cuisine, the green chili pepper sauce and stew are on par with the best around.  Everything is good, but if you don't get it enchilada style you are missing a treat!
5	This is my favorite spot in Gilbert, I've been here like 6 times now and every time I have something great. The second I saw Fry Bread I knew I had to have it. Their meat here be it the carne asada, the chicken or the pork are all seasoned well and taste incredible. I think the steak (Carne Asada) is the best of the three fry breads I have had. The Chicken tacos the best taco and the Chorizo burrito the best burrito (But I haven't had the carne asada burrito). Nice little place with a free chip/salsa bar and delicous food. If you're in the Gilbert Area and want some delicous food or have been craving Fry Bread you need to come here.
5	Went for dinner tonight and was very impressed. This place may not be fancy but it serves up some of the best green chile i have ever eaten. I have tried chile all over the southwest and this ones right up there. Fast friendly service and great chips and salsa. I hope more people find this place because it deserves to be a valley staple.
3	I frequently come here for breakfast (although I have to admit there are few Mexican places to choose from in this area of AZ) The good: The chorizo and eggs are always very good. The huevos rancheros with red sauce is excellent. The carne asada burrito is ok. Now the bad: I'm not a fan of the green chili here sorry NMG. Im not a fan of the huevos rancheros with green sauce. I tried the green pork chili burrito and was not a fan either. Maybe it was the time of day but the meat was really chewy and I didn't like the texture. There are some very good items and not so good according to my taste buds. My suggestion: try them all until you find something you like, don't pass on the place due to one dish you didn't like.The Los...
1	Not fresh and bland.  Wish I hadn't wasted the visit...can't believe everything you read on Yelp.
4	The food was delicious! I ordered the Green Chili Stew with Pork, it was so tasty! The flat bread was a great compliment to it. Everyone at my table enjoyed their selection as well. Their chips and salsa is really good.
4	This is a great little place to get some authentic New Mexican food.  The seating is limited and a little cramped, but the service is fast and friendly.  The owners also regularly return to the community the loose change that is dropped in the tip jar...gracious generosity!
3	Fabulous food, poor customer service. You can just tell the staff has no interest in being there. It would be a much more pleasant place to dine if the people who worked there even just pretended they were happy. I typically prefer ordering take-out.
3	on my first visit I enjoyed the place.  The chile relleno was good, the beans and rice were good.  My friend loves the beef taco plate.  We will try this place again.
5	You have to look a little hard to find this gem.  The New Mexican Grill is a small hole in the wall restaurant (in a new building) at the end of a Medical park type area.  I lived in Albuquerque for nearly 10 years.  There is one thing you figure out real quick and that is the difference between good and bad New Mexican food.  This place is fantastic.  So far I am working my way down the menu and haven't found a bad item yet.  They will even throw an egg or two on your enchiladas and you can have it "Christmas" style (red&green chile)  There is only one drawback.  Dont be in a hurry, this isn't Taco Bell.
5	I was in Az visiting from CA and I found the New Mexico Grill on yelp and thought I would give it a try. My family is from New Mexico so I love to cook and eat the traditional cuisine which is difficult to find in California restauranst. Plenty of Mexican Food places but there is a big difference between the two which I think people often dont know. The fried bread was perfect and the green and red chili tasty A great find!
1	Could there be a half star? He who must eat could not eat the green chili pork - salty and the meat- sorry did not taste like pork. The red sauce had a poured out of a can taste. Sorry but we walked out - haven't walked out in a long long time.
5	We stumbled onto this place for lunch today thanks to Yelp.  I ordered the #4 chile verde  and my wife went with the #3 enchiladas.  Very good food, fresh homemade taste, and you get to support a local small business.  Can't beat it for a good lunch.
5	Awesome NM cuisine. Had the stew and enjoyed every drop. Sweat factor high if you like. Los Dos, there's competition in the valley!
5	I found this place originally by chance. I walked in and absolutely loved the food. I had the chorizo breakfast burrito. All of their food is fresh and homemade! My burrito wasn't greasy, very flavorful and the tortilla was light and delicious. If you dine in, you get their freshly made chips and choice of three salsas. The staff are super friendly and welcoming. It is probably once of the best Mexican restaurants in the valley!
5	Just moved to Arizona and found this place. Food was amazing. I had the steak nachos, wife had a taco and tostada. Everything was fresh and cooked to order. We will DEFINITELY be back.
1	FOOD: We had been once before and the Pasole was awesome! The service was not bad and the green chile rocks.  The Indian Bread Taco had hardly any pork or red chile.  We were disappointed.  The Green chile stew was hot and delicious. The food depending on what you order I would give it between a 3-4.    SERVICE:  Service-on a scale of 1-5, it's about a 1.  Last week we went on a Friday evening not realizing how early they closed.  It was about 15 minutes to 8:00pm and the waitress who rung up our order was very short when we asked about the menu options. AFTER she took our order, she made it very clear that they were closing in 5 minutes.  Had we known this before we place our order we would have walked out.  The chips and salsa  CRUMBS were out and the salsa was almost empty. They made it beyond clear that they wanted us to hurry up and leave.  There were two other customers eating when we sat down.  The other customer later asked the gal behind the counter for more salsa (which by now had already been put away) and she said again stated that the reason they put it away is because they are closed.  They also asked us to refill our drinks so they can shut the soda machine off.  Being in the food business myself, I know this one thing-poor customer service will ruin a business.  Staff should be as courteous to their first customer as they are to the last one.  The salsa container should remain out until the LAST customer leaves.  If they close at 8, then they should allow the customers at least 30-45 minutes to finish their dinner without feeling rushed. Service with a smile and staff should  accommodate customer requests without an attitude.  I get the chips being empty, but a sign maybe could state that due to the freshness of the chips, the last batch will be put out at 7PM-sorry for any inconvenience?Also, I saw at least 2 car loads of customers drive up while we were eating and leave when they saw they were now closed-what a missed opportunity for business!  I know I was not the only unsatisfied customer that evening cause the other lady was quite vocal at the staff lack of customer service.  I was talking with a neighbor and surprisingly she had the SAME experience! Except they mopped while she ate.  I couldn't believe it and on two different occasions.Lots of potential-but the service killed it for me.  Maybe I will just  return for take out.
5	OMG!! The chimichanga with machaca and green is to die for!! I had to slow down because I was eating it so fast and I knew I would get heartburn if I didn't pace myself!! The chips and salsa were also amazing, as well as the rice and beans!! The only fault is that they don't serve alcohol!! A nice margarita would have been perfect to wash it down!! However, you can bring your own liquor if you want! There's a Walgreens down the street!!
4	Great 1st time experience. Very nice servers. Ordered carne asada tacos and beef chimi with my wife. Food was excellent. Great flavor in carne asada. Kid had a quesadilla which was just ok but that didnt stop him from eating his whole plate clean.
3	Review based on breakfast onlyThe good:Pork and green chili very goodDecor fits the conceptThe Bad:No complimentary chips till 11am. Even though they have them sitting right there in the kitchen. No half and half for coffee only powdered creamerNo Mexican rice for breakfast. The potatoes they serve are bland and covered with cheeseTacky handwritten notes on window blinds. See photosCashier who takes the order doesn't know the menu thus creating confusion for the kitchen and customers. I'll probably return but take the food to go.
5	The wife and I have been searching for a good Mexican joint since we moved to AZ seven months ago. Until today, we hadn't had any luck. (My wife is from West Texas, so we're a little picky about our Mexican food.)We absolutely loved this place. I had the chorizo breakfast, she had the machaca breakfast, and we shared a bowl of pozole. It was all amazing. It tasted like a party in our bocas!  This is definitely our new Sunday morning hangover breakfast spot!
4	Good food. Chili relleno was great. Great people great atmosphere. High quality food and service
5	I lived in New Mexico for over 25 years and then moved to Washington state. I just moved back to the Southwest six weeks ago. I had really missed good New Mexican food and someone recommended this restaurant. I love it. They use Hatch chilies and their green sauce is so good. Love everything that I've eaten there and the prices are very reasonable. I could eat there every day!
5	I bought their Red Chili Sauce from their restaurant and it was awesome! I cooked about 3.5 lbs of sirloin meet (cubed) and added the whole jar is red chili and it soo good. I would recommend you give this a try. After feeding my friends I had enough left over to have with fried eggs the next morning!
4	Came in with my fire crew 2x this week! Had posole, was super good with fry bread.Thanks Ralph keep you the great food.KDS/GFD
5	great food and good prices.  food has been 5 stars 6/7 times that we ate there.  complimentary chip and salsa bar for dinner is a pretty cool edition too. i fell in love with the chile relleno (so delicious everytime) so i havent ventured anywhere else on the menu yet.  the girlfriend always gets their machaca taco/chz enchilada/ tostada (#1) combo which is also delicious.  both meals for under $20.  dont forget to leave a tip for the courteous staff!!
5	Best green chili in Arizona, staff is friendly and there isn't anything on the menu that has disappointed! My three year old even wants it more than McDonalds!!!!
1	I came here last week to try out the huevos rancheros that my dad and sister claimed to love. I had been to New Mexico Grill once before for an ok bean burrito so I figured the huevos rancheros would be a safe bet.Much to my dismay, neither the red or green sauce was vegetarian. My only other options were a quesadilla or bean burrito so I went with another burrito. Again, it was ok. I used lots of the thin, red salsa to add some spice. I was very disappointed with their salsa verde though. Normally I prefer it to red, but theirs was so bland.To my father's dismay, the rice wasn't ready yet so he couldn't sub the potatoes with it like he usually does. I don't blame him since the breakfast potatoes are just disgusting. I'd bet dollars to donuts that the flavorless cubes come straight from a freezer bag. I'm not sure why the rice wasn't ready yet just like I couldn't understand why they didn't have chips out either. What really angered me about this place is how I was treated when I asked for corn tortillas for my husband's chorizo scramble. My husband is newly gluten intolerant, and he forgot to ask for corn tortillas instead of flour (maybe it would have been helpful if the cashier asked). When I asked for the corn tortillas, the cashier wanted to charge me $2.59 for three small tortillas! It's ridiculous for two reasons: 1. I'm sure they buy them from Food City for $1/dozen like I do. They definitely aren't made in house. 2. Why can't they show a little customer courtesy by happily giving us a substitution? Instead, the manager demanded that I bring him back the unused flour ones before he would replace them. Why? Was he planning on serving them to someone else?After this terrible treatment, I won't be the least bit sorry if this place goes out of business. They must be having financial troubles if they are cutting this many corners.
4	Great little place in Gilbert. Had pasole, chorizo breakfast burrito, green chile burrito, and green chile stew. All pretty good! And the staff is really nice!
2	We used to eat here quite a bit, but the quality has gone down. The chicken was always moist and fresh, but the last five or so times it has been dried out and flavorless. We usually order 'to-go', but the last time we ate in I was surprised by the lack of cleanliness. I'd like to see them clean up and learn to serve chicken safely without it tasting like saw dust.
4	I've been here a couple times now and I love this place. Breakfast burritos and carne asada quesadillas are on point. They take credit cards and they have a salsa bar with unlimited chips during lunch time.
5	Fantastic!!Had the green chilie pork once and the pork chimichanga another time. Great.And the salsa was amazing! The green salsa was the best I've ever had....just something about it. And the second time (not so much on the first) the pico was awesome.One of the few things I found in Phoenix area worth writing home about!
4	I'm only giving  four stars because I've only had one item from the menu. My wife and I popped in yesterday and I ordered the carne adovada frybread. It was absolutely amazing! I ordered it Christmas style (red and green chili). I can't advise beyond that but the staff is extremely polite and the free chips and salsa is also very good. Will certainly be back.
5	I've got to give this place a 5 star! We drove from Maricopa to go furniture shopping and decided to stop here for lunch. The restaurant was clean and decorated nicely, and the staff was very friendly. My boyfriend had the carne asada burrito and I had the shredded chicken chimichanga. While we waited we helped ourselves to their chips and salsas. Now, I am very picky with chips and salsa, I really like fresh authentic Mexican food and can't stand things like pace picante and tostitos, sorry but no. The New Mexican Grill has awesome chips and salsa!!! Even though I usually like thinner chips, I really enjoyed theirs. Our food came out piping hot and everything was flavorful and moist, nothing was dried out, including the rice. Both the green and red hatch chilies were very tasty; i preferred the red and my boyfriend liked the green better. Also their prices were pretty fair so that's always a plus. We had an excellent experience and will absolutely be going back!
4	Found this place on Yelp, went to check it out.Staff is friendly, the place is clean and has interesting decor.the food was really good.  My hubby had the green pork burrito with green sauce.  Very tasty!  I had the fry bread (which I have never had before) with machaca, also really good.  We live close by and like a good mexican place, so we'll be back!the chips and salsa bar is a good idea, you can take what you are going to eat and not waste a bunch of stuff.  Green salsa was good, but I really liked the red.  Especially with the fresh bits of peppers and stuff.  yummy
1	I've been eating here since they first opened and have always loved the food and service is good. A couple of weeks ago I had to work late so decided to call for take out.  I looked the number up on my phone and placed my order.  When I arrived the young man said he didn't have my order; he said "you probably called the Gilbert Rd store". He showed me the number and I had. So, I asked if he could make the order for me and he said; "no you ordered from the other one and you have to go there." I told him I live in the other direction and would call the other store to cancel and again he refused to make the order for me. He said "it will take you just as long to drive down Gilbert as it will for us to make it so go there". I was appalled!!! It was 8pm and I had just worked a 12 hour shift and now I had to go 3 miles out of my way.  I realize it was my mistake but the way I was treated was unacceptable. I always enjoyed going there for lunch; Ralph and the day staff are very pleasant but I won't go back.  Also, they now serve on paper plates and use plasticware.  Prices have risen, portions are smaller and now we have to eat on paper.....I don't think so!  I have many colleagues who feel the same; these prices are not fast food paper prices.  Good way to lose business; it's a shame that a great place is going downhill.
5	The Machaca and Egg Breakfast burrito is awesome and at $4, it's a great deal. The service is always top notch from this family owned restaurant. I usually feel awkward at small family owned restaurants, but these guys really do seem to care about their customers.
5	I've been eating here pretty regularly since it first opened. Since it's not in the busiest easy to find part of Gilbert, it used to always be easy to get in and has great food. Evidently, people are finding out about this place because now, at the right time, you'll be waiting sometimes out the door to get in. This place IS that good. I'll still stand in line, I don't care. Price is reasonable and food is great. I usually try to get something different every now and then and have never had anything I didn't like there. Staff is always great and has a nice outside area.
4	The green chile stew was fantastic. The pork green chile burrito was just ok. Loved the fry bread!
5	The chili verde is spectacular.  Not for the faint of heart. Very hot and spicy. Highly recommended.
5	So delicious. I used to work across the street and we regularly would get breakfast burritos for the office. I got so hooked we now drive from Tempe to eat here. So delicious! Get your burrito smothered! Mmm
5	Don't miss out on this place.I had simple soft chicken tacos and the flavor was out of this world. The beans and rice are incredibly fresh and delicious.
3	New Mexican is a good place to eat. Standard food at good prices. There are better places for Mexican in the area, but one is far off and one is three times the price. Worth a try.
4	Great little place.  We ordered shredded beef tacos, beef and potato tacos, carne asada burrito, bean tostada, and a cheese enchilada.  All were awesome.  The salsa and red sauce were both good as well.  Everything tasted authentic, even the beans and rice.  Casual, cheap, clean, local, and family owned.  I'm glad we finally went.  We'll be back.
3	Pretty good chow here and a great place to go for Sat and Sun breakfast particularly if you sit outside on a nice day.  It is removed from the road a bit so it is more relaxing without having all of the cars buzzing by.  They have Posole on the weekends that is pretty darn good.  If you get it with the fry bread it is even better.  They have good breakfast burritos but I find them to be of varying quality.  Sometimes I go and they are moist and flavorful and other times they are a bit dry.  When they are right they are some of the best i've had.   I tried their Chile Relleno and the the green sauce they use with it is wonderful but portion size was a little small.  Nachos are loaded up nicely and also good.  In regard to the style it is a "order up front" place where they will then bring food to the table.  You serve your own drinks and grab your own chips but depending on who is helping you, you may get some refills from the wait staff.  Not a place to take a date but certainly a good joint to grab some good chow with some nice flavor.
4	Good, Quick Mexican Food. Made to order. Fresh salsa & chips. Great Guacamole. Good prices.
4	Yesterday I ordered the chicken burrito combo buried beneath green sauce for lunch.  Good.  Love the chips!  Everyone around myself had a good meal as well.
3	Nice little hole in the wall. Used to come here regularly and it was my go to place. One thing tho, their rice and beans used to be the tastiest simple fare. I dont know if they changed something but not as good as it used to be. And didnt they use real silverware before now its all plastic. Also management needs to school their new help in customer service and cleanliness. Last time at least two of their workers just standing around doing nothing while empty dirty tables were not cleared away. From great to just a okay but will still check in once in a while. Hint : Step up your game NMG. You do have competition. Meanwhile Ive discoverd a new place in Gilbert that is not such a hole in the wall, Nearly the same prices good food and customer service.
4	Great breakfast place..homemade tortillas are worth the trip! So are the delicious, authentic  refrained beans. Had delicious breakfast with bacon and  potatoes, tortillas and beans. (I don't eat eggs)
1	My wife and I were regular customers here( 2-3 per week) till a few months ago.  We were shocked to see signs being posted throughout the restaurant. The owner seems more concerned about pennies than dollars.  We have never felt so unwelcome to a place. We felt we would try again this weekend to see if things have gotten better. To our surprise, it has gotten worse! A red letter sign on the front door about outside drinks with the statement," and don't even ask."  It just turned us away. This place was almost always packed for breakfast. There was 4 cars in the parking lot this morn.  Sad to see a business slowly failing over trivial things. Food was always good. :-(
5	Best green chili fry bread!!! I have had several other things off the menu and have never been disappointed!
2	FOOD is incredble!!  BUT  i am a regular but the fact that you have to pay for chips prior to 10:00AM for breakfast is making me not want to continue to go... I asked for ships this morning and payed and got maybe 12 chips under a large burrito so they were crushed basically.. plus 2 small tiny containers of salsa.... I payed for this mind you, I was very disappointed to say the least....  plus only one size of Posole... not everyone wants a quart of it when they order it!!!
5	This place is great! I come here strictly for the fried bread. The staff is always welcoming and so is the environment. If I am ever unsure about what I want, the staff will offer sampling sauces, meat, Ect. The owner always come by my table and says hello and is always friendly. The food is extremely affordable, plenty and of course... Delicious!  I have actually arrived at other restaurants and got back in my car to come here... This place is so good I wrote this review before I finished my plate! Thanks NMG!
1	SO again I venture in today early for a breakfast item.... hard to decide so I go with the special of the Day.... A green chili burger and a side of fries... Ii have had this before and needles to say it was great prior... not so much this time... they forgot to put the green chili sauce on the burger... what a disappointment... while I was awaiting my meal a gentleman was also there who seems like a regular picking up breakfast burritos to the point the owner knows what burrito by name the customer is talking about and asks for chips to go after the bill was paid... the girl says "this would have been nice to know before as we charge for chips before 10AM" so the customer lets it go after saying that's crazy we are regulars and spend a lot of money here on a regular basis..... as he is waiting he gives me a look like I know exactly what he is talking about.... so after his food is ready he asks again so can I get some chips? her reply was "like I said before I would have liked to have know this before so I could charge you" Customers reply was that's fine I wont be coming back, and walks out...he forgot his keys apparently and returns 5 minutes later... the waitress or cashier reply's " I thought you weren't coming back" WTF who says that to a customer in the first place? he leaves and raises his voice this time. he replies this time I really won't be back and I will not refer any of my clients to you either!!!! I do not blame him one bit... as I tried to enjoy my burger that was incorrect in the first place the taste went bad rapidly as I overheard to owner and the cashier talk bad about him for the next 5 minutes... also to add to the prior statement the owner's reply to the customer was "that's fine we don't need you"I rapidly got up and made my final exit!!!!! the sad thing is the food is great but the lack of service over a .30 cent bowl of chips is sad...... I would have been happy myself with a bowl of chips and it would have made a great start to my day!!!! but they proved otherwise toady.....WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT!!!!!!!very poor service and a lack of respect for others... I am A business owner and we were awarded by a notable company recently for BEST OF MESA 2014   so I get the customer service aspect which lacks greatly here......
5	Stopped by at 7 this morning to grab a breakfast burrito for my son only to realize they don't open until 8 on Saturdays. The owner saw me and was kind enough to whip the burrito up for me. Greatly appreciated.
5	My group had Fry Bread, Tacos, and Burritos. Carne, chicken, beef. All were DELICIOUS and flavorful. Love the look and feel of the place (reminds me of my favorite taco stop in Tucson). When you go in it's like you've found a delicious surprise restaurant hidden away from public eye. The fresh ingredients on the plates were refreshing.They have an open kitchen so you can see everything that's going on. Then, on top of that, expansive menu was impressive.I want to go back- and I'll tell people I had great food+service there.
5	All the firemen and cops come here, questions?  It's definitely New Mexico style, not typical Sonoran style, and 4 Stars is too low of a rating.  The food is simply wonderful, especially if you like red & green chile.  Just don't expect luxury, as it is a small corner walk up counter, but it's clean and cozy
5	Our favorite place close to home for breakfast, lunch and dinner too. Got company visiting? We run over and get a big batch of breakfast burritos. Best local place for authentic Mexican food! We're here at least once a week and tell everyone we know about it and we love supporting local family owned businesses! Enjoy!
5	I love this place, been here eat in and take out.  Really good food, good prices too.  We keep coming back.
4	This place is small, but big on flavor. Was not sure what to get, so My wife and I ordered the Green chile Stew - wow. That had some serious flavor along with the chicken we shared it kind of. I ate most. We also ordered the Machaca Frybread, was very good as well. Wife ordered the Chicken Chimichanga and the portion was big and tasty. I will come back for more...
5	This was my first time here. People were very friendly and the relleno was hot, fresh, and delicious!! The only recommendation is to get the signage up so people can find you!!!
5	We've been to several Mexican restaurants ranging from cheap to expensive. This place tastes more expensive than it is. Made fresh daily and it tastes like it. Awesome awesome  awesome.
5	I have never been anything but impressed by the food or service at New Mexican Grill. The indian fry bread is good, but the hatch chiles are the real attraction! I absolutely love this place!
2	Hubby and I were craving some mexican, so we decided to try this place. We called about 25 minutes before their ridiculously early closing time of 8pm. The woman was incredibly rude, asked us how far we were (which makes sense it was the nasty tone she used), then told us twice to hurry and make sure we were there before closing. Despite telling her we were less than 5 minutes away. We get there about 15 til, food's not ready and there are 8 people inside still eating! Clearly they weren't getting out of there on time anyway. Based on the reviews I expected really exceptional food, I can put up with rude staff for good food. Rude staff and mediocre food? Not so much. We ordered a burrito, some tacos, beans and guac. All of which were just bland, the flavor people speak of must come solely from their sauces. I feel meat should actually be seasoned and wholly reliant upon red sauce. The chips that came with the meal super thick and overcooked. The portion sizes were also very small compared to most other "mom and pop" mexican joints. Usually for the same price we have enough leftovers for at least lunch. I'm honestly disappointed, I was hoping to find a place that could replace the Villa's by our old house.
5	I'm giving five stars because this is some BOMB food! Rice is oh so good, liking it a lot! This place has definitely replaced filibertos for me, will be coming back for more!! Mmmmmm.....Good!!
5	Really great!
5	Top notch breakfast burrito. All ingredients are fresh; they also don't follow the trend of other places by using tons of potato filler in there. I tried the machaca breakfast burrito - it's got peppers, tomato, green chile, cheese, egg and potato. Great mix, piping hot, and huge. For around $4. I could probably split it and still be full. I will be back regularly for this quick stop. Next time I'll try the chorizo - they make it themselves and claim it's lean and not greasy.
3	This placed was crowded on a Friday night mostly with young families. They give you a little dish so you can pile on fresh chips with three different salsas by the counter- unlimited! So it's nice.I ordered the Chile Relleno- a thin, roasted green chile stuffed with cheese, served with rice and beans. I thought the chile would be more stuffed with meat or quinoa or something but it was really thin with cheese, and the rice and beans were nothing too  spectacular. My friend's quesadilla was just OK too.
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets!Seriously, the food here is outstanding. I read the reviews and was a little bit skeptical about how good it could be. In all honesty, it's as good as it gets in my opinion. As good as El Molino in Scottsdale used to be before it was sold.Eat here.
4	Outstanding food. Breakfast burritos are a steal and crazy good. Green chile pork plate is super good.  Location makes you think "we should get this to go next time". Service is fast if not slightly indifferent seeming. Green chili though.
4	This place is amazing I have tried many different things on the menu everything is great!!!! Only wish they were a full service restaurant !!! Maybe one day !
1	Always have great things to say BUT. If you're going to close at 7:45 then thats what should be posted on your sign not 8:00.  Its a burrito. It'll take about 4 minutes to cook
4	We were running errands in the Gilbert area and this restaurant came up in our Yelp Search. It's a pretty small restaurant but it wasn't too busy when we had gone in.I ordered the #6 Combination Plate (which is as follows: grilled chicken burrito with pico de gallo, beans, guacamole, cheese smothered with Hatch Chile sauce and topped with sour cream) with only rice and my date got the #6 Combination Plate (which is: three Carne Asada tacos with onion, cilantro, tomatillo salsa) with rice and beans.While we were waiting for our food, we enjoyed some free chips and salsa from their complimentary chips and salsa bar for dine-in customers. They had three types of salsa - a pico de gallo style, a green chile one, and a hot salsa. All were equally delicious ... the hot salsa definitely had a big kick to it and the other two salsas were really flavorful.As far as the food goes, the burrito was really really big ... way bigger than I had expected it was going to be. I had ordered it smothered in the green chile sauce, which I thought was just okay but the chicken, beans, guacamole, and sour cream made for a delicious combination. I thoroughly enjoyed it. I tried a bite of the Carne Asada tacos and they were really good as well - they had the perfect amount of onions & cilantro to compliment but not overpower the meat.Also, the price was definitely right. I paid $8  and some change for my giant meal, half of which was leftover. We'll be back.
5	Delicious food and hearty portions. I go for the posole on the weekends. In the restaurant now on a Sunday morning and every table has customers with a bowl of posole on it.
5	So, I gotta say this place is good.  I never write reviews but I eat here every week.  My whole family loves this place and wether we eat in or pick up its good.  Green chili is hot. Get in there and check it out.
5	We took the advice from fellow yelp-ers and tried this restaurant out when we were in the area. The food was full of flavor! I had the machaca beef enchiladas -- one with green sauce and one with red sauce. I'm a fan of their green sauce, it was outstanding. I will go back soon!
5	I'm from CA and was looking for Mexican food, this was not exactly what I was looking for, but better. Great food.
5	Four stars for the food, service, cleanliness, and convenience. An extra star for the Green Bay Packers memorabilia. Woo!
1	Fix your hours on Yelp. Nothing like driving to a closed restaurant that says they should be open. I know that is petty, but it is annoying.
2	I was excited to take a few friends here that are big fans of New Mexican Cuisine. I ordered my standard, a Grilled Chicken  Chimmichanga with Green chile, no beans and extra rice. Not being a fan of re fried beans I was disappointed and shocked when my Chimmi arrives and it's filled with chicken and beans. I spoke to a man who must have been the owner/manager and told him I'd been here many times before and it never had beans in it.  He told me they always come with beans and I must have ordered something different on my prior visits. Not true, I always order the grilled chicken and it's NEVER  had beans in it. It was getting close to an argument and figured I'd take the higher road since he reluctantly agreed to replace the meal.Food comes out and it's as good as ever. The manager/owner comes back over to my table to ask if everything was ok and I responded with a smile and yes. I guess he felt it was necessary to once again explain to me that I had ordered incorrectly and to make sure I specify that I didn't want re fried beans.  I politely explained  that I had, that on my previous 5 visits it NEVER had beans and pointed out to him that  nowhere on his menu did it say that beans were standard filling. Just a quick message to ownership. The food at your restaurant is outstanding, as good as I've found throughout the valley but the attitude I experienced today really makes me not want to return. 5 stars for the food and 1 for the service.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! Me and my boyfriend's go to place when we want to go out to eat! Very casual and the food is amazing! Definitely get anything smothered in their green chili!
2	The place is OK. I was a little peeved with their Carne Asada burrito. The description on the menu doesn't say anything about having beans, but what they gave me was a burrito packed with refried beans and only a few pieces of carne asada meat. When we asked for one without beans, they were a little rude about it, so I told them not worry about it and just dealt with the burrito I had. Later, the manager then even went to my table and talked to me about being "picky" and how they have quality beans. My husband's meal was decent. It's definitely not New Mexican style Mexican food, nor is it super authentic Mexican food, but it's decent food. I wouldn't go back, but I don't hate them either.
5	Loving this place. Gets busy on Friday nights but worth the wait! The green chili sauce is legit and don't get me started on the fry bread. The tortillas are super soft and fresh.
