1	Horrible franchise owner.  Pathetic.  I like KFC and I will eat it about 4 times a year.  This particular KFC is closest to me so I have been quite a few times over the past 2 years.  Without exception, this KFC franchise (I assume its a franchise store and not company owned) is consistently inept, unprofessional, and unorganized. Always a wait for something, which typically means the owner cares more about minimizing food use and cares nothing about their customers. Moreover, any half-intelligent employee is never there a month later.  Just returned from there and apparently the shift lead woman cant count - got 8 "chicken bites" when I ordered and paid for 10, and 3 of those 8 were visibly overcooked. I returned on principal  to let them know, and this shift-lead lady got mad at me...as if I would drive 5 miles home, eat 2 "bites", and come back 20 min later WITH the 8 in the box looking to scam KFC out of 2 "bites".  This KFC belongs in North Vegas, not Henderson.  AVOID THIS GHETTO-KFC.
1	I went to this store and ordered over $31 in chicken and sides to take home.  When we got home, we discovered that the extra biscuits that I paid extra for, were not included in the bag.  We ate the rest of the meal, and near the end of the meal, my daughter bit into her chicken strip, felt something hard, and pulled a small stud earring out of her mouth.  I went back to the restaurant a few minutes later and explained the situation to the person at the counter.  She said that I needed to talk to her "____coach"  I could not understand what she was saying, and asked her to repeat herself a couple of times.  I still could not figure out what kind of "coach" she was talking about.  I asked to speak to her manager and was told her "coach" was the manager and that I would need to call her after 8pm because she was busy.  I reminded the person behind the counter that I too was busy and did not like having to come down to the store again because an earring from someone's body was found in my food.  I contacted the "coach" after 8PM and was told that she would open a claim into the incident.  I asked for a refund for our food and the woman told me that she would not give me my money back.  She said that I would have to return all the food back to the store.  I told her the rest of the meal was eaten by my family and asked which end she wanted it out of!  She said that she would give me a store credit for the biscuits that were missing from my order. So, the only restitution for finding a foreign object in the food is a store credit to go back and eat their food again. I contacted the Health District. I have also been in contact with the insurance company regarding the investigation. This incident is ongoing.When we told a friend about this incident, they knew exactly which KFC we had this horrible experience in, even before we told them where it was. They had a bad experience there too.
