5	Classic Catering is an A+ catering company in my book!  Their food is absolutely amazing, and their staff is extremely knowledgeable and friendly.  They have outstanding customer service, and since they are family owned and operated their prices are even better!  I love Italian food, so their lasagna is my favorite.  It is seriously better than my moms (I hope she doesn't see this) which I thought was impossible.  I will definitely be using them again for any events I will have in the future, and will refer them to anyone I know who needs a caterer.
5	Amazing catering company!  Their lasagna and 3 layer cookies are just like my mom made when I was younger!  Awesome!
5	This company did our Wedding rehearsal dinner the night before our wedding for about 80 people. They did an outstanding job. We had it at a family member's house and they brought all of the tables, chairs, table coverings, and even did a carved ice sculpture for us. The food was excellent, and the service was great. They also brought their bartenders to stay throughout the night.
5	It was a great pleasure to work with Classic Catering for our wedding reception! Joe and Millie were so sweet and wonderful to work with. The staff at the reception was very helpful and courteous. If you want authentic Italian with many accommodating options, Classic Catering is the place! After our taste test I couldn't wait for the wedding just to have their Vodka Pasta again! Incredible food, great staff, I would recommend them to anyone for any event big or small!!
5	We used Classic Catering for our wedding reception.  They were beyond fantastic.  Their pricing was incredibly reasonable, especially compared to their competition.  The food was outstanding and many of our guests have let us know they loved the food.  I especially loved their attitude.  I felt like the Pipolas were family friends helping us make our wedding day spectacular.
1	Would not recommend. The food was sub par and not that reasonable $$. Service was okay but Joseph is just rude. Does not seem to care if he has repeat customers. Don't understand the previous reviews. Not our experience.
5	I would highly recommend classic catering for any occasion. The food and service was incredible.  They will definitely be hearing from me again!!  Thank you for a wonderful experience.
5	Great guy, great business! I've never met someone more competent with catering services. Organized, honest, and experienced. Can't go wrong with Classic Catering.
5	PERFECTION  !!!   We used Classic Catering to cater a birthday party . It was beyond perfection . Fom the inital call to the very end of the evening  . The entire Pipolas family were amazing to work with . And the FOOD !!! it was fantastic !!  Every guest comented  on how delicious  it was . Thank  you Denise for your outstandiing service the night of the event . It a sincere pleasue to have you in our home. Spectacular  !!
5	Couldn't be more impressed and happy with Joe and Miley and the amazing staff of Classic Catering. This is the most helpful catering service I've ever dealt with, accommodating to our ever whim. The food was exceptional, the staff was attentive and friendly, and the display was beautiful. This was such a stress free event to host and so beautifully executed. Big thanks to Classic Catering. Highly, highly recommended!
