4	Montreal's most famous bachelor party scene is only better when there are places like Action Commando Paintball around. It's a giant facility - where there is both a paintball arena and a giant go-kart track. In more or less words, it's the ultimate men's playground.The paintball scene is among the best I've seen. After opting for the adrenaline package ($60CAD per person), my group of 10 and I were given uniforms, masks, and semi-automatic paintball guns, 500 ball ammo, and our very own referee. A couple of tips: Wear clothes that are paint friendly and know the uniforms are really just coveralls, which are meant to be worn over the clothing (hence, no real changing area).It goes without saying, the venue is massive. It reminded me of an indoor tennis facility with all of the nets separating each section. Most of the "courts" are truly different paintball environments, which almost feels like being outside, except in my opinion, far better. Despite being littered with paintballs day in and day out, the place was surprisingly clean and didn't smell like a locker room.My group and I had a blast. Each of the fields had a different element to them and the fact there was no time limit was super nice. It is super easy to get trigger happy, so we got an extra 300 balls to keep the fun alive. Even though we were only 10 guys, I think 20 would've been ideal.And despite the fact we had such a fun time, the one thing that kept this place from being a five star was the fact we had such a tough time communicating with some of the staff. My initial reservation took almost a half an hour to do because the guy on the phone wasn't able to understand English too well. It might've been the same guy who was our ref, who sadly decided to revert to Quebecois French to explain the game ("capture the flag") and confusing 3 native French speakers (Belgium and France) in the process. It's a bad day when even the Frenchiest of folks aren't able to keep up.
4	There are two locations! We went to the one in Laval, which is a short drive on the highway from downtown montreal. Came here for a bachelor party on a Friday afternoon. There was a lot of down time between events (took about 2 hours to finish a go-karting package that was three fifteen minute races) because the place was so busy. The karts had good speed, and the staff were quick to help people who were stuck along the walls. The paintball area probably had too many large places to hide behind. I would personally prefer a few smaller obstacles to encourage movement and not just camping. The ground was also completely wet--it was like playing in a swamp, but I guess it's tough to maintain an indoor field. All said, we had a good time.
