5	Downtown Scottsdale is one of the few areas in the Phoenix area that lends itself well to walking. And every Thursday evening from 7-9 pm for the past 30 years (except on Thanksgivings), that's exactly what art-lovers in Scottsdale have been doing. Walking. The over 100 art galleries along Main St., Marshall Way, and throughout Old Town participate, many with artist receptions, hosing one giant, informal open house. Several times during the year, look for special themed Art Walks with live music and entertainment.The perfect way to get out and see Scottsdale!
5	Whether it is Art Walk or just any day I love shopping or looking at the galleries in Downtown Scottsdale. I cannot yet say I have even been to most of them because there are so many! All of the galleries I have been to have been really cool with amazing one of a kind pieces. All of the owners have been very nice to me which is cool. I guess I have this stereotype that all people who work in galleries will see I'm young and can't afford anything and will be snooty to me. Not the case though! Great way to kill a day, and really fun to do the art walk at night which has a great energy!Ollie the Trolley=Free!
5	once per 'season' (yes I know phoenix doesn't have seasons, just hot and less hot, yet i love it) they have a super art walk.  There are street performers, free food, radio stations.  Most galleries have wine to sample.  Makes for a good time. Not to mention some amazing artwork.  I have been known to window shop on a somewhat crooked walk home from the bars, its even better when you get to go in!
4	An Art Walk in Old town is enjoyable and great to do from time to time.  Locals and tourists get an excuse to enjoy the great weather in Arizona. Don't forget about special art events that happen in the area like the Wine and Art Festival that is held every fall.
4	I love coming to the Art Walk. This is a great way to spend a Thursday evening during the spring and fall when the weather here is perfect. Some of the galleries even have free wine samples. There are some pretty interesting galleries here to check out.
5	Kind of like a warm, outdoor version of the National Gallery in DC.  I would even be willing to say you'll see more interesting collections than what is housed at our DC gallery.There's plenty of Southwestern scenes of Native Americans and the Grand Canyon, but I did manage to admire 2 pricey Picassos, and multiple paintings of faraway landscapes.  The galleries on Main St are amazing and have an ecletic collection.
3	In these depressed economic times, it is refreshing for a city to offer a free activity.  I'm Chinese and I'm all about free.  I enjoyed an hour of wandering around, drinking free wine and enjoying some good local art.  I suggest you do the same on a Thursday night.
3	Wow,  probably the largest collection of paintings with cowboys riding horses into a setting desert sun I have ever seen!!! You will never see more paintings of cacti in your life! Numerous painting and carvings of various Native American Indians.... If this is your thing, this IS the place. Actually to be fair there is much more to be seen you just have to wonder a bit. I actually do recommend this if you are in the area on a Thursday evening.
4	Kevin and I have been to the Scottsdale Art Walk several times. We enjoy the lively Scottsdale scene, and we feel so welcome by those working in the galleries. The pressure is off, and we are able to really enjoy all the different mediums of art without being hounded by salespeople. We especially love the modern galleries. There are a ton of galleries dedicated to Native American art, which Kev and I skip over, but if you love that stuff, this is the place for you. It is a lot of fun to dress up and pretend like we can afford some of these amazing works of art. Last time I went a bit overboard and wore 3 inch high heels. Never again. With neat restaurants and bars nearby, this is a great place to go on a date (for free) and then end with some appetizers nearby (may I suggest Culinary Dropout?). We will definitely do this again soon, and this time I'll toss my pride aside and wear flats.
4	This is a great way to explore downtown Scottsdale's art scene once the weather lets up. I would not recommend this activity in the summer. Many of the galley owners provide snacks, cheese, wine, etc. Plus, the old-town area bars tend to boom on these nights.
4	The art walk was worth a visit even though we walked around this part of town being closed. Seriously, all the art galleries here was closed on a late saturday afternoon. But that didn't stop me from checking out some cool collection of sculptures and paintings. Checkout the face sculpture outside Gebert Contemporary, its worth taking pictures with. If your a tourist and need to add that Scottsdale Itinerary, this art walk should be part of it. Also its next to Old Town, explore it and feel this part of that Scottsdale love. Well at least experience it during operating hours :P
5	A must do on Thursday evening if you're a tourist. Tons of art galleries feature lots of Native American culture, sculptures, jewelry and some of the galleries have wine! Expensive- but a great way to appreciate art. If you're staying at a local hotel, find a golf cart driver. They work off tips!
