5	Basha's deserves it's motto "Your Hometown Grocer" many time over. Now that I live in SE Chandler, where several members of the Basha family live,  maybe I'm biased; but Basha's has always been my favorite grocery store.First of all, the stores are the perfect size-- not too small, but not so big you get lost in them.  Best of all they're small enough that the folks there recognize you after only a return visit or two. This particular store location is staffed with friendly cashiers, offers free childcare, has an extensive organic selection, and an amazing bakery where the bread is always fresh. The Basha family has donated untold amounts to education, the arts, the environment and the community here. The least I can do is buy my milk and eggs from them.
1	Do not.  DO NOT!This review is specifically for the Chinese Fast Food in the front of the store which is set-up similar to Panda Express.  We like the store itself.DO NOT!We wanted something quick and easy for dinner and made the mistake of giving this a shot.  In case you didn't pick up on my previous admonitions, DO NOT eat here.  We took our food home, tasted it, picked at it, I actually ate some and regretted it still this morning.  The rice was dry, the cubed veggies in the rice were re-dehydrated.  The spicy chicken was spicy, oily and stale.  Overall the freshness and quality was poor, especially the freshness.  DO NOT!Again, the store and staff in the store are friendly and the manager cheerfully refunded our money this morning so for the store, DO and for the Chinese prepared food, DO NOT.In closing I would like to sum-up with the following: I don't recommended the Chinese food here.  You thought I was going to say DO NOT didn't you?
3	Well all I can say is convenient.  I am not a fan of Basha's anymore.  The prices are to high and the selection is just not what I am looking for.  The staff though is always friendly and I am always in and out, so for that you get an additional star.  I would hate to see them gone but I will usually make the effort to shop somewhere else.
3	Just quickly ran in and grabbed some stuff for dinner. Never been inside of this store until today. It's okay. I don't think the fruits and vegetables are the best but they'll do in a time crunch (because the store is located near the house) but I would prefer Safeway for fruits, vegetables and possibly meats. Prices are average - specials on some things but nothing out there that makes this store stand out.
3	Over priced but if you wanted a better price you'd hit up Basha's food city right, lol.
1	I am a power shopper and have shopped at all the grocery stores in Gilbert, Queens Creek, Mesa and Chandler in the area so I have my own rating system for all of them. This store is at the low end compaired to others. The grocery prices average more than most other stores. What I also don't like about this Bashas is the lax control in the store. The last two times I went into this store there were groups of teenagers in the store going up and down the aisles yelling and goofing around taking selfies, and even riding a skateboard down the aisle. Where is the store help or manager to control things. There were elderly people in the store and could have been injured when the teenagers kept stepping out in front of the people that were actually shopping.
1	Oh my gosh worst experience EVER!!!  So first day we moved to Arizona we had to get groceries.  Closest one was this Bashas in Gilert Road.  We went in and actually liked that they had lots of good looking produce and they even had ceviche which is one of my favorites.  I hadn't had it for over 20 years.  So after we got everything we needed.  The cashier asked us if we had Bashas's card.  We said no we just moved here.  She said oh this will save us more money and she gave us a paper fill out for this card.  Well after that somehow the register had cleared everything we bought before checking out so she had to do it over again.  Then when the receipt printed it printed double and so it looked like we were charged double for everything.  We had to get help from the manager and instead of just crediting the full amount and doing the whole process from start he credit each one by one, then do the check out again.  This process took over 90mins.  We were so exhausted.  And then he had the nerve to give us 10 dollars for our trouble.  This experience was SO terrible we have not gone in there since.  We are only shopping at Frys and other grocery stores.  We have boycotted Bashas after this experience even though it's right by our house.  Now Frys in Gilbert, AWESOME!  Staffs are super friendly and I love their produce and meat department.  It's our favorite grocery store.
