1	While the price was lower than average for the area it's in (north scottsdale / cave creek) and the the pizza was ready ontime, it was definetly not worth the savings.  This was one of the worst pizza's I've ever had.  My father and I decided to throw the entire thing away after eating just one slice a piece.  I thought the crust was decent, but the sauce tasted like it was out of a can, the cheese tasted like plastic, and the chicken I got on my pizza (yes, I like chicken on my pizza) was a deepfried cutlet that was sliced up and placed ontop.  Eat at your own risk.
1	I have to completely agree with Justin about the quality of food from Number 1 Brothers; it was one of the worst pizza experiences I've had.. and I gave them two chances. The 'cheez' is nasty and it seems like all of the toppings are either canned or jarred. Avoid!
3	Well, I have to respectfully disagree with the previous two reviews for #1 Brothers.  I live nearby and anytime I have ordered their pizza or food for that matter I haven't been disappointed.  The food has always been ready on time and they will even cook it a little longer  to get the more well done crust, which I like.  I will agree that some of the toppings may be canned, olives and mushrooms, but it has always tasted fine.  This is a good place for a few pizzas for watching a game or just spur of the moment.  The only draw back is that they don't deliver and are closed on Mondays.
5	I've personally been to this place severale times and I love it. The reason people that have written reviews before me said they don't like it is for a good reason. They may be used to the low quality food served at places like dominoes and pizza hut. Number one brothers on the other hand uses high quality ingreadients and family recipes for the sauce! People who don't like it just maybe aren't  used to higher quality food. If you have tried real east coast pizza you will love this place. The service there is incredible the staff are great, very friendly. You'll have to wait longer for food there because it's made fresh. That's not to say that it's slow though. The sauce is my favorite it's simmered for eight hours! How's that for quality? Try the shaved ice too. I recomend chocolate, it tastes like brownie. Anyway I highley recomend this place to any one who likes quality east coast pizza and subs. Chase out!
4	This is NOT your high-end, fancy-pants, California Pizza Kitchen kind of place.  Think New Jersey - which is good, solid old-fashioned pizza put together by real Italians.  Basic pizza with basic toppings at a very reasonable price.  I'm not surprised Justin D. wasn't happy with the chicken they put on his pizza - this ain't that kind of joint!  He might just as well have asked for the Thai chicken pizza, or the pesto pizza - not here!  Basic decor with TVs playing and booths throughout.I found it a good lunch stop when I went.  I was in and out quickly with no requirement to mentally wrestle with a big menu.  It's serve yourself, so no tipping a waitress.  Guy from the kitchen brings out your food but otherwise you get your own drink - fast food style.It is what it is.  Basic but decent and surprising to find that business model in a strip plaza in la-de-da Cave Creek.
1	I wish I could throw a "zero" onto this update.   Not surprised I didn't like the chicken on my pizza here?   I also didn't like the stuff that was under the chicken.  Never in my life as a doughy white Italian have I thrown a pizza away.  My pups wouldn't even eat it.  I wasn't asking much, and Number 1 Brothers Pizza delivered.  Usually I wouldn't update on a restaurant of this caliber, but I can't help myself when the mediocre stand up for their own.   I'm not sure how you can defend the goodness of said pizzeria by summarizing: "[of course what you picked was bad! you should have known better and ordered something mediocre that we "regular" folk like!]" Seriously? Ultimately I have to give N1BP  credit for staying open during the economic apocalypse.   If mediocrity were a business model, it's surely the compass that N1BP steers it's ship with and that seems to be working for them.  Maybe they can hang out with the doods over at Five Guys Burgers trade average tales about average customers who spend average amounts of money on food that leaves them feeling average.  Nice weather we're having.
5	Wow - I'm so surprised at the negative comments!  And to Bob J above - the family are from NY and are Albanian.  lolAs a local, this is my go-to pizza place.  I often stop in for the two slice special (two slices with a VERY large drink for $5), OR, my other favorite is the large cheese pizza with 20 buffalo wings for $20.  Can't beat that.I have been coming here since it opened, and the owner and his family know my entire family, and we are treated like their family every time we go in.  If I am alone, the owner will ask how my family is.  His sons will chat with me about sports and ask how I am.  I LIKE the approach of the staff knowing me and asking how I am, etc.  It's excellent customer service, and I have always been treated like a queen when I go.AND, I see other customers treated the same way - I can't lie and say I'm special.  lol  Though they make me feel as such!Back to the food - the pizza is NY style all the way.  Thin crust (though they do make sicilian and calzones, too), lots of cheese, and good toppings.  I do ask them to cook mine a little longer, as I like a very crisp crust.  The wings come in a few varieties and you can't really screw up a wing.The subs are so-so (I just don't like the bread they use), but the hot entrees are good - like chicken parm, eggplant, meatballs, and huge portions, too.A great neighborhood place, with the best pizza in the area.
5	Tonight we enjoyed a piping hot, fresh delicious pizza from Number 1 Brothers.  It was very good and we will definitely be going back!   Thank you to Kass who offered us a complimentary 2l bottle of Pepsi because it was our first time there.  That was a nice gesture and we really appreciated it.
4	#1 Bros. is our local pizza joint and I'm an ex-NYer and we just love this place. The family is so nice, just like one of the last commenters...they guys will chat with us about sports or just whatever. They are so friendly and I love their food. They have great pizza, antipasto salad and I love their eggplant parmesan sub. It's a great place for a quick slice or to take the family. I love that it is family owned and operated and it shows!
4	How you doin'?  Doin' good, doin' good.  THis is da place for slices, yeah, 2 slices & soda for south of $5.  Nice deal.  You can do a beer if you prefer.  Plenty of parking.  Old school style place for slices, wings, fried mushrooms & zuch.  Cheers.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! I remember calling them the first time and asking them if they had Manicotti, and they said, "are you kidding me?".... YUMMY pizza, Friendly....your neighborhood Pizza joint!!!!
3	Pretty good pizzas, salads too but definitely pricey. We've gone a few times with another couple or my parent or fiances parents and a pair of pizzas and either salad or wings is rapidly approaching $50. Nice break flavor-wise from the national chains, but personally it's not good enough to justify the price as our regular pizza joint.
3	Good pizza.  Totally decent.  Not amazing, but solidly good.  They don't deliver, but it's good enough to get in the car for.
4	It's our local pizza joint.  Pizza is good...nice people. Antipasta salad excellent....nice people.  Nothing earth shattering, just down to earth pizza joint....did I say nice people?
4	Great Place! Despite other comments the sauce is homemade.  Is it the original Ray's in NYC, NO but what place in AZ is. Despite that pizza and sandwiches are very good.
4	Solid for pizza and wings.  CHEAP pitchers of beer(including Amber bock) Dependable for getting takeout orders right.  Eat in clean but pizza parlor-ish.  TV's always on for sports. Staff is friendly, beer is cold, pizza yummy.
5	Delicious. I'm from New Jersey and this pizza makes me very happy.
4	We just moved to the area so we wanted to try out the local pizza places. We tried Barro's first, then tried #1 Brothers. We really enjoyed it! It was good NY style floppy pizza, just the way we like it. We will definitely return. I'm docking a star because their prices online do not match the prices they actually charge. It says on their website that an extra large pizza with 1 topping should be $15, and it was $18 or $19. They should really update their site because it's misleading.
3	Update: This place generously sells their amazing pizza dough! So you can get a dough ball and use your own sauce & cheese to make amazing pizza! The dough is light years ahead of the stuff I normally get from Trader Joe's, and definitely makes a better pizza. Number 1 Brothers Pizza has been redeemed in my book.---------------------I really wanted to like this place cause I love pizza and it's really close to where I live. But overall the pizza just wasn't that good. It tastes like the stuff they churned out of a high school kitchen for summer camp for kids. The tomato sauce tastes like the straight-out-of-a-can tomato paste, with absolutely no flavoring or herbs. The cheese tastes not very cheesy (I don't know how that's possible). I will hand it to them on the crust, which is amazing. We got the NY-style pizza and while the crust was thin, there still was a lot of air in it which gave it an amazing texture. The crust part was an amazing crispy but still doughy texture which I really liked.Overall, Barro's is still my go to pizza place.
5	Love love love. I just moved back to cave creek. I ordered the deep dish/Sicilian pizza with pepperoni , pineapple and double garlic pizza. Amazing. Staff is very nice too. Get it! It's damn good.
5	The pizza was Delicious, and the staff was great.  The owner made a special heart pizza for my son on valentines day.  They cater to there customers!!!
3	The pizza is okay. The salads are not that great. Too many onions on mine and the dressing is not anything to die for. I personally think the pizza is way too greasy for me and the slices are too huge. The cheese they use for the cheese pizza is not your normal tasting cheese, the pepperoni pizza is definitely better than the cheese pizza.
4	Visited 5/27/13I have been to this place prior, but it was long before I was a member on Yelp. This review is done in conjunction with another review for Vino 100 which is in the same center.  Attending a music event at Vino 100, which has a limited food menu.  But they allow you to bring food in.  Brought in a large pizza. Had the usual toppings.  Pizza is one of the better NY style pizza in town. It is too bad it is so far from my usual hang outs. Cave Creek is lucky to have this place as there are so few options available in this area. If you are traveling, stop by and try a pizza.
4	I'm not a pizza person.  DH is, however, and since we just moved to the area and DH lost his "pizza buddies", I've been elected.  But as you can imagine, I approach a pizza parlor with a lack of enthusiasm.  In fact, I worked a deal with DH: for every pizza meal I have with him, he has to go for sushi or Mexican with me!So we've tried several pizza joints around the Northern Scottsdale area with varying levels of success.  DH---grew up in Cleveland and spent over a decade in NJ---considers himself a pizza connoisseur.  I just want something I like.  (There was one place back in Ohio that made a Bruschetta pizza that left me speechless with delight, but that was another life...)  Anyhow, we read the reviews of #1 Brother's Pizza and decided to check it out late one Sunday night.There were a handful of folks in the brightly lit, VERY CLEAN restaurant when we arrived.  As I said, it was later.  The young lady who waited on us was just Nice with a capital "N".  Big plus!  (DH stopped in at one Carefree pizza place on Super Bowl night for a carry-out and the guy wouldn't make him a pizza because he was watching the game---really!)  After some discussion, we decide to order one of the large house salads and a vegetarian pizza.  One of my dislikes of pizza is I don't love tomato sauce, so we asked if they could manage to do regular sauce on half the pizza and light on the other half, and the young lady said it would happen.  We sat down and within minutes, our salad arrived.  Nothing imaginative, but all the veggies were incredibly fresh and crisp and cool without being cold.  DH had ordered blue cheese dressing to make me happy (my fave), but the server brought us also a bottle of their housemade Italian to try.  So glad she did.  It was very good---a bit sweet for me, but DH loved it.  The salad even had pepperoncini in it---that perk of acid and bite is always nice.Our pizza showed up shortly, and frankly, I liked it.  First of all, the Nice Girl placed it carefully before us and pointed out which side was light and which was regular sauce (plus!).  The veggies were all nice and fresh, cooked but still with some "tooth" to them.  The mozzarella cheese was obviously whole milk and all hot, oozzey, chewy goodness.  To me, the crust is just a way to get the toppings to my mouth, but I liked that it was thin and crispy but not like a cracker.  DH, in between inhaling bites, declared: I feel like I am in Times Square.  (That's good.)  Oh---and there were condiments on the table----garlic and Italian seasoning and garlic powder---another big plus!  (I guess they do that in NJ too.)So, the pizza gets gobbled, we are very pleased, and then to make our experience even nicer, this older gentleman with a European accent (Italian, Greek?) comes out and sincerely inquires if we are happy with our pizza, did he get the sauce ratio right, and if no, he'll do better next time---this guy CARED!  In fact, that was the overall impression we got---Nice Girl also kept checking in with us,---it mattered to her that we were enjoying our meal.When we got in the car, DH wanted to know when our next pizza night was and you know what?  I told him if was #1 Brother's Pizza, I'd come back as soon as a week.  And from a pizza non-lover, that's the biggest compliment I can offer.  Another successful pizza experience, and Brother's may end up converting me!  DH thanks you!
4	Re-visited Brother's Pizza Sunday night.  Got there very near closing.  They were as warm and friendly as before.  DH got a pepperoni pizza and I tried the Eggplant dinner.  Same fresh, crisp, unimaginative salad with house Italian dressing.  Eggplant was good----generous slices of eggplat properly fried, but a bit soggy after having been baked in sauce.  If I knew them better, I would tell them that they should reheat eggplant and sauce separately---eggplant on grill or salamander---then put together for serving.  That's how you keep the crispy fried goodness.  Maybe I can tell them in a year or so, lol!  The mozarella they use is soooo good!  But all in all, it was another really tasty meal---I actually ate a slice of DH's pizza!  And bless their hearts---I bet we walked in just as they were closing, because the minute we walked out, the lights went off----they didn't even clear our table!  Yet they never once made us feel like an inconvenience.  Sorry guys!  We'll try to come earlier next time!  :)
4	Best pizza in cave creek!
4	Friendly folks and great food.  Enjoyed very much!
2	Maybe I came the wrong day, but the pizza I had was really dry, no zest at all. The price was good but I expected more since my friend raves about this place and there were lots of good reviews I will come back soon and give it a second chance.  Hope they will see this. Oh, the guys working there were cool.
1	This place is terrible. I gave it two chances and it was bad on the first try and absolutely disgusting on the second try. I don't know what this place is "Number 1" of, but it sure isn't pizza. I could tell the ingredients were cheap, the cheese just looked gross and the crust was like a cracker. The veggies on top weren't even cooked. So, there were raw, cold vegetables on top of my pizza. It was not even edible. So we returned the pizza and haven't been back since. Even though it's right down the street from me, Barro's is only a little further and is a million times better. If you are looking for pizza in Cave Creek, do not look here unless you have incredibly low standards on what constitutes edible.
5	Love the pizza hereAlso wings are really good
1	#1?  More like one star...and then only if you consider serving yourself greasy cardboard.   Very disappointed. Poor service, poor food.
5	Excellent pizza. The GF is the best I have had. Old NYC style. Not fancy but so good.
3	Good pizza and friendly staff however, I'm not their boss but they always call me that.
5	Our family's favorite NY style pizza in Cave Creek.  We get a pizza and friend zucchini at least once a week and my kids are in there several times a week for Italian ice.  Everyone who works there are the friendliest people and always chat with us.  When they close for a few weeks each summer for vacation we have withdrawls!!
5	My number one go to pizza joint! Absolutely love their pizza! Nothing is too much, too little, or too greasy! I usually order to pick up and get their special with wings. The wings are very tender and taste very fresh. I would recommend this over papa johns or dominos any day! The staff is super friendly and all family. If you haven't already tried this restaurant of highly recommend it!
4	Great pizza, super nice family owned place. Will keep going back!
5	The pizza is the best in Cave Creek. The wings are tasty. I always ask for crispy on the wings and pizza. The staff is friendly and helpful. They always greet my family with a smile.
