4	Location: Underground below Montreal Trust. Service/decor: This is a simple counter with a colorful, bright display of gelato. Nothing fancy but you can't miss it when you walk by - the gelato just beckons to you welcomingly via your peripheral vision. It's sneaky like that. In terms of service, it can be hit or miss and I attribute this to the unclear line formation situation. Because of its placement, it's hard to know where to line up so people just stand in from of the counter and the poor staff folk have to try and remember who was there first. It can take a while to place your order especially if you've got some indecisive people ahead of you. In my case, the fellow who was working greeted me, then asked the guys ahead of me if he could serve me since they were taking their sweet time in choosing a flavor. It was a quick and painless experience. Gelato stuff: Tons of flavors ranging from chocolate to mango. I'd say they've got about 30ish to choose from. I really enjoy it - I don't find their gelato overly sweet, but the flavors are always spot on. Chocolate-Peanut Butter: hello my love.Cost: A bit pricey at $5 for a small tub, but honestly, it's in line with every other place in town so no complaints here.
5	Absolutely fantastic product; the grapefruit is amazing. Exceptional good service every time I've been there too.
4	Come for the mille feuilles gelato! I could not resist. After a day of shopping for juicers (oh yea, I'm trying to be more healthy) with no success, I walked past the Paysanne Gelato stand between the Eaton Center and the TD mall (are they still called that?) and spied the mille feuille decorating the top of a bed of gelato. Could it be?One of my favourite desserts is Mille Feuilles so I definitely had to try a scoop. I had a baby version, a little $3, delicious, decadent and not too sweet.
5	Excellent gelato with plenty of flavors to choose from (roughly 25 to 30). Service was quick and friendly, but due to the location it was difficult to know which side to line up on. At $5 for a small (which allows you to mix 2 flavors), it was a bit pricey but that seems to be the standard around here.
4	Really cool place for sorbet or gelato. We walked in front of this place and were assaulted with an array of colours. This just makes you wanna try some.A really cool thing they do is have their basics but also change their products frequently so there is always something new to try. My girlfriend and I tried the sorbet because we were looking for something refreshing. All of them really hit the spot. The grapefruit is amazing. My buddy opted for the gelato and wasn't disappointed.Many people say that it's expensive, but considering how many they put in the cup I think it's justified. Also gotta factor in all the spoonfuls they give you so you can try every flavour!In the end, I would definitely recommend this place. A tasty treat after any shopping trip you have in the mall.
5	Best gelato I've tried in Montreal... If you're unsure what flavour to get, I'd recommend Ferrero rocher and coconut. Or just ask for samples of as many flavours as you'd like! Portion sizes are decent. Slightly on the expensive size. Downside: It is located inside a mall with minimal seating... Not the best atmosphere. Minus 1 star for that. Otherwise would've been a 5/5.
5	The best pistachio ice cream in montreal...I always go there just for that...they have many kind of flavour!
3	decent/good gelato, not great. for the downtown area that is craving for gelato, i guess this does it but for me who lives near some really great gelato shops, its a bit underwhelming.the pistachio is decent but left me wanting more. as for the dulce de leche, it was better.they have way too many flavors though. its already hard churning out 15 great gelato/ice cream, but over 30 at any given time? something has to give. quality over quantity!anyway, they do have interesting flavors. each cup does come with a little waffle bite that doesn't do much for me. a bit expensive too.i rarely spend time downtown so, its not some place i would go out of my way for.
3	just ordinary ice cream. nothing special
