4	When I'm in the area this is one of my favorite spots.  I've been here a few times and always enjoy the decor, drinks and location.
4	Gen M's first line?  The perfect description of Gainzbar.I discovered Gainzbar on the occasion of a friend of a friend's record launch.  The Gainzbar has a private room upstairs, that was perfectly suited for the occasion.  It was filled with comfy sofas for us to lounge on while chatting and listening.  The private room has it's own bar, so there were no issues keeping the drinks flowing.  The space is cosy and had a homey feel, but a sort of glam homey feel. I felt like they had taken my (Italian) grandma's sofas, your traditional massive wood with green floral print velour, and glammed them up with a solid rich red velour.  The drinks were appropriately priced, and they appear to have happy hour specials, because they ended up costing me a lot less than what I had expected reading their drink list.The location itself is pretty interesting, tucked away on the St. Hubert Street shopping strip, a mere block or two away from the Beaubien metro.  Not the first place I would think to go out for a pint in the area, so I will keep it in mind the next time I'm doing some shopping on St Hubert and need to fortify myself with a pint.
5	With an ambiance that's kitschy, quirky, and slightly baroque, this is perhaps the only bar in Montreal worthy of the adjective "swank." Relaxed crowd of mostly 30- and 40-somethings intent on some grown-up fun. Expect any of the occasional live music acts to know not only how to play well enough, but how to find numbers lower than 10 on the volume dial. Gainzbar is also one of the few bars I know that has found an acceptable use for TVs in a bar, which is to contribute constructively to the ambiance by silently playing trashy B-movies from the mid-20th century. The overall atmosphere is inviting and relaxed.Bartenders are emphatically not mixologists. Don't order an Old Fashioned or a Sidecar. Do order beers, shots, and simple drinks like G&Ts. Cheers!
4	Not your typical watering hole. You can sit at a table or if you are lucky enough, you can get one of the corners and chill out having drinks with friends on one of their sofas. There are live bands that play on Thursday and Sundays. On Thursdays you get the added bonus of being able to order fresh oysters from their oyster bar. Definitely better than getting peanuts and chips with your drink.If you want to snack while having drinks, there are choices for everyone, from a vegetable plate, to a cheese platter, to a charcuterie plate. You can wash all this down with a nice selection of bottled and draft beers or one of the many kinds of wines they offer either by the glass or the bottle.All this, in the middle of rue St-Hubert. A street that is better known for the multitude of wedding shops, than anything else. Gainzbar, is the nice surprise to rest your weary feet while having a drink and maybe a lite snack.
