5	This review is for the store on Sharon Rd. West.  Haven't been down there in a while so not sure if it is still on SRW.  This place was right next door to our apt complex so I began delivering for them pt.  Easy to bring home a hundred bucks for a four/five hour shift.  Once delivered to George Shinn's home. (one time owner of the Hornets)  I heard that we were the fourth busiest store in the company at the time.  I believe it.  I have left there with eight deliveries in my car at one time.  Better ingredients,  better pizza,  awesome drivers.
4	I wish Papa John's had the $10 any large pizza deal all of the time! They were running this special up until the SuperBowl.After an entire day on a flight, this was a perfect stop to pick up comfort food on the way home. I made a call and within 10-15 minutes, my pizza was ready for me. I've had it delivered before and the service is good, but since this was on the way, I tried the drive-thru for the first time. Pizza was fresh, hot, and had a good amount of toppings. For a quick and affordable pizza, this hit the spot!
5	After I THOUGHT I had ordered a stack of pizzas for a meeting to be delivered at 11:45 am, I called at noon to inquire as to the whereabouts of our lunch to be told I had placed the order for 11:45 PM - ACK!  Panic! SH**!!!!  Whomever the gentleman was who answered the phone put the pizza makers to work immediately and 9 pizzas and an order of wings were delivered within 30 minutes, smoking hot and correct.  5 stars for the excellent customer service that saved me from being drug out back and beaten like a pinata by the hungry mob of nerds... er um... architects.  Our office orders from this Papa John's quite frequently for meetings and late nights that require the delivery of dinner.  They always get the orders correct, the pizza is always delivered hot and they always bring a stack of plates and napkins - which is nice so we don't have to eat off of legal folders and wipe our hands on our pants.THANK YOU, PAPA JOHN'S!
4	After a full day of fighting crowds and traffic, who really wants to cook? Not me. We ordered a pizza online. Papa John's had it delivered in 32 minutes, still hot and still fresh. Good flavor, good coverage of toppings. I'd order from this location again.Tip: Check the specials before you pick your pizza. It's possible that you can get a deal for the same price or less.
1	Okay, I love Papa John's pizzas, but this location can't seem to get it right. I live about 1/2 mile from the business. I've ordered from them, via phone and online, several times over the past 6 years or so, but they always seem to forget something or to be late.  A month or so ago, the order took over an hour for no apparent reason, then showed up with a charge twice what was listed online. Last week, they decided to omit the extra sauces I asked for, but add (and charge for) anchovies, which I really don't care for. A couple of hours ago, I placed an order for three pizzas (two on special and one free!), waited an hour and a half, and, after calling, was told by the manager that the driver had tried calling a number I had had 12 years and dozens of orders ago, got no answer, and had left. He refunded one pizza off - *the free one*. When she showed up again, 45 minutes later and with the same pizzas minus one (apparently refunding a pizza equals deleting it from the order but still deducting the "Papa Rewards" thingy), they were barely warm. So I ended up paying full price for three hot pizzas and getting two lukewarm ones - waaay late . $21.75 apiece. My friends: hungry. Me: upset and probably not going to order from the convenient pizza place again.
