1	Can I give less then 1 star?!?!?  I think you should be able to give them 0 stars because even 1 start is too much for them.  They are that horrible!  They over charge and never quote the correct price and the drivers have no sense of customer service.  If you need your car towed for whatever reason. . .this is the last towing company that I would call.  Their slogan. . .we take pride in our service"  WHAT A JOKE!!!!  They take no pride in anything.  All they care about is the money.  So if they quote you a cheap price over the phone, don't believe it.  They will most likely double it when you actually have to pay.
5	The one star review clearly didn't deal with the driver I lucked into. Allen was absolutely amazing. Professional, courteous, thoughtful. Offered me cold water and wanted me to wait in the airconditioning of his truck. My truck was parked in such a way that it had to be pushed. I was afraid he'd hurt himself he was working so hard. Never uttered one word of complaint. The dispatch person was just as courteous. He put a rush on things to get me to the service place before they closed so I wouldn't be stranded far from home. I don't have a lot of tow experiences to judge by- but I can't imagine better service anywhere. The two men I dealt with exceeded the slogan.
1	This company is the worst, a bunch of shady crooks!! My neighbors car was towed off of private property without the consent of the property manager... the driver had forged the signature on the paperwork. After an hour spent on the phone it was clear that they were stalling for time, undoubtedly hoping to keep the vehicle through the weekend. We arrived at the the impound yard only to find the office locked, and nobody to meet us. They ended up costing him over $300, and half the day wasted!
3	This company will rip you off they suck charge to much and I would never tell anyone to use them. Go to there yard try and get you car its just like the movies some dirty people will ask you what you want then treat you like you should bow down to them. If you don't pay them what they want say bye bye to your ride with there high yard. Ok after this my car broke down I gave them a second chance and they remembered me and my complaint they too 50 bucks off my bill better than nothing. Thanks
1	Selfish. Inconsiderate. Crooks.Drives around in their tow trucks with giant polish metal (size of the back of the cab section of their truck) with their logo on the back, so it is a huge reflective surface that blinds other drivers behind them.  Looking to cause an accident so you can be there quickly to tow the car?  [I had something here that starts with an "A" and ends in a hole] business owners!  These jerks probably are not even smart enough to be aware that they are causing dangerous driving conditions for other motorists (that are rely on for business no less) on the road.If you need a towing service, look elsewhere.  Avoid these inconsiderate morons.
5	Great service the driver was friendly and efficient! No ridiculous fees or miles either. Very happy.
4	My experience started with me accidentally flushing my rental car's keys down the toilet.  Called my roadside service to have the car towed and got Action Towing.  Mike was the driver and was courteous and friendly.  He even helped me get my suitcase out of the locked trunk (via the backseat access) and drive me around to the front side of the Rental Car Center so I could get another car. This was more than the Hertz people would do! All in all, he was nice to deal with and I appreciated his sense of humor.
3	You would think these dirt bags would want to make things right after a bad review but they don't care what you think of them just like they don't. Care about you. It won't be long before a rip off company will be out of business can't wait the owner will be just fine because he steal money from hard working people including hi own mother I'm sure
5	I used my all state insurance to tow my friends car to the tire shop since his tire popped. Keith was the one who came out and towed our car and he was very kind and sweet. He even recommended a cheap tire place near us that way we wouldn't have to travel far. He took great care of us and he was honest!
