5	This is a really nice salon! Their equipment is top notch. Even their lowest level beds have the high pressure face lamps. I have used the level 2 beds only a few times and already got a great base tan. Plus the bed has a jack for my iPhone so I can listen to my own music if I want. I did try out the upper level Prestige bed the other day. Wow. That bed is AMAZING. It instantly gave me that dark bronze color. The owner is really nice and they do those little extra things like greeting you by name when you walk in the door and offering you a free bottled water when you leave. I'm so glad i decided to check this place out!
5	This was my first time going here and I enjoyed it! The ladies greeted me when I first came in and were really friendly! They showed me all of their tanning beds and did not try to sell me the most expensive membership package which is great! Ill definitely come back here again!!
5	Today was my first time in to Platinum Sol Tanning Loft, and I am very impressed with the owner and other staff members who assisted me today. The atmosphere is perfect. I walked it and it smelled clean, and was decorated very modern and cool! I was given detailed tour and explanations of their beds and spray tan machine. I only wanted one spray tan, but after learning about the service they offer I signed up for a membership. They are extremely knowledgeable about their products and beds. I did get spray tan, and I love it! I don't feel like the membership was forced on me, it just made sense for what I am trying to accomplish in the next three months. I want to be a beautiful bronzed bride for my upcoming January wedding, and with this membership I know it will happen. My first experience here was phenomenal, and I really appreciate the genuine customer service experience I received.  Other tanning salons do not offer quality customer service like this salon does. I am super excited to start tanning on a regular basis, and I am looking forward to the next time I go back! Keep up the good work, thank you!
1	I rated this place one star because I'm so unsatisfied with my 50 dollar air brush tan. I get airbrushed tanned all over the place ; California, Vegas , Miami and now AZ and this is the first time I've been disappointed ... 1. She air brushed me very unevenly 2. She did one half ass coat 3. The air brush came off literally the next day4. Way over priced for what she recommended 5. My appointment was at 5 and I was seen at 5:20 6. The receptionist guy was very rude One thing I can say positive about this place was it was clean other than that it sucked!
5	What a wonderful place to get some color, I had Klaire "one of the owners" do a personal spray tan on me and I was amazed with the results! Highly skeptical as I have fair skin and most sprays have turned me orange, not the case here. I looked great and felt even better. They have the best equipment and great employees. The gentleman at the counter was highly knowlegable and quite handsome as well;)
5	Great salon, great beds, great owners! Even the level one bed gives you the tan you're looking for after only a handful of sessions. Of course I would recommend the prestige any day (who doesn't want air conditioned tanning in AZ) I live in Scottsdale but I am a loyal member here. Why?You won't find a better looking salon or better customer service, Matt and Klaire really go out of their way to make you happy as their customer.
