5	Oh honey do I love this honey. I first stumbled upon Cloister Honey at the Atherton Mill Farmer's Market, where the nice man behind the counter let me sample all 10 of their delightful honeys. Raw honey in a myriad of different flavors, pepper infused honey, whipped honey in chocolate, lemon, cinnamon oh my! My personal favorites are the Sourwood raw honey and the cinnamon whipped honey. I could pretty much slather this stuff on anything and wolf it down. Price wise, expect to pay just a bit more than your typical grocery store honey, but it is well, well worth it. The folks take care of their bees in a non-mass production way and it shows. The staff are all sweet, knowledgeable and passionate about their product. Plus, it's all based in NC - including the bees! I positively buzzing with excitement about Cloister Honey...ok bad joke...but I really, really do love the entire line of products and their focus.
5	Schnikes this stuff is spectacular! I discovered them last wk when they had a booth set up for the Xmas Market Uptown @ The Independence Center. I wandered down there to find a gift for a secret santa exchange and when I started talking with them, they were extremely friendly, gave me the 411 on their products and even let me sample a little something something. If you give me free food or samples, you will have my heart forever. First, I tried their whipped honey which they have in different flavors like chocolate, cinnamon and pumpkin and is au naturale and I think 16 calories per serving....kinda sure they said that, if not, I want to believe it. Super tasty stuff. I bought a jar for myself and my secret santa plus their Infused Honey. They had the infused honey in vanilla and chili pepper. I only tried the chili pepper b/c anything vanilla takes me back to when I was 16 yrs old, working at Walgreens and had to stock Vanilla Fields (when I think about it now, I gag a little) but back to the point---Chili Pepper Infused Honey. Absolutely amazing. It was really sweet at first but then the heat started to make an entrance and they said it would be good on both chicken or shrimp. Soooo....who wants to let me use their grill?? Bee sure to check them out (I had to piggyback off of Nicole's buzzing joke!)
5	I never really thought much about honey...but this honey has made me a fan.  They do special events, but are regularly at Atherton Mills and other farmers markets...such as Waxhaw.  I keep the whipped cinnamon honey on my counter at all times.  That's how often I use it.  The chili pepper honey is great as a pork tenderloin marinade as well as for chicken and shrimp!  I even use the plain honey with some beaten egg white as a facial mask...it's wonderful!Now that the buzz (pun totally intended) is that eating local honey helps with allergies, why not incorporate it into my every day diet??  Haven't tried the lemon or chocolate whipped yet, but they sound delicious!
5	Mmmmmm! And it's real and local!I just read a report that tests show most store honey has the pollen taken out, which means that it's not really honey. They tested various stores' (many are found in Charlotte) honey supply filter out the pollen (which is not good). Having said all that, Cloister Honey is the real deal! Cloister is a local company that not only sells honey, but has a bee farm. If you are so inclined to start your own bee hive, you can purchase a starter kit from them. Yes, there was another recent article about the decline of honeybees and I was seriously considering getting some until I learned that I'd probably be stung...a lot. Hey, those suits aren't 100% safe. All reading aside...their honey is delicious! They also give you tips on how to use honey besides on bread...it's so fantastic on popcorn! Like others have mentioned, they have raw, infused, whipped, and flavored varieties. If you can't make it to where they are, you can also order online. While you may not easily part with $9 for a squeezable bottle of honey, you should think of the possibilities. Your money will support sustainable practices, a local business, your community, and your health!
5	Ever since I got this honey from Atherton Market a few days ago, I've had one spoonful of the whipped cinnamon honey at the end of my day, before I go to bed.  It's the BEST.  Not only do the whipped honey products have a really nice texture and distinct flavor, the process of buying it at Atherton is so educational and rewarding!  The owners explained to me the different varieties, and the health benefits.  The duo at the stand also insisted I try the infused honey with chili, which was surprisingly nice, and gave off an overall warm heat.  Tiffany N. is right, the whipped stuff only has 16 calories per spoon, so I've been using it in my morning coffee and on toast this week. (Pumpkin spice honey with some butter on bread...I might make some now.) There are a ton of varieties-- but my favorite part is the passion these people bring to their product. My new favorite condiment!
5	I was fortunate enough to attend the world's largest flea market in VA this Labor Day weekend.  The boyfriend and I came across this booth and he asked if we wanted to try some.  He first offered us the cinnamon...then the lemon...we decided the cinnamon was amazing and had to bring some back to Chicago.  We were very disappointed that by the end of the week it was entirely gone!  It was so addicting!!  So much so, we ordered another 4 jars straight away and after letting a bunch of people at work try it, I will not doubt that a few more will be making orders along with my self in the very near future. Thinking this is going to be gifts for a few people this holiday season!Cinnamon honey - nature's crack!
5	The honey is so addicting I first tried the cinnamon, my mom works there so she brings home all of the new flavors so we can try them. I fell in love with the Cinnamon, Chocolate, Wildflower, and Sour wood. The honey sticks are the best for coffee, tea, and toast. It is also good if you want to have a little treat now and then. I also love going to work with my mom when I have days of so that I can watch how they make it (that's how you know it's good). Even my friends , who unfortunately aren't very big fans of honey, liked it .
5	Found at Atherton Market!  This IS the Honey I've been looking for and LOOKING for! Tasted several of the infused ones "Vanilla Bean" was very Nice and bought the Wildflower!  This is supposed to be one of the most "Local" if you live in the South Park Area!  I'm eating to fight the Pollen when I'm here!
5	I have sampled a few of their varities before and they are amazing. I love that they are from Charlotte, the wildflower is a great all purpose honey and is what my husband uses to put in his coffee. I have only ever been to the location in Atherton Market which is small but still has everything you need!
5	Love Cloister Honey and the fact that it is locally produced makes it even better.  The wildflower honey is delicious!  Also, I love the whipped versions with cinnamon or lemon. They are fabulous spread on warm bread!  Tasty and good for you; what more could you want?
5	By far, the best local honey!  Chipotle infused, cinnamon and bourbon are my favorites.  Honey samplers for only $3 each make great gifts for friends & coworkers.
