4	Let's face it. Pizza is always pretty good no matter where you get it from. However, every time I get a SLICE at SLICE on Broadway, it tastes better and better and better!! And the price can't be beat for the quantity and quality. The restaurant is bright, nicely decorated, and clean and has a few tables/seats so that you can enjoy your food there, or take it to go. They also have delivery service on the weekends if you prefer to have your food brought to you. I'm a big fan of their hand crumbled spicy sausage for the toppings, and the specialty margherita pizza!!I am really happy to have a great business run by good people in my neighborhood like this and look forward to enjoying a Slice on Broadway for many years to come!
5	A friend and I showed up around 7 on a Thursday evening and within 10 minutes we received a piping hot pie. We sat at a table on the sidewalk in front of the shop and watched the T roll by. Occasionally the owner/pizza maker/ waiter/ cashier/ dish washer popped out from behind the counter to chat and see if we needed anything. The crust is what makes this pizza fantastic. It's super thin, crispy and coated in a light dusting of cornmeal. For how thin the crust is it is surprisingly sturdy which in my opinion is a MUST. No one wants to try and dangle a scalding hot slice into their mouth as all of the toppings slide down you chin. The sauce is slightly sweet but tasted mostly like fresh summer tomatoes. Top that off  with fresh mozzarella and fresh picked basil and you have a pizza that can't be beat. A large pizza and two Cokes was $15. If you're in the South Hills stop by SLICE, the owner and the pizza is great. You wont be disappointed.
3	Slice.  With all the hype from the owner or his friends, decided to try it after reading the website...also easy to get to because it is close to home.Called and ordered take out.  Fresh ingredients and good sauce.  Enjoyed the sauce and toppings.Crust is thinner crust and crunchy.People behind the counter were very friendly and helpful.Have a few tables on the sidewalk so you can watch the cars and T go by.You can order pizza by the slice.Very enjoyable pizza and was surprised at the price of our pizza...it was a little lower than other places.
5	Darren ordered some of their pizza for us on moving day and it was excellent!!!! Keep in mind I don't usually order pizza, but this was good.
5	Slice is the best thing that's happened to Beechview, and to Pizza! We were greeted by a super-friendly staff, and were able to order a sub a la carte fro my son who has celiac disease. The ingredients were fresh, the food delicious, and the experience fabulous!
5	Honestly, this is the best pizza in the city - and trust me, I have been looking for years.  I went to Venice a few years back and was astounded at how good the pizza was.  I lived in NYC and no matter how cheap the slice was, it was remarkable.  However, here... eh, not so much.  Some pizza is awesome, don't get me wrong, but nothing has struck me as completely awesome until I tried Slice. JH, J and I decided to get a few pizzas and a hoagie to split.  We ordered the pesto chicken that has succulent, yet crispy grilled chicken, spinach, sundried tomatoes and mozzarella.  The pesto is beautiful - complex basil, olive oil and cheese flavors with just the right hint of nuttiness.  We also ordered the margharita.  Large basil leaves, perfect tomato sauce and mozzarella.  The pizzas were unbelievably good,; however, the hoagie is what really pushed it over the edge.  We ordered the gonzo - steak, bacon, blue cheese, spinach, red onion - omg.  The complexity of flavors was boarding on overwhelming, but ended up being just complicated enough to be absolutely delicious.  Put all that unbelievable flavor on Breadworks bread and you have an out of this world hoagie.Really, really the best pizza in the city.  If you are in the South Hills, step in.
4	The definite reigning champ of South Pittsburgh/South Hills pizza joints / taste quality ... And they take debit cards (hear that, Fiori's ?!!) and deliver to lots of the South Hills/South PGH area .Excellently executed custom/theme pies "Slaughterhouse Five" and "Chicken Pesto" are my 2 favorites that come in HUGE New York sized 'Ginormous' pies .I take great delight in turning Fiori's/Mineo's fans onto Slice because 9 / 10 times they see that it's better, overall .Fiori's rests on it's past laurels and doesn't take debit cards which is convenient for the owner but not at all for customers .Thanks to the owners for opening this place up, you've done a very good / nice thing for pizza-philes in PGH .
2	Okay, what did I do wrong people?  I am going against the grain... I didn't like the pizza... Is there a secret to ordering here?I had to go El Boro with a regular pepperoni and mushroom pizza to please the masses.  Should I have ordered something else?  I admit, I do like Chicago style, deep dish the best, but I've had my share of thin crust that I've dug.  Now, everyone's really going to hate me... the pizza crust was like cardboard, the cheese was rubbery and there was hardly any sauce on it.  There, I said it.  Sorry!So is there something else I should be getting here or did I just come on an off day?  I'm open to suggestions... this place is in my hood and rocks so many of your worlds, what's the secret!?
5	Other pizza in Pittsburgh doesn't even exist. This is it. Slice has the best selection of pork products to put on your pizza as well. The staff is also incredibly friendly. Now I never have to set foot in New Jersey ever again because there is finally great pizza in the city. Apologies to New Jersey you also have many cured pork products I enjoy.
3	Pretty tasty pizza.Liked the tomato sauce, better than some of the more popular places nearby. Darren is correct TKO for sure!Crust is thinner and crispy.  Tasty pepperoni.
5	Great customer service and even better pizza. We had 2 specialty pies, the slaughterhouse and the buffalo chicken... AmazingEveryone needs to support a local business like this, we will be back again.
5	Yum, yum and more yum!  Amazing pizza and they deliver :)  Nice thick & crispy crust, plentiful toppings & just the right amount of pizza sauce & cheese.  Kudos to Slice!!  We will most certainly be back.
5	Never mind the fact that we live right across the street... but the pizza is amazing. The Fancy Pants is by far one of my all-time favorite ever. Spicy thinly sliced prosciutto, goat cheese, and spinich... Mmmmmm! Funny enough, my second favorite is plain cheese! The guys that work there really are the finishing touch on a tasty pizza place. Always nice, friendly, making suggestions, busing tables (even though they really dont have to!) They always remember us, and even bring out "nice" glasses when we show up with a bottle of wine. They are true Beechview supporters too, which is what makes Beechview the special "hidden gem" neighborhood that it is. The newly renovated upstairs makes it a much more spacious place: Sit downstairs for a quick "slice," Or go upstairs with your family for a nice sit down.  In the summer, they put a couple tables out on the sidewalk. Hop right on the T when you're done, or wave to it going by!
1	Absolutely horrible service and the pizza was NOT in my top 10 in South Hills let alone the top in Pittsburgh. Asked for something specific. When delivered, it was wrong. When we called, the person who took the call was rude. HORRIBLE.
5	Fantastic crispy, yet chewy crust, fantastic sauce and all fresh ingredients...Best pizza in Pittsburgh.
5	We have always liked Slice and have supported it since it opened. The hoagies are very good (especially the Luca and the gonzo). The salad is wonderful. All of the pizzas are delicious (the big Lou and the Athena).  We enjoy mixing and matching and have a few favorites. It is so nice to see good toppings, even premium toppings, at a reasonable price.Recently, however, I am wondering if their popularity has made them have growing pains. There is now expanded seating and you can get beer by the bottle. You can take out beer as well. They are always busy and there seem to be an increased number of employees helping to cook and deliver and serve. Sometimes it is just very hectic there.Last week, I tried to get a take-out order and ordered it as I walked up to the cash register. I kept waiting and waiting and people who were after me got served first with their order. Finally, I guess as I was looking a little bewildered, someone asked me if I was being helped. When I explained that I already had put in my order and it paid for it and have been waiting for it, they checked and it was not even started yet. I had to wait a long time and eventually receive the order. To compensate for their air, they did give me a little bit extra. Fine.I went back the very next day and called in order on the telephone. I doublecheck to make sure that they got the order right. When I got there, I still had to wait longer than they promised. I took the order, paid for it, asked the man at the checkout register if it was the right order. He said it was. When I got home, and opened the box, the order was wrong. It was  red pizza instead of white pizza even though the toppings were right.All of this is just to say that, Slice is a good place. I will continue to go there. Just please doublecheck your order, be patient, and don't leave without making sure the order is correct.
5	I'm shocked to see so many negative reviews!  I love Slice!  The service is always quick and friendly, food is always tasty.  I either get plain ole cheese pizza or one of their oven baked hoagies.  The hoagies are da bomb. My fav is the ultra mega chicken.  The fresh bread is baked to a crispy perfection topped off with chicken, provolone, mozzarella, banana peppers, spicy ranch!  Mmmmm...  You can dine in or get it delivered.  They also have additional seating upstairs.
5	Can't believe I just now discovered this place ... had two perfect slices that would make a New Yorker weep with nostalgia. The next time I will order a whole pie! Go here ... eat!!!
3	I'll give SLICE a nod, it definitely crosses a unique bridge between traditional South Hills style pizza and artisan pies.  After wanting to try it for a few years now, we finally made a random impulse stop on our way home on the the T.Having remembered positive praise about the "Fancy Pants" pizza, we decided to give one of those a whirl.  As others commented, super thin, crisp and chewy crust (note, don't reheat these pies in the oven or you'll be greeted with a brick), but definitely no where close to my favorite dough.The toppings seem to be where SLICE shines.  Inventive mix-ups, quality ingredients and portion control (yes...  I said it, not every pie needs to have 10 lbs of cheese and sauce on it) create an overall enjoyable bite.I don't know what it was, but our party just wasn't digging it.  Even as I look back, I can't tell if I liked the pizza or if I was just hungry.  Given SLICE delivers, well likely give that a try next time we're in a bind for food, but I definitely don't think I'd actively seek it out with so many other great pie joints in the South.
5	Greasy, yet extremely delicious. Good sauce, cheese, and crust all stood out. Slices alone are good sizes and the 12 inch can be shared by two perfectly.
2	I am sorry to say that this place has fallen in my esteem from best pizza to eh pizza.  We got the regular pie with half meatballs and half pineapple.  There were several pieces that had neither topping on it at all!  The pineapple was canned and the meatballs were tiny pieces of ground beef with minimal seasoning.  There was hardly any cheese at all.  I will say that the crust is still well done and the sauce is still good, but this place has been going downhill for a few years now and I sadly think this will be the last time we order.  Sad days in a pizza lover's heart.
4	Yesterday I had the BBLT. It was quite delicious! They also have a menu that you can get just a slice or two! They are big slices and very reasonably priced. I eat here a lot as they are just down from my business. If your looking for some good pizza shop fare in the neighborhood, I recommend Slice!
5	Definitely our favorite pizza place in Pittsburgh.  The ingredients are very fresh and their specialty pizzas are delicious.  Their salads and hoagies are great too. I highly recommend!
5	Slice you did it again!  Friendly service, fast delivery, and delicious food!  PLUS they offer cheesecake now!  We ordered the chocolate mousse cheesecake.  It was probably one of the best I've ever had.  For our entrees we got two ultra mega chicken hoagies.  They are grilled chicken, onions, banana peppers, bacon, provolone cheese, and spicy ranch all on a freshly baked hoagie roll.  Their bread comes from a local bakery, so it's always nice and fresh tasting!Huge portions too!
2	I ordered the Athena pizza and I was very disappointed.  There was so much oil on the pizza.  The crust was soggy.
5	Believe the hype: Slice is really, really good. It's the real deal.Being married to a former New Yorker who treats a good pizza shop like a temple, I can say that this shop is as close to a New York pizzeria as we get in the 'Burgh. Slices on display in a case at the register, cooler full of pop (including really yummy root beer) on the wall when you walk in, pies of a million different varieties to order for take-out or dine-in.The crust is nice and thin. The slices are huge. There's just the right amount of grease and crispiness to the pizza, and a healthy dose of cheese and toppings. It's basically what a perfect by-the-slice slice looks like. (They also have a hearty stock of pepper flakes, Parmesan cheese, and some little jar at the front labeled 'magic garlic stuff' that is really pretty magical.)Also, since the downstairs seating is itty bitty, there is a second floor seating area as well. Just place your order at the counter and they'll bring it up.The staff is super nice (which, okay, maybe disqualifies it as a *real* New York pizzeria), and they're patient with you if you take ten years trying to pick what slice you want (sorry about that, too many choices!).Yes, it's a bit out of the way for us cityfolk (the South Hills? But don't we have to cross a RIVER and use a TUNNEL to get there??), but it's absolutely worth going out for. It's right off the T line, and we had no trouble finding street parking on a Saturday night, even though the shop was packed.We may not make the trip to the South Hills very often, but I have a feeling that any journey we make out that way will include a route that passes by Slice.
