5	oh.my.god. amazing. I walked in there super nervous as i've been told by many other places that they can't treat pre-op transgendered women. Bummer. but then i found this place and no matter how many times i asked her if she was okay with it the response was always OF COURSE! YEA! the experience itself was so nice and welcoming. The place was super clean and a really nice shade of purple. The bed you lay on was a nice cushioned doctor's room bed. gloves were worn and everything was super professional. the pain? ow. but not that bad, just like a bunch of rubberbands snapping against you. i'm a flincher so everytime it came on it scared me a bit but it was over pretty quickly. the quality of the work? amazing. I was worried that the little black specks meant that it didn't work properly but i washed my face and applied some sunscreen and could immediately see that there was a less noticeable shadow. in conclusion? Ivy laser salon is awesome. Ivy laser salon is LGBT friendly Ivy laser salon is cleanIvy laser salon doesn't hurtIvy laser salon is awesome.
5	Ivy Laser Salon is highly recommended. I have had laser hair removal done at several places and no one has come close to the quality of this place. They just opened and have a modern and beautiful salon. The first thing I look for in any spa or medical facility is cleanliness and Ivy was spotless. The actual laser used is new and not painful at all, most of the time for laser you would need a numbing cream, this one is 'dare I say relaxing' and didn't hurt at all or irritate my skin. The machine has a small burst of super cold air right when the laser hits, it numbs the area and makes it very comfortable. There was no rush and the treatment was very thorough, I have a couple stubborn spots and she made sure to get those areas very well. The eyebrow threading was top notch, no pain and my brows were looking great afterwards.  The prices are inexpensive, if you have been to other places in Vegas or anywhere else for laser, come here and you will be pleasantly surprised. Usually I am hesitant sending people to new places because experiences vary, however I will send people here in full confidence.
5	Ani is amazing (friendly and informative) about the process.  Went in to do my underarm today( just to try it out first) and was very glad I did. The price is GREAT and the pain was minimal.  Would recommend this place to anyone who hasn't try laser hair removal.
5	It's been 3 months since I've shaved or waxed! I was a sceptic at first but I loathe waxing so I thought I'd give it a go...although not painless but still less painful than waxing and you only have to do it a handful of times then never again! That and Ani is super professional and let's you curse like a sailor without getting offended! (I'm a weinie to a whole other level)  love this place. Love Ani. Completely satisfied, thank you Ivy laser salon
5	Wow wow wooooow!!  I had heard that Ivy Laser was amazing, but after a few failed attempts with laser hair removal in the past, I was hesitant to believe the hype.  ...Well, color me hairless and call me a believer!  I had two areas lasered right before vacay - underarms and the other important area to laser before a Caribbean vacay.   (If you're unsure what I'm talking about, you probably aren't from a Middle-Eastern descent...like me.)  A few days after, I didn't notice a difference and was super bummed!  So, feeling defeated, I shaved, thinking it would be the first of thousands and thousands of times I'd have to do it again.  (Sigh...)  But wait!  A week later, I noticed that ALL my hair follicles were mysteriously inactive.  Not one sign of growth.  It was all just...gone!  She had mentioned that it might take a few days for the hair to fall out of the follicles, but I had totally forgotten about that.  OMG!  IT WORKS!!!It's been a MONTH...an entire month...and I haven't even had to go back in.  I know that it takes 4-6 treatments to banish hair for good, so I actually can't wait until I need to go back!  I am going to laser everything from the eye brow down, and I encourage everyone to come to Ivy Laser and do the same!
5	I shopped around for the best price in town before I actually committed to get laser hair removal. In addition to having one of the nicer, cleaner, facilities, Ivy Laser was the best price I found. The owner, Ani, tried to put me at ease during the treatment and explained everything. She was also easy when it came to scheduling appointments that fit my schedule. As an added bonus, it is also nice to support local and women owned businesses. I would say that some areas are pain free to treat, but areas such as my lower legs were very sensitive.  After a treatment, it takes a week for the hair to actually come out. But, without the hair growing, my skin is actually a lot smoother. I also love how much time I save now that I don't have to shave every day. If you are looking for an affordable, comfortable option for laser hair removal, I would go to Ani at Ivy Laser.
5	Having never done laser hair removal before, I took the plunge and went straight to getting my head done (I'm tired of always shaving and nicking myself). Although I can't say it was painless, it was my head after all, I am very happy with the results so far. I am impressed by the condition of the facilities and the knowledge of the staff and I recommend to anyone reading this that you go check the place out and see for yourself.
5	Just left this laser center and I am one happy customer! She was very meticulous on the areas I had laser. The machine  was so awesome it felt like I was at the spa, opposed to most places I've gone for laser hair removal Ive felt  like I was being tortured!
5	I've been here a few times to remove some of my facial hair.  The owner is very personable, and the price is probably the best in town.  The best thing about it is that the hair removal actually works.  I've dealt with stubborn facial hairs including the side burns, now I don't shave my sideburns which is pretty amazing.Definitely recommend this place.
5	My first experience at Ivy Laser was very comfortable. I love how comfortable the owner made me feel :) The laser machine she uses is not even close to painful as my past experience. Love it!
5	Ani, u rock!!!!! I love my new hairless self!!!My legs only took 6 sessions! Ani (the owner) is easy to talk to and makes me  feel comfortable talking about embarrassing body parts. Ivy laser is accommodating to people who have lots of sun exposer. Price is very reasonable too.
1	I used to love it here. Then, came the the "temperamental" machine on visit three, that had seen too many customers and wasn't working well during my visit at the end of the day, (but the payment system was working just fine). And then came the visit when I was charged for a "full" service but I only got a two second laser zap touch-up, and to my face I was told it was done... like I can't feel it... Then there was yesterday's visit, my last visit. First of all, it took two weeks to get in because the woman scheduling couldn't get it right. When I received my first appointment call confirmation for the wrong day, I let the receptionist know that there was a mix up, she said, "Well, we're gonna have to ch..." I interrupted, having read the paperwork, I remember they charge for missing appointments and I said, "You shouldn't charge me for this appointment, since it wasn't my mix-up." The receptionist cleared her throat, said, "Okay, well, let's try to fix this." So, good I thought. Until the next week she called to confirm the wrong day again. I expressed I was getting frustrated, first getting charged for a full treatment when not receiving it and then the two-weeks of ill scheduling. After I arrived for my appointment yesterday, my 17 year old daughter with me, and my witness, the owner not only wouldn't make eye contact with me, but then called us into the room, where she was extremely rude. "I hear you have a problem. What's going on?" Thinking maybe her tone is just nervousness, I proceed to tell her, she puts her hand up to motion for me to wait a minute and then calls the receptionist in. They stood near the door, squaring off, telling me they would never say they would charge for an appointment, she slipped up saying we screwed up our scheduling and then proceeded to tell me she can re-do the treatment that I was charged for at no-charge but, she says, it sounds like nothing will satisfy me, her voice getting louder and more angry as she talked, not letting me finish mind you. She blew the whole thing out of proportion and grossly mishandled it. My daughter and I will never go back. This morning, I have scabs on my face from how high the laser was after she was angry at me for addressing a situation. This woman rushes through her clients, each time we've been there a client says, "Oh, well, looks like you missed a spot..." EVERY TIME. I will never go back. Nobody should be treated people like this.
5	I've been coming here since they opened last year & am 100% hair free! I love how they don't force you to sign contracts here, you can either buy a package for a certain area or pay per session. I also saw on their Instagram that you can buy unlimited hair removal for 6 months as well! They price everything so well anyone can afford to be hair free! They also do eyebrow threading & eyelash extensions as well! Ani does amazing eyebrows I always get compliments! So glad I found them!!
5	First time here the other day and best experience ever.  Had laser before. .. this time the service the painless of the laser the coast was amazing.  If you're looking for laser this is definitely the place to come.
5	This is an amazing laser salon! I've heard some horror stories of people getting burned after treatments, but this is my second time going and it has been smooth sailing! I did my face/neck combo and it took about a week to really see the results because it takes the hair follicle that long to come off. I just did my second treatment and looking forward to finishing the rest so I can do something else =) . Ani (the owner) was really friendly, but she is doing more marketing for her business and make it expand. Everyone there was really friendly and the prices were just right.  They don't force you into buying packages like some places - so you pretty much pay as you go. I prefer it that way because you have options (which I like). Their prices are really reasonable and there is a breakdown on their website. I paid $105 for my neck and face. It takes about 6 sessions to really become hair free. This is my go-to laser salon and I highly encourage everyone to go!  There is some pain with any procedure like this, but all tolerable! Take a Tylenol an hour before you go and you can survive it!Thanks again Ivy Laser Salon! I am looking forward to your next location ( hopefully in North Las Vegas).
5	I started going to Ivy Laser Sept 2013 and I'm virtually hair free. I've been wanting to do laser for sooooo many years, but never got to because it was very expensive then. I love Kate too. She is meticulous and super friendly. Look no further, I  highly recommend  Ivy Laser and very satisfied with the results, smooth and hair free. Yay!!
5	I have always plucked my own eyebrows and they have always looks alright, nothing special just "meh" brows. I have always been envious of the tailored eyebrow look & have been wanting to try eyebrow threading. I saw a deal pop up for half off at Ivy Laser Salon and decided to try it today & all I can say is that im honestly in love with my brows for the first time in a long time. The girl threading my brows did a great job shaping my brows ( they look awesome!) & surprisingly it was not that painful. I will definitely be coming back. Happy I found this place & I highly recommend it to anyone.
5	Kate is amazing at Laser. She gets the job done. Lovely salon, always easy to make an appointment.
5	I'm extremely happy about my decision on getting laser hair removal. Today was my first time and I was super scared about the pain because I'm a cry bby. Kat answered all my questions and make me feel super comfortable.she is amazing it hurts but wax hurts way more and its not a long time procedure I feel that this is an investment on my body to feel better and confident. Ill recommend this place to any one. And price was fantastic no contracts u can pay as you go =) . I'm just happy happy muy feliz .
4	I'm new to the whole laser scene but wanted to remove some unwanted hair forever.  Ivy Laser is a low pressure,  informative,  provider who makes you comfortable with using laser services. I felt like I really understood the equipment being used, the technique and how many applications I could expect to need. However what I found much more comforting is Ivy let's you try the service application by application without you having to get locked into a high cost contract or pre-paying for months of service. Ivy does have a very generous promotion for those that want to commit to a full series up front. This let's me know that the owner believes in the quality of the service they deliver versus just being about grabbing the money. For my 1st service I have to say the technician was very professional about my comfort and meticulous about how she performed the service. We spoke about the process before starting and then she spent time after the procedure to talk about what to expect. I am confident I will be satisfied with my procedure and I have an service scheduled.
5	This a revised review, Ive had a tiny complication before but the management was very helpful. I had my appointment with Ani and had an eyebrow threading, she took her time and the result was great. Most places are quick but they always leave mistakes with this place they make sure you looked cleaned up. I highly recommend this place for the guys looking to get cleaned up and its very inexpensive.
5	I love going to Ivy Laser Salon. From getting my brows threaded, to amazing full eyelash extensions and having laser treatment. Her staff is awesome and I always feel comfortable when I come in for my appointments. The owner is so professional and I love that she is so accommodating to my busy schedule that she makes time to squeeze me in even on their busiest day.
5	Technician was great,  she didn't miss any spots.  Bring cash because there is a small credit/debit fee.  I almost always tip my technician, I had a small issue and the owner approached me and solved it quickly.I will be going back for sure.
