5	In a sea of pretentious salons, Joseph Scott is a rare find.  It's a tiny, stand-alone building that doesn't have a lot of "curb appeal", but the talent and personalities inside more than make up for it.  These guys have skill, their prices are affordable and a visit to the salon is always enjoyable.
5	A small salon with great service.  The owners, Joey & Scott, want you to walk out happy and beautiful, every time.  The entire staff is incredibly talented - Joey does amazing cuts and styles, Scott is a genius with color, and Terre is a master stylist and make-up artist.The atmosphere is casual, the salon is immaculate, and every client is treated like a friend as well.  Worth every penny, and you will want to come back for your next appointment.  If they added massage & drinks, I'd live there...
5	There are many good hair salons in Phoenix.  I've been to some of the best, had good results, but they were just too expensive.  I am so thrilled I responded to an add that looked inviting for Joseph Scott Salon.  Adele is now my new stylist - my hair has never looked better and prices are so reasonable.  I've had her cut, color and style my hair three times now and continue to be pleased each time I go.  Joseph Scott is an absolute gem among vast,  vapid,  full of themselves salons in the valley.
5	Easy-going experts.  Terre is amazingly talented.  I've not visited anyone else for services at the salon, but I've watched them work and they also do great work.  The prices are reasonable, the atmosphere is casual and they treat you wonderfully!  It's a pleasure going.  I've been to several other salons in the past and am happy (and lucky) to say that I won't be going anywhere else again.UPDATE 4/1/2011: Terre moved to a new Salon! So although I said I'd never got anywhere else, I now go to his new place! Raw Hair Salon, 4540 N 7th St. Phoenix, 602 2 seven seven 329five. (sorry if you guys think its rude, but Terre is why I went to your salon and I'll follow him anywhere - Raw is a better maintained facility, too, so that's a bonus.)
5	Adele did a wonderful job on my hair today! I have long, thick hair and have sat through many 4+ hour haircuts. She had it colored and cut in about 2 hours, and gave me exactly what I wanted. You could go to many other salons in Phoenix or Scottsdale and get a great haircut for twice the price, because you would be paying for the fountain in the lobby and the upscale interior designer who decorated the place. Joseph Scott salon is small, simple, and friendly, with no pretension.
5	Having been dumped by my favorite stylist, who went on to pursue a different *cough* career, I was pretty scared to go looking for a new person I could trust with my hair. Like, "I want something short that's not cookie cutter, and do something with the color. Be an artist."  That's what I was looking for, and, on the recommendation of a friend, and a casual consultation on a Saturday night, decided to put my hair in Adele's hands. I'm sure I scared the crap out of her when I said, "Do whatever you want." But, really, who's going to let their client leave with shitty hair?  I was amazed. She's actually better than my old stylist with color. Very creative, attentive, and in general , just has a great demeanor that makes hanging out with foils in your hair for a few hours pretty enjoyable. The entire staff is really down-to-earth and cool to talk to. They treat you like you're in their living room and make you feel right at home. I've been going for almost a year now, and every time we do something different and fun with my hair that always receives major compliments when I go out. I love Adele, and love this salon!
5	I decided to try J. S. based on others' Yelps. I made an appt with Adele and although I know stylists hate when you say "just do whatever" I had to go there. I figure, she's the professional-who am I to tell her what she can or can't do???  Anyway, she did a gorgeous cut that looks perfect with my face and that I can wash-n-wear to work.  I will definitely be going back to her from now on!!!
5	Oh boy, I am clueless when it comes to getting my hair done. Also, lazy - I've been known to wait a year or so before dragging my reluctant butt into a salon to get it wrestled into shape. And when I finally do go in, I mutter some preferences, get a haircut, and go home not knowing what was done to my hair, only that it was expensive. Enough with how much I suck, here's how this salon rocks: Terre is amazing. I walked in with my normal "mutter mutter" and he cajoled me into talking about how I normally operate, and actually showing some sort of preference. He proceeded to clean me up masterfully, all the while telling me what sort of styles would work for me aesthetically and fit in with my daily routine. Then he gave me a quick rundown of other things I could do with my 'do if I were feeling like expending a slight bit of effort. (He also gets bonus points for being a total gaming geek!)To sum up, everyone there was wonderfully nice and helpful, and I didn't feel like I was being "talked down" to for one moment, despite my ignorance. The salon had a great "small, personable operation" feel to it. Oh and my hair looks nice, I'm pretty sure.
2	I would state this first time visit as one of mixed feelings.  I called on Monday stating I would be needing to set up a time for a first time haircut on Saturday.  I left a voice mail and did not receive a return phone call until Wednesday.  Considering I was telling them I was interested in giving them new business you would think they would be on it with geting me scheduled.  I could have changed my mind by Wednesday.  I scheduled a time on Saturday and the stylist was about fifteen minutes behind.  He then informed me he needed to clean his station first, which took another 10 minutes, so the first impressions were not off to a good note.  He washed my hair first prior to the cut, which was a first for me that I still don't know if i cared for and didn't spend much time on my hair.  When finished I still had clippings on my face that I wiped with my wrist/hand.  Hmm.  I didn't feel very welcome here, so I think I'm still going to keep looking for a replacement for my previous stylist that I divorced myself from.  On a good note, so far I like the cut, it just seems the service is a big rough around the edges.  Maybe I'm expecting too much for a $35 mens cut.
5	This is where I got my hair done for my wedding. Even though they were packed that day, my stylist moved a couple appts around so I could get in, get out and to my venue.And my hair came out gorgeous.I did my test run a few weeks earlier w/ Joey. He's the best. THE BEST. He gave me a sassy new cut and color. He also melded the pics Id brought in together a bit to give me the perfect updo for my face/frame/hair length.Dont go anywhere else!
5	I came in for a haircut through a Groupon deal and Marie was my stylist. She gave me a very nice trim and cute side swept bangs! I wasn't sure about the idea of bangs, but she assured me they would look good and it did indeed! I have received lots of compliements. They even gave me a 50% off coupon for my next visit. I will be sticking with this salon!
5	Came in for a cut/color/highlight (what an amazing Groupon!) and was paired with Marie.  She was running a few minutes behind, but was so apologetic and definitely spent quality time on my hair.  I've had a lot of haircuts, and been to a lot of salons, and this was definitely a memorable experience. Marie did a fantastic job: I love my new hair!  The salon is small and quaint, and the prices are incredible!  I got 50% off for my next visit.  I will be back!
1	Bought a Groupon to try out a new salon that was closer to where I live. Made an appointment for a Saturday at 4:30pm. I had called to see if they can take me earlier because I was in the neighborhood, and they said no so I said ok 4:30. Get there and I sat for 35 minutes. No one said hello and no one came over to say that my stylist was running late. I had an appointment at 6:15pm over on the Westside. At about 5:05 or so the stylist finally came and got me. We talked about my hair and kinda what I was wanted...the process proceeded. Her chair is in the corner so when it got dark outside, which it was a cloudy rainy day to begin, she had a hard time cutting so I had to move to a different chair. She cut my hair in less than 20 minutes and styled it. They style was not something I weat but that was ok. When I got home after my appointment I olayed with my hair and realized that it was totally uneven and was not laying right. I tried to work with it but couldn't. I called and made another appointment to get it fix and she said, "oh I kinda thought that was going to happen, it was a little dark." She cut and cut and cut way to short and way to many layers. I HATE my hair still. I called back and  NO ONE returned my call. It was important to have a great hair cut and a hair style that one loves and or likes. So now I have a haircut that does not work for me at all. I DO NOT recommend this salon at all. I will travel all the way to Tempe to see the lady that cuts my hair from now on.
5	I am so happy to have found this salon, thanks to Groupon.  My stylist was Joey, who is the owner, and has been cutting hair for 22 years.  The salon is in a free-standing building with plenty of parking.  The inside is urban and functional, with a good selection of hair magazines.  I had a fairly good idea of what I did and did not want, and Joey was a great listener, which is so important with your hair stylist!  He got exactly what I was looking for.  That day I did a full color, highlights, cut and style, and I have to say that it is one of the best haircuts, color and style I have ever had!  I have gotten tons of compliments and people asking where I went.  Even without the Groupon his pricing is within normal range for those services.  Go see Joey...you won't regret it :)))
5	Adele has been my colorist since I read rave reviews of her here on Yelp. From my first appointment, she proved that all the reviews were well-deserved. She is truly gifted, and I am completely loyal. She listens to what you are trying to achieve, talks to you to clarify and offer suggestions for your look, and executes to perfection. That's the quality that sets her apart - being able to interpret what you want with total accuracy. Make Adele your colorist and you won't be disappointed!
5	I have been seeing Joey, Scotty, Adele, Marie and now Christy for nearly 10 years!  They not only are amazing stylists, colorists, but also friends.  It is difficult not to want to invite them for dinner after your session with them.  They make me feel and look gorgeous.  They CARE and it shows.  It is an honor to call them my Beautification Team, and trust me when I do photo shoots, have special dates or just wanna look good for fun, they are the trusty professionals to book with.  I trust them with my hair, my products, my color and yes, Adele is the famous 'waxing my furry little face' gal.  When you set your appointment, tell em Luana Lucia sent you : -)  They will be thrilled ~ Luana Joya Lucia
4	I found this salon right here on Yelp, and I have been coming back for over 2 years.  As a creature of habit, I've only had Adele do my hair, and she is really great, so I can't comment on anyone else who works there, other than to say they seem pleasant (and fun) enough.  I think I can say with certainty that Adele has been the most skilled stylist my hair has had the good fortune to be in company with, and that my hair has come out better here, more consistently, than anywhere else.She also puts up with my last minute cancellations, hangovers, and irritating scheduling practices -- thanks Adele!So, without a doubt, this is the place I go to, and will continue to do so unless something really bad happens or something.Some things to note:  I used to go to a fancy Aveda salon on Mill Ave, and the price there was $5 more than what I pay Adele.  At the Aveda salon, they used to do the whole massage your hands thing and put a hot towel on my face and whatnot.  I think people like that kind of stuff -- just not this guy.  I used to have to go to the lobby bathroom and give myself a scrubdown so I wouldn't smell like cucumbers or mint or whatever that oily stuff they slathered on me was.So that's just me and I'm just glad that Adele gives me the extra (cold by request!) rinse-down before I leave so I'm not a walking ball of shedding hair particles -- and that's how I like it.  But if you are looking for a super fancy place that focuses more effort on your hands than your hair, you might be less than happy here.  You will, however, probably get better service, from nicer and more talented people.  I'm not much of a chit-chatter when I get my hair did -- but I'm happy to listen to the banter that goes on around me, and the other patrons seem to have genuine experiences.Two other minor issues (and the reason for the loss of the star):1 - The whole look of the building and the rear parking lot doesn't make for a very salon-ish feel.  The parking lot back there seems like anarchy -- cars parked every which way.  I realize the building is an older slump-block conversion on the borders of Arcadia, but the first time I saw the place (and I'm not sure why, exactly), it looked more like some kind of restaurant.  Your architectural influence could use some updating.2 - Again, this has more to do with ambiance more than anything (and probably more for people besides myself) but the waiting area isn't very comfortable either.  I know you guys have limited space to work with, but there it is.
5	AMAZING!  Joey has been doing my hair for 7 years and I do not know what I would do with out him.  He is so fantastic with color while still keeping my hair healthy.  I have sent numerous clients to him over the years and they all have the same experience.  Recently my husband had his hair cut by Joey.  Now as a 40 something guy, he has had a few hair cuts in his life. No joke, he said it was " the best cut he had ever had!". We drive 40 miles one way to see Joey and love the whole staff - Adele, Marie and the whole gang are fantastic!
5	Highly recommend Marie for layered cuts.  She listens, she confirms what she's about to do, and then she does exactly what you've both discussed.  It helps to bring along a photo of your desired cut/look.  She will match it exactly!
5	First time I have ever been here and I am very pleased.I made an appt. for Marie and got in  within 2 days. I think that is pretty good!It is a great location right on Indian School Road. The building is a cool type 60's modern i think. The staff is very friendly and everything is very casual but,not in an unprofessional way.Marie was very good and even offered to get me something to drink when she sat me down. She did an excellent job on my hair. So I gave her a good tip! She even gave me some samples.
5	I recently moved to Phoenix and picked this salon at random - very glad that I ended up here! It was a bit of a drive from my new place but so worth it.I was able to book an appointment for the next day. The salon itself was fine - looked professional and trendy, although the building was a little run down. Girl at the front desk was very friendly and immediately asked if I wanted tea, etc.Marie was my stylist and she was awesome!  I went in for a cut and color, had a general idea of what I wanted going in (going from uneven, shoulder length auburnish hair to a blonde chin length bob). I never, ever know exactly what I want when I go to a hair salon but I brought pictures and Marie helped me come up with a style that was very cute and up-to-date. She convinced me to do all over highlights rather than completely bleaching my hair, and I'm so glad I did - my hair color has a ton of depth and is much healthier than it would have been if I'd just dipped it all in a bleach bath. She was very knowledgable and took the time to really listen to what I wanted - something that I have not found at other places I have been to previously.  She also took the time to style my hair when she was done - something I really appreciated.Great overall experience - trendy, local magazines, drinks offered, I got a massage while she was rinsing my hair, all around a very relaxing time.She spent about three hours on me from start to finish, I bought three products at about $10 -15 each (they were having a going out of business, 50% off sale!) and it cost me about $160 (not including tip). So not cheap, but not crazy either, for a complete hair make over that looks fantastic!Adele and Marie are opening a new salon soon - and I know I will continue to go see them in the future! Highly recommended!
1	This salon SUCKS...they set the appointment times , then keep you waiting 25-30 minutes....are in no way ready for you when you arrrive.Hey..my time is just as valuable as theirs.Sometimes the hairdresser is not even there when the appointmentis to start...always "running late"....I do not like the attitude of workers there..they do not greet you when you arrive and just seem fake and phony overall...I will NEVER go back there..
