4	This is not your typical Catholic Church!Consider St. Sharbel as an Eastern Catholic Church, where there are still main components as the Roman Catholic Church, the only difference is that the language that is used in some of the responses are in Aramaic (Jesus' language).My grandma brought me here, as she has been visiting this church since Easter. She loves the sermons and the fact that this parish uses Aramaic within their masses. The church is nestled within a neighborhood, where there is still development going on. The hall is quite large, while the church is somewhat in transition as it is just a huge bungalow (the parish is raising money to build a nice church). But the decor of the church-bungalow was not your typical Roman Catholic design. The stone work reminded my grandmother of Jerusalem (where she happened to travel back in the day for a pilgrimage), while the use of incense was abundant throughout the mass. Most of the parishioners were Filipino, Italian, Lebanese, Hispanic and Indian. It was my first Aramaic-English mass that I've ever attended. I liked how there was a flat screen so you can read-along to what the readings and the responses were. Overall, if I lived in the area, I wouldn't mind attending mass here as it is quite different than your traditional Roman Catholic churches!
5	Tired of going to mass and not understanding the gospel? Well then this is the church for you! I honestly dislike going to church and being so lost during the gospel because the priest does not make it relatable. Father Nadim on the other hand uses real life experiences when speaking about the gospel. We also had a private mass for both my daughter's baptism and it was great! I was almost brought to tears due to the way Father Nadim explained things during the mass. He also knows how to make things funny which makes time go by fast! My husband and I fully enjoy this church and that doesn't happen often!
5	I came here while on vacation; it's down the road from the Grandview Resort.  I read the Yelp reviews about it not being your traditional Catholic church so I wanted to give it a try.  It isn't your typical catholic church.  But it was enjoyable.  My family was able to follow the prayers and songs via the projector.  We enjoyed the homily and the guest speaker, a young boy.  For me, it was a different kind of experience, a very good spiritual experience.  During the communion, the projector mentioned it is given in 2 pieces, the body and blood of Christ and would be given to your mouth.   I was a bit nervous for my son who has only been receiving communion for 1 year now, by hand.  Luckily we weren't in the front and I was able to teach him how to receive the bread by his mouth.  We were pleased with receiving the body and blood of Christ and talked about our experience after mass.  The bread, is dipped in the wine before it is given; there is no cup to drink out of.  When we returned home the following week to attend mass at our local church, my son mentioned how he missed St. Sharbel and how they give communion.  :)
