5	This is the same place as the old Za they just changed the name.  I like the old name better but the pizza is still just as amazing as before.  They have a ton of options for you to customize your pizza the way you want it, including white sauce, gluten free, and whole wheat.  The topping are awesome too, I like the buffalo with the fresh mozzarella.  The pricing is very reasonable, the staff are super friendly and the place is usually pretty clean.  All together it's my favorite pizza place in Tempe.
4	Great crust, 2 minute cook time, and unlimited toppings. The only caveat here is that if you load up on too many toppings the top of the pizza may not brown in time with the bottom. Overall though this is a great lunch spot and if you nab their $7 pizza and drink combo a relatively good deal.
4	I'm a fan on this pizza place. It's close to campus and it has tons of options, pizza wise.I had a custom pizza, which came out to be 8 bucks after tax and tips.The staff is helpful and polite and the foot tastes pretty darn good. It tastes like pizza.What I wouldn't get here is the salad.My friend had some kind of salad, the Health Nut Salad. The vegetables were not fresh, it was wilted and in some parts had rotted already.I had Pizza with, sauce, two cheeses, artichoke hearts, spinach, onion, sausage and ham.Classic Pizza: MARGHERITAHealth Nut SaladConclusion: The pizzas are great, the salads are to not be bought without looking at carefully first.
5	I can honestly say that I have never enjoyed a pizza so much before in my entire life. My Pie essentially takes Subway's model and translates it into personal pizzas. You can either choose from a variety of different preset options or simply create your own mixture of ingredients before the chefs throw it all on a personal pizza and into the oven. Not long after, your own personal pizza comes out exactly as you wanted it. Maybe I'm a little biased, but the pizza I created on my first trip here was perfect. For us poor college kids, it's not too expensive either.
