2	Standard fried, bar food. Needed to find somewhere kid friendly, in a hurry when visiting Old Montreal. The pub is very spacious with good views of the river and Rue St.Paul. It's a nice renovation of an old warehouse type building and has kept some of its old world charm. The place was lively and busy but not raucous. We didn't have high expectations of the food and as expected it was pretty average. The Nachos were good, as were the very small chicken wings. The Burger was OK, nothing special, but my wife hardly touched her pasta duo - a combo of their tomato and alfredo pastas. The tomato one tasted like it was straight out of a jar and the alfredo just lacked flavor. I wouldn't come back here, but for what we needed it suited just fine (don't get the pasta).
3	Fun place. Good food, nice staff. Located in the heart of Old Montreal. Very affordable lunch with good beer specials. Would recommend it to anyone visiting the area who is looking for good affordable food and a fun atmosphere.
4	Very cool pub with history.  Food is way better than most pubs!  You should hit this spot in winter or summer.  In the winter time it's great for a place to warm up, while shopping and wandering around Old Montreal, sipping a special coffee.  Summer is great just because it's summer and we like to drink beer in Old Montreal...
3	imagine a huge sports bar which focused its atmosphere more on music instead of sports. such is an apt description of Pub St. Paul. I mean, they have a giant painting of "the Last Supper" with John Lennon as Jesus, flanked by Alice Cooper, Bob Marley, Janis Joplin, David Bowie, and other legends. IT IS AWESOME.we dropped in for a late lunch; I had a beer and poutine. not the best poutine I've had, but not bad. the option for a spicy pepper gravy with your poutine is clutch. Caroline had a grilled chicken salad - I sampled the chicken and it was nice and spicy!service was good. considering we came in the afternoon, it wasn't very busy. it looked emptier than it really was because this place is HUGE - two floors! holy crap! the main floor has tables which overlook the port, or tables which overlook the streets of Old Montreal (we chose the former).I liked this place, though I feel it would be much better at nighttime. pool and foosball tables in one corner. they have live bands play, open mics, jam sessions, and of course, drink specials (like 3 dollar shots of Jack...sign me up)!definitely gonna check this place out again on future trips to Montreal!
4	Great service from Philip the entree is not that spectacular but it did come with soup and coffee or tea. Great view though of the waterfront.
2	Went looking for a good pub in Old Montreal, and decided to give this place a try. I would stay away and suggest a pub on Peel or Crescent. We arrived and asked for a table by the window, we were told our best option was the bar. why? Apparently the tables by the window were reserved but nobody was ever seated there, the entire time we were there. Food here is way over priced. We got a cheeseburger, tiny pepperoni pizza, nachos and 3 beers. ---$75! Not only was it expensive, it had no flavor at all.
2	Terrible.  Paid $6 a person to get in so we could hear some live music.  Well, the band came on an hour late, would play fr one song, LITERALLY ONE SONG, and then take a break.  And they sucked.  There are so many better places to go in the area.  Skip this bar.
2	Place vide et la music joue super fort .... meme trop fort pour le rien . Tu te crie ds les oreille toutes la soiree!
4	I went there as a part of the saute mouton package and I was pretty impress. Better food then most pub I went to, great history, the price are not bad for being in the heart of old Montreal. We sat right by the window and you have the best view ever. You ca. See the main street and people just walk by and waive. We were a VERY large group and it didn't affect the service at all. The wine selection was pretty good and same for the beers. The lasagna was one of the best I has and I was pretty surprise. A friend had the steak and it was pretty decent for a pub. A must go....fun and casual ambiance
1	Top 5 worst dining experiences I have ever had. I get it. You were getting ready for a private party. If you can't handle having a party of two for dinner than just tell them. Don't seat them and then act like their presence is the biggest inconvenience that has ever been bestowed upon you. Shameful. Especially in an area with so much competition. Spend your dining dollar elsewhere.
