5	Bare recently opened inside the Vivaldi Salon Suites at Park West. Toni, the owner and esthetician, has offered a complimentary sample service for first time visitors. This was great because I actually needed to get my underarms waxed anyway (this is one of the complimentary services for women). What I loved off the bat is that Bare's website and appointment service was super simple to use. It lists all the prices and menu items that Toni offers as well.  Making an appointment just took 2-3 clicks and sent an automatic reminder email about 2 days before my appointment.I've been getting my underarms waxed for about 8 years now and have been to plenty of different salons and estheticians. Some have ripped skin off and some have not even plucked the little hairs after waxing while some do. I've paid anywhere between $12 to $25. So, you could say I'm somewhat of an expert on what a good underam waxing should be like.  No really!!  So, let me count the ways about why I loved my experience at Bare today:1) Toni uses a high end hard wax that works a lot better than sticky wax.2) Normally, it takes 3-4 applications and rip-offs to get most of my hair removed....which can hurt.  BUT, it only took Toni one time to get the hairs removed.3) And this is a bigger plus, it didn't hurt at all! I'm serious! The type of wax she uses grabbed on to the hairs so well, that I barely felt it at all.4) She uses cortisone (as long as you aren't allergic) and witch hazel...both of which get rid of redness and irritation. 5) So, I left feeling like I had nothing done...pain wise. And hours later, I still don't feel any irritation or pain.All in all, Toni has a great studio and service. Definitely go to her for all your bare needs!
5	I feel human again!  Thanks to Toni and her mad skilllls! I went in for the first time today to get my eyebrows done.  The service was free because it was my first visit which was a plus!  However, I will be going back to Toni regularly for my waxing needs.Like mentioned in Carrie's review, Toni uses a hard wax (which has a pretty awesome color...teal hehehe) that I had never had used on me...it makes the process quick and painless.  She was very aware of how I wanted my eyebrows shaped and consistently checked to make sure I was comfortable and happy.  When I was all finished, she applied some cortisone to help lessen the redness that usually occurs after waxing.I was extremely satisfied and will be going back very soon!  BONUS:  When making your appointment...note the ease! Book your appointment online and you will be done in just a few clicks, followed by a text or email or BOTH reminder a couple of days in advance!  Thanks, Toni!
5	I prefer hard wax to the strips. I will be going back.
