4	Another BYOB, which I love.  In small place that is all cement floor and walls, so noisy.  Fresh food, tasty.  Has pizza, calzones, gnocchi and daily selections plus veal and chicken.  Veal is very good, tender.  Cooks own bread and sells it to go.  Was chef at Abruzzi. Pepperoni rolls are great.
5	The food is awesome, all of it, pizza to entries.  The service is outstanding.  We asked for chocolate milk and they sent someone out to buy it since its not normally on menu.  You'll be treated like royalty.
4	Still same real good food but take out only.  Upper St Clair Township does not allow eat in due to lack of parking, I was told.We ordered a fresh Walnut and gorgonzola salad and sausage calzone, booth were real good.  Love the sausage!
4	Just a good place to get good food.   Suppose to be take out only due to only a few parking spaces.  Claudio stopped by and was fun to talk with.  Ordered the Shrimp diablo.  It was very devilish!  Spicy, so tasty and just fun to eat.  It came with a nice salad of mixed greens with onions, green peppers, tomato and good Italian dressing.  The homemade bread is great that comes with a bowl of olive oil with spice and some parmigiana cheese.  Yum!
4	Have ordered take out pizza a few times recently.  One of the better pizza's in the area!Have always enjoyed the food and the pizza is very good as well.
4	I had dinner with my wife and kids here, It was very good. We were a little taken back when we first walked in as it used to be some sort of garage and the decor is definitely not the selling point of this place. That said, we loved everything else about the place. Great service! The gnocchi was the best I've had and the fact its BYOB makes this a hit for the wife and I. They made to order our kids meals when we asked if they had a kids menu, they loved their food and ask to go back, which will be soon and often!
4	What a awesome meal! The chicken pastina was served hot and serving size was big, enough for 2 meals. The lasagne was a large portion and perfect temperature!! The atmosphere was not your every day restaurant, when we walked in there was fresh baked bread cooling on the tables! It was delicious!
5	Absolutely awesome! Just picked up a couple paninis, gnocchi and beans/greens for lunch and everything was great.  Drove by this place hundreds of times...wish I would have stopped sooner.
5	Really great tasting deep dish pizza. Anything that has to do with dough is awesome here since it's all home made. I recommend buying a loaf of bread to go. Definitely worth checking out even if parking is challenging!
5	A diamond in the rough. Great place. People and are very inviting. Food is home cooked and fresh. Job well done. Keep it up.
4	Omg....soooo good. My husband belongs to an Italian men's supper club, go figure....he's Serbian...any way...he came home after one of their jaunts and started singing the praises of Claudio's. He said you'd love the food, but I'm warning you it's in a GARAGE! Now, I may be from Ambridge but I do put some stock In ambiance. We finally had enough wine one night to get me there. Holy cow, shut the front door...the pasta with calamari...the homade bread, the salads, the deserts....all to die for. You know what, the place looks like I would imagine a joint in Italy would look. It was so good I dragged him back the following week to try the Pizza...wonderful! It is byob..another perk. Ahhhh Claudio ...I'm in love.
5	After hearing several friends rave about Claudio's, I finally tried it yesterday.  To say I was not disappointed is an understatement!  From the Chicken Pastina soup, to the garlic bread, to the gnocchi - all were some of the best I've ever had (don't tell my grandma!).  The gnocchi in particular were perfection, light and fluffy, not at all gummy or chewy.  Loved every bite!
