4	Nice, clean, well stocked 7-11. Their floors are always dazzling clean. the staff is pretty nice as well. Always polite, even during the early morning hours when I pick up my Red Bulls to help me get through my day. 2 for 1 doughnuts are splendid as well! Get them fresh =)
3	It is like every other gas station. With how gas is now a days it is all pricey. Just happened to be the closest gas station with where I was at.
4	The main reason I come here is for the soda refills. Overall they do a good job keeping the flavors stocked for their awesome over 100 flavor combination Coke machine. Recently it's seemed like many of the flavors are out when I come to get a refill (they've been out of vanilla). Depending on who is working, you can't rely on the refill price to stay the same, but overall it's $1.07- sometimes it's $1.59. Their main selling point is that Coke machine. There aren't many in the area that have that new machine. Staff is generally friendly, it always seems to be a pretty clean store. They have a Redbox out front, which makes it easy to get a soda and a movie for a Friday night.
1	I don't usually review places everyone has been (ie: McDonald's) because you know what it's about and you either like it or you don't. I left the following message below on the 7-11 facebook page so I figured I'd strike twice...this is more on the general 7-11 company regarding their app rollout with a week long of freebies. As I saw on their facebook page a lot of other disgruntled customers with 7-11 not honoring their highly publicized nationwide weeklong promotion. By the way, my lone compliment is that the place was clean inside, but those new dorito cheese snacks looked vomit gross as did the 5 hour old pizza slice.Anyway, here was my experience and post to their facebook page:The 7-11 at 3695 S. FT. APACHE RD, LAS VEGAS, Nevada, 89147 Is not honoring the week of freebies. I went in for m&ms yesterday and they acted like they knew nothing of it...I went in there today since it's a block from my house on my ride home thinking it was just one employee who was oblivious yesterday to get cookies today and another employee acted like they had no idea...I showed them the app and everything. What a huge waste of time. I never ever go to 7-11 because you don't have premium gas like Chevron...and the week long promotion whose whole focus was to get me familiarized with the 7-11 app as well as other things 7-11 offers has backfired into me realizing that this is a very poorly organized company and can't even execute a roll out without annoying the very people your whole goal by doing the promotion was to obtain.
