5	Lisa is AMAZZINNNG!!! I always thought it was normal to have this pain and burning sensation in my shoulder. Last week, I made an appointement with Lisa, besides that she is super friendly, she is caring and knows what she is talking about.She didn't just make my pain go away, she educated me on what was causing it and how to take care of it. Thank you Lisa for giving me back my sleep, I wake up with no pain and very energetic.Making another appt, go see Lisa, she is the one you should see here in the valley:)
5	Lisa is a wealth of knowledge.  She listens to what your needs are is very detailed to help you work on your problem areas.  She is super friendly and very easy to talk to.  Not only does she do a amazing job but she also leaves you with the information to help prevent some of the problems you may be facing.  Being a former Athlete and trainer I have worked with alot of people in the industry, but I would have to say she is at the top of the list.  I would recommend her without hesitation!
5	After getting into a car accident, my physical therapist recommended I try neuromuscular message.  Because my back was recently fused from T3 to S1, there are not many professionals trained to work on a back like mine.  Lisa was different.  She understood the mechanics of my back and the pain associated with the surgery and the car accident.  After just one visit I felt significantly better. (My pain level dropped from a 6 to a 4 on a scale 10.)  I cannot say enough about Lisa other than to recommend her highly!
5	As a LIFELONG sufferer of massive tension headaches, migraines, jaw issues and neck pain, I have tried IT ALL!!!!  From acupuncture, physical therapy,  pain medications and injections and have never been able to get put of pain. Until Lisa!!I can not say enough about how incredible she is at what she does. From the first appt I had, I knew that there was a light at the end of the pain tunnel. Lisa was able to find the spots in my muscles that were causing my headaches and work on them, in order to release me from pain. She knows how the body works and how to fix issues that lead to pain!Lisa ROCKS and has saved me from the endless cycle of headaches! I would highly recommend her to anyone with any type of pain. She truly has done what no one else has been able to do.
5	Lisa is truly amazing.  Before going to see her, I read her reviews on Yelp and they are all so accurate.  For starters, she knows her stuff.  I suffer from both chronic headaches and TMJ.  Without disclosing this to Lisa, she brought it up simply by feeling my neck and jaw. She knew exactly what to do and where.  On top of being an amazing therapist, she has an awesome personality and made me immediately comfortable.  I feel like after going to several therapists, Lisa has been the light at the end of the tunnel.  Upon completion of my appointment, I received thorough instructions on what to expect the following day along with an email checking in the day after my appointment.  Lisa's technique approach and effectiveness deserve well beyond 5 stars. I will be back!
5	Lisa is an amazing therapist and a lovely person.  I've been having some chronic back and muscle issues, and plain massage therapy was getting me nowhere, but Lisa is a magician.  I've seen her twice now, and she's done an awesome job finding and alleviating my pain. Highly recommended.
5	Amazingly talented healer!! I went to her with tingling in my neck that was diagnosed as a bulging disc in my neck turns out it was soft tissue and muscle issues from some old injuries. One session and I had dramatic improvement the 20 sessions at the chiropractor did not help. Highly recommend Her!!!
