3	As for as Persian goes, Maison de Kebab is far better. While I found the food here was very tasty, I thought it was a bit overpriced for what you got. In contrast to Maison de Kebab, portions here are far smaller.Their Mirza Ghasemi as well as their Garlic Mushrooms were excellent even if the portions were small.On the plus side, it is indeed BYOB, and the place was positively packed (granted it was a Saturday night), we were lucky we scored a table. Even then, service was slow and it took forever to receive our food.I was disappointed.
3	This is my first foray into Persian food, ever! I look forward to trying out more in the future, and as a newbie to the cuisine, I'm definitely lucky to have tried it at a place that was good and with a guide. I came here with fellow Yelper Bobby, so you might notice that we have similar commentary, but different takes.Now first things first, ambience: I found the restaurant quaint, the only issue is that their table layout was a bit weak.  I'm unsure if this is due to the 3 or 4 parties of 5+ people (one table seemed about 10) but it was packed when we came in. We didn't make a reservation because we didn't expect to, but to be on the safe side, if it's a weekend, call ahead. The colours were warm, and overall, I'd have to say it was nicely lit, and great windows looking out. The restaurant itself was a bit cold, considering how many people were inside, and I still kept my scarf on the entire dinner.Service: This restaurant seems like it would give you the most attentive service if it was moderately busy, but overall, we were in for dinner for over 2 hours. It was a wait to order, then we had to swap tables because the server couldn't reach the table beside us, then another table of people had to swap. Our server was very amicable, but you could tell that she seemed a bit frazzled, which is understandable due to the amount of people there. Paying our bill was a long wait too, but we weren't rushed for anything after so it was fine.Food: My first impression of our appetizers, mushrooms and an eggplant mixutre: tasty, zesty, and I would love to have that again.  I had a chicken breast kebab, with rice, salad, and grilled tomato.  The chicken was well-seasoned, the salad dressing was nice, and the saffron rice with Barberries was my first and I loved it! The grilled tomato though lacked in tasted, and it was charred beyond recognition.The one thing to remember it is BYOW (Apportez votre vin), and for their prices, I thought they were decent and on par.
5	This is restaurant is by far the best fine Persian cuisine i have had experienced...and im a kebab lover!!First thing is make sure u RESERVE,..for the week ends! Jammed but very warm and cozy...a little noisy although but i like it like that! The service is most attentive specially when it's so busy!As for the food, we where 4 and had a little bit of everything and it  was done too perfection..i mean the meat was well seasoned and juicy.. Just wow!! And my personnel favorite was the lambs shank plate...off the hook!!!This is absolutely a great place for price to quality and not to forget that it is a bring your wine....!!!! Enjoy :)
3	I went here yesterday and the service was good and quick.. we went on a Tuesday night and the resto was pretty empty. We were a big party (around 10) and ordered a main dish for everyone and shared everything as well as the soup to start and some eggplant dips for appies. The soup was really delicious and only $1.50 with a main dish - definitely get one - I really enjoyed it! Lots of flavour and lots of things in the soup... very savourly and delish. The eggplant dips were also very tasty. We tried a variety of mains and the table generally liked them all. I am only giving it 3 stars because Persian food is not my favourite... it is a bit too savoury without any spice. I would say the dishes were similar in taste to Khyber Pass on Duluth.
1	While visiting Montreal we had to try persian food, knowing that in Canada there is such a big persian population. I don't know what I was thinking, but I thought that due to huge persian population, I expected better persian food than in all Persian restaurants in NYC, which had tried numerous times in the past ten years. Paris's was worst persian restaurant ever! When we arrived and seated us and show have began....the waiter was nice, but it seemed that he must started working first day, was so disorganized, was jumping from table to table, seemed so lost. I ordered salmon kebab, and they said sorry we don't have it. My husband ordered soltani, which is main typical persian food (some beef kebab and beef skirt stake kebab), and he said that they don't have it to, it's even not in the menu. I was shocked! Later I have ordered shrimp kebab with green rice. And my husband ordered some beef steak. Omg, our food came out literally two hours later and I never seen the rice brought for me. The rice looked nothing like they supposed to, it was a mix of different rice colors and so oily and even had no peas in there. It looked nothing like suppose to. My husbands dish looked better, meat was soft but  I guarantee it had MSG in there, because my husband s allergic to MSG and the night we got home he had a severe allergic attack. What a disappointment and waste of time and money this place was! If you never tried persian food , maybe it will seem ok, but if you are familiar with persian cuisine , stay away of this place, this is nothing even close persian food. I been to all persian restaurants in entire east coast, but this  I would stay away from!!!
5	This was such a great experience. I cannot wait to go back. The service and the food were both amazing. Also the food presentation was also beautiful. It's a great place to take date to or go with a group of friends. I went with a group of friends and the service truly deserves a 5 star. When you go there make sure to try the filet mignon. Also the appetizers and the stews are to die for. I cannot believe someone gave this place a 3 star based on the fact that they don't like Persians food even though the food was amazing. Enjoy
3	What a little surprise in the heart of Verdun..We heard of this place through a friend, and having had authentic spectacular Persian food before, I was quite skeptical. However, Parisa did not disappoint!Their house soup was really something special (minus the random noodles that seemed out of place).We had the sauteed mushrooms to start - I expected them to be sweeter, but they were quite good!We then had the lamb (AMAZING) and the chicken drumsticks (not bad) as our main dish.The service was great, the host was super friendly, and the atmosphere was nice and quiet. For a BYOW place, it's definitely a nice place to go. Try it, and definitely do not miss out on the soup! Super good!
5	Such great food everything is amazing and BYOB IS AWESOME. You try the chicken and ground beef kabobs. I am someone that has tried many different middle eastern restaurants and this one hands down is one of the best!
5	I heard about this place from a friend and had to check it out for myself. Loved it! Not just the service and ambiance, but the food will definitely get me going back for more.
4	Great fresh food and service. Baghalie is great and Koobideh excellent! Will definitely go back!
5	i visited this restaurant the second time i visited Montreal this year and the food is amazing and i cannot explain how amazing it is, i don't understand how any one give it less than five...
4	Food was pretty good - although a little pricey. Although I enjoyed the food - I had an Iranian friend with me who kept saying the dishes weren't genuine Persian.
