3	This new Goodwill location opened recently. From the outside, the store looks huge, so I was surprised by how small it actually appears inside. All the aisles are a little too close together, making it rather hard to get through with a cart and especially difficult when there are two or more people trying to pass one another. I think the shopping experience would definitely be enhanced if they could widen the aisles a bit.Inventory was plentiful and although I didn't walk away with much, I would be interested in checking them out again since they are conveniently located and on the newer side.
4	This is a newer Goodwill store and is nicely kept, aisles are clean and things are on the shelves fairly neatly.I was here on some weekend thrifting for some wedding DIY. I went to the vases and found a lot of them to be too high for what they are. I saw a few vases I for sure saw at Dollar Tree priced at 1.99 here, and saw something I bought from another thrift store for 49cents the previous week. I skipped out on glasswear, even though I need more vases to paint as I'm sure I can find more elsewhere. I guess this is a lesson that everything is dependent on whom is pricing so don't assume you've been to one, you've been to all as this was the highest priced one on vases. My only score was a wicker "luggage" which will be for my gift table. It will be super cute, I think.I browsed around the various departments and I find this one has a lot less junk and more actual stuff someone may want to buy. It's definitely a good one to stop by as things just seemed slightly newer and nicer of a selection. It wasn't busy at all, so perhaps it's just less picked over than ones in central areas.
2	Nice new store....that's the only reason for 2 stars. The prices at this location are really high, maybe to pay for the new building?!?!
5	Nice clean store, friendly staff and managers. Good sales everyday. Something for everybody.
4	Excellent because I can drive up and a friendly person will come out and take all my donations and I am on my way!
4	Pretty clean location. Best thrift store I have found in the southwest. Some things are overpriced but lots of good deals to be found.
