5	Great customer service! Nicole and Jim went above and beyond to make our rental enjoyable. Thanks Jucy we had a great trip to the Grand Canyon!
4	Great setup for 2 people for a weeklong trip. Anymore than 2 would be way too crammed to fit gear and bodies and food. Couldn't get the fridge to work properly so used ice- so not much room. Linens very nice and fresh- the blanket left fuzzies all over so it was very obviously new. Had to fix our own flat tire but 24-hr call center was helpful. Pickup and drop off was very easy and friendly staff but place seemed a bit sketchy likely due to new location under construction. Would rent again but would be nice if van was available without the penthouse since we didn't use it. Definitely do unlimited mileage; look for a groupon deal. Oh, and the van is very photogenic...
5	Rented a Jucy vehicle in Vegas and drove to Zion for a week of hiking and camping. Jucy is great size wise for 2 adults, affordable, good on gas, easy to drive, fun, reliable and very photogenic. The staff was also very friendly, knowledgable and supportive. If you're looking for an easy get up and go comfortable camping trip then I highly recommend Jucy. Check to see if they have a groupon before booking.
4	Booking was easy! You can also do an online check-in prior to pick up that made it a faster process once we arrived. It's not the most professional looking office, but the staff were very friendly and helpful through the entire trip! The vehicle was awesome. Beds are not very comfy, but you are sleeping in a van. The roof sleeper was more comfy than inside. It's a full size bed up there! The linens were clean and fresh, pillows were good. Fridge and burners were awesome. We drove from Vegas down through Arizona, through Sedona, up to the Grand Canyon and back to Vegas. 7 day rental, unlimited miles. Decent on gas. It was an absolutely amazing trip. Such a cool experience. See the tips section for some info we learned along the way.
4	What a great concept! They take Minivans and rig them with RV equipment for camping.  You've got pretty much everything you need: a small fridge, a gas stove, a sink with running water, cabinets for dishes and utensils, a hydraulic pup tent that you pull out on the roof, and a Video screen with built in USB and DVD player.  The vehicle also supports 4 beds too.  The rental process is fairly simple, after you reserve online and fill out the forms, they take you to he vehicle and explain everything to you and how it works.  It's totally the way to go!Great idea, I hope they last.
