1	Let me start off by saying we came down here for a family emergency stress levels already high. My bf flew down here before I did and I arranged all the travel. The first night he was here he said it was ok, however we only booked one night since it was still unclear how long we would be in az. The only complaint he had was there was a vacuum cleaner going off at 745 that morning. In all fairness he did say something to the front desk and that didn't happen again. The next night we booked a different room for 2 additional nights. When We checked into the different room it was very outdated there was hair on the floor in the bathroom. The bed was lumpy,saggy and the morning we checked out I noticed the bottom of the bed was coming out from underneath it. The gym was a joke-three machines, 2 that don't work and a wobbly elliptical that was better than nothing. The breakfast the next morning was decent however my coffee was flooded with coffee grounds and we ended up going to Starbucks which is where I sit and write this review. I hate giving bad reviews on yelp, especially when I didn't even have the chance to complain about anything to the front desk. But this is absolutely a get what you pay for hotel-not the deal I thought I was getting. We are staying one more night and tonight it will be at the Westin downtown.
1	If you need a place for one night and price is the only consideration, then it meets the requirement of a bed for the night.If you think your getting an in room kitchen and clean room then spend the extra money and stay somewhere else.Our microwave didn't work and when we asked for it to be replaced they never bothered to show up, even after 3 calls.The dishes and cups are a joke.  One plate a cup if your lucky and one sauce pan.  free old sauce included for no extra charge.There was a pull out bed but no sheats.  Overall not a great experience but for $59.00 a night I guess you get what you pay for. Place seemed safe and was not quiet enough.We stayed for two nights and would not stay again but I wasn't so upset I wanted my money back.  My expectations were low so I was prepared.
1	My folks stayed here and had to try 4 different rooms before they got one that was just acceptable enough to stay the night in. Poorly ran terrible hotel
1	Lobby was filthy, finger prints everywhere. We had no choice but to stay, it was super late and our original hotel "overbooked" and sent us to this one. This was a motel, not a hotel folks.  The bathroom sink leaked, roomed smelled old and there was a used bar of soap and a used towel on the floor. Can you say ewwwwwww!?!?
