5	Just opened off of Rae rd. in the Blakeney/Ballantyne area of Charlotte.Went there on Saturday afternoon so things weren't too busy.Tried the raw oysters, tuna tartare and lobster roll. All of the seafood was extremely fresh and tasty.Service was fast and servers were courteous and responsive.This place has tons of indoor and outdoor seating and looks like it would be great for groups. They offer a Sunday brunch that we will be sure to try. We'll be back again.
5	Great atmosphere and food. Our server, Emerald, was very helpful and attentive. Obviously, they oysters were a must. Crab fondue, corn fritters and shrimp and grits were also fantastic. We are looking forward to going back soon!
5	Stopped in on Saturday afternoon. Lots of indoor/outdoor seating and a great bar area. We had a dozen raw oysters and then tried the tuna and Mahi tacos. Everything was great and a great value. The service was courteous and prompt. We will definitely be back again!
4	Well it seems that the wife and I just had to move out of Ballantyne for the good restaurants to move in. We were lucky to be in the area recently and saw that Lure was open for business. We had heard that an oyster bar was coming to Charlotte and that made both of us excited. First thing that I noticed walking in was the revamped decor to give you the oyster shack feel. It also looks like they have few seats for a raw bar, as well as ample regular bar seating. For our quick lunch on this visit, we opted for a high top table, but in the future I would either do a booth or sit at the bar. The menu itself is quite varied and not only seafood/oyster driven, which is fine to please all types of palates. We were there for seafood to include raw oysters. We got six each of their northwest oysters from British Columbia and they were delicious. I would have asked for some hot sauce or sriracha, as none was on the table but we were in a rush and the oysters looked too good to wait. We used the cocktail sauce and mignonette provided. As entree, I chose the Bar Harbor lobster roll and the wife went with crab cake sandwich. Now I have had some lobster rolls in my time and this one is legit. It's served cold, as it should be, and on a warm toasted bun with a good filling portion of lobster. I doubt that the lobster was freshly shucked but it doesn't have to be, and we are quite a ways away from Bar Harbor, so I don't expect it. Oh and the house chips were perfect for me, thick, crispy and not greasy. I tasted the crab cake itself and it was good, but the lobster was better. The wife is allergic to lobster so she could not indulge in the roll.All in all, a solid meal and it was definitely 4+ stars, but can't pull the trigger on 5 stars yet. The service was fine and I am sure that them being open for a week explains the few hiccups that we encountered. We will likely return as often as we can and trust me, my upgrade to 5 stars is coming. I look forward to new different oysters varietals and seasonal dishes in the future.
1	We ate here tonight and it was not good! We ordered the mahi tacos and mahi entree. The fish had a fishy taste and was very dry.The sides didn't have any flavor. To top it off, the service was very slow and some things didn't come at all. It took 15 minutes to get the check. I hope things improve but I can't recommend this place.
3	Crab dip was good except the server said it would come with toasted pita and it instead came out with tortilla chips. Fried shrimp platter was good but only had 8-10 shrimp so don't go there hungry. Oyster pizza was a disappointment as it only had 5 oysters and the crust was not crispy. Overall, somewhat "boring" and under-whelming visit. Didn't hate it but didn't really love it either...
3	Ok it gets 3 stars solely because of service and ambiance, otherwise it would be a 4. Ill break it down:Ambiance: Noisy as all heck. No sound buffer, you really cant hold a conversation in this place if its packed. I mean its loud, the loudest rest. that I can remember in a long time. This is going to be an issue for them. Service: Was pretty bad at the beginning but worked out towards the end. People were friendly. We were seated and it took a good 20 minutes before we got our drinks. Ordered a couple of martinis on the rocks and I could see the bartender was going to pour them in a regular martini glass with ice in it? Really? Anyway thank god a QC guy was at the bar because he gave her a big no no. Once the drink issue was over the service was spot on. Although I have to say we were ready to get up and leave because of the noise and waiting so long to get drinks in our hands.Food: Oysters were good and my food and wife's food was good. Had the oyster mix. yummy! The fired oyster with vegetable substitutes was great. If your thinking of going just know that the service isn't were needs to be yet. My guess is they are working on it. The Bar is a little slow, looks like they are training both bartenders and waiters as everyone had a shadow. The food is great so you will have a good meal but be prepared for the NOISE level. Don't go expecting not to yell during dinner.
3	Note to Lure about how to improve brunch: simply having good, all-you-can eat oysters does not make up for the weakness in your other food. The scrambled eggs tasted somewhat odd. My friend thought they might be powdered eggs, which I did not agree with, but it gives you an idea of the taste. The whole buffet was unimpressive. When we arrived the waitress said there was a selection of seafood; however, the only seafood available at the buffet was shrimp and scallops newberg, and visually it didn't look appetizing. We also asked for wheat toast, which I'd expect at brunch, and the waitress told us it wasn't part of the buffet.We also ordered bottomless mimosas. Nobody at our table could taste any champagne in our drinks.  We asked the waitress to add more champagne to the mimosa pitcher, and when she returned the pitcher looked as full as before with orange juice, and we couldn't detect any change in the taste.  If you're having brunch and advertise mimosas, then please make sure you add champagne!On the plus side, the oysters were really, really good.  If you just want to have all-you-can-eat oysters, Lure is probably a cost effective choice.  If you want more variety in terms of food, this is not the place to go for brunch.  (While almost half the seats were empty in Lure, next door at Toast there was a line waiting to get in.) The interior is beautiful, and I liked our waitress.  However, that isn't enough to keep me coming back.  Lure might be a really good dinner choice, but because I didn't care for the food at brunch (except the oysters), I'm not giving it another chance. First impressions are so important, and Lure failed in that regard.
4	Came in for brunch one day so I haven't tried the rest of the menu and I only came for one thing for brunch. Oysters. $19 for all you can eat oysters is great. The oysters were very large and filling. Definitely a great deal if you are always on the look-out for good oysters like I am. The brunch only offers the house oysters, but there is a large variety available for lunch and dinner. I'd like to try all of them.
2	Lure feels just like Cosmos but with more fish on the menu. My friend and I went on a Tuesday evening around 6:30, and the inside only had a few parties inside, which is tricky in such a large, open space, but the outside seemed a little more crowded.Our waitress, Emerald, was fun and engaging, and she was spot on with her service. That was the most noteworthy part of the whole visit.The food was okay. They were having $2 tacos, so I got a pulled pork and a BBQ chicken, and my friend got a shrimp and a traditional. She said the tacos were good but a little cold, and mine were... fine. I got wine, but she got beer, and her Triple C IPA was served in the same glass as our water, which was TINY.One last oddity to note is that they don't have a website, so the only way to see their menu, find out their hours, etc. is to go to their Facebook page, which is annoying. I'm not in any hurry to go back, and I'll honestly be surprised if they make it. If you liked Cosmos, and you like decent seafood, this is the place for you.
1	I worked here when they first opened up. I left because I couldn't stand to work for a place that takes no real pride in what they do. Beer from a bottle into a dirty glass? Not to mention the glass doesn't hold the entire beer, it leaves one sip left in the bottle! That's just weird. Management doesn't care about the guests here. The tables are too small and if you sit at a high-top, the oyster platter is literally bigger than the table. I confronted management about this issue, and once again, as usual, they just looked at me and brushed me away. I have worked for a long time in this industry and know a good restraint when I see one, this is definitely not one of them. All they care about here is lining their pockets. I can say one good thing about the place though. Most the people on bar-staff are superb, especially Ty and Hash. Oh yeah, they never paid me for the money I earned while there.
1	This.place.is.horrible.  Honestly, in my 8 years living in Charlotte, have not had a worse experience at a restaurant. The service was awful, and a lot of that had to do with the manager!!  When I received a $10 glass of wine that contained probably 3 sips of white wine, I questioned it and the waitress sent the manager over... he very condescendingly remarked that it was a "5 oz pour" and walked away.  Then, after waiting FOREVER to order and for our food, I received my salmon, and it was completely raw inside, even cold (I had ordered it medium well).  The same manager was walking by, and I told him that the fish was raw, and he took my plate away - I never saw my food again.  I looked to flag down a server and finally our waitress came back asking if she could get us "anything else" and I told her that the manager had taken my meal and never brought it back.  She had this surprised look on her face, said she would check on it, and still, 15 minutes later, she had not come back.  When she finally returned, she asked again "can I get anyone anything?" and I said, "Only my meal which you were supposed to be checking on and was never brought to me...  Just bring us the check."  She walked away, then returned to the table, and said "I'm so sorry, we'll take that salmon off the check."  Umm, you think?   Awful.  Everyone else I was with had a horrible meal too - like watery still ice cold/frozen lobster roll and  tiny plate of tacos that had flakes of dried fish in it.  Can't wait for Pearlz Oyster Bar to arrive in Stonecrest!!
4	I've been waiting for an opportunity to try this place.  I'm a big fan of the owner's other restaurants and bars.  I enjoyed the chowder and the hush puppy fried oysters.  They were great!  The oysters Rockefeller were ok but could use some work.  The decor is great and the service was top notch.  I will be back to try other menu items for sure.
1	I went here on a THURSDAY night to get dinner with my boyfriend. We dressed casual on a weekday night. We got inside and  the hostess just look at us with a additutte face. The first thing she said was do y'all want to sit outside because there's no tank top allow. Are you serious? It's was 8 at night! I'm just trying to sit down and have dinner, I don't want to sit outside! It's was humid and rainy.I didn't know this place was that "high end" where you have to dress up for oyster bar, y'all only have $$ on yelp! Will never returns!!!!!!!
5	Food was great and it's always a plus that they are kid friendly. We went with 4 adults and 4 kids ranging from 22 months to 6 yrs and we had no problems at all.
1	Will not go back! Was really looking forward to dining here and highly disappointed! Service was average...considering it was 5 in the evening and it was very slow, I feel below average.  Oysters were average and way over priced! The salad was basically lettuce pulled from a bag, thrown on a plate a few tomatoes thrown on, pickled nasty carrots and dressing that was "homemade"...several pieces of the lettuce was wilted and probably one of the worst salads I've eaten! The co2 on draught was out (Prob still is) and bartender ignored it as he watched his football game with his arms crossed most of the time! Watch numerous beers brought back by waitresses, he finally samples it and still served it KNOWING IT WAS FLAT! He just didn't care!  Finally got a glass of wine which was a waste! The pour was pitiful for $9.00!  Pour was under half of the glass and I'm referring to a SMALL chardonnay glass...hubby wanted me tom say something but just wanted to get the  hell out of there! Heard pearlz oyster bar is opening at stonecrest and if true, Lure will not make it! Never again!!!!!!!!
2	Me and the wifey finally made it to this place. We are big seafood/oyster fans and as most of you know there are few options for good oysters in CLT area. Oysters were good but way pricey. Everything else was an epic FAIL. Service was weak. Bartenders and servers were lethargic. Draft beer was flat. We sat in bar area at a hightop and watched beer after beer get returned for same reason. Bartender did nothing to adjust CO2. He was more concerned with the FSU-NCSU football game. Wife ordered glass of Chardonnay  and the pour on the wine was very weak as well. Maybe a 1/4 glass full. Other food besides oysters were disappointing. Salad was dry and looked old and tasted bland. Left at 6: 45 on Saturday evening and the place had 12 people inside. Unless late night rocks it out this place won't make it. Disappointing way to start a Saturday night. Two stars only because oysters were fresh and did taste good.
5	Finally found a seafood gem in Charlotte. You must try this place! Everything was perfect from food, service, even prices. My new fav spot. The Alaskan king crab is really good and their corn fritters are one if the best I have ever had. I suggest this place and I am ver picky.
2	I have been here 4 times now, and it is not getting any better than the first visit soon after opening - no oysters available. Really? The food is okay, the service is slow, and they just changed the rules on oysters on Saturday afternoon 1/2 price appetizers. I won't be coming back.
1	Absolutely terrible service.  Restaurant completely empty and still bad service.  Now the food, not only is the service bad but you guessed it so is the food.  So bad we left after appetizers.  I got six oysters and it took them I don't know how long to bring them.  Six, my 7 yr old could shuck six in six minutes.  We ordered clams in butter, didn't know clams could be that small.  Wife got a wedge, how do you mess up a wedge??!!  Remember restaurant still not even half full.  Should have read yelp before going.  Seriously heed my warning and others about this place.  You actually have to put in effort to be this bad.
4	Good oysters, cold drinks and great service. Makes for a wonderful date night or a day out with friends
5	Had an amazing brunch, with all you can eat oysters and bottomless mimosas. Every time I com here service and food are on point. Good job!
1	Very very disappointing. Stopped in on a Saturday night and it was not very busy. Hostess was very pre-occupied and took a while to seat us. The server Told us about the specials, one of which was a low country boil! She said that had crab and shrimp and a whole lot of other stuff that she wasn't really sure about. We  ordered some raw oysters and oysters Rockefeller for appetizers. They took a very long time and came out ten minutes apart. The oysters were very small and gritty. The Rockefeller app was only Luke warm and flavorless. We then ordered a petite filet and a lobster roll for our main courses. The petite filet was extremely petite for $27 and the lobster roll was lacking flavor, skimpy and served on a very uninspiring sub roll. If you are going to call yourself an oyster bar, you should really do them well. At $75 for a dinner for two it was NOT worth the time or money.
3	My husband and I only go to Lure on the weekends (now only Saturdays) since it is one of the only dance spots in Ballantyne with a DJ. We have never eaten here, only gotten drinks here so my review can only be for that and the atmosphere. Up until last night, I would have given the drinks/bartender 5 stars because we connected with an amazing bartender who knew his drinks, his pours, and his customers. We sadly found out last night he was no longer there, and our experience went down a notch with our drinks. For example, my Mojito was made with basil=yuck :( The crowd on a Saturday night for dancing is fun. Crowded but not overwhelming, and a good mix of ages, but usually not anyone under 25. They get DJs that play a variety of genres of music and there's plenty of dance room. Only negative is the constant fish smell... But it is an oyster bar after all. Maybe one night we'll try the food but for now we stick to the drinks and dancing.
4	My husband and I love oysters and were so excited to give this place a shot. We ordered a dozen house oysters and devoured them in no time. Our waitress recommended the green tobasco and lemon with the oysters and that hands down is now my favorite way to eat them. My husband ordered steak fries, the mahi taco, fried oyster taco, and shrimp taco. Of those three the mahi was our favorite. I ordered the tuna tacos and they were delicious!!! The mango relish was great with the tuna. The only thing I didn't like was the grilled asparagus. They were large, which I found visually appealing, but I was not a fan of the taste and won't order that again. Next to the oysters, our favorite part of our experience was actually our waitress, Arielle. From now on we will request her when we go.
5	We went here for dinner tonight and we were absolutely amazed at our entire experience. The atmosphere is very pleasant and the staff is all very friendly. We started out with the crab fondue and house oysters on the half shell. The crab fondue was phenomenal. It was full of huge chunks of crab meat and yummy cheese. The chips were good too and extra crispy. I was surprised at how meaty and high quality the house oysters were especially for $1 each. The cocktail sauce was perfect with just the right amount of horseradish.Entrees were the lobster roll with grilled asparagus and the shrimp and grits. The lobster roll was great! They gave a generous amount of lobster. The bread was garlic bread baked and then turned inside out. The asparagus had a great grilled smoky taste. The shrimp and grits had really awesome flavor to it. We loved everything so we decided we had to get dessert even though we were painfully stuffed. We got the blackberry cobbler topped with ice cream. It was absolutely delicious!! Lindsey gave phenomenal service. We plan to come back again next week!
4	BRUNCH REVIEW ONLY!Pretty sure I spent a record amount of money for brunch at this place, but overall it was worth it. Came here with 2 of my cousins when we found out that they had unlimited oysters for brunch. Coming from a city only 2 hours away from Louisiana, I'm well versed in the art of raw oysters. I arrived around noon to see the place semi-full, and proceeded to be seated by a table next to the bar (strategic purposes) ready for my feast. We ordered the unlimited oysters/brunch and the unlimited mimosas for ~$35 tax and tip, so it was pretty pricey for what we got. Here's the general experience:Normal brunch area: - Coming with our all you can eat oyster special is the actual normal brunch buffet. They have the usual eggs, sausage and gravy, fruits, etc. Somethnig I didn't expect was seafood, including a seafood papaya, which was absolutely delicious. It was filled with mussels, clams, and shrimp in rice. The sauce on the side was just what you needed to put it over the top. Great addition.The Oysters:- Really.. Just take my money... Oysters came by the dozen and were replenished in a decent time. The interesting part is you can get them steamed or grilled upon request. Personally I liked the raw oysters with some hot sauce, but to each their own. We finished 6 trays between the 3 of us, making it totally worth the price we paid (I sort of ate a little more than the other 2). Oysters were clean and big, definitely worthy of digging in your wallet. Mimosas:- Option to do unlimited. They dont jip you on the champange (why would you want half champange anyway, it makes the mimosa taste terrible). That is all.Overall, if you want to spend and like oysters, A LOT, check this place out. It's definitely worth it.
1	The atmosphere here really lost something after the change from Cosmos. It seems very drab and plain. The food is ok at best. In the weekends they turn a small portion of the place into a "dance floor".
5	I heard mixed reviews about Lure. We decided to try it out yesterday. This place has a great atmosphere. The food was delicious and service was great. I dont have anything negative to say.
1	We found a LIVE WORM on one of the dozen house oysters we ordered. I'm no oyster connoisseur but I would imagine a live worm is unacceptable? It was still wiggling on the edge of the oyster shell. I'm guessing that means it's as fresh as can be? Another thing to note is most of the oyster shells didn't look like there was any attempt to clean or scrub them before opening as they had dirt and grime all over it. All management offered was a refund on the oysters, and gave us 3 of their "premium and cleanest" oysters that they had to offer. I felt like our entire meal should have been comp'ed. Other people in our party a variety of tacos and everyone agreed that they wasn't anything special about them. Midway through our meal, they dimmed the lights and turned on some club music, but there wasn't enough people in the bar/restaurant for that type of "ambience". All in all, it is an overpriced restaurant that I think is still trying to find its identity, and please make sure you don't give people worms!
