2	I gave up in Bashas a long time ago because of service issues. I usually shop at Trader Joes but I saw that Bashas was having a sale on meat and decided to give them another chance, they disappointed again. Not only was I grossly over charged, they argued with me about it. I don't care whos fault it is or was, just make it right. Finally after about 10 minutes they refunded the difference. Grrr.. I don't think Ill be going back anytime soon.
1	The fact that Bashas is still even in business both astounds and frightens me.
1	There are so many reasons to give this Bashas only one star (or less).  My first complaint is the lack of staffing either available, or willing to help.  Rarely do they have more than one or two aisles open for checkout, and even the self service checkout is run by one of the cashiers inconveniently located at the single open checkout lane.  Therefore, anyone checking out in self service that has (1) any alcoholic beverages, (2) any coupons, (3) has to input their phone number for their Bashas "rewards" because they don't have their card with them ,(4) wants to pay by check, (5) has fruit/vegetables that don't show up on the screen as options, (6) well....you get the point - ALL have to wait for the cashier to leave their station to come re-instate your checkout after it's been frozen by the automated system.  In addition, this morning I ran into Bashas on my way to work for my staple morning Diet Coke, and EVERY lane (including all of the self checkout lanes) was roped off except one.  There were no less than 6 people in line ahead of me, all with significant groceries, and the checkout clerk (who was working at the speed of molassas) didn't call for additional assistance until 4 more people joined the line behind me.  And even then, no one came to help.  In addition to the terrible (and terribly slow) service, the location of products on occasion mystifies me.  Why is the canned tuna located in the Asian section?  Why are tortillas located at the end of the chip aisle (rather than the Mexican section?)  The don't even CARRY Truffle Oil!  The only thing I really like about this Bashas is it's cool wine chiller.  Place a room temperature bottle of wine in the chiller for no more than 4 minutes, and you're ready to join your party with a perfectly chilled Chardonnay.  That is why they get the one star I'm offering them.
2	Low on staff, with prices that can't compete with a larger Fry's or Albertsons. I wouldn't go at all, but it's easily the closest grocery store to me. Don't look for a shopping experience here, just get in, and get out and try not to inconvenience any of the staff by asking where something is located.
2	Too bad, so sad.....this smaller market chain needs to jump into high gear with employee training if they're gonna stay in the game. I like having a smaller canvas of grocery aisles sometimes....not every store needs to be SUPERsize....but this store is right down the street from a Safeway, a Wal-Mart SuperStore, and a Fry's....these stores all have way more variety and efficient systems and employees. It's just my humble opinion, but if I can get in and out of a 22-aisle market faster than a 14-aisle market, there is something worth looking into by the management.
3	In my effort to live and love local, I try to show Bashas some love since they are a locally owned chain. Everything about this Bashas is just OK. The produce, inventory and service are all par but nothing stands out. I recently bought several baked goods from this Bashas for an event. I was on the hunt for sugar cookies that Santa's little elves could decorate during a shopping crawl. They didn't have any out, so I asked the lady behind the counter. She told me they had cookies in the back for a dollar a piece. This was too high for my budget so I politely declined. Then a couple minutes later, she came back and told me they were actually on sale and only $.50, so I decided to buy them. Coincidence that I said no to cookies for a $1 and then they became 50 cents, or just oversight by the employee? Who knows.... During my visit, I also purchased some donuts. I need two dozen donuts and unfortunately they don't have donuts by the dozen pre-made so I ended up making my own. While this is good because you can choose your own, I think it would also be helpful to have pre-made dozens for those in a huge hurry (like I was that day). In summary, this Bashas is just OK, but I love supporting local so I will continue to shop here!
5	I love this place, literally go here every day. Bill is my favorite cashier, only go through his line. Seriously.
4	This location is very convenient for me relative to work, so I pop in here from time to time.  This past week was our holiday potluck and of course I forgot to prepare something, so I dropped in here to grab a few items:+ Holiday Candy *check*http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j9JiNl86XCk4BLqIo1OI8A?select=jaavUAxs8y2o3nE4fhCb4A#jaavUAxs8y2o3nE4fhCb4A+ Soda *check*http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j9JiNl86XCk4BLqIo1OI8A?select=V7bJN02gj8EjBTYzqzFqSA#V7bJN02gj8EjBTYzqzFqSA+ Cheese & Crackers *check*http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j9JiNl86XCk4BLqIo1OI8A?select=c0Xsyz4TZxQtG318ca-r_w#c0Xsyz4TZxQtG318ca-r_wIn/Out within a few minutes....saved!Return Factor - 100%
3	Convenient location and everything else is just ok.  The prices and selection are ok.  Some prices are higher than Fry's and the selection is worse.There is typically one cashier and sometimes there are two, otherwise you will need to use the self checkout.Avoid the brewed tea in the "cafe". I love China Mist tea, but all three flavors seemed like they were brewed right after coffee, terrible.
5	We use this as our 'walk up the block to get a item' place. Never stop in there before 6p.m. so this review focuses on the night people...sometimes the after 10p.m. team!Always helpfull----yea, hard to find if your in a aisle because staffing at that hour is low but, once you get someone they will go out of their way to help you.
2	This store is right near our house, so I run in often.  It's pretty lacking in the features of a grocery store:- service is terrible - the cashiers are super slow, confused and sometimes disheveled.  - the self-checkout machines have an issue just about every time.  i use these everywhere i can, typically with great success....and the attendant is usually nowhere to be found.  When they finally arrive, they're confused and slow.  - the selection is paltry - they have pretty obvious things but don't expect many brand choices, options, etc.- the prices are a bit steep, compared to bigger, nicer stores, plus they don't seem to have a lot of sale items- the produce is pretty terrible.  the guy who works in that department will cheerfully help you pick a pineapple, though.In summary, if you don't live just down the street, avoid this place.
5	Just had the best donut of my life!Precisely Filled with Custard  for the right balance, Chocolate frosted when the donut was at the right temperature, patiently proofed for maximum texture size and matrix.I have eaten donuts all over from Hamtramck to Scottsdale, filled, jellied, frosted,cake, french, new orleans, even crullers, and They have the best.Jelly Belly Joe
2	I am not a big fan of this store when compared to the next closest location on Indian School & Hayden.  While this location is the closest to my house, I tend to avoid going here. The layout is odd. It is trying to be an AJ's, I feel (Bashas' owns AJ's and Food City, as well). But it is unnecessary since there is an AJ's 2 miles away.The layout of the store is weird to me. I feel the interior aisles have no real rhyme or reason, and they do not flow logically.  The store was remodeled a few years ago and I had hope that it would feel more like other newly remodeled locations. It is dark. The middle door dumps you right in to the thick of the registers and self-checkout islands. The floral department is stuck in a far corner by the seafood, which is across from the lunch meat.  And of all the locations, I feel this staff (at least the night staff) is the least friendly. I never get eye contact or even a "hi" without saying to them first.  I think this store, the staff, and the management needs to try a heck of a lot harder.P.S. My father is a former employee of the company, lives in the neighborhood, and HE won't go to this store.
