5	Kinda new to vaping, they explained everything to me. The juice is out of this world delicious. Customer service is great. Centrally located so it is just a short drive from my work hinge and church.
5	Nice place the proprietor  was very eager to help. The only thing I can say is other shops out the you better step up you game. These guys do custom orders and what I pay for ten ml I'm getting 20 . Sorry I think I'm going to have to bring my business here from know on. Guest service is great and I look forward to seeing this place grow. The best customer service and knowledge. And no people looking at you like you going to still the place blind. You guys rock.
5	Very, very knowledgable, courteous and helpful counter person! I was veryImpressed with the variety and prices! This is the kind of small business we need to support!
5	I'm from Long Beach, out here on vacation. Searched for a well rated Vape shop and they popped up with 100% 5 star ratings. Based on my experience there, they really live up to these ratings. Welcoming atmosphere as well as the one who works there; Stephanie. Very knowledgable of the vapor world. I bought 2 juices I tried out: Mango Madness and Granny Smith apple. Great tasting juices! Whenever I come back to AZ, they're definitely my go to shop.Oh yeah, I got there close to closing time. Ended up staying past that. They were happy to help out despite the fact they were technically closed.
5	Very knowledgeable and helpful. Great people to deal with. I am new to the "Vapor World" and they had answers as quick as I had questions. Flavors are incredible. Ended up going with Butterscotch, Ice Tobacco, and Strawberry Cheesecake, Bubblegum, Devil's Brew, and Clove. I am definitely a completely satisfied customer. Thanks Hi-Tech Vapor!!!
5	I had been meaning to head into Hi-Tec Vapor for quite some time as I was eager to try their own line of liquids. And while I can't comment on any of the equipment they stock, I can say without doubt that their liquid is outrageous!!! I've gone the past few Saturdays and the owner, who makes all the juices himself has been in and was very eager to get feedback on the flavors as he happily doled out sample after sample. Peach, cantaloupe, lime and honeydew have become must haves at all times in my rapidly expanding arsenal. The other thing I absolutely love about this joint are the punch cards...buy five bottles, get five stamps, and the sixth bottle is free!So if you vape through their tasty concoctions as quickly as I do, this is a pretty sweet deal. With an ever growing flavor line of in-house juices, a simple sampling system, and frequent buyer cards, Hi-Tec Vapor is worth checking out no matter where you're located
5	I used to go to Zikwid Lounge for all of my vape needs. Then a friend referred me to Hi-Tec Vapor. The products are great and for a third of the price! The juices are flavorful and twice the size for the same price.  Great people! I am recommending Hi-Tech to everyone I know!! I like them so much I took a box of business cards to pass around at my bar!
5	This place is awesome! Friendly knowledgeble staff, great juices to sample and above all LOW prices!!!! I'm new to vaping but I feel lucky to have already found my local juice store and e cig supplier. Easy online ordering with low to free shipping or stop in and have some great samples and chat.
5	Went into Hi Tec Vapor today to buy a start up kit. They were very knowledgeable, friendly and helpful. I had a million questions and they patiently answer them all, showed me everything I need to know. I was referred to another store by a friend but did some checking around online and found Hi Tech Vapor had a comprehensive website, selection and super prices! $10 dollar 20ml juices! Huge selection of flavors. Their prices are great. I got a start up kit with 2 atomizers, charger, mixing/filling bottle for $60.00. Also bought a little hard case to carry it so it wouldn't get beaten up or leak in my purse. Very pleased with my purchase and experience. Will be a loyal customer and recommend them to anyone who is looking to start vaping or find affordable juices.
5	I'm from San Diego and I go to phoenix every other weekend and I always stop by here to buy some juice. They have great selection of juices here and the staff are very friendly and helpful.
5	This is my go to vape shop. Everyone is kind, helpful and knowledgeable. Also has the best selection, best quality and best price! Come check them out!
5	This is the only place to go for vaping. Great staff, great prices and tons of flavors. Stephanie helped my wife and I when we came in to switch from cigarettes to vaping for the first time. She didn't try to over sell us but instead hooked us up with what we needed to try it out. They formulate their own juice and add new flavors by recommendation all the time. I've tried other places closer to home but I was very disappointed. We love vaping now and we drive 15 miles to get everything we need here.
2	Unfortunately I won't be able to give a 5-star review. I came in a couple of days ago and the atmosphere inside surprised me. Right when I walked in, the first thing I noticed was the bright blue paint on all of the walls. I don't know if this is supposed to provide some psychological effect on customers, but I definitely didn't enjoy it. The blue on the walls made me feel tense and not relaxed.Once inside, I walked near the counter to try and see what products they had and what their layout was. I wasn't greeted at all from anyone for at least five to ten minutes, which is odd because I'm pretty positive that some of the employees were vaping on couch in there. Only after some time did an employee ask if I had been helped yet - I responded that no I hadn't, at which time he immediately started helping me through the whole process. Now, I'm completely new at vaping and this employee was very helpful. I noticed it was kind of difficult to see inside the glass display area; there is a light directly above it that produces some nasty glare. Nonetheless the associate recommended I get the Ego c-twist kit. After testing it out I decided to purchase it, in fact it works really well.After deciding on the vape, the associate started helping me on what flavors I should choose - I must say their flavors are the best I've ever tried! Their mountain dew flavors are totally bomb so I give them props on that.Unfortunately though I just found out that they sold me two knock off eGo-C Twist vapes. Technically the box doesn't say Joyetech (the official brand for eGo-C Twist) but it clearly is a knock off version of it, you can tell because it doesn't have the Joyetech logo on the bottom. Now this wouldn't have bothered me very much if they would have made known to me that I was buying a knock off product, but they didn't. So there you have it, my first experience at Hi-Tec VaporIn conclusion, I give this store two stars. I don't give out 5 stars unless something about the business blows my mind. My breakdown is as follows: Starting at 4 stars:-1 star - customer service was lacking in the beginning.-1 star - atmosphere wasn't pleasant.-1 star - sold me a knock off brand, didn't even let me know.+1 star - awesome flavorsTotal = 2 stars.As always, I'll update my review the next time I'm in there. Hopefully the experience will be better.
3	UPDATE: In my previous review I subtracted a star because I thought they sold me a joyetech knock off product. After doing some research, it seems like it would be a categorically incorrect statement to say "knock-off joyetech products". If you're interested in seeing why, feel free to ask yourself, what's to say joyetechs products aren't knock offs; or google this term: "joyetech - they aren't the e-cigareet manufacturer you think they are". Whether or not I'm right, I'm not in a place to actually say they sold me a knock off. Because of that I'm giving them a star back.
5	I've been here two times so far, both times I've been greeted as soon as I walk in. There e-juice is awesme so far I try the juic-E-fruit and bopping blueberry both are very good. They have a good selection of vaping products. I went In today to get a replacement part for my evod tank, the guy I talk to was very knowledgeable and friendly. He even took the time to show me all the different mods and stuff. This is my new spot for all of my vaping needs.
2	As an avid costomer of Butt Out and also after seeing the good reviews I went to check this place out. I walked in and was greeted by two ladies once of witch did not even no what size carto went in my tank (i had to correct her) the other woman was very nice. The older gentleman who im presuming is either the owner or manager showed an overall disinterest in me and my money. It was very off putting. The only reason im giving this review two stars is because I was hungry and they had a vending machine inside.
3	Very very friendly ppl that work there and helpful!
3	It's ok. Nothing special. Lots of accessories. Reasonable price. The juices are not good at all.
2	honestly i had high hopes for this place after seeing all the positive reviews. "tons of different flavors" "great customer service". when i told them i was interested in some new e juice i was basically left to sample juices at a juice bar comparable to the Halloween isle at walmart. leaking tanks, fried coils, dry tanks. the cashier seemed as unenthusiastic as i was to hear i only found one flavor i liked (or i was willing to spend my money on to actually taste). they use RE USED TIPS FOR TRYING FLAVORS... seeing as how there is no real regulation on the cleanliness of something like this yet, as in the food industry, this was off putting in itself. every other place i have ever been always used disposable tips for sampling.  i ended up getting a flavor that after i got to try in my own device, was actually not bad. the way hi tec vapor is having the juice sampled is not doing the flavor justice.  alot of them i think would taste great in an RBA. they offered no drip/RBA sampling of flavors (i also did not ask). i noticed alot of their flavors also taste very similar. im not here to bash them or kiss ass, im just reviewing honestly. this place is a long way from five stars for me especially when there are such great shops within a few mile radius. i always try a second time but upon first impressions i was very disappointed in everything but juice pricing really. this place just seems as if they survive by recruiting naive new customers who dont have much to compare them to. go to Vape Shop AZ. leave happy.
5	This is my goto shop. The employees are knowledgable and the shop is clean, relaxed and fun. The juice is top notch and I am addicted to the Swedish Fish. Try them all at the tasting station.
5	Love this place. Not only because their juice is delicious and well priced but because their service is top notch. The staff is highly knowledgable and extremely helpful.  Don't let the neighborhood scare you off.
3	Seems like a great place....people were friendly over email n got back to me within a few days of my email..... Now shipping....ehhhhhhhhhh maybe not so much........, I ordered something Monday afternoon an I'm still waiting on the package to finally be shipped.... a week later I'm only assuming they are a smaller business who doesn't ship much out An I only say this cause I work for ups n I know how it goes with shipping n how long it should take if a product is available, so it's either because they don't care or because there just lazy...  An this is the reason I gave them a mere 2 stars I'm at the point of canceling my order an buying else where. I don't think I'll re order from this business again Sorry not sorry
1	Kept selling coils that never fit my tank. Kept telling this brand no longer exist blah blah blah. Juices are over priced. Horrible product knowledge. Never going back
1	Terrible customer service!  Ive had several problems with these guys in the past, and they never follow through as promised!  Very unorganized and unprofessional.   They have somehow lost 2 of my online orders now, and after being told they would sort it out and get back to me, after a month still no response and they are now ignoring my emails. Very disappointed.  Way to lose a faithful customer idiots!
5	So I just noticed that everytime I wanna buy justice I go to this place,  so it's time to review it,  I just bought 100mil justice today of my favorite justice for $40 and I got free 15mil with it so 115mil for 40$ it's. Not too bad or too good,  but it will take me a while to finish it,  their justice are good, and they are so close to my house,  driving is like 5 mints only,  the customer service is really great because I've seen it improved with time, and it's getting better, I also bought ipv 3 from there and I love it never had a problem with it, and I also used to buy too many things from them when I started and never got something bad as some reviews are saying at least with my experience, it's important to have a good knowledge about Vaping before you review a vaping shop so some t reviews here are actually not accurate,  I give it 5 stars for being available all time and close to my house, and having some good justice and good customer service I still wish if they drop the prices on justice just a little
