5	After I moved to AZ from NY it took me months to find the BEST nail salon in town. Allure is top notch. The salon is immaculate and the staff are all very nice. Nina and Andy the owners are extremely accommodating and the atmosphere is always pleasant. When it comes to my nails I'm a tough critic and Allure has passed the test with flying colors!
3	I know this place is popular, due to the fact they are usually busy, and you MUST have an appointment! BUT, I find it to be just mediocre. Not impressed.
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed Allure yet!  I've been coming here since the first week I moved to AZ 31/2 years ago... Clean, professional, and conveniently located, I am a big fan of this place.Rose takes good care of my feet and I always see her for my pedicures.  This may be TMI, but since I'm so active, I get ingrown toenails and even lose toenails on occasion and she knows just how to make my feet look as pretty as possible!I've been going to Michelle lately for my gel nails and she does a really good job and puts enough whites so that I only have to get my nails done every 3-4 weeks; i get a ton of compliments on my nails!The owners, Nina and Andy, are always friendly and if I have an appointment and my technician is running late, they are great about calling ahead of time to give a heads up!  The only negative is that they don't accept AmEx for payment - so come with cash or Visa/Mastercard and you'll be fine.I'm sure I'll continue to go to Allure even if it means driving the extra distance... check them out if you are in need of a mani/pedi!
4	After moving here, I was concerned with finding a pleasant, clean nail salon that would not break the bank. Allure is my answer. While there are not a lot of frills, the store is always clean and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. This is what really elevates this salon - come here a few times and they treat you like an old friend. Also, they are open late (until 7 PM most days), so you can swing by after work for services, and they have even stayed late so I could get a fill finished for a major event. Appointments are not necessary but are recommended.
2	I was just at this salon yesterday and I was not impressed. I live in FHills but shop in Scottsdale and because they are open a bit longer than salons in FHills, I went. I called to see if they would accept competitors coupons and they said yes- NOT TRUE. First off, the colors were outdated and looked watered down. The water in the tub was luke warm. Since I was new, I requested a plain pedicure and was charged $25. I gave her the Cindy and Danny's spa pedicure coupon for $19 and the woman owner said that they only accept the discount equivalent to what their coupon is at $22. For that money minus tip, I could have gotten a mint scrub, hot towel massage and beautiful colors. We are in a recession, if they think that they have a such a superior service to offer for a foot bath with clipped toenails and paint, I'd rather give the money and tip to a salon that really appreciates my business and wants me to come back.
5	Since it's been almost a full year since my initial review for Allure, and since I've probably dropped about $600 or more at this local business since then, I think it's about time for an update!I continue to drive out of my way to go to Allure (specifically Michelle and Rose although I've also trusted Nina, Richie, Lindsay, and Jen when in a bind) for my mani / pedis.  I always get compliments on my nails.  They are gel on my real nails but oh so much prettier and last oh so much longer than regular manis.  I keep them short so I can type, lift weights, etc...If you're looking for a mani and/or pedi, give Allure a call.  And if you need proof before doing so, check out my nails next time you see me :)
4	I haven't had my nails done here-yet but I go for my eyebrow waxing. I always ask for Jen-she does an amazing job on my brows. I have barely-there brows and a lot of other places i've been to make them way too thin. I like the natural full eyebrow look and Jen listens to me and keeps them natural and clean. She's quick and I'm out the door with perfect arches in 5 minutes. I just wish that she would add eye brow tinting to her services so that is why I gave 4 stars instead of 5.
5	Tried 5 nail salons since moving here..most 1 try and never again. Then I tried Allure Nails & Tan. They are the best. The entire shop is clean, the mani/pedi staff are really customer oriented. Everyone here is smiling, like what they do and treat the customers well. I was a bit on a time line and Mimi and Richie did a great job. I wasn't rushed and I still made my next appointment. My nails look great. I have naturally hard nails and like my cuticles pushed not cut and my nails squared. Exactly how I like them.This place is the best!
5	Allure is awesome! The salon is always clean, the staff is friendly, and their prices are reasonable. I live about 15 miles from Allure, but make the drive there whenever I want my nails done or need a wax because nobody else does as good of a job as Allure. Get your eyebrows waxed by Jen! I've been going to her for 2 years and she's the only person I trust with my brows. She does a great job, keeps them full & natural looking, but cleans them up nicely.Also: Bring cash to tip because you can't write in a tip on your credit card receipt!
5	This place was great. I needed a pedi so badly, plus I have been very busy and stressed that this one hour was well overdue. Very clean, nice staff, wonderful experience. Seriously the BEST pedicure I have ever had. Will for sure go back!
1	Just received a French manicure and it was the worst one I have ever gotten. She did not stay with the contour of the natural nail, she globbed on thick, old polish and did a terrible job. I do NOT recommend this place at all.
5	Not everyday I splurge on getting my nails done, but when I do expect the best and boy did Allure nails deliver!!  I walked in on a Sunday, without an appointment and only had to wait 5 minutes, even though it was packed! I got a gel manicure and he took the time to make sure my nails came out nothing short of perfect!! My nails look glamorous :) Prices were great too and the store was very clean and modern.
1	I have been going to this salon for years and had a horrific experience last week. The customer service was the worst I have ever received. Nancy is classless and has no business being in the customer service industry. I never post on these sites but feel strongly about my horrible experience I had to send a note and make people aware. If I could give zero stars I would. If you use this salon at least do yourself the favor of avoiding nancy. So disappointed.
5	I have been a regular at this nail salon for a couple of years and I love this place. The prices are very reasonable and they do great work. My favorite techs are Helen and Ryan. They are both awesome to talk to and do great work. One thing to keep in mind is this place only accepts cash tips. So please bring some cash so you can tip the tech that did a great job on your hands or feet.
1	I will never return to this nail place!I got a gel manicure and a pedicure last Friday. The gel manicure did not even last 2 days. The thumb nail on my right hand chipped. I went back in that Monday to have it repaired, they seemed very put out to have to fix the chip. I was seated about 5 mins later the nail tech looked at my thumb and the rest of my fingers noticed all the tips were not polished and that was likely causing the chip. The tech filed the thumb and then placed the black gel over the filed area. Then had me place my hand under the light. She was about to place the top coat when I pointed out that the nail was now uneven so she placed another coat of the black gel in the area. After the light cured that coat, the top coat was applied to that nail and the rest of my nails. I was sent on my way. That repair lasted one day. That same nail chipped the following day and the additional top coat started peeling 3 days later. It has now been a week since I had the gel manicure and they look terrible! I have no complaints about the pedicure it was satisfactory. When I spend $70 on a manicure and pedicure I expect it should last the 2-3 weeks it normally does, not days!
2	I've had better! After she finished with my nails, the girl put my shoes on and did not even told me to stay to get my nail polish dried up. They were having lots of customers and more coming. So One of my nails got messed up. The quality of The work is not the greatest. I've had better service before for less amount of money. By the way, she did a good job on my eye brows. Also, the front desk gentleman was very helpful.
3	I would do 2 reviews, but I'll keep in all in one. First time I went here about April, my coworker had a mani-pedi party for all her clients that give her business and I was invited. The young girl who did my toenails (I think the owners daughter) did an AWESOME job! The gentleman who did my gel manicure was also excellent and very professional. He seemed to take pride in his job. They would have got a 10. About a month later I went to a place close to my house and they were horrible. So today, less then an hour ago, I decided to go back to Allure, because I was happy the first time. I had a the same ting done plus an eyebrow wax. The Eyebrow wax was excellent. She captured all the hairs in the wax and there was no need to pluck. I was very pleased!My nails on the other hand were just flat out sloppy. I could do better. Nail polish was on my nail beds, gel was on my finger tips, the gel was NOT smooth  AT ALL and looked lumpy. I even had the tech do over 3 of the nails because there was "wrinkles" she called it.  Sorry to put the shop on blast. But I would not recommend a friend because what if they get the bad nail techs. They get a 1 for todays visit only cause the eyebrow chick saved em.What also sucks is that I wasted my lunch break for this. I thought my toes would have been dry since I waited at least another 20-25 after they were done with the toes to finish the nails, then redo 3 nails get the eyebrows waxed, and I put my work shoes back on and NO they weren't dry. So I will be going some where else to get them fixed. What a waist of money... Maybe that's my fault. But after $75 paid for everything including tip I just don't feel good. I would give a 2.5 stars but that's not possible. If you go here just watch and make sure it looks good while they are doing it and for sure before you leave.This should definitely be a training opportunity.
5	Loved the setting and service. Nicole did my mani, she was friendly and talkative which i like to convere with people and i cant remember who did my pedi but Wow it was great. Loved the massage it wasnt rushed and she did a beautiful nail art design. My 3 year old loved it and begged me to get her toes done. So we went back the next day :)
1	I came here to. get a full set and a pedicure. My acrylics cracked on 4 of my nails within the first week. My pointer finger nail completely came off also in the first 5 days! They did not cut my cuticles and obviously did not sand my nails down enough for the acrylic to stick. I spent over 150$ and got the worst nail job I've ever gotten. I've been getting my nails done for over 6 years now. Go to infinity on greenway and 7th street. Don't waste your money on this over priced low quality salon.
5	While I was visiting my family in Arizona, I went to get a mani-pedi. The salon was exceptionally clean, beautiful, and had a nice atmosphere to it. The worker I had, Biana, was meticulous and pleasant. She took her time and did not rush me whatsoever. The prices were reasonable-- the mani-pedi combo was only $40! I will definitely return if I visit family again. I highly recommend this salon!
1	Not very happy, overall quality of service was mediocre. I haven't had a pedicure in months. Today was the day I chose to treat myself and splurge the money. Front desk receptionist charged the wrong amount to my card. When I asked him to please not run the card twice, he didn't listen and now I have two charges to my account. He apologized but didn't offer any resolution nor copies of my receipt. I now need to take it up with my bank.
4	My husband and I were in town for the weekend and decided to stop in. I desperately needed a pedicure and an eyebrow wax - yikes! We came in and were pleasantly surprised to see an actual front desk person. She got us seated in a pedicure chair really quickly and we were helped super fast (on a busy Friday afternoon). My husband loved how much attention was placed on the hygiene/sterilization of everything (plastic liners in the basin, instruments from a sterile package, gloves, all new files, etc...) when compared to other places in NM we've been to. They have different levels of pricing based on how many bells and whistles you want - starting at $25 for pedicure. I think for my pedicure, eyebrow and lip wax it was $52. My nail tech was uber unfriendly but I wasn't there to make friends so I dealt. This place is clean, fast, reasonably priced and did a good job on the services we needed. We would come back if we were in this area again.
5	Love Allure nails! I've been a regular now for about 4 months. Really friendly, clean, and great nail technicians!
4	This place was so-so. The foot massage for the pedicure was wonderful, I swear it lasted 20 minutes. My feet look great, but my nails look okay. I would come back, but I will also compare other places. I did like how they had a wide range of seats and nail polish. Also, their nail Polish was displayed by colors which was wonderful.
1	I would not spend my money to get anything done here. My nails chipped within 2 hours and toes 5 days. Went back for a touch up and they were not helpful. The color was no longer there. They would not help find and did not offer to switch colors. Said I needed to pay for a polish change. Rude and not great with customer service. Recommend going somewhere else.
1	Absolutely horrible experience after MANY positive experiences.  I am not sure if they changed ownership, but I could have arguably just had the worst pedicure/manicure of my life.  If you are going to do a bad job because you do not have a lot skill, that is one thing, but my tech could have cared less about doing a good job.  LAZY, expensive and we waited almost 30 minutes just to get in.  This will be my last time here.
2	not very good. my lip wax, eyebrows, and gel manicure came up to be 50 dollars.i felt like the staff was lazy. will be going to maiyas instead of this place.my nails dont even look thatgood either.
