5	I am ensuring that this business is added to yelp so that I can give them a good review. This is a young and hungry business started by two brothers who go above and beyond and back again to do the job and do it well!  I would not hesitate to recommend them to anyone. My story with this business:  I recently moved into a rental house bringing just a dryer with me, as I'd left my rickety washer behind prior to the interstate move. I picked out a used washer online from Apex's site, and one of the brothers went out of his way to bring the washer over to install on his day off so that I would have it ASAP. We hit a couple of snags, though, in that the vent on the wall was not connected, and had been blowing lint into the wall (previous tenant). John stated that I needed to contact the property management company to have it repaired, as it would not be safe for him to install it as it was--a very ethical position, which I really appreciated. When he came back out after the repair was done, it turned out the washer I had chosen wouldn't fit into the very narrow laundry space in the house! John kindly went back to search the inventory at his store and measure  everything, then called with a selection of products they had that would fit my space. I chose to purchase a new washer/dryer set, and he took my old dryer and then gave me a nice discount  for it. Then came the part where they had to fit the washer and dryer set into the small space. It was a very tricky job that required both brothers, and this was the 3rd trip they'd had to make to the house. They got the job done, and remained very kind and friendly and helpful throughout what had to have been an exasperating experience for them.  Being new in town and under the gun with a new job and all the other settling in pressures, I really appreciated their kind and even keeled persistence. They seemed to have good prices on well-repaired products, and they offer a 90-day warranty on their used appliances, which you're not going to get when you buy an appliance on craigslist. Based on my experiences with these gentlemen, I give this business my highest recommendation.
5	Normally I would avoid a mom & pop used appliance business but on Feb 3 I drove down to Phoenix from Flagstaff to see a stove here because they got such a great review from Krista. I was not disappointed. This business is run by two sons and their mom. The sons are quietly competent while the mom is friendly, talks to you like she's known you for years, like a neighbor would. She recommends appliances as your mom would, i.e. "it has this cool feature or has a good reputation for that." The vibe she puts out is that her sons have found good used appliances and they will take care of any problems so you just have to decide what features you want.  And I've found that they will actually stand behind their stuff. For 30 days they will come fix anything that goes wrong (if you're in Phoenix). I am up in Flagstaff so I had concerns about that. When I installed the stove I purchased, everything worked but the baking. It won't keep the temperature. I troubleshooted for 2 days so I could tell them exactly what was wrong, then called to see what they would do long distance. They listened, discussed offline, called me back promptly and will send me the part they think is the problem. I am pretty good with a screwdriver so I look forward to receiving the part in 2 to 14 days.  They said if this part doesn't work, they will send the next possibility and so on till the oven works.  Now that's support! I will edit my review to 5 stars if this works out. If it goes sour, I will edit correspondingly. So far, this company is a shining example of good business. BTW, the receipts and credit cards are accepted and delivered via cell phone, like your hairdresser, which I'm cool with. march 22nd I returned the stove. everything worked on the stove except the oven would not reach or stay on the set temperature. Apex sent me a new sensor then a new igniter (which they would have brought and replaced for free if I lived in Phoenix) but to no avail :0(  When I was sure the oven just wouldn't work my father-in-law died and I had to fly to east coast for 3 weeks, yet they honored their return policy and they even offered to meet me half way between Flagstaff and Phoenix to return it but I had to come down to Phoenix anyway. So, I hold no ill will towards Apex. Just didn't work out. If I lived in Phoenix, I would have tried a different stove and bought a refrigerator. Oh well :0)
5	I needed to buy a fridge ASAP and stopped at many stores, none of which were nearly as friendly and helpful as Apex. They luckily had exactly the fridge I needed, and for an amazing price. They even delivered and set it up the same day, and took away my old fridge. The Mom and her two twins who run the place are amazing and honest people.. I would check out what they have first before stopping anywhere else.. they'd love to help you.
5	The folks at Apex salvaged a very disappointing day.  I had a new dryer delivered this morning that was too big for my space. The delivery techs were already gone.  After much finagling and fussing and a few frustrated tears (during which I knocked a hose off my washer, flooding the laundry room) I got the new one out of the way and drove to Apex.  Should have made them my first stop.  They had a few to choose from, the prices were unbeatable, and they were very helpful in explaining how to best fit.  The son delivered, installed, took away the old (broken) one, and even got my washer back together within the hour.  Turns out we're neighbors so I'm confident they know what will work in my old house.  Unless I can afford a total remodel, from now on, I'll check with Apex Used Appliances before making any new purchases.
5	Great Prices , Great Service and a pleasure to do business with . Don't buy an appliance without checking out Apex  .
