3	Here's a quick one.  Burger King? Ok.. Drive-thru? A little slow. Flame-broiled? Sometimes. Microwaved? Right in front of you. Napkins? Just one. Anything special? Yeah, its on Cheyenne & Rainbow.Here's some advice, to avoid the microwave effect and get actual flame-broiled meat, ask for no cheese. On the buck doubles at least. Works everytime for me!
3	One time while I was here while ordering inside, the cashier stopped taking my friends order while he was talking, just to answer her cell phone and spoke for a good 90 seconds.  Even after his jaw dropped, she didn't break character and acted like it wasn't a big deal.Luckily I don't expect any customer service going here, I just thought that was hysterical when it happened.  Overall though, very consistent, I love the food (well, it's a good value), and they are fast.No real problems here, A-OK in my book.  Just make sure none of the workers have to make a call or have a call coming in.
5	Very nice morning crew. Was very helpful and pleasant with me since it was taking me so long to figure out what I wanted (im a mcdonalds breakfast guy) well done Burger king well done. But I did forget the cina rolls. I guess I will have to go back tomorrow.
2	What a poor experience I had at the BK location.  I admit that I am not the biggest supporter of the King.  I am more of a McD's guy myself.  But when BK has something that catches my eye like a special sale or a new item, I check it out.  This is what happened the other day.  They were offering the Original Chicken Sandwich for just $1.04.  The price was right but the food was all wrong.  The chicken was over cooked and taste burnt.  It had become chewy after sitting under the heat lamps for a while.  The lettuce was barely there and very wilted.  The mayo was and the verge of being bad.  I had to add pickle relish to the sandwich to make it edible.  And my disapointment does not end there.  I also ordered the new sweet potato fries.  Horrible.  I only ate them becauase they cost $1.89 and I am not in the habit of throwing that down the drain.  The fries were over cooked, soggy, and chewey and rather tastless.  Just sort of starchy.  They could have used a little salt which, coming from me, says a lot.  I rarely require salt on anything.  I have been to this BK location before and I'll likely come back again based on nothing more than convenience.  It is close and sometimes a Whopper or a double cheese burger sounds good.  It is far from being my first choice.
4	So excited about a major fast-food chain having a good veggie burger!  Presenting the MorningStar farms veggie patty, not the yucky fake-beef tasting patties, ahem, Boca, such as Fat Burger and sever other places serve. A little over-cooked (hard around the edges) but I'm so psyched that I can grab something on-the-go that is standard on the menu.  Kudos to BK for leading the industry in offering VEGETABLE patty sandwiches on-the-go.
1	This was as bad as it gets.  I waited in the drive through that evening for 5 minutes before driving up to the window.  I assumed there was something wrong with the speaker or mike.  When I got to the window there was 2 guys chatting with each other and very loud music playing inside.  I sat there for about 3 minutes while being completely ignored.  I finally left.  I promise I will never go through that drive through again.
