5	I love how this is listed as "women's clothing". I could spend thousands in minutes at this place.
2	I'm sure I'll catch a lot of flack for this review but that means very little to me.  What I love about Yelp is that one has the freedom (so long as you keep it clean) to write whatever you want about a person, place, or thing.  Some people take offense to a review and they'll let you know about.  But I like that.  I like to stir the pot.I've always thought of Express as the outlet store for Guess.  They haven't done anything to sway my opinion in the last 12 years and after one visit I've yet to find fault in my logic.  I used to shop at Express in my early 20's.  At that time, it reminded me of grown-up guido clothes.  Mind you, I thought Timberland boots, a pair of Hilfiger khakis, and a Polo sweater was GQ.I haven't been inside of an Express to shop for myself in years.  But this time I was on vacation so I thought of giving Express a shot.  Same terrible clothes, only now they make terrible t-shirts.  70% off selected items?  Even if it was free, I wouldn't wear it.  Yuck.On the bright side, their associates provided great customer service.  I may have been approached by the manager or assistant manager.  He was informative but not overbearing and he kept the sale floor immaculate.But it's still Express...
1	They've moved... Thanks for the heads up???
1	I've been to this location twice in search for work shirts in specific color and style. Both times I've been beyond disappointed with service. For once I wish I remembered to save my receipt for my first purchase and checked to see if I could do a survey online or phone to voice my opinion on how mad I was when the girl who had just started gve me complete wrong information and the second time the manager I'm assuming who was short and had long black hair had me so confused and just looked at me the whole time like I was stupid. I hope the district managers or something reads the yelp reviews and does something to fix their employees brains somehow and gets some knowledge on their damn products. I've never been to a store of such a higher quality material and left so baffled and astounded by their lack of knowledge. I dare anyone to ask the staff at this location if they have any idea what any products online might be. They will give you that dumbfounded look where they just stand there for minutes where you basically have to tell them never mind ill figure it out on my own like I did. Geezus. Never again will I go to this location unless they get a grip on their stuff.
5	My new favorite clothing shop. This place has my style clothes for work and personal life. Kristin is the most amazing sales person I've ever had, making sure I reap every single benefit while there. I come home with a huge bag of clothing and accessories every time and it does little to my pocket book. ****ask for Kristin!
