2	It took forever for me to get help from an employee.  Once someone did come to assist me, they had to go and ask another employee for assistance.  I just gave up and bought the few things I had already found on my own and left.
5	I think they ramped up the customer service. There were people there left and right ready and willing to help. I was asked about 4 times in less then 1 hour. The garden guy, in the wheel chair, has got to be the most knowledgeable dude ever. 15 year hes has been there. He recommended some flowers and man... he was spot on. The wife loved the look.
4	Overall just your typical HD, on the ++ Side their appliance staff was really knowledgeable and helpful
4	For a large store, I have always had excellent service.
4	For my views on going to Home Depot on a whole see review of Thomas road...but in brief it is largely about the people.I specifically come to this HD for John in Millworks.   He is willing to talk through options, build up several different doors on their system which does not seem all that efficient, just so i can price all the different brands, in multiple different styles and ultimately save $4...I've gone through this process with other associates at other HD stores and I found they wanted me to buy the first door they tediously virtually built.   So good experiences with John have kept me coming back.  Since I don't know John's schedule  I have worked with JC a couple of times and also found him helpful.The only problem with this store seems to be customer service crew...which on special orders like doors and windows I ALWAYS have to deal with.  They have never impressed me, which is unfortunate.
5	This store has some excellent customer service.  I've been going here for years and always get asked several times if I need help.  I'm a needy kind of person, lol. So I know  I  will get  some great advise when I go here.  In this day in age with service it's nice to know where I can find some awesome assistance.  Don't forget to ring the bell when going out the door, they have that up there to tell the employee's they were helpful and you were happy with your service. :)
5	Even the guy that answers the phone is helpful and pleasant!  People must enjoy their jobs here because the employees all seem happy, helpful, and are willing to answer questions.  And the cashiers even know where to send you to find items you are looking for!  Nice!
5	Customer Service at the front desk (2 gals) and manager (a male) were awesome!  I was dreading going back to do a return and they made my day!  I will go out of my way to give this Home Depot business even though a few other stores are closer.
5	I went in today to look for some wood to make some picture frames for a Christmas project. I was a little clueless about what size to get and what would be the most cost effective, and I was greeted by two awesome employees. This Yelp is a shout out to Reyes and Jerry in the lumber department - y'all were absolutely wonderful! You took your time with me to make sure  I got the wood I needed and cut to the correct sizes. I asked a lot of questions and was quite indecisive, but you two were super patient. Thank you both so much! Y'all made the commercials with the super friendly employees REAL! Charlotte
5	Sod for Sicily's potty box. Green side up!
4	I love coming to this home depot!  It's not to far from home, and they have an awesome nursery. I've come here for a variety of things over the past year, and most times, I can find it.  The store is laid out like every other home depot, with just about all the same products you can think of. Lumbar, paint, hardware, etc.I've done a lot of shopping at their nursery, and the plant selection is quite nice.  They have a lot of annuals, but could probably step up their perennial selection plant wise. They have a huge selection of dirt for planters and gardens, buckets, planters and all kinds of gardening tools.Inside they have tons of stuff to choose from.  If I have a problem finding something or need help, I can grab someone in an orange apron to help me figure it out. Staff is really friendly and helpful, which is great.I will say, the downside is that if you come here in a Saturday afternoon, sometimes it can be crazy.  I don't mind the crazy atmosphere, but sometimes its hard to find help if you have questions.  Even though the staff is friendly and helpful, they seemed to be shorthanded sometimes, which can prove frustrating.Here's an example, but it's happened more then once to me.  I was in the nursery last summer and had questions about some plants.  It was busy and I was trying to get assistance to figure out what plant would do better on my patio.  I asked the register girl (who was working in the nursery) and she said she didn't know that much about plants, and needed to call someone to help me.  The guy came out, but ended up helping 3 other people and never got around to helping me.  I stood there for 20 minutes with my plants thinking he was going to come back until the register girl asked if I had gotten the help I needed.  When I said no, the guy came back out, apologized and assisted me with my plant questions.Was it resolved? Yea.  But this has happened to me more then once. I think they may just need to hire more people, especially for help. I mean, the staff is friendly and knowledgeable for the most part, but when its crazy, it can be hard to get in and out of the store quickly especially when its 110 degrees and you are roasting.Overall, I'm satisfied with coming here and really enjoy shopping here.
1	The tool rental manager was not the friendliest person there!  Terrible experience definitely not coming here again...
1	Horrible experience renting tools at this Home Depot.  The manager in the tool rental department there seems like she's just sooooo unhappy working there or seems like she was forced to go work. It isn't from just going there once but twice I've experience bad customer service.  The first time was renting some tools and the second while returning them. I'm sure never coming here. Its sad to see that she was giving this client a real bad time because of the color of his skin!  Ignorance!!!  I felt terribly bad that I suggested the client to go to enterprise or another place to rent a truck.  This manager will remember me by the personal who rented the "pool pump". You were extremely professional and unclear about the fees and the deposits.
4	Everything you need to improve your home under one roof! This is also a great place to by gifts for those men in your life. Being a women and walking in-to a store like this can be a little over whelming, but the staff that works here makes sure to answer all your question and makes you feel like you can accomplish anything! I love home depot and their helpful staff- A+
5	We were lost looking for a bunch of stuff and the staff was friendly asking us if we needed help, however the best one that stood out the most was Jeff #468 he was awesome, he helped us out a whole lot! People that take the time to go above and beyond deserves recognition. If you ever come here he works in electrical and just say hey man you are awesome! Thanks Jeff!
4	Easy location to get in & out of off the I-17 & Thunderbird. Always seem to have an abundance of staff available to help. Near several other businesses that I frequent so that makes it even better.
5	I needed a moving truck in order to relocate to the Bay Area. I am a cancer patient, and had to be with my children and grandchildren in order to receive the care, love and support I require to heal from the trauma in my body. I was doing this by myself, and still trying to find a way to load a truck, drive it, etc.I phoned the corporate office and requested their help in finding a location where they could pick me up and take me to the store to rent a truck. I told them my circumstance, that I had undergone bilateral mastectomies just weeks before. They gave me two phone numbers to call. The first, a self-storage, told me that they could not help me and hung up. The second, which was The Home Depot store #468, was so much more helpful. The associate I spoke with connected me with the manager, Dawn, who told me she would be more than happy to help me out.The day before I was to pick up the truck Dawn phoned me. She told me that she was going to deliver the truck to my house, and then she asked 'What if I bring some people with me to load the truck for you?' Oh my goodness! I was overcome with such profound feelings of gratitude. The truck was delivered the next day by Dawn and her crew. They all pitched in to load the truck! They even gave me hugs, told me that they would be praying for me and wishing me a safe journey!I recommend this Home Depot store to anyone who is in need of any help whatsoever!Susan Isabella Sheehan
1	I came to this location at about 7:30 on a Sunday. I was looking to purchase two power tools, and accessories to help me complete a project.I found an employee and asked to check stock on the two items, both of which they had (2 of each.)While the employee was looking, he got distracted by two women looking for have a key made. This apparently caused him to completely lose focus and forget he was supposed to be helping me.After a few minutes he must have handed off the task of finding my two power tools to an older associate.The older associate went back and forth to the same shelf (which the items I was looking to buy obviously was not there) and briefly looked in the overstock area (one section.)His conclusion was that they either walked out the door (doubtful) or "were on a shipment."Having managed retail before - this basically equals "It is near close, and I don't feel like looking."He then offered to look at another stores inventory, in which I had to explain to him that because of the lackluster service it was now too late to make it to the other location before close.I don't understand some people's work ethic. Why abandon a customer looking to spend a couple hundred dollars for a customer who wanted a key made? Why not do your job and locate the items that you clearly have in stock, instead of blowing the customer off because you don't want to look.
4	I come to Home Depot all the time for stuff. I'm constantly coming here for all my home garden needs.  My house and yard are rather large and I'm the do it yourself type of girl.  I tried to find the same garden items at lowe's and target but as far as gardening supplies goes, Home Depot has got them beat.  Due to the large size of my yard I dot just need supplies, I need them in bulk or large containers to save money and I was able to find that here.I've always had good customer service and I've always been able to find what I need.
5	I had the best customer service from Eric in the fan department today! Thank you for all your help Eric, you helped me more than you can imagine. I appreciate your customer service. Hopefully I'll see you again for more goodies! Your co workers were exceptionally helpful as well!!!
