5	Authentic Italian food. Fresh bread baked every morning. Ask for grandpa's special sauce and fried mozzarella. Magnifico!
5	Awesome authentic Itailian food.  Sauce for chicken parm is the best I've ever had.  Don't forget to ask for Grandpas special spicy sauce.  Homemade cheese cake is scrumptious!  Ill be back...over and over again.
5	Great Italian restaurant! Fast service and delicious authentic food! Ask for Mr . D's special spicy marinara sauce!
5	I'm a Las Vegas native and remember the original Restaurant by the old Elephant Bar. I can honestly tell you that the food at the new restaurant is just as amazing as it was at the original!I'm a huge fan of the Pescara sauce (creamy pink sauce) on any of the pastas, "Grandpa D's" spicy sauce on the homemade bread is to die for, Grandma D's cheesecake is beyond words, and the cappuccino was the perfect way to end the meal.The prices are definitely reasonable, the service is as good as it gets, and it's great to have a REAL family eatery back in Vegas. COnsider me a regular!
3	This is the location where Don Antonio's used to be.  Thus, I can't help but compare it to Don Antonio's.The menu isn't as big as Don Antonio's and the prices are a bit more expensive as well.  Don Antonio's had a lunch special that included soda and a salad.  Here there is no lunch special and the "half orders" do not include soda and salad.I spent about $7 for a half order of fettuccine alfredo.  Pretty average tasting.  Sauce was thick (how I like it).Free bread was served and tasted okay.  No oil and vinegar, but I suppose maybe they have some and I just didn't ask.The immediate concern is staffing.  There just isn't enough waitresses working.  It looked like the kitchen could use an extra hand as well.  The waitress was polite and worked hard, but there was just too many customers for one person.Anyways, nothing really wrong with this place, but I'm definently not going to go out of my way to go here (like I did with Don Antonios)Oh, and beware of other reviews here on Yelp.  There are six reviews all giving 5 stars and all the reviews were on 3/10/11.  Seems a little fishy.  I have a feeling they are fake reviews written by employees.
3	I ordered the half order of Rigatoni, and an order of Italian Fries (basically Garlic Fries).  The food was average at best.  I thought the Italian sausage was good; however the sauce was a little watered down.  I did add some of their spicy sauce which helped but only if you like spicy.  The Italian Fries were pretty good, although I prefer more garlic and other spices than the ones I got.  Still the fries were cooked perfectly, slightly crispy on the outside and soft insides.  There was just 1 waitress for most of my visit.  Too much going on for one waitress to handle even though she was working pretty hard to keep up.  The free bread was pretty good, but nothing special.  Prices were a little high in my opinion for the food that I got.  I completely agree with the last reviewer, the reviews that were all entered on the same day look fake.  No way would that many people give this place a perfect 5 stars, with nobody going for even a 4 or less.  Ignore those fake employee reviews and hopefully some additional honest reviews will continue to come through.
3	Joined a group of work gals for lunch. The friendly staff quickly put together a table for 10 and accommodated our request for separate checks. The service was well paced and friendly throughout. As far as I could tell, there aren't separate lunch and dinner menus. The fare is a little heavy and pricey for lunch. My girlfriend and I shared the baked mushroom and artichoke appetizer. It had sliced mushrooms, artichoke hearts, and tomatoes baked in a white wine broth topped with melty mozzarella on top. The flavor was really nice and yummy with the French bread to soak up the juice. The bread is plain french served slightly warmed with those foil wrapped pats of butter. I'll admit...cold butter that tears apart your soft bread is on of my pet peeves. Room temp the butter before serving people! Next, we shared the eggplant Parmesan ($13.99). The entree came with a salad. It had romaine lettuce, tomatoes, crispy wonton noodles ?? and  a vinaigrette. We were perplexed by the Asian element. So strange, like they ran out of croutons. The salad was fine. No complaints. The eggplant parmesan came with three eggplant slices and penne. The eggplant was tender on the inside and crispy on the outside. The whole plate was oversauced and the sauce was a little sweet for my preference. The pasta was cooked nicely.  Once again, it was good. The bill was $30 ish for 2 drinks, appetizer,  and entree. $37 with tip. We were both stuffed. All in all, its good. No complaints. Will meet your expectations for basic Italian food.
2	My husband and I dined there last Friday and it was just average Italian food at best.  The pasta fagioli soup tasted like it was straight from a can.  We also had the Mediterranean salad and the menu didn't list feta as an ingredient, but it was covered in it.  Too bad for us because had it been listed we never would have ordered it since my husband and I don't really care for feta.  The dressing was watery and bland.  For our entree we split the tortellini rosa.  It was really slow coming out - probably a good 15 minutes from the time our salad and soup was cleared.  It was served hot, but like everything else it was nothing special.  The sauce was average tomato sauce with a dash of cream.  I felt like I could have made a comparable meal at home.  The bread was probably the best part.  It was served warm with butter on the side.  It would have been really good with balsamic vinegar and olive oil.  I am sad that it wasn't better.  We had high hopes for another great neighborhood Italian eatery.  My husband is willing to give it a second try, but I personally would not waste my time or money.
4	I had dinner with two friends here the other night. It's really far away from my house, which sucks because the food was pretty dang good!We each had the pasta with marinara sauce. My friends had the meatball, and I had the sausage one (those are your options: meatball or sausage). It was all pretty good! I kinda expected something that was more Ragu versus authentic, but I was wrong! The food was good, service was good, and prices were reasonable (three dinners, two sodas, two glasses of wine = $50). You're probably wondering why, if I liked this place, it's getting four stars out of five? You're smart for wondering that. I'll tell you: when m'lady ordered her glass of white wine and I ordered a red, they just brought some house stuff that was kinda warm. Neither one of those things was a huge deal (it being warm or it being cheap) but together, it kinda wasn't the best. Having said that, I would definitely come to this place again.
3	Decided to go check this place out for lunch.... very clean and nice inside. The staff was very attentive. Price point was very good. Especially their lunch specials.The likes: the garlic knots were fantastic! And loved the garlic cheese bread .... Bring on the carbs!!!  lolThe not so much: The sauce that came with my ravioli was pretty bland, and the ravioli's themselves weren't as good as other's I've had.But having said that, I will definitely go back to try out their pizza. The table next to us raved about it to the waitress so I definitely need to give that a try. All in all not a bad experience and I look forward to trying some of the other dishes they have to offer.
2	Decided to give this place a try - there were only 2 other customers insideThe wait staff was very attentive and pleasant  - clean restaurantThe Clam Chowder was very good - I'll give them that....However, my Angel Hair pasta with Marinara sauce was too bland.As I was trying to mix my pasta and sauce I noticed that there was way to much water in the bottom of my bowl. All the water should have been drained from the pot the pasta was boiling in because it just results in a bowl of watery yucky pasta!!!!!I was not pleased at all and returned my dish....My kid's cheese pizza was OK but not outstanding.My main concern is that the waiter made my situation known to the owner  (sure looked like the owner) and not once did he come up to me to  apologize or say anything. He had the opportunity as there were only 5 customers inside and that's including my daughter and I. They did take the dish off my bill and the owner did say Bye as I was leaving but by him not personally addressing the issue at hand with me it just left me with a  "I don't care to come back" feeling.
