5	Delicious food, fantastic presentation, friendly service, and an outstanding patio for dining makes this my favorite Thai restaurant in Pittsburgh.
4	I tried out Pusadee's after stumbling around Chowhound one day looking for new restaurants to try out.Since we had no idea what to order, we asked the server for recommendations.  He suggested their pork meatballs as an appetizer and said it's all about the special noodles and fish.  Most people end up getting their Street Noodle #1.We ended up getting their pork meatballs, which were absolutely delicious.  I want to say the meat was minced by hand with a tad of baking soda for it to achieve such a fine texture which remind me of the meatballs at Chinese dimsum places.  The seasoning was right on spot; I've had too many under/over-seasoned meatballs to take small things as the proper amount of seasoning for granted.  They come skewered on sugarcane which added to the presentation and were fun to suck on while we waited for our entrees.I asked Pusadee what her favorite dish was, as opposed to the most popular dish.  She first noted that I might not like it b/c it's spicy but told me it was the spicy tilapia.  I love spicy, and I ordered it.  My friend ordered their Street Noodle #1.The spicy tilapia dish was a lot larger than I had imagined; it was five pieces of fried crispy tilapia with a copious amount of the spicy sauce.  The sauce itself wasn't that spicy, but it had lots of strong Thai flavors with a sweet touch from caramelized onions.I tried some of the Street Noodle #1 and it was pretty good.  The thinly sliced crispy chicken wasn't as crispy as I would have imagined, but all the flavors were spot on.Some finishing notes:What I found interesting was that I didn't see ANYONE in the restaurant order curry at all.  And Pusadee and the waiter didn't recommend them either...Get reservations.  It's a small restaurant and the first thing we were asked was if we had reservations.Because it's a bit further away from the "hot spots" of Pittsburgh, parking was ridiculously easy.If you want to try the tilapia, get a friend to order something else and split the two dishes.  It comes with no vegetables and Asian cuisine is all about splitting dishes anyways.
3	I went for lunch with one other person.  For both of us it was our first time eating there.We started off with the dumplings.  All in all they were ok.  very very peppery.  We both like spice just fine, but the flavor was kinda blown out by the generic black pepper taste.I had the panang curry with chicken.  The rice portion was not proportional to the bowl of curry, could have used double what they give you.  The flavor of the broth was great however.  the veg in the curry all seemed fresh and had a nice bite to them rather than being mushy.  the chicken was properly cooked, but seemed to be lacking in quantity compared to the other stuff.My friend had the keo mow with chicken.  The spice level of the dish was average for Pittsburgh (very tame) but the flavor was ok.  The noodles were dry but oily.  overall the feeling we had from this dish was that it was just a bit dry and once again lacked on the portion of protein.the service was fine.  They seemed nice enough, but when I asked for their best dish I wasn't really given an answer and ended up choosing one for myself because I felt I would get nowhere with what she was telling me.presentation was also average.  normal white generic plates, flatware, and glasses.  food wasnt jazzed up on the plate.  just kinda there.  Overall I'd say the entire experience was average, although I will be going back to try the patio when its open in spring.
4	Went here with a party of 5. I got the spicy tilapia -- the sauce was somewhat spicy and very flavorful. It would be better if they served the sauce over a more compelling fish (like maybe a whole fried snapper or something), but still very good.The garden roll was fresh and tasty and included a variety of greens and herbs.Stolen bites of the spicy duck and street noodle dishes were also quite good.Service was friendly, prompt and helpful.I'll definitely be back here.
4	Well executed Thai classics and a few surprises, elegant interior, and surely one of the best patios in the city.What's to love?--The menu is simple, well organized, and has lots of Thai classics, with a few surprises like spinach soup.--Very vegetarian friendly; they were able to leave fish sauce out of my curry, and w/o any detectable flavor loss.--The interior is elegant and spotless.  Easily navigable layout.--Unbelievably friendly staff.--It's in Lawrenceville and walking distance from some good bars.--Great patio!!  Really big, beautiful garden, and lots of seating.What's not to love?--The patio, while absolutely lovely, could use a couple warming towers (preferably electric) for cool spring evenings.--We had to wait far too long to order, and the restaurant was only about 3/4 full.  That's really why they lose a star.--No booze, which is unfortunate because the crowd seemed like the wine-ordering type.Eat here!!
5	This restaurant has the best outdoor seating in town! I haven't eaten here since last fall but only because it would be disappointing if I couldn't sit on the patio. The food is great, as well as the service.  Highly recommended.
4	I really love the atmosphere of this place, it has amazing out door seating, and the service is great and attentive. The place is BYOB and barely charge anything for uncorking/glasses.However, I am a bit disappointed with their menu as a lot of the classics that I have come to love in thai restaurants are not here. I will say that their pad thai and green curry dish are amazing. Everything seems very fresh and well prepared.I also enjoyed the grilled steak salad, but don't orderd it too spicy, it will blow you away! I was disappointed with their selection of soups, and the taste is not great either. However, I have already been here twice and look forward to coming back.... well in the summers, I don't know if this place would be as good if I had sat indoors.
5	Great food, amazing outdoor area.  A bit pricier than most Thai, but it's definitely worth it.  I would say this is one of the  best outdoor dining experiences in the city.  It can get really busy, so make sure to make reservations for Friday and Saturday nights.
4	Delicious food and the best outdoor seating around.
4	i appreciate when a place can deliver great decor along with affordable prices. case in point - the food here is priced similar to other pgh thai restaurants, but pusadee's has a great sophisticated yet casual feel.the menu was a bit standard, but featured a few dishes not seen on other thai menus. we tried 2 different curries, a street-noodle dish, and something else i can't remember....service was great, and the portions on the larger side - large enough to consider sharing dishes among your table (depending on how hungry you are of course...).
5	They are open til 10 on a Sunday. Huge plus! The street noodles are so yumm. The garden is beautiful. Go here. Get the the "thai cole slaw" it was surprisingly awesome. good for dates! byob by the way.
5	Great little Thai place. Had the spicy seafood dish which was actually spicy enough for this Texas gal. Green curry with tofu had a slight kick y also, very tasty. The coleslaw served as a wonderful appetizer for 3 of us. Dessert was coconut ice cream garnished with jackfruit. The only drawback was that we ordered a pot of hot tea for the three of us to share and we were brought a pot of hot water and one store bough tea bag. Other than that, it was a wonderful dining experience.
4	Love the interior and how clean and basic it is. The staff is very friendly, and the service was prompt (even though it was a busy Saturday evening and we didn't have reservations). I always love a BYOB restaurant, and the $1 glass fee is a great deal :)The food is so, so yummy! The fresh spring rolls came with such a unique flavored sauce and it was the perfect sized appetizer so you had plenty of room for the main course! I had the Pumpkin Tofu Curry and it was amazing! The flavor was rich and fresh and the brown rice came in a little pod which was a great presentation.Can't wait to go back!
4	This was a cute little Thai place I would definitely go to again. Food quality was as good as any I've had at other Thai places in Pittsburgh, but this feels a bit more off the beaten path. Very small inside.
4	This charming Thai restaurant has lovely atmosphere and delicious food. For vegetarians, the trick with Thai food is that traditionally most of it is made with shrimp paste, fish paste, fish stock, etc. as the base flavor for the sauces and broths. While many of the items appear to be vegetarian, they are frequently not and you are left to the mercy of the servers, hoping they have the correct information about their food or that they are willing to tell you the truth about what is in the dish. Depending on how the recipe is made, some cannot be altered because of how the food or sauce is prepared ahead of time. During my visit to Pusadee's Garden I felt assured that our server was knowledgeable about the items on the menu and how they are made. She easily pointed out which ones were within those limits and it seemed that our group wasn't the first asking those questions.The last time I visited was in the summer when the garden was still open. I ate with friends next to their organic garden where they grow some of their vegetables that they serve. It was relaxing and very pretty. The meal I ordered--a noodle dish--was delicious as was the salad that came before. My friends all reported the same--that their food was really on the mark.
4	Pusadee's Garden is right down the street from me and definitely a staple. Not only does it have some of the best Thai food in Pittsburgh, but it's outside seating is absolutely beautiful on a nice summer day. In the evening hours, everything is lit up and the ambience cannot be matched anywhere else in Pittsburgh.The service is great but can get a little bogged down on busy nights. The food is flavorful but conventional Thai fair. Their most interesting deviation is their street noodle dishes, which I don't see on too many Thai menus in Pittsburgh.Their heat scale is hit or miss. I've had a 10 here and while I perspired profusely, I felt like I was still not experiencing the dish as it would have been served in its home country.While Pusadee's Garden did replace the only Filipino restaurant in Pittsburgh (to me and my girlfriend's chagrin) it replaced it with a formidable Thai component in the slightly over-saturated Thai food market of Pittsburgh.
1	The service is AWFUL! the sloppy waiter made us wait for over an hour even though we had a reservation, and not only that, but he got other people who did NOT have a reservation seated before us!! he was walking back and forth to collect dishes and ignore us and not even apologize... after we eventually got seated, nobody came to take our order for another half an hour... the food was not the best either.. everything arrived only luke-warm.. the worst dining experience ever, all the waiter and waitresses are ignorant and slow slow slooow.. not going back...AVOID THIS PLACE!
5	My girlfriend and I decided to try this place because of the positive reviews on this website and others. We were pleasantly surprised with how good it actually was. As we walked towards the front, it looked closed on first glance because it was completely empty. The reason the interior was so empty because we choose the first beautiful day in PGH to visit and the outside seating is this restaurants REAL dining area.I am looking forward to returning to this outdoor dining experience when all the foliage is grown in and a bit later in the evening to get the real ambiance of this Pittsburgh jewel. The negative of the outdoor seating is the location. The patio is RIGHT next to Butler St. which made it a bit noisy when large trucks or loud motorcycles would pass.  We were seated immediately and given glasses of water.  The service was average, nothing great, no problems either though. Nothing really to comment on.The food, however, was the star of the evening. I ordered the Thai Yellow Rice. The chicken was crispy and cooked perfectly. The rice had great flavor, and I had the option of spice level, and choose the medium one, which was not very hot. My girlfriend had the pad thai which was delicious, simple, and not heavy with spices and marinades. The prices are super reasonable and we will definitely frequent this place in Law-ville from now on. If you are a fan of Asian foods and would like a great place to eat, this is a MUST go.One side note, this place is BYOB and they mean it. People around us brought bottles of wine and beer. The menu said there is charge of $1 for a glass. I do not know if they would charge to drink out of a beer bottle or can.
4	Welp, as someone that has spent some time in Thailand, I definitely feel like a qualified reviewer of this restaurant.  This is just one of many fine little gems hidden in the mostly unexplored neighborhood of Lawrenceville in Pittsburgh.So, the restaurant from a looks perspective.  It's situated along the 53rd block of Butler street in a mostly low-key area of the street situated on the left side (looking toward the higher streets).  In other words, there's not a ton of business development within immediate proximity.  The inside area has your typical hole-in-the-wall vibe going with it.  It's mostly white walls and very simple inside, with maybe ten or so tables lining the entrance corridor and back room.  It has a zen/minimalist style going on, but nothing really special.  Step into the side deck garden, however, and your environment transforms into a fresh, exotic, green, and lush sanctuary with 8 or so tables strewn underneath a canopy of vines.  The environment that engrosses the tables is made from exotic plants and flowers of some indiscernible origin.  Gents, if you need a first or second date recommendation, or need to bring your lady to a nice place for the anniversary, don't pass up the outdoor eating area here.  The ambiance will impress the shit out of her.The food.  Pretty good.  Went here with a date and we got the fresh spring roll apps, the coconut soup, and the spicy basil with vegetable and the pumpkin curry with vegetable, followed by sweet coconut sticky rice with fresh mango and coconut ice cream.  The apps were 3.5/5, they were good but very simple and came with a sweet chili dipping sauce from what I can recall.  The coconut soup was unfortunately, not that special.  I'd give it a 2.5/5 as I was generally left wanting and didn't actually end up finishing this.  The entrees were both stellar, I'd give them a 4.25-4.5/5.  I had asked for a 10/10 on the heat scale on my dish (pumpkin curry) and got what more resembled a 6 or a 7.  I got "white spiced" apparently.  Either that or they are not calibrated to the same heat scale that I subscribe to.  The dessert was very authentic and tasty (though the rice was a bit soggy for my liking), I'd still give it a 4.25/5 for flavor and refreshment value.Overall impression.  Very cool little BYOB hole-in-the-wall Thai place that uses fresh-from-the-garden ingredients.  Definitely in the running food-quality wise with Nicky's in North Side and Thai Cuisine in Bloomfield.  Their food is definitely well above-average and the ambiance in the garden can't be topped.  All in all, for the fair prices they charge (and again, it's BYOB!), you can't miss this place!
3	An amazing garden, good food, and BYOB should make this one of the best Thai restaurants in Pittsburgh. And one of the best patio restaurants in Pittsburgh. The waitstaff really take an axe to one's enjoyment of the meal, however, as it takes forever to order and be served. Weird, seeing as how little time it takes to prepare Thai food.
5	Probably my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. Best Thai I think I've ever had. The spicy basil sauce is out of this world. And I really recommend eating there in the summer because they have an incredible outdoor garden seating area - you would never guess if you were just walking by on the street either! Tom Yum soup is also a must try.
5	What a hidden gem (but too good not to post about!).  I was at Pusadee's Garden this weekend and we thankfully missed all the rain...We made last minute reservations which paid off. We got a terrific table in the garden under the grapevine canopy.My handsome date and I shared the Garden Roll and a Thai Iced Tea while perusing our menu.  I decided on the Eggplant Basil while my date had the Spicy Seafood.  We both went with 6-7 on the Spicy Meter (our server admitted he didn't "do" spicy and always got a 3 but we stayed with our higher numbers).  Our entrees were wonderful and the heat was just right.  Keep in mind we both had runny noses and extra sips of water from time to time but the food was very enjoyable.  We ended the meal with Sticky Rice and Mango-yum!What a romantic place that makes Pittsburgh great.  Nothing overly fancy -beautiful atmosphere and great food.By the way, the reviewer who waited an hour after reservations were made, had horrible, rude service and bad food had to have had some other issues ruining his evening.  My experience at Pusadee's Garden was NOTHING like that.  Avoid that review:)
4	We came here on a Sunday evening in summer, on a double date with some friends.  We made a reservation, but there were a handful of tables to spare for walk-ins.  We were seated outside in their garden, which is a lovely patio decorated with little lights, and covered in flowering plants.  It feels secluded and private, and it's easy to forget that there are other patrons around you.We brought two bottles of wine, which our served opened for us - even brought us an ice bucket for the white wine.  It's only $1 a glass to BYOB which is a pretty sweet deal.  Service isn't speedy, but it's definitely at a relaxing pace.  You have time to swallow your appetizers before your entree shows up, and nobody slams the check down next to you when half of your pad thai is still on the plate.  Gotta love that.We started with the Grilled Pork Meatballs - four of them come skewered on sugar cane and they are delicious!  Juicy and succulent and flavorful.  They didn't come with a "dipping sauce" as advertised, but there was a little bit of sauce drizzled over them, so maybe that's what they meant?For my entree, I got the Spicy Duck Noodles at a level 5, which ended up being the perfect spice level.  It was definitely spicy, giving my mouth a kick, but I wasn't sweating and gasping and diving for my water glass.  I'd get food at a level 5 here again next time - I like being able to feel the heat without my taste buds getting too numb to get the other flavors.  The duck was tender, the broth was savory, and the noodles were slurpable.  Not much veg in the dish, but it was very tasty nonetheless - super fresh, and I actually finished the whole thing!  I ate it so happily that I didn't have even remember to taste my boyfriend's Massaman Curry, which he said was delicious as well.I think Pusadee's and Kanok are really on par with each other - great, fresh Thai in a beautiful setting.  Worth the money for sure.  It's several steps above your average Thai takeout, and I hope we'll return to Pusadee's again before the summer is over - that outdoor patio is just fantastic!
5	Pusadees Garden is easily some of the best Thai food in Pittsburgh, and hands down one of the best places for outdoor seating.The beautiful outdoor patio is covered in a canopy of ivy and delicate lights, each table lit with a candle. While the inside seating is beautiful and swank, nothing beats the elegance of their deck. It's perfect for sharing a bottle of wine (its BYOB) and trying their traditional, but inventive dishes.The Curry is outstanding - particularly the Pumpkin Curry. I got it with tofu at a spiciness of 6, which wasn't all that spicy, but delicious nonetheless. My sister got the Tom Kah soup (her favorite Thai dish), which she claimed was the best she had ever had. We also tried the Curry Puffs, which were sweet and delicious, and the Fried Tofu, which was absolutely wonderful - much better than your standard Fried Tofu appetizer. Theirs wasn't over-fried and came with a delicious, delicate sauce. My boyfriend got the Khao Soi, another traditional Thai dish, and it was wonderful as well. Extremely flavorful with fresh toppings like cilantro and lime.The deserts are lovely as well - they have many homemade ice creams and also traditional Thai dishes like the Mango Sticky Rice.I spent the month of July in Thailand, and I can honestly say that the curry and tofu dishes at Pusadees Garden are better than I had anywhere in Thailand.
5	I work three blocks away from Pusadee's Garden an it has become a regular staple of my work day. Their lunch prices are extremely reasonable ($7.50-$8.50 for most dishes) and the dishes are terrific across the board. Some of my go-to picks are the pumpkin curry, street noodles #2, and chicken kee mao. The staff is friendly, the service is fast, my only problem is that I'm always ordering take out from work so I never get to eat in their beautiful outdoor seating area.
4	This is one of my favorite Thai restaurants in Pittsburgh.  The decor is understated and elegant and the food is sublime.  I rarely make it out of the appetizers, though since they have some good ones.  One of my favorite things on the menu is the spicy Thai cole slaw.  I've tried to find a recipe for this so I can make it at home but nothing compares.There is plenty for a vegetarian to eat here.  The food is tasty and I like the service as well.  (Although the last time we went, it was pretty crowded (folks waiting for tables) so you might want to make a reservation).The dishes are all prepared with care and the spice level can be adjusted to your liking.They also have black sticky rice with Thai custard, a traditional dessert not found in many restaurants (here in Pittsburgh, Thai Cuisine has it as well).Highly recommended!They do have outdoor seating, weather permitting but I've not yet dined outside.  I think it is also BYOB since I saw many couples with wine or beer in tow.
5	You know what this place is really gosh darn good! We came here with 6 people around 7 pm on a Friday. The food we had was outstanding all the way across the board 5 stars. For appetizers we order pork dumplings that were tasty little bites The fresh Spring rolls "Garden Rolls" only had one roll per order so we order 2 more for a total of 3 because they were so fresh and vibrant tasty rolls with a wrap that has a very neat texture. Also had an app. of Chicken Satay which actually came in the middle of the meal, which was fine by us because we had order way too much much food to begin with, never the less I choked one of the chicken hunks down after I smothered it in that delicious peanut sauce.We all ordered something and passed it around the table. The most notable dish for me which I did not order was the crispy tilapia. The crispy tilipia is covered in this sauce which tasted very good even with the higher level of spice that was in it. And it is BYOB, I love BYOB at this place because it is like $1 / person. So for all six of us to stuff our faces with awesome food the total bill was only about $125. I would say that is a heck of a good deal. I was happy to experience this before they close for vacation until Feb 14th 2012! Ouch... Definitely on my top 5 list. Oh and I'm not much of desert eater, but I really enjoyed the black sticky rice and coconut ice cream.
3	In sum, this place is your typical Thai Food place in Pittsburgh. I would say where it does beat its competition is location, location, location. It appears this place is still a "hidden restaurant". It is so far up Butler, I think most people do not even know this place exists. When I came here on a Friday night there was still plenty of room to fill and no wait list! Yay!I ordered the coconut soup w/ shrimp. It was good, the broth was simple yet rich.  It lacked some lemongrass but it was good. Quite honestly that was my favorite dish of the evening. For my entree, I ordered the ever so traditional Shrimp Pad Thai. Which again was your typically Pad Thai. Sadly, nothing blew my mind away, I would not necessarily tell everyone I know to eat here. Then again, I won't say it is bad either. It is by and far superior than its competitors in Bloomfield so this place has that going for them. I would say if this restaurant had a bit more expedient wait staff, and dropped their prices a bit, I would feel more compelled to return. I wanted to love this place but I am more indifferent with it. I may give it a second chance in the future merely due to the fact of its proximity to my home and the lack of bustle. Perhaps I caught them on an off night.
4	BYOB! Wished I woulda known before I got there, oh well. Great food if a little pricey for Thai. Great ambiance with tea lights lining the wall.
4	Simple modern atomosphere with the amazingly pretty courtyard !!!
4	First off, let me say I'm a huge fan of Thai food (and love spice).  There are a handful of good Thai restaurants in the Pittsburgh area, and this is definitely amongst them.  It's a little jewel tucked into Lawrenceville, and despite my being in Pittsburgh for many years I hadn't tried it until this past year.The outdoor seating patio during warm weather times is wonderful.  I've eaten here several times now, and I literally lose myself there sometimes--on warm summer nights it feels like you're eating dinner in a quiet South Beach restaurant instead of Pittsburgh.  That being said, I should mention that the indoor seating on the other hand is a little cramped.So...food...yes.  Have gotten the Thai Red Curry, Thai Green Curry and Panang Curry--I know, I know, so cliche.  But they were great--not necessarily anything better than any other good Thai restaurant, but undoubtedly tasty (I mean, I've only ordered standard dishes, so what else can I expect except for standard food?  But they were all well made dishes).  It did tick me off the one time I ordered Thai-Iced tea without too much ice, and the server gave me a half-full glass of tea.  Umm, I make this stuff at home, so I know it doesn't cost anywhere near $2.95 a glass.  So when I ask for a little less ice, please don't insult me by giving me less drink, too. Anyway, when I'm in the mood for Thai, the reason I pick this Thai restaurant over the others is specifically for the ambience of their outdoor seating patio.  The food is good, and the pricing is average.  Can't go wrong.
3	Pusadee's Garden was good, but my experience here didn't match the hype.  The service started out incredibly slow when the restaurant wasn't even half-filled.My curry dish came out in a tall square bowl, which looked interesting, but compromised on functionality.  Once I had eaten a sufficient amount, the remaining chunks of meat and veggies were completely submerged in the sauce, leaving me groping around with chopsticks hoping to find purchase on some chicken.  It was tasty enough, but nothing above and beyond other Pittsburgh Thai places (which admittedly set an unusually high standard).I tried a rice noodle and chicken dish one of my companions ordered as well.  The chicken was phenomenal, but the noodles, rather than being spicy-sweet, were just overly and cloyingly sweet.Roll all of that up in mid-level prices which aren't exactly a bargain, and it doesn't make my "best Thai in Pittsburgh" list, though it might be "best Thai in Lawrenceville."
4	Wonderful Thai and regional foods. The garden seating is wonderful but don't be discouraged if there's only indoor seating available - it's lovely inside too.Highly recommend the grilled pork meatballs served on the sugar cane skewers. I'm not sure which is my favorite part, the deliciously seasoned meatballs or gnawing on the pork infused skewers.
2	Talk about being over-hyped; there are several places around that have more satisfying Thai food than that served at Pusadee's Garden. Both entrees and appetizer were nothing to write home about.edit: sorry guys, but nicky's thai kitchen is where it's at. the patio seating there is not only nicer, but your amazing meal won't be marred by the constant whirring of cars on the street next to you.
4	This place is definitely more of a hidden gem. Since it's located in north Lawrenceville not many college students make it to this place. While there I shared the Spicy Basil Leaf, Chicken and Street Noodle #2. The basil Chicken was definitely the stronger choice, since it packed a lot of flavor and contained a lot of nice veggies like zucchini. The Street Noodle #2 was pretty satisfying but nothing too special. It also reminded me a little too much of ramen.While the food was high quality, the part that makes this place a must-go is the garden. Make sure you eat outside in the garden. It's absolutely amazing what a little place they have carved out of Butler Street, especially considering next door is an abandoned lot. Long story short: good food, really unique/beautiful atmosphere.
3	Perhaps the best and most beautiful patio in town, however the food is only so so. Definitely worth visiting on a nice day. I recommend bringing wine, beer or sake, and maybe some fresh chillies, to enhance your meal. For take out, I'd go elsewhere.
5	After a day of unsuccessful apartment searching, I was randomly craving Thai food.  I found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a shot even though it was a bit out of my way coming from downtown.  I can truly say that I was glad that I made the trip up to Lawrenceville because this place is legit.First of all, service is friendly, prompt yet not overbearing.  The ambiance is quiet, chill, perhaps even romantic.  Would be a great date place.  The menu selection is very extensive for a Thai restaurant and the prices are very reasonable.  I had the Tofu Spinach soup as an appetizer and the  Eggplant Basil "Garden Special" for the entree.  Both dishes were simply outstanding.  I felt that the chef did a great job balancing the amount of sauce and veggies in the Eggplant dish.  Just enough sauce to adequately coat the rice, but not too much as to overwhelm you.  I left satisfied and certain that I will try this place with friends when I move to to the burgh.
5	Food was great and atmosphere equally enjoyable. Great service and BYOB is a plus. A definite must go. Not in my neighborhood but well worth the trip! Get the coconut ice cream
4	One of the best quality/price ratios in Pittsburgh and the best thai I have had in Pittsburgh (by far - I find all the places I tried mediocre). The four dishes the table shared were very flavorful - pumpkin curry, basil eggplant, duck, and a pasta dish. They were on the spicy side as we wanted: we had ordered a 7, and this comes out as spicy, but not too hot. The dishes are sufficiently large that you can share them with 3/4 people. I really enjoyed the eggplant and curry. The appetizers - mango salad, spring roll, and garden roll - were fresh and light. I have been told that the garden/patio is wonderful, but unfortunately we ate inside (no place outside). The room inside is not remarkable. And it's byob...
4	Came in at 9:30 on a Saturday. Server wasn't sure if he should seat us, but the owner/manager did. Unfortunately, we didn't get to enjoy the outdoor area because it was a bit chilly. We ordered a spring roll appetizer, which was fresh, delicate, crisp and the sauce was perfect. I could have eaten a plate of these for dinner. I did the pumpkin curry with chicken ; and the BF had eggplant basil. They give you a choice of 'heat', from 1-10. I'm a little girl when it comes to spice and went with a 5 ... which was still considerably spicy. The BF went with an 8, but in tasting his the sweetness of his sauce balanced the spice really well. Both dishes were served with white rice (brown rice is $1.50 upcharge - meh). Portion was large enough for leftovers (yay!).   This was hands down the best Thai I've had in Pittsburgh. The sauces had well developed flavor, rich but not overwhelming. Will definitely be back (maybe for lunch, since prices are more or less half of what the dinner prices are).
4	Thai is one of those cuisines that I don't think I could get tired of if I wanted to.  Even bad Thai is still pretty decent, but luckily Pusadee's Garden has great Thai with a beeline focus on the food.  The decor inside here will not blow you away.  Pretty sterile, but the patio looked really nice.  Unfortunately the weather was not cooperating so we stayed inside.  We had a spring roll, curry, and a basil sauce.  Everything was freshly prepared, as it did not have that "sat out" taste, not was the curry even slightly separated.  It was full on holy-crap-why-haven't-I-been-here-before good.  If you want Thai, and the weather is nice, check this place out.  Your get a great meal with good portions.
5	As good as it gets! Pusadees never fails to impress me. I get pad thai at every thai place so I can compare and this place is hands down the best. Great food, great environment, great service and staff.  After my awful experience at Nicky's I sought refuge at Pusadees and they couldn't have been niced and more accomadating even though it was 9:30 and they were on the verge of closing.  Despite probably wanting to go home the waiter was uber nice and friendly and always kept the smile on his face. I would give this place 5/5 before the incident with Nickys but now I want to give it 7/5 stars!
4	When we arrived at the restaurant on a Saturday afternoon between lunch and dinnertime there was nobody seated inside (and would later find that only one table was occupied on the patio). We let the host know how many people were in our group (four adults and one child) and he asked if we placed a reservation. We hadn't and didn't think it was going to be a problem, but it kind of seemed like we were inconveniencing him. He received a call and talked for about five minutes before hanging up and seating us outside.The patio/"garden" was lovely. I especially liked the pitcher plants! We ordered a street noodle dish with shrimp tempura, a soft-shell crab dish, green curry with beef, the garden fried rice with chicken and ate family style. We didn't have to wait long for the food and everything was delicious. The service could have been a little bit better though; at one point three of our water glasses were empty and my husband had to flag down a server to have them refilled.Overall a good dining experience. We'll be back (probably in the evening when the patio is lit!) and maybe we'll make a reservation next time.
4	If you're not a big fan of Thai food like me...  this place will change that.This is my first visit to Pusadee's and the staff their couldn't have been nicer and accommodating. Great Food.. Great Environment.Also, it's BYOB! and the Garden seating is the perfect place for some wine and dine
5	We were excited to try this place - we love outdoor dining and the garden sounded lovely.  We were blown away - the garden is amazing!  We had a great table for 2 off to the side, away from the other tables.  We felt like we had the patio to ourselves.  The landscaping is gorgeous and the food was delicious. We started with the crispy crab rolls and the crispy spring rolls. I had the pineapple curry with chicken and asked for pretty much a 0 spice level - it still had a little kick to it but was delicious.  My boyfriend had the pad thai with chicken and asked for a level 6 spice - his was very good but was spicier than he anticipated.  Overall, we really enjoyed the atmosphere, the food and the BYOB - we'll definitely be back!
3	Not a lot of people know about Pusadee's Garden so I consider it somewhat of a hidden gem.  I've been to Pusadee's Garden many times, and it's my favorite thai restaurant in Pittsburgh.You MUST make a reservation to sit in the garden.  I've dined at Pusadee's at least a dozen times and each time the garden is packed and for good reason--the food is great and the garden is beautiful.  This would be a good place to take a date or have a girls night out.  They are able to accomodate a party of 12 but it was a little bit cramped so I don't know if you'd want to go with a group larger than that.  Also, if you go with a large gorup of people you'll want to know that they cannot split the bill so bring cash!The food at Pusadee's is consistently good.  I've had just about everything on the menu but my two favorite dishes are the Pumpkin Curry with Tofu and Street Noodle #1.The pumpkin curry is balanced and sweet.  They use just enough coconut milk to balance the bite of the curry and the chunks of lightly grilled pineapple are great.  I get this with tofu and brown rice.  This curry dish is light on the vegetables, sometimes it seems like more of a soup and I'm guilty of slurping the curry from the bowl and I do not care if you judge me--this stuff is delicious!  ;)The Street Noodle #1 sounds unimpressive on the menu but this is fantastic.  The tempura chicken is to die for.I strongly recommend the crispy tofu appetizer, it's delicious and the tofu is prepared in a tempura style which I relaly like, a lot of other restaurants offer this dish and the tofu has been deep fried and is swimming in an oily sauce.When you order food they'll give you a spice level from 1 - 10.  THE FOOD IS HEAVY ON THE HEAT!  Pick your spice level consdervatively!I like spicy food but bc I wanted to share my curry w a friend who wasn't a fan of spicy food I ordered a 5 and it was so hot it brough tears to my eyes.If you like a little bit of spice but are unsure, go wiht a spice level #4.  Trust me.My friend ordered a spice level #5 and her meal was so hot she couldn't eat it.  :(The service here is so-so.  It's going to take them a long time to come ot your table so I'd advise ordering everything at once.  Dont' come to Pusadee's if you are in a hurry, bc it takes a while for the kitchen to prepare your food but its worth the wait.This place is BYOB.
4	If Pusadee's Garden repeats or improves upon my experience this evening, it may get bumped to a 5. The girlfriend and I had a long week and planned a much-needed date night. We'd heard good things about Pusadee's and drove past it's attractive patio several times, so we decided tonight we'd give it a try. We were pleased that the garden roll ($3) and cabbage salad ("thai cole slaw" w/a spicy tamarind-peanut sauce; $6) were gluten-free, so we were able to share those as appetizers. The garden roll was most definitely THE BEST I've had in Pittsburgh and maybe ever. Perhaps the ingredients were particularly fresh today or maybe they are this awesome everyday, but I will definitely be back, and soon, to find out. (Do note, however, that the menu says garden roll, and they mean roll, singular.)The cabbage salad was delicious with the perfect blend of sweet and spice. For our entrees, I went with the veg & tofu pumpkin curry (kabocha squash, zucchini, carrots & basil; $12) with the "brown" rice. The curry was spectacular (though I dock a point for not including "green bell peppers" among the ingredients listed on the menu because I hate them and had to pick them out because I didn't think to request that they be excluded since, you know, it wasn't listed as an ingredient)--the squash was deliciously sweet, the tofu was a perfect texture and quite tasty (!!!), and there was a nice blend of veggies. The "brown" rice was actually a hearty blend of brown and red rice (my favorite) for which I didn't mind too much paying the $1.50 "upcharge." GFgf had the kao soi (egg noodles, shallots, pickled mustard greens, yellow curry sauce; $11.50) with vegetables and tofu, substituting rice noodles for the egg to make it GF. I was too busy swooning over my own dinner that I forgot to try hers, but I got the impression she was quite pleased with her choice as well. We both agreed that it was the best Thai food we'd had in Pittsburgh (and we really like Thai food). The service was pleasant and reasonably attentive, if a bit jumbled at first. It seemed that only one young man was attending to the entire interior dining room, which reached near capacity just shortly after we arrived. Unfortunately, that also resulted in the noise level spiking to unpleasantly high levels, no thanks to all the hard surfaces in a small enclosed space. We're very hopeful that the weather will be more pleasant the next time we come so that we might enjoy the beautiful patio area. It won't be long before we're back!
4	Celebrated my wife's b'day here with a few friends on a Saturday evening.Between the 4 of us we had: i. crispy spring rolls (chicken & veg) - 3.5 / 5 (ask for extra sauce its really good)ii. street noodle #1 - 3 / 5 (do not recommend)iii. spicy duck  - 4 / 5iv. massaman - 4 / 5v. thai Ice tea - 5 / 5They do have a 1 - 10 (non-western) spice scale and IMO anything above a 7 will not do justice to classic thai flavors. If there was one thing that could have been better that would have been the service (took us 20 min to get our mains), but with an ambiance like this that was barely noticeable. All in all PG is probably the best alfresco dining scene in the city & reservations are highly recommended.
4	A friend recommend Pusadee's Garden at a recent Yelp gathering.  I've heard nothing but positive things, so I went tonight to try it out.  The restaurant lived up to their excellent reputation.  Our Spring Rolls were marvelous, with lots of Thai Basil and fresh Ginger.  I had the Yellow Curry, which was delicious and my son had the Pad Thai, also great.  The garden is an absolutely charming place to eat, very cool and shady, even on a warm day.  I will definitely be back.
3	The atmosphere here is ridic amazing. So amazing that you fall into a trance and don't realize that it's taken you 20 minutes to order. Then you glance the extensive herb garden planted in the back and are filled with locavore bliss as you imagine the chef using those very plants in your meal and then hey, has it seriously been 20 more minutes and no appetizers and no water refills???The garden spring rolls are beautifully made but the portions are a little small as compared to other restaurants. The yellow curry with roti is another great dish. I will keep going back because it is close, beautiful and kind of good. But every time it will be slow and it will make me sad inside.
5	This place is amazing. The food was awesome, the prices were very reasonable, our server was extremely friendly, and the outdoor garden was perfect. Took my friend and her parents here even though they were suspicious of the location and they loved it. Will definitely return soon.
4	Get there early & bring your own booze. It's BYOB (I believe there's a glass charge). You come here for yummy food but more so the ambiance outside. We got here later on a work night and waited twenty minutes to sit outside (no one sites inside when it is nice). I ordered my Pad Thai and love it. It's what you want to eat there, too. The wait staff took too long or they would've gotten 5 stars.
3	Overall, I think Pusadee's Garden is just "ok".  A lot of people I know absolutely love the place, but I honestly didn't think it was that spectacular.  The service itself was so-so as we waited a LONG time to get our order taken and to get our food not to mention waiting to get our water refills. Aside from being a bit overpriced in my book, my dish was way too sweet even though it was supposed to be spicy.  My PIC (Partner In Cuisine) liked his curry and our companion loved her meal so maybe I'm wrong...Perhaps I just got the wrong dish.  I suppose it is worth another try sometime in the future.
5	We were in the area and needed a new restaurant experience in our lives. Pusadee's Garden did not disappoint. We had no reservation and with a party of five, it can be a little difficult to get garden space. I highly recommend reservations. We sat inside and had chicken wings and spring roll to start. Service is quick, professional and extremely helpful. Food is gourmet. Pad Thai with Chicken, Urban noodles 1 and 2 as well as coconut soup. Many heat levels to experiment with. Showed our friends that live in Pittsburgh a new restaurant to try again with reservations because the gardens are not to be missed.
4	Best atmosphere I have seen in a Pittsburgh restaurant!  This place has the most darling garden with some cover from the sun where you sit outside and enjoy your food.  I love the overgrowth with the vines and the natural feel (disclaimer--natural also means there are flies!).GREEN PAPAYA SALAD-- legit, spot on with the flavor!  definitely get this, I don't see it served in many thai restaurants!CRISPY TOFU-- tasty but came with a sauce that was 90% peanuts, 10% sauce (um more sauce over here, please?)CRISPY TILAPIA --good, fried, and flavorful, but it had sauce just piled on it that I couldn't really recognize that it was fish (did not remind me of some of the beautiful fish dishes I saw in Thailand)SOFT SHELL CRAB--good, fried, with some curry sauce on top, but came with some pathetic limp vegetablesTHAI ICED TEA--hit the spot!I gotta ding them for the service of some of the hired help.  I shouldn't be told over the phone when making a reservation that I need to be out of my table by 8 pm because there's another party coming in.  Whoever I talked to really needs to check himself!  In addition our waiter just plopped our food down in front of us with a real lack of effort that made me feel like he just threw food at me.  The owners, however, seem very courteous and brought us our leftovers themselves.  Overall, food was okay for what we paid for, over 50 bucks for all the above.  The garden, however, will have me coming back before it gets too cold to try some of the noodle dishes!
5	Gorgeous outdoor seating and fresh food. I've been several times and each visit leaves me wanting more. Courteous staff, extremely well priced, and an amazing pumpkin curry. Go.
5	Pusadee's Garden is among my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. The outdoor dining is so beautiful and serene, especially considering its in the heart of Lawrenceville! My favorite dish is Street Noodle #1. The chicken on the dish is breaded and fried giving it a flavorful crispy outside and a tender inside and it's loaded with sprouts and bok choy. I also LOVE the crispy tofu. It's delicious and goes great with the sweet chili dipping sauce they provide with it! and you seriously can't visit this place without trying their Thai ice tea!
5	This is officially my favorite Thai place in Pittsburgh - I can't believe it has taken me this long to write a review! Their menu is original, and there is not a bad item on it. Choosing an appetizer is a very tough decision, but my favorites are the Garden Rolls and the Curry Puffs. The entrees are also great - you cannot go wrong with any of the curries, and I also LOVE the Kao Soi. On my last visit, I also tried the coconut ice cream for the first time, and I must say - I didn't know what I was missing! I am not even a huge coconut fan, but this ice cream is to-die-for.They grow a lot (if not all) of their veggies in a garden behind the restaurant, and their patio is a unique getaway that makes you forget you are in Pittsburgh. It would be a great place for dates, as the patio could be quite romantic and it is BYOB (only $1 per person even if you bring multiple bottles!).
3	Good food, but nothing too distinctive from other restaurants of its kind here in Pittsburgh.  I ordered the Street Noodle # 1 and it was good.  Nothing special.  I would definitely come back again, and I would definitely try something else. The other dishes I saw patrons eating around me looked very good though, so maybe I shouldn't have gotten something so generic.  The BYOB deal here is amazing by the way.  It was a dollar a person.As already been mentioned before in just about every user review, the outdoor seating at this place is beautiful.  Lush greenery, colored umbrellas, and a lowly lit patio that has a dreamy type ambiance to it, the patio alone is reason enough to check Pusadee's Garden out.   One of the best outdoor seating areas I've been to in this city.
4	After discovering Nikki's Thai up on the North Shore, we were beginning to think that we were tapped out on finding more good Thai food in Pittsburgh (a shout out to Smiling Banana Leaf and Green Mango). And then we found Pusadee's Garden, and are happy to add it to the list.They have a great garden in the back, and the food is very good. As other reviewers have mentioned, the service is on the slow side, but if you are not in a hurry, it's worth the wait. We had the pad see ew (very good... some of the better tofu I've had in a while) and a veggie pumpkin curry, which was also delicious. Everyone enjoyed their order.The variety is not as great as you might expect, but what they do, they seem to do well.
4	This was a great experience. Sitting outside you are next to their herb garden where they get the ingredients that they use in their dishes. It's a really nice place and the food is delicious. It's a bit pricey though and the portions could be slightly bigger (for the price).
5	Pusadee's is transcendent. Especially in the fair weather. There's something so transporting about sitting in their garden with twinkly lights, and all the different plants  and jungle ceiling that takes me out of Pittsburgh to somewhere tropical? The food I think is up in the best caliber of thai food that you can get in the burg (and there is a lot of good thai food competition here so that's a big thing). Pumpkin curry. go get it. All of the appetizers= amazing. Everything under the chef's specialities = super yum.Basically I'd like to eat here all the time. It's great for a special occasion or a date, or just grabbing some excellent food on a weeknight. I'm a big fan and look forward to my next meal here.
4	Visiting from NYC, I found yet another excellent Pittsburgh eating establishment!  The food here is top rate, and the ambiance and service is great as well.  The outside dining area looked awesome but it was a bit chilly when we went there the other night, so we ate inside.  The place seems to be in a somewhat remote area of the city, yet it was hopping, with many young people.  OK, to cut to the chase . . . I had the spicy basil with shrimp dish; it was EXCELLENT.  So was the pumpkin curry and THai fried chicken.  The appetizers were also quite good, especially the grilled pork meatballs & steamed garden rolls.  The fried spring rolls were ok and the curry puffs were quite good but not quite on par with the (somewhat spicier) ones I've had in NYC.  Still no complaints at all, and I will definitely come here again sometime to try more.  Unfortunately, they apparently close for the winter! :(
4	yeah i ate here the other night, in a tweed blazer and cable knit sweater.  everything was really good.  spring rolls were good, but the sauce was better - i drank the rest of it after i was done dipping. the main course, yellow w/roti; was yelpilicious as well -  it said it came with sweet potatoes but they were really small (though plenty of them - just not like i was expecting) and they actually tasted great but had more of a regular potato taste (if covered with yellow curry sauce).  Either way some great Thai and a nice little set- up, wish it was a bit earlier in the season - as the garden looks impressive.
5	One of my favorite spots in Pittsburgh... especially in the Spring and Summer!  The "Garden" is always so welcoming and lush. I always like to start with the amazing garden rolls, crispy crab rolls or the curry puffs.  For a main entree try the Pinapple Curry with Chicken or the Kee Mao. Always make a reservation and be patient with the servers.  It is so worth it!  BYOB is sweet too! My only complaint is that they close from November through mid-February.
4	(4 stars not 5 because I've only been here once and therefore can't vouch for everything on the menu.)Came here for date night and the food. After reading reviews on other Thai places in Pittsburgh, I chose Pusadee's because it seemed the most suitable for a relaxing dinner after work with my boyfriend and for good thai food. We sat outside on the patio, which was really nice. Even though it looks like a small space, we didn't feel crowded in with the tables next to us. The wait staff was quick and attentive, but not overly attentive like at other restaurants where I'm often caught mid-bite into a spoonful of my meal when they decide to check in on my table and ask if I need anything. Onto the food. I ordered the pumpkin curry with tofu and a thai iced tea. It was delicious! The thai iced tea was well prepared - it wasn't too sweet or overbearing like I've had at some other places. The curry had ample chunks of squash and firm tofu, and warmed me up when the temp dropped outside after the sun had set. One thing the restaurant could do to make the outdoor seating more bearable in late spring / early summer / late summer is add patio heating for the evenings when temps can still drop into the 60s or lower. Other than that, it was a pleasant treat to be seated outside!All in all, I'd go to Pusadee's again. While the food didn't blow me away, it didn't disappoint either. I think it's a great option for thai food and a nice overall meal-out experience in Pittsburgh. (Western PA isn't exactly the prime geographic area for Asian food in the world anyways.)
5	Yeah, yeah, yeah... I know what you are thinking. "ANOTHER 5-star review from this guy?" OK, I guess I do hand those out, but I honestly believe that I've gotten fairly good at avoiding the places that won't be good; thanks to Yelp and all of you guys, so there's a little bit of selection bias going on here... That being said, on to my review of Pusadee's Garden... This place is INCREDIBLE!! I recently stumbled upon a few really nice reviews for the place, and figured that today would be an opportune moment to take my family out for a nice Sunday lunch here.The entire experience did not disappoint! The photos on this page definitely do this place justice, although I must say it is even more quaint in person. The indoor space is quite nice as well, for those frigid or sizzling months when you would not really want to be on the patio...We had the garden rolls, steamed pork dumplings, woon sen (bean thread noodles, egg, and vegetables), and spicy seafood. For drinks, we tried the tamarind juice, mango juice, and Thai iced tea. Not one item was "meh" or uninspired - honestly, I felt as if we had been invited to a Thai family's home for a delicious home-cooked meal made from scratch with every dish. Here's the breakdown:Garden rolls - delicious "salad in roll format" with tasty veggies, thin rice vermicelli, and tofu. Served with a delicious spicy sweet and sour sauceSteamed pork dumplings - tasty home-made dumplings served with a really nice mildly spicy soy sauceWoon sen - very tasty clear bean noodles, served with egg and a ton of delicious fresh mushrooms, broccoli, cauliflower, and carrots. Mildly spicy - they ask you how hot you want it when you place the order, so it can be adjusted to your tastes.Spicy seafood - very nice plate of jumbo Thai shrimp (6), green mussels (4), and squid, served in a very tasty spicy sauce with tempura eggplant and rice on the side.Drinks were spectacular too - everything tasted home-made. Wow. It's BYOB and the glass fee is totally reasonable if you want to bring something to enjoy. Service was good - nothing rushed, but it wasn't slow for us - dishes came out in less than 10 minutes from when we ordered, even with the garden patio being full. I hear it's wise to make a reservation here if you want to have dinner, since it is rumored to get pretty crowded at night...Just. Wow.I think we have found a new go-to place for Sunday lunch and Friday dinners!! They were also very friendly to our little one, which earns them props... Will definitely be back to try a bunch of different dishes in the near future!
5	Best Thai food I've had in Pittsburgh.  Actually the best Thai food I've had anywhere.  Really good food, reasonable price.  I would recommend making reservations outdoors in nice weather.  The inside seating appeared to be cramped, loud, and a smelled of BO, though that was likely a particular patron.Try the Street Noodles -- YUM.  Would definitely recommend!
5	I've been wanting to check this place out since I found myself back in Pittsburgh about a year and a half ago.  There was always a reason that popped up that stopped me from going.  And I wanted to go when the actual garden was open! I'm happy to say that I finally made it to Pusadee's Garden this past Tuesday! Everyone was right...the garden was just beautiful.  Hard to believe that I was sitting so close to the traffic on Butler Street. The temperature was perfect.  Like a little oasis in the middle of a pretty urban neighborhood.We decided to get starters.  I had some vegetable tempura (with squash and sweet potato) and my beloved had the pork meatballs.  Both were excellent!For my main course, I had the especially yummy pumpkin curry with shrimp.  My beloved had shrimp fried rice.  He kept stealing the sauce from my curry because it was just that good.  Perfect amount of heat and really delicious.  You could tell that the shrimp in my dish was fresh.  So I feel very happy with my visit to Pusadee's Garden.  It was well worth the wait.  We talked to the owner for a little while after our dinner.  Found out that she has been at this location for nearly 10 years.  This makes this place extra cool.  A place with excellent food with owners that had the pioneer spirit in Lawrenceville.  They deserve all the success that they have today.  Can't wait for the next time I get a chance to get to have the best Thai in Pittsburgh!   Don't miss it!
5	Everything is just too good.  I should know I have tried almost all of it.
4	The food here is excellent, it is priced a few dollars higher than some of the other Thai restaurants here though. I've had the pumpkin curry, pineapple curry, and both street noodle dishes here. The street noodle dishes are amazing! The chicken is some of the best fried chicken I've ever had!The outdoor patio is also amazing! It's the best outdoor seating in the city. It's definitely a great spot for dates, it's very pretty at night.The only complaint I have was they need some sturdier containers for leftovers. I had a curry to take home, and it ended up all over my pants, my car, and my purse because it started leaking once I got to my car! Plastic or styrofoam is needed for the dishes with a lot of sauce I think!
4	Have always really liked Pusadee's, but ironically, had never dined in the garden until this week.  Wow -- it is magical.  You really are transported. The food is great and very reasonable.  Love the musaman curry and pad thai.  Service is good and friendly.  BYOB is a plus.
5	Pusadee's Garden may have put itself at the top of a few of my personal "favorites" lists: favorite Thai food in the 'burgh, favorite outdoor dining spot, favorite BYOB...yes, it was really was that good!I'd been wanting to try this place for some time.  I called on a Saturday afternoon, right when they opened up (around 4pm) and was able to make a reservation for a table in the garden area at 8pm that evening.  In preparation, a trip to the local Wine & Spirits was necessary. We picked up a bottle of Kung Fu Girl Riesling, which pairs well with spicy Thai dishes.  And now, on to the food!Based on recommendations from other Yelp reviewers, I went with the Pumpkin Curry with Tofu.  It definitely did not disappoint!  The curry was sweet and just a little spicy, with tender chunks of kabocha squash and zucchini throughout.  I ordered a side of brown rice (subbed for white for $1.50) and washed it all down with my Riesling...I was a happy girl!I can't properly review Pusadee's Garden without mentioning the beautiful ambiance of said garden.  A trellis covers the patio seating area, allowing vines to grow and create a "roof" over the patio.  Strings of twinkling lights, flowering plants, and wrought iron tables transport you from Butler Street to a tranquil Thai garden.  The food and ambiance made up for the severe lack of friendly service.  I don't think our waiter spent more than 30 seconds total with our table, but I didn't even care.  It gave me more time to enjoy good company, good food, and good wine!  I'd recommend this place in a heartbeat and can't wait to return this summer.
3	I had heard so much about this place and since my love for Thai food has no bounds - a visit here was a necessity. A nondescript exterior (similar to Nicky's!) opens to a bright and comfortable interior dining area which, although small, was sufficient if you wanted to eat inside. Our goal was to eat outside and we were seated in a delightful garden setting sheltered from the threat of rain by the cover of plants and trees. The menu was more limited than I had expected but there were plenty of options and we had no trouble choosing our appetizers and entrees. Interestingly, there were no daily specials which I thought was a bit odd. We started with the veggie spring rolls which were tasty if not a little overly crisp. We also had the tempura vegetables (kabocha squash and sweet potato chips) which were good but a little greasy. I could have sworn the squash was actually potatoes and not squash. I ordered the red chicken curry and my wife had the crispy tilapia. Also at the table we had tofu fried rice and pad thai. I tried to put aside my previously related bias towards all things Nicky's and approached this with an open mind. Alas, it fell short. First off, the selection of food options, especially in the seafood area, is no match for other Thai restaurants I've been to. Secondly, the range of flavors is far more limited. There wasn't that spectrum of unusual and delightful flavors I'm accustomed to when I order good Thai food. Third, the depth of flavor was severely lacking. Hints of Thai spices were there but the flavors fell flat and felt uninspired. All four of us commented along the same lines. The red curry was actually yellow in color and lacked the zip I look for. As you know, I always order my Thai food "Thai hot" but since this was my first time here, I only went with 9 on a scale of 1-10. It was not a 9 and didn't even wake up my taste buds. I know it's difficult to accurately and consistently replicate heat/spice levels, but a few red flakes floating in my curry is clearly not enough to elevate it to top heat levels. It was disappointing. My wife's tilapia didn't do it for me either and the "spicy three flavor sauce" was neither spicy nor have much flavor and the fish sat in what looked like a greasy pool on the plate. I think they're worthy of a 2.5-3 star rating since I feel a little generous and I need to compensate somehow for my Nicky's bias. I will certainly give them another shot but first impressions leave me disappointed. There are far better options around town for delightful Thai food.  If you're looking to try Thai for the first time, perhaps this is a good starter place. Then you can move up to really good Thai - go to Nicky's on the Northside. Still my favorite. No comparison
3	Wish I could give 3.5 stars here because that's exactly where I am on Pusadee's Garden. The garden space is really pretty with overhead grapevine trellises providing shade & seclusion and a treat in Upper Lawrenceville. The inside is comfortable, modern & really well done, too. The weather cooperated and we got seated outside.The menu is smaller than many other Thai restaurants in the city but I found 2 appealing seafood dishes - I just love fish with Thai sauces and spice, so it's where I typically gravitate. We started with crispy spring rolls and tempura veggies. They do tempura pretty well here and it's an art to get it right. I ordered the crispy tilapia which promised a mix of 3 special Thai sauces & lots of veggies with #6 heat. The sauce was more of a thick rub & the veggies were stuck in the rub but the fish was indeed crispy. It tasted really good but there was no sauce for my rice and one of the things I really appreciate most with Thai food is the sauce. Fortunately, hubby shared ladles of his red curry sauce to help me out.Admittedly I compare every Thai restaurant in Pittsburgh to Nicky's Thai on the Northside which I consider pretty darned perfect. Pusadee's atmosphere is very appealing and I happily enjoyed their food, I've just had better.
3	Oh Yelpers, you've blown this place up in a way that's completely unwarranted. True, the patio is cute enough. Sure, the staff is friendly. Ok, the menu has quite a few tempting sounding options even though its a bit smaller than some other Thai menus. But was it a stellar, 5 star worthy dance on my palate? Nope. Sorry. Our party of four started with two vegetarian appetizers, the crispy spring rolls and the tempura vegetables. The vegetables were pretty good, lightly fried and crispy,but the spring rolls weren't very delicious. Heavy with a soggy cabbage center. I ordered the Pad Thai for my entree, as I figured that would be a good gauge of Pusadee's Garden's style. My food was forgettable. Not bad, just nothing special about it. Almost bland where I wanted an explosion of layers of flavor. Am I asking too much? I don't think so, because I've had such an experience at another Thai restaurant that I won't bother mentioning here because its not quite fair. There's no comparison! I also sampled my wife's fried rice dish, which to me wasn't worth the calories based on how non-exciting it was.If I lived close by I'm sure I would occasionally order take out. It was perfectly good Thai cuisine. It just didn't excite me. Am I spoiled? Perhaps. A certain North Side establishment has apparently changed my expectations forever. I'm open to heading back and trying the Kao Soi, one of my favorite dishes. But as of now, Pusadee's Garden stands at a solid 3 stars.
5	A friend and I made it out to this wonderful Thai restaurant this past Saturday, 7/13/13.  My friend made us a reservation for a table out in the garden.  I must say, the garden is very well kept and gorgeous.  If you make a trip out to this restaurant, I highly recommend eating out in the garden. I started with the Steamed Dumplings, which I believe were homemade and absolutely delicious.  For my main dish, I got the Pad Thai w/Chicken.  This was by far the best Pad Thai I have had in Pittsburgh.  I highly recommend this place!
4	Went with some friends for after work dinner.  If you don't know already, it's BYOB.  I am now a fan of BYOB.  I ordered the pork meatballs, chicken satay, and the cabbage salad.  No complaints.  We were sitting on the patio in the heat and humidity.  The experience could have been made better by some standing fans.  Here's something unusual about this place: Our table of 7 was informed that they only accept 2 credit cards per check.  It meant for some scrambling trying to figure out who paid what.
5	My favorite thai restaurant! SO DELICIOUS!Street noodle number one is my favorite dish of the menu. I feel like this would be a place to experience real home-cooked Thai dishes, instead of the mass produced dishes most Thai places put out. I like that this place is basically a hole in the wall restaurant. The focus is on the food, not on the frills and decor.
3	In what used a be a shady corner in the dodgy end of Lawrenceville, now exists a miniature restaurant district, reminiscent of Bryant street in Highland Park.  On one side of the street you have Cure (my 2nd favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh) and Allegheny Wine Mixer (a really cool wine bar, one of the only ones in town).  Across the street is Pusadee's Garden, a Thai restaurant with a fantastic outdoor patio on the side completely hidden from the street.The garden is really the restaurant's big draw.  There's a small indoor seating area but the majority of the seats are outside.  The outside area is split into two halves, with one half having small tables with umbrellas and the other underneath an ivy-covered trellis.On a recent Saturday evening my wife and I were meeting another couple there for dinner and in typical Pittsburgh fashion, it was pouring down rain.  We called the restaurant to make certain our reservation was still OK and they said it was.  By an incredible stroke of luck, the sun came out right before we sat down.  Unfortunately, that meant that everything was covered with rainwater.  It also meant that during our entire dinner rain dripped on us, our food, and our wine.The menu is standard Thai fare: curries, noodle dishes, and a few "garden specialities."  We started off sharing crispy chicken spring rolls with plum sauce, chicken satay with peanut sauce and cucumber relish, and thai fried chicken with a sweet and spicy sriracha sauce.  It was all very tasty.  For entrees my wife had "street noodle #1", rice noodles with bean sprouts, bok choy, and more thai friend chicken.  I had a rice noodle dish with grilled duck breast, vegetables, and a spicy black soy sauce.  The duck was well done (not a way I normally like duck, but typical for an Asian restaurant) and the sauce had a nice spicy flavor.  Like many Thai restaurants, they ask you for a spice level of 1-10 for your dish.  I like spicy food so  I opted for a 6 and was glad that I did not venture higher.Pusadee's Garden is BYOB only and everyone around us had a varity of wines and beers.  Corkage was inexpensive, only $1 per glass. Overall cost of dinner was very reasonable and added up to about $40 for 2 people.Overall, we felt Pusadee's Garden was a good Thai restaurant.  The cuisine is standard Thai and honestly no better or worse than any other Thai restaurant that I've been to. There's nothing here that's going to push the envelope of Thai cuisine.  The BYOB option is nice and the garden is a very nice place to sit (when it's not raining).  Why only 3-stars?  Well, according to Yelp, 3-stars = A-OK which is how I feel about Pusadee's Garden.  It's a standard Thai restaurant with a nice outdoor seating area.  It's not someplace I would ever specifically seek out, but it's a good option if you're in the mood for Thai and there's nice weather outside.
5	LOVE this place for delicious Thai dishes and its outdoor garden patio (so wonderful for a summertime date night with a shady arbor and twinkling lights!). I went last night 8/04/2013 - I made a reservation for 8:45 (just in case ... it does get really busy here, and the seating is limited) and was seated promptly with my date in the garden. We had the Garden Roll and Fried Pork Dumplings for a starter. The Garden Roll (in a tapioca wrapper) was very fresh and full of basil and mint flavor. The Fried Pork Dumplings were exquisite with a zippy sesame dipping sauce - so crispy and savory. I had the Spicy Basil Rice with Beef, which packed some subtle heat (I ordered a 6) - just enough to give an extra kick to the flavor. If I were feeling more adventurous I would probably get an 8 or 9.  The meat was very tender and perfectly seasoned - the veggies were still crisp and zesty. My date's Red Chicken Curry was perfectly presented and very yummy. Lots of lovely color in every dish. Portions are generous, but we cleaned our plates. Would love to go back and save room for dessert! Service was prompt, very friendly, and not overly intrusive. Frequent water fill-ups :). It's best to make reservations and go on a temperate night to make the most of the outdoor seating. Only complaint is that the metal chairs could use some cushions for comfort, especially if you want to linger over your meal. At around $12 - 15 for an entree, this place is a great value!
5	Delicious Thai food! The noodle dishes are great but my favorites are the red and green curries! The best part about this place is the outdoor patio- a plant covered canopy with beautiful white lights. It's the perfect place to enjoy good food and good company. It gets pretty busy so I recommend making a reservation. Byob $1 per person.
4	If you are a foodie..then this place might not hit all the high notes but if you want to spend a pleasant summer night  dining at  an outdoor garden with a delightful Thai menu, this is the place to go. It is so reasonably priced, about $20 /person and is a BYOB with a very friendly staff . Don't go on weekends without a reservation though...it is crazy busy! I had the Pumpkin curry with Chicken and it was delicious, the sauce was thin enough to not be overwhelming yet flavorful.
4	Pusadee's is awesome.  Really try to get there in the summer when the garden is in bloom :)
3	After scrambling to get everyone together in the car and make the reservation on time, we ended up not having to hurry in the first place because there were still 2 tables left. We got the green chicken curry, red tofu curry, chicken pumpkin curry, and chicken pad thai. The whole meal was pretty average, The tofu didn't really go with the curry and the chicken was a little dry. On top of that the currys seemed too watery. The meal was way too expensive for what they had to offer. The garden was what brought me here and it was really something worth seeing, but after an hour or two I was done...
4	No one is lying when they say the outdoor area is incredible... because it is! If you entered through the back, you'd never know that busy Butler Street is right in front of you. But since you enter from the front... it tricks you into thinking you're in some sort of garden utopia because the trees and ivy are so thick. So if you boast such a wonderful garden in the summer... what do you do in the winter? You make awesome food so people come back! I'm one of those people that can sometimes end up going to ethnic restaurants and ordering the same thing over and over. I know, super lame. But I get scurred! Considering the couple we were with raved about the street noodles, I went out of my pad thai/curry comfort zone.I have to admit, I've only had street noodles once at Noodlehead in Shadyside and these were way more flavorful! I ordered up Street Noodles 2 with rice noodles and fried shrimp. I could tell right away it was way more filled with more zesty ingrediants. Competition's on the horizon Noodlehead! I like that it's BYOB, so you can bring your fave bottle with you. I will say, the dish isn't large, but just right. Let's just say, I was satisfied, but definitely ready for dessert later! But isn't that kinda the best of both worlds?
5	My wife and I went on a 65 degree day.  We brought a growler from Roundabout Brewery, for which they did not charge us corkage.  The food was very reasonably priced and it was delicious.  My wife, who does not typically eat Asian, had the garlic chicken.  I had the green curry with chicken.  I would have given the place a 4 if we had sat inside, but the outdoor seating was unbeatable.  I will definitely go again when the weather cooperates.
5	Enjoyed my birthday dinner here this year outside in the patio area!..  The family loved it and it was a nice cozy way to enjoy spending the evening together mixed with great food, all in all a wonderful way to celebrate.
4	We've been waiting a long time to try this place, and happily, we finally did so last night.  For starters, we tried the Thai cole slaw, mango salad and fried tofu.  All were delicious, and I'm not always a fan of mango.I had the crispy tilapia, which was great, but practically room temperature; we decided to give the restaurant the benefit of the doubt, and surmised that it wasn't supposed to be piping hot.  In any case, flavorful, crispy, spicy-- heaven!  Our vegetarian friend was very happy with her rice curry with tofu, which we all tasted and loved.  The third entree, bean thread noodles with vegetables, was also a winner.The garden really is lovely, green and lush, a nice setting for a relaxed meal with friends.If I were to compare it with Nicky's Thai Kitchen, I would say that Pusadee's food is better, by far.  Also, although Nicky's garden has a nice Thai/pan-Asian decor, it is cramped.  Pusadee's garden is roomier and airier.  Overall, a wonderful experience.
4	So far I would say this is my favorite for thai food in Pittsburgh!  The outdoor garden seating is gorgeous and the inside seating looked simple and pleasant.  The food was pretty standard, but I was only able to try the crab fried rice and pad see ewe.  Overall, I like when my thai food is flavorful, but not greasy!  Noodles were a good consistency and the flavors yummy!I'm definitely going to have to go back to try the street food noodles that everyone raves about and to enjoy their BYOB!
5	I had been meaning to go here for years and I'm so happy I finally went. Delicious food and quick service. I got the pad thai and split it with a friend. She doesn't like spice but I do, so we got a "2" and to my surprise it was so tasty, I didn't need any extra chili paste. It was moist and not too fishy. I was very satisfied with the whole dinner.
3	I visited again, and was under impressed by the food. I had good memories, but the flavors came across as bland. (Beware spices: by spicy they mean spicy. That's a plus in my book)
2	Well prepared but watered down Thai food.  Potential is huge, but food has been "Americanized".  Sad, because authentic thai food is full of flavors dancing in your taste buds.
3	The food was very good. I had the pork meatballs on sugar cane as an app, and the crispy tilapia as a main. Their Thai iced tea and mago juice are quite good as well. Their outdoor garden ambiance is lovely.Unfortunately, they had major issues with service the night I went. My table was not thoroughly cleaned and had splotches of left-over curry from a previous diner's meal. Also, we received our appetizers 50 mins after we arrived, and our entree took well over an hour to show up. I'm normally more patient with slow service, but it was a pretty chilly day outside and waiting a half hour for the check was excruciating. I gather slow service is not an unusual from the other reviews, so try to come on a warm night and be prepared to wait.
4	Great food and atmosphere!
3	Went here with a friend, shared the spring rolls and the pork dumplings as appetizers then got one of their "street noodles" for my main dish. The food was definitely good, but I have to say it wasn't as flavorful as I expected. I enjoyed it and would recommend it if you wanted Thai in Lawrenceville, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again for the food itself. I would definitely recommend this on a nice day as a beautiful place to eat outside! The garden atmosphere was wonderful, and I had great service.
3	Outdoor seating ambiance was super cute and could be romantic on a date. The Thai iced tea is delicious. The Garden Salad was also delicious. The pad Thai was nothing special though and very bland. I asked for 0 spice level though, but even without spice, other places have a more flavorful pad Thai. I also didn't feel that the staff was super friendly or personable.
5	Just gonna add my own two cents and say that this place is fabulous. I sampled the garden rolls, the Tom Yum soup, and the Pumpkin Curry. (Photos below.) I'm so glad we got to sit outside in their beautiful garden. It was so well shaded that it felt nice and cool outside even though I was all hot and sweaty from walking most of Butler St. window shopping. Nothing like a delicious Thai Iced Tea to cool you off. It was also very kind of them to seat us early. Our reservation was originally to be at 5, but we ran out of stuff to do and we were hungry. They had no problem getting us a table half an hour early. The staff was wonderful throughout the entire meal. Even though we had only one waitress, multiple employees came to the table to fill our water glasses, take away empty plates, and box up our food. We were well cared for. BYOB is nice. Didn't take advantage of it this time around but maybe on our next visit.I'll shut up and let the pictures speak for the rest.
4	First time at this place offered a great dinner.  Ordered the Garden Rolls and Tom Yum to start and had the Eggplant Basil.  All of these dishes were delicious. I will be back.
4	Gorgeous outside patio in the back. Perfect date spot. Bring a bottle of wine and be prepared to have (arguably) the best Pad Thai in Pittsburgh. The Green Curry was outstanding as well. Went on a Friday night and most people had reservations so plan ahead!
5	Amazing place to get thai!  Everything is reasonable price and you get great quality food. BYOB saves you a ton. Sit outside in the summer you won't be disappointed.
5	Food was great. Some of the best Pad Thai I've had in Pittsburgh. The street noodle #2 was also great if you like seafood. Pork dumplings were alright. Cannot go wrong with the Pineapple curry. What really sets this restaurant apart is the ambiance. Very cute outdoor courtyard with strings of lights entwined in hanging vines. Staff is great too. Highly recommended.
5	Food: 3.5Decor: 5Ambiance: 5Service: 5Value: 5
3	If dining al fresco is your thing, think "Pusadees."  If enjoying the best Thai food in Pittsburgh is your thing, think "Nicky's Thai."  That's not to say Pusadee's doesn't have its charms.  It's in my neighborhood, bonus; the patio puts to shame any patio in town, double bonus; and the service is good.  I just wish the food excelled a bit more.  But if you're in the neighborhood, give it a whirl!
5	Never had better Thai food before! Great service! Loved the outdoor garden setting. Don't forget to BYOB. You WONT be disappointed.
5	Every single person working was incredibly friendly! The food was amazing! The service was super fast. The atmosphere is gorgeous. It's very clean. I got the woon sen and it was absolutely incredible. Also, I am a total baby and ordered a 2/10 for spiciness, but I tried the 7/10 my friend got and that was really good too. This place rules. I will definitely be coming back.
5	I love Lawrenceville and I love this restaurant. It has a very elegant decor and the ceilings are high and airy. I went there for a family dinner and it was delicious, I couldn't have picked a better place. It's byob.
4	Went in on a cool Wednesday night. Couldn't ask for a better place to enjoy Thai food and the last of summer. The garden was beautiful and the ambience very relaxing. We ordered fried chicken and Thai spring rolls for starters. The fried chicken was tasty, crispy on the outside and well flavored inside. I'd never had any Thai spring rolls before. The herb (basil? I think) was too strong for me. I had very spicy kee mao for entree. Boy they did not hold back on the chili pepper oil! It was SPICY! I had my nose running and eyes watering (so if you were on a date, I'd suggest not asking for too spicy) . And for a spicy food lover, it was AWESOME!!Most of the time when a restaurant marks their dishes spicy, they usually end up "meh" for me...Service was very slow though, maybe due to a lot of people there. We were kicked out immediately after paying the check because another party was waiting for the table already lol hot place!
4	Singapore street noodles w/ chicken and shrimp curry-good bottle of wine from home. All you need to know.    Lovely service as well.... we were inside, and hardly pined for sitting out on the crowded,but lushly green, garden patio.     The chicken on the street noodles was perfect; crunchy, light, moist.  Shrimp curry sauce very flavorful. Oh, pork meatballs skewered with sugar cane- great way start and share, along with the spring rolls and satay.
4	I went to Pusadee's Garden for my first time tonight with family. We had a party of 9. This place is amazing! The ambiance of the garden transports you to a calm and serene environment; you completely forget that you are right on Butler street! The wait staff is very attentive and friendly. We started with crispy spring rolls and curry puffs. The spring rolls were on par with what you'd get anywhere else but the curry puffs were really great! Just enough pastry to keep the curried vegetables inside, but definitely not too thick. I had the street noodles #1 and my boyfriend had the yellow curry with roti. The rice noodles were super light and delicious, but I was ready to wrestle for that yellow curry! Flavorful and sweet with a bit of a kick. We both got a 4 for heat which was pretty mild. Next time I will venture for a 6. And there will definitely be a next time!
3	My boyfriend's brother was in town from Colorado and suggested coming here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon.. I was thrilled! I've heard so many amazing things about this place and surprisingly, it was a Thai restaurant in the burgh that I haven't been to! It was a gorgeous day, so we sat on their outdoor patio. The patio is awesome and definitely made me forget that the restaurant is located directly on a very busy street. Our waiter was awesome and was very friendly. I ordered the veggie fried spring rolls as an appetizer and we also ordered the pork meatballs on sugar skewers. For $4, I was disappointed that the spring roll appetizer only came with 2 small rolls. They were good, but not worth $2 each for how small and average they were. The pork meatball order came with 4 and they were delicious. My boyfriend ordered chicken fried rice, I ordered tofu pad Thai and my boyfriends brother ordered ginger chicken. I tried them all. The fried rice was nothing special, but good none the less. I really enjoyed my pad Thai, although the tofu was not prepared in the way that I had hoped. It was undercooked and mushy. The ginger chicken was awesome and packed with flavor- my favorite out of all the meals by far. I am disappointed to give this place 3 stars, maybe I didn't order the right meal- I would love to go back and give them another shot! They are BYOB and I wouldn't mind kicking back on their outdoor patio again :).
5	This is the best Thai in Pittsburgh. Period. Others might try to lure you astray, but they are heathens.The outdoor dining space is a green, vertiginous wonder, easily the best outdoor dining in the city. But the inside is also cozy and commodious, with a high tin ceiling and warm tea lights; the service is great inside and out.The green curry is the best I've ever had; ditto the massaman curry. The crispy crab rolls and pork meatballs (grilled on sugar cane skewers) are my favorite appetizers, but everything's excellent. The vegetables are always fresh, they grow their own herbs, everything comes out piping hot, and when they're briefly in season, the soft-shell crabs are tremendously happy-making.I've never had a bad experience here, and I come here a few times a month. The food is fresh and delicious, the space is literally delightful, and the service is faultless.AND ALSO: BYOB! :D
4	Superb Thai food in a beautiful outdoor setting.  I went during the summertime at night with friends and we shared a few bottles of wine we brought as its BYOB.  If its a nice warm night out and you're in the mood for some Thai food, there's no place better in the Pittsburgh area.
4	In my opinion, Noodle head has the better food, but Pusadee's has the better atmosphere, especially if you want to eat outside on the patio. The menu is nearly identical to Noodle head in terms of selection, but the prices are slightly more as they take cards. However I found the food to be less hot here compared to Noodle head - a 7 here was more like a 2 or 3 at Noodle head.The noodles were amazing though, as were the appetizers. While it may be difficult to find the entrance, once you do you'll be rewarded with a great meal and a great view. However it may not be worth going across town for, if you're near Noodle head.
5	I love this place. Between this and the Smiling Banana Leaf, Pittsburghers can get the best Thai in the city. What this has that the SBL doesn't have is a gorgeous outside dining space. That alone is certain to make either a good date even better or a bad date tolerable. It's BYOB. Not sure if they have a corkage fee.
5	The food was delicious and I love the garden.  I wish they had heaters so the garden could be used longer.
4	I've been meaning to visit this place for quite some time, since we live nearby.  We went on a cooler night, and sat on the patio of course.  We didn't have a reservation, but they were able to fit us in before the dinner rush.  I'd give the food 3 stars, but I'm giving an overall 4 because the garden is just so beautiful.  I ordered the Street Noodles.  They were good, and I really liked the vinegar based sauce.  That was something different from the other Thai restaurants I've visited.  One last note - if you're looking for spicy, this probably isn't the place to go.  I ordered a spice level 8 out of 10, that would be comparable to a 2 or a 3 at another Thai place.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. Cute outdoor seating area, delicious food, prompt friendly service. I've never had a bad experience here. They don't insult you with their spice level (meaning that it's HOT) like some other Thai restaurants. The tofu is consistently cooked perfectly. I've had the crispy tofu, crispy spring rolls, curry puffs, tong tongs, tom ka soup, every one of the curries, the pad see ew and pad kee mao and all of it every time has been delicious.
