5	I had Lowell repair a few amps that died over the years. He gave an initial assessment and quick turnaround on my amps; a solid state and few tube amps. Very reasonable pricing, honesty(he doesn't try to add additional parts to the bill), and his love for his craft makes him my go to guy for all my amps(and pedals)!
5	I found Lowell though Billy at B&D Guitar Repair before he moved his operation to B&D's location.  I have two vintage Marshall JMP 45W heads.One was made in 76 that did NOT have the vintage tone. I had two other people work on it. Both with very good knowledge of my amps.I had them install Mercury Magnetic transformer, power supply and choke. They also attempted to modify the circuit to match the circuit of an amp to match that of a loaner amp that possessed the tone I wanted. The loaner amp was my new baseline for tone.We even tried to source the exact cable that was used in loaner amp to make sure everything was the same. Nothing worked. I ended up buying another JMP head made in 78 (same year as the loaner). The tone was close to my wants, but still not as good.Enter Lowell. I took both heads to him. After several conversations I decided I did not want two amps that sounded the same and decided to let him have free reign on the 76.He made it so it sounds like the higher gain JCM800. AWESOME!For the 78, Lowell made it sound better than the loaner amp!Lowell is now my amp guy! He is honest and very easy to talk too. He knows his stuff and what to do to get every bit of tone out of an amp tailored to your desires.Next on his bench is my British made VOX AC30-TB that is missing "something". I KNOW you will not be disappointed with anything he does.
5	Let me tell you people something...Lowell is the best. I would never take my amps anywhere else. I took my old 67'  Fender Vibro Champ to him for a total overhaul and it sounds awesome! He did it quick and for a reasonable price. He knows exactly what he's doing. I also had a 90's Tweed Fender Bronco solid state that sounded too bright and after a some adjustments it sounded just as I wanted it..I was blown away! Plus he's such a nice guy!
5	Hunt is the best prices are insanly resonable for amp repair, and turn arounds are quick. He's the best amp tech i've ever worked with.
