5	You can't beat a free ten dollar check in!
4	Looking for a new driver for my golf game, I stopped by this location to check out their selection of golf clubs.  They had a decent selection of Taylor Made drivers and they were very reasonably priced.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XPZT3zLrkLkFSkBVxSsM3w?select=n2ILUoe8xdyTbIowPfNP3QI ended up buying a Taylor Made Burner Super Fast 9.5 degree driver for $149.99....not bad!  Hopefully, it will help improve my golf game....yeah right!  Just another excuse to spend some cash....ha!The employees here are very friendly and helpful.  I'm glad I dropped by.Return Factor - 100%
4	Good prices and friendly staff. I'm always greeted when I walk in. We've purchased many sports clothing items here, many of which were in the clearance section or featured as discounted items.Parking is easy, and this location never seems to be too crowded.A little bummed they didn't have snow helmets when I stopped by earlier today. The associate said they carried them last season (and on their website) and suggested I head over to Sports Chalet.
1	If you know exactly what you want and need NO assistance whatsoever, and you happen to be lucky enough to find it in your size, then by all means go here.  If you need any help whatsoever, you'd be better off wandering the parking lot for a knowledgeable squirrel.  This has happened EVERY time we have gone there for shoes etc over the last several years, so roughly 8 times in the last 4 or 5 years.Today, I went to buy new hiking boots and possibly rollerblades or roller skates.  Not an employee in sight.  I located and tried on four pair of hiking boots and settled on one that I liked, but wanted to try the next size up.  I couldn't see any in the size I wanted, but noticed the two shelves higher than what I could reach had several boxes BEHIND the front boxes.  No ladders or stools anywhere.  No employees anywhere.  I eventually slid a bench over to the area, climbed on top & looked for myself.  Nope, none in the next size up.  Looked & looked for someone who worked there, in hopes that they could call another store to see if they had that size in stock.  I gave up after lapping the store twice.Ok, so forget the hiking boots.  I still would like blades or skates though.  Rollerskates:  one pair for girls, one for men.  No women's.  None!  Rollerblades: three different ones in stock, all seemed really REALLY crappy, and one style was completely sold out, which I will assume was the only decently-made pair out of the bunch.  Had some questions about the crappy ones, but again...not a soul in sight.  I give up.  Zappos, here I come!Also, if you are a thief, this is your place.  I am very confident I could have loaded a cart full of stuff & waltzed out the door.  I seriously wondered if the doors were accidentally left unlocked and the store was really supposed to be closed.  3pm on a Tuesday, too.  Unbelievable.
4	The yelp check-in offer does not work! The guy at the counter took his time to figure out the check-in offer and once we were able to open it, the coupon it's linked to is expired. We were super bummed, but he gave us 15% off our purchase to make up for it! Hooray!
4	only reason i gave 4 stars is because it's a chain (support local). honestly though, this location is by far the best Big Box Sports Store i've ever been too...and i've been to all of them from "Tukee-Chandler-Gilbert-S S'dale-Phx-N S'dale. this is the one to go too. service is great. fast, freindly. everything is a hit. Plus, with a yelp check in (and, who doesnt check in now'a days? man up) you get $20 off of a $100 purchase. do that math. also, they have a new rewards card. its free. like Yelp. Free on the wallet, warm to the heart. check it out. ya'dig.
3	Nice friendly staff. Damn shoes are $$$$$$$$!
5	Huge store! Probably the biggest Sports Authority i've ever been too! Love the selection for the women's clothing and all of the shoes! The lines can be long though and the store itself is kind of hidden by trees which is a shame. Employees were nice and the sale rack was a good size! Dressing room area could be a little bit bigger though.
1	Why do I waste my time coming to this place? They NEVER have my size and their selections of colors and styles is horrible. If you're contemplating coming here save yourself a trip and just order from the web.
