5	By far, hands down, the BEST taco/burrito place in Vegas for a take out place.I love fried foods, even though I try not to eat it a lot.  Out of all the Mexican places I've eaten at in Las Vegas, California and Arizona, Roberto's houses the best chimichanga ever.There is a Roberto's in Arizona, but it is literally 50 miles away from my home.I miss Roberto's.  It's one of the things that I loved about living in Vegas -- it was 24 hours.
4	I once drove around for an hour trying to find this Roberto's. A little nicer and cleaner than other Roberto's but the food is the same no matter which Roberto's you stop in at. Best meal at 3am when you're belligerently drunk trying to find your way home. They always mess up my order. But whatever they give me, I finish it all. I heart the steak nacho's with extra salsa and sour cream. The best deal is the crunchy chicken taco with a chicken enchilada combo. I love how they stuff the taco with loads of shredded chicken, a little lettuce and tons of cheese.  The enchilada compliments it quite nicely.  The guacamole is processed but what the "o lay" do you expect for great mexican food at these cheap prices? Skip the beans, they aint  that great either. Tacos, enchilada's, nacho's, burrtio's, you can't go wrong ordering any of these.  Don't even think about going to Taco hell.I hear if you flash em in the drive through, it's free.
2	First, this place is located in a gas station.  Not that it makes it bad.  In fact, it makes it more appealing to me.  Unfortunately the food was just meh.  The shredded beef had very little flavor to it.  The enchilada sauce also needed some spice.  I guess if I was drunk off my rocker I might want everything on the menu.  Being sober, on a Saturday around 1pm, this place definitely needed some help.
4	My office is right across the street, but I always found that Roberto's has too much oil in their food. Today, I decided my starvation is going to accompany me to this restaurant that I fear for my health over.I ended up getting a carne asada burrito, but when I asked for extra meet... The lady said, "Are you sure? It is $3.00 more..." That made me question myself, so I told her, "Never mind." The burrito came out within two minutes, super-hot, and ready to go. I got the condiments which included carrots, one jalapeno, and the tomatillo sauce.I took the entire tortilla off and just put the inside on a plate. It was actually not that greasy today! I would suggest coming to this Roberto's!P.S. Their horchata is the best in comparison to other Mexican restaurants I have been to. Even the formal ones.
1	Not all robertos are created equally...this one is horrible. Staff is rude, asked for no meat got meat...lucky asked for no cheese and they actually did give me any, but skimped on the fries and the drink...horrible. The one next to my work is so much better
5	I've tried the tacos de Lengua and California burrito with no veggies and they were both amazing. This place also has a drive thru.
4	Pretty impressed. Good non - fatty meat fresh and flavorful. Fast and friendly service too..not the best in the world but it's better than most. Clean place too..probably will be back.
1	I waited in the drive thru for 10 minutes without even so much as a hello. I understand it gets busy but at least come over the speaker and acknowledge that you'll take my order when you can. I drove away as did the person behind me and went elsewhere. On my way out I saw three employees standing in the parking lot on break. Maybe only send one employee on break at a time? Very disappointing and frustrating.
1	Normally. Im a robertos enthusiast. But today. Was the day the music died.. the lady working the window was a c.u.next Tuesday. And who the hell puts bell peppers. In a quesadilla. And there carne asada taste like water.. sorry robertos. You score low today :( and that makes me sad.. $25 wasted
5	This is one of the few locations that has a drive thru, which is very convenient. It's located in a gas station, and has a small dining area inside. They are usually pretty friendly, and the order accuracy is good. The food is average, which is normal for a chain restaurant. Beats Taco Bell any day.
