5	Josette is a fabulous hostess... and I had the pleasure of spending Christmas Eve with her... ok, so I was with my Father and his new love Joan, but Josette was an ever present force within the dining room, and is charming as she is lovely. The dinner was amazing, from course to course to course. I began my meal with the Lobster Bisque, which was nice and warm on a (even for Las Vegas) cold Winter's night. This was followed by a loose foie gras with a balsamic reduction, which, while amazing, was only topped by my fathers appetizer... the escargot in a cream sauce. I figured, it being the holidays, I might as well go all out (though I am certain that the gym will disagree with me after the new year) and have the filet mignon, which was cooked to perfection (medium rare, if you ask me... and still red in the middle). Finally for desert, Josette served the traditional Normandie Noel log table side (either chocolate or grand marnier ). The service was wonderful, and the add to the over all experience, there was a delightful mixture of holiday music (and even some Frank Sinatra... how Vegas) performed all night long by a duo on a stage set up in the restaurant. I only wish that I lived in Las Vegas, for I would certainly be back to visit on frequent occasion!
5	I was just given a bag of Christmas cookies from this bakery, when leaving Josette's Bistro, and I have been snacking on them all day... crisp yet chewy (not sure how you do that, but it works) and so delicious).
4	Gotta say to find this place close to me was a real treat. Not too fancy of an interior but the food is great. Josette was there in person training her folks and attending to her customers finding the right wine for their lunch. I had some breakfast for lunch :)
5	Awesome dinner experience from the one man band on stage to the charming waiter to the one of a kind, Josette to everything we ate there.  Simply fantastic.We had the chicken pate and french onion soup for starters.  We ordered  the chicken crepe and the fish of the day which was an amazing salmon with crab meat on top.  The whole thing was topped off with a nutella, strawberry, banana crepe.  Josette is quite unique and she welcomes everyone to the place like they're an old friend.  I can see her approach to dining is what brings people back and makes them "regulars".  We plan on coming back too.She also runs a wine tasting every 3rd Thursday of the month which we will be at 4/17 for sure!
5	Just be aware that Josette (the chef/owner) is EXREMELY friendly as well as an aggressive self promoter of her own self which can be either charming or annoying depending on your own mood or personality.  Our party of 4 found her extremely likeable.  Her boyfriend is also the entertainment (singer) who is also an affable chap.   The food was delicious; we talked to people at other tables so it was like one big fun party.   All of this added up to a great time!!!!!
1	It's now closed, sadly.
