4	While I can't agree with the other poster's comment about a town full of terrible restaurants, (that was uncalled for) I will agree that Affinitos is very good italian and a reasonable price (they also offer nightly specials that can be awesome deals).They have a few spicy pasta dishes that I love!I also respect that on a number of occasions they were not willing to server what we ordered as they felt the ingredients weren't fresh enough 9or maybe they were out - who knows), but at the end of the day it only encouraged us to find other new favs.
4	We just moved to Anthem and Affinito's was our first stop. The food was very good and the service was excellent. We went back a second time for the pizza. It was good but we are New Yorkers and once you get outside the city it is hard to find any pizza that compares. We will go back as it is the best AZ pizza we have  had so far.
1	Only slightly better than average food (for the price range). Excellent service. Horrendously unacceptable atmosphere.  Dined here after 9pm. Looking forward to the first tolerable outdoor temps this summer, sat outside on the patio which we were told was non-smoking. Patio was quiet and peaceful--we were the only table seated out there until several people came out, sat a few tables over from us and started smoking.  Disappointed, we immediately got up and went inside. Asked the waiter about the smoking and he moved our food and drinks inside rather than ask the smokers to smoke elsewhere.Sitting inside was no better.  The group at the small bar was very loud and vulgar. Even a restaurant employee was literally screaming inside the dining room.When we got the check the waiter explained that he took two drinks off the check because the smokers were actually restaurant employees on a smoke break. WTF?!  He would have been better off not telling us that the smokers were employees.  If he didn't tell us we might have considered coming back. Knowing that the manager allowed employees to smoke on the patio while paying guests were dining out there only motivates me to write a review, not return and spend more of my hard-earned money.No amount of great service or decent food can make up for a 100% unacceptable, avoidable and miserable restaurant atmosphere. Zero effort was made to show even the most minimal consideration for that fact that paying guests were dining in the restaurant.  What kind of restaurant owner or manager allows the staff to create such a miserable dining experience for customers?
5	This place is awesome! Have eaten there numerous times and food is great.  Best veal parm in Phx. Good service, authentic Italian food.
4	I like Affinito's! It's pretty much guaranteed that my family will go at least once each time I go visit my parents. I've tried something different each time, and the Italian salad and Pasta Primavera really stand out as delicious entrees. The service has always been great, they are very courteous and attentive. It does tend to get busy around 6:30 or 7 (at least when I've been there, which is usually during typical vacation times) but I've never had a problem getting a table if we've been there early.Bonus: If you sit outside, they bring you butt pads for the chairs because they are super uncomfortable otherwise.
