5	This place is awesome. I guess I should mention that I'm not a serious climber, I just do it every so often for fun, so I'm not sure how this place compares on a more hardcore level. It can get a little pricey depending on how addicted you are to climbing, but they offer different packages (everything from one-day to a lifetime membership!) It's very beginner-friendly and great for parties. They also have a shop where you can buy gear, and last time I was here it looked like they were extending the bouldering section.
5	This is the finest rock gym in the Valley and has been around the longest. With a talented crew in Dief and Marty K - You cant build a better gym. They have solid route setters, a thrash and dangle lead area and a natural style rock area for working on crack climbing. Other areas include a chimney area and an off width area as well They sell climbing equipment as well and theyre prices are more than reasonable...Help support the little guy!
4	been here once and had a blast. if your looking for an activity that requires more effort than the movie theater than try this place out.  the price is fair with the amount of climbing available and they have all different kinds of levels. me being a beginner, i still climbed until i was completley tired and didn't get to everything.  took my six year old too and she had a blast. won't say who did better, but i think i am getting old or something.  if i had the energy and the skills i would get a membership immediatley and go all the time.  fun to try.
5	Teeming with people most nights, Phoenix Rock Gym offers quite a few walls for all levels of rock climbers... from beginners to seriously hard-core climbers.  They're open till 10p.m. weeknights, which is fantastic for those of us who work.  Everything can be rented there, from shoes (bring your own socks) to harnesses to even chalk bags (but if you're polite the employees are pretty nice about just throwing in a chalk bag for free).  My typical experience:  Wandering in with a buddy who has already been forewarned about my lack of ability at rock climbing.  Roving from wall to wall, sometimes doing 5.6s to give myself an ego boost, sometimes doing 5.8s to push my body a little further.  But about 2 hours later, sated by my exercise for the month.  :).  Hours later, sprawled on my bed, with at least one arm upon a homemade ice bag set on a chair.  And thinking... "It was so worth it!"I hope to one day update this review... and claim that I've climbed successfully 5.10s and 5.11s.
5	This place is better equipment that the rock climbing gym I used to frequent in SF. They also change the walls, which I'm not sure happens at all places. It also has what looks like a pretty decent bouldering area, but I don't have arms of steel yet, so I haven't tried it out. There was no first timer orientation charge that I had to pay elsewhere, you just watch a simple video on the basics and safety, which you should pay attention to because they have a mini quiz on how to tie in and belay. The gym is pretty decent size, and wasn't too crowded on a weekend afternoon when I went. No waiting for ropes, so you could climb one of the two 5.7's or something. They have lockers there too, but the pickings were limited, so try to throw everything in your car if you can. The staff are friendly and helpful, so give it a shot!
5	I have not been here is quite a while so I honestly do not know if anything has changed. This place is awesome. Its a great place to go for fun. For a date, out with friends/family, for exercise, and pretty much anything. i love how great you feel when you get to the top of the wall. They have easy areas for people like me, and hard areas for those that are more experienced. You do have to sign a waiver, which is pretty funny (you will die is the main point), but i did not find it to be deadly in the least. They have a video to teach you the right way to climb and then staff throughout to show and help you the whole time.
4	Unfortunately, I'd broken my ankle two weeks before I was supposed to go on this Phoenix trip and couldn't participate, but nonetheless, we'd planned on hitting this climbing facility with friends and so we did; incapacitated, I was still eager to see my friends take to the walls...This gym has some awesome [looking] routes!  For those of us accustomed to seeing an"abcd" rating system (i.e. 5.10a, 5.10b, etc), its a little bit mysterious and enticing that this place uses a "+/-" rating system.  Esco said it was actually exciting to go into a climb with no preconceived estimation of its difficulty; just get on the wall and climb. And it seemed the skill set required from one climb to the next  could be drastically different - from wide slow static climbs demanding of a strong core and limber/flexible reach, to climbs requiring dynos from contorted postures and awkward launches...The climbing walls here see quite a bit of wear, evident by the exposed wooden surface underneath the paint that has been worn away in places; smooth wooden surface atop a welded metal framework, not much different structurally. However, the lack of textured wall surfaces renders most of the ascents a straightforward use of grips and footchips; stemming and smearing is hard to do on a smoothfaced wall.At first, we were concerned that with myself laid up in crutches we would have only one certified belay person for our group of 4, but Phoenix Rock allows people to belay after just a 10minute video orientation and brief hands-on instruction.  A great place for groups of beginners!The staffer who assisted us was a charismatic and friendly guy by the name of Gravity.  Really.  Great nickname for a climbing gym staffer, right?  He made our newer climbers comfortable with their equipment and took special care to relay and emphasize all the safety precautions and practices of rock climbing and belaying. Throughout the day, as he made his rounds through the gym, he'd occasionally come by to coach our newer climbers and offer tips and advice to our more adept climbers attempting difficult ascents.Altogether a nice climbing gym with a homegrown decor and vibe.  I wish I had the chance to climb here and experience the different route/rating system, but even from the sidelines, I can say this is an awesome place.If ever I'm back in Phoenix (and back on my feet!), I'm checking this place out again.________________________They (or at least Gravity) would have let me climb one-legged... he himself having broke both of his ankles and took a break from climbing before could tell I was fiend'ing...
5	For Review Number 400 I decided to choose a place from my recent visit to Phoenix that stood out from the rest of the places I visited on the trip by far. This rock gym is located in Tempe close to the young college community of ASU. I have been to many rock gyms and one of the things that always stands out for me is customer service in a place. Upon entry we were instantly greeted with a friendly smile and welcoming voice by Michelle the manager. She asked if we had been there before had us fill out waivers and proceeded with friendly small talk and helpful information about any thing we had questions about in the gym. We spent the first 2 hours or so bouldering in their boulder area with few if any others in the area at the time. The ratings in the boulder area were stiff and I felt like a weakling trying to climb these V0+ routes and failing. Then I remembered those are 5.10s at least and don't beat yourself up so bad, I said as Deb flashed a V2.  Our friends ended up bringing their kids (age 2 and 5) to the gym later and along with a few other adults and teens and with the help and guidance of Kat and Gravity we go them climbing immediately on the ropes. I had not actually used a Grigri before as I use ATCs when I climb with rope but just a simple lesson got me cruising. Customer service and a great selection of routes with reasonable prices, make me wish I live in Tempe!!!! Will visit again soon.
5	The customer service at this gym is unbelievably positive!  I have been to many indoor rock gyms and the ones that always stand out to me are the ones with friendly and attentive staff members that care about what they are doing and their customers.We were greeted immediately as soon as we walked in.  Within 5 mins, we had signed the release forms and paid $12 each for our day pass.  They have a bouldering area on both the downstairs and upstairs.  The ratings are true to outdoor routes (V0's are at least  5.10).  Routes are nicely marked and made.  We climbed for 2 hours in the bouldering area and there was plenty of routes for us to figure out and try.  But this gym is mainly a top rope and sport climbing gym at its core.  Our friends brought their kids there after we climbed for awhile and we were able to learn how to belay them using a grigri.  I have only belayed using an ATC belay device so it was nice to learn something new.  The kids got a lot of guidance from the staff.Overall, it was a very nice and pleasant climbing afternoon.
5	I loved everything about my experience at Phoenix Rock Gym.I had never been climbing before and was a nervous wreck, but the staff put me at ease, made me feel safe and comfortable and I had an exhilarating experience.Great workout. Perfect way to clear your mind and learn to focus. And they have different areas to accomodate every level of climber.I will be back.
1	If you live in Phoenix and want to climb in the A/C the summer your kinda stuck with this place. There is too much of a stuffy corporate feel here to have any fun. Good place for kids b-day party. Go make use of the great nearby climbs that the Phoenix are has to offer.Its FREE!
4	Loved it - went on a day pass with a friend and it is a huge gym.  Tons of walls, and the staff was extremely helpful in giving us a refresher course on the knots and technique as well as watching out for us.  Some of the paths seemed like they were missing tape or holds as the way up just seemed unreasonably impossible, but the sheer size of the place and the helpful staff makes this a great visit.  Also a good variety on things to do, from bouldering walls to verticals to inversions...
4	We stopped here on our way through Arizona... it's one of those gyms where the holds are mounted on a wooden base... the climbs were interesting and utilized a variety of techniques but personally I'm not crazy about the having +/- ratings instead of abcd. There is a really good variety of overhanging climbs though, good work for arm strength :). I didn't check out the lead or bouldering areas but they have two stories of bouldering on the side. They do something weird when you climb toprope on steep overhanging routes where you're supposed to lock your rope in at various points along the route to keep from swinging, and then manually unclip it as you go. Seems like if you're projecting big overhangs, even on sport, you should be able to handle the risk of a swinging fall, but hey, safety first I guess.
5	The Boyfriend and I went last night - an attempt to do something different - and man was it FUN!It's $16/person for the day pass and all the gear you need. As first timers, we had to watch an orientation video (no longer than 10 min) then a very informative and friendly staff member took us step by step through the basics of belaying, climbing, etc etc till we felt comfortable with it. After that, it was totally free for all!!The entire place is just wall after wall of man made rocks with random ropes every few feet. They have preset paths with numbers to designate how difficult that climb is (the higher the number, the harder the climb) but they also have an area without any numbers and plenty of rocks for n00bs like me. But for non-n00bs, they even have a belay-free zone where you can climb independently.Seriously, it was a TON of fun! The Boyfriend and I took turns climbing and belaying for a little over an hour until we decided our bodies couldn't take it anymore. Don't be fooled - this shit is TOUGH! I'm anticipating soreness in my arms and legs soon...Some tips for when you go:- Bring water! You sweat and get outta breathe, so something to quench your thirst is good. This place doesn't have AC, just s few big fans.- Go in pairs, unless you don't mind sitting out every other climb.- If you're scared of heights, this is a great place to face it.- Don't wear short-shorts. I made that mistake and paid for it with an hour long wedgie from the harness.
3	I've only been once so far but I had a pretty good time.  I'm out of practice and enjoyed their large selection of easy routes.  They seem to have a pretty good selection of more challenging routes as well.  The only downsides were the crowd and the heat.  I will be going again.
4	This is not a fancy snooty rock gym, it's simple and to the point.  Come in, get pumped, and then take your skills out doors for a real climb.  I don't understand why people seek fancy rock gyms... It's a gym, it's purpose is to get you strong to be outdoors.  Go!
4	You'll never find me scaling a mountain in the Alps, but if I ever want adventure with a safety net, Phoenix Rock Gym is my spot. During a recent visit to Phoenix Rock Gym, I first walked in and noticed how spacious the vicinity is. I expected a couple walls and instead the entire warehouse is full of rock walls of every level of difficulty imaginable. There's a wall for beginners and a 30 foot wall with rocks hanging upside down for the experts who really will scale a mountain in the alps. Phoenix Rock Gym is a great time and a great way to burn some calories while doing something fun and meeting new people. The owner of PRG is an experienced climber and staffs other experienced climbers. I enjoyed looking at their photos on the wall and seeing them in their different elements. For the great outdoors men just using PRG for practice, they have a rock climbing shop upstairs that houses essentials for the outdoor adventure. The staff keeps an active calendar of events including challenges for frequenters of the gym. While I am a scaredy cat when it comes to climbing, they kept me safe and secure as I scaled the wall and tried not to think about plummeting to my death. I felt safe with the spotters and the gear is sturdy and top notch. I will definitely be back again soon and maybe eventually move on to wall level #2!
4	I had my review all planned out...and then I read Peggy's review *below mine* and she totally summed everything up.  Went with friends and had a great time. Definitely feeling it today in the arms (which, apparently, you're supposed to use your legs more than arms). Oops! We arrived about 6 to watch the videa, did some climbing, and even attempted to climb the ropes (think middle school gym class). By the time we left at about 8pm, the place was packed!The staff was super nice and knew the regulars by name.Will definitely be going back! (It doesn't hurt that Four Peaks Brewery is a short trip around the corner and up a ladder!)
5	I'm writing this 9 hours after leaving and boooooooy oh booooooooy are my arms sore!  And my fingertips.  And my chest.  And my legs.I had the Deal Chicken coupon and took a girl from work.  I had no idea what to wear.  I had no idea how to wear my hair, expecting a helmet.  So, I didn't do much to it after rolling out of bed.I wish I had, because the place was full of cute guys!They're really into making sure you have the safest time while you're there.  You sign a wavier, with an emergency contact.  (YIKES!!!! Haha!)  You watch a video about safety and how-to.  Then, you're guided by an instructor and have to do a few climbs with them present.  Mine was a hottie named Robert.  Ohhhhhh Robert.  Super-friendly, cracking more jokes than I was, which rarely happens.  He showed us the ropes (get it?  Ropes?  You're harnessed into ROPES!  I kill me!) and then showed us around to walls better for beginners.The place is pretty big.  They mark different climbing trails with a difficulty level, and keep them color-coded.  We tried three different walls.  We had to move from one area because these two cute guys kept talking to us and I didn't want my ass sticking out from the wall, in their faces, while trying to concentrate on not slipping and dying in front of them.  It was fun, we stayed a little over 2 hours.  I'm pretty sore, but I was wise and made an appointment for a massage for tomorrow.Oh, and I'll know better next time and make sure my hair is done perfectly.  They told me most of the single guys are there on Tuesday and Thursday nights.  If you see me there then, hide.  You're not my competition and I'll cut your safety rope.
4	I've never been climbing before and was excited to try it for the first time. The facility is huge and colorful which makes it look super fun and inviting. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly as well as very good at making a newbie like me feel safe. There are many different walls of difficulty, giant climbing ropes like they have in old school gym class, as well as two bouldering rooms where you climb only as high as you are comfortable falling because there is no ropes involved. I stuck to the beginner wall and scaled it 3 times, not quite to the top though. Thanks to Lindsay F. for putting together the UYE. I'm so glad PRG was participating in "Yelp Kicks Butt" or I may have never thought of coming here.I plan on coming back with my husband and trying to get to the top. **They don't have lockers, just shelves, so leave your valuables at home or locked in the car.
5	Like the previous reviewer I had to wait a few hours to write my review because I couldn't lift my arms to type until now!  I had never been climbing before but I'd been wanting to try it so I made one of my friends come with me to try it out.  For $16 you get the shoe rental, harness rental and access to facility.  For first timers they make you watch a video (don't be worried if you don't have every word memorized) and then an instructor goes over everything with you, making sure that you're comfortable with everything before they leave.There are a bunch of different walls with varying difficulties.  It's a lot of fun trying to stay on the paths they have set up.  A word of advice, they're harder than they look from the ground.  Some of them look really easy and then you fall off three steps up, but it's a lot of fun.  I'm going back on Thursday with a different friend and I'm super excited to try everything again now that I know what I'm doing!
4	We had a fun time rock climbing here when we took the youth we mentor. It was a wonderful time! The staff was great and showed us how to climb the walls as well as the ropes. We all had a wonderful time!
4	This rock gym has more variety of walls compared to the other gym in the East Valley, Climbmax.  For example, they have a corner where the walls are like the ones you find outside.  You have to find the holds.  You can also bring a lock if you want to secure your items in a locker.  Staff has always been friendly.  The main reason I'm writing this review, however, is for the service I received while buying a pair of climbing shoes.  After having no luck at REI(limited women's selection and small feet.), I decided to check out the Tufa shop.  Even though the saleslady looked like she was talking with a friend, I was immediately greeted.  I asked for help in finding climbing shoes, and she started digging around the shoe section.  She brought me a ton of shoes to try out, and was knowledgeable about each one.  She never showed any annoyance during the half hour I was trying on the shoes.  I had trouble deciding between two pairs, but she let me boulder a little w/each pair.  That quickly settled it.  I was very satisfied w/the service I received and my new shoes.I have to take one star off, however, for having swamp coolers.  Nothing like walking in when it's +100 outside and discovering that it's 10 degrees cooler with 100% humidity.  I have also heard that their bouldering section is rated harder than Climbmax, making it beginner unfriendly.  I'm not taking stars off for this since I haven't tried it yet.
4	This was my first time climbing in years so I definitely needed a refresher course. I was a little scared at first because I never belayed for someone before and I didn't wanna drop my friend!! :/ But the staff there was super friendly and really helped me get comfortable with everything. There were quite a few routes marked to try out. So plenty of fun for hours (or until your arms fall off)! :D What's nice is that you pay $16 for the shoe, harness and day pass and you can come back later that day if you wanna take a break.
4	In all fairness and in the interest of full disclosure, I am not a climber.  I am reviewing this strictly from a bytander's viewpoint, i.e. if you were a soccer mom bringing your kids to this place.  Came in to observe the boyfriend and another friend climb.  The staff is friendly and seem to know what they are doing.  If you had kids I'm not sure how the supervision would really be.  They are nice to provide at least some chairs for folks who are not climbing.  The place is clean enough, although like all rock gyms I'm sure, it smells like boy sweat and exercise.  A combination I'm not particularly fond of.  Went on a Tuesday and it was busy.  This seems to be a very popular spot.  There are a ton of walls and each wall has varying degrees of difficulty which is good for climbers of all levels.  The best part for me at least is that it is next to Republic Ramen and a Karaoke bar.  Perfect if you aren't doing the climbing :)
3	I've never been climbing before, in doors or out doors..infact upper body strength is something I totally lack, but when I was asked to go I was excited to try it .I dont know what the average price of an afternoon of this should cost, but it seemed dirt cheap!I had alot of questions, some serious some total smart ass out of kinda being nervous I would make a fool out of myself here. The instructor was very patient with me, and went over everything and even laughed at some of my jokes. POINTS there.
4	I really liked the fact that the atmosphere is more of down to earth and friendly people climbed there.I went there as a beginner and they sure did not treat me like I was a beginner and that is good! Rock climbing is my new-found hobby.
4	I brought my kids here last weekend and they loved it!  They open at 10am on weekends and we got there around noon or so on Sunday, and there were only a handful of people there.  The staff was friendly and helpful so we left them for a few hours.  When we came back around 3pm it was much busier!  Still plenty of open spots to climb though.  I bought a bunch of half-off certificates at Groupon-like sites for like $8.  It's for all day climbing with all the gear...even shoes!  I think I'll be trying it next time!
5	I was in town and curious to check out a new gym.  I was alone so I could only use the bouldering walls but I got a look at the place.  The staff was very friendly and the bouldering had a great range of challenging courses.  I didn't see any serious physical equipment for lifting weights or cardio or anything (like you might find at some gyms), and they weren't really selling any food or drinks, so it's pretty much for pure rock climbing, but they had some awesome looking walls and I was really bummed I didn't have anyone to belay for me.  Anyhow, cool gym.
4	This was a brand new experience for me, but so much fun!  The staff was very patient and helpful, and we felt perfectly safe after some one-on-training even though we were all newbies.  Only complaint is that the beginner's walls were a little crowded, while there were a lot of super advanced walls not being used.  May want to swap the ratio to match the customer base.  But a very good time and an amazing workout.  It may be days before I can lift my arms again...
5	i can't believe how age and wear and tear grind on the body. i use to be able to do this, i thought, much better! i had an online coupon so i took my wife for some indoor rock climbing. she had never been and is terrified of heights, so i thought, why not?the staff was friendly and casual, and after a brief orientation video, we were given a more hands on orientation by another staff member. although i "knew the ropes"...hahahaha....my wife did not. and since she would be my belayer, i wanted her to know what she was doing. the hands on orientation is very fast. my wife started to glaze over as soon as she heard "carabiner". but she was able to attend and after several climbs, i was without broken bones. the gym is huge and full of difficult and not-so-difficult climbs. we never had to wait for a rope. there are storage areas for your stuff, but no lockers. they rent shoes, chalk bags, harnesses, everything. and if i'm not mistaken, teach classes as well. always fun for me. and i hope my wife still loves me after making her climb a wall with rocks bolted in it with nothing but me holding on to her.
4	My husband brought me here so I could try climbing for the first time. I don't like heights but when the activity looks safe I won't let my fears prevent me from trying it.  I think the scariest part was realizing I had to "belay" him and be responsible for his safety. He's a good guy so I figured I'd keep him around. They give you a harness, and horribly uncomfortable climbing shoes. Maybe I had the wrong size? The video wasn't really helpful I have to admit. You can't learn anything from it as a first timer, you really need that 1:1 instruction that is provided afterwards to teach you how to fasten the ropes and check them. That part of the instruction was great. The climbs are labeled with degree of difficulty, so you can choose accordingly. One of the hardest parts is letting go of the wall as your partner lowers you down. It was nice to see all levels of experience in there.  A few other newbies like me on the same courses, and there were also a few show-offs...ok, I'm just jealous they were really impressive.Verdict? Yes, it was pretty cool. Check it out!
4	Solid four stars. Very nice array of lines to climb, open, friendly, spacious. Though I considered giving this a 3 because their bouldering area leaves a lot to be desired, small, cramped, short, and just overall not very good. But I think their top roping and lead walls make up for it, if your a boulder first kind of climber, this gym might not be for you.
5	PRG has been my home since arriving in the valley.  Keeping a busy schedule doesn't allow me to get outside as much as possible but the comradery, atmosphere and variety are driving factors.  Whether your just curious, gym rat or seasoned climber willing to breakdown and pull on plastic for the day, this will be a great experience.  They have a great team for the youngsters and gifted route setters and keep all levels challenged and eager for more.  The staff is super helpful and though they may seem stern the sport is inherently dangerous.  Without the constant checks or hold your hand approach you could end up hurt or worse.  Enforcing the rules to keep you safe are what they're employed to do.  The gym will give you a great introduction to the sport and with networking you'll find great friends that will help keep you safe and hopefully outside to really pull on some mineral!!!
5	PRG is at the top of my list for climbing! Their staff is always super helpful and they're constantly changing up the walls. Side note though, if you're a first timer, it's more helpful going with someone who's actually been before to use their tips and knowledge.
5	When it comes to rock gyms, there is no place like home. For me, an avid plastic climber, Phoenix Rock Gym is like a second home. Friendly atmosphere, free of work hassles, and hundreds of routes to climb make it my place to be. Beginners and elite are all welcome, and all chalenged on the walls. I love being here, and I am certain that you will too. See you on the walls.
3	Look, I really have a blast at the rock gym, and if the price was more reasonable my wife and I would easily be regulars here, but it's just a bit out of our reach to come here as much as we would want to. The staff is well informed, the facility seems to be well kept up, they have a bunch of different routes of different difficulty, I just don't get their prices... man I'd love to come here more often.
5	Had such a great time here! I came here with coworkers as part of a team building activity. There was only 6 of us and some had never climbed before and we also had avid climbers. The staff was great and made me feel very comfortable. It was great I had so many different types of walls to climb. I can't wait to go again.Maybe when it's a bit cooler though. They only seem to have swamp coolers and fans which is no match for an Arizona summer day.
5	This is a great place to go rock climbing. The staff is very helpful and the environment is very relaxed. Plenty of room to do your own thing, and a number of great climbs for any skill set. Can't wait to go back!
5	This was my first experience, I got a few discount tickets on Living Social.  Normal price is 18, that is for unlimited time, instruction, and full equipment. Excellent way to spend an afternoon when it's raining (LOL) or too hot to be outside. I was suffering from serious cabin fever at the end of summer and this was just what I needed.Now, I'm a fairly uncoordinated person, and I'm terrified of heights. BUT, everyone here made me feel really secure. They take safety serious, the employees enjoy their jobs and are there to offer techniques, etc.. I embrace constructive criticisms,  employees came out of the woodwork to offer examples of how to make things easier. Which is what it should be like when you are engaging in something new. I have 3 more passes to go, and I can't wait to go back.
2	This place has a cool vibe. Unfortunately, all of the bouldering problems are set by gnomes and Lilliputians, which incidentally caters to what seemed to be their primary clientele: a raucous horde of screaming eight year olds.
4	This place is pretty fun! Staff is friendly, and it stays cool, even in the summer. I have been here twice and both times had a pretty fun time. It was not as intimidating as I thought it would be. My only advice for patrons is don't go in shorts!!! :P
4	Great place to go with friends for a change of pace.  You learn how to belay and climb and definitely feel accomplished at the end of the day.  They have shoes and gear there and Groupon deals.
4	If you're looking for a fun new experience, or you're just not into climbing outdoors, this is a good way to get out of the house and do something different.I've been to this gym a few times over the years, but never often enough to get out of having to watch the safety video and go through the climbing training.  This last part is probably a good thing, just so I don't drop my boyfriend as I'm letting him down.  There's not much to say, one climbing gym is generally like the other.  This one has a bouldering area, which when we went was under construction and a pretty cool crevice that you can climb inside.  It can get a bit crowded with "real" climbers (the ones that can actually follow the color path and make it all the way to the top) but you can still generally find room to climb.  The employees are always willing to help if you forgot how to do something or need assistance.  Don't be afraid to ask.  If you aren't in a rush to go, wait for a deal to come up on Groupon or Living Social, because they do often and it's generally half price.
2	Ashley B. has nailed it right on the head. Check out her review and she says it all. On top of the rude and degrading employees, really $13 for a day pass? The average person probably lasts about 2 hours (at most) at the rock gym. And that price is if you have gear.... $18 if you don't....UGHHHHHH
2	Dropped in for a night of bouldering while on vacation. Full of kids and ASU first-timers. Ratings are all over the place, Yosemite ratings on  the bouldering walls and other problems rated v14 (my ass). Super inconsistent ratings, best approach is just try stuff. That said there were two separate bouldering rooms and a fair number of problems. Maybe I'm spoiled by my home gym, but this just wasn't as satisfying.
5	I chose to start rock climbing at this gym because its close to work.  The first timers training was very informative, I received all the info I hoped I would and even made some friends along the way.  This gym is awesome.  The rentals fees are low, the gear is in good shape and the staff is super friendly and eager to help out without making you feel like a dummy for asking.  One thing I find terribly funny is that you can get a lifetime membership for only a million dollars, I can't decide if this is a joke or a typo but it makes me laugh all of the time.
5	I haven't climbed at every gym the area because I'm about a mile away from PRG and I love this place. The staff is really friendly and the setters aren't sand-baggers, meaning the problems are rated quite difficult. If you can climb at PRG you will find it easy to climb most everywhere else, including outdoors. My only gripe is that their setters aren't very consistent. The problems can get very challenging, requiring you to think about how to send each route, however, one 5.10 might be much easier than another 5.10 and it's even worse for bouldering where some V2s are like other V1s and some V1s are like other V3s.
5	I listed 5 stars because PRG is "as good as it gets" in my book having only been to 2 other rock gyms in my life. The staff are very helpful and the orientation training was sufficient (although it's been so long since I went through it I can't accurately review what their curriculum is today). They change the routes frequently enough that you don't get bored but leave them enough that if you go regularly you'll get a "second chance" at that route that gave you troubles last time.They keep the bathrooms clean and there is plenty of storage space for your stuff. My only warning would be the heat of the summer. The AC in PRG is working really hard just to "mildly" cool the place. I don't really mind the heat because I enjoy working out and getting sweaty but I only list this as a warning to others to whom it might be a turn-off. Like I said, I've only been to two other rock gyms but I really like the lay-out, the vibe and have never had a negative experience at PRG.Go! Do something daring and climb a rock wall!!!
5	love prg!
4	I brought my wife here for a date night recently. We had purchased 50% off passes through google offers and decided to drive down finally and check it out. We printed out the waivers from their website and brought them with us. Every new person has to watch a video that details everything about climbing, belaying, etc. They supplied us with shoes and harnesses, which were in good condition. After the video a very helpful guy named Ian walked us throught the knot-tying and belaying again. He gave us a few pointers on the climbing (use your legs, not your arms to move up, how the climbs were rated, etc.) and over-emphasized the safety aspects, which was great. After sending us on our way we quickly figured out which climbs were suited to us. They are marked really well, so it's easy to see which holds are the correct ones for your particular route. It was semi-busy, but everyone was courteous, both customers and employees. There were a couple of the easier (beginner) routes that looked fun, but they were front and center in the gym. I know that nobody cares, but we were still self-conscious about our skills, so we didn't try those routes. They have some funny holds on the routes. You really have to be paying attention to see the different shapes, but you'll get a good laugh when reaching for a food-shaped hold halfway up the route. There is a dedicated bouldering area, too, for those that just want to crawl around without ropes. There were kids climbing around on many of the different routes, and they ranged from tiny to teenagers. We decided that our kids would like it, so we'll be back with them soon enough. It was a lot of fun, and a great workout, so I'd definitely recommend it. A great place for a night out with friends, a date or an excursion with the kids!
3	As a beginning rock climber, I don't have much to compare it to. I thought it was a fun experience that I would definitely do again. The equipment was durable and safe and after watching a demonstration video, they personally showed you how to use it appropriately.However, as soon as I walked in the door, I wasn't impressed with the unwelcoming staff. All 4 of the employees that I interacted with were not very personable. As a new climber, I appreciated any support and help if I was doing something wrong. Instead of handling the situation in a way that expressed support, they made you feel like an idiot. While I would probably go back because it's close to my house and I enjoyed rock climbing, I'd rather drive a further distance for friendlier people that want to encourage you.
4	Love this place!  I've been climbing at this gym for over a decade now.
2	I went here to escape the heat and do a fun activity. The staff was rude and unwelcoming. It was so hot inside the building, my friend and I left dripping in sweat. I don't think they had any air conditioning. Only stayed for an hour because of the heat In the building.
3	Nice place and a good activity for kids. Though be advised that rock climbing is the only thing you can do once you get there. Also, be aware that you will need a buddy to hold your rope. I was going to take three kids by myself and luckily that did not happen.
4	I had a great first time experience here tonight! The staff were super friendly and accommodating and patient with showing me how to use the equipment! And yeah the instructional film is super amazing. I would like a copy of it! Haha.I was lucky to come with some more experienced friends- but they left me in the dust once we got there so the sweet little brunette girl helped me out a lot.I'll definitely be back- as soon as my wrist muscles recover!
1	I came across a Groupon for this rock gym and was excited to try this place out. I went on a Thursday and expressed that my group of 4 are here on a Groupon. In my opinion, the staff did not seem to be exactly thrilled to hear this and told me they do not honor Groupons on Tuesdays and Thursdays because those days are for their regulars. They said the restriction was in the fine print of the Groupon. I checked the Groupon on my phone and nowhere did it say anything about restricting the use of the Groupon on Tuesdays and Thursdays. They did not seem to care that they were violating the rules of the Groupon deal. They pointed to a handmade sign taped on their front desk that said Groupons not accepted on Tuesdays and Thursdays. I left the rock gym, I felt there was no point in arguing with them, plus after feeling like I've been treated like an outsider because I am not what they consider their "regular", I had no further interest in climbing at their gym or ever coming back. I called Groupon's customer service the day after and Groupon confirmed my understanding of the Groupon deal and they confirmed that nowhere in the fine print that it says it was not valid on Tuesdays and Thursdays. They have refunded my money on these two useless Groupons and are in the process of investigating this issue with the Phoenix Rock Gym.
2	I liked the actual walls to climb although it didn't seem as much as Climbax. We went on 3:30 on a weekday and it was slammed. Absolutely slammed- we got there and two desk clerks were just chatting right in front of us, not helping us. A minute later they looked at us and decided to help and asked us to complete paperwork, and immediately went back to talking and texting right in front of us. The instruction was fine, the movie we had to watch was fine. Then while we were climbing the gym got packed.  I guess a climbing class was going on- everywhere. If you go I suggest you call ahead to see what time the gym is open to the public and no classes are going on. At the end, when we left- the woman at the front desk did not even acknowledge us when we said thank you or anything. Like i said, the gym wasn't that bad, but the service- awful.
2	This place is expensive, small and filled with little kids. The lead climbing is a joke and the bouldering is mediocre. Its ironic that the most convenient gym in phoenix is the worst. The staff is incredibly high maintenance and obnoxious. Not worth it for climbers, maybe for a kids birthday party
5	I've tried a few other climbing gyms in Phoenix and this is my favorite. It is good for beginners because it has a lot of easier routes. There is a big area for lead climbing and a couple small rooms for bouldering. I love the people who work here. They are very friendly, unpretentious, and full of helpful advice without being overbearing. If you're brand new to climbing or a seasoned veteran, this will be a great place to visit.
4	Gotta burn off those yummy BoSa donuts I just ate!  Lots of tall walls for all levels of climbers.  Lots of safety features as expected.  A ton of fun for old and young.
4	This was my first  time rock climbing in decades, and my husband's first time ever, so I cannot compare Phoenix Rock Gym to other rock gyms, or claim that it is better or worse.  By default, I gave it three stars because it offered everything it promised (rocks to climb) and then I gave it an extra star because I thought the staff was friendly and helpful.I am also still alive.I purchased a Groupon so it was very well priced. I thought that it would be fun to try something different but moreso, I was captivated with the thought of seeing my husband in a harness.  I was so consumed with excitement of the harness that I actually completely forgot that I am terrified of heights.This is maybe not the best place to go if you are scared of heights because even though the walls are not *that* tall, like a mountain, they are pretty intimidating.   The staff makes you watch a video and then spends 5-10 minutes instructing you on how to safely attach yourself to the pully system and how to safely belay your partner (lower them down from the wall).  After that, they LEAVE YOU ON YOUR OWN.  This is probably more intimidating than the wall height because you are left to your own skills, or lack thereof.  But the whole thing is very safe, it would be actually pretty hard to let your partner fall.The climbing is difficult if you are a beginner, but considering I have zero arm strength and usually start freaking out once I get to the third rung of a ladder, if I could get to the top of a few walls, anyone can. In fact, I saw kids under 10 scaling the walls.The only real real criticism I have is the stuffy and humid air conditions of the room. I know it is summer, and that air conditioning is expensive, but a few fans  or something to help ventilation would have been nice.  It is very hard to take photos since you need to have your hands on your rope at all times so sadly I did not get any photos of my husband in his harness. I suggest you take all photos before you start you climbing.
4	This was my first time Rock Climbing, I have to say I was quite impressed by the variety of choices and type of walls.  The training is great and the staff is really patient, especially for an uncoordinated person like myself.  If you look carefully, they will have a Groupon or Living Social deal here every quarter or so.  Even if not, prices are fairly reasonable.  My main advice is bring your own water because it feels quite humid in here.  You will get a serious workout.
5	Today was the first time I ever went to a rock climbing gym. The staff was exceptional, helpful and it was fun! I recommend taking a partner because while one person climbs another is at the bottom managing the rope.It was humid in there - they use 6 swamp coolers instead of air conditioning. They have vending machines stocked with healthy snacks and drinks if you get hungry. The facility seemed fairly clean and the equipment looked good to us. It is a great workout - both physically and mentally. (Discipline). They had a variety of climbs according to ability - from beginner to advanced. Give it a shot - don't be intimidated - the staff is super helpful. Take a camera to capture the magic.A solid 5 stars!
4	Outdoor activities and summer in Arizona are not a good match, so rock climbing was a nice solution. As an athlete and first time climber, it has provided a great mental and physical challenge, especially when the routes change frequently. The staff leaves you to do your thing, but always makes sure that safety is a #1 priority.  Since it is summer it does get quite humid and hot inside the gym.
5	I really enjoy rock climbing here. I am a newbie, and felt immediately comfortable. I plan to come as often as I could. Even when it is busy, I can always find a spot for my comfort zone. About $18 per day if you have no equipment, shoes and chalk bag, or you can get cheaper multiple passes.
5	This being my first time rock climbing and having a tremendous fear of heights, I'm not gonna lie, I was a little apprehensive about the whole thing.  But we had a Groupon that was about to expire (that I had bought on one of my Groupon sprees) and my boyfriend assured me that it would be fun, so off we went.And...it was actually a ton of fun.  Being a first-timer, the staff had us watch a safety video which though rather quiet, was later reinforced when a member of the staff walked us through how to secure the ropes, check each other's ropes, and of course, belay.Once I had asked all the questions I needed, and assured that I was doing it right (cause, you know, my boyfriend's life was literally in my hands), we were all set!  They have some pretty interesting rock walls, with little tapes to identify the different paths which were of varying difficulty.  It wasn't too crowded when we got there around noon, but at about 1PM, it was becoming a bit of a feat to find a wall without someone right next to you.We took turns climbing for about 2 hours, as that was about all our arms could take.  So all in all, great experience, great staff, big on safety, and I'll definitely be back!
2	Love to rock climb... But the staff at this gym were extremely rude and impatient! Won't be going back here because of them
5	I have been to many climbing gyms around the Southwest and this is one of my favorites.  If you are a beginner, this is the place for you!  They have lots of easier routes for you to get your bearings.  There is also a big area for lead climbing not to mention the smaller rooms for bouldering.  What really  makes the place great are the people who work there.  Super friendly, helpful and full of advice.  You really should give them a try sometime.
