4	Open 24 hours a day. Great place for a simple bagel or some homemade Indian take out. (An odd combo I know!)
4	I love this place! The bagels seem to always be fresh out of the oven and I might just be lucky but I usually get them while still warm. The staff seem to be just what one would want in a 24hr bagel place, quick and efficient while still being polite.There really isn't much to say about the decor other then it's a bagel place which sells ready to eat Indian food?!? Like the previous reviewer say "an odd combo" but they seem to make it work. I must admit that I haven't had their Indian food for a few months but last time i was there it was some of the best store bought Indian I've had.If you live in and around N.D.G. this a great place to grab a quick dinner after work and a dozen bagels for the next morning, you can't go wrong.
5	DAD's bagels is my life-saver. Emergency breakfasts, nothing for lunch? A fresh straight out of the wood-fired oven bagel cannot be beat. When I get them hot I usually eat them straight out of the bag, and rarely get fancy with anything more than some whipped cream cheese.If, on rare occasion, I am unable to get the hot bagels, I will toast them lightly and use them for a sandwich. The bagels at DAD's are more substantial than your usual Montreal bagels, so they hold up well to being packed with smoked salmon, some ham or even some sliced chicken. This shop also sells ready to reheat indian food, several pastries, sandwiches and a few other. almost random, items. Whenever I have shown even the slightest of interest in any of their Indian foods, they end up giving me something. I don't know. What I have had has been really good, but I've never actually bought (paid for) any of their Indian foods. I rarely buy anything but the bagels and cream cheese, but sometimes, if I am stuck for breakfast, I know I can buy eggs, or cream, or bacon, or juice. Very convenient as they are open 24/7.They've got my vote for the best bagel in Montreal.
5	There's a special flavor and sweet perfect chewiness to DAD's bagels. Hot, dipped in cream cheese I can eat two just sitting there while the third is in the toaster to be served hot buttered. And the take-out homemade Indian in plastic containers in the fridge - my best friend lives around the corner, over the years we've consumed a lot of it, and it's honestly all pretty much delicious. Hot bagels dipped in butter chicken are a revelation!
4	Fairmount and St. Viateur both have slightly better bagels, but these guys aren't far behind, and they're much nicer and a tiny bit cheaper. They'll also sell you a bagel with cream cheese, rather than just selling you the ingredients and leaving it up to you like most of the other places do--that can be quite a boon when you have to be up at 5:30AM for work. I have yet to try the Indian food in the fridge, but it looks excellent. Pick up some gulab jamun while you're here--those little balls of fried dough saturated in the syrup near the counter--you won't be sorry. DADs has my brand-loyalty forever.
4	Back when I used to live in NDG DAD's was my biweekly favourite anytime I was in a hurry, having a craving, or just plain drunk. Today, it's a rarer treat and just as craved! It's a great place for for cheap tasty food you can count on 24/7! I'm definitely not saying everything in there is to die for but you'll definitely find a few favourites there! There's plenty to pick from :) Check it out!
4	Oh Dads. Quick breakfast/lunch, great to have nearby to grab some quick or ready to eat food on the go. I know them as being open 24/7 but apparently that has changed recently. It was always the same gentleman behind the counter, smiling and grinning at the drunks that walked through his door. I remember one night he asked my friend and I if we had been drinking (we most certainly had) and whipped out a bottle of Jameson from beneath the counter and said "ME TOO!". We ended up leaving with a dozen bagels, 10 beef patties, a big bag of wings, and half a bag full of things we didn't even order. We left having paid only $12 and he gave us each a styrofoam cup with 2-3 ounces of Jameson. Classic drunk nights.
1	My boyfriend just had a weird experience at Dad's bagel.  I wanted 18 bagel for my class and he decided that he would pick up 2 bagels for his kids.  He asked the man for 20 bagels.  The man working there said "18 or 24".  My boyfriend said he just wanted 20.  Then the man said he wouldn't sell 20 bagels.  My boyfriend had to either buy 18 bagels or 24 bagels.  I find that so weird.  Why wouldn't you just give the customer what they want.  I am sure you can sell the extra 2 bagels as individual bagels.  I used to work at a bagel shop.  It can be done.  In the end, my bf just got the 18 bagels and a bad taste in his mouth.  We hate bad service.  I guess business must be so good they can turn away requests and give bad service.
