5	well, i have a special place in my heart (and stomach) for burritos, and this place is like heaven for me.these GIANT burros comes wrapped in a huge, steamy tortilla, with your choice of black or pinto beans, grilled veggies, rice, chicken (or go all veg) and fixin's like sour cream and pico. it's a long counter ordering/instruction process...like subway.they conveniently wrap it all in foil so you can eat it with your hands (it takes two).
4	Chipotle is one of my favorite mexican restaurants.  They offer huge burritos as well as you can skip the tortilla and get a bowl.  They also will make cheese crisps for children.  Prices are $5.50-$6.00.  You can have anything made into a salad for an additional $0.50.  They can get crowded on the weekends, but you can also fax or do your order online and just pick it up.This Chandler Mall location is nice because it allows my wife I to eat in the food court so the kids can get their favorite meal.  FYI though, this is not in the food court.  It is outside by the fountains.  It is a good value because the burrito's are huge.
5	I'm obsessed with their salads.I used to be obsessed with their burritos, until once I tried their salad... I was sold.Their salads are fresh, and the dressing is SOOO good.  I could drink it.
5	Chipotle in Phoenix has gone organic, hormone free with their meat! Yay! The stores in California have been using Niman Ranch meat for quite a while (they're a group of humane organic ranchers). I don't know that AZ stores are using Niman, but they made an announcement today that they are going organic, hormone free. So your prices might be a few dimes higher, but BRAVO, Chipotle!
5	Welcome to Burrito Heaven.  There's room for everyone here.If you have not been to Chipotle, you must.  It is like looking at the face of God and having him stare back, saying "You are my most wondrous creation."People always say "What's the big deal about a burrito joint anyway?"  Nothing.  But this is a burrito joint like the Super Bowl is a football game.  You start with a giant tortilla.  You start with three small flour tortillas.  You start with a bowl.  You just start.  What you do from there is your choice, and each choice is rewarding, fulfilling and fresh.  The cilantro-lime rice is steaming when you get it and its citrus-y smell is what I imagine angels might smell like (or the inside of a bottle of Corona or something.  Use your imagination, damn it).The meats are incredible too.  Chicken is grilled and chopped right where you can see it.  Barbacoa, a slow-simmered and spiced shredded beef, is elegant in its flavors and its tenderness.  The Carnitas, a roasted, shredded pork, is juicy and succulent.  And don't get me started on the Steak...cooked medium and spiced with adobo, it's slightly spicy and super-deelish.The salsa, from the standard but fresh pico de gallo to the roasted corn salsa to the hot (with seeds) and green mediums, are all a perfect compliment to any and all of the meats, and you can experiment around as you see fit.  Sour cream?  Cheese?  Sure.  But don't cheap out on the extra money you have to pay to get the guacamole.  Thick, chunky, creamy green Jesus in vegetable form is what you'll find, and I swear to God if I find out any of you skip the guacamole, I'll hunt you down and Buffalo-Bill your asses.The guacamole is so good, it makes Ghandi look like a child-pornographer.Then they wrap it up in foil.  They hand it to you.  You pay.  You sit down at your seat.  You reach to pick it up and, after feeling the weight of it, think to yourself that maybe you need to hit the gym or something.  You've grown weak.Only you haven't grown weak.  You're just holding what amounts to about a 2-3 pound piece of Burrito-Christ.  Rip off the foil.  Bite into it.  Taste it.  Savor it.  Paint out your feelings of how great it is on a canvas, lock it away for a year, open it up a year later and view it again.  IT WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE.Ok, so I'm being over-dramatic.  Sue me, I love Chipotle and everyone I've ever known who has come with me to experience has walked away enlightened and full to the brim.  I should be like a Chipotle shaman or something, I swear :D
4	ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh the burrito bowl!I, for some reason, don't feel like such a hog when I have the bowl, as opposed to their gigantic burritos!The barbacoa is delish!  I also like that you can choose which beans you want: black or pinto.  Several different salsas to choose from.Staff is always friendly, too.  I usually go to the one near the Biltmore of the one on 92nd St and Shea.Plus, it gives me an opportunity to use my Spanish!
4	two words: burrito bowl. good for you (i mean within reason, this is mexican takeout), inexpensive, and oh so good!
4	YUM!  I always order a vegetarian burrito with black beans.  I ask for an extra tortilla (free) so I can take half the stuffing out of the burrito and save it for a meal later.
4	I did not know a burrito could hold that much inside.
4	For almost every visit prior to this I'd give 5 stars, but I think because of a few new employees, today the experience was different.  First of all, the guy put the wrong kind of beans on my burrito.  Also, the cashier asked me if I wanted my receipt.  I said, 'No', but she still gave it to me.  My burrito was also smaller than usual.  But as always, it was delicious.  And for the setup, they have an extremely efficient way of serving customers.Tip: Don't be afraid to ask them to put 'a little more rice', or 'a little more beans'.  They will do it and they won't charge extra.
1	I came here twice, both in different months, and both times sucked.Soggy burritos does not make a hungry woman happy.
4	Um.  I love this joint.  Seriously.  It's the vegetarian burrito for me with black beans, obv, with lots of that hot salsa!  Mmmmm!  If I eat the whole thing I'm full for a good 8 hours....and my burrito is always so tasty, that yep, I'm full for a good 8 hours.  I wish I had the self control to save half for later.  I'd give this 5 stars, but I'm kind of a health nut and we all know those white toritillas are def not healthy!
3	Had an early dinner here earlier today. The food was good as always. That burrito was as big as my head! I had the Barbacoa with extra rice and beans with everything but guac. Crazy yummy! The reason why I'm writing this review is because I found this Chipotle to be more dirtier than the other locations I've been to. Most of the tables haven't been wiped down and had bits of cheese and salsa on the (ew) and the soda station had a stack of napkins on it where an employee tried to fill the napkin holder, gave up and then just left a stack of napkins on top of the holder and napkins were all over the station and ground. It was like that when we got there and it wasn't until we were about to leave that they were even cleaned up. I used the restroom and that was dirty too! With hair and toilet paper everywhere and a very dirty mirror. I was like.. WTF?! The south side location is waaay cleaner than this one!! So much for Chandler being the "good side of town" - well... atlease in comparison to the South Side. lol. I unno, the food was great (as are all Chipotles) but the whole place was unclean. To my yelpers, if you're in that area - especially the mall, Chipotle is prolly your safest bet for a good place to eat. But be sure to bring some wet naps so you can wipe down your table, you'll thank me later!
3	Whenever I want a burrito and don't feel like driving to Rosa's, I go here. More often than not, I'll choose Rosa's, but on some days...well, you know. :)I used to have issues with Chipotle, but only because it was owned by McDonald's, but McD's dumped Chipotle. Purely on my stubborn way of thinking did I not go.It was hint to pass Go. I did. :)I've been to various Chipotles around Arizona, California and Illinois.This one is closest to my home and it's not bad. Sometimes they go a bit crazy on the rice and beans, but not enough on the meat. Sometimes they'll go crazy with the meat, but not enough with the beans and rice. But it doesn't matter, it's so tasty either way I don't give a flying leap.The one thing that this Chipotle is consistent with is...dirty. I've come in at different times of the day and different days of the week, and the tables are always covered with someone's leftover rice, guac, salsa, dirty napkins and empty cups...I did slip on a bean, once. I didn't fall because I grabbed onto hubby - if I'm going down, he's coming with! ;)It makes me think twice about eating there again, but hell, I lived in India and I survived that whole other unsanitary environment. I can survive anything. :pSo this location of Chipotle would've gotten 4 stars if it were more presentable.
4	I used to be a weekly lunch customer, but not as often now.  I was at CFS and after perusing the food court, I decided on Chipotle.  As much as I was craving a burrito, I wasn't up for the 1,200 calorie splurge.  So, I opted for the rice bol which was just as good and much lighter.  I noticed that they've raised their prices again....yes, I'm very price conscious these days.  Their rice is delish...love the lime and cilantro flavor, pinto beans, grilled chicken, corn and mild salsa, lettuce and sour cream on the side.  Nice sized portion which I'm fnishing off for dinner as we speak :)
3	On the rare occasion I eat fast food, this is one place I would choose over 99% of any other place. The quantity is decent, the quality is better than most fast food, and the flavors are good. Plus, you can get a reasonably health meal.
5	chipotle oh how i miss you. we don't have one in hawaii but this is a must whenever we visit arizona! 5 stars!!! :)
3	Knock off of FreeBirds in Texas but still good.
5	This place is the creme de la creme of Mexi fast food for me. I always get a Carnitas bowl with the hot salsa and it is just delicious every time.I also really appreciate the way Chipotle cares about organic food, especially their meat.
4	Be careful during the lunch rush, this store will have a line out the door! (For good reason though). All Chipotles use quality ingredients, and have a superior product. In my opinion, this store stands out because of the staff. Very friendly and extremely efficient. I use the iPhone app (ya, there's an app for that) and order/pay from my office. When you get there you can stroll right up to the counter and simply pick up your bag to-go. Nothing to sign, no hassle, and no wait. Can't beat it!! Don't stress accuracy of your order either. I've had zero issues with that.
4	What, another Chipotle adjacent to Chandler Mall?!  Yes, that's right there are now two Chipotle locations within walking distance of Chandler Fashion Center.  This location is close to the Modern Mommy, Green Table, and Lizard Thicket boutiques and unlike the other location does not share a parking lot with the Harkins theater.  This makes it infinitely superior to the previous location.  I just hope it lasts since this space has had a different restaurant tenant every six months for the last 5 years.
4	Good food made to order.Even though it's chain food it's good.
5	So...on those rare occasions I don't feel like Jimmy John's, this is my first choice.  I absolutely love that they only use hormone-free local meats - it is such a fantastic step in the right direction that every other restaurant (fast food or not) should follow.  It may raise the prices slightly, but damn, food everywhere would be so tasty while the environment would get a little break.  Win-win, thus 5 stars.Barbacoa is my favorite, and I really like that I can choose between black or pinto beans, white or brown rice, corn or flour tortilla, three different salsas, etc.  Great options that don't make me feel guilty afterwards.  I do wish they had more than just watered down macro-Mexican beers, but I understand that it fits with the whole theme.  Any local beers would be wonderful, especially if they're looking to reduce their footprint even more and continue supporting the local economies.  Plus, it would help each regions' restaurants have a little bit of their own local flair.
5	Usually very busy, being that it's between the mall and theater, but great food as always.
5	Always good and fast. Rice is the best, meats are always grilled and fresh.
5	Hello, my name is April, and I'm a Chipotle addict. I always get the same thing...one small soft taco with all the fixings and steak, a kids bag of chips (just the perfect amount without going overboard...because if I get the big bag I WILL eat the entire thing). The perfect amount for lunch/dinner without breaking the bank, always under $5. YUM!!!
3	I thought I had reviewed this location already?  Weird.  The one closer to the mall is a total hassle since it is crowded with no parking so it is much better to go here instead (even if you are actually shopping at the mall).  You all know about the food and you either love it or you hate it but I just like this location since there is usually not much of a line, at least in the evenings.
5	Everything i get here is amazing. When i can't afford a bunch of food i just get chips and salsa..and guacamole. Hot salsa has flavor even though its really hot, i love it. The staff is very friendly. I've never had a problem with anything at all.
5	YUMMMMMM!!!!!  My favorite food!  Lots of scrumptious, nutritious options!
4	cant go wrong with it but the folks here need to learn little better how to roll the burritos, guess it comes with experience :) .Always fresh and will love to eat there again. No difference then any other chipotle chain :)
5	Chipotle is amazing, and this one is no different from all of the others. Fast service, great food, reasonable price.Get the bowl not the burrito for more food. I think they charge 99 cents for a tortilla with the bowl so it is no longer free. I was originally mad about this but it makes sense for them. Also make sure to get salad dressing on the bowl, it makes it infinitely better.
5	Another ChipotleAnother place to fall back on when your original plans fall through (the wait was too long across the parking lot).Another location in the strategic grid of quick bites that always satisfy the whole family.Another chance to have a burrito with barbacoa, brown rice, pinto beans, corn and hot salsa, sour cream, and that's it.Another chance for my wife to decide between a burrito or a veggie bowl.Another change for my daughter to have three kids quesadillas.  Maybe she needs an adult meal.Another chance to read about the most recent locally bought, sustainable purchasing plan off of a cup.Another change to try and figure out what the black and white pictures mean, and to interpret the message behind the wood and metal sculptures.Another opportunity to have a great meal.
5	you cant beat chipotle :) ...always love the place.
3	Love the food at Chipotle. Usually get good portions. This one acts like rice and beans are not that abundant in this part of the country. Asked for a little more..... And got very little more :-(    . Come on guys. Rice and beans are cheap. Any other place uses them as fillers. You should try the same
4	I have recently fallen in love with the vegetarian crunchy tacos! This location serves them up pretty well with generous portions of peppers and onions, corn, sour cream, and lettuce. I work in the area and my lunch break is usually slightly after the lunch rush so when I visit this location they always seem to be winding down from the busy lunch rush, which means I often have to wait while the employee does something else. Sometimes the "assembly line" doesn't move as efficiently as possible...but the place is always clean and the food is always fresh.I don't know if you know this, but Chipotle serves Mexican and some Domestic beer and margaritas! I didn't have one this time because I was on my lunch break...but from previous experience, the margaritas are pretty good and really strong. Definitely try one some time!
2	Now I love Chipotle....I've been to many indifferent states and I've always gotten consistently good food I can always rely on.  So when I thought I try a new location on the way home  I could not believe how disappointed I was about to be.  After watching the people in line order, I noticed the guy was putting 2 spoonfuls of rice on everyones burrito...now I know it's a filler but come on!!  So I asked him to go easy on the rice, which to him meant 1 heaping big spoonful followed by the tinyest portions of beans and meat.  You have to be kidding me.  So I asked for some more beans to which I got an incredible glare and probably what led to the even smaller amounts of meat.  Ok, if I hadn't sat down to eat there I may never have noticed what was to follow.  Every single man had HUGE portions in their burrito bowl as they took their meal to the table and every woman has small portions...interesting.  Just because I may not eat as much as some men, doesn't mean I don't like leftovers.  Sorry I guess this franchise has plenty of money coming in...they definitely don't need any of mine.
1	It hurts me to have to give any Chipolte a single star but I am afraid that I have to.  Yesterday while enjoying a salad at this location I noticed a little black bug laying on its back in the bottom of my bowl with its feet kicking up in the air.  Gross, YUCK, and seriously were my initial thoughts as I held down my stomach flipping.  When I brought this bug to a workers attention I was told that they "Try" to wash the lettuce but sometimes this happens.  Sorry to say that this does not help me forgive the experience because I cannot help but think of all the bugs I may have eaten and not have known it.
3	My kids like the tacos here.  I'll usually park and have them go in by themselves and order. They never had any problems.I really like the corn salsa. I call it that because that's what it tastes like. It's super tasty.  It really should he their signature item, like Chevy's mushed corn side.
5	Previously I wrote how I had fallen in love with the vegetarian crunchy tacos. While these are still delish, I have a new love in my life and that's the soft flour vegetarian tacos. Here's what I do:- Brown rice- Black beans (the pinto beans have bacon)- Fajitas (peppers & onions)- Medium salsa- Corn- Lettuce- GuacamoleI bet these are REALLY good with sour cream and cheese as well, but I'm trying to cut out the dairy. The medium salsa is AMAZINGGGG! I can't believe that after all of these years I am now just discovering it. I really like this location. The employees are really upbeat, positive, friendly, and very very helpful. The restaurant is always clean and you can tell that the kitchen where they cook everything is spotless.
5	awesome customer service every time and great food.. love eating here!
4	Who doesn't like Chipotle? They're always consistently good, the place is clean, and the staff friendly. I like that the food is always fresh, nothing processed. The boyfriend always gets the steak burrito and I tend to always get either a steak bowl or tacos. And I'm basically addicted to that corn salsa. You can't really go wrong by eating here.
3	I love Chipotle and the food here was great.  The workers not so much though, I had to ask for things multiple times and they all seemed to have a slight attitude.
1	I've never had a "bad" experience at chipotle cause seriously, how could you go wrong at chipotle? Ever?! Maybe it's just my unlucky day. The dude who was making my order just seemed like he dreaded working there. Now I understand that when you're having a bad day, it might be hard to smile and act friendly, but don't take it out on my food!!! I'm paying $8 for this piece of **** so make it right. He was being so stingy on EVERYTHING he added to my bowl, from the rice to the veggies to the corn, I had to repeatedly ask him "could you put more?" ...which I've NEVER had to do at a chipotle. Awkward as it already is, when we got to the end he asked me "anything else?" And I'm like, no I think I'm good, thanks. And then he's like "are you SURE??" What on earth! Now I'm getting attitude?!?!!! At a damn chipotle? Jeez!
5	I love their food!!! The favor is out of this world.
4	The staff are friendly, the food is great, the atmosphere is pleasant, and the outdoor seating area is perfect for a cool evening. There's not much else to say - one knows what a Chipotle is, what it should offer, and how it holds up to those standards. Every time I've been here, the food and staff has been consistent. Probably not the healthiest food in the world, but I'll let that one slide for now!
5	Always good. Always. My favorite order is:Rice Bowl to goBrown RiceNo beans, extra riceNo Meat2 scoops of piccoCornSour CreamLettuceLarge cheese quesadilla on the side! I know, no meat. But it's good!
5	This is my favorite place to eat whwn craving mexican style food.  Love the corn and Hot salsa.  Quacamole is also very very good.  Not super hungry?  Order a single taco.
5	Excellent customer service. Very friendly staff and they even gave us free drinks and some chips.
5	Staff here is super friendly.  I usually don't review chain restaurants but this location is going above and beyond with customer service.
