5	I came here to rent a U-Haul truck from them and when I left, I feel as if I had made new friends.  The counter staff was very friendly, courteous, and very polite.  Their office was definitely not what I was expecting and I was pleasantly surprised when I walked it to a place that didn't resemble some sort of dungeon.  I don't use them as storage, but I can imagine that if the rest of their facility is anything like their offices, I can imagine that they are very well maintained.  Great place all around!
1	Darren is a manager that puts All Storage 7 Hills financial gain in front of consumer safety. He has conducted a illegal seizure of property from a tenants locker. He is not aware or if he is, he does not adhere to Nevada lien law regarding sales and takes actions into his own jurisdiction. Pat Misiak is the operations manager, she was made aware of Darren's "theft," she is also unaware of the laws governing property but just told me to "sue us" when I demanded my property back. She was aware of how Darren conducted a auction with uncleared firearms over his shoulder and publicly brandished these firearms for display in a confined hallway and seize property that was legally not theirs to take.Be careful here at this location....it is truly the "Wild West" with this management team.
5	A diamond in the Seven Hills. It's hard to write an interesting review about a storage unit, but I had to share my experience at All Storage of Seven Hills. First off, the staff here are super helpful. For example...I had to move my stuff here from another location across town and was running short on time, but Ronda and Darren stayed late so I could check-in, sign my paper work, and get everything loaded so I wouldn't have to pay and extra day for the U-Haul. They even honored a free two month move-in special coupon that had expired. Second, the grounds here are very clean and well maintained, plus all the tenants (that I have met) have been very courteous and friendly. The entrance gate adds a nice sense of protection; because you need your security code to both get in and get out. This definitely cuts down on people trying to sneak in behind a large caravan of movers...once you're in, you're stuck. I would recommend this place to friends or family in a heartbeat if they were in need of some extra space.
3	I've been a tenant here for a very very long time and have loved the management here as they were always warm and friendly, they took the time to get to know the regulars who have been here for a long time and they went out of their way to help you if they could.The current management, Dennis & Ronda, seem to be nice people but they don't seem to go out of their way to establish relationships, it's more business which is alright because this is Vegas and I am sure they deal with a lot of interesting people being managers of storage unit.  Here its the little things that make them happy, like every unit being paid for on time which I know is not always a reality and then they have to deal with chasing and if no result, then confiscating, auctioning, cleaning and re-renting, none of which is very exciting.   Ronda does seem to be a little friendlier (outgoing) then Dennis he sometimes walks by and won't even look at you.  A smile goes a long way Dennis.They also have Uhaul trucks and trailers for rent and are very easy to deal with, just need more smiles.  With that being said, the office appearance is warm and friendly with lots of junk snacks around to keep anyone happy.  This is a place you should come to store or rent from as it has always been a great place.
