3	If you're visiting Las Vegas, this is the last place you're likely to find yourself. It's your standard issue pancake house -- IHoP, Golden Nugget, what have you. There are 7 Blueberry Hills listed on Yelp. This one is about 3 blocks from my sister's house, which is why I always end up there for at least one meal. Preferably breakfast. They do a killer blueberry pancake (as you might guess), and have a variety of gut busting specialties. (Their omelletes made with four eggs.) I was disappointed in the Monte Cristo sandwich, which is a test for me. Clean, friendly service, inexpensive -- everything you expect from a pancake house. They have a bin by the front door to collect food and clothing for the homeless, which is a nice touch. Also a couple of video poker machines, which is standard for Vegas.
4	During my semi-regular visits to Vegas this is one of my favorite places to hit up for breakfast.I have heard  quite a bit of positive buzz about their pancakes but since I am mostly partial to omelettes for my first meal of the day I tend to stick mostly with their chorizo & eggs which is always served in large portions.Decently priced and with helpful service the only downside are some of the regulars who tend to be retirees who take forever to make their decisions which ocassionally means you have to wait for service to make their way to you.
5	The BEST pancakes and breakfast place ever. Period. In all of Vegas. And cheap too! So, when the slots have got you down (no matter the hour, this place serves breakfast 24hrs a day!) just take your last $7 to Blueberry Hill, sit down with a Slotplayers Breakfast "3333" and a cup o' joe and let your financial worries melt away with each bite. It's made from scratch...You've hit the Jackpot here baby!I almost hate telling the un-locals about this place but since I'm not even one myself anymore I thought I'd clue the rest of the world in on this Vegas secret. By the way, there are 4 or 5 other locations and all are equally good (but as some other yelpers have noticed, lunch and dinner are not their strong points--stick to breakfast and you won't be disappointed).
3	What a shame. This place was supposed to be my substitute for the Anchor Grill in Covington, KY. I have been having some serious good ol' fashioned greasy spoon withdrawl since I moved to Vegas, over two years ago. So, Blueberry Hill it is, but only when I absolutely HAVE to.The seating's not comfortable, but that's to be expected of a diner. The service is less than desireable, but that's expected as well. The food ... eh. I ordered a plate of ham 'n eggs, home fries, and wheat toast. I received a plate of, certainly, ham 'n eggs, but of the variety with the grill still stuck to them. The potatoes were dark and dry, and the toast resembled a kitchen sponge left to dry on the counter for a couple weeks. Had this been served to me after a long night at Zodie's, then I probably wouldn't have known the difference. Or cared. I would have dove in, face first, heartily and happily. But no one likes to start the day with a bad taste in their mouth and indigestion. It certainly wasn't worth nearly six of MY dollars. Next time, I'll stick to their pancakes. Or a waffle. How hard is it to ruin one of those?There is something silly and wacky about Blueberry Hill that should be mentioned. They have a bell that sounds every so often, and when it does, the entire staff stops what their doing to wash their hands.I forgot to mention the gamblin' machines in the front lobby. Ah, Vegas -- omlettes, hashbrowns, and video poker, oh my!
4	Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day. And Blueberry Hill a local Vegas breakfast chain serves my favorite meal 24 hours day. Most of the items at Blueberry Hill are made from scratch, including there french toast, waffles, and pancakes. My favorite is the Stuffed French Toast, which is stuffed with cream cheese, topped with fruit compote and whipped. So what if its calorie count should make it breakfast, lunch and dinner, its just that good. Anyway, for those who are not into breakfast they also serve lunch and dinner items. Just be warned that going to a breakfast place and ordering a tuna melt sandwich, is like going to a Johnny Rockets and ordering a salad, don't expect it to be the greatest.
5	My mom rocks. Besides being awesome on many different counts, she introduced Blueberry Hill to me. Now, she's not a foodie, but she knows good breakfast grub. She's no urban adventurer either, so I was surprised to see that she left the Strip to find a new breakfast spot. One of the things I love and hate about Vegas are the plethora of eateries in your hotel, forcing you to stay in. But a favorite pastime of mine now is to venture from the Strip to find the local favorites.  I think I struck gold with Blueberry Hill. Everything, and I mean everything I've ever had here has been mouthwatering, hangover-curing, delicious.  Whether it's savory or sweet - it's ALL good here. I usually go for the Dealer's Special with a hamsteak and hash browns, but another good option is any number of the Mexican breakfasts with chorizo.  Even the breakfast burrito was impressive. Their signature blueberry pancakes do not disappoint either.It's unassuming with its dumpy naughahyde booth diner look.  But that's why it's even more of a surprise find.  You can easily eat here for under $10.  Btw, there's a location just east of Maryland Parkway that's closer to the Strip.
4	Another victory for Yelp. I was in Vegas recently and wanted to find a decent place for breakfast. Eating on the strip is almost always overpriced and disappointing. I got on Yelp from my cell phone and found a Blueberry Hill restaurant nearby.This place did not disappoint. They have a ton of options and everything was good. The blueberry pancakes were good, the biscuits and gravy were good and we had an enormous meal for three for about $30 including drinks. This place is a great deal and it's close to the strip. Skip the casinos when you're hungry for breakfast and head here instead.
4	Yikity yikes.  Aaron V. found this place for us, but we dropped the ball in blindly trusting the Google directions.  From the strip, you can get there just by driving down Flamingo. Avoid any directions involving freeways; you will drive twice the distance.Now to the food.  I had SOOOO much food.  Indeed, the chocolate chip pancakes did not have chocolate chips *in* the pancakes; but they were still pretty delicious.  I also had corned beef hash and poached eggs, which were also great.  Finally, the coffee . . . hmm, the coffee.  To hell with Starbucks, diner coffee is the best!If you want to avoid breaking the bank for a day meal on the strip, take the short drive to Blueberry Hill; it's worth your while.Just FYI: they make their own pancakes, dinner rolls, and deserts.
4	I thought I was pretty familiar with Las Vegas. For several years growing up, it was my home away from home. As it turns out, there are a few places that I've been missing out on all this time. Blueberry Hill is one of them. Thankfully it's open 24 hours, otherwise we'd be going to some shady or overpriced place to get some grub at 1 in the morning after flying into Sin City at a late flight. We were immediately sat, which was a relief and something of a surprise; there seems to be fewer 24/7 spots the farther you get from The Strip, but the place had people, but wasn't packed. Inside basically looks like what an old IHOP would look like, except their mascot, which is a boy in overalls having more than a good time pouring a bucket of blueberries all over himself adorns the interior. The menu has a great selection of stuff on both sides of one menu panel. Breakfast is served all day, and their non-breakfast items are pretty well varied as well. Prices and portions are adequate, but definitely not the best deal. But the food is good! I had the biscuits and gravy, which was the second best I've had in a while, and they have very, very delicious fries. Food comes out fairly quickly, even though the actual service isn't the quickest. Though we're apart...I'll still return to Blueberry Hill next time I'm back in town for sure.
4	This is a great place for a good, cheap traditional American breakfast.Portions are good sized, service was good. Nothing fancy about this place, just an old-school diner. Everything was fresh, the hash browns were really good, corned beef hash was tasty and there was more than enough of it. It was less than 10 minutes from the time I was seated until my meal showed up. Thank you Yelpers again for sending me off in the right direction again.
4	Great Breakfast, and better Mexican dishes. An old fashion diner with great service and friendly waitresses.
4	Great Dinner. The service here is awesome and the food comes out very fast. It is cheap and you really cant beat it for places off the Strip. Great for Breakfast. Awesome Hash Browns!!
4	This is a great find.  My husband and I went on the off-beaten Vegas path to eat here before we drove back to L.A.  It was nice to eat somewhere besides a Vegas buffet, and this place definitely knows what they are doing in the breakfast category.I had an amazing Juevos Rancheros, which was the perfect cure to a bad hangover.  The portions are huge, and the food is hot & fresh.  This will be our traditional last stop in Vegas from now on!
4	Yummm! Hello breakfast! So remember those hole in the wall diners back home that you love so much and they make the most ah-mazing breakfasts 24hrs a day? This is one of them! [Of course its not quite like yours at home because this one has slot machines, but so does every gas station in the state...I digress]. I had the chicken fried steak and it was delish! And I absolutely had to steal a bite (ok a lot of bites) of the french toast which was soooo delicious. Like melt in my mouth delicious. So its six hours later and I'm still full. What's not to love?
5	HEY!I went here!I don't remember when...But I went here!I took a picture of the sign!It's in my pile of "pictures to scrapbook"I remember!Must have been great!
4	I read about Bluberry Hill in LA Times.  The newspaper recommended their breakfast.  On second day in Vegas, we woke up around noon and drove to Blueberry Hill for some delicious diner style breakfast.There are 7 locations of Blueberry Hill in Las Vegas.  I don't know why I wrote down the address for this one.  Later I found out there's another location that was closer to the strip.  I followed the navigation system in my car and got here in about 15 minutes.Right when we walked in the door, what do I see?  Multi-Game gambling machines!  This is so Las Vegas.  I think you can gamble about everywhere in Vegas.This is a very old school kind of diner.  Aged leather booth and waitress who seemed to be working there for ages.  I really like our waitress.  Very warm and helpful.... in a motherly way.  BF ordered the "Tito Bandito Special".  6 oz. certified angus beef with jack cheese, tomatoes, onions, and peppers, refried beans & rice, hot sauce & tortilla chips plus corn tortilla.  The steak was cooked perfectly medium rare.  Tender, juicy and smothered with melted jack cheese.  Two eggs were done just right.  We put some steak on the warm corn tortilla, added bean, rice and a dollop of sour cream, dipped the rolled up tortilla in running egg yolk, gulp, and mmmm.... enjoy!  One question though, who is Tito Bandito?I ordered the "Tiger" Omelet.  3 egg omelet with diced ham, onions and bell peppers and smothered with cheese.  This was a good standard omelet.  Nothing too special about it, but it was a hearty meal.  My omelet was looking kinda lonely in a big plate all by itself.  We omitted the hash brown with toast choice, and picked pancakes instead. Two pieces of thick pancakes came with my omelet. This was one of the best pancakes I've ever had.  So fluffy.  Simply delicious!We had a very satisfying breakfast at Blueberry Hill.  I like this kind of diner restaurant.  Good food, friendly service, reasonable price, what else can you ask for?
5	My judgement may be biased, being I've only ever been here after a long night out or at work, but they got a fantastic diner menu. I recommend the fettucine alfredo w/chicken and waffles. Oh, and the chicken strips are pretty good too!
5	Over the last 20 years I've eaten breakfast all over Vegas. Blueberry Hill is the best for down home best pancakes, omelettes, crepes, biscuits & gravy... all that stuff. Went here with my sons & brother and we ordered just about everything we saw (6 entrees) and shared it all. There was nothing average or yucky. Good quality ingredients (I heard its all from scratch) and the service was great. The diner atmosphere is awesome too. If you frequent Vegas, give this place a try if you're near. It's worth it!!
4	THE BEST DARN FRENCH TOAST EVER!It's nice and sweet - so delicious that I didn't need syrup on top.I got the ham steak, which is a nice big portion.The waffles are pretty good, but I should've ordered their new sweet waffles, maybe I would've liked those better.BUT...their french toast is so darn good.  Really.
4	Whatever you order, make sure to get a side of pancakes. I make mine from scratch too at home, but they don't come out this fluffy.Had breakfast with my sister's family here before leaving town. I ordered the special with pancakes instead of toast. SO GOOD!I did make the mistake of taking a bite of my sister's french toast. By mistake I mean I almost pinched her under the table like when we were kids so that I could take an exta bite! They do have awesome mac and cheese here, which is weird that I know that, but the neices were fighting over the last few bites. I took a stray roni - and mmmm cheesy goodness!I also asked for a little more iced tea when the check arrived. She brought it to me in a gigantic to-go cup so that i could have it on the drive back :) how nice is that?! and when I tripped on the curb(dork alert) clenched my cup too hard and poke a hole in the styrofoam from my GI Joe kung fu grip, she brought me another one. to sum it up - yummy made from scratch goodness, superb service, and good prices!
5	I had the BEST breakfast at this place. The portions are huge so you might want to share with someone. Hubby got their famous blueberry pancakes while I got a corn beef hash omelet. My omelet was good but the blueberry pancakes are FREAKIN DELICIOUS!! Typically I don't like sweet stuff for breakfast but man those pancakes were good. I kept asking for more! The pancakes are thick and fluffy with blueberries baked right into them. Topped them off with whipped cream-man, it was heaven. I got sour dough bread as the bread-of-choice with my omelet. My pet peeve is that the sour dough breads are never sour enough. Theirs was good; just sour enough. This is going to be my go-to breakfast place whenever I go to Vegas from now on.
3	Boring. Who knew that we'd end up in a place like this. Isn't Vegas the city of lights? Why does food have to be such a production? Aren't there good solid little hole-in-the-walls here? If so, this isn't it. If we lived in the area, this would be the place we'd go when everyone is too drunk to make any other decision...greasy, doughy food that serves the sole purpose of soaking up excess alcohol.  Here we had a sullen waitress, approximately 15 out of 20 tables with dirty dishes stashed on them, old fogies having coffee after gambling away their money on the slot machines at the entrance, and a parking lot best suited for a carjacking.
5	It's not a trip to Vegas for me without at least 2 breakfasts at Blueberry Hill.  Why would I bother with long waits in the hotel, rubbery eggs, Sysco supplied pancake mix?  Blueberry Hill does it from scratch, and they do it right.They claim that they started their empire with pancakes and I believe it.  I'm not even a pancake fan, but after watching plate after plate go by during each visit, I finally ordered some blueberry ones.  Light, fluffy, the tiniest bit of crisp griddle edge.  Buttery.  Delicious!  Their blueberry muffins are very good, also made from scratch.  Our server recommended we order it split and grilled, where they cut it in half, butter the sides, and grill it until warm.  Much better than microwaved and calorie free!  (Well, no, not really calorie free.  In fact, the exact opposite.)I've never tried their lunch or dinner options, Blueberry Hill is all about breakfast for me.Coffee is good too!
3	I had been here before, about eight years ago.  I went with my sister who couldn't really afford to go anywhere "fancy."  We went and had a nice early dinner, at a reasonable price.Fast forward eight years.  I'm working, making better money (still cheap, though!) and with my boyfriend, who loves, loves, loves waffles.  He was going to settle for Denny's, when I remembered Blueberry Hill.We drove up and he was super skeptical about the place.  It isn't the most interesting looking diner around.  But, it is big and clean.  The place was bustling, but I think that it was a bunch of locals having a leisurely Sunday breakfast.  Jeff ordered a waffle combo with 2 poached eggs and 2 pieces of bacon.  Not having had enough fruit and/or fiber, he also ordered a side of fruit.  He devoured the waffle!  The eggs he wanted a little better cooked than they were, but he still ate them and didn't feel the need to send them back.  The bacon he took his time on eating.  The fruit also went slowly.  I had a few pieces of cantaloupe from it and I thought it was sweet, despite not being completely ripened yet.I got a breakfast burrito. I didn't realize that it was smothered.  Had I known, I might have asked for them not to smother it.  It was a weird sauce, not quite enchilada sauce, not Spanish sauce, not marinara, not salsa, yet it had elements of all of them.  Very strange.  It added nothing to the dish.  The insides were scrambled eggs, peppers and oninons. I love onions, so I wouldn't complain about that, but others might think there were more onions than eggs.  I asked them to leave off the rice. They did and I just had salad, some sour cream and the refried beans with the burrito.  The beans were fine, probably canned, but they were hot and not too salty.  I was just ok with what i got.  I probably should have just gotten an omelet.The cashier was painfully slow.  There was a line of about 7 people. We could have easily left without paying.  Jeff was honest, however.  They have a few video slots machines right when you walk in, but I never saw anyone play them.  The windows in that entryway also have a southwest theme etched into them, but the logo of the place is a boy pouring out blueberry jam?  It was a non sequitir for me, but since I didn't go there for the ambience, I can't really criticize it.
4	If you ever get tired of the whole "$ 'insert number of our choice.99 steak and egg" thing like I do, then head on over to Blueberry Hill right off the strip for some real good late night grub, breakfast, dinner...whatevers.  It's just a simple diner that gots good food at a decent price.Food: Blueberry pancakes (made from scratch, ask for the blueberry sauce on the side unless you LOVE blueberries..keep it mind they also put blueberries in the pancakes too) and Chicken Fried Steak (Nice, thick, crispy and lots of gravy!)*While you wait try your luck on the slots and if you win....good for you! =)
3	yo the french toast here was pretty damn good!! i've been disappointed by so many french toasts, but this place was really good. and i ordered an omelette actually, but i got a choice of not only toast, hash browns, country potatoes, and pancakes, but french toast too!!!! how awesome is that?!?! on the other hand, my spinach omelette had that chopped frozen spinach in it and it was NOT good. so sad.... but the coffee was good, our server was super attentive and sweet, and again, the french toast amazing. the portions were also HUGE but it wasn't exactly cheap either. so all in all, i'd go again, but i'd just stick to french toast :)
3	A little better than Denny's. Lot's of neon inside the building, that always lets you know that things are going to be good. I've only been in once and the chili bacon cheeseburger was pretty good. It had and elongated patty and was served on a hoagie roll. Service was decent. Paying took about 15 minutes. I was with several younger friends and apparently if you are under 25 it is no longer acceptable to carry cash. It was truly a circus show for the cashier to split the check out and run everyone's credit cards. She screwed up my split, which I paid with cash, but I knew it was going to be too difficult for her to comprehend what was going on. She was not happy about the check split and the grimace on her face combined with the tone of her voice made it quite obvious.
3	So far, I've only had the breakfast here, and actually just the omelets (corned beef and the farmer's).  The food is good enough, nothing spectacular.  I do like the fact that you can have blueberry muffin instead of toast.  The server was polite, had no problem bringing out ranch dressing with my hash browns (weird combo I like).  It's also the only thing open past 10 pm not in a casino and reasonably priced in the area.  Not a bad place to sit down and have a casual meal with a buddy.  I do have to complain about the fact that they don't serve dark chicken meat (white is too dry for me).
5	Forget the bling and mimosas. It is Sunday. You went too bed way too late/early. You had the full-on Vegas experience, and now you just feel what most of us feel on the Sunday before you hit the road back to wherever you come from: the hangover!Well forget advil! Blueberry Hill will cure it all. You've starved yourself for weeks to fit in your tiny dress, and now what you're craving is family-style, oversized, comfort food! Welcome to Blueberry Hill!, where the pancakes will feed a family of 4! LOVE THE PLACE! Balance a shiny, bling bling, vegas girls trip with a casual breakfast ! A must !
4	Great 24 hour place. The waitress was very friendly, which is rare to find at 3AM. I got...you guessed it! The blueberry pancakes, and they were quite good with fresh blueberries baked right into the pancakes.
2	This place was a disappointment.  I had an omlett and ordered blueberry pancakes since that's what their claim to fame is.  The pancakes came back with about 1/2 cup of cheap blueberry jam on it.  It was gross.  I expected fresh blueberries, not goop that comes in a 5 gallon can.  I'm sure if you have kids they would love it.  Too me this way way over rated.  Try the Egg & I, or make a trip to Henderson for the Cracked Egg.  That was my favorite.  The Bellagio Sunday Bruch was good considering what what you had to choose from, but these other two places had great food, and off strip prices.  If it's two adults looking for a nice breakfast, pass on Blueberry Hill you're not missing anything.
5	This is a great family restaurant. It does look a lot like an old Denny's, but the food is far better in quality. They serve breakfast all day and i tried the fried chicken and waffles. So good. The waffle was thick and sprinkled with sugar and cinnamon. The fried chicken had a thin breading and very flavorful. Together they were the perfect cure for my new year's hangover. It's a nice place for some good quality food and appropriately priced.
4	blueberry hill is one of those classic late night or morning after huts to frequent when you need something quick, reliable, and tasty. I have personally grown up on the alaskan waffle topped with ice cream and strawberries. I've also experienced blueberry hill for morning after bloody mary's and night coconut cream pie. Regardless of your late night foodie needs, blueberry hill is a great place to stuff your face and shoot the shit for as many hours as you please with a smiling face and full mug of coffee ready to go.
4	Nice and easy, no frills meals. Flap jacks ROCK..
4	Good homemade muffins, you are pretty much safe whatever you order there, and the prices are good too. Good service, they are nice and fast. Right down the strip. They are also open early.
3	If they had better bacon, I'd give them four stars. As it is right now, it's just too routine of a . I restaurant.I got a simple meal for breakfast, the waitress special. The waffle was good. The scrambled eggs were scrambled eggs. The bacon tasted like they had cooked it several hours earlier and then reheated it. I might have liked the meal better if I had gotten the chicken and waffles. This was just too much like Sysco food. I would eat here again but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, so only three stars.
4	mmmm. pancakes. with butter and syrup. side of sausage.old school cool.
4	I really liked this place.  So much so that on a recent weeklong visit to Las Vegas, I ate here three times.It's a chill spot serving up basic diner fare but keeping it a notch above the IHOPs and Denny's of the world.Remember the end of Pulp Fiction (or middle) where Vincent and Jules are having breakfast at that diner that gets robbed.  Well, this is sorta that place minus the robbery.  Also, lots of big windows make the place much brighter than Tarantino's joint.The first morning I had blueberry pancakes.  They're served three to an order and topped with blueberries, blueberry syrup and a dollop of whipped cream.  I asked the waitress if they came in a short stack because I didn't think I would finish them all.  She said no one does (finish them).The verdict: excellent.  What really contributed to my liking of this place is the fact that it's a 'family restaurant'.  I was watching my three kids during the day while their mom attended conferences and it was no problem getting two of the rugrats into a booth while the other one was next to me in a car seat (she's only two months old).  Nobody was pissed that I had kids there.  A majority of the people were older, 50s or 60s.  It was a pleasant vibe for my family to enjoy breakfast.  It says it's open 24 hrs but I never got in beyond noon.  Buy my son was able to order spaghetti from the kids meal at 9am which was hella cool because he's not really into breakfast.  Everything was good which can be expected.  It wasn't tremendous or knock your socks off or high-end.  It was good which is what you expect when you go out for breakfast.
5	i got the 5.99 special and added some blueberry compote on the side...  if you are in vegas dont even think about dennys. this place can get crowded, but its worth the wait
4	This is a great place for breakfast and lunch once more. They hired a new manager he really cracked the whip and straighten this place out, the food again is very good served hot and quick. Try their biscuits and gravy. The Tennessee steak and eggs also one of my favs.
3	This place was okay. It is definitely a hangover-cure kind of place: huge portions of down-home, calorie-laden fare. Here's what we had, with commentary: One thing that really makes a place like this for me is good, strong coffee. Unfortunately the coffee here was watery. -pigs in a blanket: frou-frou sausages designed by some SF chef wrapped in pancakes, sprinkled liberally with powdered sugar and served with maple syrup. Pretty good. I could swear that the pancakes had some cornmeal in them? They had this odd combination of tasting pleasantly of corn, but also being very, very fluffy.-omelet. denver, i think. My husband said it was just ok. It looked really, really greasy. It came with pancakes. -chocolate layer cake: dry. Not very tasty.The bathrooms were very clean.
4	The best hash-slingin, short order diner in Vegas IMO.  This is a regular stop for us for breakfast on every visit to Vegas to get away from the Stripinsanity - good coffee, great food, sassy, seasoned waitresses (they dont start up with you unless you start up with them!), and just an all-around good experience.  I usually get the cornedbeef hash with eggs, the wife gets the fabulous four-cheese crepes, the menu is long & varied with many southwestern-inspired variations.  If you're tired of the swill being slopped out in the overpriced casino breakfast buffets try this place.Last visit 1/31/10Bill B
4	My husband and I were craving pancakes..so using our new "HTC" (our first smart phone, and our first joint phone since we got married 2 weeks ago), we searched for the nearest pancake restaurant on our way to the airport! and we stumbled across this and we were not disappointed! We had blueberry and strawberry pancakes! they were sooo fluffy and sooo tasty...it was the perfect place for our pancake craving! love it! oh, and their grilled ham on the side was perfectly salty to accompany our sweet pancakes (or maybe i was just really hungry, but i enjoyed their ham!)
4	I love this place! This is the classic American diner that we all look for. It's a family owned chain of about 4 I think, I choose to go to this one even though it was a little further out because it wasn't 24 hours. All items on the menu are great portions and qulaity food, they advertise on their site that they use fresh OJ, bacon and ham from Oscar mayer, etc. You can actually tatse the difference compatred to a Denny's or IHOP. 4 stars because they are little pricier than other diners but still cheap overall,so more like 4.5 stars.
5	I LOVE this place.  The portions were HUGE and the price was fantastic.  I ate here twice while I stayed in Vegas.  I highly recommend the pancakes...so fluffy and delicious!
3	Another good, solid breakfast place. Menu is large so pretty much can find something.
4	Where do the Vegas locals eat?? This place!!This is a good place to check out if you want to stray away from the strip and the tourists. The prices are great and they give you loads of food.The service was great...our waitress was very friendly and attentive. Coffee cups were refilled continuously and to me that's always a good thing :)Oh and the Blueberry pancakes are so yummy. They are large so you might want to share. It was too early for me to order dinner but it all looked so good. Next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely consider this place for a nice home-style cooked meal.
4	Yea I'm a fan. I had the apple sausage waffles. Delicious.
1	If i could give it less than a 1 i would. Ate there yesterday(7-23-10) at about 12 P.M. The waitress tried to seat our party of 8 in to a small table so that we (Would not take up her table) yes, she actually told us that. Ordered drinks and she left before taking everyone's drink order. After she returned she brought the rest of the drink and she took our meal order. The first 2 plates arrived 30 minutes later, the next 2 ten minutes later. The last 3 meals arrived 15 minutes later, and they were not correctly made. A milk shake that was ordered upon arrival was never brought. We asked for a manager numerous times and one never appeared. At one point they sent out a dishwasher that just nodded at us. The table  next to us arrived 10 minutes after we did, and they received their food about 20 minutes before us. Their food all arrived at the same time, and keep in mind they were a bigger party. Maybe the server taught they were better tippers. After we finished the bland meal, we received two separate checks. As we went to pay we noticed that they automatically add a 15 percent gratuity to the check. That was the last straw, we informed the hostess that we would pay the bill but no the gratuity. One of the servers told her to do so, the manager never came out. DO NOT EAT THERE, waste of time for bad food.
4	Delicious food, great home town feel restaurant. All my favorite breakfast foods, large portions, not oily or greasy either. Off the strip but not too far. Prices are great for the meal you're getting as well. My favorite meal is the omelet and hash browns, though I've never tasted anything bad out of this restaurant!
5	One of my top favorite places to eat breakfast at in Las Vegas. The restaurant is not too far from UNLV which is very convenient for college students like me. When I go I always order "The Little Boy Blue" which comes with blueberry pancakes, two pieces of bacon or sausage, and your choice of eggs. I also order a side of their hash browns that are made fresh. You can definitely taste the difference between Denny's and Blueberry Hill.The blueberry pancakes I order are so delicious! There's no need for syrup on these pancakes because they top it with blueberries, and blueberry jam. What's the point of going to a placed named "Blueberry Hill" without trying any of their blueberry concoctions?Whatever you decide on ordering in the end will not disappoint. My word of advice however, be ready to want to come back for more!
5	I am NOT a  breakfast food person... Most of the foods for breakfast are either too sweet OR they are eggs.I am not a fan of either.However ... there are times when there is this crazy craving for pancakes. To satiate this craving I head not to IHOP but to Blueberry Hill. They have the most awesome pancakes EVER.Now I am a creature of habit, so whenever I went I would get the blueberry pancakes with blueberry compote. But then I discovered crepes... oh... my....gravy... the crepes... they are evil good... they pull you in and they want you to have them daily. They are super thin , and filled with a cream cheese filling ... and have compote on the top...ohhh yeah sign me up... Then even better than that are the Rum Runner Pancakes .. they are coconut/pineapple captain morgan goodness that should be your go to for a carb overload... and comfort food friend.Delish! Gotta say the staff is always friendly and always has amazing service.luh-luh LOVE IT as soon as the foot is better i am trekking down for some serious pancake eating. :)
4	Fiance found this place on Yelp.  It is another place we would have never stopped at had it not been for all the Yelp reviews.  These were the best pancakes I've ever had.  As the fiance said, "what in the pancake is going on here?!"  Seriously good.  Only giving them 4 stars because the place was a little ghetto-ish.  But who cares when the pancakes are that good??
3	The food was pretty good and the price was great. It was a little hard to find, but the service was great.
5	This place has great food! We went there on our way out of town yesterday and had pancakes which were the best ever, fluffy, delicious...chicken fried steak and eggs with gravy, very good, and ham steak and eggs (great ham steak,) and a western scramble which was absolutely perfect. The sourdough bread must be home made. Wow. Margarita was our server, and made sure we had everything we needed. Awesome!
3	There is an ancient Chinese saying that goes "If eating at a restaurant with Burrito in the name, its not usually a good idea to get a Hamburger."  That maxim holds true here at Blueberry Hill.  Basically, if you get anything that contains blueberries I have no doubt you're going to enjoy it.  The Blueberry pancakes are excellent as is the waffle and crepe.  In fact, Im sure if you do any of those with any fruit they're tasty.  Where the situation goes downhill is on the rest of the menu.  The eggs were a pretty sorry mess.  They looked as if they were left over from a buffet hot tray.  The hash browns were an amalgamation of frozen potato strips heated up to "meh."  I recently got the Chili Cheese Omelet which had some fancy name like Texas Omelet and the chili was so plain I was actually scooping around it to get back to the eggs which says a lot (see above).  If I had only listened to those darn Chinese philosophers.  They appear to have a lunch and dinner menu, but to be honest thats like saying JC Penny's sells electronics.  Sure its there, but does anyone really opt for it?The crazy thing is how crowded this place can get.  I mean, if everyone were there to get Blueberry pancakes, I could understand but I know there not....which means Im either missing something or Vegas has a dearth of solid breakfast options.  So to recap: Go if you need pancakes or waffles, especially with blueberries.  Avoid most everything else.  Three stars because they nail what their name says they should and their staff is quite friendly.  PS- Coffee is just decent.
4	This place has classic choices at reasonable prices.  The service was a little spotty, but again, the food is definitely worth a visit.  My wife's family and I stopped here for a bowl of hot soup on a cold day.  Most of us ordered the delicious chicken & smoked sausage gumbo, but my wife ordered the chicken noodle soup.  The ingredients aren't of expensive quality, but the taste makes up for it.  Check this place out for sure, you won't be sorry!
4	I got blue boy, 2 pancakes with blueberry sauce, ham and 2 eggs, with coffee. Ham and eggs were what you can get anywhere else. But the coffee was good and yes, blueberry pancakes were extremely good. I don't think the price is very cheap, but I will definitely go back for pancakes.
3	Blueberry Hill is one of those places that has a few really good items (like their Coconut Cream Pie) and the usual array of breakfast food.  Recently, they've changed their menu up a bit and have a few new selections that look really good that I haven't had the chance to try.  This last time I visited I had a pork fritter dinner.  Okay, so even the server couldn't tell me what was in the pork fritter exactly, but it was pretty darn tasty.  I know, it's a breakfast place...I should probably have ordered breakfast.The service at this particular location is a little hit and miss.  You can tell who the regulars are as they occupy the majority of the server's time.  Once you get your order in, the wait for your food to come is average but getting your beverage refilled may be a little difficult if you're the shy type.Overall, not a bad place to go and definitely worth the drive from the strip to save a little extra for that slot machine that keeps winking at you on your way to your room.
4	Four stars alone just for having healthy choice options on the menu! I always hit up this family style diner after a workout at Gold's across the street.  Egg whites, grilled chicken, whole grain toast, fruit plate is a perfect after workout meal. Menu here is huge! I miss it already back here in NY.
5	I'm writing this review because I really miss their down home cookin'. The variety of food and the quantity is more than enough to satisfy everyone. The service is excellent. When I go down next month to hang out I will definitely stop by for some breakfast. Happy!
5	"O-o-o-o-o-h I'm SSSSOOO FULL!"  That's what you'll say after leaving this place; that's my first complaint.  It made a pig out of me.  The menu has so many choices that it is laminated and spiral bound.  There's a whole page just for Mexican breakfasts.  The color pictures make it hard to decide which meal to order; that's my second complaint.  My breakfast was delayed because it took me a while to tell the waitress which dish I wanted.  Butter cream waffles or french toast stuffed with cream cheese and topped with pineapple-coconut-rum?  Apple chicken sausage omelette or potato pancakes with sour cream?  And then there's the fine print; watch out for hidden extras!  I ordered a corned beef hash skillet and it came topped with potatoes and eggs over easy accompanied by a toast & jelly.  My husband's blueberry pancakes were huge and thick, with blueberries in & out, and topped with whipped cream and even he couldn't finish them.  Everything was delish.  Good variety of lunch & dinner items too, but you're out of luck if you're a vegetarian; even the salads all have meat or fish in them.This place is extremely clean & bright, even the bathroom smelled good.  The waitress was extremely personable and attentive.  I'd eat here every day if I could.
4	Breakfast within a breakfast within a breakfastIf fashion designers had a breakfast collection their entire collection would be listed here. Packed with a hefty amount of comfort dishes & breakfast selections which makes denny's menu look like a single sheet of paper.But that's not what this review is about. Its about their service! Stumbled here after yelping for a hangover cure, thanks to a fellow yelpers review this was the perfect place to crash after a long night of...(let's just leave it at that)Prairie oyster the most disgusting cure for a hangover & after briefly explaining the ingredients to my host, my order came in promptly! In it came & down it went. Snapped up the bonanza skillet (with ham, hash browns) rejuvenating the gut.As for service, no odd stares from the hosts just a patient & thoughtful waitress. Left her a good tip.
3	Had heard good things about this place so we gave it a try for breakfast/lunch last Friday. We were seated right away and the waitress was prompt with drinks and  orders. The menu is big so it took me awhile to make a good choice. I went with the potato pancake combo. It was good, solid... nothing exceptional. Came with both sour cream and applesauce, which I liked. Hate having to pick one. Overall a decent, expedient, reasonable meal. Good standby.
5	Wow this place is really amazing. We just had breakfast and for just 9 dollars we got so much stuff: three eggs, three giant and super delicious pancakes, three strips of crispy bacon and three sausages!!! And the service is great too! Highly recommended.
5	We've been going to BBH for a loooong time and have always loved it.  We are diner, comfort food kinda people and they've got it here.  I usually get the stuffed french toast and my hubby gets the potato pancakes.  They had a $4.99 special for cinnamon swirl pancakes so I decided to give them a try.  OMG!!!  They were amazing!  They had a crunchy cinnamon crust on top and were soft and tender inside.  Seriously, the most delicious pancakes I have ever had.  I got 4 huge pancakes and could only eat 1 1/2 so had some yummy left overs although the cinnamon crust softened.  My hubby loved them, too.  His potato pancakes were flavorful so overall we were two happy campers.  Always, BBH is a must when in Vegas!
4	I declare this the best diner in Las Vegas.I ordered the corned beef hash with scrambled eggs and hash browns.Corned Beef Hash: I'm always surprised at how different each diner will prepare the corned beef hash. This version offered tender diced onions along with crispy and salty corned beef. It was really good. Some places make their hash really mushy, but Blueberry Hill cooks it to the right consistency in my book. Crispy, but still moist.Eggs: Surprisingly better than most places. The eggs had a silky smooth texture to it. I'm guessing they used a dash of cream in it.Hash Browns: Best hash browns i've had at a diner. It was your typical shredded potatoes, however the hash browns were cooked to crisp perfection.
4	Every trip to Vegas at least once a year we try to find a off the strip diner to have breakfast and always end up back here.  Generous portions, great coffee, friendly locals and reasonable prices.   I always get an omelet and pancakes, usually the biggest plate I've ever seen for a side.....
4	Good food and excellent service. Prices are $6 to $12.
1	I wrote a long review and Yelp wouldn't log in and I lost it. Don't want to waste another moment on this place but really feel the need to warn others. Stopped here at 4am on my way home from dancing and anything would have tasted good. Except my meal was unedible, my friends had to be sent back. To top it off the prices are higher then overpriced IHOP and Dennys. Stay away from this place!
2	Do not order the chorizo!!! it was too spicy & mushy!blah!
5	I first hit this place months ago with two of my brothers, it was declared a must stop and eat place that day. Servings are super sized and plenty tasty. This last time I went it was just Kim and I. I changed my order last minute as the waitress showed up and went for the "OMLLECAKE". There is a pic of it that someone posted on here already. I could not finish the beast, but what a delicious challenge. A four egg omlette with whatever trimmings you want wrapped in a giant pancake. MMM good, and I am usually a savory not sweet breakfast person. I may never attempt the Omllecake again, but that is only because they have a huge menu and I am eager to try it all. Also, I can only speak for this location, I have passed by the others, but only eaten at this one.
4	The best pancakes and french toast you will find in town. Their pancake batter is full of flavor and their have a variety of pancakes. French toast is real good too. The price is decent and the food portions are good. Dessert is also great and so are their Malts.
4	we went because we were looking for something close to our hotel and we are not familiar with the east side of town. First of all the bus boy brought us water and FRESH hot coffee before we even sat all the way down. We decided to share food because it was a little more pricey than we had planned on spending, so i ordered a small fruit cup on the side also. There was SO MUCH FOOD!! between the two of us sharing we could not even finish it! and our coffee never got below half a cup. The wait staff was ON IT! our service was great. Food was typical diner food but tasty as well. My husband ordered chicken fried steak and eggs, and I dont eat meat so he had them substitute egg whites for me and I STILL could not finish my portion! If you are really hungry this is the place for you! We went on a Sunday morning about 730a.m. and it wasnt crowded at all. but they didnt have any specials either. the specials are only during the week. so over all we spent about 20 bucks, but there was a TON of food we left full and happy and the coffee was bomb!
4	I was introduced to this place as a lowly college student, in Vegas with my roommates on a weekend getaway from college (in LA), and we had friend who lived just around the corner, and they took us their for breakfast....and it was DELISH!!  Fast Forward 15 YEARS...Apparently It Left An Impression....In Vegas With My Co-Workers For A Paul Mitchell Convention....and I Was In Charge Of The Agenda Which Was To Include Meals...So We Didn't Argue....So Of Course My First Thought Was That We Were Going To Come Here For Breakfast One Day.  I Had Talked It Up To My Team...and Let Me Say, When We First Got There...They Were Like WHERE THE HELL ARE YOU TAKING US??!!  It Is A Little In The Ghetto....And The Restaurant Looks Like It Could Use Some Renovation Love....But They Love and Trust Me...So We Went It....LUCKILY...It Was BUSY...But Not Out The Door Busy (Like It Can Get)....We Sat Down Had The Most AMAZING and SPUNKY Waitress....Browsed The Menu (I Know What I Was Having Biscuits and Gravy).  Everyone Ordered, Still A Little Skeptical, It Is Just Your Standard Breakfast Joint Menu....UNTILL THE FOOD CAME....Then No One Spoke...Just Ate.  Ate Their Food...Ate Off Each Others Plates....Wanted More...But Were Too Full To Think About More Food.  I Had Redeemed Myself In The Eyes Of My Co-Workers With The Best Breakfast In Vegas......We Still Talk About The Pancakes....Biscuit and Gravy and The OMLETTA....Mind you...we know the meal clogged our arteries just a little....but we made up for it, with some well deserved shopping cardio right afterwards....We can't wait for next years training....!!  Oh and PS:  When We Left....It Was Out The Door Line....and That's Always A Good Sign!!!
4	I'm giving the Hill a star bump!  I've now been here at least 25 times and I can't get enough!  I've had every sandwich on the menu and I love 'em all.  This is the sort of place where the waitress calls you "honey" and your soda is never empty :)
4	Blueberry Hill is a great local diner. Prices are modest, but portions are huge. The omelettes are made with FOUR eggs! They're huge. Granted, they aren't the prettiest things, but they are packed with filling. Plus, they are open 24 hours.  Even in Vegas, finding a decent, convenient 24 hour place can be somewhat tricky.  The coffee is pretty weak, but what do expect from a diner?  We tried two of the omelettes. The corned beef hash omelette was packed with hash, cheddar cheese, onions, and pepper. The eggs were surprisingly fluffy, though they wouldn't win a beauty contest.  The apple chicken sausage omelette was also good, though I found the sausage was a bit meek in flavor. All omelettes are served with a choice of pancakes (which are huge), french toast, or hash browns and toast.The place was packed to the rafters, but service was decent. The kitchen was slow, but out waitress was great.  She was one of those older diner waitresses whom you'd expect would put her hand on your shoulder and call you honey as she refilled your coffee. Much to my disappointment, she didn't, but she kept our water glasses and coffee mugs full.Definitely will be back the next time I am in Vegas. I had to give this place two $$ signs, but it would be on the very low end of that range. I would estimate about $11-14 per person, including your meal and a soft drink or cup o' joe.
5	Find your thrill at Blueberry HillI love this place.  Part of it is because it's a great diner / pancake house that puts IHOP to shame.  The other reason is because it primarily caters to locals.  Look around, lots of blackjack dealers and cage cashiers grab a bite here after their shifts at the casino.Blueberry Hill's menu is extensive and includes pages of breakfast, lunch, dinner, specials, and desserts.  It's overwhelming, you have to focus.  The only meal I've had here has been breakfast.  My favorite is the "Little Boy Blue."  It's two blueberry pancakes with whipped cream, two eggs, and two slices of bacon or sausageThe pancakes are made-from-scratch, old-fashioned buttermilk pancakes.  The waitresses are friendly, atmosphere informal, and the prices are a bargain.   Even if you don't win in the casino, you'll certainly be a winner at this place.
4	Great replacement for Village Inn, IHOP, or any other pancake type of diner.  The portions are huge and the price is reasonable.  The service is quick and the menu is full of options.
1	Haven't eaten here in awhile and remember it being delicious. This time I wasn't impressed.my glass had orange juice crust on the outside and our hash browns looked and tasted old. My pancakes were great however ruining pancakes is a feat in itself. I wouldn't eat here again since I ended up paying $32.71 for three small plates and water.  For the money egg works or sunrise cafe are twice as good. Hope this was useful.Also a small side not, there was a dog loose in their parking lot and I asked for a piece of bread or something to try and coax it to me and they were going to charge me for a side of sausages, I wasn't going to eat it! They lacked compassion and if you can't treat an animal right how can you treat a person right. No wonder the service was terrible.
3	3.5 starsThis is where big ass families or hungover twenty-somethings go on Sunday mornings to binge on pancakes and syrup; I was part of the latter. Perhaps the alcohol clouded my judgement but it wasn't too bad. The portions are generous and prices are reasonable. They focus on classic American food with some south of the border influence. Chorizo Omelette and Chilaqueles Verde, anyone? There are no frills, glitter, and gimmicks here. Just straight forward food.I enjoyed my veggie omelette and pancakes. It tasted fresh and not too greasy. My friend gave her stamp of approval on the Huevos Rancheros. Although, they were late on giving my friend's potatoes. Ambiance recalls old Vegas diner: fading lights, plastic seats, and outdated decor. This places screams nostalgia. The waitress was totally cool and seemed unfazed by the stampede of customers. Overall, Blueberry succeeds on delivering decent breakfast food.
5	This place is fantastic.  I've been eating here since high school 20 years ago.  I've tried pretty much everything here.  The breakfast is decent but those pancake are phenomenal.  But after having the Italian Meatloaf a few years back I don't order anything else.My girl and I sometimes go there to share an Alaskan Waffle!!!
5	born and raised in new york.. this diner beats any ny diner i've been to. it's unfortunate, but true. get the pancakes.
5	My favorite diner in las vegas and the pancakes will haunt your dreams......oh yes the open face turkey is your grandmas best.....
2	This is the 3rd Blueberry Hill restaurant I've been too and I'm not very fond of it at all. The service was very slow for no apparent reason. They just sat us, took about 5 minutes to bring over some menus, another 5 minutes to bring our drinks, then another 10 minutes to come take our orders. Mind you that there were only 4 other tables with customers because it was a midweek morning. If it were a weekend, the service would be totally understandable, but it was just annoying to watch the waitresses keep passing by us without taking our orders or refilling our cups. Aside from the lazy service, the food was good (as usual). I had a Benedict, my mom had a spinach and cheese omelet, and my sister had huevos rancheros. All were very appetizing and huge in portion. The sauce they put on top of my Benedict was so flavorful and not too thick or watery. It was probably my favorite part of the dish. I only wish the service matched the quality of the food. Even with us saying goodbye and thank you to the employees on our way out, we didn't get a single response. Unfortunately, I have to give this place 2 stars instead of 4 because I've experienced way better service at other locations.
3	I'm not sure exactly how I feel about Blueberry Hill but I do know I always eat breakfast there at least one time when I'm in Vegas. The food is a-ok as are their prices. The palce itself looks like it crawled out of the 80s and no one has done much to it since, including the staff uniforms, silverware, plates, glasses, mugs, etc. What balances that out is the superb service. Every waitress in the past has been a sweetheart, which is refreshing these days. I'll be back next month, Blueberry Hill.
3	A great little local chain with great size portions and good food.The staff was friendly, but perhaps a bit slow. I never felt like my needs weren't being met, and there was plenty of coffee and creamer to be had.If you are a local you are probably going to enjoy it here more than if you are coming from the strip.  They don't trip over themselves to cater to you, but they are certainly not ignorant of your wishes.Honestly my biggest complaint during my visit was a Fluorescent Ballast near the table that was humming an annoying tune during breakfast.  I mentioned it to the hostess, so hopefully future patrons won't have to listen to the 'Ballad of the Faulty Ballast'.
5	This place never lets me down.  Order anything off the menu! its all good!  The service is great here.  I go regularly and have never gotten bad service.  Excellent Pancakes!
4	I am solely writing this review on one plate that I ordered.  And that is  the alaskan waffles.  I absolutely loved it and its like a breakfast dessert that anyone can eat in anytime of the day.  I would definitely recommend it to anyone and you guys should give it a try. It is with a medium sized waffle that is  topped with ice cream and your choice of apple or blueberry or strawberry compote. Finished with whipped cream and it was absolutely delish :)
2	Have driven by this place thinking it would be a great cheap dive. Pretty over priced for the quality and the service was lazy. Not much else to say!
1	I take that all back. The food was terrible this last time I went. It seems as if they raise the prices and lowered the quality. I remember when you would have to wait in line to get in here on a Saturday morning and this time half the place was empty. Tsk, tsk.
4	great food, great ambiance but a little pricey
4	Huge portions and they never let my coffee cup get empty. That starts them off on a great foot with me. We were seated immediately even on a Sunday morning. Service was prompt but not overbearing. We had plenty of time to look at the huge menu and the waitress was kind when I asked a few questions about the specials I had sped past on the way to my seat.Waffles definitely taste like an old school diner. Were all diners issued the same waffle makers way back in the day??Anyways... waffle was huge. Eggs were cooked perfectly. Bacon was cooked perfectly - crispy but not burned. My wifey had the omelet and it was INSANELY huge. I think it was 4 eggs. Whoa. Huge. I'd dine here again in a heartbeat. Portions were huge and the price was super cheap.
5	Wonderful crepes with perfectly ripe fresh fruit. Friendly service. Location doesn't come up on Google Maps, but it's worth finding!
5	A great choice for breakfast off the strip!If you enjoy breakfast, you will have a hard time deciding what to pick from over 6 pages of breakfast items, including the classic (eggs benedict, country fried steak), to the interesting (Oreo pancakes, fried chicken and waffles). We had the chicken fried steak, which was excellent, and the banana pancakes, which are some of the best I've ever had. The portions are huge, the coffee is perfect, the prices are low and the service is good. The parking is easy, and it's only about 2 miles away from the strip.
5	Everytime I go to Vegas, I make it a point to stop and eat at Blueberry Hill.  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the service, the prices, the atmosphere & especially the FRENCH TOAST!  The french toast is just melt-in-your-mouth, pure bliss.  Can't get enough of it.  Wish you guys would come here to California!!!
4	A true old school diner! Plates full of enough food to soak up tanks of alcohol or cure that "why do I do this to myself" hangover. Mmmmm chicken and waffles please and thank you!!
5	Best eggs benedict florentine I've ever eaten in my life. And i've had a lot of eggs benedict in all kinds of different ways. The hollandaise sauce was thick and creamy. Mmmmm and the eggs benedict was served with mushrooms which really enhanced it. The french toast was addicting. The BOMB!!
4	I've been to 3 or 4 Blueberry Hill restaurants in Vegas and all of them are really good. Even the ones that look like they're run down holes still serve up great food. You would think that anything more than eggs, pancakes or a burger would be a bad choice but I've ordered a bunch of different things and they've all been better than expected. It's one of my safe, go-to places to eat when I'm in Vegas.
4	Was looking forward to breakfast as this place came highly recommended! It didn't disappoint! Lets start with the biscuits and gravy...simply delicious. The pancakes were melt in your mouth divine and the coffee keeps on coming. Will definitely be back for seconds!
5	I'm a regular Saturday morning diner here (along with my barber) and one of the reasons we come here is not only because of the terrific food (that's a "given"), but because of the excellent service given to us by LINDA.In fact, we'd be very disappointed if we went in there one day and she wasn't serving us.  She knows our habits, likes and dislikes and takes care of everything, flawlessly.I've never eaten anything there that wasn't fantastic.Unfortunately, this location is no longer open 24/7.  They're open every day, but only from 6 AM to 9 PM.
4	Food was solid, but not necesarrily a must have. Everything looked good and they had a huge menu. I got the Oreo cookie pacakes and they were great. Tasty but not too sweet and overbearing. Was also a ton of food and I could only eat half of it
4	I recently went here for breakfast, and it was great!My guy and I were seated quickly, and before you knew it, our server was at our table getting our drink order.I had the blueberry pancakes... awesome! The pancakes were light and fluffy, flavor was amazing! Lots of blueberries on top, and of course whipped cream. If you come to this restaurant for breakfast, make sure that you come hungry! Portions are huge, and if you wanted to can easily be shared between two people. Everything was great, and I will be definately coming back!
5	This is the better version of IHOP. Many more food choices and very friendly waitresses! I recommend trying their Honey Coconut Chicken Salad! Very delicious and healthy. I just wish their most of their juices were free refills like orange juice.
5	We went for brunch and our party of 4 all enjoyed our meals, so much so we're considering going again tomorrow. The enormous side of pancakes with the omelets  were great....some said they were amongst the best EVER.  Service was quick and friendly.
4	Made a stop for Pancakes before heading home to So Cal. I wasn't dissapointed, good tasting and big ! My wife got the Cinnamon Swirl pancakes and liked the taste and they were big ! Friendly service too !
4	Great food and not pricey! Always try to get my girlfriend to take me when I'm visiting her
4	This is as close as I can find to an east coast diner. The menu is expansive and the food is always pretty good.  I don't think I've every had anything bad.  I've had some mediocre food, and some fantastic food - so we keep going back.  It's also a great place in my neighborhood for breakfast if you don't want to go the casino route.  My new favorite is the Irish Benedict.  Corned beef hash instead of Canadian bacon - aside from that, standard Bene.  Super-tasty.  I like to get that and my husband gets an omlette with pancakes... we then trade 1/2 of my hashbrowns for one of his pancakes.  Perfect meal - although it's really too much food.  That doesn't stop me from eating it.The cinnamon pancakes and apple pancakes are also very good.  I've tried the omlettes, the waffles, the french toast - all good stuff.  I think I've had dinner/lunch there once or twice.  I don't remember what I had, so clearly not memorable.  But, we keep going back.  It's never been bad food.  Prices are good for the amount that you get.
3	A bit dated but for its age there is no neglect.  I've been in larger chain restaurants that were not as tidy as Blueberry Hill Family Restaurant hereto referred as Blueberry Hill.
5	Go here all the time when working since it is open 24hrs great selection on the menu and always have had great service. Would recommend anyone to come here if your looking for a late night meal.
5	We checked out this restaurant, since it was close to our hotel.  The food isn't overpriced since it is delicious.  Will be eating here when I'm back in Vegas.  The service is amazing, very friendly.Go check it out, you won't regret it.
5	THE MOST AMAZING PANCAKES I'VE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE! It was after 4pm and I was craving pancakes and stumbled upon this little hidden gem. Service is great and I enjoyed every minute of my experience. Def check it out! I will be back!
4	This place is a must I make a point to eat here every time I go to Las Vegas. The food is amazing ( minus the pork chops) and they give you really big portions . Allison was my waitress twice during my last las Vegas  trip  and she was amazing . If you go I recommend the biscuits and gravy or the Philly cheesesteak omelet .
4	This is one where I wish yelp had 3.5 stars and not just 3 or 4.We went there for breakfast and split the meatloaf covered with gravy, it was great, the pancakes were also excellent. The service was just a tad off which is why I don't think it deserved the full four stars, but I will let them have it anyway.
5	The best place to eat in Vegas!  Hands down
5	After three days of overpriced, so-so breakfasts at the casinos, this place was EXACTLY what we wanted!  Big portions, cheap and awesome!  The pancakes were big and fluffy and the biscuits and gravy were amazing!  I wished I had room to try a piece of the cake or pie in the display case - seriously, if they do biscuits that good, what must their desserts be like?!  Next time, I guess.  Because I WILL be back the next time I am in Vegas!
5	Love, love, love, love Blueberry Hill!! This is a must any time I am in Vegas. The most amazing chicken fried steak and country gravy (white like it's supposed to be) and fantastic pancakes. At one time they also had some killer biscuits but somewhere along the way they've changed the recipe and they taste like straight lard now. We don't even bother with casino breakfast or eating on the strip.... we get up early to eat breakfast here. Honestly, if you've never been here for breakfast you should really try it. I can't speak for lunch or dinner but I can tell you that the breakfast is excellent!
4	I had been wanting to go have breakfast here for the longest and my boyfriend finally took me there and OH EMM GEE the pancakes were good. The service was great and I will definitely go back gotta give the hash browns a thumbs up too
3	I came in a little before the normal dinner time. I ordered the special which was pot roast. It came with potatoes and celery that were cooked with the Pot Roast. First of all, the food: Great pot roast. Tender and tasty, the sides were good as well. Now, the service:  Promptly greeted and seated. Order was taken quickly. And then it deteriorated rapidly. Was brought the salad, the food arrived before I had time to finish it, that's kind of normal. I had ordered coffee for a drink. My waitress never checked on me during the course of the meal. She sat at the counter and ate. I understand that employees need to eat, but in my restaurant experience, you make sure another waitress covers your tables. I had to wave down the other waitress to get more coffee. The special included dessert. My waitress brought my check, I had to make a point of desiring dessert, she made no mention of it. She cleared my table, taking my silverware, then brought the pie I ordered (very good apple pie by the way). She didn't bring a fork with it. So I'm now sitting with apple pie in front of me with no means to eat it. It took a few minutes to locate my waitress and get her to bring me a fork, which she did in what almost seemed a begrudging manner. I've been here more than a few times to eat, and to be fair have experienced excellent service in the past. This experience was definitely out of the norm for this restaurant.  As I enjoy eating here, I hope it's not a trend.
4	I went for breakfast. The service was good and the portions were huge. I had the Chef's Special which was French toast, 2 eggs and a huge slice of ham. The French Toast was prepared just right and (surprise) the eggs were cooked the way I ordered them. A bit expensive but all in all well worth the trip.I will go back.
3	Food was good but found it REALLY weird that this guy climbed up into the booth and started washing the windows.... probably not the right time!
3	I'm not sure if this is the most legitimate way to judge a restaurant, but I was hungover and after eating the food at Blueberry Hill, I still felt like I wasn't satisfied. Granted, I didn't try their pancakes, but the food tasted mediocre and was sparse. I had the corn beef hash with eggs and hash browns. The corn beef was good and was the standard that you could get at any breakfast place. The hash browns were a little stale and the eggs were eggs. Yay for ketchup.
5	I've been living in Las Vegas for 14 years now and I had never stepped foot into a Blueberry Hill.Came in for lunch and was immediately seated, it was not very packed, I assume it's because of the weather. I usually drive by and the parking lot is full.The only thing that disappointed me are the specials. They have different ones for different days of the week and they only serve them on the days assigned. I will definitely be coming back on a Tuesday for their pot roast special. I decided to go with the popeye chicken. It was really yummy. It came with green beans, mashed potatoes with gravy and a side of chicken noodle soup. The chicken itself in the entree was really juicy, smothered in cheese and spinach.  The chicken noodle soup was very hearty. I was very satisfied with my meal.To finish the meal off, I ordered a stack of the Oreo pancakes. All I can say is WOW. I had never seen such big, beautiful, fluffy pancakes. I took a bite and my taste buds exploded. Service was great. Our waitress was friendly and our food came out pretty quick. The restaurant itself has a nice, old school vibe. I need to come here often and try everything!
5	In my opinion, this is the best Blueberry Hill has to offer. The food and service are excellent, and the kitchen staff are professionals. Compared to other restaurants, this place makes me want to eat here three times a day. And, it has been this way for 20 years. Thank you!
5	Pancakes are the best I've ever had. I went with my personal favorite - chocolate chip & shared them along with a corned beef omelette.
3	Best pancakes i've ever had, so good i can't imagine eating pancake anywhere else.Soft, Fluffy, Moist. You know what determine's a good pancake is when you pour syrup on it and it absorbs it like a sponge!I had the fresh apple pancakes and they were delicious! no need for syrup. Clean diner and friendly service. Famous for their pancakes and gives great helpings.Next time must order their oreo pancakes!
5	Delish. Love that this place is 24 hours. For sure a great late night spot with friends, try the eggs Benedict!!
4	Breakfast is GREAT!!!  Pancakes and French Toast AMAZING !! Service is GREAT.. Im going up in a week
4	Chicken noodle soup is the BOMB. We were sick, like throwing up for days sick, so it was something good to eat that stayed down. And like the BEST chicken noodle soup I've ever had. Service was great; waitress was really nice. The walls are purple and remind you of blueberry stains on your pancakes. :) I also got crepes; they were aight. Maybe I'm just more of a fan of savory crepes. I'll be back to try more stuff soon!
4	killer pancakes!!!!
5	If your looking to have a big breakfast at a small price come here hungry food is amazing .
2	Food was okay I wasn't impressed. My girlfriend had a salad and a she got was a lousy iceberg salad. The service was slow , I doubt I'll go back .
4	Pros and Cons of our visit to Blueberry Hill Family Restaurant. Pros*Food was really tasty. *Nice menu with lots of pictures and unique items. *Large portions of food at affordable prices. * Food was very tasty!Cons*Poor service, (I'm only rating my visit) Wait staff just seemed uninterested/unfriendly. But this is Vegas. What did I expect. Summary I'd go back lots of yummy looking food pictured on the menu I did not order today.
3	Blueberry Hill is a good place for breakfast. Came here at the end of our Vegas trip and we were seated right away. I ordered the breakfast skillet with meat and hash browns, I forgot the exact name on the menu. The skillet was much better than I had expected. It was quite delicious. The place is fairly clean and the customer service is decent.
5	We hit this place on almost every trip. I really love it that much!! Generally I'm a pancake guy, I eat them all hours of the day, but this place works some magic with the French toast. I don't know how they do it. It's crispy but not hard and the perfect amount sweet. They are so good they don't need syrup, I'll say that again but in all caps, because this needs to be yelled from the top of Mt Charleston.  THE FRENCH TOAST IS SO GOOD IT DOSENT NEED SYRUP!!!!!!!!I can't wait to go back.
3	This is a very popular spot with my coworkers. You can get a seriously large meal for a good price. And the service is friendly and attentive, especially if you're a regular. And the food is surprisingly good for a 24/7 coffee shop. Plus there's the whole 50s/ 60s vibe with the music. Its nothing gourmet or unique, but it ain't bad.
5	O so good! Service was A++ and the food was delicious! I ordered the banana pancake special, it did not disappoint, my husband had the strawberry pancakes which were sweet and hit that sweet tooth! Surprisingly the salsa was really good and had a nice kick. Looking forward to making this a regular stop on many Vegas trips!
3	I came here expecting large portions like many reviewers had stated, and was actually surprised at how small my meal was. I ordered the eggs benedict, which was decent but nothing to write home about.  My side of hashbrowns was so small that I hardly got to taste anything.  What little I did taste was bland and unflavorful (nothing a little salt and ketchup can't fix).  I will say that it was definitely a better experience in terms of service and quality of food in comparison to Hash House, but I can't help but feel a little let down.  I wouldn't avoid coming to this place like I would other breakfast establishments, but I definitely wouldn't make it a point to go out of my way for it, either.
5	Service was quick and friendly. Food was perfect. The fresh fruit crepes are amazing. Have to come back again and again.  Maybe week try something else?
4	Coffee shop.Not spectacular, but hits the spot.  It is open all night.Food quality is okay.   I wouldn't order a steak or anything.The pancakes are excellent.  My favorite is the cinnamon one.   I now have them use the granola pancake and add the cinnamon mixture to it.   Talk about crazy good.Eggs/Omelets/Egg Sanwiches are very good.Potato pancakes are very good.The porkchops were okay, but not my favorite.Sandwiches are good.Salads are pretty good per my husband.No one complains when we come here.Artwork is cute an quirky.  Look for the little hidden funny items on the etched glass.**Regarding LOGO - Blueberry sauce in the picture should really be blue even if it is not accurate.  Everyone I bring does mention the image and says not good since it looks like something else.
5	Food was good. When IM in town I always come with my family. Great service and feels like home. Clean to. MakeMe feel like IM home.
5	The breakfast was yummy. Possibly some of the best pancakes I have ever eaten. Very busy, but worth the wait.
5	This place is awesome!!! So good we ate their two days in a row. They have a mad  genius working in the kitchen putting together amazing combinations for breakfast! Don't lat they name fool you they offer so much more than just pancakes. Some examples Dixie meatloaf and eggs breakfast.( breaded meatloaf with beacon smothered in gravy served with potatoes and eggs) Gut buster breakfast( angus chopped sirloin topped with beacon covered in cheese aside served with potatoes and eggs). The menu is huge and has something for everyone. The staff is great and the service is quick. Loved this place every guy will love this place. We will be back.
5	This review is mostly for their chocolate chocolate chip pancakes. Every time I go to a breakfast place and they have a double chocolate pancake type of thing I have to get it. I'm obsessed with chocolate anything. The one here beats every standard breakfast place that serves it! It's a must have for people with a sweet tooth.My boyfriend ordered some sort of steak that has bacon and cheese on top of it. It also came with hasbrowns, eggs, and toast. It was also really good. We never saw a steak with bacon and melted cheese on top! It's so bad yet so good. Haha! The server accidentally brought the wrong toast, so we ended up getting that extra toast for free. I can't complain aboout free food!The portions are huge, so it's worth the prices. Also, the server was very friendly and funny, so she made my experience even better. I'll be back whenever I want to fufill my chocolate craving. I can't go there and NOT get it!
4	Mmmm good ol' fashion comfort food at its FINEST.....this place definitely deserves 4 stars! Oreo and Cinnamon Swirl Pancakes with a Grilled Cheese and Curly Fries...I'm in heaven!
1	No, just no! So mad! We've been going here for years. I think some of the menu items are absolutely delicious, some could be better. But nonetheless, this experience was a no. Breakfast for my family, two adults-two kids, was $38. I was thinking, how is this possibly so high when I ordered one breakfast for me and shared it with my four year old, and all my six year old son had was a side of curly fries. Well I found it, $12 for kids drinks!! Twelve. Dollars. My husband and I had water, and we ordered two kids milks. When they were gone, I asked if there were refills on the milks. I know most restaurants don't refill on that product, but some do. So when the server said there are no free refills of milk, that was fine. Then I asked if we could  get something cheaper than milk, like iced tea, and she replied it was fine. When I got the bill, the teas were charged. I took the bill to the register and told her we shouldn't have to pay for tea after paying $6 for two 12 ounce milks. I told her the server did not inform us there was an additional charge. She called our server over and the server said "I told them there were no refills on milk." I said, well I took that as there's no refills of milk, and I asked if something cheaper could be the refill, and you said it was okay. I told them you should have said, I can get tea but it will be an additional charge, and I would have said never mind.Either way, they we're rude about it, and dishonest. Because I pointed out that we were charged almost $3 PER cup. That is the adult price on a drink. She said it's the same size. I informed her I've worked in a restaurant. Those are 12 ounce cups and if that's what you charge for a 12 ounce drink that is a huge rip off. Tea is water and leaves, it shouldn't be that much for an adult or kid. A kids milk shouldn't even be $3. Rip. Off. It takes a lot to make me upset at a business or someone doing their job, but I don't appreciate the attitudes or a $38 bill for two breakfasts and a side of curly fries.
5	OMG this has to be the most amazing breakfast place I've been to in a while. They have very unique breakfast items, portions are giant and the service is good- add affordable prices and you've got an awesome place for breakfast. I'm not a resident of Nevada but when I come back I'll make an effort to stop here!
5	Outstanding!!!  Great food and lots of it.  Now, the place isn't the prettiest place on earth, but the food is great, the service excellent, the price is great, and i'll go back anytime.  The B & G are great and huge!
5	The coffee is great. Waitress is really nice. A LOT of choices. Vegetarian friendly. They are willing to sub meat for potatoes. The hash browns are really good.
4	Hubby and I stopped in on a Tuesday evening around 7ish.. seated right away Our server was Helpful with the large menu choices and kept us smiling with her chipper personality.  She brought refills promptly, explained order questions and the food was brought out quickly.  I had the special, Pot Roast and the meat fell apart, tender and yummy, The Carrots & celery were firm and had not been sitting in a water bath all day.. the mashed potatoes were Real with skins still on. Good Comfort food for a Native New Yorker.  Hubby had a Bacon Cheeseburger with hashbrowns .  He loved it and couldn't finish the hash browns, we had a nice to-go box at the end of the meal.  Price wasn't too bad.. noticed the Breakfast items were more money than the dinner items.  I guess because it's known for Brekkie..  I am happy we found Blueberry Hill.. it's clean, and homey.  People are nice and friendly, Food good and Lots of it.  We will return :)
4	My friend and I stopped here for breakfast.  We were seated immediately, and the waitress was very nice and prompt with coffee refills.  They have a huge range of options for breakfast, and almost everything is made there, not boxed or frozen, which is always a plus.  I had the Chicken Apple Compote Waffle, and the waffle and honey butter was amazing.  I'd probably go back to this place for the delicious looking, fluffy pankcakes or some homemade pie.
5	We absolutely love this place! We went there several times during our stay in Las Vegas and it was great every time. The server was really nice and attentive and the food is awesome. Try the Blueberry Pancakes!! We can definitely recommend this diner.
3	Had breakfast here over several days during our visit to vegas, as our hotel only offered fast food or crappy buffet options. My honey would rate this place higher than me, as he loved their pancakes. Bacon was very yummy. Eggs cooked well to order. Love that they perfectly toast your bread ( major pet peeve with me at breakfast joints)Coffee was very good, service spot on...only complaint is their god aweful potatoes! Both the hashbrowns and breakfast taters are undercooked and just plain yuck!  If they had better spuds, I would have loved this place as much as my honey did.
3	I ordered the cornbeef hash eggs Benedict, wanted to try something new rather than just the regular eggs Benedict. The cornbeef hash I think was out of a can which I don't mind but it wasn't cooked and was very mushy. It came with a side of chunky potatoes and they were good at first but a few bites into it the potatoes tasted different, almost a rotten taste. There was also an egg shell in my potatoes which I'm glad I saw before I accidentally ate. Service was VERY good and the waitress was really nice and quick. I wouldn't go back.
5	This review is mostly for their chocolate chocolate chip pancakes. Every time I go to a breakfast place and they have a double chocolate pancake type of thing I have to get it. I'm obsessed with chocolate anything. The one here beats every standard breakfast place that serves it! It's a must have for people with a sweet tooth. I highly recommend eating here if you have the chance.
4	This place is like going over to moms house. Everything is simple and excellent. I had the chicken fried steak for dinner which was great. The mashed potatoes are the real deal mashed reds with the skin mixed in. I was so grateful to find a place to get a good meal... like a breath of fresh air.
4	great breakfast!
5	OMGMy husband and I went to ~~~~BLUEBERRY HILL RESTURANT~~~~It was AMAZING.Holy huge pancakes. The corn beef hash egg white omelette was awesome. My husband had the apple chicken waffle and he loved it. He never leave leftovers however this time he did. I always leave leftovers.We had excellent service
5	We always get their blueberry pancakes and they are great! But we gave the biscuits and gravy a try last time...and holy cow!!! BEST BISCUITS AND GRAVY I've had anywhere.
5	Me my wife and our friend stopped by, the menu was clear and looks very delicious we ordered 3 meals ( meatloaf - chicken steak - beaf steak) after less than 10 min we got our food on our table, that was so fast.Staff was very friendly and easy to talk to, food was great prices are reasonable and affordable.
5	This is my go to breakfast spot with my boyfriend if we're looking for something quick. There is so much to choose from and they always let me alter my order for healthier options of available. Crepes are so good!
1	After many rave reviews from friends, I took my grandmother to check it out. She got a piece of pumpkin pie, we both got coffee and I ordered the Irish eggs Benedict. Coffee is coffee, the pie was satisfactory and appeared to be store bought but my Benedict was horrendous! First, the eggs were almost hard boiled, then it is canned corned beef hash and hollandaise sauce but the kicker was the chicken or turkey bones inside my potatoes. No where did I order poultry. Do yourself a favor and go to iHop or Denny's if you want the average breakfast meals. If you want something really good, go to the Omelet House! Their food is actually made in house and to order. I will never go back and you shouldn't either, unless you want to send your food back and go hungry.
5	Ok this place still amazes me with there food and service. I had friends in town again and we went for breakfast the other day and as expected perfect. I highly recommend getting the biscuits and gravy AMAZING...
5	Strongly suggested for breakfast! We WILL be back, often!It was an absolute delight to try Blueberry Hill for the first time today! We stopped by about 10:30am after being told their was an hour wait to be seated at Mr Momma's. We were immediately seated. The restaurant was clean and well decorated. The staff was fast, friendly, helpful. And above all the breakfast was amazing!I had the classic eggs Benedict, while my husband had the meat lovers scramble. Their was an abundance of food! The ham was thick cut, unlike any Benedict I have had before. As did my husbands meat lovers scramble, large cubes of ham. Would have prefered it a little thinner but wasn't a deal breaker by far :)
4	This place always offers good food... But the only thing missing is the lack of good customer service when we walked in... A guy offered coffee and we said yes and next thing you know he's mopping the floor in the other side. It wasnt until another waitress named Andrea came and served us. She was nice. The food was great! Their toast amazing.... Oh and not to mention my husband and i love the music they always play here..:)
5	Found this place on accident , drove by saw all the cars decided to give it a try the menu is huge many items to pick from. I ordered Tennessee steak with 2 eggs , hash browns and sourdough toast. Steak was awesome , sourdough bread with the eggs perfect. A great place if your tired of eating on the strip
5	I love this restaurant.  It's old school and the breakfast today was awesome.  Besides today I've actually come to this location many times over the years because their breakfast is always great.  There always seems to be people in here eating all the time when  I come here.  It has a relaxed atmosphere and they play old school sock hop  music.  Has that diner feel to it as well.  Server was on top of things for the most part and she was nice and friendly.  Besides the music the background noise is kinda loud with the dishes clanking and silverware crashing together.  All the way around its a nice budget breakfast!  Check it out
2	I don't get it what's the big deal with this place. The food is edible... That's all I can say for this place. Not much different than Denny's, maybe a little better. Not a go to place, just an after thought kind of a place for food.
5	Fast service! Great food! And LARGE portions! I carved through my delicious corned beef hash omelette and finished about two thirds of my three pancakes that came with the omelette as a side. This is a great place to eat if you are visiting from out of town and need a quick, but big breakfast before you get on with your Las Vegas adventures. PS: Come here HUNGRY!
5	This was our second visit.   SOOO good. Got lucky and no wait. The food is fresh and delicious. You will not leave hungry. Big yummy portions. This time we had pigs in a blanket and an omelet.  Boy was it good. The pancakes are big and fluffy.  The staff is great.   It's very popular so you might have to wait.
4	One of my closest friends and I came here on his recommendation last year.  I looked this place up on here for the address and it's only 3 blocks away I thought about it again today and we are going to visit on our way out of Las Vegas tomorrow.  The breakfast here was great and I''l post a pic tomorrow. Good prices,clean, great breakfast choises
2	I hate to do this because this place was my favorite. My friend and I who hasn't gone there in a few months decided to go since we wanted some good French toast. We get there, seat ourselves (per usual) this guy comes to our table, can't speak a word of English and is trying to take our drink order. He repeats it wrong like twice and we just looked at each other. He says to "hold on" then a girl comes, she can speak English but not very well. She was really nice and tried her best. I got water and my friend got an iced coffee. She brings the drinks and my friends coffee has a giant spoon in it. It's coffee, not a milk shake. I order my food. I get the French toast special and order my eggs "basted". She comes out with my food and my eggs are so runny and undercooked it was disgusting. I showed the server and she says "okay let me have them make you new ones" she comes out later, puts the new plate of eggs on the table and I kid you not, the eggs were so over cooked it looked like a hard boiled egg. Like was that supposed to be a "screw you" from the chef?! I was so tired of complaining I just didn't even say anything and took them like that. I won't go back anytime soon.
2	*:30 am Jan 5th I stopped in for bacon and eggs , coffee and a glass of milk , sat at the counter. For the entire fifteen minutes I was there I had to endure the constant bitching and complaining  of the 2  waitress on duty. Nice way to start out ones day. Also never did get the milk. Will not be back
