3	Very nice little joint. Nice atmosphere, great tapas but needs a bit more greenery in the menu to add a bit of variety to proceedings. Definitely worth a visit though if you need a Spanish fix.
4	If you look below, you'll find a fairly accurate description of how your mouth will feel after a visit to Cafe Andaluz. I'm going to be a bit more generous though and say it's paprika and (greasy) olive oil you taste for weeks afterwards. That's not really a problem for me though, as I love paprika, olive oil, and grease if I'm being honest. Cafe Andaluz is a small but popular chain, and while it has the usual chain drawbacks of a slightly processed edge to proceedings and a very sanitised ambience, I quite like it. The scallops and paella are particularly tasty, as is a potato dish of which I can't quite remember the name.Ladies, watch out for the randy old Spanish waiters, they could really do with a cold shower.
5	If you love tapas than Cafe Andaluz offers the best tapas around and it's always a struggle for me to pick what I want off the menu as everything always looks so good. My favourites are;Patatas Gratinadas - which is to die for, layered potatoes with a creamy sauce over it, has to be my favourite.Paella Valenciana - a mixed paella with fish and meats, amazing.Pollo Marinado - Chicken with a lemon and coriander dressing with yoghurtand last but not least; squid rings. Yum! I had a rather embarrassing experience here once, we went with a big group and a friend brought along his new girlfriend who was a complete pain in the backside, always trying to outdo everyone else. She decided she would be "smart" and spoke to the waiter in Spanish and ordered everything in Spanish too, to which he just replied; "right, so you want the prawns, the potatoes and the asparagus?". Hilarious!It's worthwhile joining their mailing list as they often send special offers, I recently got an e-mail with a 20% off voucher for my next meal here!
3	The first time I had a meal at Cafe Andaluz, after it had just recently opened, I have to admit to being quite disappointed. I lived in Spain for a good wee while, so I do know a bit about how tapas are meant to taste, but it's not even that, even if you haven't set foot in Spain in your life before, it's pretty obvious what constitutes something tasty. The tapas were definitely a bit below par on this occasion, but I put that down to early teething problems, because when I decided to revisit Cafe Andaluz again recently to take advantage of a good lunch deal they had going, everything was so much better, and could definitely be described as tasty.This is certainly a good option if you're looking to book somewhere for a group in the centre of town, and it's also great banter ordering lots of different dishes and trying out and sharing a variety of different tapas.
3	Had a really nice meal with huge selection. Food was top notch and price was very reasonable. Would recommend.
3	I went here for dinner on a Sunday and even though they were running a special, two of us split two tapas and paella.  The special runs every Sunday, apparently.  Three tapas and dessert for about 15 quid.  Looking back, I think I'd rather have chosen that option.  The patatas gratinadas and albondigas we ordered were very tasty but the paella was just a bit too oily for me.  Other than that, it was a fairly standard dining experience.  Nothing amazing to report.  The lighting is dark and the music is soft, so feel free to take along a hot date.  Just don't count on them being wowed out of their knickers.
5	My Boyfriend and I came across this place by accident and loved it.As we were visiting Edinburgh for just one night we weren't sure of where to go but came across this place as we wandered around. Its fantastic.The place has an excellent vibe and atmosphere. I loved the decor. As always with tapas i struggled to decided what to have so decided to go with the set menu. The food was fantastic and there was plenty. The waiters were very friendly and helpful and all in all I give this place top marks. Defo worth a visit!
4	Went here mostly against my will as office mates overpowered my suggestions for a night out in 4 or 5 Yelper star recommended restaurants. I was, however, immediately impressed with the decor and atmosphere as we were guided up the spiral staircase adorned with Spanish tiles, rod iron railing, and basked in light from copper lanterns. We were plied with olives and bread and dipping sauce while we mulled over the treats for the night. Being from America, my colleagues asked me if I had tried black pudding yet. A sudden and total recall of those nasty cakes sitting atop a ceramic heating dish on my daily breakfast buffet sprang to my mind as I replied, "not just yet". They pointed out the menu had chorizo and black pudding.I reluctantly agreed.  So delicious! I totally neglected all Other tapas until this was a delicious memory. I also enjoyed lamb chops, though a little bit fatty and gamey. Wine was superb--Siglo Rioja. Perfect compliment. Overall, I enjoyed the whole experience of cafe andaluz and would definitely return given the chance.
1	No...no....no!!!The atmosphere is a very forced slightly more upmarket Spannish in a bottle you see in la Tasca and the food is much the same equation.Looking at the service they are actually very good, prompt and non-intrusive they did a fine job all evening.The food for me though was a real let down, I tried the following:Classic Calamari: now I am a man that loves his squid but as soon as I saw the very pale looking batter you could see it was soggy and I was unhappy, the squid itsself was cooked fine but clearly their oil temperatures are too low creating the soggy mess I had on my plater. Judgement: 1 starChorizo & Black Pudding: cheap chorizo maketh the good meal not. An almost illumonous colour this stuff had no real defined flavours and was very chewy - the black pudding was of a decent quality but was over cooked and suffered from the over powering chorizo infused tomoato sauce. Judgement 1 star.Paela Valenciana: 1 prawn - overcooked, 3 pieces of chiecken - overcooked, 2 pieces of pork - overcooked. Now the flavours of this were good but as they clearly microwave the portions for serving the meat goes as tough as old boots. Judgement 1 star.Chicken gougons with honey and mustard: nice bit pieces of chicken ina   light crispy batter was very nice. Def the high point of the evening. Judgement: 4 stars.Scallops with crispy serrono : lovely crispy serrono - but with scallops do them fresh or not at all. These were frozen efforts that had been undercooked to make then seem soft. Horrid!! Judgement 1 star!!The other saving grace of the evening was the drinks, 1 pitcher of sangria helped to wash my mouth out and the braqndy coffee was as good as ive had.All in all not a good experience, I have heard this is a poor recreation of their Glasgow restaurant. My tip to them would be either improve or LEAVE!!!Jd = not happy man!
4	Only had a coffee and chunk of carrot cake but for the price and the surrounds I feel obliged to reward this place with a reasonable review. Carrot cake was moist, big enough for two and came with a small pot of cream.  It didn't need it but as it was there, on it went.  Coffee was decent and service came with a genuine smile. Perhaps this all sounds run of the mill stuff, but sitting beside the coffee was a melt in the mouth slab of 'fablet' a mixture of tablet and fudge. Little touch meant a lot. I'm not sure it would float my boat for an evening meal, maybe a bit manufactured, but for elevenses came up tops.
3	My second meal here (a work Christmas night out) was better than the first (a Hogmanay special  they threw us out at 10.30pm), but only just.The food was variable; dreadful beef, ok duck, nasty salsa with the sea bream and some divine Spanish equivalent of a Gratin Dauphinoise. Puddings were equally up and down; up for the chocolate delice, very down, down, down for the butterscotch fat and sugarfest, sorry, cheesecake.Two of the above three stars are for the staff: Rushed off their feet in a packed, noisy restaurant they kept their good humour and gave us good service.If it weren't for the food this would have been a 5 star night out. Not what you really want from a restaurant.
4	I can't tell you if this place is remotely authentic - I've only been to Spain on a couple of business trips and I was vegan at the time ... didn't get to sample much of the tapas menu, as you can imagine. Nice olives? I think I just drank a lot of beer.Anyway, I'm now making up for lost time, so when I got invited for lunch I jumped at the chance. And had a delicious feast - at three plates for a tenner it's a good deal. Chorizo, black pudding, mussels, prawns, potatoes in creamy garlicky sauce, and some sweet potato and tahini bake for 'vegetables'. Yeah, I know, I'll have salad later - it was all too good to resist.The staff are lovely, the venue is gorgeous - lots of coloured tiles and twirly iron,  and it was just a really good meal.
5	Definitely a must have, great variety and good service even during the thick of the festival. Lovely chorizo dishes and the caramel cheesecake is Mindblowingly awesome !
4	Spent two weeks abroad in Scotland this summer and this place, as an American who loves Spanish tapas, a godsend. Authentic food and lovely atmosphere, great service to boot. One of the better restaurants I tried in Edinburgh and genuinely just a great stop!
5	We decided to eat here after reading good reviews of the place. Tapas is such a great option and always first choice wherever we go. This place didn't just meet expectations but surpassed on all levels! Mojito cocktails great, service was fantastic. A dropped spoon on the floor was replaced by the time I picked it up! Food came super fast and was very fresh, Prawns were so nice we got an extra portion! And I recommend the black pudding.
2	I really wanted to like this place but I was a bit underwhelmed which is a real shame as I love Spanish food. It does seem to be something that is surprisingly easy to not do very well. Our tapas selection was mainly meat, fish and cheese but didnt have as much flavour nor quality of ingredients as the price justified in my opinion. The Chipirones were very over cooked and cold when they arrived, the pork was really dry and the spicy bravas sauce was not spicy nor was the garlic mayo particularly garlicky. The jamon was also some cheap parma style stuff and the lomo disappointing but no flavour but the chorizo slice was nice. Good decor though and nice staff so on the whole not a repeat visit in the pipeline for this one.
5	I've been here a few times with friends and a family. What I like about this place is that you can order more food than you would eat at a normal restaurant and it be acceptable. Sure ... order 3-4 tapas ... they're small portions right? So, if your ever feeling like you deserve a good filling meal, then head here! You get the full sensation without the guilt trip! Aside from the ridiculously important points above. The food is pretty amazing, the service excellent and all for a good price. I will return!
3	Cafe Andaluz is a perfectly respectable place to stop for a bite when you're on George St and want to fill your belly and have a long chat over some sangria.It's not exactly going to win any culinary awards, and the scale of the place can make you feel a bit like you're being churned through a system, but the food is perfectly acceptable and the staff don't seem to mind when you stretch a few tapas over a loooooooong lunch.
4	Have been several time with different types of people - business colleagues, friends, family etc - and every time have really enjoyed myself. It's a big restaurant, always seems busy but always able to cope with the hustle and bustle. Last night came with family. We had about two dishes per person which was just about right for a meal but we weren't stuffed (which is good!)My particular favourites were pigs cheeks and gambas pil pil - highly recommend. Defo worth going to - would probably book to make sure you get a table and I think would work with a group as you can order lots and lots of dishes to share. :)
5	Up until a few months ago, my knowledge of tapas was all theoretical. As part of one of the classes I was supporting in this year we were learning all about Spanish culture and food, was a big part of the culture.As a treat to the class, we went on a field trip to Cafe Andaluz and we all tried two dishes each from the tapas menu.Upon walking in you enter into a little corridor, almost like walking into your parents house, and we were very quickly greeted by a member of star and shown to our reserved table, there were jugs of juices and water on the table within moments of us being seated and then we were given time to assess the menu. And what a menu, obviously it is all traditional Spanish cuisine, and most of the young people went for the safe options such as the albondigas and the tortilla, I was desperate to try good calamares and was not disappointed by them, but the star of the show was my plate of Scallops.I've never eaten scallops before and so was not sure what was about to happen, but from the first bite, I knew I was on to a good thing, up until this point we had all shared a little of each thing, but the more expensive things were only eaten by the person who had put up the money for them, to keep it fair, and I have never been happier, because I couldn't have shared my scallops, even if I'd wanted to. Frankly three was not enough.The only downside to the day was the fact that although we were in a Spanish restaurant, we could not order in Spanish, even though the young people tried really hard to do so. The waiter serving us was French, the other waiter was Italian I believe, and then another waitress was another nationality. It made for a fun conversation with each of them, when our young people tried there hardest to talk to them in Spanish, to be told I don't speak Spanish but I can speak English if that helps? Such a good day, and my only qualm is that I haven't been back yet, although this time, I might just have to have a glass of wine with my meal.
5	Came here for our work Christmas night out.Was an extremely busy Saturday night but the service was excellent. Our food came out quickly and was absolutely delicious. The scallops and prawns were my favourites! Treated ourselves to dessert and it was definitely worth it. Very rich chocolate and creamy cheesecake to choose from and both were tasty.We forgot to pick up our receipt for our expenses but when we phoned them the next day they could not have been nicer or more helpful. The lady was friendly and got us a copy of the invoice no bother. All in all a great experience and would return for sure.
