4	Are looking for some terrific towels? They've got some awesome Egyptian cotton HUGE bath towels at such reasonable prices! Want 1000, 600, 500,  count Egyptian cotton sheets? They've got 'em. Lots of tschatkes, spa robes, kitchenware, crystal, soaps, candles, doggie beds, etc. I bought a gorgeous leaded crystal dish to make a candle garden. It was only $16.95! Beautiful triangular shape. Their candles are wonderful and reasonably priced. They've got small appliances and toys also. Check it out!If you haven't been to one of the Tuesday Morning stores, GET THERE! Browse a little and see what's there. Merchandise changes and they close the stores to prepare for the next BIG shipment of stuff. Check out their website and look for closing dates. There are special clearance sales when you get an additional discount off the already clearance priced items which are already discounted from regular retail prices.
5	Going to Tuesday Morning is like going on a treasure hunt.  When ever I need towels this is the 1st place I look. They have so many different towels to choose from, I like the nice fluffy ones.  As for bedding again Tuesday Morning has a wide selection of high end bedding.  I mean 800 count Egyptian cotton that feels like silk!I enjoy going through their home decorating section to find treasures to hang on my wall. And in the garden section I have found some nice statues to but in my garden.I just love Tuesday Morning and I try to visit at least once a month because you never know what treasure you will find.
2	I was extremely underwhelmed with Tuesday Morning. The commercial with Lauren Bacall is classy, this place is not. It remined me of a thrift store. There is nothing wrong with thrift stores, in fact I've been to many, but the prices are thrifty....not at Tuesday Morning.
4	They always have something interesting there.  I have found several great pots and pans and other cooking things.  They also have a good selection of cookbooks.  They also often have cheaper prices than Amazon!  Every time I go they have new things.  One thing, I bought earbuds that did not live very long before they came apart.
2	This place didn't have much to offer at all and the items it did have looked cheaply made.  The staffing was nice, the very few people I had seen there.  But I supposed you wouldn't need that many workers when the store is so dead.The place reminds me of a Big Lots or Ross but more hollowed out and empty with even less to offer.I'd give it one star but the staff seemed nice so I don't want to make it sound like it's their fault this place sucks.  Then again all of my coworkers rave about the place so perhaps I just went to a crappy location.Either way I will not be returning.
