5	A 5 star gem!I echo Jenny D's comment on the hash brown. Super crispy exterior and moist fluffy inside - it's a piece of art.  My friend and I enjoyed the generous portion of scramble egg ($7.50), and 2 layers blueberry pancake ($5.00). Everything tasted like "mom's food." Made fresh to order, and very satisfying. No frou-frou typical Middleton gimmick. The basic decore, and the down to earth service - the perfect spot to watch regulars enjoy the hearty breakfast.
4	Delicious!  Great service, good prices and tasty food.  Echo what previous posts say about the hashbrowns!  Breakfast burrito is really good and gigantic
4	Three Sisters is one of the best breakfast joints in the Madison area. For me the two best things are the hash browns and the omelettes. Like all the other raters, I think their hash browns are perfect. Their omelettes are not the fluffy kind. They are flat-cooked, sheet-style, folded around all the good stuff you specify. This is the kind of omelette I prefer, and for this style theirs is one of the best I've had. Beyond that, the service is super unpretentious and friendly. Their cinnamon rolls are big, soft, and without the density I favor. Their pancakes are more spongy than I like. But you should still try them, it's just a matter of style, and everything here is done with sincerity and consistency. You will find something you like enough to keep going back, especially since their prices are so reasonable.
3	In our opinion Three Sisters will appeal to certain people and not to others.   Some will like it's laid back, small town, dinette atmosphere.  Nothing fancy, good food, large portions.   Others will also enjoy the good food but will be displeased with the lack of space, mismatched dinning wear,  less than average coffee, barely toasted toast and the "greasy spoon" environment of the building.   Some will see 4 or five stars, go there and say "dead on.  Loved the place."   Others will wonder how someone gave them more than three.We went back and didn't enjoy our food as much as we did the last time and the coffee was not very good.  Also we thought the prices were higher.   Anyway, love it or leave it, it is a three star restaurant in our book.
3	2.5 breakfast spot, i gave three because of the service.  The breakfast is kinda greasy/oily, which i usually like, but this was a bit much though...I would rate this place higher if they lowered the prices and moved people thru like a diner should.
4	It is all about the pot roast.  Don't be distracted by the canned beans.  The roast is what all other roasts want to be.   And if you are a glutton, try the banana cream pie.  Makes me weep for my mom's good cooking.  Simple, good food.   Not just a breakfast joint.   Thursday is pot roast day.
4	Nice place for a Sunday morning cozy breakfast. No frills, just good food simply made. Pancakes are huge and delicious. They have build your own omelets and egg beaters are available by request. Oatmeal was very good. My whole breakfast was $11. One funny thing is that it seemed like they only have six menus for the whole restaurant. We had four in our party and had to wait for a table of six to order before we could get a menu. Overall I liked the simple atmosphere cheap prices and good food.
5	Great coffee and some of the best eggs I've ever had. It's sort of a hole in the wall, but that adds to the ambiance. Super nice wait staff, too.
4	Had breakfast at Three Sisters a few days ago while at Middleton for a meeting.  Very "down home" place.  Mexican flavorful dishes along with midwest-country favorites.  I had some eggs and the Mexican hash browns.  Great way to start the morning.  Friendly staff knew the customers and welcomed new-comers.  Patrons here ranged from seniors in high school to senior citizens.  Very congenial.
4	I had one of the best breakfasts I have ever had here! This must be a Wisconsin thing, but their scramble (eggs with various other ingredients-like an omelet by scrambled eggs) was delish. I noticed the scramble at other places too. I had the Denver scramble, which had the perfect amount of cheese on top. The hashbrowns were pretty good too. I also had one pancake. Very good. The staff were all very chatty and engaging everyone in conversation. Service was fast. After reading a few reviews on Yelp, I guess I was expecting a little larger restaurant, but this is in a small place, basically a diner. FYI, they are closed on Monday, I heard them tell someone.
4	100% traditional all-american diner breakfast experience.   I like trying new breakfast spots with my kids but this place remains a favorite.  Friendly, chatty waitresses who dote on the kids like they were their own grandkids.  Inexpensive.  Oatmeal for when you want to eat somewhat healthy (this place ain't for health food...)  Omelet was good, probably because it tasted like it was cooked in butter...  Good pancakes.  Take your check to the counter / bar when you want to pay.  Cash only.
4	Cobb salad was large and had great cheeses, meats and veges.  I tried the onion rings which had a slightly sweet batter.  It really perked up the onion flavor.   Worth the money., breakfast or lunch.  Oh, I was warned to only order a stack of pancakes and...if I'd like, half orders are also acceptable.  Next visit is breakfast to use the advice.
1	I was so disappointed after reading all of the reviews.  Firstly, breakfast stops at 11:00 on weekdays and noon on the weekends, NOTE THAT because when we showed up today after my husbands late night shift the night before they would not serve us breakfast.CASH OR CHECK ONLYWorth noting, both menus are pretty slim, but breakfast is larger than lunch.  They were out of the fried chicken "dinner" (you mean lunch, since they were only open till 2, right?). We ended up ordering the patty melt, ok, fish sandwich, subpar, and onion rings, good but not $3 good. Sandwiches come with chips, not fries.  But was definitely not the pancakes that everyone else was raving about that I was craving.  The coffee was sting but a bit bitter. The total was just under $20 without tip. The decor is old, doesn't bother me too much, but looking at the filthy carpets, it was disgusting and I was a bit afraid since I was wearing flat sandals.  Before I forget to mention it, the place smells like smoke when you first walk in, I was completely expecting to see ashtrays at the booths.The service was excellent... If you are a regular. If not, plan on spending about three times too much there. We waited for about 5 minutes for our waitress ( one of the owners) to shout sit where you want.  We grabbed a table. My husband had to take a work call, but had given me his order. After waiting 10 minutes, I had to flag our waitress down to place our orders, and she looked at me shocked that I would want something to eat. Trying to get the check out of her was terrible. By 12:15 the lunch regulars had started coming in, so she was chatting about a recent wedding, showings hem the wedding pictures, talking about what the place looked like, etc. by 12:30 I had out cash on the end of the table hoping to move things along.  She walked past us three times without making eye contact, finally, I put my arm out and asked for the check, which had not been prepared, wait for another 5 minutes while she served more regulars and FINALLY she got back to using we were out of there by 12:50. In short, we will never return.  It is expensive for what you get, food is unremarkable, serve is terrible, and it seemed like it could use a food service inspection because it was pretty dirty.
3	I visited this time for breakfast on the weekend.  Holy cats is it ever so busy.  I tried the 2,2,2,2 meal.. 2 eggs, 2 bacon, 2 sausage, 2 pancakes- I chose blueberry.  The pancakes had great flavor and the berries where awesome - very fresh.  We also tried the corned beef hash.  It's just hashbrowns with corned beef chunks and large onion slices.  It's ok, just not as good as Pancake Cafe's. I will be back to try their biscuits and gravy (it sold out..sounds like a winner) and their mexican hashbrowns.
4	It is as good as all the reviews say!   It is a nice little diner with great service.   I was greated immediately upon entering.   I sat down and was asked right away what I wanted to drink.   The coffee was hot and fresh.   I had the 2,2,2,2 and it was very good.   Served hot off the grill.   I will be back and would recommend to anyone to try.
5	This is a great place to go for a good, cheap breakfast that will fill you up.  You seat yourself, but the staff is still at your table taking your drink orders quickly.  The staff is always super friendly and all of the breakfast items I've tried have been great.  Even better, they keep your coffee filled even when it's busy! :-)  Only thing to know ahead of time is they only accept cash and there is no atm in the restaurant.
5	I love this place! It's family owned and operated (still!) and is old-timey like most places aren't anymore! For a yummy feel-good blast from the past meet me at Three Sisters! :-)
4	Gr8 place! Service decent. Food portions are plentiful! My daughter had a couple of pancakes that  were the size of a hubcap!She said they were very tasty!  I had the country scramble. Loved it. Prices were good. Nice local joint. Recommend!!
5	I love this place! The chicken and dumplings I had today were delicious and the service was amazing and super friendly as usual! For a comfortable dining experience, visit 3 sisters! :-)
2	The scene reminds me of...a garage.  A garage with fairly rude servers and overstuffed patrons with nothing to say.  We waited ... And waited.  The menu had the basics- no problem there.  We waited. Oh, everything is made to order that is why it takes so long... Seriously that is what we were told.  Other reviewers say "it is like their mothers used to make".  Sorry to hear your mom was a lousy cook.  And she must've been a grouch.  Yes the food is pretty bad.  Why people go here I can't understand.  I gave it three visits before passing judgement.  The verdict - AVOID.
2	First we waited 20 minutes which was ok with us but then we waited 45 minutes for our two items to show up that too incomplete. As one of the reviewers mentioned the breakfast was very oily. Taste was just ok. Won't be going back.
5	I've only been to Three Sister's for breakfast but it was delicious! I got biscuits and gravy both times because it was sooooooo good the first time!I can't speak for lunch or dinner but I'd definitely recommend Three Sister's for breakfast.
4	Was very good. Love finding these little local off the main drag local places to eat. Food was great, service very good. Would go back again.
2	How this place has 4 stars I do not understand. I can totally get into a "mom and pop" style breakfast place, but Three Sisters is just plain dirty. The carpet is filthy, booths are tearing, and the place is just lacking in basic upkeep. Now to the food: it's not the worst I've ever had, but a far cry from the best. I had the 2, 2, 2, 2 (eggs with 2 slices of bacon, 2 sausage links and 2 pancakes). The eggs were cooked well and the sausage links were actually very good. But the bacon was under cooked and pretty soggy. The pancakes were pretty tasty, though. My boyfriend ordered eggs with bacon and toast and complained about the same things. His eggs were under cooked and the bacon was again, soggy. The toast was fine but how can you really mess up toast?Service was super slow. I think it took 40 minutes for us to get our food which is outrageous. The food was also kind of pricey for what you get. Our meal was $18 and probably should have cost around $12. Not to mention the surprise that they don't take credit cards. There aren't any signs posted anywhere that they only accept cash, they don't even post it on the menu. Plus the closest place to grab some cash is to walk down to the PDQ and use their ATM, absolutely ridiculous! I definitely won't be returning anytime soon.
4	Me and my son have been coming here for years. As regulars the staff is always friendly and welcoming.  My 9th old son loves the cinnamon rolls and the Benedict is done very well. The missing star is for the quality of the coffee. A small investment could change this.  Overall there is a lack of great "greasy spoon" places such as this.  Not many left in this corporate world.
