3	3.5 stars I was her for a total of 3 weeks 6 years ago and I'm back again for more corporate training but it doesn't seem much has changed. I think the furniture and fixtures in these rooms are several decades old. I do appreciate that they got rid of the old style comforters and do the duvet cover idea instead. Carpet looks newer as well.Very nice staff and this place is clean.Free internet scores bonus points! YEAH! Also free breakfast and a happy hour that some may consider good enough to be dinner.
4	I thought this place was pretty ace.  That being said, I scored it on priceline for $60 a night for four nights.  That makes things lots different than when you are paying full price.  Really, I can't figure out why people pay full price ever anymore.  Ridiculous really.Regardless, my suite was huge, I loved having a full kitchen, the LG flat screen tv was wider than my arm span, the bed was comfy and the air conditioner/thermostat are newer so it isn't one of those ancient hotel room air pushers.  It's real and I could set it to an actual temperature and that made me happy.  My opinion of Scottsdale, and of Phoenix in general, is that it's one gigantic suburbia with great parks and more shopping than anyone in America should ever need.  I guess if you are into that this place is located in a pretty good area.  I'm not.  I'm more into parks.  It was still in a pretty good area.
4	Typical Residence Inn.  No issues during my stay.  Room was quiet, well furnished, clean and bed was comfortable.Location is well situated for getting into Scottsdale.
3	Had never been to a Residence Inn before but will now try to stay at them whenever possible. I really liked the layout of the room, the fact that there was a kitchen and that I could be more self sufficient than in a normal hotel.This location was central to everything I needed. Staff was friendly, free breakfast buffet was good....they even have a "hospitality" hour in the evening that could pass for dinner. Room was spacious - good TV, lots of towels, plenty of closet space. I was able to open one window for some fresh air, which I always appreciate in a hotel.Cons: bed was hard so I didn't sleep well and for some reason, the running of the bath/shower in the unit above me was super loud. It's not the hotel's fault that the person above me wanted to take baths at 4:30 am, but I wish the running of the water didn't jolt me awake.
3	A good deal. Evening and breakfast food service is typically Residence Inn. Solid, stand-bys. Pool area was well maintained and the staff was very nice. The room was really in prety good shape. Beware- There is no elevator, so second floor rooms are a real challenge if you have much luggage at all.
5	Being a Marriott fan, thought I'd try this venue. I was and still am impressed daily by service and accommodations.  I arrived after a 24 hour train trip and needed to sleep and clean-up.  With check-in at 3pm I figured I would be on my own until then.  I arrived at the hotel at 9am and had a clean room by 9:30 and was showered and in bed within record time.  The rooms are clean and quiet.  They put me on the pool side so as not to be disturbed by traffic on the street and that was a plus. I continue to get A+ service from personnel.  I just came in and wanted some milk.  They went to the food kept for the buffet and poured me a glass of milk with no charge.  They continue to go out of their way to make sure I am happy and content.  What a gold mine I have found.  This will now be my go-to hotel in the Scottsdale area from here on in. Added perk, there is a buffet breakfast daily and M-TH 5:30-7 free beer/wine and food that would satisfy any light eater.  I AM SOLD MARRIOTT ON YOUR HOTEL!!
5	We try to stay at a different Marriott property each time we visit the Phoenix area, and this one is up there with the best. We have enjoyed our stays at the Marriott Suites Old Town, the JW Marriott Scottsdale Camelback Inn Resort, the  Phoenix Marriott at the Buttes, and now the Residence Inn, and although each were in different price ranges and services, the Residence Inn Scottsdale is by far the best value for your dollar. Unlike some Marriott properties, there was no charge for parking, and no added resort fees. From the extremely friendly front desk staff, the wonderful women who prepare the morning complimentary breakfast, and the housekeeping staff who make sure the room is spotlessly clean, it was a perfect stay. We really enjoyed walking a block away to Trader Joe's to purchase some dinner items to prepare and enjoy in the well stocked kitchen, followed by a relaxing evening enjoying the TV programming from some of the most comfortable beds available. Unfortunately we were there for a Friday and Sunday night stay, so we missed the evening social hours which I'm sure must also be top notch. I can highly recommend this Marriott property for your stay in the Phoenix area, as it can not be beat for comfort, service, and cleanliness. Thank you Residence Inn Scottsdale for a wonderful stay!!!
5	Great great hotel.Very rare a hotel have all its employees beyond awesome.And the rooms are ok. Clean, spacious, nice kitchen.All that I was looking for
