5	So much better than the corporate Verizon stores. The reps actually want to help you and seem genuinely interested in getting you what you need.  They also offer better insurance plans and deals and are quick to respond if you need a replacement phone or accessories.  They will even mediate between you and corporate Verizon if necessary.  Haven't had a bad experience here, and for as long as I live nearby, I will continue to frequent this store for my mobile phone needs.
1	Can you give negative stars? I went in with my mom tonight because today was our end contract date and all I wanted to do was shut my phone off and pay the last bill in person to be sure it was taken care of. The rep asked me what I planned on doing and I said I was leaving Verizon and getting virgin mobile instead. He asked why. Well for starters they WANT to help their customers, they don't want to suck every penny out of them...and I'm sure they're much nicer. I've let Verizon rip me off for way too long. I didn't get the reps name, but he refused to turn off my phone just told me to go to virgin tomorrow and my contract will end then. But I specifically asked him to turn it off but he wouldn't. Wouldn't let me make the last payment. Complete waste of my time. I can't wait to finally be done with Verizon. Their shirts are  red because they are blood suckers. Don't go to Verizon, especially this location.
1	Although 2013 has not officially ended yet, I think it is safe to assume I can issue out my award for the crappiest transaction I have made of the year. Go Wireless, you not only made the cut, you exceeded every expectation of what a retail store should NOT do.This place looks like a Verizon store. I didn't even know it wasn't a Verizon store until halfway through my transaction. No big deal. Was even told that there was a 30 dollar charge Verizon has for dealing with this store. O.K., whatever.I pay for the phone, renew the contract for 2 years and pay the 30 dollar fee. I am told that with the plan I am changing to I will save over 10 bucks a month.  Outstanding, unfortunately not true.Fast forward. After I get home a day or so later I try to call people I know. Numbers are no longer on my new phone. I also have contacts on there from 3 phones ago.  One guy on my contact list had been dead for over 5 years. I look over the bill. I paid 20 bucks to have my contacts moved over. Obviously a fail.I bring the phone back to the store, tell them the situation. Guy I bought the phone from hooks my old phone back up to the new one again. Says I am good to go.  Every contact is listed again for the last 3 phones I had. Says there is nothing he can do about that, and just to delete the old numbers. Again, I paid 20 bucks for this honor.I get my Verizon bill shortly after. I am charged 30 bucks. I call Verizon, they say no, you pay us 30 bucks for going through them, and they charges you 30 dollars for their own fee.  Now at 60 bucks. Smoke and mirrors. Sure I get it. I figure the hell with it, they got me, keep the money, you won.Normally I would have let it go, never done business with them again. So, that 10 dollars a month I was supposed to save (by the way did not happen, bill was still the same) however I notice my debit card is being charged 7 bucks a month. So, in addition to paying the same amount on the monthly bill, I am now paying extra for the insurance. 10 bucks a month not saving, plus 7 bucks extra for insurance, $408.00 extra over two years.  If that doesn't sound like a lot, send me a check for $408.00.Funny thing is, I never gave them my debit card to give the insurance company, nor do I ever authorize automatic deductions from my account. When I asked go wireless about this, no one could ever produce a document where I authorized a third party to start billing me.  So, it gets worse. I call go wireless on the number on my invoice.  no one calls me back. I go down to the store, told I can only talk to the manager I bought the phone from.  Apparently the employees in the store cannot do anything about it.  Went in twice when the manager was supposed to be in. He wasn't.  Finally, after several messages, I actually get him on the phone.  He says the store just opened up (even though it was an hour past when the website says they open) and he doesn't have a computer on. I tell him I can wait. He says he will call me back in a half hour. He doesn't. I call back later that day, leaving a few messages telling the manager specifically to call me back. Phone never rang back.I call back 3 separate days and leave messages. Guess what, phone never rang back.I go back into the store, of course the only soul who can apparently help me is a fucking ghost.  I tell the kid working the counter my dilemma, DO NOT CHARGE MY DEBIT CARD EVERY MONTH, why the hell is this happening?  Can you provide me a document where I authorized a third party who I have no idea who they are to have access to my bank info and charge me every month? He hands me a brochure with their phone insurance companies info and apologizes that I did not receive that when I bought my phone and was not informed that I would be charged every month separate from my Verizon bill. I wonder if I am supposed to wipe my ass with it because I don't care at this point, I am pissed off I was never told.  I leave a message with the kid working the counter to have the manager, the only person who can do anything about this, to call me A.S.A.F.P. the next day.  he said he would be there in the morning and would make sure he called me tomorrow. No call was made to me.Finally, a week later I get this fucking guy on the phone. He instantly knows who I am because he has black belt skills in dodging any sort of effort to even talk to me.  Tells me he worked it out and and my debit card will not be charged anymore for the insurance on the phone. I ask him twice after that "Are you sure?" He said yes. Nope, statement next month billed me for the insurance. Thanks dick hole.See, here is the deal guy. If you are an asshole, rip me off, sell me something that sucks, I can generally deal with that. However, you lied to me. Several times.  When you lie to someone, especially a customer, you are saying "Your stupid." The hell with this store, hope to God this place is out of business soon. Don't be stupid do NOT go here. Fuck you go wireless.
5	This place is great! They helped us upgrade a few days early (within a week of the upgrade date). The regular Verizon Store wouldn't and was just slow and rude. Go Wireless was friendly, helpful, and knowledgable. We worked with KJ, who was awesome! Highly recommend this store, and a big shout out to KJ!
1	Wish they had a rating of ZERO. BEWARE AND DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE THAT I DID BY GOING TO THIS VERIZON STORE OR CHOOSING VERISON AT ALL. First the customer service at this store is the WORST! The people who work here have no integrity and don't deserve to have a job.  The person who set up my two year contract was either too lazy or stupid to ask for my address instead she just took and old address off my drivers license which was a few years old! When I had to spend my time going back to this store to  get their mistake fixed, wonderful Verizon REFUSED to fix their own mistake. Next after having my phone for THREE days, they just billed me for $251.00, hahahahaha. What a complete scam Verizon is with all their deals, oh you will get a 100 credit and buy one phone get one free. It's all a bunch of crap. I should have stayed with T-Mobile, at least they are honest!
1	Just to confirm after the employee at this location screwed up my new two year contract and they refused to fix their own mistake when I went back into this store. The guy on the Verizon HELP (HAHA) line said he was going to call me in a few days to take care of it. Of course, I was not surprise that I NEVER heard from him. So if you really feel like you want to use Verizon despite their horrible customer service and incompetent employees, then at least save yourself a lot of hassle and money by going to another Verizon location where they actually have employees that know how to do their job correctly.
1	First, i didn't know until later this is not a real "Verizon Wireless" store. This explains a lot of the headache I went through. Multiple "bogus" fees rolled into my final transaction. My $100 phone which came out to $127 (and before that price they said it was $175 but after an hour of them removing BS fees it came down to 127) was a little confusing to me because how does a $100 transaction come out to $127 and when I asked why she said it was taxes. It wasn't until I was half way home that i thought "taxes in Arizona are not 27%, hell not anywhere". When I looked, it was another fee of 20 called "READY 2 GO DEVICE SET UP". This store is an absolute waste of time. I did not describe all of the highlights that made my visit frustrating as hell mainly because I don't have the time or space to type it all out for you. Everyone knows you will pay a lot for a "free" phone but this was different circumstances. The phone wasn't for me. I already had a new S4 but never used my upgrade. I can't believe they can setup a shop and trick customers into thinking it's a legit Verizon store. The experience was sooo bad that when I told her I saw the phone online for "free" she told me I must I have read it wrong.  "Why couldn't she see the same phone Verizon wireless offered for free?" I literally had to leave the store, go back to work, do a "print screen" on the web pages I was able to see and then bring them back to the "go" version store to prove it was free. I'm sure this is because they are NOT a legit store but a  store owned by "Joe Shmo" that sells Verizon products.Update, "I thought this nightmare was over": my mail in rebate came in but only for half. My $100 rebate showed up as a $50 rebate. I called the "go Verizon"  where my nightmare of a transaction took place and they were unable to help me unless a came in. So i went back  "again" to the store and they printed off the transaction confirming it was for $100. My options were to resend all of the information back and call citi card to dispute and fix the error. Its amazing how this error is my problem. I was soo pissed i called Verizon and basically said if this error is not fixed over the phone i will be taking the 5 lines i pay for a month and move to t-mobile asap. After being on the phone for 1 hour it was resolved and they said a new card with $100 will be sent out on 9-4-2014 which is weird because today is 09-09-2014 (I just realized that as i was typing) "oh dear god" lets just hope i can get what is owed to me without any more headaches. I drive a truck and unfortunately my 5 trips to that stupid "go Verizon" store has cost me more then 50 bucks.
