2	Hmmm......I dont think there is such a thing as a good experience going to your primary care doctor. Case in point: My appointment was at 9:20 in the morning so I show up at 9 and check in. They call up finally at 9:30 and send me to the one of the patient rooms where I proceed to wait another 15 minutes. Finally the nurse comes in and checks my vitals. (you know, blood pressure, temperature, etc.) Then I wait another 45 minutes for my doctor to finally show up. What I dont get is that my appointment was to talk about my bloodwork from about 2 weeks ago! So basically I waited about 1 hour just to talk about the results of my bloodwork which only took about 5 minutes. I still dont get why I waited at least an hour before he finally got to me. When I checked in the lobby only had a couple people waiting for their appointed time. I can understand if it was packed then I would expect the wait times to be longer. Now im more worried if it was packed. Might end up being there at least half the day! So from what I think doctor's offices will always have a low or negative rating because until they come up with a faster process, everyone will always be grouchy due to excessively long wait times.
1	This place is horrible it feels like a free clinic. After 3 attempts to get blood work results ( they called to cancel my appointment 2x with only an hours notice)I get to my appointment 1 hour early and as I'm checked in they tell me that it's going to be at least 90 minutes from my appointment time. Interestingly enough a panera lunch delivery arrived and a few minutes later they all went to a "nurses meeting". Health Care Partners really need to take a look at the way this place is run. Totally unacceptable in my book.
1	My comments are directed at the company as a whole and at the W Charleston non-physician staff. Let me first say that I was going to the W Charleston facility for nine years and I really like the two doctors there who were my primary physicians. Also, I did not have any problems when this facility was owned by Fremont Medical Center. ALL the problems began when Healthcare Partners took over. They don't call with test results - even for critical tests. They don't reply to messages left on the nurses line when I called to get test results. The office manager at W Charleston could care less about any of the problems even when her boss instructs her to handle a problem. Ultimately, the area manager intervened and saw to it that I got what I needed. Unfortunately, the relationship was no longer salvageable because the biggest violations occurred when, on two separate occasions, I went in to pick up my medical records and on neither occasion was I asked to provide ID to prove that I own the records. In the second instance, I went with a friend and my friend asked for my records. None of the front desk staff knows me or could identify me yet they gave my medical records to my friend anyway. Imagine! You can order your records on the telephone with no ID required and you, or your friend, can pick them up with no ID required. This means ANYONE can get YOUR medical records. For days after I picked up my records I was getting calls from the office manager telling me she was still waiting to receive my records - note: I already had them! Then it escalated to her calling me to tell me that the records were ready for pick up. I don't know if she ever learned that I (well, my friend) picked up my records the week prior thanks to the help of the area manager. This place is scary and has little concern for medical privacy as is evidenced by my medical records being turned over to my friend as I stood by and watched. There should be a law against this - oh wait, there is.
1	Horrendous customer service, disorganized staff and processes.  Hours and hours of your life lost waiting here and not so muchas a smile.   I hope never to return
1	Stay away ... far away!  Inherited this provider when they were purchased by the current company, Healthcare Partners.  Before the purchase, it was not a bad place to go.  If you needed to see your primary, they could usually get you in within a day or two with a reasonable wait time.  The current providers are slow and somewhat clueless.  I will never go back here even though I had been a patient for over 20 years ...
3	I had an appointment at the office on 4880 Wynn and overall received fine service. The ladies working the front were helpful, but a bit forceful with other customers. I waited in the lobby for 20 minutes and waited 5-10 for the doctor in the patient room. My appointment was at 7:20am, so there was no crowd. Dr. Chen was quiet, but answered any questions I had. I have been to better offices, but this one will do fine for now.
2	I received a call after my appointment requesting blood work. I was told the form would be coming in the mail, but I haven't seen it for weeks. I called for a second and I haven't received that either.They could be more of a help or do a better follow-up.
1	First, I made the fatal mistake of opting for Humana HMO when I turned 65 as part of my Medicare elections.  Healthcare Partners is the only provider in Las Vegas.  Then I was diagnosed with cancer in a variety of places.  The doctors seem to be great.  The staff and processes are just horrible.  With a primary care physician, a cardiologist, a urologist, a surgeon, an oncologist, Desert Radiology, and Quest there is no possible way to keep everything straight.  I'm having to manage my own healthcare and I am completely incapable of that given the complexity of my situation.  The cardiologist says I cannot be taken off of blood thinners.  The doctor assigned to do a liver biopsy with the hope of identifying the cancerous cells for the oncologist won't do it unless I am taken off of blood thinners.  The urologist responsible for my cancerous kidney can't get a conclusive biopsy to confirm cancer so he has to remove the entire kidney to get tissue to test.  Why?  Can't do a partial nephrectomy without taking me off of blood thinners.  These people don't communicate with each other.  One hand doesn't know what the other is doing. and lives are at stake.  Healthcare Partners is paralyzed while my cancer is growing.I had a CT scan performed.  After 3 weeks I hadn't heard from my PCP so I called.  They said they hadn't received the results from radiology.  I called the radiologist who said they had sent over the results the same day as the test.  I made an appointment with my PCP.  HCP wrote it down incorrectly.  I went to the appointment and they turned me away and told me to come back on another day.My HCP oncologist ordered the liver biopsy.  HCP told him he didn't have the authority to order it, that it had to go through the urologist.  It took days to get that straightened out only to have the liver biopsy refused because of the blood thinner issues.  The HCP oncologist is frustrated because he can't even work with people in his own HCP group.  He only found out about some very important info when we had a conversation in his office.  The info was critically important.  The info didn't get disseminated through HCP.At this point, my only chance is to last out the year and get to a different plan so I can go to a cancer treatment center.  I was diagnosed in October 2013.  Its April 2014 and I have had absolutely NO treatment for the cancers which have spread since first diagnosed.     The answer is to go to a Cancer Treatment Center, not an option in Las Vegas if you have Humana HMO and Healthcare Partners.  You'll either die or have to pay out of pocket.
1	This was the worst health care experience I've ever had. Even though I gave a full medical history and went over it with the check in nurse, it was completely ignored. This appointment was a complete waste of my time. Dr. Tan. Spent less than 10 minutes with me. And didn't listen to a word I said. DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE
4	My husband and I  are patients of Dr. Wenner here and absolutely love her.  She is thorough, communicative, caring, and a good listener.  One of the best Dr's in Healthcare Partners.  Just about every drs office has problems with the office staff in todays world.  Employees don't stay around long enough to receive thorough training.  It is a constant headache for drs. but with patient patience you can work around that.  Malissa is very helpful and does an outstanding job.
