4	An Interiors place with many booths, cool furnishings and Art, Heavy on ART!  Why didn't we get here sooner!  The friendly ladies greeted us, asked if we had ever been in, told us to have a look around and said they are Art and Home Furnishings, "Heavy on ART"!  Over 50 Artists and Designers choosing the merchandise on display.
2	This is not an art gallery. Like the name states its an interiors retail store - that hangs art.
4	I am a fan of Slate Interiors!  I love the art, the unique tables, lamps, chairs, chandeliers, home accessories, etc.. There is always something unique here that I want to take home with me.  It is the type of place that makes you dream of how you might decorate a beach house, a mountain house, a contemporary house, etc.. The prices are reasonable on most things.  Occasionally, I feel like the pricing has no rhyme or reason.They tend to have great mid-century pieces but these move quickly!  A lot of their merchandise turns over, so it is always a new shopping experience.  If you see it and you want it-- BUY IT!  I have lost several great things because I wanted to "think about it."The place is overflowing with wonderful local art.  I have noticed these pieces don't seem to sell as quickly as the furniture.For the most part, the booths are well laid out with lovely inventory.  There are a few that could use a good makeover.The people who work here are friendly, though I did buy an set of something and received a phone call that the price tag on the item was incorrect, it was not for both pieces of the pair but had been priced per item.  I was told I could either pay the new price or return the items.  I opted to return the items and they wanted it back within 24 hours.  As this was their mistake, and I live across town, I thought this was poor customer service.  All in all it is in my top 5 places to browse interior goods.
5	Slate interiors is like a pandora a box, you never know what you are going to find new and different. A lot my favorite things in my house are from slate. I will say that sometimes the parking can be a little tricky with the other businesses nearby compromising a lot of the parking, but if you get there at the right times, it's okay. Slate can also be good for smaller things like gifts, too. Keep up the good work!
