3	Holy cow.  I have never reviewed this Home Depot?  I think I go here at least once a week.  I guess I figured that at some point in the last six years I must have put in a review at some point.  Now I need to check all the other Home Depots too.  Dang.Whatever the case, even though this is my "home" Home Depot - probably being the closest to my house - it may just be my least favorite.  I'm not sure why.  While most of your Home Depot locations look about the same, this one just seems a bit under the weather.  The staff is usually a bit less friendly and like some other stores, they don't generally know much about what is going on, or at least that is the impression since they don't seem to want to talk to you.For instance, we wanted to buy a shed (one of those you put in your yard) and we actually had really good service from this guy who came out and answered a ton of questions.  Then he sent us inside to actually purchase the shed, and told them that he had given us a bunch of information.  No one inside even knew who the guy was.Do people stand in the parking lot trying to sell sheds for them?  I don't know.  So if you know what you want, you are probably set.  Otherwise, you might want to try another location (we went to Matthews instead).Also be aware of the fact that they almost always have only self-serve checkout aisles running, so if you don't like them, run!
4	This my home Home Depot! I don't come by all that often, as I have a Lowe's that is closer to home. However, when I do stop by there has always been somebody to direct me and offer advice. The only draw back may be the cashiers who are sometimes a little slow and uninformed to the day's happenings. Overall, I can normally be in and out of here in 20 minutes, which is a bonus for me! ++
4	Walked in yesterday with a mission. I needed four new speciality light bulbs. Two for an entertainment center and two for a china cabinet. As I was walking through the door, I was greeted by a gentleman asking what I needed and how they could help. I showed him my sample bulbs and he called to another gentleman who walked me over to the bulbs, found exactly what I needed and I was off. In and out of the store in like four minutes on a Saturday afternoon. If left on my own, it could've taken a half hour. I was very impressed by their customer service and how smoothly their process worked. Location is a little less than desired as I felt the need to hustle to my car as I walked out of the building, but still worth it.
4	This is now my Home Depot! After tons of problems with Lowes I came here to contract for new carpeting. The manager and assistant were extremely helpful and I would recommend this store to anyone!
5	In the cookie cutter world of big box stores we live in it is refreshing to get an experience where the entire store was committed to an exceptional customer service standard. At most hardware stores it seems like employees try to avoid you so they don't have to answer your stupid novice questions. I believe I counted 11 different employees at this Home Depot that actually asked if they could help me and my wife find something. The best part was the paint department where the nice gentleman explained us the differences between the brands of paints and help us select the correct finish for our room. I am so sad I don't recall his name because he was excellent. We live about 20 mins from this Home Depot but will continue to make the trip past many other hardware stores including other Home Depots to go back. Great work to the team that worked the store August 10th around 6pm.
