4	The Lodge Tavern, or the Tavern at Fort Apache is a large log constructed sports bar with video poker and some great food. It looks like one of those log hunting lodges .....with the huge fireplace found in all the cold northern states.It sits on the far south end of Las Vegas near the end of Russell road or Tropicana. You find it just after crossing over the 215."The Tavern at Fort Apache" sounds like it should be the name of a western movie..... I found it to be a totally enjoyable experience.It was quiet during the day I went, but I can imagine this huge circular bar with log beams headed up into the sky and a crackling fireplace gets rocking at night.There is a nice sized wooden floor dining area with comfortable seating around classic wooden tables that is seperate from the main bar and game room. Large windows still allow you to check out the main room action.The dining area is ideal for those that want to enjoy a meal with some conversation before heading back into the rocous game room.There are many TV's and monitors located throughout the bar andI was able to check out the sports action while enjoying a tasty margarita ............. The lodge looks to have a variety of beer choices for those so inclined.It does help to know someone to get the preferential treatment, but even then - the service is really great.The owners/mangers seem to be very nice and are concerned that they are producing a quality experience, both gaming and dining, out on the far end of Vegas.If you are out this way - the Lodge is a great place to be.
4	Seriously! The chicken wings here are phenomenal. One of the best I have ever had in Las Vegas if not, West of the Mississippi. Half price on appetizers during happy hour(4pm-7pm). Try them and I am sure you will get hooked.
5	Love this place but only if you have Mel she is the best bartender ever.  She makes the best Pineapple Upside Down shots....sooooooo good.  Great quesadilla.  Great now that they have a new manager as well :)
5	I just had the wings again at this place. It was for a lack of a better word, delicious!! It was moist, crispy and flavorful. Appetizers are half price (4pm-7pm) for happy hour. Hurry go grab some wings!!!!
3	Neighborhood taverns and lodges make it an easy stop for a simple lunch break.It was quiet on a Wednesday as we were the only ones here for lunch.  The waitress came out and got our beverages going as we checked out the menu.I went for the Grilled Chicken & Avocado Sandwich "Marinated grilled chicken breast, fresh avocado, swiss cheese, apple wood bacon, red onion, tomato and sprouts.  Served with mayo, on a fresh baked roll." ($8.95)  My sandwich was surprisingly really good - the chicken was very flavorful and not dry at all.  It was definitely a score with my choice! The Husband went for their Tri-Tip Dip Sandwich "Tender tri-tip, lighted grilled then dipped in our slow cooked rosemary au jus, topped with swiss cheese and stuffed in a toasted hoagie roll." ($8.95)  Sadly, it was very disappointing for him, lacking flavor and the au jus definitely needed a little something to jazz it up.All sandwiches and wraps come with your choice of fries, onion rings, cole slaw or side salad.  We both chose the side salad and definitely appreciate that it's a generous side salad, not those things you get from Wendy's! Overall, I was really pleased and the Husband was not.  I guess it's a hit or miss here.  They still accept the Entertainment coupon here!
4	Hubby and I went here for happy hour (4p-7p). Overall, SOLID! We ate in the dining room (the bar/lounge area was just way too smoky). Seat yourself, service was very friendly, quick, and attentive. We got sodas, an order of the hot-tiaki wings, garlic parm chicken tenders, the beef tacos, and a cheese quesadilla.  All of these were on the appetizer menu, so our total bill was under $20! The food was good- although the hot-tiaki wings tasted like regular buffalo wings (no terryiaki flavor). Everything came out piping hot, and the portions were really big for appetizers. I had to box up some things to take home. The atmosphere was your typical dark wood paneling, dim lighting, neighborhood lodge. It was close and convenient to our house, and made a nice pre-movie dinner. We'll be back!
4	*****2011 Entertainment guide...buy one get one free meal coupon***** The Lodge has great food! I can tell the Owner's are a big part of the success of this restaurant/bar pub as they have some great cooks and staff on board. My favorite time to visit is on St. Patty's day, in my opinion in all of Las Vegas they have got the best Corned beef and cabbage dinner ever created and that my mouth and taste buds dream of. Huge portion of tender juicy melt on your tongue corned beef I have ever had the priviledge to enjoy! I especially look forward to my visits in March! lol Hearty deliciousness and a great price to boot! They rock!Do your body a flavor and check it out!
3	My boss is pretty great... He takes myself and a couple other employees out for lunch every Firday. Lately, we have been going to The Lodge at Fort Apache. We go here for three main reasons...1. Great food selection at fair prices. They have yummy breakfast served all day, I love the breakast burrito.2. Friendly and fun staff. Corrine, the bartender, is fantastic. Our drinks are never empty and the waitresses are great about the special requests one of my coworkers sometimes has when it comes to how her food is prepared. 3. Super loose machines, at least that's what I hear, I don't gamble much... Last time I was there for lunch the coworker sitting next to me was dealt 4 aces, so they seem pretty loose to me! The ambiance is also nice, it reminds me of ski resort lodge...  and the music they play during the lunch hour isn't super annoying.
3	My first time there,sat in the restaurant part.  Waitress was right on us, got our drinks, they were good, hard to mess up a beer and strait vodka. The bad part was my club sandwich.  Very dry, toast too done, should have sent it back but I kept thinking the next bite will be better...it wasn't. My friends food was OK at best.  Service was great, I'll give it one more chance and order something else, then decide if I will ever go back
4	went to the lodge on st patricks day had some good corned beef and nice service                                                                                                              Great st Patrick's day party come  see  Sandra for great service and a drink even the green ones
1	My boyfriend and I went to The Lodge 3/28/2012 on a recommendation from a regular.  When we arrived we were ready to drink and gamble.  Within 30 minutes we were already in for $500.00.  We waited what felt like forever to get our drinks refilled.  We were never given any information of promotions or 4 of a kind drawings etc...  The two female bartenders did not even introduce themselves.  I couldn't get a shot to save my life!  Bottom line is there was a huge sense of entitlement there and I WILL NEVER BE BACK.  It's unfortunate to have this expereience I myself and my boyfriend have been in the SAME industry for 15 years.  They were more concerned with the 2.00 budlight drinkers then making sure thier gamers were all set.  Just an FYI if you are looking to become a regulr GOOD LUCK!
3	Hubs and I stopped in for lunch because we had a buy one get one free coupon.   I opted for the french dip while he went with the steak sandwich.  Service was nice.  Fries were piping hot and excellent.  Sandwich was A-OK.  I would have preferred a crustier bread for dipping.  Really, not much more you could ask for from a casual bar lunch.  It was good.  No complaints.
4	Great food and big portions. Make sure u try the breakfast burrito. Staff is friendly and fast. They have like a million tv's so if your looking for some sports playoff action, go visit the lodge.
3	Nick rocks on graveyard weekend... Swing shift Nicole is awesome, otherwise pass. Food is decent consistently, but nothing to crave.  Its... clean... I mean its a bar. As far as the balance of the staff, they aren't horrible by any means just decent.  We still go here a few times a year but there are other options out there.
4	The log cabin lodge in the desert! Food was great!
3	This restaurant is quite cozy with its rustic decor in both the lodge and dining areas.  We were the only customers in the restaurant and were greeted promptly by our server.  The menu pricing is pretty standard for bar food...maybe a little pricier.  We came in at $26 for 2 sandwiches and 2 drinks.  I had high hopes when I ordered the Roast Beef and Cheddar sandwich with fries.  My fiance went with the NY Steak sandwich.  He ordered it medium rare and it in fact came out medium rare, which was definitely a plus!  Most places will overcook a steak when it is ordered this way.  Although he devoured the sandwich, he did note that the steak was very bland and tasted as though there was no seasoning on it.  My sandwich was okay in taste... I assumed that the roast beef would be fresh, but was greatly disappointed when I looked at my sandwich and noticed the rainbow fish scale sheen on the outside of the meat (the preservative used on roast beef).  For some reason, this sight has always made my stomach turn ever since I was little and I only ate about a quarter of the sandwich and finished up my fries (which were quite tasty).  I'm not sure if this restaurant will be one of my top picks in the future for a quick meal, but the service is definitely on par and the ambiance really makes you feel like you're holed up in a lodge on a winter evening (with gambling and basketball on TV- of course).
2	Nothing special. Average food. Minimal beer selection.
4	One of my favorite places.  The machines are decent and the food is too.  I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here but if you're already here, not too bad for bar food.  The bartenders are what make it fun... people like "Double D" are fun to have around... especially when you hit!  I was in there last week and 3 six spots were hit within a couple of hours (that's $1600 each!).  They have seating just for dining , and pool tables for those inclined.  The whole thing is decorated/built like a lodge... thus the name.
1	I personally am not a fan of the Lodge.Food: 1 Star at best. I have received salads with rotten vegetables and BLACK avocado on more than one occasion. I personally prefer my avocado to be green or absent if they are unable to serve a somewhat fresh ingredient on one of the few "healthy" food choices they have. Maybe I would have a better chance of landing a good meal here if I went for chicken wings or a burger... But in my opinion, if you cant uphold a decent ingredient that you have on your menu STOP SERVING IT. I certainly have decided to stop ordering it and not go back!Drinks: Cheap/Affordable made by decent bartenders Service: Good if you sit at the bar... Not so great if you sit at a table. This is a gaming/sports bar type of environment. If I wanted to watch football or a game, this may be worth hitting up just for drinks... But I wouldn't recommend eating here for a fun dinner because the food quality is so low.
3	I used to live in the 89148 - SW/Summerlin border neighborhood. I used to pass this establishment all the time. I finally got the balls to try out this place even though I live further now haha.Went here with a couple friends, we decided to hit up this place. Parking was in a shady area (or at least one of my friends thought so). It's next door to some mexi food place and a work out center for women only. Walked inside, OMG, am I in the mountains...in a cabin? Nope, it's the Lodge. Literally, the Lodge. Inside the decor was like being inside a lodge. There's a mounted buffalo's head (maybe it was a beefalo), a fireplace and wooden interiors.We only ordered beers. Yup, just beers. We wanted to try out the food but that's on our to do list for our next trip here. Got New Castle and Blue Moon. I tasted the was it's supposed to taste.Service was good, we were greeted promptly when we walked in. The server checked on us quite a few times. 3 stars for now. I will try the food next time, and if it's amazeballs, then I will up the starts.
1	Wtf. Only giving a 1 star rating because they changed the chicken enchilada soup. Who's the jackass who decided to change the soup. Steward fire him or her please. This bar was sooooo busy u had to fight to get to the bar what happened??? How much money ru you losing now? It's scary to think about it? Maybe It's about time to make a change. As business owner what the fuck are you thinking?
2	Wow, worst Bar service ever. We sat at the bar, the 2 female bartenders, a brunette and an oriental chick where so rude! We asked about the draft specials and they rolled their eyes and responded rudely like we were in the wrong for asking a question. I ordered an IPA, It cost me $7.75 for a Pint glass during happy hour.... anyways Upon asking for the check which took forever to get, she charged us wrong because she said she couldn't find the right button, we told her to fix it she brought back the right bill and apparently she cant count either because the Bill came out to $14.75 for 2 Pabst and an IPA, I gave her a $20 and she brought us back $3.75... These Girls were rude, no eye contact, never checked on us after she brought us our drinks just plain rude, Not sure if we got this service because we were a young guy & girl couple and not two horny dudes, they just didn't make us feel welcome. regardless we still tipped above 15%, I work in the service industry and am a Hospitality student at Unlv and it just sucks going into local bars that have employees not service oriented, that leaves places with a bad rap, and is just bad for business.Now the reason I gave 2 stars and not 1... Im giving the extra star to our server who was not either one of the bartenders. Ill give her and the kitchen 5 STARS. She was super sweet and prompt and checked on us unlike the bartenders. My wife got the Ahi Salad and I got the Hotiyaki Wings which both dishes came out awesome. I would recommend the dining part of this establishment however I would not recommend the Gaming/Bar side, and thats sad because Vegas needs a better Food and Beverage scene for locals off the strip. this place can do way better on the bar side with a friendlier staff without stuck up attitudes!
3	Came for dinner and sat in the awesome nonsmoking area walled off from the bar.  Spinach and cheese dip app came with a healthy portion of dip that was a bit thin amd greasy for my taste and included plenty of spinach with tortilla chips. Got the buffalo chicken wrap which comes with crispy chicken and is pretty standard overall.  Thin cut fries and a dill pickle came with it.  Food is average, server is always excellent with a constant smile and willingness to please.  Will return for the smoke free atmosphere and quality service.
1	The only reason we used to come here every week was for the food. Needless to say the got rid of the best menu items they had again. They used to serve pizza - gone! Chicken avacado club sandwich ?  gone too! The only decent salad they had on the menu the chicken avacado with garlic...took it off the menu This place sux now & we certainly will not be back ever!
1	My girlfriend got food poisoning while eating here! I wish I could put zero stars but it wont let me. and it was expensive for what you get.
5	Best cheeseburgers, hands down! Also great French onion soup and grilled cheese... Yummy! Perfect place for a couple beers and quality food.
2	Used to come every single morning for coffee since they're open before Starbucks. Staff here is awesome but they hired a new person that is probably nice and all but doesn't know how to make coffee. I'm always the only person there and it takes him 8-9 minutes to make my coffee when all the others can make it in like 3. Not to be all picky but I just think it's kind of ridiculous. He always seems frazzled and confused not sure. After I'm rung up and receive my coffee I've probably been in the window for like 15 minutes. I won't come back unless it's during the day when the people are awake and know what they're doing.
2	These two stars are basically for ambiance and fantastic food.  Service is average at best, pool is free but the only thing more broken than the pool sticks is the pool tables themselves.  The beer selection is the worst for someone who values good beer, thank you but if my elite choice is a magic hat #9...  Even being with in walking distance to my house and the choice for my gambling induced friends, I would never go here and rarely do.
