1	cheyenne crossings locationThis is a pretty decent Wal-mart, at least they keep all the shit picked up off the floor. But they still have the same ADA employees who dont give a shit about anything. I mean when you ask a worker for help & they say I dont work in this or that Dept and they walk away, they should be picking up their Last Check & going home. Seriously People its not real hard to do your job, give a little.
2	Despite being the closest Walmart to my house, I don't come here very often.  It's dirty and old.  I remember coming here when I first moved here over 17 yrs ago.  It was decent back then.  Now, it's tired and worn down.  I usually go to the Walmart in Centennial, which is a much larger, newer, and cleaner Walmart.Will I return?  Reluctantly, I'm sure I will because it's close and sometimes I'm too lazy to make the drive.
4	Even tho I'm here like every night....and it seems like more than less recognize me, why is it that loss prevention will blatantly follow me around? Gives me that uncomfortable feeling especially since when I shop here I bring a pocket full of cash! Trust me when i say, I am the least of your worries & the last shopper you need to be watching! Hey, I got it!! Maybe they're just too shy to ask for an autograph! Lol! It's okay boys, I don't bite....unless...
3	Just your average Wal-Mart what else can I say? Service prices all the same. Nothing different here than any other Wal-Mart.
3	I only come in here for a few things, it's an older walmart, there is just a few aisles of food and its total junk food, it's not a super center. I like this location because its rarely crowded, but I don't go here alone or at night.
1	Run down, dirty, ghetto, and honestly not safe to be at alone in the day time OR night. if i shop here its my last resort, and i try to be in and out as quick as possible to make sure my car is still in the parking lot when i am finished. Workers are never happy or pleasant, nor helpful. How is this crap hole still standing?
1	I have worked many customer service jobs from Target cashier to loan modification advocate for Bank of America, and I always made it a top priority to ensure that the customer knew that I was on their side by listening and offering sincere sympathy. When it was finally my turn at the checkout line, I had about $360 worth of goods in my cart. The woman first off did not greet me and was in a hyper manic mood. She not only screwed up the machine when I was trying to pay with my credit card but had the nerve to tell me that I do not have any money and should leave! Excuse me!! I not only had mad cash on me but a $10,000 credit limit on my card. I went to the manager and he had to ring up all my items again and had me write down the incident so that I can be called back in return. I never received a call back nor did I ever venture out to that particular Wal Mart location again.
1	I can't stand Walmart.  Unfortunately, I don't always have the luxury of paying more for something somewhere else. I can't stand their long lines, the difficulty in finding someone to help, the sloppy displays, etc. You can blame customers for making messes (and I do blame them) but I swear Walmart schedules as few staff as possible, so it takes longer to get shelves organized. And don't let them forget to put a price on something! I used to have a pre-paid debit card through them. They have so few staff (regardless of which Walmart I went to) that to put money on the card took waaaay too long.  They lost me as a customer- I terminated the account.
1	Ugh! I hate this Walmart. I had to go to this Walmart to grab something quick and regretted walking through the door. Why didn't I leave my house earlier to go to a different place! This particular Walmart is dirty, scuzzy, and I felt like I needed a shower when I left. The people here were not friendly and some were downright grouchy and rude.  I didn't expect a 5star VIP experience, but a little customer service would have been nice. On top of that, the other customers were a bit on the scary side. I was a little worried to leave my car in the parking lot for fear something would happen to it. Lots of strange behaving prople were loitering in the parking lot. It was just an unsavory crowd there when I visited this store. Save your self the trouble and go across the street to Target or the Walmart up on Cent. Parkway.
3	Dirty Walmart that looks like needs a major face lift.
1	Can I get some help please?.... Forgot. I'm at Walmart.  I went here because its close by and needed some aloe vera gel for a sunburn.  My son and I went searching and searching AND searching. Couldn't find it. Couldn't find someone who works there (like that would help?) I even asked another customer if they had any idea. They tried to help but they couldn't find it either.   I finally found someone who looked swamped putting items on the shelf. Her reply? " its that way on the bottom" Ohhhh. Should've known it was somewhere "over there".  Still no luck. Walking half the store and finally found some one. I asked her. Her response? "I don't work here" (apparently, nobody does any WORK around here).  Lucky for me, SHE was polite and walked me right to it.  My 7yr old asked me why she knows where it is and she doesn't even work here.  What do you say to that?  Not enough staff and the ones that "work" there either are too busy to help or have no clue what customer service is.  Get some illegal immigrants in there. Maybe I won't understand them but at least there will be an excuse for the poor service.  Don't shop here with a gun.  You'll kill yourself or go postal.
1	This has got to be the worst Walmart in Las Vegas.  It's pure filth:  I went to take a cart from where they're stacked up inside the store, not in the entryway like at other branches.  They weren't exactly stacked up; the store wasn't all that crowded, and there were only a few carts available.  And they sat on a floor so covered in black grime, it looked as if it hadn't been washed since the place opened.  Of course, there were none of those disinfectant wipes availabe to hose down the cart - or me.I had a list of about six things that I needed, and true to form, they were out of three of them.  These were not exotic items, just stuff like Wite-Out, suntan lotion, but I batted only .500.  And that suntan lotion was their own Equate brand, which had been rated the best in Consumer Reports.  Unbelievable!I had misgivings about going to this Walmart in the first place;  it's always disgusting,  and I did only because I was going to Ulta on Lake Mead and Rainbow.  I won't make that mistake again.  This branch should be condemned by the Board of Health.
1	The sad thing about Walmart is no matter how awful the customer service, the lack of customer consideration, or cleanliness, they will always do well.  Because when it comes to getting the cheapest junk for the lowest price the customers will always flock.  Some out of choice, some out of habit. Over the run of the last six years, I can count on one hand how many times I have visited this Walmart.  I have visited at off-hours because I could not imagine dealing with them in the middle of the day.  One register open for six or seven people in line?  Check.Employees openly swearing and featuring colorful language?  You got it.Cashiers more interested in having personal conversations vs. assisting the customer?  THERE IT IS!In terms of customer service, one of the worst establishments I have ever been to.  One day when I was struggling to carry plastic bins no one offered to help me carry, move, scan, or get them out to my car.  Rather stand and pretend that they don't see me.  And as I mentioned, walking around and hearing colorful language that I shouldn't hear PERIOD let alone at a business.I don't know WHO their night manager is but they're failing.  Miserably.  Particularly the front end so no matter how great your shopping experience was (i.e. had everything in stock, found everything quickly or on sale...), you have to go through an individual who doesn't care and lets you know it.  Dry, unfriendly, sarcastic.  I couldn't help but notice last time that they got rid of the "Did the Cashier greet you?" question at the credit/debit card scanner.  When you've given up on enforcing manners then you're really in a sorry state.I'll give my money to Target or Ross ANYTIME over Walmart, especially this one.
1	Worst Walmart in Las Vegas. I start itching the second I walk through the door, it's always dirty, it has a funny smell, awful customer service and I only ever go there if my boyfriend drags me in. I have nothing against other Walmarts. I enjoy going to other Walmarts. Just not this one.
3	For as many times as I have shopped and bought stuff in this Walmart you would think I would give it five stars! However, the more I shop at this store, the more disappointed I become... The facility is worn and dingy, the staff seems overworked, bored and belligerent... They are always sold out of ammo, and getting a clerk to help you is virtually impossible. I was wanting to buy a bicycle and needed someone to get the bike down of the high display rack. I asked over 5 different Walmart employees before I was able to get some assistance. This was just one of many times when I encountered what seems like a serious lack of staffing and training. However, it seems that almost anything I need for home, business or vehicles i can find at least one of it at Walmart. Let me also say the self checkout makes me seek anger management therapy!
1	The worst cellphone department ever! I came for a promotion where include a $75 dollar gift card if you add a new phone to your AT&T account. After almost one hour of waiting plus one hour processing (AT&T department had a long call list), a new hard inquiry to my credit history, and with almost the phone in my hand (it's was active) their system can't get thru the last screen in the process. Then they give me two options (no solutions and with a crappy attitude) get my phone with a paper application where THEY CAN'T GIVE the gift card (SCAM?) or to cancel the order and return tomorrow. What???  The funny is the history doesn't end.I return next day after schedule an appointment. (I canceled the order, of course) I came 15 min earlier and wait to be attended 15 min more than the schedule time. When the representative try to add the new line the system don't let him because they new canceled line was still on the system and I need to wait 48 hours to delete their mess! They kindly explain me I need to return other day. I get really upset for this lack of respect. I request to call AT&T to fix this today. After 30 min of waiting a AT&T phone representative the start to fix it but they couldn't. I miss the promotion because was only a two day promo but their faults and sorry and a credit hard inquiry it's all that I got!
1	We're out of towners, and I've only been in 1 other Walmart, which is in Irvine.  That's why I give it 1 star. The Irvine store was very neat and tidy.  This one was not.  The Irvine employees were very cheerful and ready to assist, these employees were not.  We were in town for a soccer tournament, and had a game in the evening. We just came to purchase hand warmers.  We found them and a couple of other miscellaneous items. Great!  Let's get out of here!!!But wait...what's THAT???  It's a scooter that you kneel on?  Cool!  My daughter wanted to see how to work it because it's self propelled.An employee saw her and told her "Get off!  You aren't allowed to ride it around the store!".  She literally scooted 6 feet down the empty aisle and back to where she found the scooter!If it weren't for that employee, there would be one less scooter in their inventory.
1	I visited wal-mart to get a dresser, after trying to lift the box I realized it was too heavy for me and so began the nightmare of customer service. I wondered the aisles looking for an associate but could not find one in furniture so I went to electronics and again no associate, I went back to furniture and found an associate but she did not respond to me the 3 times I said "excuse me" to get her attention. Frustrated,  I went back to electronics and found another associate who was kind enough to page for help. I waited and waited and waited. 15 minutes later there was still no help in sight. Another associate walked by so I asked her to page for help, she did. Another associate walked by her and said "I can't lift it" with attitude and walked off. I watched as 4 female employees talked about how they couldn't help me instead of actually walking to find someone who could. 10 more minutes passed so I walked out. No sale. Sadly, my fiance had gone before Christmas to get me the same dresser and had the exact same experience.  I brushed it off thinking it must have just been busy since it was Christmas time but clearly, this walmart just has awful service.  It is bad enough that it is always dirty and unorganized, add awful service and this place becomes the last place I will spend my money. Kudos to the two people who actually new how to do their job, it is just too bad there was no follow through with the others.
1	This Walmart is sad. It's not a super center and a lot older than the other Walmarts in the area so it didn't have everything I needed to shop for. They had a small selection on bedding sets, vacuums, and no produce. I will stick to the one located on Spring Mountain, so far that one has everything I need, it's open 24 hours, and it's a super center.
1	Very disappointed with the cashier we had.  As we checked out & I swiped my debit card, the cashier rang up an item that was already included in my total (not quite a double charge as she started a new sale).  However, when we got home we found that the 2nd to the last item in our sale never made it to my bag.  If you (Walmart)want more info regarding this, you can respond to this acct with your contact info & I'll scan my receipt to you
2	Not happy with the pharmacy here. Waited forever just to give them my prescription.  After them giving me an estimated time to come back ,which was one hour, I came back 2 hours later and my prescription was still not ready. Bad customer service.
1	...Walmarts without a grocery store still exist?  Who knew.  Overall one of the most dingy stores in the valley and absolutely crawling with the sort of people featured on peopleofwalmart.com I can definitively say that if this is a "neighborhood Walmart" then I have no reason to be in or around that "neighborhood" again.
1	This review is solely for the automotive section which is horrible!!!!!The attendent took twenty min asking questions like what model is this? Umm it straight up says it on the car in about three different places! Next my husband checked the car a few days later not only did they not put nearly enough oil but they left the cap off as well. Do not get auto service done here!! Pathetic
3	Silly me, I assumed this place was a Super Center. Well, it's not. I toughed it out and was able to gather most of what I went in for. This obviously could not be a regular spot for groceries, but it has everything else Wal Mart has to offer and there is a grocery store across the street. So if you are limited to this area, you certainly can make it work. It was a little crowded, which really wasn't surprising as we are inching closer to Christmas. I didn't have any issues with most of the shoppers, however, there is always the select few that have to go against the grain, with the entire family in tow, and try to squezze in and out of the other shoppers while trying to make it down an already cramped aisle.All in all, it was what you would typically expect from a Wal Mart experience, minus the Super Center. The parking lot didn't seem too crowded and it was a relatively quick in and out, despite the crowd inside and what I am fairly certain was a seasonal employee at the register.
1	I went in here trying to get a few grocery item and when I asked one person where I could find the items she told me that she was off duty and walked away. The second person I asked told me that he didn't think that they had the items I was looking for. I found the items  but I will not be back. The service was so bad that if I could I would give this place zero stars.
