5	This is the best pizza in town. It is the closest thing to eating pizza in the great country of Italy. Great bar, and great atmosphere.
5	4 words...BEST PIZZA IN ARIZONA!Patsy's was my favorite pizza place in NYC and when I moved to Scottsdale two years ago, I was afraid I would never have good pizza until I went back east...Needless to say, I was excited when I found this jewel the day I moved here!!
5	FYI, I lived for PGP when I was studying at ACI in NYC. Cuz it's so YUM E! Couldn't believe when I lived at DCRanch, there was one right on Market Street. OK, so I haven't had the world famous, controversially long-lined, downtown Pizzeria Bianco yet. But, you know what? I don't think I need to. Cuz Patsy's my pizza passion. Thin crust, tangy sauce and simple and fresh toppings.The staff here is fantastic. Great bar to shoot a couple Patrons while waiting for your to go za. And to think you can get a meal at DCRanch for $15 and be drooling about the next day. Way cool!
5	I went here for lunch the other day and loved it.  At first I was a bit skeptical, since the entire menu was on my placemat, but once we all ordered and I tasted their pizza, it was absolutely amazing.  The crust was thin, not cracker-like thin, and very tasty.  Our group got a couple of regular pizzas and one white pizza, which was out of this world.  I was not able to try the desserts or any beverages of the alcoholic sort (since my VP was at lunch with me), but I would say that next to Pizzeria Bianco, this is the best pizza in the valley.  Service was great, atmosphere was wonderful, and some of the best pizza I have ever had.
3	First of all.....Scottsdale is a little too "hip" for my liking.  All the buildings are the same color and its hard as fuck to find things.......so that brings me to this review......ordered 2 pizzas for pick up.  Get there and there are about 20 parking spaces which of course are all full and the only other option is valet.  F that I say.  Get out of the car and have my lady circle the area a few times while I go in and get the grub.  Right when I walked in there was a hostess talking to some other chick and she didnt even recognize or say hello to me for about a minute.  Thats BS.....at least acknowledge Im there and say Ill be with you in a minute or something....dont just keep talking and pretend Im not there...you know?  So finally I find out that you have to pick up your pizzas at the bar area.  I see a guy carrying pizzas so I get right behind him under the big sign that says "to go orders".  Well I stand there for a good 5 minutes without anyone saying shit.  The bartender seemed like a prick and even walked by me a few times and didnt say anything.  There was a lady who waltzed up next to me though and he asks her right away if she needs anything.  Doesnt even look or make eye contact with me but a lady rolls up there and hes helping her and making sure shes ok, while Ive been standing there for a good 5 minutes???. F that!  Piss poor customer service.  Finally some random bus boy asks me if I need anything and this other dude magically appears and asks me what I ordered.  Anyways.....1 Large pepperoni and garlic and 1 small pepperoni and roasted red peppers came out to freaking 41 bucks.  Paid my money and got the hell out of dodge.  The pizza is simply amazing and it gets 5 stars.  Just as good as the one I have been to in Vegas and this one was better then the OG one in Brooklyn too.  If you have one of these around in AZ, NV, TX or NY I would highly recommend it.  Some of the best pizza you will ever eat guaranteed!  3 stars becuase of the shitty ass location, $41 price tag and the "too cool" pricks that work there.
2	Wait, is this a joke? I feel like I'm five years old again with my menu on the placemat. How come I don't get the free box of crayons? Wait, there are only like three things to choose from? Pizza, Calzone, Salad. Seriously? Wait, how come there's no sauce on my pizza and the crust is so thin there are holes in it? Why does the chicken taste like rubber?Went here on new years eve and the atmosphere was like a freakin' funeral home. Lots of stuck up scottsdale people drinking Robert Mondavi wine and acting very proper. Next time I want pizza I'll be at Domino's.
3	Did not think I liked thin crust pizza but a friend of mine wanted to to go there so I went.  It was the Friday after Christmas and the place was packed they had booked a couple of parties that night and there was a 90 minute wait if you did not have reservations.  Despite making reservation the rude young man at the front door told us we would still have to wait 90 minutes and there was nothing he could do and turned away.  Once we talked to the manager she said she would do what she could and we had a table about a half hour latter.  I liked the pizza more then I thought I would and that is good given the high price they charge for it.  Despite that we did have a good time and once my job situation gets more secure so it is not so painful overpaying for pizza I do plan on going back for some really good overpriced pizza.  Hopefully the young man at the door will go work for a bail bonding, a repo company or some other occupation he is better suited for.
2	High expectations fell short....Have seen the one in Old Town Scottsdale and heard "rave reviews" so anticipated a happening scene with fab wood fired oven pizza for a New Year's dinner. Perhaps my Lasik surgery the day before altered my perception in ways I had not anticipated but I really thought that Chuck-e-cheese himself was going to saunter through the dinning room at any moment. The white pizza left everything that white pizza is somewhere in the kitchen. Thankfully my tastebuds were rescued by the sausage, ricotta and roasted red pepper pie. A few salads and of course pizza at +$2 per topping. Luckily we had a fun group there and I'll have to think about going back. I think I'll stick to my local favorites for truly amazing pizza like Nello's and Four Peaks.
2	Meh is rightI had high expectations.  It smelled delicious from the outside.I love thin crust pizza.  I love fresh ingredients.  I love brick oven pizza.  I should have LOVED this place.Unfortunately, I thought it was the epitomy of bland.  I got a small pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms.The toppings were not evenly spread across the pizza.  In fact, half of the pizza had no pepperoni and a few pieces of sausage on them?! (I hate sausage on pizza, blech)The sauce was sooo bland to me.  The cheese almost had the consistency of low-fat cheese when it melts... like... rubbery.Yep.  I won't come back.
5	I should preface this review by saying that for the past decade, it has been very hard to find consistently good NY style pizza in Arizona.  For whatever reason the Chicago transplants started up restaurants to support their own but the New Yorkers were late to the game.  So having Grimaldis show up is a breath of fresh air and if I wasn't for that I'd give it 4 starts instead of 5. Because it's a chain.If you are in AZ and want good brick oven NY style pizza then this is hands down the place to go to.  They only serve salad, calzones and pizza so don't come here for a romantic date.  On the flip side, it's not a dumpy hole in the wall it's a nice looking place with a modest decor and as a previous reviewer commented, they even serve Robert Mondavi for us stuck up Scottsdale residents.I have probably been there 20 times and each time the staff has been friendly, the service has been good and the food has been excellent.
3	I wasn't overly impressed with the pizza here... Had heard rave reviews about the place and finally tried it. Better than OK,  pretty good, just didn't live up to the hype for me. I'd go here again though, just wouldn't go way out my way!
4	I really like this pizza joint. Great service and great pizza. I'll spare you the details, because Grimaldi's is reviewed to death, but this is one of my top spots in the whole valley.http://www.azcentral.com/thingstodo/dining/articles/2009/08/18/20090818grimaldis.htmlCool article that goes to illustrate the lengths Grimaldi's goes to in order to make their pizza stand out from the pack.
5	THE BEST PIZZA EVER- I love the thin and very fresh sauce and toppings- Great Service and atmosphere- Have you ever OD'd on a place you liked too much???
5	Food - AmazingService - Amazing - (Joe, I think?)Thanks!
5	PGP IS GREAT. I love the DC Ranch location, it is a great place for a quick bite, grandmas dinner, first date or lunch meeting. The service was on point, the food was excellent and we experienced some superb customer service. I ordered a large pep for the two of us to share. They brought out a 14inch pizza which is 4 good sized slices each. The waitress Jennifer mentions they made the wrong size, this is the medium and they will bring another one asap. We ate the medium and were happily stuffed just as another "personal" pizza arrived. It was a 12 inch pie. We boxed it and sent it home with the old coworker. He now has dinner tonight. THAT IS GREAT SERVICE! Jennifer did a great job keeping the drinks filled and the table clear.
4	I've eaten here a few times, and gotten take out once.  The pizza which is NY style thin crust cooked in a coal fired oven is just the right thickness with some chewiness and good bite.  I would definitely recommend the white pie, which is much harder to find well done out here in AZ (outside of Bianco of course, or at least that is what I heard: I just am not willing to invest several hours of waiting just to get a pizza...).  White pie with sausage and fresh tomatoes definitely hits the spot at Grimaldi's: I've gotten more toppings in the past, but more than 2 or maybe 3 toppings overwhelms the crust.  The one thing I don't recommend here is the cannoli; the filling had a good consistency, but the shell was way too hard and their was an odd aftertaste present.  With how sensitive the crust is, this was not a very good bet for take out as with the thin crust, by the time you get it home it has already pretty much fully cooled.
4	Yay!  I'm a fan!I have been meaning to try this spot for quite a while and finally made it in on a slow Sunday.  Since I was a newcomer, Erica behind the bar shared some background info on the restaurant, including the coal oven and the filtration process used so that the water for the dough is as close to New York water as you can get in AZ.  Maybe just a gimmick, but I admit, I was impressed.  I decided upon a small caesar salad and a personal white pizza with garlic.  Oh was I surprised when a huge salad arrived - more than enough for two people.  That is a small!?  Yep.  I already could see a to-go container in my future.  It was very good - crisp crutons and just enough dressing.  The pizza arrived quickly and was also very big - the menu states the personal pizzas are 12", but it appeared larger to me - six slices of gooey, cheesy garlicy goodness atop a wonderfully crisp crust.  I thoroughly enjoyed my lunch, and had lots left over to take home.  It was probably a good thing that I was dining alone, because I am sure that I had major garlic breath after!
3	Pretty good pizza
4	This was some damn good pizza. We were in town from Chicago and looking for some pizza to bring back to the room to watch the Irish. Lucky for us Grimaldi's was right down the road. We perused their menu for a bit and put together our combination. Which you pretty much have to do as they have only three to choose from: plain, pesto or white. I'd like to see them have some creative combos, instead of nickel and diming you for the toppings you are bound to add. That said we opted for garlic, sun dried tomatoes and mushrooms. The pizza came out pretty quick and we hurried off to chow and watch the game. It certainly could have been hotter, but I put that on us. The pizza was great and the crust was fantastic. They had gone into this elaborate story of how they mimic NYC water to get the perfect crust. It must be the truth, because it was damn good. Slightly charred, chewy and crusty. It held up well to the generous heaping of toppings they laid on us. It could have used a bit more sauce, but really I'm not going to add that as a topping. Pretty tasty pie and we put a beat down on it like the Irish put on Nevada.
5	Best pizza in town!! Everything is made with fresh, top notch ingredients. The staff is very friendly, they definitely aim to please. We have had several different pizza combinations and also their calzones and have never been disappointed. I"m not a cheesecake fan but they have a specialty cheesecake each month that has been nothing but pure delight every time I've tried it. If you want deep dish pizza this is not the spot for you. Thin crust is the only thing they serve here. Give them a shot. You won't be disappointed.
5	Good pizza! Bubbly crust with good flavor, fresh toppings!
4	What great pizza. As a fan of the thin crust, I'm in heaven here. The two gimmicks that make it work are the 1200 degree coal-fired oven and the softened, filtered water that's used to make the dough. On my last trip, there were four of us for a busy dinner time at 5:00 on a Sunday. We shared two pizzas, one with pepperoni, the other with olives. Both were stellar, as was the antipasto appetizer and the house red wine. The service was adequate, as every table was full and there was a wait at the door.
4	Came here last night for dinner to meet one of JD's buddies new girlfriend. We were the first to arrive and it was packed but smelled awesome. We had a drink at the bar and when everyone else showed up about 10 minutes later the table was ready. JD and I split a small house salad that was plenty big enough for the two of us. I then had a personal pizza with meatballs and ricotta that was fan-freakin-tastic! I won the "best pizza" at the table award according to everyone. I was more than happy to share because the personal pizza was way too big for just me. The other pizza's at the table were good too, but not as good as mine! Im getting hungry just thinking about it! The service was prompt and friendly and the food came out fast. The only downside was that the women's restroom was broken and you had to go outside to a "free for all" bathroom that was kinda gross. I dont understand people who don't flush. Anyway, that is the sole reason I left off one star. Hopefully the next time I visit that will be amended.
5	As close to Lombardi's (NYC) or Pepe's (CT) as you'll get here in AZ. All locations here are good (the one in Tucson is smaller and the wait is usually relatively short). Excellent quality, flavor and staff. They know what made Lombardi's and Pepe's successful and they've draw on that.  Yummmmn
4	I have a huge throbbing wood for this place...I love their pizza and this location is on the up and up.Always order extra cheese because you cannot get enough of their fresh mozzarella... May I suggest basil and sausage too.You really can't go wrong with this place.I would give them 5 stars if they inserted an awesome tap into their mix.  That's about all I have to say about that.
5	Although, Grimaldi's clearly does not need my review, they are gonna get it anyway! We were vacationing in Fountain Hills with another family and my friend (from New Jersey) really wanted to try and find some authentic NY pizza. My husband requires the "slice must fold in half to eat it" model - we were told to go to Grimaldi's. 9 of us descended on the DC Ranch outpost on a Saturday night without a reservation (No, we are not crazy...close though) - we were seated on the heated back patio in under 30mins. Little did we know that Heaven awaited is after we ordered!! We ordered 3 large pies - Traditional cheese, Sausage and Mushroom, and a White pie with the garlic olive oil base. OMFG!! This is simply, hands down, the BEST PIZZA I have ever eaten. The 3 pies, 3 family size salads were gone in under 10mins. The 5 teenagers were trying to convince is to order a couple more to take back to the house. Can I also mention that the tab for dinner, with beverages (beer and wine for the 4 adults, sodas for the kids), salads and 3 large pizza's was just over $100 - for 9 people!!!I am planning our next vacation just so we can get back here and get more goodness!!!
3	Went here since it was close by.It was good. It was pizza. We ate it.As Chicagolanders, we did not complain.Pros: Greek Salad was fresh and not drowned in too much dressing.Cheerful atmosphere, good for kids.Crust was decently chewy and the fresh mozzarella is a nice plus.Cons: Can get pricey. Toppings are $2-$4. (We got onion, red pepper, and sausage.Doesn't have a lot of sauce. I like my pizza saucy.  You can order extra sauce, but why?Yep. It's pizza.
5	Im sorry but if you eat here all pizza will forever be  ruined to you. Grimaldis is simply the best. And holy shit grass fed mozzarella.... that is amazing.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	BEST PIZZA EVER!!Service can be hit or miss, but once that pizza is sitting in front of you nothing else matters.  The Grimaldi's house salad is also delicious.  But seriously, if you like pizza, you MUST try Grimaldi's!
4	Three things on the menu. Pizza, calzones and salads. That's it. All done very well, in a great atmosphere with attentive service. The pizza menu has no suggestions, just a list of toppings, accordingly, you have...No meat lovers pizza.  Gotta make your own.No Margharitta Pizza. You select it.No BBQ chicken pizza. Figure it out and order it.No Veggie Pizza. Pick 'em yourself.Of course, the list of toppings is ample, and you can design anything you want. We ordered a small pie with garlic and pepperoni. Also had a small salad. (FYI the salad menu does not require that you pick your own ingredients.)They were having some oven temperature problems, but the staff was helpful and the manager took care of the issue. Bring the whole family.
5	Patsy Grimaldi's is one of the best kept secrets in Scottsdale!  It has truly original taste and really can't be compared to any other pizza in town.  Their pizza reminds us of good pizza from back east.  I like them better than Pizzeria Bianco in downtown Phoenix.  Grimaldi's pizza is just as good if not better, you get more for your money, your wait time to be served and 2 hours less and it's more kid friendly.   Their North Scottsdale location is tucked away in DC Ranch which creates a great ambiance for dinner with friends for a romantic night with a loved one. You can create just about any type of pizza or calzone you want. They use very fresh products and their service is outstanding. The only thing that I found a bit annoying has nothing to do with the food, just that DC Ranch does not offer the best parking.  It can get very crowded on Friday and Saturday nights in this area of DC ranch, so go early.  You can't fault Grimaldis for the poor parking, they are just in a great location.When the weather cools down, sometimes there is entertainment in the local park area next to Grimaldi's.  You can walk over and enjoy the tunes!  Overall I highly recommend this place, great food, great service and good fun.  When your older Italian friends from back east enjoys it, it is worth it!
5	Can pizza get any better?Not about the toppings - this is the place for great crust. Baked to slightly charred perfection in the coal oven (Pennsylavania Anthracite - just like in Brooklyn) . Simple tasty sauce, probably San Marzano tomatoes, fresh mozzarella. Try with the the house roasted red peppers.
4	I'm really confused about the reviews below.  Grimaldi's is not necessarily deserving of the Worlds' Greatest Pizza Award; however, it's damn good pizza.  It's even better that in $$$cottsdale you can have a dinner for two with multiple glasses of wine for under  $40.  We ordered the simple pepperoni pie, and my hungry boyfriend an I did not leave a slice on the stone.  The inside is decked out with red and white checkered table cloths with an open kitchen to see the creation.  There is also an outdoor seating area that I unfortunately did not get to see but heard great things and plan to go back to experience.  Pizza is hard to screw up, but it's even harder to find delicious pizza.  I can't speak for the other items on the menu, but if you're looking for a cheap date night out pizza style, I recommend Grimaldi's, hands down.
2	Our first visit tonight, a Friday, and soooo not impressed.  Very loud, tight quarters.  Probably didn't help that we had a table in the corner by the back door with lots of kids running around.  Our "small" pizza for two took 40 minutes to arrive, and we purposely ordered quickly before several big parties were seated.  The pizza was extremely thin and the sauce was sweet.  We ordered ham as one of our 4 ingredients and it was "diced."  I have never seen diced ham on a pizza, only in omelets.  It kept rolling off the pizza and not much cheese to hold it onto the crust.  We also ordered a mediterrean salad and it was ok.  Prices were reasonable, thus great for families. Won't be going back anytime soon to this pizzeria that reminded me of one grade above a Chuckie Cheese w/o the games.
2	The food is pretty decent but this place had some seriously bad service and was incredibly loud and was absolutely frigid inside. The menu is pizza, salad, calzones. The mediterranean salad with chicken is pretty decent and is good sized. The individual pizzas are ginormous! I like the thin crust and the sauce. However, we went here with a group and while we were seated promptly, that was about it. Every single thing was screwed up at least once. All the drink orders was screwed up and given to the wrong people. Salads were given to the wrong people or not brought out at all. The waiter totally forgot to even bring out one salad and one pizza for two different people. He gave one woman another person's pizza and was a little miffed when these errors were pointed out. A manager did come to apologize but still. Also, it was extremely loud and we ended up getting out as soon as we could. And it was freezing in there, too! The wait for food was not too long but the wait for the corrected food was a little ridiculous but mainly because they had to either remake things or make them for the first time since the orders were placed so incorrectly with the kitchen. Would not come back.
5	I went here on a Saturday night and sat outside listening to the band playing in the background.  It was part of the Music Under the Stars, or whatever it called, very cool and fun though.  BTW, I see a lot of people commenting on how loud it was, to all you yelpers, take that with a grain of salt, it's a pizza place near a large family residential area on a weekend, what do you expect, I guess it's an expectation thing.  By no means is this going to be a quiet candlelit dinner for two.  It's a classy, family oriented pizza place. We ordered the caesar salad and small pepperoni pizza. Very well priced, and the pizza in my opinion tasted delicious.  It seems like everybody has some weird opinion on how good pizza is, and I guess I have a weird opinion as well.  Here goes...the size of the small, is not small it was more like a medium (value! winning!)(sorry lame Charlie Sheen pop culture reference) anyway, it had a faint sweet taste on it which i really like, the cheese was good, not too much sauce, and the pepperonis were very flavorful.  They were the small kind and they were just great.  The Salad was good, salad is salad, it's hard to mess that up.  We were helped by an awesome bartender/server named Chandler.  Cool guy, really nice, he kept us entertained.  We'll be back I want to try some kind of meatlovers next time we go there.
5	YUM!!!!!This was actually my 2nd time having their pizza, but the first time It was brought to me.  This time I went to DC Ranch Market Street to watch my friend's band Rock Lobster play.  We sat on the patio at Grimaldis so we could still watch the band.  Chandler, he was our server/bartender.  We had such good conversation with him.  He made us both feel like we were appreciated for being there and gave us the perfect amount of attention to make us feel special.  He was an amazing multi-tasker, he was able to hold up conversation with us, continuously pour drinks, enter orders in, give us amazing service, and get our food to us lightening fast even though they were slammed for the nights event.  This location is super far from my home, but because of Chandler, we would easily go back to this location when we want Grimaldis.Now for the food... We got a small pepperoni, which is not small.  I was pleasantly surprised when I saw the pizza come out.  I was thinking personal pan pizza size for 9$.  NOPE it was the size of what I would think was a medium.  Grimaldis uses some of the most amazing and fresh tomato sauce that just explodes with flavor.  Their cheese tastes like it was made in their kitchen from scratch.  The little pepperonis are so think and full of intense flavor.  I savored the pizza with every bite.  I am a pizza lover and they get an A+ for sure.I can't wait to go back and I recommend everyone check it out... really soon!
4	I'm a big pizza fan and Grimaldis offers some great pies! I like the DC ranch location more than others just because if feels more upscale than the rest (i also live 10min away). I've been here numerous times and have always tried something different. My favorite pizza was recommended by the waiter: meatball and ricotta cheese. I wouldn't have picked this on my own but boy was it delicious! The thin crust was baked just enough to where the crust was soft, chewy and a little crispy a the same time! Prices were a little high but you do get a good sized pizza. The salads were also great--my gf and I always split the greek salad. They always have a rotating selection of desert, we tried the blueberry cheesecake which was excellent. The only minus would be the lack of selection when it came to beer. I dont think they had anything on draft and only a small selection of bottled beer. One last tip, be sure to sign up for email club, you get a free pizza for your birthday!!
4	had the place to ourselves on a thurs nite (5/19) so...service great, mgr came over and asked if we had eaten here before "nope" so he said he wanted to buy dessert, "great, thank you" oreo cheesecake was good... now.... pizza...pricey by 2-4 bucks but was very good. can't go wrong with your toppings but the riccotta was not my cup of tea (wife liked it on her pizza). definetly going back to try it again... great crust
4	Nice comfortable family place. We had a very good cold antipasto followed at a custom designed pizza. We will return.
5	Born and raised in New York City, where the best pizza in the world is made.  I can honestly say I haven't had a pizza this good in 30 years, which is exactly how long I have lived in Arizona.
4	Best NY pizza in Arizona.
5	Awesome pizza and service.The crust is my favorite but the toppings are impressive as well.Try the white pizza or the calazone (light ricotta), you'll thank me later.
5	Yeah I have written reviews about Grimaldi's...still the best.  My favorite pizza of all time.best antipasto (spell check maybe much?) I have ever had.Love it. Love it. Love it.
5	If I want good pizza, I stay home and make pizza because honestly, no human hands can make pizza as good as me. I was classically trained by generations of my Italian family to make the best pizza ever. Its true. I'm a pizza God of sorts. And then there's Grimaldi's.Grimaldi's pizza is the closest thing to New York pizza as you can get. Thin crust, coal fired oven, minimal sauce...in short, the pizza that NY is famous for. Grimaldi's, I hate to say, is so good, it makes my pizza look and taste like it was made by a 6-year old in one of those Easy Bake Ovens. So if my pizza is off the hook and Grimaldi's makes mine taste like shark chum, well, that's the highest possible endorsement I can give a pizza place. Unless they have pole dancers, which they don't.
5	I have created the ULTIMATE pizza at this place and I am feeling generous enough to share my glorious toppings combination under one condition: you must refer to it as the 'King Sam' pizza....Don't believe it's that good? Your crazy, try it and then thank me later...The KING SAM:Any Pizza with these Toppings:-Pesto-Chicken-Garlic-Onion-Jalepeno** if you like hot pizza, put a dash of Tabasco on it for the final touch... wow. You are welcome...And Grimaldi's -- Keep up the good work, our company Sitevoice across Market Street are all big fans of the good food you produce time and time again.
5	Shared an excellent prpperoni and mushroom pizza with a friend here yesterday....it was very good!!
1	OMG....last night was a nightmare. We were (not) served by the most incompetent server,who was rivaled in his rudeness and seconded by the manager on duty.  Two drinks ordered were unavailable as there was none of the requested mixer( orange juice and 7up, or Sierra mist)We waited (me without a beverage) for 35 minutes for our pizza (they were not overly busy) at which point we enquired of the manager as to when it might be expected.  He disappeared and returned several mi urea later to inform us that it would take another 25 to 35 minutes. We left!.... avoid this restaurant. Grimaldis in Old Town, Scottsdale is fabulous.  Go there .   Had to give it 1 star, but it actually this particular store deserves zero.  Get a new manager and fire the bald waiter.
5	I hope to meet Patsy sometime! This pizza is the best...and sometimes I am hard pressed to say so since I am biased to Chicago's deep dish. Great pepperoni that is sliced nice and thick.....as a family we always enjoy the traditional pepperoni and also the calzones...nothing like that ricotta cheese! I don't think that there is a bad choice to be made here....your tasted buds will thank you! Have enjoyed this place many times, both DC Ranch and at the Qauter...you will not be disappointed!
3	I had a pesto pizza and house salad and my boyfriend had a calzone with two toppings. Though I do like the smokiness of the pizza crust I thought it was just a little too thin and was a little irked that my pesto and cheese didn't stay on, as in the pesto cheese was completely separate and off of the crust. I found the cheese to be a little too chewy without being thick (I like chewy THICK cheese on pizza), but my boyfriend thought it was good, so to each his own. My boyfriend's calzone looked large but didn't really have that much inside of it. I thought the calzone crust was a little flat, like it needed to be a little more light and bready. My large house salad was nicely large (like with a couple slices of pizza you can make a meal). The location of this pizzeria is adorable at night (lots of lights). I do have to say that if I'm getting pizza around here, I would rather get Barro's.
5	Solid pizza and my favorite in Phoenix by a landslide.Last night went for a work dinner and showed a few newbie Patsy eaters what real pizza should taste like. We had two pies one pesto and one regular and both were simply amazing like always.  I recommend always adding sun dried tomatoes to a pie it really adds to the sauce.  This location is great as well especially now with the holiday season they have lights up everywhere and it's just a nice experience.
4	Favorite pizza in Phoenix so far!
5	The best in Arizona  I used to live near the original in Brooklyn so I may be biased but it tastes the same. Go for mushroom and pepperoni or try the white pizza. Salads are also good.
5	What can I say?  I love Grimaldi's, and this is my 2nd favorite location in metro Phx, just behind the Chandler location.  The coal-fired, ultra-high-heat cooking method produces a pizza that's great in ways that are hard to describe, you just have to experience it firsthand.  Believe the hype - especially when it's coming from Brak - this is the real deal.
4	Love Grimaldi's for pizza and salads in DC Ranch. The restaurant is open and airy, but also looks like a New York Pizzeria, and is right off the beautiful park there. You get to order custom combination toppings like sun dried tomato and pesto (my personal favorite) for their wood fired pizzas. The salads are really good too, especially the Mediterranean and Antipasti. Very attentive service and staff. All around good place for a family night out.
4	Visiting Mom in Scottsdale, I was looking for a good slice of pizza.  Almost all of the places here are upscale, located in a very monied area; lots of vacationers, retirees, and seasonal residents, most of them well-to-do.The pizza is quite good; nice char on the thin, hand tossed crust, hearty sauce,  buffalo mozzarella, and fresh toppings.  It wasn't heavy, as  pizza can be sometimes; I was able to polish off a 12" pie all by myself.As well as pizza they have a selection of other Italian entrees, just like you might find at most any other establishments of this type.  I wouldn't mind trying them on another occasion, but most often when eating in places of this type it's the pizza that I go for, so it's the pizza that I will almost always order!  I have a feeling that the pattern would be repeated here as well, and that it might take several visits to this place before I try anything other than the pizza.  In this case it wouldn't be out of habit or due to behavior patterns, but because the pizza is enough of an attraction.  It's almost as good as Pizzeria Ortica in Costa Mesa.If you're looking for pizza in the AZ desert, you can't go wrong here.
4	First off, a whole star for having Layer Cake Primitivo. Second, a whole star for a carafe of Montepulciano d'Abruzzo for 15 bucks!!! Oh and yeah, the pizza was really good too! Apparently, they have a scientific way of replicating Brooklyn water to make the crust authentic. Whatever they are doing it is working. I was sad to see that no one was in the place on a gorgeous Sunday afternoon. We had the entire restaurant to ourselves but the music was great, think old school Frank and Dino, and the decor was complete with red checkered table cloths.  Please go to this location during the day, they totally need it and it is worth the have a "private serving."
1	We had a cheese and mushroom pizza. We order salads before the pizza and they showed up at our table 5 minutes after the pizza. I like a cheeze pizza where toppings cover the whole piece. The cheese covered only about half or 2/3 thirds of each piece and they were chintzy on the mushrooms The pizza is simply overprice. The manager apologize for the service and gave us an employee discount. I would not go back again unless someone picked up the tab.
4	We met some friends here for lunch during the week.  The location is like a resort--just beautiful.  The pizza was amazing, and it was a relaxing setting to catch up with old friends.  And I was delighted to see they have some locations in Texas--hooray!
2	Finally went here last night with my mother and tried the pizza. I, like the fool that i am, did not try the original Grimaldis under the Brooklyn Bridge in NY when I was there a few years back. I have heard great things about this place so we went. Nice room with a very nice patio. The place was packed on a Monday night at 7pm. We ordered the small pizza with sausage and pepperoni and a large Ceaser salad. The salad was good but nothing to write home about. Finally the pizza came and it looked nice and smelled very good. Sadly, after the first bite I realized the smell was the best part of this pizza. Rather tasteless. The crust was ok, the sausage really had very little flavor. We had Barros pizza a few nights before this and we both agreed we much preferred there's over Grimaldis. We finished and payed the rather overpriced bill and left. I will not be back. Service was excellent and the place was nice and in a nice area, but the food was nowhere near up to par.
2	Not bad pizza but the wait is way too long.  Would be nice if they could be more accommodating in that respect.  It would make the experience much more enjoyable!
2	No very impressed. Service wasn't great and the food took forever. I could tell the server knew we were unhappy and kept "overly trying" to help us and it ended up being annoying. We won't be back...
5	Wood fired pizza cooked to perfection. Thin crust, not burnt but caramelized brown, crunchy and flavorful. Your taste buds will delight, having their own little food orgy of sorts with the personal white with garlic. The house pinot noir is above average too. Now let's talk about why I rarely visit. DC Ranch seems to be littered with these really obnoxious creatures some people like to call 'children'. They're everywhere and it's enough to make you re-think your dreams of ever having a family. Try to have a nice conversation with your wife as some out-of-control bugger circles your table, looking up at the both of you with both arms raised as if he's some kind of tribal chief leading an attack on you both. This as his mom and dad seated at the next table look on with loving adoration. I suppose they're looking to see our reaction....validating their kid's cute factor or something. I hate that.Listen up DC Ranch thirty something's with 'children';                   YOUR KID ISN'T CUTE. HE'S ALARMING. Because after my third glass of wine and without notice, I go to scoot my chair back to make a restroom visit and knock Chief Circling Diapers to the floor while his parents, the people who only a moment ago held a look of  loving adoration, now hold a look of contemptuous hatred.Like it was my fault, right?Why couldn't you have simply left him strapped to his high-chair and ignored him like every other parent in there? No, you have to turn him loose so everyone can see his spastic, just-learned-to-walk dance moves. Maybe the kid will learn something from this. Maybe you'll learn something from this.Like how your kid is cute and all, but  how turning him loose on the other diners for a few "Oh..look how cute" compliments is going to send him down for the count faster than Mike Tyson in a Xanax funk.Order out next time, please?Arghhhh.
5	Having been a regular at the Old Town Grimaldi's since 2006, when Erica Davis became the Manager at DC Ranch we made sure that we visited there.  I love the way the DC Ranch Grimaldi's is laid out and the view on to the Park behind. Coupled with the air there in DC Ranch, the special water and the coal fired ovens their pizza is without a doubt the very best. .  Our last visit was on the 4th of July.  I'm sure that my wife and I will visit many more times before the end of the year.  Let's see there's a birthday in August.
4	I was sick when I ate some take out pizza, but at that it was good.  I wish my taste buds where working better.  It was a solid pizza, no complaints.
5	I love their pizza!!! The sauce is the best in town.  I order just the pepperoni with extra sauce and extra crispy.  I have been there a dozen times and have NEVER been disappointed. The service is attentive and knowledgeable
5	Excellent pizza.  I had it twice in two weeks in fact  :)Friendly staff, quick food and the pizza was very delicious.  My second pizza was a Pepperoni and Ricotta and  the Ricotta was put on a little thick for my taste, but overall was still very, very good. I also ask for it to be a little crispy as well, which I liked more.
4	Really enjoyed this place. Kinda pricy for pizza but we expected it given the location. We got half pepperoni and half ham/fresh tomatoes along with a garden salad. The garden salad fed 4 easily. I really enjoyed the cruft and the meat toppings were really good. It appeared they had alternate and sauce choices, but we just went old fashioned.  The pizza was very good- especially the crust. Service was very friendly and natural. The niceness seemed natural and not forced for a tip. Atmosphere was also great and, in an area that doesn't necessarily seem to welcoming for children, we appreciated their attentiveness towards ours.
4	Excellent pizza - cooked to order. You create your pizza the way you like it. Great casual atmosphere ! I have been here several times and have always been impressed! Reasonably priced , highly recommended!
5	This pizza is stellar. As a Chicagoan I always thought thin crust pizza was inferior to deep dish until I ate here.
3	Pricey, but good.  I would have wanted the service to be a bit more attentive. The small pizza would be a large in other places.  You won't find too many veggies to add to your pizza at this place, you better be a carnivore.  It had been since May 2010 since we were here last, and probably won't be in our normal rotation as it was $60 for dinner, with no alcohol.   It was good, but too pricey.
2	Be forewarned:  the food is alright but this place is like freaking  Romper Room with spoiled North Scottsdale brats running the joint!  It is really no better then the McDonalds kiddie jungle gym with one exception... I have never found a dirty diaper tucked into the corner here.
4	I've discovered that I am a FIEND for wood- or brick-fired oven pizza...just LOVE the thin, crispy, sometimes slighty charred crust that is created as a result of this process. And I have to credit my recent trip to Grimaldi's for this self revelation. Thank you!We had a hankering for some pizza while on our trip to the Scottsdale/Phoenix area. Our aunt assured us that one of THE best places to nosh on some authentic, Brooklyn-based pizza was the original Grimaldi's location in DC Ranch (not the newer location). Our hungry party of four arrived at Grimaldi's at 6:45pm on a lovely Saturday evening, and were informed it would be a half-hour wait, which to me was quite reasonable for a payday-weekend-Saturday night. After walking around DC Ranch for a bit to kill time, we got back and only had to wait about another 10 minutes (because we didn't want to sit at a high top table, which ended up being a bad call, but I'll get to that later), which was kinda torture because this place smells soooooo good and we were STARVING!All told, the food was amazingly good with huge portions! Our small antipasto salad was great, as was our aunt/uncle's "small" mediterranean salad. The "small" pizza was delicious, as was the "small" calzone that Hubby and I split. I also enjoyed their passion fruit iced tea.Two last things:1. We got seated at a table in the back corner of the restaurant, which in itself wasn't bad, but it was right next to an exit door and very rude families with kids kept going in and out the damn door. Let's just say our aunt put a stop to that!2. Our server Joe was excellent! Kept the drinks refilled and cleared the table in a very timely manner. He also commiserated with us having families with loud, uncontrolled kids being seated at the tables next to us. UGH!! That's where we should have taken that high-top table in the bar/adults only area at the front of the restaurant! Oh well, live and learn, right?!I loved this place, and can't wait to go back and eat there when we visit our aunt/uncle again. :)
5	I have been hearing about Girmaldi's ever since my friend moved out to Arizona.  Last time she was in California she even brought me a menu.  The menu looked really simple but being a pizza lover I knew I could create a masterpiece.  We went in around 5 pm and the place was starting to fill up.  We were sat right away and our waitress Crystal greeted us promptly.  She shared a little about the menu and immediately got our drink orders.  Our friends ordered beers and we had white wine.  Before the bartender could even pour the drinks Crystal had waters for everyone at our table.  She also took our order as soon as we were ready as it was starting to really fill up and she knew we were hungry.When the pizza's arrived we realized they were huge.  Three of us got personal pizzas and our other two friends shared a small.  There was so much food that we were all able to share.  I ordered a personal pizza with red sauce, garlic, pepperoni, and mushrooms.  The sauce was so fresh and the crust was amazing (the crust is my favorite part).  All of the ingredients were great! It was also neat to watch the cooks toss the dough around. For dessert we shared tiramisu and Oreo cheesecake. Both were amazing.  I cannot wait to go back to Arizona and have some more delicious pizza.  Wish they had a few in California.
5	This place was fantastic. They where short a server, but the manager was out in the dinning room helping out. It was my boyfriend's and I first time there and they made sure to make us feel super welcomed. The food was fantastic, the service was just as good, and the dinning room was very comfortable. I am defiantly going back!
1	I have been to both other Grimaldi's locations in Scottsdale and I have no complaints. We decided to make reservations for mother's day because my mom loves Grimaldi's. The "waiting area" is more like a closet space. We had reservations and still waited fifteen minutes to be seated although there were at least 20 visible open tables. . We ordered a salad to start which was decent...but very small, and then we ordered a pretty standard half pepperoni and half cheese pizza and waited, waited some more, and waited even longer. Forty five minutes later (after everyone around us had been served) my dad grabbed a manager. He said he'd check on it and within three minutes our "pizza" was brought to us. The crust was stiffer than cardboard and I could have cooked a better tasting frozen pizza in my oven. We grabbed the manager and explained to him that the pizza was definitely not up to Grimaldi's standards.....he told us the oven was broken and that it normally runs at about 1200 degrees but tonight it was running at 500. My family and I are pretty laid back and understanding and we get that things are going to break or not work properly and the manager did comp us our pizza which was cool.  This location was confusing, seemed to be run by eighteen year olds, took FOREVER and this was definitely not a typical Grimaldi's experience. I understand things do happen and things break but between the poor service, horrible pizza, length of time we waited and the lack of "hustle" to serve us our food......we will definitely be sticking to the Scottsdale Quarter and Old town locations. And to top off the evening, myself, my brother in law and my mom all got sick.
4	Our family ate there over Spring Break, 2013.  Great location in an upscale shopping area.  The best pesto pizza ever.  Everything wonderful, except the A/C was broken.  I was sitting next to the thermostat, so the manager talked to me.  Very nice and she gave us a free dessert.  I recommend.
4	This has become my favorite "chain" pizza, by far. The brick oven is not hype -- it makes a difference. Consistent, high quality, clean, and great service. The pizza has tons of flavor with a wide variety of options.That said, I could not disagree more with the review that compared this to Bianco. Grimaldi's isn't even in the same league as Bianco, but I would not expect them to be. And, Grimaldi's has the advantage of not having to wait 2 hours for a table.....
5	After a non-typical Grimaldi's experience, the manager tracked me down from my yelp review and sent us a gift card. My family and I returned to celebrate a birthday and we were all blown away. COMPLETE turn around from our first experience. Our waitress, Sara was attentive, quick, and friendly. Our food came out quickly, fresh and delicious! I appreciate the initiative that was taken by the manager to ensure a second visit back and we will FOR SURE be back to this location again! YUM!
3	Not sure what all the hype is about this place. It was mediocre pizza. I like the place but not sure I would go back there for pizza. I thought Oreganos was a much tastier pie and even better setting. I was a bit shocked they didn't have BBQ chicken pizza on their menu, just very standard toppings on a thin crust that could have been tastier. The place wasn't nearly full yet there was quite a wait for a seat.
5	Very good pizza although pricier than most.
5	oh no words here! the place is great for all occasions. the food amazing. we come here for lunch at least once a week. excellent!!!
4	Really like Grimaldi's when I am craving for some New York coal fired brick oven Pizza. It definitely has it's own unique taste and is a treat. Yummo.Been to a few of their other locations and each one is slightly different inside and out. This one has a nice covered patio when you are in the mood for partying outside.Normally get there when they open and go with a 16" Sausage, Pepperoni and Shrooms. Seen a version of a Pesto Pizza brought to the table next to me and it looked and smelled awesome. I'm getting hungry just writing this review.Very friendly and prompt service during the lunch hour. What I like most is they will bring you extra shakers to spike up your NY pie. Some extra garlic, parmesan cheese, a good sprinkle of oregano and a large amount crushed chili peppers gets me jumping. Nice!This location is in the top secret DC Ranch. I say top secret because it is tricky even seeing it from the street. Good thing we know friends that live nearby and take us to other restaurants in THE RANCH. Use your GPS if it helps. GIDDY UP!
5	I crave their crispy, thin crust pizza! It always tastes fresh, including the mozz! Today, the waitress remembered our order and didn't wait to bring us our drinks when she saw us come in! Nice!
2	This was my second, and last trip to Grimaldi's. It's easy to overlook things when you get a good meal, when the food is bad the rest of the experience is bad too. Walking in the door the kitchen looks like a high school cafeteria prep station. Kids slapping one item on pizza dough and sliding it to the next "child chef" on the assembly line. The pizza is expensive. The dough ranges from $12-18 and the toppings are $2-5 each. We ordered ham and fresh tomatoes. The ham was cubed chunks of cooked ham like you might expect in an omelet, not on a pizza. The tomatoes we over ripe and wilted Romas that had been in a hot kitchen far to long. I guarantee you would be much happier with a Pizza Hut takeout and a bottle of gas station wine than you will be paying over $20 for a cafeteria quality pie.The place is noisy and crowded and the two birthday parties with a dozen girls running around the tables with junk from their loot bags did not add to the experience.There are so many better strip mall pizza places that don't cost near as much that deliver far better quality than Grimaldi's.
2	The pizza here is always good. But I am very disappointed in this location.  We arrived early before the rush, ordered a personal pan pizza and a salad and an hour later still no pizza or salad. When I say we got there before the rush was right, and now everyone that came in after us was already eating their pizzas... We asked the server what was up and he came back and told us that it would be another 12 or more minutes, we asked for the manager and she pretty much scoffed at us and made all kinds of excuses.  Unacceptable.  I have eaten at Grimaldi's several times and have NEVER had this kind of treatment.  The manager comped our pizza and gave us a $5.00 off coupon for next time, I will be hesitant to go back.  Obviously, the waiter didn't put our order in at all.  And when the pizza did finally arrive, it was a large, not a personal pizza size, so obviously they screwed up.  UGH!  So very disappointed.
3	Nothing special. $20 for a small pizza :-/ granted it was like 16-18", but it wasn't worth it.For context, we ordered takeout 25 minutes before closing on a Sunday. The service was decent. The buffalo chicken special was kind of gross. The place seems corporate.I'd try it again - might have been an off night / bad timing.
2	The oven broke, they didn't tell us until it took an hour for 2 pizzas. Then they acted like we should be lucky to eat there despite a terrible dining experience.  Definitely not worth it.
5	Ate here tonight, was sitting at the table next to another person who wrote a bad review.  The coals in their oven died out from over use, that's what happens when you are constantly moving pizzas in and out especially on a busy night.  The guys making the pizza's did a great job cranking out pies as fast as they could but you can only fit so many in the oven at 1 time.  The oven was not broken as another reviewer stated earlier.  She also stated that it took an hour for her two pizza's, funny, we ordered the same time as you, our pizza took 35 minutes and you received yours before we did.  I'm tired of people acting like it's the end of the world when your order takes a little longer than normal.  It's Friday night, the place is packed, you are there with friends and family, enjoy your time out together, or were you in a hurry to leave because your bratty son kept spilling his water and bumping into my wife's chair.  The server had informed us about the situation prior to our order just like she did to the other tables around us.  Pizza came out great as always and our server was very friendly and accommodating even when a 15 top of rowdy men were seated in her section.  For a corporate restaurant chain, the pizza is great.  1/2  carafe of wine and a large pizza our check was just over $30.  The location in DC ranch is beautiful, but you end up with snotty b!tches like the other reviewer tonight.  From what I recall she was in an 8 top with two children who couldn't stay in their seats, most of the time the entire party were on cell phones and nobody seemed to be conversing, I only saw 2 pizzas on your table along with 3 beers a salad and the rest glasses of water.  So as an 8 top, your check was probably around $60 which was  undoubtedly discounted after you made a scene complaining about how long it took.  I will definitely be back, the pizza is very good (much better than the Scottsdale quarter location), the staff is friendly, just sometimes the guests need to lighten up, if you wanted pizza in 30 minutes or less call dominoes.
5	I'm sold...  I'm smitten...  I'm all in...  I'm coming back for more...  I'm blown away...  I'm debating a return for dinner tomorrow night.  Ambiance = B+Atmosphere = ABar/Beverages = A-Food = A+Overall = APossibly the best pizza I've ever had.
5	I'm obsessed.  No seriously. I go a few times a month it's my favorite pizza. They always have great service. I've tried other pizza places here but Grimaldi's has my heart.
4	The pesto pizza is delish. Fresh ingredients.  One of my fav pizza places ever.
5	Always the best pizza!  Also love their house salad. We have gone there for years and will keep going as long as their pizza stays great.
4	Of the 3 locations oddly this one seems to be the busiest. Still excellent Pizza. Highly recommend for dining in or taking out. Great salads too. Love everything about this place. Anyone who says there is no good pizza in Scottsdale has never been to Grimaldi's.
5	Grimaldi's...Grimaldi's....Grimaldi's! I have to say that I have found a new love. This is probably the closest I have come to New York style down here...and I love my New York style pizza!   To start off with, YOU pick what sauce you want..which is a blessing because everyone is different. I like that you get to create your own pizza and not stuck to the normal toppings. I get irritated when I go out for pizza and have to pay extra to add toppings or remove them completely and create a whole new creation!   We went for the simple red sauce with sausage and mushrooms just to be safe. The sauce truly stands out! It is very simple, not overly sweet like a lot of chain pizza places. I loved the simplicity of it! The cheese was very good as well, higher quality than most. We loved it. Crust was perfect, sauce perfect, toppings perfect! I can't wait to go back and try the pesto with ricotta and spinach! We had the house salad and it was very good as well. We will most definitely be coming here often when we visit.    You know it is good when all of the people living in the townhouses close are walking over and getting to go.
4	The pizza is great and the service is really good too.  It does get busy there so be patient about possibly waiting for a table.
4	Excellent, this pizza does not disappoint. Quality is the same as the Brooklyn, NY location. Great service, beautiful location.
5	Great, great pizza!  Great crust, great sauce & real slices of mozzarella. Great service too for a late lunch today.
4	I just realized how a Grimaldi's Pizza is absent a puffy edge.I've never noticed this before. Mainly because I'm too busy gawking at all the bad plastic surgery forty somethings and their out-of-control kids. No complaints. The pizza is thin and flavorful, but the big rounded edge (cornicione) that's both chewy and crispy was missing, which led me to the conclusion that our pie resembled more of a flatbread than a traditional pizza.The other thing you won't find here is a traditional Napolitana pie. No sign of a Margherita anywhere on the menu. They do however offer additional basil for two bucks which will get you a reasonable facsimile.If you want a great pie, go to Naples. A good pie, Chris Bianco's Pizzeria Bianco in south Phoenix.And a pie that's light years above the chains and consistent as hell, Grimaldi's.So you're not going to get a big cornicione.Nor will you get a traditional Margherita.But, you will get a Saturday night, plastic surgery freakshow that'll make most men do a full body shiver, like after taking a pee.
5	The pizza here is DELICIOUS!  If New York style pizza is not your thing, this place probably isn't for you. But because of how good it is, you should probably try it anyway.  I am more a of Chicago style pizza girl myself.  But this place does NOT disappoint. This place has a nice atmosphere. A good place for kids; they give them crayons and serve apple juice.  During our week long stay here in Arizona, we've found that a lot of restaurants here in Arizona don't have apple juice.  The service is great.  They servers are friendly and really attentive. Our server was Casey, super nice!!!We ordered a pizza with red sauce, pepperoni and mushrooms.  Plain, I know.  But it was soooo good!  The mozzarella cheese was so fresh, and the sauce is perfect! The cheese and sauce definitely make the pizza.  For dessert, we ordered a Somoa Cheesecake, and a canoli.  Everything was just so good, we might have to come back before we go home to California!
5	Best pizza in the valley!  The main dining room gets crazy with kids in the evening, but the bar area and outside patio are great!  This location and Old Town are consistently good, but the Scottsdale Quarter location is hit or miss.Overall, love Grimaldis!
2	Been eating here every couple of months over last 2 years - BUT I'm afraid it will not continue.Quality of food is slowly heading downhill, and remember it is not cheap so value for money is becoming poor.Need to work out better timing for stoking the fire, no pizzas until 5-10pm - lots of customers did not even get out of their cars when they realized this was happening.The TV. In the bar area is terrible, evidently corporate will not fund a HDTV contract as they are not a sports bar.so if the Olympics, Super Bowl, world cups etc are on suggest finding a locale with more suitable facilities
5	Brian and his staff are hands down the BEST you can find anywhere! The food is always fresh, delicious, and served timely.  Everyone is polite, professional, and pleasant. The atmosphere is fun and upbeat like one would expect from a pizzeria. If your are looking for a 'go to' pizza place in N. Scottsdale, Brian and his staff will treat you right.Lance & Sammi
5	This is one of the best pizzas I have ever tasted. We are still talking about the pepperoni and sausage pizza we had. It was even great cold.
5	Oh Grimaldi's you never disappoint do you.  This was my first visit to the Grimaldi's located in DC Ranch.  I didn't expect anything different from this location.  The pizza was superb and the service was great.  Our waiter was almost too attentive to our needs at times, but I'm not sure if that's a bad thing.  The pizza came out very quickly within 10 minutes of placing the order.Pepperoni and Jalapeno all the way all day everyday!The location was a bit of a ghost town though.  There were a lot of "available for lease" buildings all over the place.  I'm not sure what happened, but it's a shame, because the location is great and has the potential.
5	Our favorite pizza in Scottsdale!!!!! Consistently great pizza, friendly staff, clean, cozy location.
4	Hmmmm, not bad! Lots of potential. The idea of a little fresh basil was a pleasant surprise. I'm all about brick oven pizza but mine was a little "well done" (burnt) and the crust was too too thin for the 3 toppings I had. I love love love NY Style pizza, this crust was super paper thin.
2	I have had dinner at this restaurant several times and did not find it particularly noteworthy. The pizza is not far above average, and the salads are pretty bland and common. I also do not find the service anywhere above ordinary. The atmosphere is pleasant and and it is near my home, so I continue to go there.
1	We love Grimaldis and have been going to their various locations for years!  However, this location in particular is possibly having issues with their water.  We ordered waters to drink, they tasted like metal, then the sauce on the pizza was very bitter.  We just dined at downtown Scottsdale Grimaldis last week and everything tasted so much better there!  So could be possible issues with their water and you can taste it in the  pizza...
5	My favorite place to get pizza. Fresh out of the oven, their pizzas taste like New York's finest! Not to mention their incredible cheesecake and appetizers. Great place for a night out or to take the kids. Perfect pizza every time!
5	This is our go to favorite take out pizza place! We love it! Our favorite is pepperoni , sausage, basil & fresh tomatoes! Their always quick and delicious !                   We've dined there a few times . Its beautiful out on the patio! We actually watched a wedding from there once! Service is excellent too
2	Ok so.. not shure the hype on this place.. Ordered white ricotta pizza that had I thin sun dried tomatoes -- OVERALLY Garlic I mean I am Italian and couldn't even take it had about half a slice that's all I could stomach. Overally olive oiled. I can tell you how to make a good pie. but not using any garlic or half that cause the other pizza we got was bland. We also ordered a meat trio esk pizza -- The sauce well what sauce I could find was dolloped on sort of like the ricotta cheese on the other pizza, leaving gaps on non sauced areas near the crust making the crust actually taste burnt rather then tasting fresh. I was actually quite disappointed to be honest. The white pizza was meh. also the pizza sauce itself had no flavor lacking salt, even Italian Seasonings. I hope they see this. 40 something bill
4	I was grateful that the manager, Jose, was so accommodating for my business. Our employees love the pizza here.
3	Food and atmosphere are both good, but this location (DC Ranch) has some fundamental problems with it's service.  It is very disorganized and there is poor communication among the staff.   Tonight there was preferential treatment given to another party ( I think money exchanged hands previously, or it was just a very awkward handshake I witnessed ), which caused my party to wait longer.  It was embarrassing when we were escorted to the table that was sat with the party who came in after was and we were told we had to keep waiting.  It was obvious what had happened.  The manager handled the situation the best he could but the entire ordeal was frustrating and uncomfortable.
5	Stopped in for a dinner reservation with some friends. First thing I noticed was the pizza. It's setup right in front of you so you can visually see how your meal is being made, that was fantastic. So we were settled immediately and our drink orders where taken, this is the kind of service I look forward to when I'm going out. The service was impeccable I was thoroughly impressed. Definitely somewhere I'd like to go again and I would recommend. 5 stars!
3	Pro: Pizza is delicious. Con: Pizza is expensive. I ain't gonna lie - I like my pizza fancy. Throw some artichokes, Kalamata olives, mushrooms, spinach, chicken, maybe even some bacon, and I'm in heaven. However, most pizza joints only offer the "classics". If you want a custom pizza, you've got to tack on $1-2 per item. That turns a moderately priced pizza into a $30+ monstrosity. We paid $32 for the pizza described above. My husband called and placed the order one night. I then drove to pick it up. The restaurant was packed and I had trouble finding the "to-go" area. Apparently, they have two entrances - which I was unaware of. The lesser known entrance is on the side, near the patio chairs. When you enter this way, you are at the to-go area. Since I came in the other door, I was able to view the entire restaurant. It was dimly lit, with classic red/white checkered table cloths. Customers seemed to be enjoying their pizzas and I was eager to take mine home. Once home, my husband and I dug into our expensive pizza. It was tasty and we ate the entire pizza. (It was a small...) While I did like the pizza, I can get the same pizza at other joints for less.
4	Pretty good pizza, huge pies, generous toppings - yum.J and i had the garlic sauce pizza with artichokes, sun dried tomatoes, our friends had sun dried tomatoes with ricotta and red sauce.  both were very good.  Shared a house salad that easily could feed 3 people.  Cute place!
3	Great pizza + Pretty good service + Bad tableI'm an admitted fan of Grimaldi's.  They have the best white pizza with garlic I've ever had, even better with some Italian sausage added.This location is in the DC Ranch area with a number of good eateries. We were there for some family photos as it's a five spot for many photographers.  We planned on dinner afterward.The restaurant arrangement is more close and intimate than the Peoria location. The waitress was very nice, albeit slow and leaving us stranded for drink refills.  Food was excellent and on target with the Grimaldi menu-- excellent pizza and the seasonal cheesecake is always a hit.One knock on the experience was our table was near the rear door.  A family with lots of kids was using it as an exit to play in the park area nearby.  In and out.  In and out.  After about 30 minutes, the temperature had dropped to the low-60s, making our little ones (and food) cold. The waitress didn't notice or help and I had to talk to one of the parents to see if the group of kids could traverse less often and be gentler with the door since it was two feet from our baby's high chair.As long as you don't get that table and you get a person who checks on you, I'm sure this Grimaldi's will be great.  I'm giving them three stars instead of two on faith since we usually have great experiences at the chain.
5	One of my favorite spots. Excellent Pizza. They use fresh mozzarella, makes it so it's not super greasy. I love the casual outside seating near the park.
5	Yum! Love the white pizza, pepperoni with basil and ricotta, and the sausage with roasted peppers. Fresh and delicious!
4	Fresh mozzarella, garlic and basil and a glass of vino-excellent. Great and quick service.
