1	Greedy monks. All I can sayRequires a minimum of $50 per person for "donations." On major holidays they won't even supply plates and utensils for the people to eat the food. They YELL at you. I grabbed a paper plate from somewhere and this woman snatched it back and gave me a stink eye. Monks are always seen at casinos gambling. I used to work at Coach Inc. (purse store) they would go in and shop all the time. Now I saw them at apple buying 2 iPads with our donation money. Screw this corrupt place and their corrupted monks. They don't even follow the rules of Buddhism. This place is a joke.
4	One of the few openly known chinese buddhist temples in the city. I come here annually on Chinese New Year's Eve for the "first incense" of the year. For those who don't know what that means, people around the world, mainly in Asian countries, will line up like its Black Friday, with overly large incense, to be the first one to set their incense in the cauldron? pot? thing? It is said to give them the best during the year. I've watched videos of it for the popular temple in Hong Kong, at Wong Tai Sin Temple. WOW some people are holding spears (incense) as tall as 6' each. Anyway, this temple has been here for as long as I can remember. I've been in Vegas since '93. So, pretty good ! Every CNY Eve, they will hold a special ceremony starting at around 11pm, praying the various gods and entities. After a long ceremony of "i dont know what you are saying"... (lol im chinese but my mando is eh.. especially worse in the religion area). The "leader" will take everyone around the temple. At the end, the leader will say various blessings for everyone, and pass out red envelopes. I'm not sure if they did this before, but apparently different red envelopes have a different saying in the back. Luck of the draw, don't look ! Random pick is best ! This year, the leader gave people of the year of the horse, and rat a special charm as well. Previous years, at the end of the ceremony, they gave out a small serving of sweet dumplings (tong yeun) for attendee's to eat. Donations are greatly appreciated. Their donation box moves around. May need to ask where it is. You can also get incense to light at the front of the temple (3 per person) to pray quickly towards the statues inside the temple, then go outside and pray, then put into the incense cauldron/pot/thing. Bow 3 times per area, using both hands to hold, and put it in with your left hand.
5	Very beautiful and nice temple. It is small but good for practicing buddhism. I like it here. It is affiliated with Fo Guan Shan. I like it here. I came here for the first time when I visited Vegas and I was looking for a buddhist temple. I ended up joining their Sunday service and I actually had a very good time. I am buddhist regardless what the world is. I like Buddhism so this is my faith and religion. I believe Jesus is a buddha or a boddhistiva or a ruler of one of the thirty three heaven. He can't be the one that Satan GOD send to earth to teach people good things. I know some buddhist believe it but I remember my original buddhist teaching and also why would Doctor Sun Yat Sun believe in Jesus.
