4	I visited Thai Noodles with a friend, because it seemed like the most interesting restaurant immediately around the IMAX theater. The restaurant is small and a little sparse, with fewer than ten tables. It's clear that their main business is takeout. I can't comment on most of the menu, although the special looked good. All I ordered was a pad thai and tea. But the pad thai was one of the most flavorful, delicious and inexpensive I've had in Madison. For that alone, I know I'll be back.
5	The best crab rangoon I have ever had!!!   Having lived in SF, NY, LA, and Chicago I asked the waitress how the crab rangoon was and she replied without hesitation "it's the best in the city."  I have to agree and we recommended it to the other two tables dining in the restaurant.  The first table declined the recommendation and the second table ordered it and agreed it was world-class.  The first table eventually decided to order the crab rangoon after the reaction of the second table convinced him it was worth trying! Service was friendly and prompt and I would strongly recommend this place for a good quick meal or take out.  Agreed that the interior could use a bit more flavor but the food, price and service were more than enough to earn my repeat business.
2	After reading all of these reviews, I was really excited for my Thai Noodles experience.  We ordered takeout, I got pad thai and the boy got curry.  We also got tofu eggrolls and spring rolls.The standout item was the eggrolls...The pad thai was nothing special, I have definately had better in Madison and the curry was nothing to write home about either... It was very watery and lacking any flavor... there was no standout spice or curry flavor and the pad thai was very sticky and seemed over cooked.
3	We love their curry dishes and the deep fried fish is very good.  The tofu wasn't very good nor was the crab rangoon.  There is not a lot of room to eat here.  It is a great take out place and good Thai food.
5	I've never been so impressed with a Thai restaurant. This place has got it going on. I absolutely LOVE the Pho. I could eat it everyday. The service is great. Everyone that works there is really nice. It can get busy at lunch time and you might need to wait, but its worth it!
4	I'm no expert on Thai food, but I know what I like. The pad Thai here is really good. The service was friendly and quick. I'll come back for sure!
4	This is my first trip here in Madison and this is one of the places which my coworker recommended for Thai food. First time I came here I tried the pad thai and it was delicious. Not as "saucey" as I am used to but I love it. The second time I had lunch here my recommended the red curry with catfish. I havent eaten that much curry dishes but I like this one. I love the thai iced tea...I would definitely come back if Im in town.
2	We' live nearby so have frequented Thai Noodles often as it's quick to pick up. The only two things we've liked so far is the Panang, but we had that again last night and it was bland. That's the story really, their food lacks any flavor, to the point where it truly is just bland.I think we are done with this place. It is unfortunate.Kissy and Jack
4	We have been back a number of times and some of the dishes are very good.   The deep fried fish, I forget the name, is excellent.     The atmosphere of the place is not very inviting.  It's ok if you want to eat in but for carry out they are very good.
4	Good food, looooooongggggg wait.   I don't mind waiting a while longer for good food but they were really way behind recently.    Waited 40-50 min for my food.  Expected to have to wait only 20.  They told me the wait would be 30 min after I paid for my "to go" order.   The food was terrific but this is now the second time I have had to wait a long long time.  It would have been better had they given me a better estimate on the long wait.  I would have gone for some things I needed down the street and then come back.I have to raise them back up a star.  Went back recently because I felt the wait was worth it.   I have been eating at other Asian restaurants recently with mixed results and boy did it stand out when I got my most recent order from Thai Noodles.   The food was awesome and everything was super fresh and delicious.   On top of this my order was ready in a very timely manner so I couldn't be more pleased.   Thanks Tai Noodles, the food was wonderful.OMG!  The pho was awesome!
4	I really like the food here - eat here at least a few times a year during lunch from work.  The waits can be a little long but, I've never experienced anything extreme or excessive.  They do have a small kitchen so if you go on a busy day, or they have a lot of take out orders, it can be more of a wait.
1	Probably the blandest Thai food I've ever had.  In the drunken noodle, for example, not only was the dish literally drowned in sauce (soupy, thin sauce at that, and I had to fish for every piece of vegetable, noodle, or chicken), but the noodles were stuck together and thin.  Entirely unsatisfying.  The server was nice, and the place was clean, but based purely on food, I'd recommend the Subway next door.
5	I want to point out that this is really a take-out place, not a fine-dining experience. Although the food is great, the ambiance just isn't there. And I'm totally OK with that.Hubs is a big fan of the duck and squash curries, while I'm a fan of the green curry (Gan Kiew Wan) and Pad Thai. I'd also like to give an A+ to the Thai Iced Tea. I personally like my Thai food thicker, not runnier, and since this place opened, I've noticed that the level of spiciness has been tapered down. This place is owned by a family from Thailand and I'm guessing they learned that Americans generally have rather bland tastebuds. You have to speak up if you want the spice. I'm totally OK with that.We have been eating here every 1 1/2 months since it opened. We ate in the restaurant twice, and now we do take-out exclusively. It's because the front door opens right into the one room, so if you're dining in on a cold day, you'll constantly be chilled by jerks like me walking in and out for their take-out. And if you have to use the bathroom, that door opens right into the dining room, with zero privacy. It's a bit awkward, especially if someone's digestive system is trying to mutiny halfway through dinner. If I'm eating in a restaurant, I'd rather not feel a cold draft every few minutes from the front door. I'd also rather not smell someone's post-dump odor clinging to them as they walk past my table. So we do takeout. We have never waited much longer than 25 minutes for our food, because we don't order at peak meal times, and I'm totally OK with that too.If you're considering this place for a romantic date, follow this plan: Walk in, order from the menu. Let them know how spicy you want your food. Walk next door to Barrique's and spend twenty minutes to pick out a nice bottle of wine that will compliment your meal. Get a dessert to share. If you need to use the bathroom, use theirs. It's prettier. Walk back over to Thai Noodle to get your takeout. Take your date back to your place (or theirs), and one of you can uncork the wine and light some candles while the other plates the food. After that, the rest is up to you. I'm totally OK with that.
4	since we share the same ethnic background as the owners of this place, i can make a lot of these foods on my own at home. that being said, when i'm not in the mood to make thai food from scratch, we always go here. i don't mind the seating arrangement of the place since it reminds me of the places in thailand that have awesome food, but are probably way dirtier. whenever they ask us how spicy we want it, we have to say we want it southeast asian spicy so there's a kick to the food, like how we'd make it at home! the following are all good dishes in my opinion: duck curry, pad thai, papaya salad, sticky rice, pad z you, and chicken masamun.  i don't remember having other dishes, but all of these are good and filling. definitely worth checking out for some quick and cheap thai food.
5	Remember this is 5 stars by Madison standards, not by Chicago standards.So, I really like the fried rice, the panang, and other coconut style curries, nothing here is bad so far, just some are better than others. Satay works for me, as do triangle curry appetizers. Tried some of others, and once again not bad, just not good enough for me to get over and over again.If you want decent Thai in Madison this is a great place to go, we always carry out, it's more of joint than a restaurant.
3	I've only tried three dishes off of their menu. The spring rolls (Iceberg Lettuce, not much flavor, terrible dipping sauce), the Tofu Pad Thai (good taste, lots to eat, limited flavor), and the Khewtiew (Pho) Pork (tasty broth, not much pork, lots to eat, spicy). Nothing wowed me, but I will be back to try more of the curries, drunken noodles, and pad Thai.Overall, reasonably good Thai food. Not a place to dine-in at. (Service was clunky and felt like a burden.) Certainly not the best Thai food I've had in Madison, but close to work.
4	I have loved Thai Noodles since the very first time I walked in.  I am now a big pho fan and I love that I can get my level of spicy, yes I know it's dumbed down american, "just a little more spicy" but it works for me and they can make it happen.I have eaten the pho, the fried rice, jungle curry (and many others) and the create your own curry, all of which have been fantastic.  The service is liken to a greasy spoon in a small town.  It's nice, friendly and gracious, food is made to order and they are able to recommend things based on previous visits.  Oh and they remember who you are.    I follow/like them on FB and they announce specials and features.  I love the dinner for 2 special that they run from time to time.  There is competition in this Curry space here in Madison, but I think Thai Noodles takes the prize!Thanks for being so great!
4	Entire family loves the food here.  Have tried a number of the curries and have not been disappointed.  Fried rice and drunken noodles are both excellent as are many of the appetizers.  We do take out here, would not be able to eat as a family nor would we want to...  must be meant to be take out.  The only trouble we have is that we always order so much food because everybody wants some of everything.
4	I always think - there must be MSG or some other delicious carcinogen in here to make it so good. And then I think - oh well, it's worth it.
3	I have very mixed feelings about this place. When we walked in at first, I was almost positive that we had gotten the wrong address - even though the sign in front obviously said "Thai Noodle" - because the place looks nothing at all like a restaurant. It is literally an empty room with a few fold-up chairs/tables strewn around, a fridge in one corner, and the cash register at the other corner. Seriously, this place is NOT AT ALL an eat-in restaurant, and I think they would serve themselves better if they were to advertise themselves as solely a catering/take-out service. Also, I took a peek into the back "kitchen", and I honestly wasn't sure where the cooking was being done. All I saw was a really dark, dirty looking room filled with empty vegetable boxes - plus maybe a glimpse of the one, lone cook in a white jacket. Hygiene, anyone?Still, they had decent reviews from yelp and other websites, so I decided I'd give it a try. My friend ordered a chicken/rice dish and I ordered a padthai (my go-to thai dish), and it took us about 15 minutes to get the food. My friend's chicken rice was delicious, but I thought my padthai was at most average. The noodles were a little overcooked and broken up into little pieces, which made it difficult to eat. Otherwise, nothing really stands out about the dish, although lemon juice helped brighten up the flavor.  I may try a few other dishes from Thai Noodle in the future, but I think Noodles&Company's pad thai is the clear winner on this side of Madison.One redeeming factor: they have a bowl of DELICIOUS guava candy sitting at the cash register stand. I would have dumped the whole bowl of candy into my takeout bag if no one had been watching...
5	I love Thai Noodles. My favorite items: Triangle Curry: Rich, flavorful and packed with ingredients. Crab Rangoon, which is actually triangle rangoon. Its very full with filling and sweet. I love them. Spring rolls (raw): I really enjoy this type of food. The rolls always taste fresh and are packed with cilantro, rice noodles and thai roasted pork. SO good! Roasted Duck Curry: Its a (very) sweet red curry but its delicious. Packed with flavors, its easily one of their best dishes and comes out perfectly every time. Jungle/Squash/Make your own red curry: I love thai curries. I love that they're sweet, rich and filling. Thai noodles' curries, I think, are much better than other Thai places in the area. I've never had a bad meal here. I think its a great place to branch off into a different cuisine. The portions are big and the people are friendly. I really like that I can see into the back where the parents are cooking (its a family restaurant) and they have a big cart laden with spice dishes. SO cool!
1	This place for whatever reason has glowing reviews and unfortunately I was sucked in by them.  I ordered take-out from here today based on the reviews and I have to say this is hands down the worst Thai food I have ever had.  I ordered the squash curry which sounded great on the menu.  It comes with squash, yams, bamboo shoots and peppers which generally is a recipe for a delicious dinner but trust me my friend it certainly is not.  When I got my food home I was very excited because I noticed how large the portions were and it smelled amazing!  Upon closer inspection however I noticed the separation in the curry which I don't think I have ever noticed as much in other curry dishes.  I prepared my plate and took my first bite and hated it.  The dish lacks flavor and was very runny.  The chicken was okay but everything else was just dreadful.  Even the rice that came with the dish seemed to not have enough salt or something.  On another note when I walked in their was a board with specials on the menu.  Once of the specials was sausage fried rice but there was a dog drawn next to the name of the dish.  This struck me as weird to say the least!I wish I was able to give this place a better review as it is so close to my place and I'd like to have a great Thai place nearby but this place did not pass the mark.   Others have commented on how authentic this place is but I beg to differ, a lot!  If this is authentic then I'd take inauthentic any day!
1	I came here with friends and it was quite uninspiring.  All other factors aside, the food was pretty underwhelming.  Of all the Thai places I've been in Madison, this is by far the worst.  It was bland, soupy, and sparse.  The drunken noodle dish, for example, was drowned in watery sauce, so much so that each ingredient of it had to be fished out of what was basically an overly salty broth.  Other dishes that I tried were also all either inundated by liquid or completely oversalted (drowning all other flavors, if there even were any other flavors to begin with).I wish that I could rate it even 2 stars, because it looks like it's family run and they try hard, but the food was definitely not worth it.
3	Hole in the wall is a pretty adequate description of this place.  Don't expect atmosphere if you are eating in.  I order take out from here quite regularly as I am a fan of the Pad Thai.  The portions are generous, and I like that the chicken pad thai also has pieces of tofu in it.  The summer rolls are good, and the crab rangoons are a little unique but delicious.Overall, I prefer Curry in the Box for thai food in Fitchburg, but this place is worth a try.  Order your food for takeout, open a bottle of Chardonnay, and you've got yourself a decent meal in.
5	Enjoyed the Pad Thai, Rangoon and Rolls.
5	I was visiting Madison for a family wedding and we were heading to Subway to pick up some lunch.  As we pulled up, I noticed Thai Noodles but didn't want to leave the family since we literally just landed.  Thankfully, my father-in-law shocked me by offering to dine with me while everyone else went to Subway.I love asian food.  I cook it all the time.  When we go out to eat, it is usually asian.  I am not easily impressed.  The menu was smaller than what I am used to, but I would rather have a few great options than many okay ones.  If a Thai place can't even make pad thai right, move on.  Thankufully, Thai Noodles got it right on the money.  Great value, great food, and wonderful service.  We ate at a few other asian places while in the Greater Madison area, and none of them compared.
5	Looking at it, you wouldn't think this place would be so great.1) Food is very tasty, clean and healthy.2) Service is phenomenal.I got curry catfish and vegetables.  I'm also very happy they don't serve any alcohol.
1	If you have ever eaten Thai food anywhere else- say, the West coast, you will know what it is supposed to taste like. NOT like this. Sadly this is the worst Thai food I have ever had: the worst.We were sucked in by the 4 star review and went with high hopes.Pad see ew was bland and boring.Yum pla muk - the seafood salad was so over Fish sauced as to be almost inedible. and no lettuce, just cucumbers.Pad prik mao(?) with beef was barely OK and boring.The service was friendly. The place seemed clean.No booze.
4	As the vegan in the room (looks around to see whose with me), it's always a challenge to find GOOD vegan spots so whenever I'm visiting I have to rely on YELP quite a bit. Anyway, YELPING about this place. Loved it. Tofu Pad Thai is my fav!!! I'm going back for lunch today so I can try a rice dish.  #teamThainoodlesforever ;-)
3	Anyone claiming this is the best Thai food in Madison definitely has NOT been to Suwanasak, or they know nothing about Thai food, period.I got the musaman curry, which was fine--spice level was nonexistent, despite asking for some heat. It also lacked the traditional peanutty backbone a musaman curry is supposed to have. Other than that, it was good. We had to ask for the side spices--which are usually on the table--and that helped the heat.Anyways, in short: it was fine/good, but nothing special. Places like Thai Noodles make me feel the need to revisit my ratings system--this was fine (hence the 3 stars), but if Ayada (Queens) was given 4, where does it end?! This place has nothing on the now-defunct Asian One or clearly superior Suwanasak. Would I go back? Eh, maybe, but not with Suwanasak present in Madison.
5	I love this cosy, little restaurant and love to grab take out here. Their spring rolls are so fresh and are yummy - definitely the best I have ever had. My husband and I love the pho and curries. I wouldn't recommend eating in the restaurant during the lunch/dinner rush because they are very popular and it will take longer to get served. Although this place is small and is mainly for takeout, my husband and I stop by on movie dates and I have taken small groups of people here and the service is always super friendly.
4	Traveling on business, this place was a pleasant surprise. Low on atmosphere but really good food. The fresh spring rolls were excellent.
5	I've been eating at this little gem for over a year now. It's a small place with  5 or 6 tables. Family owned and operated. Stellar service, but what really keeps me going back over and over again is the food. I've traveled through their menu almost completely . This coming from a man that always eats the same thing when I find something good. I've had everyone of the delicious Thai curries. I dream about them . The pad Thai.. 5 stars. The rice and seafood dishes are wonderful. Do yourself a favor and ask for the garlic chili condiment they serve in the little silver bowls. I put it on everything. I can't get enough.
4	Great shrimp rolls and Thai iced tea. The waitress is a joy. The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way. The only reason we didn't give 5 stars was because of the take-out ambience. Great for take-out, bad for eat-in. Great value.
3	Arrived at 7:00pm on Saturday, 1/11/14.+ Very tiny dining area - maybe 4-5 tables at the most+ Managed to score a small two-top table with minimal wait- No waiting area; just a lone chair along a wall on the opposite end from where the cash register/host hang out is- Awkward to walk in, walk to the back of the restaurant to ask for a table or pick-up a carry out order- Very spartan interior- Host also served as our waiter; wasn't very personable or friendly. "You ready?" "You know what you want?" "Anything else?" were literally the three things he said to us the entire time. + Papaya salad was very fresh, with a nice hint of heat to it- The salad had waaaaaay too much fish sauce; very, very, very briny tasting+ Hot ginger tea?!!! Sign me up!!!- The tea was sweetened. I couldn't drink it - tasted like pure sugar.+ Panang chicken curry was quite tasty - very fragrant, flavorful, and HOT. I ordered it "Fire" hot, and it had a superb heat. Steamed veggies tasted excellent in the curry.+ The S1 soup was full-flavored and bursting with mushrooms and chicken+ Prices were fairI'm not a Thai expert, but felt the food was worth 3.5-4 stars, overall. The only disappointment was the papaya salad - a little less briny flavor would've made for a great dish. The service fell flat... just felt like we were nothing but a major inconvenience for being there.
5	Solid curry.  Apps are delicious.  Take outs usually take about 20 minutes, but Ive been a repeat customer for over 20 times and have always been happy with my meal.  Will continue to go back.
4	These guys were going through a remodel the last time I went so as far as in dining experience... there was none. We ordered ahead of time and brought it home with us. The Pad Thai was a little dry and full of flavor. The crab Rangoon was very tasty. It was uniquely shaped like a triangle and had a lot of filling and less breading. Very good!I had the Drunken Noodles. WOW! These are worth going back for. I haven't been to another place in Madison with this dish. The noodles were thick and filling. The soupy sauce was spicy and full of flavor. This is a must try on the menu. Overall, not the best Thai place I've tried but certainly good enough to warrant my repeat business!
5	If you have read any of my other reviews of Thai restaurants, you will know I always test a new Thai restaurant with Pad See Ew. It is by all appearances, a simple dish. This is of course, strictly true. However, I have found that simple dishes offer a true test of a restaurant's capabilities and consistency. If a restaurant cannot prepare simple dishes well, there is no reason to expect better from a complex dish.As you may guess, I ordered the Pad See Ew. I was not disappointed. The "simple" sauce had that complex, slightly burned flavor that is the mark of the best Thai restaurants (most just take like plain soy sauce). The egg was folded in properly and still looked like egg, not brown, stringy goo. The broccoli was crispy and fresh, but not raw. The noodles were perfectly cooked, neither "al dente" (a bogus, nonsensical "gourmet" term), nor swollen and overcooked. The spice level was perfect, i.e. spicy with plenty of flavor, not just heat. An excellent assortment of spices accompanied our order to allow customers to customize their meals as desired. I upped the heat considerable after tasting it to make sure the heat would not destroy the flavor. The portion was correct: I was wishing there were a bit more but after sitting for a moment or two discovered I was fully satisfied. The restaurant is small and oriented to lunch diners, but I returned the next day for take-out and found the take-out as good as the dine-in.Under $10 for either meal! Highly recommended.
1	Really bad food. Got stomach ache the next day after eating the thai fried rice! Yuckkkkkk
2	There are a couple of choices on the menu that are good, primarily the soups.... Yet if you really love Thai food and happen to be in the neighborhood, you might just want to put that craving on hold and go to the Subway next door for a foot long steak and cheese.
1	How things change.Recently went and ordered simply Chicken Satay and Spring Rolls.The satay chicken was rancid.It tasted like shi*t, literally, smelled like dog poop.It was way wrong.We did get sick overnight.Finally having called that evening to complain, the person on the other end said we would get a refund that never happened.Regardless, this place has gone downhill in a major way from award winner to garbage dump.They have now lost another long-time customer. If you want quality food you need to travel to Milwaukee or Chicago, best to just leave Madison altogether if eating out is important to you, there is little here which can stand the test of time, even Banzo is totally inconsistent with their recipes and quality, sad.Hopefully Thai Noodle with shutdown and make space for the Subway next door to expand, ewww.
4	The place is looking fresh after a recent remodel and addition of outdoor seating.  There is no children's menu, but our kids happily stuff themselves with one of the noodle dishes.  I am absolutely in love with the Kanoom Jean & Kaeng Keiw Warn noodle dish.  I went in one night craving both noodles and curry.  Well, that dish has vermicelli in a delectable green curry.  I could easily eat two bowls of the stuff and the portions are generous.  It will be a very sad day when we move away and I can't eat here anymore.
2	Had papaya salad, it wasn't great, wasn't horrible. I give it B--. The unforgivable dish was the musaman curry. It was runny, and it came in this huge dish the made it look like soup. Curry was mostly onion and few pieces of potatoes. I felt like I went back in time and was surviving the Korean War or something. All these infractions could had been forgivable only if the dish had some flavor. It had no flavor at all! It was crappy vegetables in brown water. This is what starving North Koreans must eat.
2	My boyfriend and I left this place wondering where we should eat lunch--neither of us felt satisfied after our meals. My boyfriend ordered a seafood dish and I got a HUGE bowl of soup (only one size, 24oz). My $8 soup was a bowl of broth topped with a handful of mushrooms. Overpriced and overspiced... Don't order anything here containing cilantro unless that's all you want to taste.
3	Good, fast thai food. I frequently get the Pad Z U and thai iced coffee and am usually pretty satisfied. The recent renovation is a big plus with a clean interior and plenty of indoor and outdoor seating. Pricing is comparable for the quality of the food.
5	This is my go to Thai food restaurant.  They have a great variety on their menu.  I personally almost always go for the curry squash but also love their pad thai and panang.  My dad always gets a different spicy dish with seafood, and he loves it too.The staff is very friendly and helpful.  They are also quick.
4	Was looking for something a little lighter on the waist so decided to try the pho. I opted for the seafood pho, which had shrimp, octopus, artificial crab, mussels, rice noodles, and broth. It was served with the typical sides (bean sprouts, onion, lime, etc). Now I'm no pho expert, but I thought this was some pretty good stuff. I'd happily order this again and likely will.  I've been to the Thai Noodle several times and have always been happy with my meal. They've also recently renovated the inside, making it much more appealing for dining in, which I did. In fact, they have tables to seat 28 comfortably. Don't hesitate to try the pho next time you have a craving!  Oh yeah, did I mention it was only $8.95!
2	Revisited recently - a few items to note:+ Improved seating/dining area. Looks like they remodeled the inside and it's more comfortable if you're dining in. Waiting for a to-go order? Still a bit awkward, but at least there's a half wall to divide the entrance from the dining area.- Service still a bit "off"; very rushed feeling. Our server sat us and before our butts hit the chair he was asking what we wanted to eat. We asked for a minute, and he returned literally within a minute to see if we were ready.- Pricey. $1.50 for a can of coke or a single cup of tea. Most entrees border $10. Most appetizers border $7. Papya salad, diet coke, and entree cost more than $20 before tip. That's steep, in my book, given the quality and quantity.+ Spice levels are perfect. Three spice will get your attention but won't overwhelm.For the value, atmosphere, and service, you can do a lot better. Monsoon Siam destroys this place all day long.
