4	I love BBQ and this place is located near my good friend's house.  So when he suggested we try out the new BBQ place near his house, I jumped at the opportunity.They recently opened, so there isn't even a sign there yet....but they have a huge banner so we knew we were in the right place.  It's tucked in the corner of the shopping center, so you have to look for it.Looking at the menu, which has no beef, I was tempted by the Pulled Pork Sandwich and the Hot Links sandwich.  I couldn't decide, so I ordered both!While we were waiting for our food, the owner/cook gave us samples of his Baby Back Ribs, Fries, and Hot Sauce.  What a  nice guy.....the samples he gave us were awesome too.The first dish to come out was the Pulled Pork Sandwich.....the thing is huge!  I was beginning to regret ordering 2 sandwiches...lol  Anyway, the Pork was tender and juicy and had the right amount of BBQ Sauce.  The sandwich is topped with Coleslaw, which added to the overall flavor....very good.A few minutes later came this huge Hot Links Sandwich.....I got in over my head this time....but I wasn't going to let that sandwich beat me.  The Hot Link was very good and again the right amount of BBQ Sauce was in the sandwich.  It is also topped with Grilled Onions & Cheddar Cheese.....yum.  The only thing that could have made it better was if it was spicier.....I like blazing hot Hot Links.The staff was very friendly and helpful too...and greeted us with smiles and when we left said goodbye....nice personal touch.  I took plenty of pics, so check them out.  They also deliver....Will I come back?  Absolutely.
4	Inspired by the ROTD and craving their Hot Links Sandwich, I went there for lunch today with a friend who lives nearby.Today I ordered a Hot Links Sandwich, Fries, and split an order of Buffalo Wings.  Yeah, it was a belly-full alright!The Hot Links again were very solid....loaded with Cheese, Onions, and Hot Sauce.  The Buffalo Wings were good and huge!  French Fries good as well.The restaurant was busier this time around, so it looks like word is getting around....good, because I'd like to see them around for a while.Will I return?  You bet your Hot Links I will!
4	Real BBQ. Sometimes you have to wait a bit, since the meat is really smoked. Meat so tasty, that bites without sauce just as heavenly as those with sauce. Kids meals are a great value. Service was outstanding.
4	Was there today for an early dinner with 2 friends. I thought it was a sit down and order place, but actually you just order at the counter and they bring the food to your table. As I have read in a review of it, the menu is quite limited, but that just means they are good at what they do right? Basically they have ribs, wings, pulled pork sandwich and hot links.We tried the ribs, bbq wings and pulled pork sandwich. All the meat was GREAT! Quite a surprise. The ribs were falling off the bones. The pulled pork is A-May-Zing. The wings were flavorful! The wings came with steak fries and hogs sauce which was yummy. Also ordered muffins and mac n cheese on the side. Muffin was good, though I prefer famous dave's corn bread over it, yummy still. The mac n cheese is made differently, perhaps with ricotta cheese. We all loved it.. Couldn't save room for dessert, but I will definitely go back. Oh yeah, and they have mango tea, peach tea, and sweet tea. Mango tea didn't have much flavor but loved the peach tea! It really tastes like peaches.Me and my friends are fans of BBQ, so this may become our neighborhood bbq joint. And one other thing, they deliver! How awesome. Only thing is, the food all comes in boxes (good for leftovers to take home right away) but food gets cold quick. It seems to be all premade and food came out quickly. Nonetheless still yummy.
5	honestly some of the best ribs i have ever had anywhere in the country. very meaty ribs, meat falling of the bone....it's everything you ask for when eating ribs at a bbq place. i am a big guy and i love to eat...i ordered a half a rack and some fries and i finished the fries (thick cut steak fries with a salt and pepper seasoning) and barely half my order before i had to tap out. we went later on a saturday night and our food came out fast and hot. if the food isn't enough to keep you coming back, the staff will seal the deal for you. when deciding what to order, the lady at the register slid me a plate with a FREE rib on it to try it out before i bought it. after we ordered, sat down, and were served our racks of ribs and fries...the same wonderful lady brought out free cornbread and potato salad for our table! now, i am not saying to expect free food when you go there. but the generosity and polite nature of everyone there really makes you feel welcome. To top of a perfect meal there was some great blues music playing while we enjoyed our great food. las vegas has had slim pickings for quality bbq for a long time. this new addition has moved to the top of the pack in one visit. if you are ever on the 215 and see decatur do yourself a favor and take the exit north and give it a try. you'll be hooked
4	How lucky I was to miraculously find Hog's Heaven BBQ when in all actuality I was driving to a BBQ competitor close to my house Shanes rib shack.  Long story short one of the owners of Shanes passed away so they sold it to Hog's Heaven.  I used to love Hog's Heaven at their old location in Aliante but their spot was hidden and wasn't garnering enough business to stay open.  Sad day when  it closed, euphoria when I stumbled upon their new location.  Like the old location, the new kitchen is staffed with the same masters of mesquite and likewise the same jazz and blues music from their old location comes bellowing out of this kitchen.  You can sit down to eat or grab and go.  The service is remarkably professional for counter ordering and the restaurant is clean.  Ribs are a must get-amazing flavor ask for extra sauce.  Pulled pork sandwich is good but the ribs are the star of this show.  Sides are hit and miss, it's almost worth while to save room for MORE ribs.  Tried the cornbread but it's not homemade and I love fried okra but like the cornbread they were not homemade.  There's only so many hours in the day and the folks at hog's heaven spend it wisely on their ribs.  When these folks have a firmer grasp of the needs of their new location I would love to see them make more of their items in house.  Maybe I should be happy they don't though or else I would have BBQ pulsing thru my veins and be one fat pig.  For the time being though, I am back in Hog's Heaven !
5	Their menu is very limited and I was told new owners have taken this place over.  I was there on a Thursday and I litterally got the last rack of bab back ribs, my father got the pulled pork sandwich.  The ribs were phenominal!  Very meaty baby backs and the sauce was very unique and rich in flavor.  The full rack was about 20 bucks which is about the going rate so I suppose they would not be considered out of line.  My father's pulled pork sandwich looked great with homade cole slaw on it (the right way).  Although I didn't try the sandwich he said it was one of the best he's ever had!  Needless to say I will be going back here again and again and next time I plan on grabbing the pulled pork sandwich!  Trust me yelpers, you'll love it!
5	By far the BEST ribs I have EVER tasted in my life; and believe you me, I have tasted some darn good ribs in my life!  These ribs literally fall off the bone, then melt succultenly in your mouth.  Sweet, savory, bbq sauce has the ever-so-slightest "kick" to give a little ZAP on the back-end taste.  Try it with some creamy cole slaw and some Hog Fries, and you've got yourself Heaven-on-a-Plate! Even better, you get to write on the walls! of the restaurant (with the staff's permission, of course)!  The service is great, the staff is ULTRA friendly, and the food comes FAST, wether it's delivered to your table, or to your home.  Loved the greens, the corn, and the mac-and-cheese too.  Oh, and how could I forget the Peach Cobbler?  If my Grammy were still alive today, she'd smack me upside the head for saying this.... Hog's Heaven Peach Cobbler beats my Grammy's family recipe HANDS DOWN.I'm so glad they're back!Aloha!
5	Very lucky to live 2 minutes away from this place!  Been here twice now and have gotten the same thing, 1/3 rack of ribs + french fries.  The french fries are always perfectly seasoned.  Love them!  They are very generous with the portions.  The 1/3 rack which is the smallest portion for the ribs is enough for my boyfriend and I.  We average about 6 ribs each of us when we share the rack.  The sauce is amazing!  And the meat is always tender and rips right off the bone.  It's definitely a good cut because there is usually no fat whatsoever!  The service is always very polite and positive, and I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes if that.
4	I've hungered and gone to Hog's Heaven! I can't believe I haven't reviewed this heavenly place yet! Silly of me! Thanks to my ever so lovely and tasteful girlfriend, I've had the pleasure of partaking of such delicious southern style grubbage! I should warn you that eating here more often will cause addiction and once addiction sets in, you will experience bad withdrawals from the overflowing BBQ sauce!The homestyle greetings from the front cashier, Marsha, already take you out of Las Vegas and into the flavorful and intriguing customs of the South! The walls are covered with components and shout-outs to Hog's Heaven for their return to the mountain side of Centennial Las Vegas. I called in the order one night and spoke extensively to Marsha about what I felt like sinking my teeth into and she suggested the full rack of ribs. I was a little apprehensive on $19.95 for a rack of ribs (12 bones) but the half rack was just a few dollars cheaper and I thought, "If we don't finish it, I'll eat it tomorrow anyway!" Can't have ribs with no sides so I went with Mac n Cheese! My girlfriend and I love their hot link sandwich so we decided to half that as our other side (hey! when we grub, we grub!) and she said their fries were pretty good so we got that with a side of hog sauce (YUM!). My girlfriend remembered that there was a discount for yelpers for 10% off so we smiled even bigger. We phoned in our order so we told them to start cooking 15 minutes after we hung up. Marsha asked about dessert but I politely declined because we had our own waiting. Marsha joked she wanted some of our homemade pumpkin gooey cake but we were serious about sharing :)When we picked the food up, we were kind of sad Marsha was out on a delivery because we wanted to share our cake with her. We also asked the cashier (forgot her name!) if Marsha included the 10% off and she said she wasn't sure and told us to wait for her to do that. That almost threw the positive experience out the door but when Marsha came back, her winning attitude and Southern hospitality totally kicked it back into positive! Not only did she give 10% off, she gave a little bit more for the wait. I hope she enjoys that cake cuz it is SO GOOD! We destroyed half the rack (saved the rest)! Enjoyed the hot link sandwich as always and discovered a new sauce I like: Hog Sauce.I will not only return here, but I will return with an appetite for the rest of their menu! Thanks again, Marsha!
5	Mama done died and gone to HEAVEN. Hogs heaven that is!  Wow... I am not a ribs person.. strange right?  But its true.  I love pulled pork sandwiches and beef brisket but with all the raving about the ribs here I just had to try and MAN am I glad I did.  The sauce is amazing and the meat just falls right off.  They are so meaty too.  This meal was amazing...  It was our first time there so we tried a little bit of everything.  We ordered a full rack of ribs, a hot link sandwich, wings, mac n cheese, fried okra, and potato salad.  Everything was absolutely phenomenal and the service is second to NONE!  You feel like you are visiting your Southern Aunt and Uncle.  The peach tea is to DIE FOR.  I am totally craving it right now!  We also sampled the Peach cobbler and the sweet potato pie.. YUM!!  Both were good but I really loved the peach cobbler.  You gotta go!!  It is my new favorite spot in town and its right around the corner form my house.  Boy am I in trouble!
5	Great baby back ribs. Awesome BBQ sauce, mac & cheese, BBQ beans.What an unexpected delight! Friendly staff, too.
5	Having just moved from Cali, I'm so glad I came across this place! The service is wonderful; everyone is so friendly. One of the ladies even has me a free rib sample for my firsr time here! I ordered a full rack of ribs and some hog fries -  everything was DELICIOUS. The staff even honored the 10% yelper discount despite being 3 months old. Needless to say, I'll definitely be back to try everything else!
5	Best homecooking and BBQ
3	Now it's very possible I came here on an off-day or something, but after getting my expectations up, I was seriously ready for some of the best BBQ I've ever had. Got the full rack, loaded up on sides, was totally happy with the service, and prepared to have my mind blown.What I experienced was good BBQ. Not great, not life changing, not even close to the best I've ever had. I enjoyed the food, though not once did I ever think it lived up to all the hype (and there's a lot of hype). Being as basic as it was, it was more of a letdown given the reputation. Now I'm not going to say it's not worth going. The ribs aren't bad by any stretch. If you're new, keep your expectations in check. And if you love a lot of salt and seasonings (a lot) on your sides, certainly check it out. They will season the hell out of everything under the roof, for better or worse.
5	Just tried this place for the first time Friday night and was very pleasantly surprised. I was a little skeptical at first since the menu looked like not much to choose from and you order before sitting down like a fast food restaurant, but wow was I in for a treat! Everything we tried was awesome! The ribs, the wings, the Mac n cheese, the cornbread. Pure heaven!! And service was awesome. Being in the hospitality industry, I have high expectations and I gave them a ten in my book!!! Will definitely go back.
5	The smell. The staff. The food. All "A+++"!! From the moment we walked in, the friendly staff greeted us and were very helpful. They even gave us a "sample" rib before we ordered. WOW. I go to bite the rib and the meat fell right off! The indication of a perfect rib! They were amazing. Friend ordered 1/3 rack, potato and I ordered the pulled pork sandwich and fries.  They ended up giving her a 1/2 slab (HUGE!) and the potato salad was very oniony so they switched it for yummy mac n cheese. The pulled pork was HUGE as well, even though i got a few bones it was amazing! Biggest plus? THEY DELIVERY to my house!!! $2.50/delivery fee, orders over $10 are ok for delivery. Fries were amazing as well with a special dipping sauce :) My new fav spot!
4	I give this place an average of 4.5 starts. This place has veryyy gooddd ribs (5 stars). They are full of flavor and they fall right off the bone. The menu isn't big at this place. They have ribs in one flavor and one or two pork sandwich options. Best of all, they have a delivery service. Their sides are not spectacular though (4 stars). We had the potato salad and it was good. It had a lot of onions in it and luckily we like onions but it wasn't the best potato salad I have ever had.  Hopefully they will add mashed potatoes to the menu. I will definitely go back there or use their delivery service.
5	Food was great, went here last week and I wasn't disappointed. Had the ribs, I will be back!
4	i'm addicted to the BBQ joint. it's decent to satisfy your bbq craving. The BBQ ribs are delicious!!! I believe if they would have smothered their bbq ribs with more bbq sauce it would have been perfect. The sides are also decent. I'm not too crazy about them. You'll be satisfied with the mac n cheese and fries though. The only side I think that's worth ordering extra are the corn bread! They are the best! Trust me, order some extra corn bread cause you will crave for them!! I will definitely come back to this bbq joint.
2	This is only an update, I still love their ribs. We called on a Sunday @ 12 noon (they open at 11) for ribs delivery and they were out of ribs!!!!!!!! Very disappointing!
2	Is this place going out of business? Another day, we really felt like Hogs Heaven.. Called  and they were close for 4 days!? WHAT? :((( Sad and disappointed!
2	Wow!  I read the positive reviews and Yelp featured email write-up and had to go grab some great bbq!Sigh...Not what I expected.OK, their customer service is top-notch.  Very nice people and a very clean place to eat bbq.Also, their ribs are tender.  Nice and smokey.Here's the problem: the bbq sauce.  I'm saucey!  I need mollasses-based bbq sauce.  Hogs Heaven uses tomato-based bbq sauce.  Worse, there is no choice in sauces.  Even more awful: you can't get extra bbq sauce.You're stuck with the one sauce that they provide on the ribs.  So, if you like their 1 bbq sauce, then this place will rock your world!  If not, then you are going to leave hungry.To be fair, their collard greens are a fantastic side dish.
1	This time we tried ordering ribs it said on the phone that they are closed until October 1st!!! REALLY???? You are closing down your business for almost 3 months? Thats crazy if you ask me.....
1	this place is closed - out of business - fin....too bad cuz they had some good food..
4	It's a 24 mile drive for me but it is the best BBQ in this city.
1	Alright well im going to have to say that my wife and i always try to get some good bbq from this place and when it was open it was amazing but they have been on vacation for about 3 months and its very upsetting to try to go get some bbq and they always have on their door that there still on vacation......awful....wish they were dependable....
5	They are back baby! Even had it delivered tonight. A+. Full rack, pulled pork sandwiches and fries. Perfect!
5	This is one of our family's favorite places to eat in NLV. We have eaten here at least five times (probably more) since we moved here a year ago. Almost every single time we go, the ribs are cooked to perfection. There was one time the ribs were overcooked and a bit dry, but that was the only time it happened. The cornbread muffins and jalapeno mac & cheese on the side are really tasty too. The flavored iced teas available are quite good too (sweet and peach are two of the options).
4	I just absolutely love when I come across a place that surprises me like this one. When you first walk in there a few picnic tables and some benches with tables to sit on, but only a few. That's because Hogs Heaven's claim to fame is their delivery. But the place was packed anyway. The menu is a simple one that most Barbeque enthusiasts will love. Ribs, pulled pork and sides. A lot of people will tell you the only true Barbeque is Pork Shoulder. A finely cooked Pork Shoulder will make the best pulled pork sandwiches. Hogs Heaven has that as one of their signature dishes. I do have to say that I cannot tell you about the Pulled Pork this time. I did not try them, but there were a lot of happy customers eating them. I had to go for my favorite BBQ item as it was my first time at Hogs Heaven. My wife and I shared a full rack of Baby Back Ribs. (We had leftovers) I have to say that these ribs are in my top few of the best ribs I have ever eaten. When you grabbed onto them with your teeth they just came off the bone. They were so tender, juicy and succulent, and their Barbeque sauce was so tasty. Their Barbeque sauce is a vinegar based Barbeque sauce. I have found few of those in my lifetime that I have enjoyed. But, the vinegar taste was so understated that it just enhanced the flavors of the other ingredients and the ribs. Hogs Heaven has won me over to vinegar based Barbeque sauces.As our sides of choice this time, my wife and I choose their BBQ Skillet Beans and a Corn on the Cob. The corn was fully cooked but still had a very nice crunch to it. The flavor of the corn was not overpowering at all. It just tasted like a good corn should. It was also very juicy. The beans were a big surprise. They looked like a regular serving of BBQ beans, but the flavor was indescribable. These were the best beans I have ever had. There was a little smokiness to them, but just a hint. It caught me off guard to see red Bell Peppers in the beans but they were a great addition with good flavor from the sauce. When I go back I will be sure to include the BBQ Skillet Beans every time. Their side dishes also include Potato Salad, Mac & Cheese, Coleslaw, Fried Okra, and Collard Greens. They also have Hog Fries to go with your meal. The menu also includes Buffalo and BBQ wings as well as a Mini Pulled Pork Sandwich, Mini BBQ Corn Dogs, and Animal Chic Fingers for the kids.For dessert my wife and I shared a Peach Cobbler. I usually am not one for Peach Cobbler. But I enjoyed this one very much. The flavor of the peaches was subtle and combined well with the other ingredients. The crisp portion was a bit doughy and tasted more like a donut to me. My wife did not care for it that much, but I enjoyed it.As I said, the place is small. But it is very cute. I enjoyed the ambiance. The staff are very friendly. They were by our table several times to make sure everything was OK. When we were ready to go they brought us a to-go container for our leftovers without our even having to ask. I asked about their delivery area and I was told that if you buy a minimum of $40.00 worth of food they will deliver anywhere in Las Vegas for only a $2.50 delivery fee. That is just two full racks of ribs if you are feeding four people.I can tell you that I will be going back to Hogs Heaven again and again.
2	The first few times we went here it was excellent. The food is excellent and the service is even better than that!Then several weeks ago we went and there was a sign on the door stating they were on vacation. OK. No big deal.We tried again when they were supposed to be back and they were closed with no explanation.And, the last time we tried they looked open during normal business hours, but the doors were locked and the people working made no effort to acknowledge us.Prior to not being able to go there the last 3 times we've tried...I would have given this place 4 stars. I guess, if you can get in...it's great. I advise calling 1st!
1	It seems like Hogs Heaven does not care about getting any business at all.  First they closed for at least three months last fall and then they're supposedly open again.  I was actually raving about this place and wanted to eat lunch with my girlfriend only to see that they're closed...again!  What gives?!
2	I cannot believe how a business can afford being gone for so long. Oh well, seems like they are back now. We were super excited to go and have some ribs again. mhhh The ribs were burned and they had a different sauce on them, not the usual rib sauce but some vinegary disgusting sauce. Was so disappointed.
3	The food here was decent, but nothing to go out of your way for to eat.  I had the pulled pork sandwich with a side of coleslaw and collard greens.  The meat was very tender but slightly smoked and I couldn't really taste much of the BBQ sauce.  The ribs are extremely pricey, but looked pretty good.  Overall, this place has decent food, but not a place I would call "great BBQ".
4	Yay! I'm a fan.Interestingly enough, I'm not even a big fan of BBQ.  What's made me go more than once already then?  The people.  I remember them, and somehow they remembered me.Yet let me tell you, this BBQ is nothing to scoff at either.  One can tell the ribs have had all that tender loving care to make them so... well tender.  The meat falls off the bone, but I had a hard time not gnawing at the bone either -- so I might have, just a little bit anyway.  The smoke ring was quite evident both visually and in flavor.  I'm more of a dry rub person (e.g. Memphis BBQ), so I tend to find sauces too sweet and lacking purpose.  Here was no different.Second time around I was feeling cheap, so I ordered their pulled pork sandwich.  What in the world was I thinking? I don't even like pulled pork all that much.  Oh yeah, because it was cheap.  Well behold: the best pulled pork sandwich I have ever had.  They made a believer out of me.  Quality pork that for once wasn't swimming in sauce.  What really sent it over the top was the cole slaw on top.  It melded perfectly in flavor, and added a harmonious textural contrast.  The sucker wasn't small either; always a plus.Now I'm going to take a moment to talk just about the establishment because it is so worthy.  One: it just smells as good as it should.  Two: the decor reflects the vibe poured into their service.  Three: the music is spot on.  Four: not only does the chef have skill not to be trifled with, but we share a similar haircut (he gets this).  Five: the ladies up front are darlings with every bit of southern hospitality right down to their accents.  I nearly missed out on this because my first attempt their were closed that day.  Luckily something drew me to try again (which is actually quite strange for me)... and then again for good measure.
5	I got it at home. The delivery was fast and the people professional. Very Good if you love BBQ you will enjoy and become addicted to this. I had the pulled pork and fries. Also tried the ribs. All I can say is for once someone got southern BBQ right. :)
2	Went to this place because my husband was dying for some BBQ - he's from South Carolina and lived in Kansas City for 2 years. We thought a BBQ place in Vegas was too good to be true - turns out it was. We ordered a full rack of ribs, the pulled pork sandwich, the mac & cheese, and the collards.The ribs - didn't see an obvious smoke line on the meat, but did have a smoky flavor. Were very tender and meaty, but there was WAY too much sauce. Also, the sauce was definitely not the best BBQ sauce I've tasted.The pulled pork sandwich - again, too much sauce. Maybe we are biased, both of us like when BBQ is served sans sauce so the meat can speak for itself and you can add as much, or little, sauce as you want. We also like a variety of sauces. This place just has one flavor of very mediocre sauce.The sides: these were actually the highlight of the meal - the mac and collards were actually pretty good.Overall, will probably not come back here. As 'ok' as we think Famous Dave's is, we would rather drive there than here for some less than 'ok' BBQ.On a high point, the service was good, but they just need to work a bit on their BBQ.
5	Phenomenal with great friendly staff.
1	I've called this place for two months. Never a single answer. I stopped by a few times and they are always closed. Don't waste your time. They are no longer in business. They must not have been that good after all.
1	Worst BBQ in town they should have stayed out of business. Bunch of idiots own the place. I would have gave them negative 2 stars.
5	I live in portland or  I go to Las Vegas about three or four  times a year and  I alway make sure that that I hit this place .This is not a easy  place to find  and it is not near the strip but is well wort the drive the food is amazing its all good right down to the ice tea The people are so friendly trust me if you want good food and great Service go there
4	Great food & music. The tea is as sweet as their staff. I would give them 5 stars if they would stay open. It is always a treat to see the open sign light on.
1	1st let start out by saying I was planning on going to Rolling Smoke. I saw the incredible reviews and failed to notice they are closed on Sunday. So after two weeks of no meat and pushing my fitness training to the next level I was ready for something fun to eat and I had a taste for BBQ! I got in my car and drove down to rolling smoke just to learn that it is a ghost town on Sunday....agggghhhhh! Ok so Yelp helped me find this place let me find the second best reviewed. So number two is Top Notch but that's the opposite direction to home for me and I already made a fool of myself driving down to Highland so what is rated decently but on the way back or up by my house. Oh yeah Hogs Heaven Barbecue Decatur Blvd Northwest cool I'll go there. Double checked and Sun 11 am - 9 PM that works its not even 6 PM. So from Highland I drive North past my house to Hogs Heaven just learn this place looks like it has gone out of business. I sent a not to Yelp to say it looks closed. Wow this Sunday can't get much better 1st I pull a dumb move ok I deserve the 1st one but the second one... so needless to say I didn't eat here because it was closed!
