3	food was really good service was decenttransfriendly- a okay, might be a little wierd
5	The food here is delicious!!!! Their service is fast when ordering take out and you can grab as much hot sauce as you would like. Roberto's is open 24 hours every day of the week so it's perfect after a night of partying or just to fulfill those late night cravings. I love their carne asada nachos, fries, and plates. The food at Roberto's is cheap and they give a generous portion of food so you'll definitely have leftovers.
3	This place is open 24 hrs the place is super clean and the food is pretty good.
4	Why does everyone say Roberto's is only good when you're drunk? I heartily disagree!I love the fact that their tacos are fresh corn tortillas wrapped around the meat of your choice, toothpicked shut and dropped into the deep fryer. Afterwards it's topped with lettuce, cotija and cheddar, and served with really, really good beans and rice.The salsa roja packs a decent punch and a good flavor, I find the tomatillo salsa verde a little underwhelming, but a better match for the shredded chicken.I also really like the carne asada tacos, with pico and guacamole, or the rolled tacos and guac. The tortas are friggin' huge. The carne asada fries are much-talked about but I think that might be one of those drunk foods.The breakfast burritos are awesome, especially with bacon and roja.I would advise staying away from the quesadillas, which are beyond greasy and rubbery. The chile relleno an enchiladas are a bit too cheesy and gooey for my taste, but it's certainly going to be to the liking of others.I've been to a few Roberto's around the valley and this is the cleanest one I've ever seen. You could eat off the floor.Of course, being all the way out in the soccer mom suburbs of Southern Highlands, there's nobody on the floor during the prime time drunken shenanigan hours.
4	Roberto's is the best hole in the wall Mexican food ever! My little monkeys and I love going there for quesadillas and carne asada burritos. Its cheap, its tasty , its kid friendly and its open 24/7. What more could a mommy ask for. Will always be a loyal patron.
3	When it first opened it was great! But as of late the quality and quantity of the food is lacking. This evening I had a burrito al pastor and the meat wasn't freshly cooked and barley warm not  mention the girl behind the counter has a sour look on her face.
4	Just finished pigging out on carne asada tacos and chips and cheese. Still as tasty as always. Gotta love Robertos!
4	Hey look in the strip mall, it's a bird, it's a plane! No, it Roberto's Taco Shop.  These places are everywhere and I believe they are all open 24 hours.  So yes when you are having that Mexican food craving in the middle of night after some binge drinking you can always count on your friend Roberto to serve it up.  I'm not saying that's how I partake in this fine Mexican food establishment.  I actually frequent Roberto's quite often in a state of sobriety.  I only have four words for you, are you ready? yes four words that should be famously synonymous with Roberto's Taco Shop!  Wait for it.................! CARNE ASADA FRENCH FRIES!  Senor Roberto took two food items that I enjoy.  French fries and carne asada!  So next time you go to Roberto's Taco Shop at 12:00PM or 12:00AM, sober or inebriated just get the fries!  Cheers!
5	Tonight I needed a burrito fix after an extremely long night at work. Roberto's answered my need with a carne asada burrito with just beans, cheese and rice. It was super quick and super tasty. Thanks for helping me in my moment of need :)
3	When I feel the need for some greasy and thick mexican food..I head straight to Roberto's!! Whichever location you choose, you can't go wrong..they all have the same taste.  I always get the #4 combo plate..2 hard shell beef tacos w/ rice and beans.  Price is reasonable for the amount of food that they give.  I really like the fact that they are open 24hrs also so after a night of clubbin, it soaks up all the alcohol! :)
2	This place is ok, not great but alright. When your hungry for some quick Mexican food its good. But what makes me give this place 2 stars is the lady behind the counter that takes the orders. She always has a sour face like she hates her job!!!
4	Went here yet again for an afternoon burrito craving. Carne asada burrito, double wrapped with just beans, cheese and rice...my my my was so very nice. Roberto's is awesome for that quick fix Mexican food (not as good as Fausto's but its closer to my house).
4	Had a beef chimi at robertos a few nights ago, I was really hungry and its a lot of food. It was perfect and filled me up. The prices at robertos are awesome, the food hasn't disappointed me ever! And the service is usually spot on. Only waited a couple minutes, and they let me customize the chimi and sides just the way I wanted it which is huge for me (I don't like lettuce or tomatoes on anything!!!) Quick in and out transaction, food was really good, and its location and price is good for me. 4 solid stars
4	Not bad for a Mexican fast food place in Nevada !!  and like the others have said this place is really clean....
4	The best mexican food in Vegas! I'm so glad one opened near where I live, because I'm obsessed with their MENUDO!!! It's a bowl of awesomeness topped with WINNING. I used to think Pho was the perfect cure for a hangover, but Menudo tops that now. Too bad it's only available on the weekends.The Carne Asada Burrito and fries are my typical order. The burrito is a good size and is just delicious. The fries are probably one of the best carne asada fries I've tried on the west coast. You get a giant portion with LOADS and LOADS of toppings!
4	I like this place. its clean and food taste good.They have a really good cinnamon rice drink also!
5	Good mexican food, especially when you compare it to the other option we always called "Taco Hell", but I digress. Good, flavorful food, friendly staff, and a nice range of choices make this my favorite local Mexican joint!
5	Went to Tony Moreno Salon and had a few minutes to spare and saw Roberto's Taco Shop right next door.  Tried the rolled tacos and they were delicious.  Will definitely be back to try other items on their menu.
1	It gets 1 star only cuz it's 24hr n 1 of the few things in the area that is. I don't understand everyone's rave reviews of any of them, the food is no where close to good. It's greasy, sometimes slimey, n not close to real Mexican. The only thing Ive found to be edible is the nachos. It also doesn't help that on the few occasions we have ordered from here they messed things up or even not given us food (like the meat when my husband ordered the carne asada tacos). I'd rather go to the taco bell down the street when I want quick Mexican
4	I've been going to this restaurant chain for the past four years and love it because of it being 24 hours opened right in my neighborhood. Warning: this is not for those health conscious and is more for those who need a late night Mexican fix and want something better than Taco Bell. Health nuts should just get cucumber from the salad bar or should already be home asleep after a night of clubbing. My go-to meal is the carne asada burrito. My cousin's go-to meal are the carne asada fries (and trust me they don't stiff you at all on the carne asada unlike other restaurants). Before, I would sometimes get the carne asada chimi chonga meal but no longer. The facility is clean; they always have a stocked up bar of salsa, lime and fresh cucumber.
3	LocationLocated in Southern Highlands, a master-planned community located on the southern side of Las Vegas, on W. Cactus Avenue, a main thoroughfare through the community.  Sits next to a beauty salon.  Lots of free parking.   It's a chain, though, so they're located all over Nevada and California.AtmosphereYour standard "walk up to the county and order your food and take it home" or "walk up to the counter and eat it inside because you're too hungry to wait to go back home" restaurant.  It had festive colors on the walls.  Bathrooms in the rear of the restaurant.  Lots of wall outlets!  (Which was good because my phone was dying and I need somewhere to charge it!)ServiceIt's not fast food, but you can tell the food is being made fresh to order, so there is a little bit of wait before your food is ready.  The cashier was very friendly and made small talk with me and my friend while we waited for our food.Food/DrinkI'm from the East Coast, so we don't have "real" Mexican food.  My favorite fast-food chain is Del Taco (think of Taco Bell, but cheaper and you can get burgers and fries to go with your tacos).  So, when my friend told me that nothing is better than Roberto's I said I'd try it.  Decided to play it safe and order the chicken tacos.  Fresh chicken (I'm assuming chicken breasts that they grill, then slice and put inside the tortilla), shredded iceberg lettuce, and an abundance of shredded cheddar cheese on a warm, soft tortilla. Very simple, but very delicious and very authentic.  I'm disappointed that they don't have pico de gallo as a salsa option.  In my opinion, their red salsa was pretty bland and their green salsa was too watery.  But, they saving grace were their pickled carrots.  You think you're eating healthy because they're carrots, but they're not that healthy because they're pickled.  But, they were so good, I kept eating them long after I was done with the tacos.I would go back just for the pickled carrots!  I gotta learn how to make this at home!
3	The chicken was very tough!  In a whole the food taste good!
1	Food was so dry!! It was gross!!
4	I've spent many a night with Rob (that's the fancy name I share with my friends). When you ask someone if they've been to Roberto's, more than likely the response is "yeah that's where I go after a night of drinking". I'm here to tell you, you should try it when you are sober so you can remember how delicious it is. The menu is incredibly cheap, $2.05 for a chicken taco! Make that $.99 on Wednesdays!  Here are a few of my favorite menu items;Super nachos (no carne) my second favorite nachos in town (peppermill is my first)Breakfast burrito- this is a dos manos kinda burritoTacos-love themTortas-love them tooI'm not a menudo fan, but I hear theirs is good I'm obsessed with the spicy pickled carrots at the condiment bar. I given myself many times devouring these. You could approach the counter and just ask them to put a bag of food together, and you really couldn't go wrong.This place is always clean. They serve Pepsi products (only downfall here). I love Rob!
4	Chimi's are fantastic.  It suits the craving for hot fresh made mex.
5	The fish burritos, nachos, and combo plates from Roberto's are simply awesome!  A fish burrito contains two big breaded fish planks, loads of cabbage, salsa and tartar sauce, and probably weighs about a pound and a half, and is only five bucks.  The chicken and carne asada burritos are loaded and delicious as well.  I think the shrimp burrito recipe needs to be revamped, but I can overlook this in favor of all the things that they do absolutely perfectly.  The salsa bar is also awesome, and they have plenty of little plastic cups with snap-on lids to take salsa to go.  It's preservative free and therefore highly perishable, but that is a sign of great quality.  They also have whole jalapenos and pickled spicy veggies if that's your thing, just sitting there for free in a container in a bed of ice.The locations my wife and I frequent are both close to UNLV.  One is directly across from the campus on Maryland Parkway and Harmon, behind the 7-11 store.  The other is in a really spotty neighborhood near Paradise and Twain I think.  Definitely a couple of bright spots in what otherwise consists mostly of everyday fast food chains!
4	The Chichen Tacos were outstanding!  The staff are always friendly and  are quick with our meal.   Good Food and Good Service makes for a good timer out!  If only these guys could cook Asian food!  We don't have a good Asian place to eat at here in Southern Highlands!
4	This is a great Mexican fast food joint! The establishment is very clean and is always well kept. Food is great! Anything carne asada is my favorite here lol (burrito, taco, quesadillas, nacho, fries, etc) It may not be on the menu but if you ask they will make anything with carne asada. Another plus is that they are 24hrs so when ever you have that late night craving this place is the spot! Especially after a night of drinking, this food will help you sober up.Fast food prices and they also have several specials through out the week such as $3.99 chicken burrito combo on Monday etc.
2	My last visit I decided to stay in and eat. While I was eating my nachos, the girl starts sweeping the floors, started in the bathroom and is headed towards me. I see stuff start flying in the air, I'm thinking "she's not gonna come sweep that towards me" well she did. I see fuzz, dirt and whatever else fly in the air around my food. I glared at her, got up and threw my nachos in the trash. Thanks for crop dusting my nachos with dirt you idiot.
2	I go to this location almost weekly because its near my house and my other half loves the breakfast burritos they make here. I have had good experiences with the food served, its the condition of the store- cleanliness wise, that I have an issue with. The floors are usually sticky along with most of the table tops. The windowsills are dusty. The salsa bar is in need of more ice and a good wipe down. The soda machine is a sticky mess and dusty on top as well. If the place is open 24hours, there should be some down time to clean the store. So, I will still continue to eat at Roberto's but I hope the kitchen and prep area are not in the same condition as the dining room.
4	I've always ordered to-go whenever I've been here, and the service is super fast. I love their tacos. Great value for the substance.
5	You can't beat their $1.00 Chicken tacos every Wednesday!!!! In addition if you're in a hurry for a very filling breakfast thats most likely packed with calories the bacon & egg breakfast burrito can't be beat!
1	I was really glad when this place opened cuz it was really close to home and what makes it more enjoyable to order something and get it home quickly so it's not soggy or becomes lukewarm.Well all the times I have ordered from this place I have been disappointed.  The only two times I was satisfied .....1-after drinking, 2-my friend ordered a special nacho for me and I was starving.  What disappoints me about this place (maybe it's just this one on Cactus) is the lack of flavor.  I should not have to add all kinds of sauce or feel like there is something lacking that I cannot put my finger on.  Specially for the carne asada.  It should have taste that excites the taste buds on your tongue.  But...no.  I've been to good taqueria and I do miss the one in California called Chavez in Hayward.  So time to search for a good place, hopefully not too far from home.My son would rather eat TACO BELL, and me, too.
4	This place is pretty awesome for a 24-hr mex pickup place. Not much room for seating and wouldn't really suggest it. Never had a bad meal here, the carne asada tacos and burritos are a safe play, add a lime or hot sauce and you are set. Not much to add about rice and beans which are standard. My buddy gets the chicken chimichanga every time, I haven't deviated from the steak too often.
3	I'm only giving this location 3 stars because I love Roberto's.  I have been to this location several times now and it's just been awful customer service every single time.  It's not hard to have a smile on your face while you take someone's order.  I won't be back to this location.
3	I only come here because it's the closest mexican stop from my house and the food is so-so good. It satisfies my carne asada cravings. :-) but the cashier girl must hate her job -- or life. She never smiles and if she does, its a smirk or some giggles, sometimes some eye rolling, even though I was just telling her my order.... I was waiting for her to tell me my total (which created an awk moment) until I asked her, so she pointed at screen instead of just telling me.... LOL customer service sucks here. I hope she gets some more training how to treat customers.
5	A classic. I hope this place never goes out of business.
5	I eat Roberto's a lot and this location had the best chicken tacos I've had from a Roberto's! Yummy!
3	A small restaurant, but a huge menu. The menu offers anything from the breakfast burrito to beef tongue tortas, menudo on the weekends. The food is excellent and reasonably priced. When my food was ready the cashier looked at me and gave me a head nod, uhhh... does she speak English? The restaurant is a bit uncomfortable, as the seating is wide open with just tables and chairs. I would definitely go back here for the food.
1	Horrible customer service. My daughters cup had a hole in the side of it. Not only did I clean up the mess but was charged for a new cup. Always had great service until now. Last time we'll be coming to this location.
1	Kudos to the food but customer service sucks. We ordered through the phone and the lady that was getting our order was BEYOND rude, I wasn't even done ordering and she told me to remind her about my drinks cuz she's busy and hung up. My friends and I go there to pick up our food and there wasn't any barely people! To top it off super bad attitude when I asked a question. I'd rather go to Don Tortaco right next door, food is great and customer service is amazing!
4	My boyfriend and I visited this Roberto's after a failed visit to the Bermuda and Cactus location. I was craving some Carne Asada Fries, while my boyfriend wanted a shredded-pork burrito with no spicy sauces or beans, but with potatoes and lettuce. He's particularly picky when it comes to Mexican food. The Bermuda and Cactus location did not allow the substitutions for his burrito so I just ordered my fries. We both had a craving for some Mexican food so I went to this location to get his food. Considering the late hour we arrived, the woman who helped me order my boyfriends burrito was very patient and willing to complete an order. I simply told her what my boyfriend wanted in a burrito and she helped make that happen by suggesting a specific burrito that was plain enough to add more toppings. My boyfriend was satisfied with the burrito and I enjoyed my fries. I liked how patient and the cook was even though it was like 3am lol.
1	The night crew seemed to be playing and cracking jokes as soon as I walked in. I'm black the joke was definitely on me. Lol. I could care less about the jokes I just hope my food ain't sabotaged. SMH
1	I would like to start by saying that Roberto's has often been the destination my family and I would eat at. We normally love the food, however, food can only go so far when it comes to customer service. I am unsure if all locations follow the same "uncaring" attitude this location seemed to have, but for the sake of the business, I hope not. Tonight we ordered 2 beef burritos along with a variety of other dishes for carryout. We often find ourselves spending  well over 30-40 dollars for the entire family, and we do this quite often throughout the year. The 2 beef burritos were EXTREMELY salty, and we decided to call the location and ask for 2 new burritos to be made, specifically Carne Asada. The employee began to tell us that there is absolutely no salt in the ingredients list for the burrito, which I found very hard to believe. We decided to go to the store and speak with her, but the best response I could get was "It's not my problem you didn't like the food, it's your problem." Also, we were going to be held responsible for paying the difference for an order that was already misunderstood to begin with, and in theory, pay for the burritos that tasted awful. I cut many companies slack that support outstanding customer service because it is in human nature to make mistakes, and if the company is going to compensate for their misunderstandings and mistakes, there is no reason to be upset. A company that does not exercise this notion is destined to lose customers, and as one myself, I will find it very hard to mention Roberto's in the next conversation that includes dinner options.
