4	I have always wanted to go in here and check it out, at various locations, but never did.  Today I passed by here and decided this was a good time to do so.  It was right there and I had the time.  The store was nice and cool (important when it's 111 outside).  The clerks were super nice.  They left me alone when I wanted to just browse but were right there when I had a question or request.  I ended up buying one cute black cotton top with lavender sequined roses on the front and got it for 20% off by filling out an app for a credit card.  The manager even said if I came back within a week I could buy the other one I was looking at for the discount as well.  It's obvious they put customer service as a priority, not becasue of the discount, but because of the overall way I was treated the whole time I was in the store.  I will try to stop by here on future visits to town even though I'm not a big clothes shopper.
5	Good store, having big sales right now, so prices are reasonable and selection is great.  Getting ready for big trip and I picked up a few items.  I like the fact that I can get the comfortable sizes here and not have to worry about looking frumpy.This store was nice and clean, the service was quick and friendly and I felt welcomed.  As with most Fashion Bug's, this was no exception to that.
5	I just love this store!!!! It doesn't help that it's walking distance from my house, because I am always cruising their clothes!! They have great customer service & I have never had a bad experience.  Also they have killer sales! I have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price! Everyone is always asking me where did you get that dress, I simply say Why Fashion Bug!
4	I really like this store, but think this location and/or brand has an identity crisis.  While they would like to have "something for everyone," where they shine is in the offering of plus size clothing.  In terms of floor space allocation, I think this store is likely divided 75/25.  The clothing is very nice!  But...if you're not a plus size, it can be slim pickings.  I stop by often anyway.  Why?  Coupons!!  I receive $10 off $25 routinely through the mail.  My experience is often "hit and miss," but when I find something, it's like getting paid on a Vegas slot!
4	Very sadly, this store is actually closed now. They were great, always clean, the staff was always helpful. But, the company decided to close up the stores.
