3	Toto's specializes in Mexican seafood dishes.  They also have a Sunday Margarita brunch that I haven't tried.  Their tacos al pescado are nice--firm white fish, lettuce, a few shrimp and a chipotle cream sauce on the side.  The chipotle cream sauce is sort of like a lively (and much tastier) version of Big Mac "Secret Sauce".  It adds just the right amount of kick without overwhelming the fish.  The chips and salsa are okay--nothing special, and the beans and rice that came with the tacos were also just okay.  Service was good.   The restaurant is close enough to my apartment and good enough that I know I'll visit again.
5	best Mexican in town. great food, great service, great prices.
3	Toto's is so-so.  Not bad or good, just fine.
2	Lunch buffet is $7.99.  They had rice, beans, chile relleno, pork & onions, chimichanga, enchilada, salad, cantaloupe, brownie, & white chocolate frosted brownie.  Chips come only with ok salsa.  Hubbie had $8.95 burrito mexicano instead of the buffet.  No a/c but has fans which were not on.  Husb pulled on chain to start fan which made it more tolerable but in 105 degree weather, we were going to leave d/t the uncomfortable level (& I keep my house at 82 degrees so I can tolerate heat no problem)
1	PROS: Decor is warm and pleasant and the blended margaritas are pretty good.  Fried ice cream dessert was yummy.CONS: The food. I selected the Chef's Supreme Combo, which came with a chicken chili relleno, seafood enchilada and a carnitas taco with the standard rice and beans. I assumed these dishes were the chef's specialties, due to the name of the plate, but apparently the chef took the night off.  The relleno was a combo of dry chicken inside a dry coating that tasted like a dry biscuit with no cheese and very little sauce which was also bland. The seafood enchilada was supposed to have shrimp, crab and orange roughy, but it only had shrimp and was boooooring with very little sauce and no cheese. The carnitas taco was the least offensive, but the carnitas was also very dry and didn't have much flavor on its own. The rice and beans were bland and boring. I didn't realize that Mexican food could get this dull. I even had to ask for more salsa so I could counteract the dryness enough to get the food down.  My date had the chicken/steak fajitas, which he said were just OK.Another negative ... Only 1/3 of the glass was rimmed with salt on both of our margaritas, so I know it was done on purpose.  I suppose its an attempt to save money, but it just came off as shoddy service.Bottom Line: Not at all impressed and I won't be giving it another chance.
4	I should have tried the Sunday brunch buffet months ago.  The offerings are spicier than their regular offerings.  I especially liked the chicken mole and the pozole.  They have lots of other things, including chile verde and some kind of stewed beef dish (I didn't ask because I'm allergic to beef).  And it's only $12 including a non-alcoholic beverage.
4	Food was tasty.  Definitely better than many of the other reviews suggested.  I had the chicken enchilada and chili relleno combination.  2 for 1 special on the combination right now.  Great deal for dinner.
3	We tried this place a couple years ago (I'd been there some years ealier before that) and my husband's burrito was sent back three times. Finally after getting it right, he scored a beer on the house. I rarely make changes to my order, so mine is usually good. So we decided to give it another try- using a certificate from www.restaurant.com. We went with one of our friends. It was not too busy except for one large party. We had a bit of a wait on our meals.  They both ordered the seafood burrito but after a few bites noticed that the other seafood listed on the menu was missing. ( I don't remember what I ordered but I know that it was a safe choice for me.) They asked the waitress, and she checked in the back for us. She came back explaining that the cooks had run out of seafood- shrimp was the only seafood in the burritos. Why didn't the cook tell her in the beginning, so that she could've said something when the food was taken out to us? Also, the burritos were charged at full price even though they weren't as advertised.  The waitress only came back to refill our drinks once. We couldn't help but wonder if the service and the food was not at the best due to using a certificate from www.restaurant.com. Even with their posted signs with specials outside, we might not be back. And we don't even say that much, either.
2	I came here looking for fish tacos. They aren't the best tacos you can find in town (especially for $12.00!!), but they didn't leave me wishing I didn't order them. Other diner ordered chicken fajitas and said they were really good! Another dry boring review on my part, sorry yelpers.
4	Coming from Southern California, this is on par with some of the authentic places from back home.  The flavors are what you would find at the border towns, not this 'American-Mexican' food you find at most chain joints (probably why so many bad reviews, some people don't know good food when they find it)The service is on the ball as well and they recognize you even if you haven't been around in a few months.  Most of the staff is the same from when we first went there and they are all great.The prices are a bit higher than a chain restaurant, but you get what you pay for in my book.All in all, this is one of our favorite places in town for great Mexican food
3	Simply good solid Mexican food.  Ignore silly rules on their promo (buy one get one free excludes seafood, even if you want to pay for the seafood and get a cheaper non seafood dish free)  don't seem to get bean dip for free anymore.   Can't sub tortillas soup for salad anymore.  Besides that its the same great solid Mexican food we've come to expect.  Gets more stars when the above situations are taken care of.  This is our go to Mexican restaurant this neighborhood.
4	7 Mares was DELISH, the broth or Caldo was so goodWe ate here because of a great deal we found on Resturaunts.com. we paid 10bucks for a $25 Gift cert. not bad, huh!?so my Fajitas we're really good too...I had the Supreme, meaning Chicken Shrimp and steak.. I do wish there were a few more shrimp than 3 but hey with shrimp I'm always wanting more.Only 4 stars 'cause I'm a yelper & nowadays I need to be WOWED and I was not impressed with only 1 refill on my Coke, I know I know how many cokes can one have but thats just how it is!
4	I love macayos..have been going there for twenty years...totos will be the place I go for the next twent lol...great food
2	Toto's is close to my work, so I stop in occasionally for lunch.They usually have a lunch buffet which has a decent, but limited, selection.I generally order of the menu. Most recently I ordered a lunch combo with a chicken taco and chile relleno. It was okay but not great. My biggest complaint was that the chile relleno was only lukewarm.
3	I tried the salmon special and lobster-with-some-kind-of-green-sauce special and both were good. The salad that came with the dinner had a nice cilantro house dressing but I didn't really like that it had shredded cheese on it (too fast-foody). The waiter was really friendly and chatted with us about programming and computers, and I liked the casual ambiance. The only major problem was that my mom was absolutely certain that her spinach enchilada had canned spinach and tomatoes, but I didn't sample it to verify.
5	As a native Texan, I love Mexican food and I never thought I would have such a hard time finding a good Mexican food restaurant in Las Vegas.  However, everytime I go to a new one, I either get sick or the food is terribly bland.Toto's is the closest I've had to authentic and delicious.  Whether you're a tourist or a local, this place is a must!
4	We were driving around a bit aimlessly, looking for a spot to eat. Toto's looked promising. I had the chicken nachos,(I'm quite the nacho hound), for what they lacked in looks, they made up for it where it counts-taste. We all were very pleased and this is the best mexican food we've had in town( we've been to gardun'o's  and pink taco). The fried ice cream was great as well.
4	Stopped in by chance for dinner and it was well worth it, had the fajhitas, large portions and very flavorful, good value for the money
