1	I cannot agree with Lauren V. more!!   Just thinking about my experience at this place makes my blood boil.
1	I went in to Big O Tires in Tempe last Thursday July 15th to get an oil change before I went out of town to San Diego for the weekend with my kids. I have a 2008 Saturn Outlook with 59,000 miles. I got the oil change annd everything seemed good. I got in my car and started driving down the road and noticed that my temp guage was rising a bit and looked like the vehicle was running a little warm. I continued down the road and it stayed like that, so I called Big O and they said to bring it back. When I got there, they had to let it cool and then diagnose the problem. I didn't have time to wait so I got picked up and waited for their call. They called and said I needed a new radiator($750.00) and since they had the thing torn apart, they said I should also replace the thermostat($750.00, $1,500.00 total)!!!!!! This did not seem right with lower milage and I'm a price shopper, so I called a few friends for a referral and they sent me to Paul's Car Care in Chandler off of Arizona Avenue between Ray and Warner. They told me the radiator cap was loose and could have not been put on tightly from the oil change or it was malfunctioning. Either way, it was $73.00 and I was out the door!!!! Shame on those guys at Big O who had 2-3 flunkies working on my car and couldn't analyze the problem, except for replacing the whole DAMN cooling system!!!! Obviously it would run fine after that!!!! I usually find the oil change coupons and go to the cheapest place for an oil change, but never again with these clowns. I little rule to live by with mechanics is find a little mom and pop shop where the owner is the head mechanic and yiou should be ok.
5	Oh wow.  Just reading the other four reviews.  My experience was AWESOME.  But here's probably why- my boyfriend went with me and he knew exactly how to deal with them.  You will need to agree to a price (a little bit of wheeling and dealing).  Got four tires and allignment for $450.  Mind you I have an Acura so they are going to be more expensive for a luxury car.  The wait was about 1.5 hours and luckily and this is the best thing- quite a few places around to kill time so you're not stuck inside a tire shop.  Got my car and everything is running well.  I will refer everyone I know.  But again- you got to be ready to negotiate.  So take a man with you! :) Or if you're a girl that knows how to do that more power to ya!
4	Despite the other reviews, I've been to this location twice, both time emergencies and they were extremely quick and efficient and either didn't charge me, or just asked for a few dollars for "breakfast."Perhaps management changed, perhaps the other reviewers just aren't happy having to pay for their cars. I was extremely happy and grateful.
1	Never again!This is long overdue, but I had a fabulous experience at Fletchers today and was reminded of the antithesis that is Big O on Rural Road.I went in here in May for an oil change, since it was 2 blocks from my apartment and advertised student discounts. First, they don't even DO the discount unless you're getting $100 worth of work, and it's a shitty 15% I believe. I'm used to 20% and up.Then, it took them an HOUR to do my oil. A freaking HOUR and one other car there. The guy then informs me that my rear brake rotors are "paper thin" and cautions me that if I drive to work in Ahwatukee on the I-10, that they will surely fail and cause a serious accident. Huge use of scare tactics, so I ignored him, but he was just ADAMANT that they were very dangerous to drive on. He then quoted me $350 to fix them - a mechanic friend not an hour later told me it was about $50 for those parts. Ripoff!Side note: This was May, this is October and 10k miles later, and NOTHING HAS HAPPENED. Uh huh, bad rotors, whatever.The last straw though, was when I was paying and asked about the student discount. The counter is high and I had my wallet open on it, not thinking much of it. At the time I was a waitress and in between bank runs carried a lot of cash. The guy tells me the aforementioned policy, stands on his freaking tiptoes to look into my wallet, and say "Look at all that cash, you don't need a discount anyway!"That irked me beyond all belief, because I worked my butt off being society's ***** at a high-end restaurant, and the nerve of him to imply I could afford to be ripped off was disgusting.Go to Fletchers in Ahwatukee for any work, and ANYWHERE ELSE for oil changes. Seriously, this place sucks.
1	TOTAL RIP OFF! Avoid this place at all costs. I have an 05 diesel VW beetle. Took it in today for a diesel oil change. They tell me the oil pan is stripped and needs to be replaced. To the tun of $715.00 PLUS the cost of the oil change which is about $100. My good friend is a VW fanatic, so I call him and he does 5 minutes research online and finds there is a part that can fix this issue. The mechanic is adamant that this is absolutely not possible. He said that aluminum oil pans are not repairable under any circumstances. Bold Face LIE! I got a new plug at Napa Auto Parts for FIVE FUCKING DOLLARS made specifically to fix aluminum oil pans. Not only that... I took a few minutes while I waited for the tow truck to call around. At the DEALERSHIP it would have been $500 for everything *including* the $100 oil change. Everyone knows shit is way more expensive at the dealership, but Big O wanted $315 more than the dealership. They also told me my back tires were bald and dry rotted. They're not. At. All. And that my left front CV boot was torn and I needed a new front axle. Had my VW friend look at it. Once again, totally fine. These guys tries to rip me off because I'm a cute girl who doesn't know much about cars. They thought they had me stuck because the car wasn't drivable. They thought I would just hand over my credit card. Not so much buddy. The replacement plug is holding fine and worst case scenario involves a new pan for $100 and 2 hours worth of my buddy's time to fix it. $715 my ass.
1	I wrote this the other day, but here's all I can say... I just went to Discount Tires and they were ten times more honest and helpful.  Just go to Discount Tires.  That's all you need to know. The one on Greenfield & Baseline is great. ----I've written both a good review and a bad review so I can tell you the 100% truth.  Shame on me for thinking I could write these jerks a good review.  So guess what? I've had my tires a little more than a year and only put 15K on them and they're totally SHOT.  When I called to see what I could do about getting prorated ones the man on the phone could not have been more rude.  In fact, I went to a separate Big O Tires store where they were immediately helpful.  Stand by for that review as I'm not totally knocking Big O just this store.  Turns out they gave me the wrong tires and that's why I had so many issues with fuel and my ride hasn't been very smooth.  The other Big O Tire locations says it looks like they just wanted to sell me what they had and my car specifically asks for another kind of tire.  Safety was not the issue, I was never in any danger, but really? You screwed up and you can't even help me so another store has to clean up after you????DO NOT COME TO THIS LOCATION!!!
5	I have been a customer at Big O Tires for years.  Been to many different store through out the country and this is one of the best ones that I have been to.  The service was fast.  The prices where fair and they informed me of online coupons that I could use for the future.  I compared tire prices with Discount and Big O is right in line with comparable tires.  The nice thing about Big O is they can do alignments when they put on the new tires unlike Discount Tire.  I would highly rec. you go and see them for all your automotive needs.  Again great service and prices and a great group of guys that work the front counter.
1	I went in to get 4 new tires. My alignment was fine before I got there. They put on the tires and tried to sale me a $79.99 alignment. I told them my alignment was fine and I didn't need to check it. After I left my car had HORRIBLE alignment. It now turns right instead of going straight. I am 95% positive they screwed it up on purpose. I don't trust them.
4	I've now gone to this location for a tire change and 2 different oil changes, and all three times I was treated with the upmost courtesy. Did not get a feeling of "you'e a woman, you don't know anything" at all, and my service was friendly, quick, and clean. Also I used my ASU discount and there was no problem with taking it, they just needed to see my SunCard to verify.
5	I have been going to this store for years. They have always provided me with great service! Would definitely recommend.
1	Absolutely terrible place and a RIP OFF! CRACKED MY WINDSHIELD!Went here to get an oil change and check my fluids, the transmission fluid I already knew was totally black. They called me back after the inspection and told me I needed a transmission flush for $159. Naturally, I asked around and read a bunch about transmission flushes and EVERYTHING said it is a bad idea to get a transmission flush when you're fluid is black and you haven't ever had one done with high mileage (my car is about 100,000 mi). Apparently it can damage your transmission so badly you may have to get it REPLACED. I figured "Ok they are trying to rip me off and that's normal so whatever I'll just ignore them". I got an oil change done and went to pick up my car. As I was driving off I noticed a penny-sized CRACK in my windshield that I am POSITIVE was not there before, so I turned around and went back in. I then had to wait 20 minutes for the store manager because he was "busy" (2 other cars in the whole place being worked on, and no one in the lobby). This tatted up ratty looking kid walks out who looks the same age as me (I'm a student at ASU) and tells me the crack isn't big enough to have been caused by their "extremely heavy machinery" so he can't take responsibility for it. WHAT!? The crack had METAL particles where it originated. He said it must have been a rock. NO SIR. I then asked him why he offered me a service that would ruin my transmission, and he insisted the dealership would recommend the same thing, a transmission flush. Guess what, just got off of the phone with a Mazda dealer! Verdict? Transmission flush NOT A GOOD IDEA. He recommended a much cheaper drop and fill. Big O Tire Tempe, you are the worst. Thanks a lot for trying to rip me off and cracking my windshield, all while being extremely unprofessional and inefficient at the same time.
1	TOTAL RIP OFF !!!    They told me over the phone that it would cost about $340. to replace my brake pads. If they needed to replace the rotors, it would be another $160. So around $ 500. total....That sounded fine with me....So I took my car down there. After they had the car up on the lift, they told me that it was going to be $800. !!!! ( For just a simple break job). I was freakin' shocked. I told them to forget the whole thing, and I took my car to my regular mechanic 2 days later. (I didn't take it to my regular guy at first, because he is kind of expensive.)...It turns out that I DIDN'T need my rotors replaced, and he did the whole job for $400. ---AVOID THIS PLACE------DO NOT GO THERE------YOU WILL BE RIPPED OFF.
1	I'd rather give no stars, but oh well.  Went in last year and got all new tires with warranty. About 2 months ago, got a flat and got it easily replaced. About a month later another tire had a leak. Took in for a replacement, and Yoko doesn't make my tire anymore. Had to wait a week for a new different size tire...? And then when we took the car in, was told that my tire had already been patched up and since it wasn't listed in the "history" in the computer, they couldn't give me my tire for free and had to pay $160. Told them never mind. And they stole the key lock to my rims! And when I called in asked, they told us they had an extra key and didn't know who it belong too. So we now have a rim key that doesn't even fit. Had to go to the dealership to buy a new one. Such a waste of time for something I had a warranty on.
1	HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE FIRST THEY STOLE THE 75 cent that I was going to fill up my water jugs, then they told me they topped off my fluids which they did not my car almost OVERHEATED and now my radio plays softly even though my car is totally off. All I went there for was an oil change, that was all. WTF!!!
1	I recently had an awful experience at Big O Tires on Rural Rd. in Tempe. It all started when I brought my car in because it wouldn't start half the time.  After a quick diagnosis the technician said that all I needed to do was replace my starter. I went by the technicians recommendations and a couple hours later my car was ready to be picked up. When I went to start my car and drive away I noticed that there was a grinding sound when I started my car. I asked the technician what that might be and he said it was likely the aftermarket starter that he installed in my car. I wasn't exactly happy with this response and demanded that something be done. That's when Don the less than friendly store manager stepped in and recommended changing the starter out for a different one. At this point I was agitated but I had no other choice but to leave my car at Big O for another day. After the second starter was supposedly installed the sound still never went away. Upon further diagnosis of the car by a reputable auto shop it was found that the flywheel had been broken when the starter was installed by the technician at Big O. I took this up with the technician and Don the store manager and they denied any wrong doing whatsoever. Along with the denials they also had an air of complete disrespect, lack of customer service, and outright rudeness. My only option after that point was to contact the owner of the store who is a guy named Adam. I can now see where Don and the technician got their training because Adam was even more rude and arrogant than either of them and he was also unwilling to be accountable for his shops mess up. At the end of the day I've spent a lot of time and money dealing with this issue. At this point Im better off writing it as a loss and moving on. However, I wanted to make sure everyone out there knows what they're getting into before they spend any money at Big O Tires in Tempe on Rural and Broadway. As a long time resident of Tempe I would suggest using Tempe Auto Repair or Oasis Auto Repair. I have had great experiences with both places, they are local, and their owners and employees are courtiers and accountable. Once again, I warn all of you to stay far away from Big O Tires on Rural and Broadway in Tempe; it will cost you way more than you bargained for. The owner Adam, store manager Don, and their technicians all need to go back to school and take lessons on mechanics, customer service and the right ways to do business!!
1	I wish I would have read the reviews before coming here. What everyone else said is true. There are scam artisits who work here. Here's my story:I needed a new wheel bearing for my tire (just one) and an alignment. I had been to a couple different places and gotten quotes and most places seemed to price match and make it cheaper for me. Big O Tires gave me the best deal at $243 for both services, all taxes included. John gave me an ASU discount even though I told him I didn't go there because he was really trying to be competitive so I appreciated that. I went in the same day that I called over the phone for a quote (last Friday) and waited about 2 and a half hours for my service to be done. It was almost 6 o clock at this point and John comes out to tell me that he can't finish the work. He can't get the wheel bearing separated from the hub so he needs to replace the entire hub. WTF were you doing for 2 1/2 hours then??  He asks if he can keep my car overnight and finish it on Saturday. I said no because I have work so we arrange for me to come in on Monday.John told me that he would not charge anything for the hub being replaced and I would still pay the same price he quoted me before. So I said okay it's only two days I'll just wait...Over the weekend the wheel bearing became TWICE AS LOUD as it ever was. I thought my tire was going to fall off. I was really scared at this point because I'm pregnant and would not want to get into a car accident. I called John on Saturday and told him that my tire was making crazy loud noises, worse than ever before. I asked if everything was okay and did he put my bearing back on right because it sounds terrible. He said that he "messed up" the bearing when he was trying to get it off and that's why it sounds worse. So I was driving on a doubly F'ed up wheel bearing now. Which is dangerous and can really mess up my two week old tires. I brushed this off because in two short days I was getting all new parts anyway. Monday comes around and I take my car in again and wait another 2 1/2 hours. I was across the street at Applebee's when John called me to tell me my car was ready. He also said he was going to have no charge me an extra $177 for parts and labor for the hub assembly. He said today he still had a hard time separating it from the wheel bearing and so he needed another part for it and he had to charge me labor for that. REAL CONVENIENT that he tells me once I have to come to pay right??Well I yelled at him for wasting my time on Friday and for not giving me an advance notice of the charges. I told him I was NOT paying the extra fee he mentioned because on Friday he told me this service would not cost me any money. He tried to haggle with me saying okay fine I'll pay the parts, you just pay  the labor, fair enough? I said hell no you lied to me. I told him I was not paying any more than the $243 he quoted me. So then he said okay, well with taxes and everything it comes to $265. I said uhhhh NO it doesn't I specifically asked you over the phone what the out the door price would be. I would never have come to this place if I knew it was going to be more money and that I had to come in TWICE just to be disrespected and treated like I'm an F'in idiot. He  tried to pull a fast one and  it did  not work. He's lucky I only yelled at him over the phone from Applebee's. DO NOT GO HERE.
1	This place is terrible. I got new tires from here and the car was shaking when I would brake. Took it back in and the manager stood there while some guy came out from the back and started smarting off. Don't go here. Bad service all around.
1	DON'T EVER GO HERE FOR ANYTHING!!! ITS TERRIBLE!! I got a regular oil change here and they broke something while doing that and didn't tell me. When I checked my car a couple days later I went back to complain and he finally admitted to me that he knew it was broken and he forgot to put it on my receipt!! What liars !!! AVOID This Place !!!
1	WORST PLACE EVER!!!  Make sure you pay before you go in otherwise they will change the quote and charge you more.  It was a good place, now that managment has changed, they are the biggest jerks ever.  And I only got an oil change. NEVER GO HERE!!!
1	This big o is shady don't deal with them.  I bought 4 tires 3 months ago with tire protection plan. One of my tires blew out, a couple days ago so I took it in to get replaced under warranty.  They didn't have the tire so they had to order from another store for me to pick up at 1:30 or two however when I picked up the tire they try to charge me $33 you have to pay for labor and a disposal fee of 4.44 and a new tire protection plan.   This is where I get pissed!  I would not buy a warranty unless everything was said to be covered.  16.95 to mount my tire on the rim. My car wasn't even there I saved them time and no discount. I was trying to work down the price because the manager did not tell me I would have to pay for the tire.  So the tire warranty is 11.50, I ask them to take off the warranty on that tire.  The sleepy mechanic tells me no that I have to buy a warranty, and they are not aloud to give me my damn tire back because "it's an EPA thing I can't give it back because you'll go throw it in a dumpster or alley!" I leave after paying the money and my girlfriend gets pissed call them. They deny the whole thing and tell me I can get my money back but only on the warranty.  These guys are dirtbags don't deal with them.
1	It's been 2 years and that plug is still holding fine through three oil changes. Not a drop of oil spilled.
1	Zero stars. Spread the word, this place has the worst customer service.  I called four hours ahead to book an appointment which they accepted when I got there they told me appointments don't matter if people walk in they take them and that my appointment won't be honored for 3 more hours.  They also told me that if I had came in 15 minutes earlier I would have been first on priority this is strange because I had an appointment I should just have walked in is what they're telling me. 4 hours later I get a phone call telling me they can't perform the work needed on my truck because they don't have the proper tools to do the work and that it is what it is I'm out of luck.  Looking at the rest of the reviews I can deduct that I should have read reviews prior to going there please listen to my advice.
5	I recently bought myself their 80$ coupon and i used it up for an oil change. Super easy, they even checked out any other car parts and found/ showed me that my right tire rod was loose and gave me a quote for it. Super kind! And was surprised they took me back to see what it was, usually places I've been don't show me what they are talking about.I'll keep giving up more updates as i try to use all the coupons on the card.
1	NO STARS!  Will never set foot in this store again, rude customer service, the oldest guy is the worst, over charges on parts, bought them myself and saved $100, brought the parts in for them to put in, knowing I would have to pay their labor fees.  As soon as I dropped the parts with them all the technicians were whispering and gossiping about me and 5 min. later they call me into the shop show me where the part was supposed to go and said I had bought the wrong parts... This was hard for me to grasp since I went to two parts stores and they both gave me the same part.  So I took the parts back went home watched a video on how to install the part on the exact same car, and discovered they were trying to install the parts in a completely different area under the hood.  Idiots! Luckily my dad and friend confirmed this by installing the parts I had bought in the first place, in the correct area of the car no thanks to Big O Tires in Tempe on Rural and Broadway.
5	Excellent service. Oil change and tire rotation=$36 but I got there before noon so it was only $21....Can't best that. Jeremy at the front desk was great, very professional. They have a nice sofa, recliner and tv to relax with while you wait. Definitely my new oil change etc place.
1	Customer service is seriously lacking. They repaired a puncture only to shear off one of the bolts on the tyre. Now, I understand this happens sometimes (assuming the repair dude knew what he was doing), but what makes all the difference in the world is how they handle conundrums like this. Rather than providing free or discounted parts, they put it all on me. The knife was really twisted when the guy at the front desk mentioned that they could have given me free parts had I been a long-term customer. Well, that'll never happen. They did throw in the puncture repair for free, but I've since learned I could have gotten this free somewhere else. Oh, and it would have been a nice little perk if they'd bothered to refasten the spare tyre and jack rather than leaving them rolling around in the back. Avoid if practical.
3	Like any other quick lube place , trust Big O for just that ... Oil changes and tire rotation.  They will try to sell you the classic wallet drain, the fuel injection cleaning.  Just say no.  Get a second opinion on ANYTHING beyond the good old LOF.
5	Came to big O tires this morning to get an oil change and 2 new tires. Jon was very helpful, I advised him that I was in rush and had an appointment. I was in and out within a hour and a half. The customer service was amazing and the speed of service was remarkable. I made it to my appointment on time. Thanks big o, you have a customer for life! - Kristin
1	This place is horrible. They had a $49 Monsoon coupon where they were suppose to change the oil, air filter, wiper blades, rotate tires, ac inspection and top off fluids. It took them 3 hours to do this. They couldn't replace my wiper blades and ended up charging me an extra $15 for more quarts of oil. I was very specific about them checking the AC system because it is 110 outside and the AC wasn't working. When they brought me the keys 3 hours later, I asked the guy about the AC and he said you can wait for them to check it or it probably just needs to be re-charged for $200 but the AC guy isn't here to check that out so you will have to come back later in the week.  On top of all this they didn't top off the fluids because my car over heated a few days later because the coolant was low and they didn't rotate my tires.These guys are idiots, I do not recommend anyone go to this shop. I should of not been charged the full amount the Monsoon deal because they didn't do anything they said was included.
1	If I could give them 0 stars I would. Called for an oil change from the parking lot and was told there was no wait, when I walked in literally less than a minute later they told me there was a 2 hour wait. Jeremy was ride and had no interest in helping me. They DIDN'T rotate like my tires like they were supposed to and were shady about it when I asked them about it. Instead of the price they had listed there were arbitrary fees that made it almost $10 more. Their employees were grimy, shady and not at all courteous or pleasant. I will not be back and will be calling their corp office. What a horrible experience.
1	Took advantage of my ASU student (niece) who had a bald tire and was on her way home for the holidays (los Angeles). Sold her a no name brand tire, one tire, for $90! That's one tire!  When she made it home safely I bought her the whole set at another place for $250! They should be ashamed of themselves! Just because she is young and didn't know what questions to ask.
