5	Nosh Las Vegas presents a unique food tasting tour inside the world famous Caesar's Palace in the heart of the strip. Frozen hot chocolate, Beijing flat noodles,  duck pate, and strip steak are some of the best among the tour.  Don't forget to check out the chocolate time machine that dispenses small boxes of truffles every 15 minutes! A lot of fun and a great way to enjoy a wide variety of cuisine in 2-3 hours.
5	Today I took the first Nosh Las Vegas Tour held in Caesars Palace, and I couldn't be more thrilled with overall concept and presentation. I am native to San Diego, Ca- just visiting Las Vegas for the weekend, and I felt like I accomplished a lot in a very small time. The Las Vegas experience, especially the strip, is highly overwhelming. There are so many things to see or do, but never enough time to tackle it all. Nosh provides you with an engaging tour of not only Caesars Palace, but some of the best eateries in town that would have otherwise taken a week to experience, if at all.The line up is unbelievable from Serendipity, Beijing Noodle #9, and Payard Patisserie & Bistro to the Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill and the Old Homestead Steakhouse. There is something for everyone, and it's a cultural high! These are restaurants I would never be able to set foot in on a college budget, much less get the opportunity to be served by the General Managers and Executive Chefs. It's a priceless experience that thankfully Nosh has priced at $59. And for those used to a high class dinning experience, you won't be disappointed-as the tour and staff have the upmost attention to detail and highly regarded customer service. The tour starts at the iconic Serendipity 3, where the wait staff is attentive and the ambiance enjoyable. You are presented with a great view of the strip and generous samples of their signature frozen hot chocolate (yum!) and a menu item-today we had a Vegas style steak sandwich, You are on the tour with up to fifteen other people, and it's a great environment to meet and socialize with others who bring a unique experience to every tour. From there, we are introduced to a bit of history of Caesars as we venture through our various stops.Stop two-Beijing Noodle #9-is fabulous complete with a handmade noodle demonstration and of course tastes to go with them. As I mentioned, we are introduced to the restaurant and it's significance by the managers, chefs, or waitstaff. It is an enlightening point of view that you wouldn't necessarily receive if you had simply gone to dine in. Particularly in this case, Beijing Noodle #9 has a rich history and art to their food and establishment that made you crave and appreciate their handcrafted food. After, we headed over to Payard Patisserie & Bistro. Three words: Chocolate Time Machine. Yes, in the center of it all was a huge time machine that made fresh chocolate every fifteen minutes. If I could package it to go, believe me I would. After tasting a few chocolate samples, and mouthwatering macaroons-we were given time to shop for souvenirs and ask the manager questions.Next up: Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill started with a sample of Gordon Ramsay's favorite beer which was a great follow up to the chocolates beforehand. Again, a great spiel from the GM, a look around and some delicious deviled eggs and duck.Finally, we concluded with Old Homestead Staekhouse-the best steakhouse. Who doesn't love a great Fillet Mignon and tater tots (again we're talking $59 here)!Trust me, whether you're a native to Las Vegas or a tourist looking for a great Vegas experience-this is your one stop shop. Great food, drinks, people and environment that will exceed your expectations!
5	The food tour I took at Nosh Las vegas inside of Caesar's Palace was awesome. I got to sample so many different foods and restaurants that I might not have chosen to go to on my own. To see noodles being made by hand and then taste them is the only way to eat noodles at Beijing Noodle 9. The macaroons and chocolates are to die for at Payard, you can taste the love in the chocolate from this chocolatier. I loved it, I will definitely be heading back to check out a new beer at the Gordon Ramsey Pub, so cold Hot Chocolate at Serendipity 3 and the Filet Mignon and tater tots at Holmstead were delicious. Thanks Nosh!! This trip is great for couples, friends, or even if you roll James Bond style like me - no sidekick required.
5	I took the Nosh Las Vegas tour today at Caesars Palace and it was amazing!!! Such a great concept. Started out at Serendipity 3 with a little frozen hot chocolate shot and the best chicken tenders ever!! I am going back for those!! Then onto Beijing Noodle #9 for a wonton and cup of noodles. Macaroons and chocolate at Payards and then an amazing deviled egg and pate with a little glass of beer at Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grill. Our final stop was Old Homestead Steakhouse. We received three pieces of steak with some home made tater tots. Just amazing. A great way to sample the restaurants and figure out which ones you want to go to for your next meal!!
5	I went on the Nosh food tour at Caesars Palace over the weekend and the experience far exceeded my expectations! The stops included fine dining restaurants such as Serendipity 3, Beijing Noodle #9, Payard Patisserie and Bistro, Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grill and Old Homestead Stakehouse. The restaurants were places I normally wouldn't grab a bite at but would be more inclined to now after sampling the food and viewing the menu. Our tour guide was very knowledgeable about all the restaurants as well as Caesars Palace and Las Vegas itself. I learned a lot of fun facts that I didn't know despite growing up here. At each of the stops we got a more in depth explanation of foundation of the restaurant by the well informed staff as well as a tour of each place!The food was phenomenal and I would definitely recommend this tour to anyone that 1) loves food 2) wants to sample some places that you normally wouldn't 3) wants to see what kind of fine dining options Caesars Palace has to offer 4) or maybe just want a fun afternoon out learning about the city while eating good food and meeting new people. All in all a great experience!
5	What an incredible experience this food tour was! Being a foodie, I was delighted to check out some new places in town I have never been to. Vegas has some great eats to offer and this tour highlighted some of the best of Ceasers Palace. Our tour guide was excited to share information about both the restaurant stops and Las Vegas itself. We also were able to meet some of the staff at each of the restaurants and get mini tours of each stop. Our tour guide did a good job of keeping the group together in such a busy area although I would suggest having some sort of Nosh sign that is more visible. People around us were curious about what our tour was about and this would help spread the word about this awesome experience. I was pleased with the items that were chosen from each of the restaurants. We got 2-4 items from location and all in all I left feeling pretty full. These tours originated in San Diego and now I am curious to see what those tours have to offer as well! I would suggest this tour for any local who wants to play tourist for a day, or any out of towner as well. You get an amazing bang for your buck and get to meet some fun fellow foodies while doing so!
5	My girl and I were apart of the second day of the Food Tour that will be launching in the next week or so. We weren't sure what it would be all about. We were definitely completely blown away by this unique and very well presented concept and experience. We are Las Vegas locals so we have eaten all over Las Vegas and experienced a lot of shows etc. We loved this tour. The staff was very knowledgeable about the Restaurants we visited and the Caesar's hotel as well. Not only did we get to taste great food from 5 different places, but we also got to learn some things about them you wouldnt know about just by going to eat there. We thought that this concept will definitely be a success. A very different Las Vegas experience that people can enjoy.
5	Where to start? Nosh Las Vegas Caesars Palace tour was as exquisitely delicious as it was interesting! The guide, helped with managers and key personnel in every restaurant visited, provide us with tons of information on both the facility visited and general historical fact about Las Vegas. Each stop allows us to learn about the restaurant, the concept and the food or drink we are about to sample. Everywhere we go, we are warmly welcomed and can see that the person welcoming us is happy to share who they are (as a restaurant) and what they have to offer. Between delicious sampling, historical facts and mind blowing demonstrations there is something for everybody's palate and enough to peak everyone's  interest. One thing that is very interesting is the variety of the stops. From the more casual and budget friendly to the more refine, the discoveries are sure to help you find your next treat here in town! Great tour, awesome staff. For sure something to experience at least once...as for us...we're looking forward to go for a second helping!
5	I LOVE Las Vegas, and I go a few times a year.  It's helpful to have "new" stuff to do, especially when you've really seen all that the Strip has to offer.  However, this past weekend, my girlfriend and I went on a food tour.  It was SO much fun!  Nosh Las Vegas does a great job with its tour operations, giving guests 2.5 hour tours inside hotels and their restaurants.  My favorite spots on our tour were the rainbow assortment of macaroons from Payard and the AMAZING (read that again, AMAZING) steak samples (and tater tots!) from Old Homestead Steakhouse.  I'm taking another tour when I'm in Vegas again!
5	This past weekend, I took a food tour hosted by Nosh Las Vegas.  Nosh Las Vegas apparently has a San Diego food tour company that is pretty popular, and I'm betting Nosh Las Vegas will have the same success here in Vegas!We went to five restaurants, including Beijing 9, where the chef from Hong Kong made noodles right in front of us.  Trust me, you have never appreciated what it takes to make a noodle.  This was like pizza making, Ph. D level.  I digress!I can't wait to try another tour by Nosh Las Vegas, but right now, they just have the Caesars Palace one.  Our fun tour guide, Joel, mentioned we should check back on their website because that's where we'll find news on the latest routes. Thanks, Nosh Las Vegas!
5	Simple idea; well executed.  Nosh Las Vegas is a great "well, what are we going to do in the middle of the day in Vegas" concept.  You get to eat, you get to be entertained by a cool tour guide, you get to hang out with other peeps, and you get to walk around and meet chefs.  My husband and I did the Caesars Palace tour route, but I hear more tour routes will be offered, too.  Locals were on our tour, and that was neat, so it doesn't feel "just for tourists." This is something Vegas was so in need of.  Thanks for bringing a fun tour to Vegas, Nosh Las Vegas!
5	Food is the big deal in Vegas now!  With the hundreds of incredible restaurants that now exist on the Strip alone, how are you going to attempt to try them all...We heard of Nosh Las Vegas through a foodie friend who went on their San Diego "Bite" tour, an it was fantastic! We got incredible "bites" and history of Vegas on one tour the bests food spots.a) get a great sampling of a number of restaurants in a few hours b) get fed and c) maybe learn something about Vegas' off color history, and yes, there is quite a heaping serving of that. I went on the Caesars Palace tour, a perfect spot to be the backdrop of a food tour in Las Vegas.  Did you know that Nobu has a new hotel within Cesars, which is now the 10th largest hotel in the world!The tour is about 2.5 hours, just a perfect time frame, and our guide was passionate about Las Vegas (he's been here since the 80s) and the scene Vegas has become. I would certainly recommend this tour to friends, couples, business groups, and anyone looking to do something a bit different on the Strip besides the usual stand-by activities.
5	Had a great experience with  two Girl Friends at the Nosh Taste of Sandiego Food Tasting Tour  September 9th at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas, Nevada ! Sampled Rest Beijing Noodle 9, Gordon Ramsay Pub & Old Homestead Steakhouse to name a few! This was an awesome experience! I am a Gourmet Cook and owned a Catering Company at age 19, I know a great food experience LOL my two guest were a Certified Chef and a Foodie Elly G who has a popular Food Blog, they both agreed the selection of restaurants, the quality of the food, the variety of Trendy, (Noodle 9)Traditional (Old Homestead Steakhouse) (Serendipity) Fun was a nice contrast there was also a visit to a Chocolate Factory (Payard) to complete our experience!  Like Nosh on FB to follow their next tour!
5	This is has been you many times in Vegas:   You already did the pool lounge day clubs.  You already went to all the night clubs.  So what are you going to do in the middle of late afternoon?  Probably nothing, unless you take a really fun tour from Nosh Las Vegas, a food tour company that originally started in San Diego.  For nearly 3 hours, a tour guide will take you around some fab restaurants (in our case it was Caesars Palace) and you'll get to sample fantastic mini servings from five restaurants.  The chefs and managers come out to talk about their places, too, which is fun, although Gordon Ramsay wasn't there at his Gordon Ramsay Pub when my three friends and I went.  (Darn!) His favorite beer though, was tasty.  It was such a good time for me and the girls and the BEST way to spend an afternoon in Vegas. (It was also perfect timing as we worked up an appetite at the pools). I look forward to doing another tour soon with Nosh Las Vegas!  Note- book early.  The tours are booked WAY in advance because they limit their tours to about 15 folks..
5	My husband and I LOVED this tour. It's pretty much impossible to try food at all of Vegas' newest restaurants and this company makes it easy! Great for anyone over 21 - couples, friends, families and corporate or girl groups. Our tour was 2 and a half hours at Caesars Palace and everything was so well done. I can't wait until they have tours at every hotel!
5	What a great idea! I was familiar with the San Diego sister tour so when I heard they were open in Vegas, I was in! For someone like me (a mom who loves the outdoors and not the club scene or topless sunbathing at a pool club), this is a Vegas activity really anyone can enjoy. The Caesars Palace tour, which covers 5 stellar restaurants and is led by a guide, is awesome.I left the baby at home, which was good, since this tour is 21 and up, like many things in Las Vegas. :) But happy to report that there are drink samples on the tour as well.It's an overall awesome tour for food lovers. A unique Vegas experience that feels like Vegas, but wasn't all-out Vegas, you know?
5	I thought Vegas didn't have much history.  Look at the Strip-there's hardly anything not more than 20 years old, but I was wrong!   I went on a tour from Nosh Las Vegas last month, which is part history, part foodie fantasy, and I learned a lot from our guide, Joel.  Did you know, for instance, that Caesars Palace was started by a guy who owned just a motel and got in with the mob?  The place was called Caesars after the thought that people would think "luxury" a la Julius Caesars in his day. The portions of the food samples, particularly that "frozen" hot chocolate from Serendipity, were GREAT.  I'm going on the next tour I hear about from Nosh!
5	My husband and I often do food tours in the cities we visit and this one wasn't a disappointment. The one we went on included about 5 stops among the many eateries in Caesar's Palace, including several places I'm sure we wouldn't have found on our own. Good local guide and the other attendees were a lot of fun, as well. And according to the several locals on our tour, it was just as fun for those who live in L.V. as tourists--give it a try!
5	My Fiance and I loved the Nosh tour. We absolutely loved it. The tour guid was great and not only was he knowledgeable about the restaurants, but he was extremely knowledgeable of the history of Ceasers Palace. The Restaurants were all high end restaurants located in Ceasers Palace. The restaurant Managers took time out of there busy day to spend time with us giving us a tour of there restaurant and sample there food.What a great way to sample several restaurants!!!We recommend anyone visiting Vegas to take a few hours to take the tour!!!
5	Very nice experience. Joel is personable and usually pretty funny. Food was great. Chicken and Frozen Hot Chocolate at Serendipity 3. Chocolate was good but kind of gimmicky. Chicken was out of this world. Nice noodles and dumplings at Beijing No. 9 Noodle place. Watching them make the hand made noodles is a great show. Payard had some wonderful sweets. Gordon Ramsey - nice pub food. Old Homestead Steakhouse - outstanding steak, ok tater tots. Overall a great experience and worth the money.
5	Just did the Nosh tour at Cesars. It was such a great experience. Highly recommend it! Great deal too! The only thing i wish they did was save the sweets towards the end as opposed to right in the middle/beginning of the tour. Come hungry!!
5	Whether regular price or on a voucher, one must definitely give this walking food tour a try!  Awesome! A+ Tour!  Walking is minimal. Comfortable. Whether w/ a group or solo.  Everyone made to feel welcome.  Choices and selection were outstanding. From Serendipity3 (froz hot choc and chicken strips), Bejing Noodle #9 (seafood dumpling, little noodle bowl, and really neat noodle making demonstration), Payard Patisserie for truffles, macaroon and other sweet samples, to Gordon Ramsay's Pub for beer sample, deviled egg sample, and a duck pate sample, to last stop of Old Homestead Steakhouse for a great sample of tater tots (not your frozen kind) crispy outside , light and fluffy inside, with strips of steak to sample.  Outstanding!  Outstanding samples, friendly and knowledgeable tour guide (Joel).  Shared information on restaurants, menu, and Las Vegas in general.  You walk away with knowledge of the restaurants, their menus, their inspiration and you even get a list of the hours of the restaurants and phone contact numbers to follow up with a visit.  Loved this tour. I hope to revisit the same tour on another trip. I hope another tour centering on Caesar's Palace other dining options might be made available too.  Maybe including Mesa, or Spago, etc. Or maybe even centering on MGM hotel area.  I hope to see other Vegas tours offered.  Vegas is a gem and has alot of dining opportunities.  But Nosh knows how to make it all shine and provide a comfortable, easily accessible opportunity for one to learn, love, and try new culinary delights with an affordable price tag that won't break the bank.  Thank you Nosh.  Loved it all. Thanks for a great time!  Cheers!
5	A coworker and I took the Nosh Las Vegas tour on November 23rd.  Presently the tour operates only on Saturdays and Sundays and starts at 3 PM.  The group size is limited to keep it manageable.  We happened to have 6 no-shows for our tour, resulting in 10 participants. The 5 restaurants on the tour were all  of excellent quality and reputation.  This is not an eat - and -dash event.. so plan on  about   2  to 2 1/2 hours for the tour.  At each stop the guide will give you information about each restaurant's history, specialties and  facilities prior to  the  actual tasting.  Managers at each location  then  also  take time from busy schedules to meet with the group and  promote what makes them  special.   Personal pride in their restaurants was obvious at every stop.  Truly a great way to get a "taste" of the cuisine as well as the dining accommodations at several top notch eateries, all of which you will likely want to revisit in the future to enjoy more fully.  Our tour included both  sweet and savory  items, not in any particular order, but since  this was only a tasting I didn't mind having dessert before my entree.  I am not mentioning specific eateries because the line up may not always be the same for all tours.  Great way to spend some time  while in Las Vegas.
4	We enjoyed this tour last weekend.  Here's a few comments to help you decide whether or not to do it:Booking was easy on their website.Meet up location was not inside as stated on the instructions after booking.  Instead, we met outside in the freezing cold (Vegas is in the 30's/40's right now) with the wind blowing hard.  Disappointing.  Then, the guide started the tour by giving us some history/trivia about Vegas (very cool) but he did it in our outdoor meeting area which was right under a blaring speaker of music that is piped in the outdoor area.  Hard to hear him.  10 steps away was a quiet serene place that he could've done this.Tour guide Joel is awesome - very knowledgeable, doesn't go too fast, cares about the group's experience.We visited 5 locations and it took 2.5 hours to do so.  That's fine, because nothing dragged on.  The problem is that I was told on the phone and by email that the tour would start at 3p and end at 430p.  I was upset that we were just barely getting to our 5th restaurant at 510pm.  We had somewhere to be at 530pm so we had to leave the tour early (we tasted the food there first though).Ok - now to the food.  AMAZING, except for our last stop.  All stops had plentiful tasting portions and by the end we were full - a perfect early dinner!  The first 4 stops were absolutely delicious, and fun too.  The manager/host at each restaurant was clearly proud of their work and happy to share info with us about what we were eating, how it's made, etc.  The 5th/last stop was pizza - and it was gross.  Yuck.  My husband and I agree it was the greasiest pizza we had ever eaten....the crust was soaked in it it was that bad.  Yuck again.  Shocking that this stop was included because the first 4 stops were outstanding, using high quality ingredients and techniques.  Yuck on the pizza.  Ok - I think I've got that out of my system now.Overall - we'd happily sign up for this tour again the next time we're in Vegas....even if it means hearing the same spiel from each restaurant manager and tasting the same food because it was that good.  Oh - except for the pizza....we'd skip the last stop.  And now that we know the tour will last until 530p and it meets outside, we would be better prepared.
2	I just returned from my tour with Nosh Las Vegas.  My voucher said we would visit 5 to 7 restaurants.  Instead, we went to 3 plus a fast food pizza place.  We met at Serendipity3, but we did not eat there.  No explanation was given and no replacement was added.  We went to Bejing Noodle, Payard and Gordon Ramsey but, because Old Homestead was closed, we went to the fast food pizza place.  Really?  I do not consider this an adequate replacement for Old Homestead.  Therefore, i feel that we did not get the true experience and cannot recommend this tour to anyone.  As this is a food tour, I expected to receive more information about the restaurants and not just about Las Vegas or Caesars Palace.  Shame on you, Nosh Las Vegas for trying to substitute Old Homestead with a fast food pizza place and for omitting Serendipity3.  I definitely did not get what I paid for and consider this false advertising on your part.
5	Did the tour on Sun/22 Dec with the Joel, a great guide:- I had a TravelZoo voucher so the tour was only $29 (retail $59).  Considering the quality food establishments and amount of food samples (and a couple of beers), I'd say the tour is worth doing even at the full $59 price. - Joel was answered questions in depth and helped me on the tour, which ran about 3 pm - 5:30 pm.- I was impressed that at each eatery the manager gave us a briefing on their place.  Nosh goes out of it's way to integrate it's tour with each business/staff.- Ate so much that the tour filled me up for lunch & dinner.- Looking forward to Nosh creating new Vegas food tours that I can sign up for.Tour included: - At 3 pm meeting at Serendipity 3 on the Strip, we got a quick history on Caesars/Vegas then about 3:25 pm we were eating inside Caesars.- Beijing Noodle No 9: Handmade noodles with pork, and dumplings- Payard Patisserie & Bistro: Lots of chocolate/sweet goodies- Old Homestead Steakhouse: Steak sample with homemade tater tots- Gordon Ramsay's Pub & Grill: Couple of food samples (one of them was these exquisite deviled eggs), draft beer (I had a couple, and we could keep the beer cup with the biz' logo on it), and artisanal water that's the brand favored by Gordon Ramsay himself).- Slice: So much pizza (3 or 4 different types).
4	I was torn between a 3 and 4 star rating. I bought my tickets on Living Social, so I'm happy about that...if I paid full price I'd be really disappointed. We're major foodies and we've lived in Vegas for a long time. That being said, we did find somewhere we would return to but I feel like this tour is geared toward tourists. Along the tour you get a bit of history about Vegas and Caesars. We got to stop at 5 eating establishments and sample their fare. My favorites  was Bejing Noodle #9 and Payard, we'd return to both.    Some parts of the tour seemed rushed. They also need to give out water at the beginning of the tour instead of the end, living in the desert we are use to having water with us every where we go, so we were good, but if we didn't have our bottle we would've been spending big $$ in the casino for one.We had a good time and were full at the end so those are pluses.  I'd love to try the San Diego tour and see how it stacks against Vegas.
5	As locals, we were concerned that this would be more of a history lesson than we cared to take.  Before the tour started, Joel surveyed the group, and I guess he geared his presentation accordingly, so that we weren't bored.  The food was excellent ; places we didn't know existed in such a cavernous property, and will return to again.  The managers at each stop appeared to be happy to have us, and there is no substitute for warmth and hospitality.  Would love to see this extended to other Caesars properties...
5	Did the tour last week, 2/22, with 3 friends.  We are all locals, and we enjoyed every bit of it.  You can always learn something new about Vegas History!  All the restaurants we visited gave a good background of how they came to be as well as what the specialties were.  The food was amazing!  I would go back to all of them to enjoy a full dinner or dessert!!  Our guide was fun, the company was great, and the tour very enjoyable!  I hear they may expand to other casinos, so if so , I will defiantly go back.  If someone is in town, I would also revisit this one to give them a little taste of Caesars!!
4	My fiance and I are locals, and took the tour as a gift from her father. We were very pleased with the selection of restaurants, and the knowledge of our tour guide Joel who did a great job providing history of Caesars as well as the restaurants we visited.It is a commercial opportunity for the five restaurants involved, so the "pure foodie" might be offended. We realized this early on, and enjoyed the information, the tour and the tasting.We visited Beijing Noodle No. 9, Payards, Old Homestead Steakhouse, Gordon Ramsay, and Slice. The only disappointment was Payard where all we tasted was a truffle and a macaroon (we really wanted to try the crepes, which they prepared for us but we didn't get to taste for some reason). Slice, a fantastic pizza find hidden in the food court, was second best after Beijing Noodle #9... the surprise find of the tour. Inexpensive, tasty, and accessible is how Joel described it, and we agreed. Neither of us left the tour hungry!We will try other tours as they expand in the Las Vegas market.
4	I did the tour with my mom on March 9, and we loved it. What we had- Beijing Noodle No 9: Pork dumplings and noodles with scrambled egg and tomato. The noodles were amazing and a really nice portion in a bowl about the size of my hand. I can't wait to go back for a larger bowl of them. - Payard Patisserie & Bistro: Dark chocolate truffles, trail mix chocolates in milk/dark/white, assorted truffles with wafer, white chocolate, and raspberry options, and another amazing truffle that I can't even try to spell right now. We also watched crepes being made. - Old Homestead Steakhouse: New York prime sample and tater tots (best tater tots I've ever had, and phenomenal steak. It was served right after being cooked, nice and hot) - Gordon Ramsay's Pub & Grill: Deviled eggs, Fuller (I think?) beer, and pork pate on breadEverything was AMAZING, and I'll be going back to every single one except... - Slice: Cold pizza. Some cheese and pineapple pizza, a pepperoni pizza, and pepperoni and sausage? The pizza was a huge let down, both in location (from a celebrity cheft to a food court, really?) and quality (even if it were warm I highly doubt the pizza would have been good). They could have ended the tour on a high note with any of the other selections. It seemed like the pizza place was trying to stay ahead of the game and have the pizza waiting for us when we got there, but they clearly set it out too early since it was room temperature and the cheese was hard. I'm not a pizza fan to begin with, so I personally was extra disappointed. Otherwise, I was very full and happy after the tour and I'm just going to pretend the last 15 minutes of it just didn't happen. Joel was a great tour guide, and he seemed to balance the city information for the tourists well without boring us locals to death with things we already knew.
4	My husband and I both enjoyed the Nosh tour in Las Vegas.  It was a little over 2 hours long and we sampled dishes from 5 restaurants  Except for the dessert place we had our own little private area where we were greeted by the manager, chef, or food server to learn about their restaurant and what they were serving us.  Nice size samples and a great variety.  A lot of fun and looking forward to more offerings in the Las Vegas area!
5	My boyfriend and I went on our tour just a few days ago! Joel was our Nosh guide and he really knew his stuff! We had tons to eat and learned a lot about the Caesar Palace restaurants. We can't stop talking about our tour and we can't wait to do another one!
5	My husband and I really enjoyed this tour.  We did the tour on April 26, 2014.  We liked  being able to sample the restaurants without having to spend a lot of money and not knowing if we were going to like the food or not.  This way we can try it and then decide if we choose to return for a meal.. We recommend this tour to everyone who is  a foodie.  You won't be disappointed.
4	my husband and i are long time locals and big time foodies. we felt that the tour was enjoyable and suited to locals as well as tourists.  it gave us the opportunity to discover  five new eateries.   although we are diverse diners, we were introduced to some dishes that we  had never experienced before. joel, our tour guide, provided us with interesting tidbits about vegas and caesars that we were not familiar with. in response to the negative remarks about the pizza, our pizza was hot and tasty.overall, a most pleasant experience.ROBERTA G.
4	We decided to take the Nosh food tour as we saw a groupon advertised prior to our trip to Las Vegas. We were skeptical about what go expect on our tour but as food and restaurant lovers we decided to give it a shot and boy are we glad we did. Our guide Joel was very knowledgeable about each location and gave us a great overview of Las Vegas restaurants without being long winded or boring. We stopped at 5 different restaurants within caesars: Beijing noodle house no. 9, Payard's, Old homestead steakhouse, Gordon Ramsay's pub and Slice. We were very much impressed with the quality of the food, the time the managers of each restaurant gave our group to explain highlights of their restaurant and the efficiency of the whole tour. I highly recommend the Nosh food tour to anyone who loves trying new food and restaurants and need a lil bit of a break from the regular Las Vegas scene.
5	My family went on this tour on Father's Day, and it was fantastic! We were in a group of 16 (we were 6 of the 16) and Joel was our tour guide. I've lived in Vegas for most of my life, worked both on and off the strip, and he was sharing facts and information that I'd never heard. I learned a lot about my city on this tour. He was personable, funny, and really engaging.New about the food. We went to 5 different restaurants in Caesars Palace. We started at Beijing #9. The manager came out and spoke to us, we saw a demonstration of them making noodles by hand (which they do daily in front of the restaurant so you can see that without being on the tour), and then we sampled a won ton and a bowl of noodles (chicken in sauce over hand stretched noodles). New, when you hear "sample" - you think the tiny view you get at Costco - not on this tour! We had a bowl if noodles and chicken that I would have considered a hefty snack. The second place we stopped was Payard Patisserie. A sample of their truffles, crepe making demonstration, sample of the macaroons, chocolate fruit and nut wafers, and another chocolate. My diabetic parents were starting to get concerned! The chocolate was amazing, there was a nice choice of dark, milk, (and for those allergic to cocoa) white. Leaving Payard, we were off to the Homestead Steakhouse where we were greeted by the manager. He told us the history of the steakhouse (been running continuously since 1868!!!), and we sampled the sirloin and potatoes. AMAZING! The meat was tender and flavorful, the potatoes were crispy and light. Off to Gordon Ramsay Pub where we had a tour of the pub and a tasting of sine beer and appetizers. I am not a drinker (outside of diet coke) but I enjoyed the beer. The deviled egg was pretty tasty too.Or last stop was pizza in the food court. New I found the pizza to be a little greasy, but my dad, from NYC, thought it was pretty great.Throughout the whole tour Joel kept us entertained with tidbits of trivia about the restaurants, the hotel, the strip, and Vegas in general. Absolutely amazing tour!
5	I had a blast on this tour. Joel, our guide was full of fun facts, corney (but funny) jokes and kept the mood upbeat and fun throughout the tour. The food was amazing. I really enjoyed going to the different places and getting samples of delicious food. There was not a single thing I did not enjoy! Don't think "samples" in the traditional sense I would describe them more like tapas portions. I really liked all the facts about Vegas and the casinos too. My only suggestion would be that the guide have a microphone or amplifier of some kind so the whole group can hear them despite the bustle of the casino. So if your a local or a tourist and want a fun, informational activity for the afternoon and enjoy food, this is for you!  I will definitely be back!
5	We went on the Nosh Las Vegas tour June 28. Joel was our tour guide, and did an awesome job. I bought the tour off of Groupon, and it was well worth the money. We went to 5 different restaurants, Beijing #9, Payard Patisserie, Homestead Steakhouse, Gordon Ramsey's pub, and the Caesar's place food court. My favorite place was the Homestead Steakhouse, a lot of history, and the New York Strip and tater tots were to die for. There were several in the group who had already been to Gordon Ramsey's Pub, and did not give it a favorable review. But, I thought the food was very good, and thoroughly enjoyed. I also like Gordon Ramsey, met him once at a Marriott in Brooklyn, NY...nice and approachable, also an avid runner. The tour was a great run down and different look at Caesar's Place. I would definitely recommend it to everyone.
5	It was so easy to book this tour, our tour guide Joel was awesome. So much information on each restaurant we went into as well as info on the city and how Vegas is a big mecca for food now! We went back to 2 of the 5 restaurants we visited on our tour. Would have loved to have gone to all of them, but we only had one day left  in Las Vegas. Definitely will be going back once they start opening more tours
5	This is a great tour  with a small intimate group.  Food was amazing and learning about Ceasars and the restauarants.  Would recommend to anyone!!!
1	Do not buy a groupon for this tour. Spaces are very limited. I purchased one a few days ago, only to find out the entire month of October has been booked, for "voucher guests." I do not care about the worthless voucher, I just want to book the tour. I have been in contact with Jered in guest relations only to get the run around. Even after informing him the I'm willing to pay the full price, he still gives me a bunch of B.S. First he he tells me that the tour will "most likely" be moving to the Mirage, and if I'm still interested get back to him. After letting him know I was still interested he said the tour is full for "voucher guests." Then I suggest another day, which is of course is not available for " voucher guests" either. Then, it turns out that the entire month of October is booked. Now I am waiting for him to get back to me again to let me know when I can plan another trip from Hawaii fit into Jered's scheduling. Ridiculous.
