5	This was the best experience I ever had buying a swim suit! I'm not in perfect shape but actually enjoyed trying on their suits. I went in for one good bikini but ended up buying two.The best part of this store is they sell SEPARATES in bikinis! I was able to get a different size top than bottom for my red bikini. ALSO, they have different options of bottoms for each bikini so I got a standard bottom and a sexier string bottom for the same bikini. I love having a choice depending on how I feel about my body each day...as all ladies can relate! I spent a bit more than usual on a swimsuit but it was welllll worth it! My sister sent me to this store because she has had a bikini from there for years and it still looks great, in perfect shape.The cover ups are great too, and many can double as dresses, but I didn't buy any of those.  P.S. They're in Fashion Show Mall.
1	Browsed around for easily 30 minutes in this tiny store and wasn't offered help once!There were 5 sales associates, and me. No help.Another customer walked in with her daughter and they were quick to say hello, offer help, and start a fitting room. WTH!Too bad, because I was in the market for a new suit.
1	Everything but water AND good customer service. nuff' said.
3	Very pricey. Yes, I know that it's a specialty store, and the swimsuits are sold as separates (a plus for those of us who have different sizes, like me, I'm a reverse triangle shape), yada yada yada. But seriously $159 for a simple short (meaning, not much material) coverup? Are you serious?! That's pretty crazy since the Macy's in the same shopping center, has separates for $28 & $24 for the "Hula Honey" line. Also, the coordinating coverup was also $28. I'm just trying to get an idea of the new stuff I wanna get, before our next trip to the beach.  That said, the clerk was nice and did check in with me a couple times, but I was just browsing. There were several customers making a purchase. Clean store, lots of choices, but very expensive.
5	I had a great experience here... beautiful swim suits! Bought one but then changed my mind a few weeks later and exchanged the unused bathing suit for a different one! They didnt have my size but ordered one for me and shipped to my house no charge which arrived in just a few days! Love it thanks!
4	Consider me a fan. I popped in here on the hunt for a fabulously Vegas swimsuit. And despite this being a small shop, they had lots of options. And the staff were very helpful and friendly. If you hate swimsuit shopping and are looking for something fabulous, come here. Fair warning, though, these are designer swimsuits, so they cost a lot. And most designer swimsuits are rather skimpy. But hey, when in Vegas...
