4	This new brewery is situated in the popular south end of Charlotte. They have a wide variety of brews including a few wine options for those wanting something other than beer.  The building was a mechanic shop that was renovated to its now functioning brewery.  The decor in the main areas is American Pride influenced with a flag attached to a hardwood wall.  The dining area in the back feels a bit disconnected with the decor of most breweries.  It is a solid white all with pictures adorning the walls. Once outside, you will see a huge covered patio area. When I was there for he grand opening, they had food trucks outside which added a great touch to the event.  I would hope they will continue to host food trucks or offer food of their own.  The opening was a packed event and no one left disappointed.  What a great new addition to the south end!
5	Alrighty.  My new 'go to' place, hands down.  Great staff and owners, Esb and cream delicious.  It was fun sitting at the bar watching the LSU game Saturday night, very comfotable atmosphere.  Doggies and food truck a plus.  I like to go alone just for a cold one, and the folks (patrons and staff) could not have made me feel more welcome.
3	Went on Friday a week after the opening.  Beer was good, but place was super crowded.  Will probably go back when this place is opened for a longer time.
4	I had the oppurtunity to pop in to this new kid on the block last weekend and I can confirm it WILL be popular.  I think it may have been around 7-8pm on a Saturday so the place was packed, inside and out. From what I could see the seating was ample and the outdoor portion was well thought out.  The parking might become an issue but I think eventually foot traffic will be the main form of transportation to this place.The beers.  The beers looked diverse with your typical stout, porter, IPA lineup and I had a chance to try the IPA.  It was actually pretty great.Ultimately I'd like to come back on a weekday to really enjoy the place without the crowds.
5	This place is amazing! Friendly staff, live music, awesome food trucks, and most importantly DELICIOUS BEER! I can't wait to go back!
5	As a beer enthusiast and interior designer, I can say this is the best brewery I have ever been to. I tried a wide range of their beer selection and found each one to be supremely smooth and delicious. They have wine on tap too! The prices were really affordable as well.The tap room has a great combination of modern minimalism and rustic charm, and it's just huge! There is a large outdoor area where I was able to order food from a food truck (a bahn mi, nooooommm)  and a soccer field (yes this bar has a mini soccer field!) plus it's dog friendly! (leash required) It looked like there was a stage for live music as well. There's a large glass window by the bar where you can look in and watch the beer being dutifully brewed, and the bar itself looks like some kind of gorgeous copper slab. They seem to brew small batches so you are always able to try something new and fresh every time you go. The bar tenders are knowledgeable and adorable. I can't wait to go back, I wish I could give 10 stars!
5	Again...hands down....a 'welcome back' makes my heart sing.  Love this joint!  So nice..and love the ESB! :-)
3	I've been here three or four times since they've opened, one which was their grand opening event. Seeing as I could almost hit their venue with a rock from my back door, I really want to love this place. Don't get me wrong, I'm a huge supporter of the local craft beer scene in Charlotte and for that I will continue to give them a shot and let them get a few batches in before I swear em' off. However, it is my support of the craft beer scene that makes it hard for me to offer four or five stars (at least right now) when compared to the rest of the breweries in town. Honestly the third star is more for the venue, the vibe and mutual love of good live bands than the beer.The one beer that I find myself consistently drawn to vs. the rest on the menu is the Friday Star IPA but when it isn't on tap or sold out, I find my visits short-lived.Like I said, I'll continue to give Sycamore some time to perfect their brews and hope that I find myself updating my review in the coming months.
5	I stopped by for a beer on Saturday and had a great time! They had a band playing on the outdoor stage, which was a really nice touch.  The staff were super friendly and helpful.  They recommended that I try the 'Silver Stag White IPA'.  Really tasty!!I loved the vibe in the brewery. Very rustic with a laid back feel. I will definitely be going back soon.
