4	Why on earth would I be at a JCPenney's in Las Vegas you ask? Well, on our recent trip to Vegas, hubby needed a few things that he had forgotten at home and it seemed that JCPenney would be our closest and most viable option to get these items.While I'm not a fan of JCPenney's, I have to say that the store was clean and the staff was nice. We also hit a Doorbuster Sale and I was able to get some sweatshirts at a ridiculous price ($15).  Even better was our sweet cashier, Reggie, who used one of the coupons she had at the counter to save us $15 since we had a fun time in the store and spent more than we had planned. In essence, one of my sweatshirts was free.Going to Penney's was a gamble but this time I won! ;)
5	This review is specifically for the JC Penney salon inside this particular JC Penney, not the store as a whole (although I do shop there, but I salon there more often!).Ever since I was a little girl, I remember going to this exact salon with my grandmother to get her hair done. Well now the tradition will live on through me as I have found my most favorite hairdresser I have ever had.I have been going to this salon for over a year, but I recently got a new hairdresser for 2010 due to some scheduling conflicts, and she has been AMAZING. Candee is really cool, laid back, has awesome hair (shouldn't every hairdresser have that??) and just has a 6th sense about what he customers will love and will flatter them the most. I had been getting my hair in a pixie cut since October, but until I had her I only knew of how to style it in one way, and now I have a lot more options. She gives great opinions on what products to use and I always make sure to reschedule. Usually JCPenney will have contests too if you reschedule for a free haircut which is super nice. I have yet to win, but the option is there! Also on the receipt they give you there is a survey for 15% off your next in-store purchase which if you take it, it will also help out your hairdresser to get awards. You give some, you get some!Overall this salon is very neat and tidy, and if you do happen to get something other than your hair done, their salon in the back for waxing, etc. is GORGEOUS. Total ambiance, very relaxing, and neat and professional. The price is always reasonable and I have never left that salon unhappy especially now that I have Candee as my main hairdresser. I go once every 4 weeks like clockwork and always look forward to it. My hair has never looked better in any other hands and if you get the right person I know you will love this salon as much as I do!
5	Alrighty, finally went back to shop! My mom went here to look for clothes for herself which she did find a lot (my Penney's card is pissed haha) and all at sale prices. While she was trying things on in the junior's department (which the dressing rooms were actually clean, amazingly enough) I browsed and came across a pair of capris I just needed to have in my closet. So cute, and so on sale for $14.99. Back a few years ago when working at JC Penney there was a bit of a tale that was told to us associates that a lot of the very rich, millionaires and the like, kept hold of their money by shopping at JC Penney. I can see why with all the many deals and discounts they have to offer on quality goods. They have a great return policy and a ton of brands. This particular store is 2 floors and they have a vast selection of almost anything you need. My mother and I went to check out, and lo and behold they had an extra deal involving scratchcards that would get you an extra 15, 20, or 30% off. The girl behind the register was freakin' awesome and let us scratch off like 5 of the cards until we got 20%. Too cool! We also were allowed to use it the rest of the day but I needed to get the hell out of there before I went back for a second pair of those capris that my poor small apartment closets just cannot hold! Overall the price, quality, and customer service is always up to par in any Penney's I go to, but the Boulevard I end up frequenting the most. A+ guys, I'm glad I worked for your company as my first job ages ago.
5	This location is the second largest in town, right after the Meadows, which I have never been to.  I went to purchase a suit and received great service.  Their selection is huge, Galleria's is like a closet and this one one is like a living room.  They also measured me and had great customer service.  The salesperson also walked us over to suits and ties and helped us there.  They are also doing the alterations for us and gave us a 10% discount because there was a loose thread on the jacket, even though the tailor is going to fix it.  We received real personal service.  This store is huge too, if you need anything from their ads, just come here first.  The Grand Canyon and Galleria stores are small, must've been their trend to build smaller, newer stores, I don't know...
4	I don't really shop here regularly, mostly only during the Black Friday sales. But I do have family members who shop here on a regular basis, my sister, my brother-in-law, my mother-in-law (my husband's mom) and my mom (who bought my sister and me jewelry one year for Christmas). Good selection on active wear (Adidas and own labels like St. John's Bay) including swimwear (summer). Good selection on jewelry- tanzanite stands out (I chose a smoky topaz (brown) silver bracelet and matching necklace- one piece was for my birthday, also in the same month, I don't remember what my sister chose). The winter coats for women is particularly impressive- watch for sales, especially during Black Friday, otherwise the prices are ridiculous, $200-$300. I had a classic black wool pea coat on my wish list one Christmas- it is one of my warmest coats. Good selection on men's clothing and suits. Come to think of it, I've gotten lots of clothing from here, via Christmas or Birthday gifts. Better deals for credit card holders- mailed coupons.  This store is pretty big. There is a hair salon, gift wrap center, and other customer center (JCP catalog) in the back. The covered parking garage connects to this side. BTW, two entrances each lead to each major wing of the mall.
4	Jc Penny has great quality clothes at decent prices. I was really impressed with the clerk "Edith" she was professional and offered us a 20% discount coupon without even asking. Nice to see people taking pride in there job and caring for there customers. The only bad part was another female clerk was working next to her with her breasts falling out of her shirt. Come on lady I had my wife and kids with my 70 year old Mother in Law with me. Show some class.
