5	Excellent location and great service.  You can tell the therapists love working here and they do great massages.  When I got into the room Kurt asked what kind of massage I wanted, pressure and type.  My back was killing me when I went in, and it has felt great since. I will be back again in two weeks.-- thank you!
5	It was a perfect way for me to start the weekend.  Jen, my massage therapist, was fantastic.  She did a quick consultation before the session, asked me my preferences, my daily routine, and any impact areas.  First couple of minutes into the massage, she made quick adjustments to her technique to match my level of comfort.  After the massage, she gave me an assessment of what she noticed and recommended a course of action for the muscles.  Very impressed with the service.The ambiance is great, the massage was great.  Highly recommend it!
5	This place is great! I got a gift certificate for my wife to get a massage and she was super happy with the service she received!
5	Elements is great!  The ambiance of Elements begins when you first take step into the lobby area.  The colors, decor, soft music playing in the background, helpful and carrying staff all add to the experience.  I had not received many professional massages because of the lack of comfort level with other operations, but i immediately felt at ease with my massage therapist.  She took the time to see which areas were bothering me and had me complete an assessment before to ensure she was targeting my trouble areas.  Highly recommend the couples massage.  Thank you Elements for bringing relaxation back into my life!!
5	What a fantastic experience! Elements in a store that others should model My therapist, Kurt, was extremely knowledgable and thorough with my massage. He knew how to apply the right pressure and even referred to my energy level, which was something I'd never heard from a massage person.Chocolate on the pillow was a nice touch. The lobby is gorgeous and made me feel relaxed and at home, as did the massage room.
5	I knew I would have some time after a flight from the East Coast before my meetings begun and I found Elements Therapeutic Massage on line.  What a treat - Janet at the front desk was lovely and welcoming.  Lisa did magic with all my knots and injuries.  I felt like a million bucks when I walked out.  The customer treatment was even more impressive since they knew I was a one time customer, yet treated me as a local loyal customer.  And if I was local I would be coming back routinely.
3	5 Stars for my therapist Brittney. She was awesome, very personable and listened to my needs. We quickly discussed what i wanted most out of our session (neck and back only) and assessed any concerns i had. I prefer my therapist to apply deep pressure and she did not disappoint. 55 min massage was $59 (tax & tip not included) ****This was only an introductory price. They want you to sign up for a membership which the prices were reasonable only w/the membership.**3 stars for Elements Therapeutic Massage: due to the cost increase after the intro rate and having to sign up for a membership. I would not pay their full prices for a 55 min massage at this facility. For a no frills quick massage it is a clean and relaxing atmosphere.In short, i would go back if they had a discount for non-members at a good price.
5	I have to say that I was a little skeptical with all the five star reviews. However, I wasn't finding any other place with consistent reviews. In the past I made the mistake of joining one of those pushy member places. Never again. I wasted so much money trying to find a good therapist; only to have that person quit shortly afterwards. Elements does have a membership offer, but they weren't pushy about it. Anyway, I booked an appointment for deep tissue, and I told the receptionist I needed someone who could go pretty deep. My therapist was Kurt. No one in there review made mention that Kurt is a body builder and huge. I was sure I was going to be sorry I requested for someone who could go pretty deep, but Kurt was great and very professional. He searched and found knots in places I didn't know existed. He released toxins trapped under my shoulder blade, and did it with the perfect amount of deep pressure. I came in with a slight tension headache. When he was done I was so relaxed I just wanted to take a nap on the table. Afterwards, Kurt mentioned that he held back a little. He went as deep as he thought he should go without bruising me, which I appreciate. He told me he's worked on athletes and made them cry, but it's what they needed and wanted. (I think he was trying to tell me that I needed a deeper massage next time but it might make me cry.) He said the knots were pretty bad and were there a while. He wanted to allow my body time to recover and recommended returning in two weeks. This was one of the best massages I've had and will be returning. The facility has a great, relaxing atmosphere, very clean, and professional. I would recommend this place and gave it five stars
5	always amazing
5	This is a beautiful and relaxing small massage spa. Their staff is friendly and while I have worked on their computers, they also offer great deals on massages like monthly memberships. I have had really relaxing massages here since they have one of those machines that makes ocean sounds (something I really miss living here in Phx).
5	Went to this place yesterday on short notice because I really needed a massage. They were able to accommodate me being right on time instead a little early to fill out paper work (dang traffic), and Kurt was super knowledgeable and professional. $59 for an hour for the first time, not too bad! I'll be back!
5	Beautiful environment, great therapeutic massage, wonderful customer service... I highly recommend Elements.
5	Amazing. I love this place and recommend it to others all the time. I learned about it when I first became pregnant last fall due to a flyer from my OB. One prenatal massage from Brittney and I was hooked. I went twice a month during pregnancy and I think it helped immensely. Brittney is the sweetest ever, but more importantly, she's consistent and is a great therapist. I look forward to our appointments together even though I've scaled back to once a month. I've had many massages and this place is the best! Go! You won't be disappointed!
5	Although they did not accommodate my wife and I with a couples massage (massages in same room) we still cannot believe how amazing our therapists were and the over-all experience was. My therapist was Steph and I cannot remember my wife's therapist. Steph talked a little about my lifestyle, where I have pain, and then how she was going to approach "treating" me. The massage I received was a deep tissue massage and very needed. She did a phenomenal job focusing on my problem areas by applying the perfect amount of pressure to be effective while still allowing me to be comfortable. The after effects of getting this massage has made me revisit the idea of making massages a monthly part of our health regime. I will definitely go back, and always recommend Elements!
5	I have been here twice to get prenatal massages during my pregnancy. Not only do they have the beds where you can lay on your stomach but the service and atmosphere is outstanding. I came in at 40 weeks and Romana worked out all my soreness and helped the swelling in my hands and legs go down. I wish I could take her to the hospital with me. Thank you so much!!!!
