4	I used to go at this restaurant everytime when I lived in Montreal. The place is very clean and calm. The restaurant is very decorated and it's nice to have TV's  with big screens, showing you the score of the last hockey game... But let's back to the subject : I always took the PHO soup, the one with rare beef. It tastes excellent. So good that I usually ask myself if they don't abuse of so much glutamate (it makes you become food addictive and it's very bad for the health)... The service is ok... even if the girl only cares about $ and not the clients feelings. A little bit expensive (around 14$ to have spring rols + a medium soup)
4	outside doesn t look very attractive, not to say cheap. Just push the door! Inside is above expectation for a restaurant at that price.Service was nice, fast.Choice of food is large enough, very tasty and really affordable.$10 tip included for what he had is a great value for money.
4	I had a craving for vietnamese food, and decided to try this out on a recommendation. Truth is, I haven't felt too well for quite some time, so I decided to find a take-out resto.  Asian food is my comfort food.I'm happy to say that I really did like this choice. I got a round of a few different things, so that I can go with leftovers tomorrow for lunch. I tried  dumplings with peanut butter sauce. These were unlike many others in this city that I have tried.  They had a bit of spice to them, and not disgustingly sweet and sugar-granular tasting, you can taste, a hint of cilantro in them too. The dumpling wrapper (or dough) tasted fresh, and not overcooked, or left out too long. I also tried a pan-fried dumpling, which was actually close to the filling that my mom made for me as a kid. It will never replace hers, but the fact that they reminded me of hers, is a pretty huge compliment. Added bonus was they weren't fried out of recognition, which sometimes tends to happen. I tried a couple of bites out of a spring salad roll with shrimp, the the mint was the hero in this, along with fresh shrimp of course. It was perhaps too vermicelli intensive, (I would have appreciated a little less so it didnt feel like it overpowered the shrimp.) The dipping sauce was, I admit different. very different, and surprising, but I can't say if it is good surprising. It had a distinct taste of plum sauce mixed into it, which is not normal. I've had hoisin, peanut hoisin, bean and hoisin, and straight up fish sauce and sweet chili, but plum sauce with hoisin is odd. I cant however say it was disgusting tho, just not what I am used to.I also ordered a typical grilled chicken with vermicelli (called bun) with an imperial roll.  The imperial roll is vegetarian and quite big compared to other restaurants, and crispy, and the grilled chicken is juicy and not overcharred, but as it stands I have taken a bite out of everything and I am way to full.   When I am sick, I feel indecisive, and when I order food feeling this way, I've come to the realization that I just have food for the entire next day.  It satisfies my true essence, which is to be able to have a little bite of everything.So overall,  Im glad that my meal didn't suck, and for the most part I can honestly say it was quite good. I think that the meal was fresh, and I also like that I could still taste flavours layered over other flavours. As for cost, it was quite reasonable considering that I technically have 3 meals left over all for only $30.50 (not including tip of course)
4	Delicious food and good service. Must try #13 (Tokinoise soup), #54 Curry Beef (Malay style). Not much selection for appetizers but Fried dumplings and Tempura are good.Accepts all major credit cards. moderately priced around $10 for a dish.Decor is nice and service is quick and warm
3	Came here for lunch, the restaurant is clean and spacious, but food is just average. I would give it a 3.5 if I could.
3	The most memorable dish from my Pho Saigon experience was the dessert: fried vanilla ice cream drizzled in honey. It's massive, so unless you've got some wild and out of control munchies, share this amongst friends. The rest of the food is good, especially the Tonkinoise soup. Apart from that, I'd say it's nothing out of the ordinary.Quick and attentive service too, what more could you ask for when you're looking for some decent Vietnamese food in the area?
1	Not impressed at all. The service was ok but they actually ask for tip every time. Didn't mention that they take bottle rights on wine and almost charged us. Basil is not even served with your soup and whenever u ask for it, all u get is one stem. I don't understand how that place gets 5 stars
4	I'm not a Vietnamese food connoisseur, or a dumpling connoisseur, or a Ph connoisseur. But I love Vietnamese cooking. I've had better fried dumplings, but these were better than most. But I'm biased; I pretty love any kind of dumplings from any culture. Food wrapped in as dough, WIN. The beef ribblets were perfectly grilled and had a sweet after taste and I could have eaten a pound of that stuff as well as with the pickled carrots with daikon which there was too little of. I don't know much about Ph other than how to correctly pronounce it but this shaved raw beef Ph was really delicious for my inexperienced Ph-palate. Plus how awesome is hoisin sauce? And of course ending with Pisang goring aka Fried Banana, always a plus. Pho Saigon VIP is a good pit stop after movies at the former AMC theatre and a good place for a quick, healthy and inexpensive lunch with work friends in a clean restaurant with some snappy service.
3	Was trying to go to Kazu...but wasn't going to wait in line.  Decided to settle for this place close by... Defiintely not settling.  I had the #25 the Laksa Seafood Soup.  Spicy  goodness especially on a cool rainy and dreary day.  Good selection. My food was tasty.  Prices decent. Can't speak for anything else.
3	It used to be a wonderful place. And nowadays its very, very, very inconsistent. I used to rave about their shrimp roll (they used to put a piece of pork in it along with the shrimp, it was lovely) and now, its most of the time old, hard... The rare beef tonkinoise is good, but rather salty (it used to be orgasmic.) The dumplings are great. But its a little on the pricey side given the unconsistancy...I still go, full on nostalgia, but when I bring newcomers along, they are not that excited.
1	A mix of Vietnamese, Singaporean, Thai, and Malaysian cuisine...Yeah, I don't know the theme of the place either.The waitress recommended a sour coconut fish soup to my friend, which tasted weird... Their pho is below average with very small portion, and the service had hardly any presence.
3	I'm a regular here as I live nearby and it's the best Vietnamese option in the neighbourhood.I usually go for the vermicelli bowls, as I think it's the dish this place does best -- sometimes the grilled chicken pho - which, unusually, is better than their beef pho! My flatmate often orders the #9 - chicken curry w/ roti - which is in the appetizer section (and priced as such!) despite being a main-sized portion :)  Decor is a bit nicer/cleaner than your average Viet joint, too.  Although I wish they would get rid of the TV playing sports all the time - really doesn't suit the place. Service is friendly!
1	I don't usually give bad reviews. The only reason I'm putting a star here is because of how nice the waitress was. I ordered a Tom Yum soup dinner format. I was very disappointed, not by the broth but by the rawness of the chicken and the noodles. I saw the usual line for Kazu on my way here and I told myself i was making a hood move. I guess I was wrong.
2	Service was quick, but quality wasn't great. It's a fusion place, the pho may be OK but the thai food was a little off base. The lady was nice, has a lot of people going here. I wish I knew what their expertise is.
3	Go for the laksa if you really can't decide ! Any laksa (singapore, vip), doesn't matter, they all taste good. Never been disappointed with the laksa and it was my third time eating laksa there. After the main meal, I like to eat the fried banana. The price is a tad expensive though ($6.95), considering the simple process of making it.Service wasn't so bad. Could have been better. The best thing they do is that they refill your water without you having to ask. The worst thing is that their tip options go by 15%, 20%, 25%. You can't pay tip lower than 15%. I notice many Asian restaurants do that in MTL. Anyway, I wouldn't mind going to this place again...maybe in a couple of months.
2	The food quality has worsened a lot in recent months. Must be a new chef. Almost every dish has less taste and less meat. Too bad.
3	The service was okay, nice and friendly staff. The food was sometimes good, depending on what you order. The fried tofu and sweet sour fish fillet were great IMO. I did try fried rice here once, and it was meh...Price is reasonable though.
1	Poor and slow service. Not to mention that the restaurant isn't even a vietnamese restaurant. Food was horrible and yet DEMAND for 15% tip.
3	I had the Singapore Laksa and for the price it was decent with a nice kick to it. Good for a cold rainy day no doubt. Seating is comfy and it's spacious inside. The menu is quite diverse including cuisine from Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam.
4	I like this place only because their spicy pho soups are really good and I keep coming back for more each time. It's one of my favorite restaurants. I don't know what the other food on the menu tastes like because I only order pho soup.The place is also near place which is convenient and also, the service is alright. They never screw up my order and usually serve me as soon as I get in the place. The prices are not so bad as well. Thumbs up from me!
3	Dependable place, dunno why the name is pho cause they have a mix of everything. I like to come if I'm just out of ideas and need something satisfying
2	We were going to Kazu but it was closed for their winter vacations and we entered into Saigon VIP to escape from the cold (-20). I was so happy when I saw Laksa on the menu. I fell in love with this authentic Malay dish in Kuala Lumpur, at a restaurant called Precious. Unfortunately, I was not satisfied with the one I had at Saigon VIP. The mussels weren't fresh, the squid was way too rubbery, the broth wasn't flavourful enough to my liking. My bf had the mie goreng. It was better than my dish, but still, nothing complex. My server came with first the mie goreng and gave it to me saying it was laksa. He had no idea what he was serving.
