1	This is possibly the most unprofessional service business I have ever dealt with. The inspector was just finishing up when my realtor and I arrived. I went to pay him with a cashiers check and he said "Oh, your paying with a check. I prefer cash."I moved into the house in mid April. The first time I used the washing machine it leaked. He also performed a mold inspection and did not note standing water and mold under the washer. When I told him about this he got very irate and said the scope of his inspections don't include washers. Odd, he had the dishwasher and clothes washer running when I arrived. Last week I had my first visitor and found that the hall bath and tub did not have more than a slight trickle of water. When I asked him about this he was irate and said these things deteriorate over time. This was the first time we tried it. There. Is a light switch by the back door that is supposed to turn a patio light. It didn't work. I bought some lights and it still doesn't work. He wrote me an unprofessional, hot headed, immature, and caustic email. Don't ever use this companies service. A high school freshman taking a shop class would do a better job.  Do not use this company unless you want a amateur job done.
5	I have used used Affordable Inspection for several homes I have represented buyers for. The inspectors have always been courteous, professional, knowledgeable and on time. They provide very detailed inspection reports the same day and are always available to answer questions for my buyers. In addition they have recommended repair companies for my clients and the sellers to repair items found during the inspection. On top of this they do the home inspection, schedule termite and do mold testing if needed, so I only need to make one call, they take care of the rest. Great people and great service.
5	Just had an inspection done for a home I am buying in Scottsdale. I was so happy I chose this company (referred by my Realtor). I met the inspector at the home and he was so helpful and knowlegable (his name was Tom). I am a single mom and I know nothing about home problems and repairs. Tom went thru his entire inspection and several pictures.. He told me which items were concerns and which items were typical (thank god,as I had no idea). When he was finished my realtor and I knew exactly what we needed to ask the seller to.do. Tom also gave me a list of repair people who could do.some.improvements I  to make ln the home. Overall I was very happy with his service and knowledge. I feel so much better knowing what the existing problems were and who could take care of some things I wanted done. Very helpful and professional. BTW, when I got the inspection report that night via email I had a question, so I called him and he answers his phone (7:30pm). He answered my question immediately!  Great service and experience!
5	My girlfriend and I recently purchased our first condo. Being as that we were first time buyers, we have never had an inspection done prior to this and didn't know where to turn. I decided to test my luck with Google and typed in "affordable home inspections" and clicked on the first link which navigated me to this particular business website. Not only was I easily able to navigate through the site, it clearly labeled what to expect from their services, how much each service would cost, along with an abundance of other information in regards to the inspection. I called the phone number listed and was quickly set up with an appointment.  Not even 24 hours later I was set to meet with an inspector at the condo. This particular gentleman (Tom was his name) was extremely thorough with his inspection, being patient with me and answering the plethora of questions I had along the way. At the end of the inspection he provided me with a lengthy, detailed report. This ultimately led to our decision to purchase the condo because we were now at ease with the results found upon completion. I would HIGHLY recommend Affordable Inspections to anyone looking to conduct a home investigation. Hassle free, headache free and quality customer service at its finest! Thanks again guys!
5	My girlfriend and I recently purchased our first condo. Being as that we were first time buyers, we have never had an inspection done prior to this and didn't know where to turn. I decided to test my luck with Google and typed in "affordable home inspections Scottsdale" and clicked on the first link which navigated me to this particular business website. Not only was I easily able to navigate through the site, it clearly labeled what to expect from their services, how much each service would cost, along with an abundance of other information in regards to the inspection. I called the phone number listed and was quickly set up with an appointment.  Not even 24 hours later I was set to meet with an inspector at the condo. This particular gentleman (Tom was his name) was extremely thorough with his inspection, being patient with me and answering the plethora of questions I had along the way. At the end of the inspection he provided me with a lengthy, detailed report. This ultimately led to our decision to purchase the condo because we were now at ease with the results found upon completion. I would HIGHLY recommend Affordable Inspections to anyone looking to conduct a home investigation. Hassle free, headache free and quality customer service at its finest! Thanks again guys!
5	Had an inspection done recently for a home I am buying in Scottsdale. I was so happy I chose this company. I met the inspector at the home and he was so helpful and knowledgeable  (his name was Tom). I'm a single mom and know nothing about home problems and repairs. Tom went thru his entire inspection and several pictures. He told me which items were concerns and which items were typical. When he finished my realtor and I knew exactly what we needed to ask the seller to do. Tom also gave me a list of repair people who could do some improvements. Overall I was very happy with his service and knowledge. I feel so much better knowing what the existing problems were and who could  take care  of some things I wanted done. Very helpful and professional. Great service great experience.
5	I can always count on this company to do a great job. I have used them several times over the years when we have purchased both Investment homes and personal properties.The office manager is awesome and their prices are great but more importantly, they have always been very thorough. I have worked with two of their inspectors, Tom and George, both were very personable and friendly and were willing to spend time with me as I had many questions and concerns about the home that we were buying. George was able to refer to me a list of recommended repair companies that I have found to be extremely helpful. I wouldn't use anyone else!
5	I used this company for the first time recently and I had a really good experience.  The inspector that met me at the house was personable and seemed very knowledgable about current and potential future issues.  He was also extremely thorough when explaining his findings to me.  Overall, I had a wonderful experience with the company and I will definitely be referring others to use Affordable Inspections for their next house!
5	I have used this company over the years for several purchases, both personal and investment homes, most recently a rental purchase in September. I have found them to be thorough and really take the time to go over any issues they may find with the property. I would highly recommend this company.
5	Being an active Realtor I am introduced to and work with a number of Home Inspectors. Some good, some not so good. I was incredibly happy with George from Affordable Inspections. Not only was he thorough and professional, he was patient and took the time to answers all of my clients questions and concerns. I was equally impressed with his knowledge. I will be using him again! Thank you George.
5	When I bought my home here in Phoenix I was new to the area and did not want to pick an inspection company from scratch. I had a few different referrals but super happy that I chose Affordable Inspections. My inspector, George, was prompt, very detailed oriented and went over and above to point out areas that passed inspection but could prove to be a problem down the road. All my questions were answered and George took the time to let me write down things I wanted to discuss with my husband. I saw a negative review when I went to write this and was very, very surprised. My experience with them was nothing but professional. I would highly recommend Affordable Inspections of Phoenix.
5	George was timely, thorough, and went over everything in detail so that I don't feel worried about things going wrong later. It was a great experience working with him, and I would definitely recommend him if you want a professional and friendly inspector.
