4	This is our shooting range of choice, maybe due to proximity, but overall it's a good place to shoot. Ended up buying a year pass to the range which seemed like a reasonable rate especially if you plan to shoot several times a month and don't own a gun. Membership allows you to choose from the various guns to try out. Only had a problem with one getting jammed on me one time, otherwise, they are in good shape. Tape your targets up and send them down range. The safety video is a little old, looks like it was shot just after the Civil War, but everyone is required to watch it their first time out. Best advice is to always keep the gun pointed down range and never point at something/someone you don't want shot.  Haven't spent much time in their gun shop, so can't comment on the service or prices there. However, they'll take care of you at the range.
3	When I first moved to the Charlotte area, finding a range was tough since Mecklenburg County has such strict laws governing firearm usage. I found Shooter's Express and began making it a monthly visit. Being new to the area, I thought that was how all ranges down here were. Having now found a different range of choice, I'd like to point out some pros and cons of this place. Pros:1) Knowledgeable staff in the shop2) Organized range officers3) Friendly clienteleUnfortunately that is where the "pro's" end for me. Cons:1) Busy - Hour plus wait on the weekends and even some weekdays2) Small range. Yea, 25 yards, great, but the counter is CRAMPED (maybe fit 2 people side by side)3) Unfriendly Range staff. They do get busy, and the staff seems to get flustered easily4) Liars - I arrived to the range ON A WEEKDAY at 12:45, shot for a half hour, and then went to pay.  They charged me an hour, saying that the paper said 12:15, not 12:45, and had no interest in listening to me prove I wasn't there that long (I also wasn't going to argue too much with people carrying guns). I paid my over-charged rate and never returned.5) No discipline - I have never once seen a range officer give any kind of instruction or discipline on the firing line to otherwise (even though there have PLENTY of times where that was warranted)I could go on, but I think I've made my point. Truth be told, they aren't bad so long as you catch them when they aren't busy, and make sure they write down the correct time on your slip. I have found a nicer, cheaper, and less busy range that offers FAR more room and that has become my new home (until I have the land to build my own).
3	My wife surprised me with a Living Social deal.  We went as a couple.  We had a blast!  Nice of them to run a LS deal.  Since I have been there last (5 yrs), they have gone away from hunting and are almost 100% tactical.  So many toys, so little time.
3	Well my first time at the gun range,and I must admit...it was FUN! So here goes my Pros/ConsPros:1. Knowledgeable Staff2. Plenty of fire powersadly that's where it endsCons:1.BUSY-that's good thing for them, but you will have a wait! Especially on weekend2.Small-there were people sitting on the floor, standing in corners. Literally shoulder to shoulder3.Flustered Range officers-they are not unfriendly, just a lil overwhelmed by the amount of people and trying to keep up with everything going on. I guess I would be too if  30 people carrying rifles and pistols came walking through the door all at once4. Price-seemed expensive to me. I shared a lane & gun plus ammo with my two sisters for 30 minutes and it came to $88!  All I remember hearing was $15 per gunNot a bad place to visit if  you've ever wanted to go to a range, just keep in mind the small size and the long lines..
4	On a weekday afternoon, I thought I might pop up here and refresh my skills at making holes in paper and high velocity rather than driving over to the range in Matthews. Since most folks were busy at their daily grind, there was no waiting.It's small and it's loud but it's good enough. If you've never been here before, they have a three minute safety video that you have to watch. Once that's done, you're good to go!I bring my own targets, my own ammunition, my own gun, my own ear/eye protection. So really, the only think I'm paying for here is the range time.After my noise making was done, I wandered over to the other side of the shop and reviewed the hardware they had on sale. No great bargains, but no big markups either. A handgun I've been watching at another shop for $529 was $519 here. More or less, the same price.This is a neat little range. If you're looking to shoot, this is a great place to go!
4	I have used the range at Shooters before but never bought anything in their Pro Shop until last week.  This review will cover both the range and the shop. The Shop:For the last year or so, I have been getting updates from Shooters on my Facebook page and usually they are for something I neither want or need.  I have noticed their prices are pretty good.  Compared to Hyatt's advertised prices, Shooters is quite a bit cheaper.Last week it finally happened.  Shooters posted a deal that was too good to pass up so I stopped by "just to look" and went home with a new Sig.  The staff was really great, nice, helpful, informative and seemed to know a lot about their inventory, which is as it should be of course.  I was doing some comparisons and they knew all the points and answers to the questions I was asking.  Special recognition goes to Dean and T.J.Ammo availability is about the same as it is everywhere and there is a limit on how much you can buy.  The price is sky high but again, that is the norm everywhere and this too shall pass.I wouldn't hesitate to send my daughter in there to buy a gun.The Range:Once the gun was mine, I needed to get some trigger time so today I was finally able to hit the range at Shooters for an hour or so.  Please note, it didn't cost me anything since they give you a free hour of range time with the purchase of a gun and I bring my own safety gear and ammo.The range is small. the desk allows for only a couple of people and that was not a problem for me since there were only 1 or 2 others there when I arrived.  The guy at the desk is nice and funny.  When I left there were people waiting and it seemed to have filled up fast.  Some were watching the mandatory safety video, others just cooling their heels waiting for a lane.  My advice, go during the day on a weekday between 10:00 and 3:00 and you will sail right in.Nice selection of rental guns, you can even rent a machine gun.  Be advised that you have to buy their ammo if you shoot their gun, but that is pretty much standard practice. They seem pretty laid back and not in your face, but they may get more "alert" during their busier times.I'm looking forward to taking one of their classes and considering a membership.  Check them out.
4	Great place to shoot a rifle or gun.  Pro shop is small, but staff is knowledgeable and friendly. They also offer specials on gun packages that other places do not offer, but you have to visit to see what is on special as they are not advertised.Offer gun range memberships which can be more economical than the hourly rates for those who shoot at least once a month.  Membership includes free gun rental which allows the customer to 'try out' a variety of guns before making any purchase.  AMMO is expensive everywhere, and that is not an exception here.  $30 for one box of 9mm range ammo, but much cheaper for 22 ammo.  Ammo availability has not been an issue here.Classes are offered for guns and women's self defense(no gun).  A great service to the public.There is only one restroom and it is not nice.  Bring a toilet cover and your own wipes.
1	Eek... avoid! We walked into Shooters Express Gun Shop looking to pop off a few rounds. The range is in the back of the shop, ensuring that you walk through the retail portion. There are two separate ranges, one for rifles/shotguns and one for handguns. We checked in with the range master and he asked if it we had safety cards. We didn't, as this was our first visit. He handed us a business card sized safety card and told us to fill in the info (name & birthday). That was it. I'm not sure what video the others are referring to, as we didn't watch it. The range itself had terrible ventilation. No air conditioning/cooling just a fan that didn't oscillate. Sweating at the lanes while trying to hold a loaded gun. No bueno. The lighting was poor. My biggest complaint is pricing. $18 per hour per PERSON... with an one hour minimum. Most indoor ranges charge by lane, not person. Plus... they charge for targets... Customer service was poor and unfriendly. $40 for two people to shoot for less than 30 minutes (we brought our own guns & ammo, otherwise that figure would be way higher). The bathroom was gross. With how much money they are making at the range, you would figure they could at least spruce up the bathroom a bit. I've been to a fair share of indoor shooting ranges across the country and this was by far the least impressive!
4	Very friendly and knowledgeable staff. Will definitely be spending some time over there both in the shop and at the range
3	I was worried when I saw some of the reviews but we (my son and I) had a pleasant if not cold time.  They couldn't turn off the blower, which was indeed too much right on us.  With the weather, around 35deg it was very chilly.  The staff was friendly (at worst, curt - but expected in this environment... never rude!).  We shot quite a few guns (1 pistol, 2 revolvers, a rifle and a fully automatic PDW [UMP-40].). You do have to buy a box of ammo at a time, but you can use them in different guns (membership grants free use).  Sure, the range is small and could use updating but to fire an automatic, there's little competition.
3	I have no other ranges to compare this to but my experience for the pro shop and range has been decent. Pro shop is priced a tad bit above your chain retail stores BUT you get deals such as a free basic handling class that includes shooting time and a 30 day range pass. I thought the staff I dealt with was courteous and went above and beyond to answer all questions I had (and talk to my very talkative grandfather too!) now...on to the range! If it's winter, and you're cold natured, dress warm!! It's freezing when it's cold! Lanes are OK and there are fees if you bring your own ammo but it's all laid out on the website. Everyone I dealt with working on the range side was good too. Now, could things be better on all sides and aspects? Yes. But average for me.
5	Shooters express is my local gun range. The range staff is knowledgeable and willing to help if you have a malfunction or an issue. I like that they have monthly range packages available. Instead of only charging by the hour for about $40 a month you can go and shoot as much as you want with free range time so I have to pay for targets.  You have to bring your own ammunition of course or buy theirs.  Their pro shop staff is honest about the quality of the firearms I tell them what I'm planing on using it for, self-defense, hunting small game and they trying to recommend something that might be useful to me even if it is less expensive than the item I was looking at at first.
