1	27 minutes to get through the drive thru. Great product bad service...not worth the wait
5	EAT THE YELLOW SNOW!  Crap this place is good and it's right down the street from my house!  Get the tropical creme for 50 cents added to your shaved ice.  Got mine with red raspberry and it was awesome!  Not your typical cheap shaved ice here, they are serving high quality stuff.  I didn't think there were quality shaved ice joints, but this place is cool and they have a lot of options and other stuff besides shaved ice.  They have board games, interactive social media music options on their jukebox and good service.  The only con is that their prices are a bit high.  I'd recommend getting a "Baby" size shaved ice for $2.99.  There is a lot of shaved ice in the small/regular sizes... Dare I say too much?
5	This is a brand new location. It just opened 3/17/14. This location was super busy! Wait time was about 30 minutes inside. It was well worth the wait. I am really happy to see a bahama bucks close to my house. Talking to the manager. It is the largest Bahama Bucks in the country. It does have plenty of seats and tables inside and a nice patio outside. If you don't mind waiting, then give this Bahama Bucks a shot!
2	While the product was good, and very close to the real deal, the owner of this place, Jeff, allows his employees to hand out "sno" balls to customers and other employees to literally throw them at anyone they want. I went here with my wife and 2 year old daughter, and had to stand outside waiting for my order, for fear of my child getting slammed in the face with a ball of ice. Absolutely horrible and unprofessional way to operate such a business.
4	love bahama bucks! it's a delicious summer treat. they screwed up my 3 shaved ice orders but all the flavored are delicious so it wasn't too big of a deal I guess.
1	Not that good, over-priced, bad service, tables were dirty.
5	I love this place.  So refreshing.  It is really busy on the weekends!!!
5	Lots of things to choose from and it's all delicious!  Dangerous that they put one near our house, though!  Pretty busy right now, cuz they just opened, but there's lots of outdoor seating, which is nice on these beautiful AZ evenings.  Seems to be a big hangout for the high school crowd.
3	I agree that the wait time is to long. It's not real Hawaiian shaved ice. I recommend a small, you won't finish anything larger.
2	I'm SO sad coming to this location. Its the closest one to my house so I was so excited to try it out! I forgot to mention I wanted a flat top with my size small (usually they put it in a bigger cup and make it flat) but I didn't make a big deal when they gave me my small with a flat top. So my order was a bahama mama Rama half wedding cake half frosting with the tiniest but of strawberry. Well when I got home there was hardly any ice cream AT ALL maybe three bites of it. And it was entirely strawberry with a little bit of icing and no wedding cake. I'm so sad I paid for something I didn't want and hardly anything there. I know the location is new so I might try it out again but. I'm not sure at this point.
4	Best shaved ice around! I love their smoothies also and like that they have a stamp card which allows you to earn a free drink/item. I gave them 4 out of 5 stars because the last time I went the ice had a weird after taste like if they had used unfiltered water out of a garden hose. I've only experienced it once but it did ruin my shaved ice that day. It was probably a one off but enough to bring down my review.
1	Just got back from this location - very disappointed in what I witnessed. Watched a kid named Dylan put a bottle of sauce on his finger and then put the stuff back in the freezer behind the front counter. Also watched a kid named Ily dumping grape flavoring on someone's snow cone. As she was trying to clean the cup, she dumped water into the cup. Then she just added more ice to it and more flavoring. I am no expert, but shouldn't these kids be using gloves while handling the ice? For my order, I barely consider it cold. I sent this info to the corporate contact us button on their website. I will not be returning to this location. It was bad as KFC, guess it will continue to be bad for bucks.
1	The wait was horrible!!! I live right around the corner so I went to this new location. So disappointed! Went through the drive through cuz that's usually pretty quick...WRONG! There was 2 cars in front of me and it took a total of 35 minutes! I could've gone to the Mesa location and gotten back within that amount of time. So sad because I love this place but gosh, the wait sucked!
3	The service is slow and the shaved ice is only ok. The bahama bucks on southern and Mesa Drive is a lot better but they close an hour earlier so from 10-11 pm, this location will do.
3	I fell in love with this place at the Mesa location but I haven't been impressed with this one. First of all, they have all 16 year old kids working there. Now, they're nice enough, but frankly they're slow and all they do is socialize. After the 15 minutes it takes them to put some ice and syrup in a cup, I often realize that it's not even the correct order. Still decently priced and good tasting ( except the passion fruit syrup-- that's nasty) but lots to be desired service wise. Where's the management?
4	I've only had the cherry with cream and it's always been delicious!  Even the smalls are huge.  Only downside is the price...I don't remember these being so expensive before.  Still tasty though!
4	If you haven't been to this place you should definitely check it out!  They have the BEST shaved ice and its perfect for this hot weather!  Who would have thought about adding whipped cream to shaved ice.....brilliant! Drive thru is sometimes a little slow... still it's worth the wait.  :)
4	Was very friendly and fast service. Not an Eegee, but very good. Very smooth and almost creamy. They give you huge servings, mediums were too much for us. Very sweet.
5	I dont even know if this is even shaved ice, its so awesome. Its so Finley shredded that there is no crunch. Nothing. Only problem is that wait is so long and the workers seem to talk more than they make delicious sno cones. Cant sit outside because it smells there is sewage issues.
5	This was the first time we had been to Bahama Bucks...we heard about it from a friend and decided we needed to try. Definitely not disappointed!! Ordered the Cherry Bahama Rama Mama...it was delicious! The "baby" size was more than enough. Will definitely be going here again!
2	Took family from out of town today....and it was good....until we got to the bottom. The ice cream was sour...rotten? We all gaged and stupidly passed it around to confirm our suspicion. It was disgusting. I took them and told the staff, they apologized and offered us free coupons. It was a bummer....but we will be back. I'm sure it was not their fault.
5	Freaking good, comes quick, cool color-changing spoons, friendly service, first time trying and I want moe!
5	Returned to bring some friends, and no rotten ice creme!! They did make our drinks wrong, but have us the wrong ones and then made the correct ones. Product was good and there's not much of a wait anymore. We were evening here on a weekend night.
4	I've been here three times, first time I tried a regular sno with half strawberry and half raspberry.. So delicious, but felt guilty about the sugar so I was happy to see a sugar free & zero calorie option! And I have tried that twice now, it's pretty tasty for zero calories, but that first-sugar filled one was really quite amazing when you do a direct comparison so I may definitely indulge again in the future... All in all, this is a great treat for a hot day, the drive through wasn't bad at all when I went today, but i did have about a 15 min wait or so the time my boyfriend and I went inside to order. My boyfriend has tried a strawberry lemonade drink which was fantastic and one of their smoothies which was good as well! They miss one star for me because of the second time I went; there was too much syrup on my sno, it was practically swimming and I had to keep pouring excess off, it's possible that since I asked for half and half flavors maybe they spaced on the second flavor and got a little crazy trying to make up for it? Who knows, but that was the only disappointment and really wasn't that big of a deal in the end.
5	I would come here everyday if I could. Really delicious. Very friendly staff. Great concept. Not a whole lot to say about high quality shaved ice except to be careful since it's easy to become an addiction! Also the ring game on the patio will drive you mad if you give it long enough lol. I hope to see more places like this pop up around town. It's great we are employing young people in a fun environment. Enjoy your sno! :)I want to mention that I had a small issue in the past with getting the wrong flavor. I posted a review and the owner, Jeff, reached out to me about it immediately to resolve it. How refreshing to see someone take their clients' opinions that seriously. #fanforlife
5	I love this shaved ice especially making it into a Bahama Mama Rama (ice cream inside). Its delicious. I get strawberry and peach.
5	Love Bahama Buck's in general and this place is faster than some of the other locations.  If you're going for the first time and are unsure what to try, you can't go wrong with the shaved ice flavor 'birthday cake'!
4	Finally a bahama bucks in gilbert! Hands down the best shaved ice you will ever have! It's so light & fluffy! You must must must get the cream added. Took off one star bc they are kinda slow but I'm sure once they get acclimated with their business they will be faster. Wish they were open Sunday's. But a must try it will change your life :)
5	First time to this location and everything looked and tasted great . Good service and a great product .. keep it up we will definitely be back and recommend to everyone ..
4	I always come here and the service and wait is pretty good ! The place is pretty chic and clean too!
5	Good people that work there.  Gotta try the shaved ice birthday cake "Bahama Rama mama" its rocks or even get shave ice with half Jamaican punch and half cherry with regular topical cream it's delicious!
5	Went to the queen creek location years ago and it's still just as good, SO happy  there's finally one in Gilbert! There are so many choices so I asked one of the guys to surprise me, and I got a baby sized (which is more than enough) red raspberry/hurricane with cream. AMAZING!
5	Amazing shaved ice! Amazing customer service! You need to try it out. It makes the Arizona heat bearable.
3	This place is good when they get your order right.  I usually get a couple of flavors on sno with no cream, but seems like they mess up one of the flavors or I get cream half the time.  I go back for the times they do get it right and because it's just up the street from my house, but how hard is it to get an order right?
4	Bahama Bucks has something called a mocha java which I imagined to be a coffee flavored shaved ice. It wasn't. It was more like the cup of coffee my grandmother would make for me when I was a child. A cup of milk with a splash of coffee and way too much sugar. I didn't care for it one bit.Other flavors we have tried were the wedding cake, birthday cake and mango flavors, those were all really good. Service is very friendly and efficient.
4	excellent shave ice with a dizzying array of flavors available to your liking. it's not quite on the level as the well-known & proven spots i've had in hawai'i but bahama buck's is good shave ice in its own way. i've seen bahama bucks on many trips to vegas but never got a chance to sample their sno offerings. and being that this was my first time in the phoenix area, i had to jump at the chance to go to the gilbert location. i was really glad it was close to my friend's place where i was staying. we went there for our sugar fix after having lunch in downtown gilbert. it was well worth it. i got to treat my friends and their kids, the staff was super nice even though we had about 9 orders and they were awesome to take our coupons.i opted for a regular size which was plenty for me. i went with toasted coconut, mango & strawberry. i just got the regular shave ice. they have an option for having vanilla ice cream on the bottom and tropical cream drizzled as a topping. the texture of the shave ice was good. i consider myself a connoisseur of sorts when it comes to shave ice because i will seek it out whenever i'm in a new town hoping to find something like they had at waiola shave ice on oahu. it's a never ending quest on the mainland. ha! the staff at bb get all the flavor into the bottom of the cup. they do not skimp. i love that... the wait was a little long cause it was a busy day and they have a drive-thru window as well but to me it was worth it. like i said the staff was great especially the girl at the counter that took our many orders. make sure to tip them!i like that they had board games by the counter when you walk in that you can play while inside. we all played HedBanz and that was a lot of fun & laughs. they have the ring game outside by the tables which im sure is good times... probably frustrating too.also thought it was nice than they had sugar free and zero calorie options (whaaa??) as well as smoothies and special orders. there's just so much to choose from. i will definitely be back the next time i'm in town. i'l be getting a large this time. good sno!oh... and i like the color changing spoon.
5	My favorite! I'm so glad they opened one right by me! They're the best shaved ice I've ever had.
2	Wait times!  Yuck - Great product, but when it comes down to it, this location has higher prices (by like 10-20%, longer waits (like 40 minutes) and not as good service as other locations.  The place is really new and big - but I will stick to the Mesa location or the Power rd location.
5	Friendly helpful staff! Fun place! They were a great support for my daughters school project where she did a presentation on the Bahamas and served Bahama Bucks! Destiny (one of the employees) was a doll helping serve the hundreds of kids. We are in love with this place!! Thank you!!
2	I love this place. Been there many time and loved every time. But this last time my friend found a hair in her sno. We understood that happens somtimes, so we left. I kept eating mine and later found 8 hairs in mine. Short black hairs. This is disgusting and I'm skeptical about going back again now
1	This location sucked. The ice was melting and the middle didn't have any syrup in it and was just ice. Went back to have them fix it to which the girl replied they couldn't do anything about the ice. I told her to give me a new one which turned out to be the same. On top of it they used a broken cup to teach me a lesson I guess. $4 for a crap product. Will not be returning.
