4	Waverly is in a former brothel, former karaoke bar/rock venue, resurrected from Montreal's notoriously loud and sexy past. Now it's looking modern, clean, bright and comfortable - the best change to the space is the wide open floor-to-ceiling windows making the whole bar feel more spacious and connected to the happy action on this loveable corner of the Mile End. The pints are a little overpriced for the area, but not for comparable joints in other cities.
4	An attempt to find a place called the Green Room failed and so, to prevent the risk of hypothermia on a brutally cold Friday night, we ducked into this unassuming corner bar nearby.  It reminds me of a local dive from where I live, chock full of young urbanites and college students.  Music plays, people dance in random areas of the bar, and I still don't know how much I spent.  It's the kind of place where my friend from Philadelphia hooks up with a random local, only to have her boyfriend come back from ordering drinks, unaware, and they lock faces.  A place where these three foreigners stay until close and stumble about into a strange yet familiar setting.
4	It's amazing how this dive-bar location was re-invented into a swank kind of speakeasy. A great place for a date (especially a first one). Drinks are a little pricey, though, so you wouldn't want to run a tab all night long (if you know what I mean). But the bartenders at least know how to mix them properly.
3	OK bar with decent beer on tap. A significant improvement from what it was before.   If you avoid the 5a7 crowd with Ubisoft across the street its actually not that bad.  But they really need to clean their taps.  The beer tastes dirty.
3	hovering between 3 and 2 stars. Great look to this place, but, as many others have said the drinks are bit pricey. I found the servers pretty abrupt as well.
3	I visited the Waverly for the first time last night, and I will definitely be going back, should I find myself nearby and in need of a drink.  I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way unless there was a special event, but if I lived within a couple of blocks I would definitely drop by from time to time.  The space itself is really great, full of small corners that are both sheltered and open to the rest of the space, on multiple levels. The music playing wasn't too loud, was varied and just good overall background music.  The ceiling is beautiful, covered in wooden slats arranged in a geometric pattern, so if you visit, be sure to look up!  I didn't experience high prices like other reviewers have mentioned.  Granted, we went on a Sunday evening (special specials perhaps?), but the special of pint of Boreal for $5.25 is quite reasonable to me, for such a nice location.  Perhaps the other drinks are more costly?  They didn't have a price list or menu, so I didn't see what other drinks cost.  Or perhaps I've come to accept that drinks at a bar can get pricey.  If I want to drink cheaply, I drink at home :)
4	We were shopping while on a visit to Montreal, and were delighted to see a traditional bar without astronomical prices. The open air seating was great for people watching, and the staff was very friendly. The only disappointment was the lack of food - if you don't count the grilled cheeses they make on a small hot plate behind the bar.
3	Didn't get to fully try this place as I just stopped in for a refreshing drink after exploring that part of Montreal.  Thus the average rating. The crowd and set up were very welcoming and energizing. The drink menu was extensive. I tried their Sangria which was dead on delicious. Look forward to my next visit when I can try more of their food and drinks. Hopefully sooner rather than later.
4	A very cool vibe, with great tunes on this Saturday night, the staff is friendly and the crowd is young and diverse.  I will be back,
5	Picture this....A glorious summer Saturday in Montreal. At 6pm I am going to catch the roller derby game nearby at Arena St Louis. I know i am meeting friends for a quick bite nearby pre-game (that review is for another jour)Being restless and easily bored i meander from my place thru the streets between Mt Royal and St Viateur. Lo and behold Waverly is open at 4 pm. The windows gloriously open, seating on the sidewalk as their terrace. A warm humid day parched me to get a drink stat. I walk up to the bar, order a Gin Tonic and message my friends with my coordinates. The beauty of the open windows is when the breeze flows in, it reminds you why you love Montreal. Sure its packed in the evening and getting seats are hard when you arrive late-ish. But now I have a roller derby pre-game ritual thats here to stay!
4	Very nice place to hang with friends!!! I had a mojitos for 9 dollars. Just curious, why the waitress couldn't deliver the check, but I had to go to cashier myself. Overall lovely place!
3	Located right on the corner of St Viateur and St Laurent, the exterior of this bar on a busy night is very inviting. Popped by with a  few friends and got seated in a corner booth which was nice. Drinks were fine and apparently food was ok but I didn't try any. Reason for three stars? The music was super loud (because the speakers were right above our heads), and it was *REALLY* hot (fans not working that night). So, drinks + heat + girls in nice dresses with their hair done + not being able to hear each other = a meh experience. Nights like this remind me of why I don't like these kinds of places :p. when I go out with friends, the goal is usually to catch up and so hearing them is usually of importance.. But to each their own I guess :p
4	our gin tonics were good and the price is ok. Maybe too loud, it was very hard to did a conversation.
