4	My husband and I did the river cruise from Montreal to Quebec City and opted to have an overnight stay at the Chateau Frontenac and return the next afternoon by bus to Montreal. The only downside with the cruise is that the boat departs at 7am and you are asked to be there about 6am, so that is definitely an early morning. The boat travels at the speed of a bicycle (that is what the captain told us) so it took about 9 hours to make the trip to Quebec City. They provide you with a delicious breakfast and lunch and there was a variety of activities to occupy your time during the morning and afternoon. Live music, dancing, chart navigation, wine tasting and board games were some of the pasttimes folks were able to engage in as the voyage went on. Sadly, it was a rainy and overcast day so we missed out on sightseeing along parts of the St. Laurence as the shore was just to foggy to see much of. The gentleman doing the narration during parts of the voyage was very friendly, helpful and entertaining! We enjoyed our trip and found that everything was well organized and arranged. There were no issues with our arrival at the hotel or departure the next day (all of which was arranged by the cruise line during our reservation with them). If you are looking for a relaxing day and don't mind being on a boat for 9 hours, I would definitely recommend this trip and this company!
4	Nice time this afternoon on the 1.5 hour tour on the St-Lawrence river. Weather was not the best, but no rain and had all of the top deck to myself. Polite, attentive and smiling staff. When I asked about more sound on the top deck, they worked and fixed it, so I could hear all the interesting information provided by our tour guide.The boat is a little tired and could use a new carpet on level B. Other than that, everything was very clean, washrooms compact but efficient. Add a decent glass of white wine, a bit of Montreal's "Joie de Vivre" and all the weather situation went unnoticed!A bit pricy but definitively unique, what more one needs for a pleasant afternoon?Just a little bit more time on the river simply by starting the tour on schedule, not 10 minutes late.Overal: GREAT TIME!
5	We took the 3 day, July 7-9, 2014 river cruise from Montreal with an overnight stays at Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac, Quebec City and the Fairmont Le Manoir Richelieu.   These are beautiful top flight hotels...bucket list hotels.  The cruise was wonderful.  If you want to see the Saint Lawrence Seaway the way the first explorers did (except much more luxuriously) this is the trip for you.  Dining in the boat was great. The people were great....we met a couple that lives 2 degrees below the Artic Circle!   The crew are French first speakers...English was not a problem.  Except during portions where the Captain lead the passengers in singing old french songs...it was hysterical...English translations of everything else were available.  We even saw whales!!!!  What else do you want?
4	I experienced the fireworks dinner cruise package on July 26, it was something I booked a couple months in advance for my birthday weekend. I highly recommend any kind of cruise for a special occasion. AML does brunch, dinner, overnights or simple sightseeing cruises and this was a very fun, original idea.The boarding time on my ticket was for 6:45 but I arrived around 5 pm to get a window table since it's first come first serve. Because there was a line forming well before departure, they let us in around 6. AML cruises seem to cater to an older crowd, probably because of the price point, there were mostly middle aged/retired folks on board. We are a couple in our mid twenties and were the youngest people there!The buffet dinner I chose was already ready for us once we got seated, food was as described on the menu, I really liked the sliced beef and veal tortellini- drinks are not included, soda or juice was 3.50$ with no refills and you'd have to tip on top of that. Maybe because we weren't paying for any extras, the service was slow - our server was inattentive to our needs and we constantly had to flag her down for water refills.Our dining room was on the bottom level of the Louis Jolliet ship, loved the huge windows and ambiance lights, everything was decorated nicely. We had some great views and just cruising on the river was a very relaxing/romantic setting.The floor is designed at a slant though so it can be uncomfortable depending on where you are sitting. You are free to leave your table and get some air on the upper decks but there is no guarantee that you will get the same spot when you come back as servers clear the table and re-set it. If you want more action, one of the decks had a dance floor, bar and DJ. I recommend leaving for no more than half hour periods or so and leave an article of clothing or something on the table to signal that it is occupied.Once the fireworks come along, everyone is gathered on the top deck, there are some comfy sofas and seats to lounge on - get there the earlier the better because it does get packed.Tip: when going down the exterior stairs on the ship, best to walk sideways, they are extremely steep and narrow, I ended up scraping the back of my ankles on the gritty sandpaper non-slip strips. Ouch!In all, if you like beautiful settings, a little glitz and glamour of going away on a 4 hour dinner cruise- this is for you.
