5	The Montreal Canadiens, the winningest team in the NHL with 24 Stanley Cups. If you were lucky enough to have seen them play in their old home, the Montreal Forum, you got to take part in some serious history. Currently playing in the Bell Centre, this coming year will be too exciting being the team's Centennial year (2008-2009). Doesn't matter what team is playing against the Habs, you will have a good time, and there are no bad seats.Go HABS GoHockey the way it's meant to be
2	I respected them when they were great ('70s) but once those flukey teams ('80s) came aboard they annoyed me no end. Doesn't help I was  huge B's fan back then but to finally beat the dopey Mike McPhees was glorieux. Anyway, fans in Mtl are fantastic. It's growing up out here on the West Coast surrounded by Hab fans that was annoying. To be honest, they need to stretch this current Cup drought to 30 years to see how the other 90% of us feel. So far we are halfway there as it's been 16 seasons and counting since '93.
4	i can't say i thought the habs had it in the bag this year. i was, along with everyone else, surprised to see the habs in the playoffs after a mediocre season, astonished to see them beat the caps, and HEAD OVER HEELS IN LOVE with them for beating the penguins. the habs are my #2 team, after my hometown san jose sharks, but it made me very proud to see them go so far for the first time in my adult life. also: i learned more french this last hockey season than i did in an entire semester of college-level french. thank you, NHL Centre Ice, blogosphere, and twitter! allez le bleu blanc et rouge!
5	This is just to explain the picture on my profile.  I have been a Montreal Canadiens hockey fan forever and will always be a fan.  24 Lord Stanley's Cup...more then any other team.  Great players that if listed would fill this page.  And if you know, hockey fans are like no others...I was able to see them play in the old Forum against my hometown team, those Bruins, and the HABS won that game.  I will never forget that game and always will root, cheer, and cry for the Canadiens.  So dont hate me for my profile pic, if you do, then I know it is because you are just jealous...lolGO HABS GO
5	So much History and pride for the city of Montreal!  Come see the Canadiens for one of their special presentations "when they retire a players number" or celebrate something within the team.  No other team in the NHL does a better job as no other team in the NHL has as winning of a history as the Canadiens.  Sure it's been 20 years since the last Stanley Cup but no one else in the NHL has won more than the Habs!  I grew up a Jets fan (growing up in the prairies) but am becoming a Habs fan now, to my friends chagrin!
