5	'Bubbles' is a great little self-service hand car wash that is always clean and in great working order! They offer towels and supplies in a vending machine and a variety of different time lengths to choose for your wash. The best deal is a 15 minute car wash for only $5 which can be purchased with quarters or tokens. The true reason that I wanted to introduce Yelpers to this great local business is because of the wonderful owner, Curtis. Last week, I was vacuuming my car at Bubbles, when suddenly I heard a piece of lost jewelry go straight up in the vacuum hose! This was an old charm that had fallen off my necklace. It had very little value, other than sentimental. I called the two phone numbers conveniently listed on the vacuums and literally within minutes, the owner returned my voice mail. He was very kind and understanding and said not to worry, this sort of thing has happened before. Curtis was so thoughtful that he offered to come and meet me directly to retrieve my lost charm! I was on my lunch break & had to return to work, so we scheduled a time to meet the next morning. The next morning, Curtis was there just as he had promised and instantly retrieved my jewelry from the vacuum hose. It is so refreshing to see this high level of customer service and simple kindness! I didn't leave before giving my car a well deserved Bubble bath!
5	Excellent self-service car wash. Super cheap, clean, convenient and efficient.
4	Who wouldn't want to go to a place called Bubbles! Great spot for all your self Car Wash needs.The property is well taken care of and in a nice location if you need a quick evening was too.  Every time I go, there is never a wait and I can get my washing done and be on my way. It's nice that if you do not have cash, there is a vending machine that takes Visa/MC for you to purchase car wash tokens.
5	Outstanding secret self car wash. Always well maintained. Cheap, relaxing, safe! $5 for 15 minutes, or $2 for each 4 minutes. Costs me $4 to do my large truck. Make sure to use the spot free rinse as the last step to avoid the nasty hard Arizona water!
5	Best car wash in the valley, a complete pleasure every time I come here. I drive right past 3 car washes to come to Bubbles. Makes my  town car shine like new when I leave. Always spotless and the owner is always hands on with the business. He cares for his customers and it shows.
5	This car wash has passion written all over it. Bays are clean, switching between wash settings takes 20-30 seconds for solutions to spray. Vacuums are a $1 and offer suctions for up to a compact car including trunk. Met the owner Curtis while I was washing, very nice guy, asked some questions about how I clean and if they acceptable at his wash. His vending machine with rags, cleaners, and scented trees is always stocked and mostly everything is a $1. I love how this wash is only 2 miles away and so quiet being a couple businesses away from Scottsdale Rd. Also $5 for 15 minutes is a awesome deal that can not be passes on. Spot free doesn't exactly mean spot free (1000x better than other spot free washes in AZ), but hey it's Arizona so I'm not to picky since I hand dry my car. This is a must see self service car wash if you care about the paint on your ride. One note Curtis made to me, that I hope everyone would obey because this is how I act in public. If you are holding up a line of cars, move along, or speeds up you washing process, this is a great wash and everyone should be able to enjoy it within 20 minutes or less.
