2	My sister and I did not feel safe staying here.  It appeared the room had been broken into many times.  We had booked a week, but checked out the next day.  The second star is for hour easily they refunded the rest of stay.Our room faced the street and did not shut properly.  So we heard the sounds of the night life as though we were in a bar all night long.  There was a shower waiting to be installed almost completely blocking the main staircase to the rooms. Maybe it's just my American values of not wanting to die while trapped in a burning building, but this seemed unsafe.  It could have been moved, but the night clerk's friend wanting to play around online.There was a heat wave going on while we were here.  Every time we asked about the air conditioning, we got a different response.  The night staff are terrible.For the price we paid, I wasn't expecting much, but I did expect more.  Luckily, the clerk in the morning refunded the rest of our stay without issue.
3	This one might have been a case of having such low expectations because of the other reviews. Now I know this will bite me in the backside one day, but I generally scoff at bad hotel reviews and imagine people are always expecting the Sheraton. So with the poor reviews of this place - and the confusion with another hotel of a similar name nearby - I half went into this one thinking that the prostitutes I had proposition me on my last visit to Montreal would be found at the Hotel du Manoir. They were certainly not. The other visitors I saw were a couple old couples and some 20-somethings.So for me to think a place is uninhabitable, I need to have shady characters, prostitutes and/or threat of theft. The Hotel Du Manoir would get a small reduction in stars here because our door had obviously been kicked in at one time & they did a really poor job of fixing it - something that doesn't instill confidence as you leave for the day.Other than that, it's a $50 motel. Sleep there, go experience Montreal the rest of the time. Paper bath mats, old televisions, wood paneling...have fun paying an additional $100 so you don't have to be exposed to those things if you choose to go elsewhere.It was fine.edit: Oh yeah, and as I always find worth mentioning, as Bo D. said, the internet doesn't work. Or at least I couldn't get it to work on the 3rd floor.
4	I was traveling from Michigan and I stayed a night here. Room was small but comfy bed.Bathroom and plumbing all worked great.Room was clean. Staff was friendly.The best party about this hotel is it's location. It's literally right in the center of one the coolest hippest areas of Montreal. There is way too much to do and in walking distance. Parking is $12 for 24 hours underneath the library one block away. Don't park in the lot next door.Great hotel if you are young and looking for a cool area. Wouldn't bring a family here.
