5	So, you think you know how to handle firearms and know how to shoot?  Well,, guess again... no matter what kind of training you may have in the past through Military, Law Enforecement, etc., this place will hone your skills and teach you thing or two you've never knew!  There are plenty of SWAT, Law Enforcement and Military guys training side by side with civilians.  The facility is located in Pahrump, which is about 40 minutes away from Vegas.  I had no problems on commuting to the facility every morning from Vegas hotel I've stayed in.  I took the Four Day Defensive Handgun Course here in mid January of this year.  Now, I am a current Army Reservist, with over 15 years of shooting experience from handguns to rifles, to shotguns, and assault rifles of all kinds.  I am quite confident about my marksmanship capabilities with all types of weapon.  After all, I've qualified 'Expert' through Weapons Qualification with M16 for the Army.  However, since I've seen Frontsight's weekly challenge series videos sent through the email, I've decided to give it a try.  Why a handgun course?  Since that is what I would more than likely use in a real world self-defense scenario, I wanted to hone in my skill.  Didn't expect too much, except to shoot off 700~800 rounds and have a good time.  I was dead wrong~  I gotta say I was and am totally impressed of my entire experience with Front Sight.  Staff are VERY capable and knowledgeable, as well as friendly, and the facility is excellent.  It is still in the works, where they are adding more and more everyday, however, the ranges were well thought out, with just the enough numbers of students per class, and the curriculum was well organized and timed, where 12 hour days just flew by~  I didn't want to leave at the end of the course...I've learned so much from this course, I would strongly recommend Front Sight to beginners and advanced handgunner of all spectrum.  Matter of fact, I am looking forward to repeating the course again in the near future.If you want to learn how to properly and safely handle firearms in every aspect of that weapon, as well as learn how to draw out of your holster and deliver two well aimed shots to the thorasic cavity in less than 1.8 seconds, this is definitely your place.    Bravo Dr. Piazza!  HOOAH!
5	My wife and I just finished the Four Day Defensive Handgun Course and have to say.....It was awesome.  From our first contact with staff at the front gate all the way through the end of day four the was fantastic.  The ranges are very nice and the class room and other facilities were great.  My wife and I were so impressed by the staff and the facility we purchased a membership so we can return and continue our training.  We read some reviews online prior to attending the course and went in to it with so doubts, but after the first day at the facility we new we found the right place to train.
5	I wanted to let people know how much I enjoyed this course. Highly professional and well structured. I recently took the 4 day course. They are an incredibly well run group and all aspects from  first day sign in to finishing the course were nothing but professional. I am a very tough customer and can only say that I was very satisfied with everything. The instructors were all highly trained ex military/police and very professional. Our instructer Chris C. was terrific. Serious but funny They are located 40 minutes from Las Vegas but I would suggest staying in Pahrump. It's a 15 min drive to the Front Sight facility. They provide shade and lots of water, great pre ordered lunch and a food truck that serves high quality and nutritious breakfast and lunches. You will be amazed at the wide cross section of students that attend this. I first thought this would be a bunch of crazy gun owners, but the people attending come from all walks of life and there were a lot of couples and families attending. I am looking forward to returning and attending another one of the courses they offer.
5	I have attended a two day hand gun course last fall and just returned from a 4 day hand gun course. I also plan on some additional hand gun skills and long gun training as well.The staff is very knowledgeable and able to transfer that knowledge to the students. The lunches served by an outside contractor are excellent as is the service provided by the ammunition supplier.If you own a gun, of any type, and want to learn how to use it, Front Sight is the place to get your training.  Be prepared to be be impressed!
