5	I have little patience for bus rides, but my mom (who's visiting from Florida), insisted we go.  So there I was at 6am in the Sahara parking lot waiting for the shuttle to take us to our tour bus.  Grumpy morning me and smiley happy mom.  My plan was to get on the bus, ignore everyone and go to sleep.  'Wake me when we get there'.  Well the Tour Bus Gods had something else in mind, namely, a guide/driver called RON.  I don't know if Grand Canyon Tours' drivers are all like Ron, but he is certainly an asset to the company.  He made the trip completely enjoyable and memorable.  His driving skills are right on the money for those tricky curvy roads near Hoover Dam and his wit and charm will win you over quickly.  Good trivia is also part of his curriculum along with videos that will give you a background of what your driving to or driving by.The buses are new, clean, and comforable.  The customer service staff on the phone, friendly and patient answering any and all questions.  Would recommend to all who come visit (quite a bit since I moved from NYC in October).
3	You have to like bus tours to appreciate how much this company tries to make you happy.Prices: Internet special is $169.99 for 2.Morning pick-up: 6:20 am at the west wing of the MGM Grand. They schedule small groups to be picked up at their hotels and shuffle them over to the Planet Hollywood terminal for registration. Breakfast: 1 meal ticket gets you 1 breakfast item/1 drinkSchedule: Each person is given a bus number and brightly colored tag so you won't have any issues. Stops: 45mins: Hoover Dam (10 minutes) 1 hr 20mins: Kingman, AZ (15 minutes) and everyone runs to the bathroom. 1hr. 30mins: Williams, AZ (45 minute Lunch) 1hr. 20 mins: South Rim, Grand Canyon.The return trip is similar minus the stop in Williams, AZ.Restroom Tip: Wait until your stop in Williams, AZ and go before you eat lunch. While everyone is running to the food, you won't have to wait in line for the food or the restroom.Meals: Breakfast was okay, nothing spectacular. I had Apple juice and doughnuts but there are healthier alternatives like a nutrigrain bar. Lunch, if you think about it, it's quite good. Unlike other tour groups that hand over a cold sandwich box, Grand Canyon Tours offers a buffet style sit-down lunch. Great for kids! There are 2 or 3 choices for main dishes and all the fixings...even a salad and soup bar and a soft serve station. Time at the Grand Canyon: Not enough to some extent and you feel rushed at times to hike to the canyon. My group had 2 young children and a senior citizen. You really don't have time to just take it all in.Fun things to do: Feeding the squirrels by the Grand Canyon Lodges.Downside: The tour says they pick and drop you off at your hotel. This is FALSE! They group your drop offs and select one of the hotels. In our case, New York, New York...and by some freak of nature it was pouring rain. We had to walk back to our hotel. In this case, I would say the tour company needs to drop their guests off at their hotel. Hey...it'll get you a good tip and a great recommendation.
5	Loved it! Met the 1st bus downstairs at my hotel at 6am. At around 7am, we made it to their headquarters at Planet Hollywood, paid $86 received our "breakfast" of Pop Tarts and a bottle of water. I then got on my day trip to the Hoover Dam & The Grand Canyon! I had an amazing day! Here is a list of our stops:1- Hoover Dam on the Arizona side. Love how they played an educational video about the Hoover Dam!2-Kingman, AZ to releive ourselves and get a snack3-Williams, AZ to eat our lunch. We had a pretty good buffet at the Grand Depot Cafe and got to walk around and see the Grand Canyon Railway trains. Williams is such a super cool, vintage, and eclectic little town! Wish I spent more time here! 4-Mather Point Grand Canyon National Park. Simply Amazing!5-Bright Angel Lodge. I went on an amazing hike here!! 6-Gas Station for break near Grand Canyon. They played the movie The Proposal and loved it! lol They also played the movie Sahara, and that was bad. 7-Kingman AZ. I ran across the highway to eat Popeyes chicken that upset my stomach badly! There was also tons of traffic when passing the Hoover Dam. I have been very vague and can not type all of the incredible things we've passed and all the scenic sights I've seen! I have such a respect for our country's landscape now. This is truly something everyone needs to do. The tour guide/driver was very nice and gave plenty of history and descriptions of scenery and history. My hotel was the last stop. It was truly an unforgettable day! I am so happy that they have such tours for people like me that do not drive!!! I will go back to the Grand Canyon!
1	170$,  you could NOT even get on the bus.At the noon of Aug 10th, my gf and I made an order online for an Aug 11th trip to Grand Canyon through their website http://www.grandcanyontourcompany.com. Our time is limited. So after we placed the order we went for shows and casinos. When we came back to the hotel at about 10PM that night, we checked our email. We didn't receive confirmation email. We are not sure whether they arranged a trip for us or not. Office is closed at that time so we actually couldn't do anything else. We indeed  wanted to go on the trip. However, we didn't want to get up at 5AM and for nothing. After serious consideration, we wrote an email to them to cancel the trip. We received an email from them on the second day, when we are supposed to be at Grand Canyon. The email said that our cancellelation couldn't get any refund since the time of our cancellation is in 48 hours before the trip.That's really ridiculous. I complained in two aspects to their manager Joe:1. The time we placed our order is just one day before the trip. How could we cancel the trip in more than 48 hours before the trip? The cancellation term is not applicable to us. In our case, we didn't even have a chance to cancel the order. That's unfair.2. Have the company really made any arrangement for us? I doubt that. The manager insisted that they had but why didn't we receive any call from the bus driver/tour guide the next morning to make sure? I provided my mobile number in their reservation form as required when I made the order. And now I will never know whether their bus showed up at our hotel or not. We complained this to their manager, and she said that she would check with the bus driver/tour guide and she would call back next day between 9:00AM-10:00AM. However, disappointed again, I didn't get any call from them. So I made a call to her again. Oh, God! THEY ARE REALLY BUSY.All that the manager said is some meanless sorry. But they are not gonna refund us. She promised a free trip to Grand Canyon next year when we get back to Las Vegas. That sounds like a beautiful lie. Do you guys believe international students will travel to las vegas for the second time in one year?As a service company, they never think from our aspect, they just insist their 48-hours term and they don't care whether you make the order in 48 hours before the trip. They just want the money and they don't care whether their tourists get on the bus.170$ 2-people Grand Canyon Tour. BIG VALUE??? NOOOO, you could not even get on the bus.
3	Woke up hella early at 5:45 am to catch the bus outside our Flamingo hotel. Then we went to other hotels to pick up more people. We got breakfast on the bus (apple, breakfast bars, juice/water, nothing special) and drove until we reached the Grand Canyon. The tour guide was very entertaining: knew a lot about Vegas and the Grand Canyon and was very upbeat. They also showed a movie on the bus. Finally we made it to the Grand Canyon. Ooh it feels good to get off the bus! Awesome view, it's amazing how nature could craft something this beautiful! We had lunch at someplace by the Grand Canyon (nothing special, more like cafeteria food) and then spent a couple hours hiking and picture-taking. Afterwards, we got on the bus and drove by the Hoover Dam and made it to Vegas by 7 PM. Overall, it was a great experience, something you've got to see at least once in your lifetime!
3	This tour (GC West Rim) had some good parts and some really crappy ones and I'll do my best to tell you about it all.  BTW, I'm 35, female, and outdoorsy. We drove to meet the bus at Planet Hollywood at 6:15. We were told "Be here at 6:15, 6:30 at the latest." We sat, waiting, on a RUNNING bus until 7:30! At 6:30 am, an hour and fifteen minutes of waiting seems like eternity. Apparently we were waiting for one other couple who never arrived.Bus driver was fine -- not terribly entertaining or funny, but he delivered his script of historical information and drove safely.  The speaker in the bus was very loud and I wished I had ear plugs so he wasn't yelling in my ear. The air conditioning vents were also broken, so be sure to bring a jacket as you'll probably have cold air blowing directly on you. The drive is fine -- super bumpy dirt road for about 20 minutes, but not curvy or sickness inducing at all! We brought pillows and were glad we did. After you arrive at the reservation, your driver gives you your tickets for the park and wishes you well. You'll meet up with him and your bus about 4 hours later to leave. The park requires you to ride their shuttle buses from stop to stop. Jump on the first bus and head to the Skywalk area. We didn't spring for the skywalk cause we'd read reviews that it's waaay overrated. You can walk around there and learn a bit about Native American dwellings as well as enjoy the views of the canyon. Jump on the shuttle again and head to Guano Point where there is a 10 minute (if that!) walk out to a viewing point. Do not let anyone tell you this is a hike -- it's flat and nearly paved. Other than this walk, there aren't any other recreational opportunities at Grand Canyon West. No hiking into the canyon here!Jump back on the shuttle and they take you back to where you started. There's an additional stop outside of the park area where you go to meet the tour bus for your return trip. This last area is a Wild West themed part that's pretty crappy. It's totally out of place and super lame. That said, I did learn to rope a metal steer and was proud of my accomplishment!As for food, your ticket price includes a breakfast "snack" which is your choice of a package of pop tarts, donuts, granola bar, etc. Bring other food/snacks for the bus ride -- you'll be glad you did!  You also get a lunch coupon which you can use at one of two places at the park -- the food is mediocre at best, but hey, it's "free" right? We were glad we had snacks with us to supplement our meals. There is a snack bar at the park too but I'd guess it was pretty pricey. The trip to the park took about 3 hours. The trip home took 4.5!!! First, we had to wait an additional 30 minutes for a family on our bus that failed to meet at the appropriate time for the return trip. I get that people can be running late, but our driver didn't even acknowledge it or say something like, "Sorry folks. I'll do my best to make up some time on the way home." We stopped at the Hoover Dam on the way back too, and got out for 15 minutes to stretch our legs. This was unnecessary as we were in the parking lot and couldn't walk down to the actual dam. There were also no restrooms here, so you had to go on the bus. We were an hour past schedule at this point and I wish he'd just cut this part out entirely. Here's the part they don't tell you about: In the morning, they send around several shuttle buses to gather everyone at their hotels and bring them to Planet Hollywood. In the afternoon, they drive the one big bus to each of the drop off points, so depending on where your hotel is, you may be on the bus an additional hour for each of these stops! We were supposed to return around 5, but didn't get off the bus until 6:45pm. Luckily we didn't have tickets to a show or anything, but I would have been super pissed if we had. This dropping off process is exhausting, given that you've already been on the bus for 3 1/2 hours.If you're still reading, here are the pros:- You don't have to drive, so you can sleep, play games on your phone, etc.- No need for directions or navigating- Great views of the GC only 3 hours from Vegas.  We went solely to take my parents who had never been and they thought it was great. As my husband and I have been to the North Rim for camping/hiking, it was just "ehhh" for us.Cons:- Bus was kinda crappy and uncomfortable- Bus driver wasn't anything special- Didn't show movies or any sort of entertainment along the way- Food was marginal- Trip home seemed to last an eternity All in all, I supposed I'd recommend this trip, as long as you know what you're getting in to.  I probably still would have gone had I known all of this before, because I'd already driven from LA to Vegas and was tired of being behind the wheel. As I said, we brought snacks, drinks, jackets and pillows and were so glad we did! You can leave stuff on the bus so don't worry about bringing too much! Comfort is key!
2	Horrible customer service. We stayed at the Tropicana and they said they'd pick us up at "Entrance 5", well with the construction it's closed so someone with this tour company told us to ask the front desk where to go (they said all buses have been redirected to the front). At 9:35 we called to see where the bus was (as our tickets told us to do) and we were told we HAD to go to entrance 5, so we walked around the construction. Once we got there (less than a few minutes) we called again and they said "Sorry, she already left, you'll have to take a taxi!" So much for hotel pick up! We took a taxi and they reimbursed half of what it cost! If our tour guide hadn't of been so nice the experience would have been completely ruined, I didn't catch her name but she was a contract worker (they don't have any of their own buses or drivers). I will be booking elsewhere for any other tours!
1	We were really looking forward to our small plane flight over the Grand Canyon yesterday.  The tour company called as we were on the way to the municipal airport to tell us that the flight was cancelled due to mechanical difficulties.  Obviously the airline they contract with doesn't have backup equipment.This was to be the highlight of our trip to Vegas.  The last minute cancellation didn't allow us an opportunity to plan for anything else, so we went home.  They refunded our money, but ... so what?  They're required by law to do that.VERY, VERY DISAPPOINTING!
3	I am giving a 3 star because of the itinerary but the tour guide was perfect. (he's also the driver) He was giving us information along the way and i really appreciate that. I wish we didn't stop at the Bright Angel Lodge, it was a waste of time and it was a bummer that we didn't get to cross the Hoover Dam bridge but it had nothing to do with the tour itself, more like the city didn't allow us to.
5	I take "Grand Canyon West Rim Bus Tour" today. It so fun and value able package especially The bus driver's name  Mr.Freeze. He is the best bus driver and guide tour I have ever met. Next time I will go to Grand Canyon. I will take this tour again and I hope to meet best bus driver like him.
4	We booked the bus our to the west rim of the Grand Canyon for the first week of January.We found a great deal online (around 140 USD per person), including a morning snack, lunch, bus from and to Las Vegas, as well as tickets for the Skywalk at the Grand Canyon.The booking process was very easy online, and about 2 days before our tour we called in to confirm the pick-up time. We were told to be at a neighboring hotel (ours wasn't on the pick-up list, but another hotel was just across the street) at 6:05am. We arrived there on time, but were told by the hotel staff that "the bus is usually 20 minutes late". Not great to hear that, especially not, when you had to get up at 5:15. Around 6:25am, the bus arrived indeed, and I thought that would be the one taking us to the Canyon. I was mistaken though. The first bus only took us out of downtown Las Vegas, and brought us to a collective station where all travelers to west and south rim that booked with the company were gathered. A friendly staff member explained the further procedure to us: we would split up in two groups now (one west rim-travelers, others going to the south), then check-in (a process that only takes half a minute getting us stickers for the appropriate bus as well as the skywalk-wristbands), then have a quick breakfast, and then (finally!) leave for the Grand Canyon.I have to say that part of the day annoyed me, since it seemed like a long waiting period, and all I wanted is to get on the bus.The breakfast snack was ok, a small orange juice and coffee as well as a danish was provided for free. After having food, the west rim travelers were asked to queue for their buses.This is when the tour really started to be great fun.First of all, the buses are really comfortable, clean and modern. They are equipped adjustable back-rests, air conditioning and on-board toilets (which I didn't use but assume was clean like the rest of the bus).Our driver was by far the best driver EVER, highly entertaining and with his sympathetic jokes and laughs almost better than the canyon. All passengers were amused by his funny stories. Dwayne, most handsome of all bus drivers, we love you and we would take the tour anytime again just to hear your Sesame Street Ernie laugh! =)But let's get back to the tour itself: There was a 15-minute stop at the hoover dam, which we could photograph from the newly constructed bridge. Great bonus, since not all bus companies stop here.Another short stop took us to an Indian gift shop/supermarket in Arizona, and the last stop about 40 miles before the canyon was mandatory to change buses (the expensive buses can't go on the dirt road to the canyon, understandable).After about 4 hours in total (including the stops), we arrived at the canyon's visitor center. There, we hopped on the buses that drives a loop from the Eagle Point to Guano Point back to the visitor center.We stepped out at the Eagle Point (where the Skywalk is located), and spent about 80 minutes there. Be aware that the canyon is not secured, so if you take a wrong step, you might actually end up at the bottom of the Grand Canyon. Don't be a daredevil here!!! I would recommend to go to the South rim if you're planning to take children, we were told that it's more secure.The Skywalk was pretty impressive, and I recommend it for new visitors, since there you can truly look down, and the photographers will take great pictures of the visitors.The Eagle Point is also displaying some Native American Tipis and typical housing. Native American dances were announced, but not ongoing while we were there, so I can't report.Next stop was Guano Point, the nature there was even more impressive, and the views more stunning than before. We also had food there (which is included in the trip), that was pretty good.Our group was meeting at 3:30pm at the bus (we had about 4 hours at the canyon), to be taken back to Vegas (one stop to change buses). We arrived around 7pm.It was a great day!--This is a review for http://www.allgrandcanyontours.comAll Grand Canyon Tours4285 N Rancho Dr.Las Vegas, NV 89130United States
3	We took west rim bus tour in April. Their hotel pick-up shuttles are super punctual. The breakfast was a joke. You can choose from ONE protein-bar/donutpacketor honeybun!! Drink options are water bottle/cofffee/can of soda or juice! The good thing, we had got our coffee and pastries from Starbucks before leaving our hotel. Now, if you are going to west rim, there is 12 or 16 miles of dirt road. Here, ride gets very bumpy and YES, you will inhale lots of dirt!! The good part was the canyon itself. Amazing views. Little suggestion, spend more time at guano point.The red indian dance was not even noticeable. Lunch was okay, nothing special.Tour of hoover dam was big disappointment. We could hardly see the DAM. They do give you 10 min to explore but actual dam area is beyond 10 min reach!! I would still recommend the tour if, you have never been to GC west rim!!
3	We chose the West Rim bus tour because it is shorter and stops at the Hoover Dam. I also was interested in the Native American heritage of the area, but we unfortunately did not see many Hualapai. We got a good deal at $105 per person (including fuel surcharge). Make sure to clarify the shuttle pick-up location with your hotel, they probably have a spot where shuttles pick up for tours. We missed our's because we were in the wrong place but were able to take a taxi and meet the group at the check-in location. If you miss the shuttle, call the number immediately. The snack was just what they said, so eat something beforehand or bring snacks too. Our bus driver was enthusiastic and friendly. He talked pretty much the entire time, so don't worry about bringing something to do on the bus.The Hualapai market at Guano Point was cool, I recommend getting a necklace or bracelet there as a souvenir, rather than something from a store. I got a dream catcher, the seller was able to tell me about the symbolism of its pieces.The ranch was neat but would have been more fun if the tourists were more enthusiastic about the activities. The few kids on our tour seemed to love it though. Oh, and the cow, Norm, from the movie "City Slickers" lives there.I thought the lunch was delicious: Ribs or Chicken, 2 sides, cornbread, & a cookie. I recommend the BBQ ribs! And there was an acoustic guitarist and an excellent magician in the hall where you eat to entertain you.Overall, I'm glad we chose this tour. I would not have wanted to spend more of my vacation on a bus.
3	I enjoyed this trip because it's Grand Canyon! Besides the Canyon everything was mediocre. The snacks for breakfast was not pleasing. I don't like the bus specifically the tv that kept going off and on. The bus bathroom was a sauna. The price was good for what the whole trip provided. Lunch was also included but the pasta was overcooked & salty. Overall, I had a good time with my family and the tour guide was knowledgeable.
5	My husband and I took the Hoover Dam tour. We were picked up promptly near our Las Vegas hotel by a shuttle bus. After arriving at a central site we boarded the tour bus, which is large and comfortable and cool. I can't praise our driver, Steve, enough. He was incredibly knowledgeable and entertaining. I wish I'd had more than twenty dollars with which to tip this guy. The Hoover Dam guided tour was wonderful, and the whole experience was an amazing bargain. Thanks, Steve! (And no, I am not Steve's mom).
4	Took my in-laws on the South Rim Bus Tour, and overall it was a good experience.The shuttle came promptly to our hotel at 6:20 am and took us to the check-in center at the PH Miracle Mile Shops.  Check-in took a while (long line) and the breakfast snack was a little weak (pre-packaged sticky bun and small cup of coffee).Our driver was Coach Ed who was a little quirky but a real friendly guy.  He was very informative and had a lot of useful commentary.  The video sound system on the bus was all wacky though - some movies had softer volume and others were so very loud no one could sleep.  I appreciated his efforts to beat the other buses so we could always get first crack at the rest areas, food, bathrooms, stops, etc.  Our tour was supposed to arrive back in Vegas by 9:30 but we were dropped off in front of our hotel by 8:45 which we truly appreciated.The rest stop in Kingman was a little run down but got the job done.  Lunch was a buffet in Williams and actually not that bad.  When we finally got to the South Rim, we had 1 hour at one viewpoint and 1 hour at another.  That was definitely enough time to snap dozens of photos, hit the bathrooms, and grab a snack.On the way back, we saw the Hoover Dam at night.I would recommend this tour.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would.  Terrible customer service by uncaring management and ownership!!  Grand Canyon Tour Company refuses to live up to what you pay for.  My family (7total) along with four other hotel guests were not picked up at our hotel the morning of our tour.  We were at the location stated on their confirmation prior to the pick up time.  When no shuttle arrived I called their ASAP as stated "If you are not picked up with five minutes of your scheduled pickup time."  I was rudely told by GCTC's operator that the shuttle had come and gone (which was bullshit!!) and that we had to walk to Planet Hollywood on our own.  Now this would not be a problem if not for my 82 y.o. mother who doesn't walk so well.  When I asked if they could send the shuttle back to pick us up I was flatly refused.  Attempted to email my complaints to "Customer Service Manager" Joan Soltz, sent 5 emails before finally getting a response with a half assed, lie filled reply stating that "We did not tell you to walk to PH."  Joan Stolz lied saying that the shuttle did pick up at my hotel, (which again is BS.)  Attempted to contact the owner of Grand Canyon Tour Company, Karen Rancilio who apparently does not care to respond to legitimate customer complaints.  Bottom line is they got your money and don't care about what occurs after they charge your credit card.  DEFINITELY WOULD NOT RECOMMEND!!!
1	The only good thing I can say about Grand Canyon Tour Company is that the bus driver, Brandon, did a wonderful job of getting us to and from the canyon safely.  After spending a full hour on a bus waiting for late comers at hotel after hotel we finally arrived at Planet Hollywood where the tour was to begin from. On a day with a weather forecast for 3-5 inches of snow at Grand Canyon Village and South Rim, other tours were cancelled but Grand Canyon Tour Company sent at least one bus load of people out on the roads anyway.  Not only was it impossible to see anything when we did get to the canyon, the bus driver warned us  on the way that because of the temperature difference at the bottom and top of the canyon dense fog forms and visibility would probably be very poor, but we traveled on snow covered roads for about 1-1/2 hours heading to the canyon and ice covered roads on the trip back to Las Vegas, passing several bad accidents on the way.This was to be a 60th birthday celebration with our entire family on that bus but the celebration turned into a stressful, disappointing day.When I contacted Joan at Grand Canyon Tour Company to complain I was given many unsatisfactory excuses.  She then had the owner call me and that conversation was even worse.  I was basically told that they've been doing this for 30 years and know that weather forecasts are not always correct and that there was no reason to cancel the trip,  He should be thankful that the bus driver was as careful and conscientious as he was or he would have been looking at a busload of lawsuits.I have hopes of someday being able to afford to return to actually see the Grand Canyon but I would never in a million years travel with Grand Canyon Tour Company and certainly would not recommend that anyone else travel with them either.
1	Because of the problem with not being picked up at our hotel, I asked the company for a refund to my credit card of $70.00 for the inconvenience.  Joan flatly denied this and rudely stated that she would not be refunding anything.  Ok, so that leads me to contest the entire trip all six adults in the party.  Contested it with my credit card company, waited the allotted time for the vendor to respond to the credit card company, which they did not and received a credit back to my credit card!!  FYI....GCTC probably doesn't check into their accounting transactions very well.
5	What can I say about our experience with the Grand Canyon Tour Company??  It's simply as good as it gets.  I recently traveled to Las Vegas with a big group of friends and going to visit the Grand Canyon was one of the top items on our To-Do list.  We found the Grand Canyon Tour Company and I can honestly say Thank God.  We had such an amazing time that it's hard to put into words.  Our bus driver's name was Cathy and she was awesome and extremelly informative.  We learned tons of facts about the Grand Canyon and the Hoover dam and had lots of fun with her.  It really is worth every penny so if money is a concern, just DO IT.  You will not regret it and I promise you WILL get your money's worth.  Besides the tour, we also got a great meal which was included in the cost.  If you are in Las Vegas, make it a one day trip out there.  You will love it.  To top it all off, the day of our tour I ended up loosing something on the bus.  A Christmass gift that was very special to me.  The GCT team was able to find my item and Joan was kind enough to ship it back home to me in NJ and words cannot express how greatful I am to their team for their help and understanding.  When i go back to Vegas I will likely make the trip to the Grand Canyon again and I will definitelly go with this same company.  I suggest you do the same.  :o)
4	Fun Grand Canyon day trip. They picked us up at the hotel at 7:00 a.m., and had a couple of fun stops. Stopped in a cool little Route 66 town called Williams for lunch. Made it to the Grand Canyon. We walked the 2.5 mile hike to Bright Angel Lodge where the bus was there to pick us up again. On the ride back we stopped in Kingman, where we got Wendy's for dinner. We were back in Vegas by 9:00 p.m. Our driver was knowledgeable and told lots of facts and stories. Poor guy had the world's most monotone voice EVER (think "Bueller...? Bueller...?") and most of the people on the ride down fell asleep pretty fast. haha. My only real complaint is the pick up process. We were picked up at the Bellagio tour lobby and there were SO many buses coming in at 7:00am, that you really had no idea which one was yours. Every time a bus came in, everyone would jump up and run over. I would recommend to the tour company to put SOME kind of identifying logo or wording on your bus. I think it would help with the confusion. The Grand Canyon is pretty amazing though. I would highly recommend people see it. Its true when they say pictures don't really do it justice. I wish the tour allotted more time there, but I guess that's what you get when youre part of a group tour.
4	The tour we took was from Las Vegas to the South Rim.   The website for that tour is at:  http://www.grandcanyontourcompany.com/bussouth.html.   We stayed in Elara next to Planet Hollywood so the departing place for the tour was only 170 steps away from Elara's door into the Miracle Mile.   That made it easy plus we were early (arrived 6:00AM)  to get our choice of seats.   We had two relatives that were picked up at South Point and they took over an hour to get to the departing place due to their shuttle bus picking up people at various hotels to finally arrive at the bottom of the escalator in the Miracle mile.   Approximately 600 people gather there each morning for the tours.    This is where you also pick up your morning "snack" which consists of a drink (water/soda/ice tea) and a small pastry or other little thing to eat.   Nothing much to speak of for the snack.   The bus was comfortable although not a real luxury vehicle.   Our seats did not decline.   Small stowage above seat and on floor so you can bring your own stuff/food.   Your seats remain yours for the entire trip so you can leave stuff there and it's there when you get back one.   There is some storage underneath such as for a stroller as we noticed when one person brought their young baby.   We took off from the departure approx. 7:30am and had one small stop mostly for bathrooms and of course you had to walk thru the store to get to them.   There is a small bathroom at the rear of the bus.   Our driver was Tom or Tommy.  He was a character and was a wealth of information about the area.   He played a few videos on the way out and they were interesting and appropriate.  On the way back he played a family approved movie (Sandra Bullock and the football player).  We stopped for lunch at some place where they served all you can eat hot lunch.   It actually was pretty good which was surprising.    We got to the Canyon about 2:30PM or so although it was a 1 hr time difference from Las Vegas.    We had great weather so we chose to walk from Mather's point to the Bright Angel Lodge which was 2.6 miles along the rim of the canyon.   It was a good decision and got to Bright Angel lodge with about an hour to spare even taking our leisurely time on the way.   Tons of photos and spots to take pictures.    The walk is not straight as you curve around the canyon so the shadows and views change along the way.   Spectacular!   We were all pleased with the trip.   On the way back we realized that the driver was  going to drop people off hotel by hotel.  He didn't bring us back directly to the departure point, so we elected to get off with our relatives at South Point to avoid the long trip back to the miracle mile due to the numerous stops.   We got back approximately 9:45PM and I imagine it took another hour before the bus finally arrived back at the Miracle Mile.    This was actually good as the bus driver commended us for being back to the bus on time each stop, we didn't have to wait for anyone.   On the way back we saw the Hoover Dam lit up at night from the overpass/bypass bridge.  We also stopped for one rest stop on the way back.   It's a been there done that now but if I had to do it over again as a first time, knowing what I know, I would do it.   We tipped our driver, Tommy, generously as he was both entertaining, accommodating, and informative.
2	Our group went on the south rim tour for an over inflated price of $150/person. We were picked up at 6:30 am and taken to Miracle Mile in Planet Hollywood.  Our "breakfast " consisted of ONE danish and bottle of water, tea, or coffee. We actually went back and took another round later on. Bring a lot of snacks or you will be hungry!We first drove over the hudson bridge and stopped to take some pictures. Then we set off for south rim and ended up eating at a buffet near the railways.  It was actually pretty good mexican food like do it yourself nachos and tacos,  potato and sausage mix, spanish rice, salad bar, abd chicken legs. Overall it was quite satisfying but we only had 45 min to eat and shop.Nexx we got to Bright Angel Lodge where we had 2 hrs to shop, take pictures, and drink coffee at the cafe. To be honest, even though we had a great tour guide, the visit to the Grand Canyon was not that interesting. Thw view wasn't spectacular or breathtaking. At least we can now say we have been to the Grand Canyon though..
5	I took a tour of the South Rim and had an absolute blast!  I had the "Do It All" package that included the Helicopter/Boat ride and the Skywalk.  Before that, the bus stopped at Hoover Dam which had amazing views!  After that, I arrived at the beautiful Grand Canyon!First, I went on the Helicopter ride that took me to the base of the canyon.  The views from the chopper were AMAZING!  It was definitely the highlight of my trip.  After our party descended into the canyon, I rode a boat on the Colorado River.  The guide down there was excellent.  Finally, I capped off my tour with the Skywalk.  I could only stand there a few minutes before my fear of heights kicked in, but it was a good experience!On the bus ride back to Las Vegas, the driver shared interesting tidbits about the Strip that I was totally unaware of!  (Even as a Las Vegas resident.)  Overall, I would highly recommend this tour!  I had a fantastic time!
5	I took the Grand Canyon West Rim "Do It All" tour.  This tour includes bus service to and from the Grand Canyon West Rim, a stop at Hoover Dam and the recently completed Bypass Bridge, helicopter trip to and from the canyon floor, a boat ride on the Colorado River and the Skywalk.From the booking agent to the tour guide, the staff at Grand Canyon Tour Co was great!  I felt everyone really cared about my experience and the service was truly world class.The Grand Canyon is a majestic American icon.  Being able to enjoy the view of the Canyon's beautiful expanses from the air, river level, and Skywalk was an unforgettable experience.  The added attractions of the Hualapai Ranch, Eagle Point and Guano Point are a nice addition to the Canyon trip.Grand Canyon Tours offers an excellent tour with reliable service at a competitive price.  Check out the Grand Canyon West Rim as a day trip, you won't regret it!
4	Booked a south rim tour. Started off really slow, bus took us to the Miracle Mile and then we got put on another bus after getting a danish and coffee/water to start off with. Took a while to get things organized. Stopped near the dam, a rest stop in Kingman, Az, then had a decent lunch in Williams, Az. The south rim is quite a drive. Once we got there, we had a couple of stops at the canyon for about an hour each, then headed back with one stop again in Kingman, Az. The south rim is a long trip, prepare accordingly. We got back around 9:30 or so. Our driver, Tommy, was excellent and informative.
5	My daughter and I took the South Rim tour. We were a little late starting due to late arrivals from the other hotels (starting point was at Planet Hollywood). Our driver was very experienced and timed things to keep us just a head of other tours but still plenty of time at each stop. Buses were clean and amenities of electrical outlets and free WIFI are great. The Buffett lunch was very good and the restaurant was comfortable. Actually better then expected considering the price of the tour.     Larry's (the drivers) experience was also so helpful in tips on using our time and when we'd have more time to shop for souvenirs. Movies and history videos (G Movies and videos appear on tv screens spaced throughout bus) were timed to end just before arriving at the next stop. What is not mentioned is the history of Route 66 which is part of the drive. It really inspires me to go back and visit the area on a road trip. Be prepared to return late, we didn't make it back until ten s o don't plan anything because the return time can vary depending on road construction, delays, and which hotel you're staying at. Both my 18 year old daughter and I would recommend this trip. We tripped the driver $30 which is average for two people. Ultimately a great value for the price.
1	Went on the south rim tour yesterday. Tour was good price paid was 142 per person for 3 of us. Found out that the tour was only 80 per person when booked on website. Called company and got blew of saying that there affiliated brokers are allowed to charge what they want. I would not deal with this company as they are shady to to say the least.
1	We took the tour hoping that we get to see grand canyon and Hoover dam but the tour was big disappointment. If you just want to cross the bucket list then fine but if you really want to check out GC then go by car. The tour reservation line was very long and took 1 hr. Snacks and breakfast was not at all great just coffee and some cookie and small water bottle for whole trip. Bus was in good condition. They took us to Hoover dam for just 10 mins and that to some corner spot so could not even take pics. Then we reached GC at 2.45 and they just gave us 45 mins to see GC spot and take pic which isn't sufficient at all and seems they have tie up with restaurant as while going for lunch they took detour and wasted 1.5 Hrs. And after 45 mins of GC they dropped us at some snacks center for 1 hr wasting time which we though would have been much better if given at GC spots. And took 9pn to be back at Vegas. So yeah not really recommended as per my personal opinion.
5	Long drive from Las Vegas but a breathtaking view once you get there...it's worth the trip. :)
4	Overall a great tour for the day, and at a great price. Got to see some incredible views and our tour guide was full of information and a natural comedian (the dam jokes never get old) I did the south rim tour and definitely feel like I got more than I signed up for which I appreciate!
2	Where do I begin?If you can get past the hotel pick up 'cluster f*ck', then the cattle call, part 1 at the bus depot, then cattle call part 2 at lunch time, once you get there it is worth it!-if you can avoid the hotel pick up and go straight to the bus deport - do it, do it, do it!!! trust me.... I was told a 6:30a pick up at the Excalibur rotunda, that turned into a 10-15 bus mess. I had to go to every bus, and in the process an hour later I found out my bus left at 6:23a - yup, way before the 6:30 pick up. Lucky for me the bus was rerouted back to the hotel for pick up.-Cattle call #2 came at the lunch stop. We got 45 minutes to eat and half that time was spent in line waiting for food. There was not a single waiter to be found!if you can get past those 2 things - once you get to the Canyon - you will wonder why you waited so long to get there. We had a great tour guide - Larry. We made a stop at Hoover Dam, and watched a movie about the building of the dam. In addition we drove down historic route 66.This will be a long day for you - about 10 hours from start to end. Wear comfortable shoes and bring a few bottles of water, and tip your driver for a job well done!
1	Horrible customer service!  I was excited for my trip to the Grand Canyon but I had a death in the family which resulted in canceling my whole trip and flying home instead.  All the other companies I had things booked with were very understanding, except this company.  Very hard to get in touch with customer service and the rep Donna was very rude.  I was told  I would be charged only the cancelation fee of $35 per person. A month later I had to call company back, which once again is a very long wait, to request my refund that was never given to me.  Would loved to use this company when I can plan my trip again but not after this fiasco!
1	We are extremely unhappy with the way they price the tour. Basically, at the time of reservation and handing in credit card number, they gave small fine print talking about fuel surcharge without providing the exact amount. After they got the credit card number, they charge whatever fuel surcharge they want and tour cancellation costs $35 per person. This is ridiculous, to me; it is nothing different than the credit card fraud.We were looking for Grand Canyon south rim tour from Las Vegas. This company has quite some good reviews, so we decided to book the tour with them. On their website, they price was clearly given in bold red letter, but there are some fine print talking about the fuel surcharge. During the reservation process, they do talk about the fuel surcharge, but the price was not given. In the end, we gave the credit card number and received reservation email. In the email, there is no mention of the fuel surcharge and price was the price quoted on their website. The next day, we received a confirmation email in which there was additional $9 fuel surcharge for each person.We called the company twice; they do not care at all. They gave all kinds of excuse. They claimed that we agreed to the fuel surcharge, and blamed that we should call them to ask about the fuel surcharge. Then they were talking about why they could not give the total cost clearly online because of the fluctuation of fuel price. All these make no sense to me, there are so many businesses whose cost of operation are affected by the fuel price, but I have never seen an open price at the time I give my credit card. In the end, they basically said, since I gave them the credit card, they can charge whatever they feel needed.$9 is not a big amount, what really infuriated me is the way how they practice it and how they handle the customers. There is absolutely no excuse why they cannot give clear and firm price online. For me, the way how they price it online humiliates customers and is absolutely unacceptable.To be fair to the company, the tour is okay. The bus driver is good too. But we will never use, and does not recommend to, use this company at all. We need more honesty, sadly, honesty is going away gradually.
