5	Very excited to take more classes here.  I took my first spin class on the RealRyder leaning spin bike and loved it.  I just bought the special advertized here on yelp for the month so that I will have no excuse not to come back to CoreBalance Studio to try the other classes that they offer.  This is a new space... right now they offer barre classes, spin and yoga.  These are all the things I love now if they would only add Pilates my life would be complete (wink, wink)
5	Love this cute little studio! They have barre, yoga and spin classes (the spin is amazing because it is on RealRyder bikes that also give you a great core workout)! Your first class is free so why not try it? (And trust me, you'll love it!) I also like that they offer mid-day classes all throughout the week-as some places do not. I would definitely recommend this studio to anyone-- beginners all the way to the very experienced! (I've only taken spin but I plan on trying Barre, for the first time, as well as the yoga classes) --- they also supply you with the towels and it's nice and cool in there! There is also a cute little fountain in the Yoga room!
5	Have fun while you workout!  This nice little studio above Moda Fina offers spin (Real Ryder - the bikes move side to side), yoga, barre, and core fusion classes. There is also a personal trainer there (Todd) who has had many years of experience.  I have only taken Real Ryder classes and a Pilates class so can only write about these classes.   The Real Ryder classes are really hard workouts, so expect to sweat, but also expect to have fun!  The Real Ryder bikes have very heavy flywheels and also move, which allows you to work your core.  I typically work at a higher intensity level than a regular gym spin class.  Also, each instructor brings his or her unique music and style to the class.  If you enjoy hip hop/rap/R&B, there's a live DJ class on Mon/Weds nights at 5:30pm with Todd and DJ T-Last.  I like all the instructors there, and the owner, Grant is very friendly.  Most all of the instructors introduce themselves to newbies and help with any type of set up one might need.  The barre/core fusion classes seem to fill up rather quickly, and I have heard they are great.  The studio offered almost two months of free classes, which was a nice way to check out what was going on here. I purchased a bulk package of classes, rather than an unlimited, since I belong to other gyms. The prices are high, but that's typical of any type of nice studio like this.  The yoga studio where I usually go is slightly cheaper but does not offer the variety that CoreBalance has.  Other perks include towel service and Sparkletts water.  There are towels on each bike, and one can get tasty water from the Sparkletts' dispensers (rather than seeing a gross loogie in a gym's water fountain!)   The studio is a cheerful orange and gray inside with lots of light coming into the workout rooms. The schedule has a lot of different times, and I was happy to have a 5:30 am on some mornings when I have a busy day.   Getting there during late afternoon traffic has proven to be an annoyance (it's around 32nd/Camelback, a very busy area), but the early mornings and weekends offer some class times. They continue to expand their selection as well.  Another nice thing is there's no false information provided from the gym. One of my pet peeves is that some gyms go beyond their scopes of practice and offer services (i.e. nutrition) without expert qualifications. It's nice to see this studio focused on their classes and great instructors. However, I did notice that they recently started selling raspberry ketones (non - evidenced based) and some sort of other nutrition supplement products. I realize they're money makers... but don't like those kind of things.
5	CoreBalance is AWESOME. I have been coming here since August (even before their grand opening), and prior to that have never taken any spin classes (but have done other classes like barre, boxing, pilates). Even though I was completely unfamiliar with these bikes, the instructors were super helpful in getting me situated and set up - and providing an amazing and fun workout, to boot. I didn't know much about spin, so after my first class, I had this conversation with a friend who did spin regularly:Me: "so, you know those bikes at spin classes? Do they also turn as if you're on a real bike?" Friend: "uh no... They're just regular stationary bikes.."Me: "oh... And is there normally a deejay spinning (hah!) on turntables at other studios?" Friend: "no, never! What is this place that you went to??" ...and now this friend also goes here as well :) Why would you go anywhere else?I mostly go to Todd's class, as his energy is infectious and the music (mostly top 40 but also some 90s hip hop, yesssss!) gets you pumped up and moving, but the other instructors are great, too. I've been to a CoreFusion class which kicked my abs' butt, if my abs could have a butt. And, Grant (the owner) is one of the nicest guys you'll meet. The studio is modern and clean, everyone here is super friendly, and you are guaranteed a fantastic workout session. I'm so glad I found this gem of a fitness studio and I try to take advantage of any deals it offers (yelp, groupon), but honestly I would still pay the regular price for these classes too - they are totally worth it! As long as this place is open (which better be a looooong time!) I will definitely keep coming.
5	I love Core Balance Studio so much. I really love the trainers. They are highly motivational, and genuine as well. I have only attended the Real Ryder classes, but I'm going to try some of the others. This is truly what I would call a boutique gym. If you are interested in trying this place out at all, I would highly encourage you to give it a shot. You will feel welcome the first time you go, and they will challenge you physically every minute you are there. Thanks Grant!
5	I just recently signed up for classes here and I love it! CoreBalance is a small modern studio, that offers spin, barre, yoga, pilates, and more!So far I've tried:Spin: this is different then a typical spin class, their bikes actually turn so you're able to work out your abs and arms too. Yoga: power vinyasa, the teacher was great, very helpful in making sure your poses were correct.WEightless: this class is super fun, the teacher is very energetic, and the class is based on using your own body weight to create a strong core, as well as arms and legs.Spin 30/30: this is 30 minutes spin, 30 minutes circuit training, will kick your butt!The owner is very nice and friendly as well, I would highly recommend CoreBalance.
5	Love this place!!! Reasonably priced and a lot of variety. The instructors are great!  The spin classes are excellent and the bikes move with you. They have spin class with a live DJ on some nights which i am dying to try.  I have taken the Barre and CoreFusion classes here and they are both great! You will use muscles you didn't know existed.  Private Pilates class with Alison Trumball is fantastic!  Alison is super motivating and energetic! I have watched my body transform in the past 10 months. I'm addicted.
5	This place rocks!Grant had a private class for us lululemon gals, and it was so great! The RealRyders here are LEGIT. Don't be afraid to try them- they give you a real road experience, and really give you a full body workout. The spin studio itself is very nice and clean , and the music was great!Billie gave us a quick ab intensive, and she was wonderful. Amazing how 15 minutes can give you a crazy burn in your belly.The space itself is really neat, clean lines and modern. I haven't taken a class outside of the private one Grant did for us, but if they are anything like that, I am sure they are amazing!
5	I absolutely love working out here.  I primarily go for the RealRyder spin classes.  I've taken a mat class or two; but what I absolutely crave are the intense spin classes - you know you are burning those calories!  I've gone to pretty much every spin instructor's class, I like them all.  Each of them are unique but either way, you get a great workout.  I've been wanting to try the WEightless class, I've heard really great things about it.  For newbies, I recommend trying it out for a few classes to see how you feel - more than likely, you'll become obsessed like the rest of us.  At that point, go buy spin shoes, they make all the difference in the world (rather than your normal cross trainers) - spin shoes snap into the pedals.  All the staff are extremely friendly - if you have questions or need help, don't be afraid to ask.  They truly want to make sure you have the best workout possible.
5	I started going to corebalance a few months ago and love it! So far I have attended: Barre & Pilates with Alison T. Alison is great! She knows how to help you & push yourself just a little further every time for great results. Barre intervals with Ulyssa (only once so far) is a fast moving energetic class. You're legs will be screaming but it's all for those buns of steel right?!Yin Yoga with Brianna is a great prep for the week ahead and stretches out sore muscles from the week prior. Last but certainly not least is Weightless with Kiya. What an amazing class! If you are having a bad day and hate the thought of working out, go to this class! I promise you Kiya's crazy fun energy will make you glad you did & you will get more of a workout than you thought you would! I am trying my first spin class later this week so I'll update later.  All the instructors and Grant are awesome, friendly and welcome anyone and any level.
5	This place is the best!!! I've tried several studios and this is the only one I've bought a membership for! I have yet to take a spin class, but LOVE the yoga and barre classes. Great location, awesome teachers and clean room/bathrooms. They've added classes too so there are plenty to choose from! I noticed a change in my body in a week!! I highly recommend this place!!
5	I have been to several fitness studios but I can honestly say that I feel at home at CoreBalance.  I absolutely love this studio!  Grant has created a great boutique studio that offers spin, circuit classes, Pilates, Yoga, Barre and WEightless classes.  I love the variety of classes this studio has to offer.  Grant and his staff are amazing and so friendly.  If Spin is your game, you will find a great workout with the RealRyder.  This is not your normal Spin bike.  This bike moves and will put some definition in your abs.  The bikes take a little bit of getting use to but you will feel it in your abs.  Barre Intervals takes barre to the next level.  Ulyssa will give you a high-intense workout that will make you feel great.  I'm not going to lie, this is a tough class   You're legs will be screaming but it's worth it! Air Barre (WEightless) is the best  workout I have ever tried.  It's also kind of life-changing.  Kiya  will help train your mind, body and soul with one crazy workout.  The first time I took Kiya's class, I thought she was crazy.  After attending her class, I can thank her for teaching me to be weightless and learning to let things go.  Grant and all the instructors are awesome and very knowledgeable.  If you are looking to change up your workout routine, CoreBalance will take you to the next level.
5	I love this place! The owner was very friendly and gave off an amazing energy on my first day there. I took a yoga class, led by Kandi and it was fantastic. I can't wait to go back and try a spin class.
5	This is a great place.  It's very laid back.  Everyone (customers and instructors) are super nice and friendly.  And I love how everyone is there to work out, not just prance around in full makeup, hair done, wearing their new $150 yoga outfit that they hope everyone will notice.And the classes are for every level.  You can get a GREAT workout in every one of them no matter if it's your first time or your millionth.  And there are so many varied classes...yoga, barre, spin, circuit training and others...what more can you ask for.
5	I've been a member at CoreBalance Studio since November 2013 and plan on continuing as long as their doors are open.  This is a two-room fitness studio that offers Yoga, Spin, Barre and Weightless classes. I've had your standard gym memberships in the past and never felt like I was working out to my fullest potential and the routine became boring.  At CoreBalance you will get a focused, efficient, no nonsense approach to getting a great workout in a short amount of time. It really is like having a personal trainer.  There are various rates from drop in to monthly-unlimited classes.  All of which are completely worth it.  And your first class is free.   In the past 4 months, I have experienced substantial strength gains, tone muscles and fat loss in many areas. CoreBalance has top notch, knowledgeable instructors that really know how to get the maximum results. Before joining CoreBalance, I had never tried Spin, Barre or Yoga and was initially worried I'd get strange stares from others or singled out by the instructor. Quite the opposite happened.  Not only are the instructors supportive and nonjudgmental, they are patient and encourage you to work at your own limit and build up from there. If you are tired of the traditional gym scene, give CoreBalance a try. The staff is friendly, helpful and really sincere about you being there and getting results. Grant has done a wonderful job of creating a community atmosphere.
5	I started going to this studio after buying a voucher deal and I loved it so much after my deal ended, I purchased a membership. Everyone is really friendly and there because they legitimately want to work out and get in shape- not put on a show. The studio is in a great location, the owner Grant is super nice, and the classes put me in the best shape of my life. I tried the spin classes but it wasn't really my thing though I know they are a huge hit for a lot of the other customers. I love the barre/Pilates classes- Allison, the barre teacher, is so great and on point with her instruction. She will get you in great shape if you're willing to put the work in!
5	I've been taking classes at Core Balance for about 2 years now and I think it's by far the most superior spin studio in Phoenix. Aside from the awesome bikes which provide the ultimate full body, carido workout, the staff is incredible, helpful and always friendly. I'm a huge fan!!!!
5	I went religiously to CorBalance for a year and would not have left if I hadn't moved across the country.Alison's Classic Barre kicked my butt every time but it was one of my most favorite classes. She is an amazing teacher, so friendly, and will make you work!!Spin here is legit. Be ready to sweat, work, and have the best time. My favorite classes were with Lisa. She is hilarious but don't be fooled, she is intense! I did also take the occasional yoga class as well - totally worth it. Actually, I never had a bad class here at all.Grant will go out of his way to make sure he knows your name - absolutely awesome.This is probably one of the best studios I've ever been at and I know every time I visit, I will be dropping in for a class here!
5	Such an Amazing studio!!! You will never experience a spinning class quite like this!
5	Let me preface this review by saying that in the past, I've been a workout studio slooter. I've probably tried ten to fifteen different studios in Phoenix, mostly because I get bored and I'm a sucker for a good deal (hello, Groupon!). That being said, I feel like I've found my soulmate in CoreBalance. The studio has tons of different classes (yoga, spin, barre, piyo, circuit training) and variations within each type (yin, hot, and vinyasa yoga, etc.). The variations keep things interesting, and you will never feel confined to one type of practice, which was my qualm with a lot of yoga studios.Compared to similar gyms in Arcadia, CoreBalance comes out ahead. At Madison and the Village, classes are so full all the time that it makes it hard to get one-on-one instruction and frankly, it's gross when other people are so close that they sweat on you or your mat. I've never had that problem at CoreBalance--the classes are always small and spacious. I'm hesitant to even write this review because of that, but this is a studio that deserves success! Also, an unlimited monthly membership at CoreBalance is $30 cheaper than the others. And, as an added bonus, you also don't have to put up with the judgment that comes from the clientele at those places. Another gush-worthy characteristic is the instructors. They all take time to learn names, provide one-on-one attention, motiviation,  and are generally just awesome and fun to be around. CoreBalance, you had me at hello.
5	Rarely write Yelp reviews, but feel like Grant and Amy should be recognized for their studio.  The instructors are very customer oriented, manage to make the spin classes challenging enough for the hard core yet are mindful of newbies.  The Real Ryder bikes at this studio allow you to lean and turn the handlebars, which adds a new dimension to a spin.   The 30/30 classes are a great all around workout.  Glad I found CoreBalance.
