5	They do a great job.. some of the folks do better than others but I have been going there for almost 2 years and I wont go anywhere else. best set of nails I have ever had.  I get my eyebrows, pedi and acrylics done. Not usually a wait and they are all nice.
5	I am extremely picky with my nails and I haven't been able to find someone who is really meticulous and doesn't cut corners...until now.  I've lived in Vegas 8 years and FINALLY found my nail salon.  Ask for Harry.  My pedicures last the full 2 weeks without chipping and my pink and whites look beautiful. Mine are as natural looking as I could get them (on the shorter side with thinner white at the top).  I've had many compliments from random people.
1	I went there on a Friday and by Saturday my nails were lifting and my toe polish was chipped. I called and they nicely said they would fix them no problem. I get there and the original guy who did them is ride won't even talk. Jerked my legs around after he painted my toes. Left me at the dryer for 30 minutes. Extremely unprofessional! Needless to say I will never go back worst  customer experience ever.
5	I was recently here to get my nails done. I read the reviews on here and was afraid to have chipped nails. Are you kidding me? They lasted three weeks! Sometimes I don't trust the reviews until I go there myself. So far, this place is the best ever! Love the people there.
3	Price was different than what was on the wall. I hate that. Decent color selection, definitely not a wonderful mani or pedi. I won't be returning.
5	What to expect when you go to Hot Nails... fun and inviting atmosphere. Leaving with beautiful nails. If you are adventurist, they make your nails HOT! lol Prices are comparable to other shops in the area so what separates them are the people!
5	I had searched for another salon before I moved to the area. They had great reviews. I drove all the way to the southwest side of town to go there. I thought it was great. After three days, my thumb nail chipped and fell off!!! This had never happened. They repaired it and a few days later the whole nail cracked. Wow. I decided to try this location per yelp reviews. Hannah worked on my nails. I like pink and whites. I am particular with the shape of my nails, and always have to settle for what the stylist assumes is what I want. Hannah was amazing. She made sure to ask questions every step of the way, and I got exactly what I was looking for. I have never experienced such a great experience while getting my nails done. They are absolutely beautiful. The shop itself is bright and cheery. It is super clean, and I love the fact that all of the ladies have their own nails nicely polished. I love this salon.
5	Since I've started waxing my eyebrows 10 years ago, it's safe to say that I've had many different people waxing me.  I've experienced great jobs and jobs that have made me look like a drag queen.  It's safe to say that once I found a great person, I tend to continue going back, no matter how far.  Prior to coming to Hot Nails, I've been going to a small joint on Flamingo and Maryland.  The ladies there take their time and really make me look good!  I was leary to come to Hot Nails only because of the change, however decided to check this place out because of a really good friend's recommendation. Like any other nail shop, when you arrive, you're greeted by the smell of polish and acetone.  At Hot Nails, they offer a lot of services like most Nail shops.  I typically visit these places soley for the waxing option for $15.  I came in Saturday to clean my eyebrows as I just shaved my entire head as well.  It's all about the manscaping!  Kim was the name of my waxer.  It's funny because the girl that did my eyebrows at the last place was name Kim.  All I gotta say is that she "nailed" it!  LOL.  My eyebrows look so good and I honestly think she did a better job than the other place I've been going to for years.  Here's the best part.  Hot Nails is literally a block away from my apartment!  I never have to drive 20 minutes again to do my eyebrows!  If you're in the old Henderson, Boulder/Lake Mead area and need to do your eyebrows, go see Kim!  She'll exceed your expectations.
3	Here in Vegas on vacation and wanted a pedicure while Hubby played black jack in downtown Henderson. Why would I go so far away from Vegas? It was close to the casino I dropped Hubby off at and $25 for a spa Pedicure is a good deal. The spa Pedi at the Luxor was $75 and there was NO WAY I was paying that.The fact it was in the ghetto wasn't very appealing along with the police patrol on the strip mall should have been a clue.  They did a nice job on my feet and they were very nice.
5	There is a nail tech there that is named Nathan, he is a master of nails. Ive NEVER had one chip or break in the 6 months I've been going to him. He takes pride in his work and a very nice man as well. I'd sing his praises from the rooftop if I could!!
1	I'm actually kind of floored that there are ANY decent reviews of this place. It is DIRTY. The stations have clearly not been cleaned in a long time. The UV light machine where I put my hands to dry...I was kind of retching a little. Greasy and grimy and with actual layers of other people's dead skin cells. Seriously disgusting. On top of that, the gal who did my nails did this very creative filing job where my nails were u-shaped. U-shaped. Not kidding. Looked like a little elf had taken a bite out of the end of each nail. I have no idea who taught this girl this technique. Perhaps this is a new fad somewhere in the world. I was so floored that I just paid, went home and filed my nails, and have never returned since.I would like to reiterate how dirty this place is. I had "HEALTH HAZARD" flashing in my head in red lights the whole time, and I'm not very high maintenance about that kind of stuff. I can't believe I didn't just get up and go. I think I was too shocked.Blech. Never again.
1	I had used this salon for several months and got nail fungus on my feet, which required extensive medical treatment. They are sloppy about cleaning the pedicure bowls and the entire salon is generally filthy. The people that do your nails just slop on the polish and don't care if your cuticles have been cleaned nor that your polish is all over your skin. I left them for greater than a year, but was given a gift certificate so I went back. The service was still horrible, the polish was still slopped on and my whole gel manicure took 15mins. THE WORST service anywhere, although, I do have to say that the people are nice.
3	I've been trying out nail salons over in the henderson area. This one isn't so bad. The pedicure is good. The water was cold tho. The guy who did my pedicure was nice. But when it came to picking out a color for the gel pedicure every color I picked he said no not that color. I ended up going with a color he picked just to get the pedicure finished. The pedicure went faster than normal and there was no foot massage. I usually get pedicure for the pretty toes and the foot massages since I am on my feet all day at work. Overall, okay place.
5	Love this place! I moved to Henderson about a year ago and struggled to find a great nail salon! When I found this place I was sooo happy! They do a great job and have a big staff to accommodate you - the prices are a little more then some places nearby but well worth it and you know you are going to happy with the results!
5	Ive been going to Hot Nails since I moved here, they are fantastic! I moved here from California a couple years ago, and they are the only place who can properly do flare nails (duck feet). The atmosphere is really inviting,  I usually call last minute for an appointment, but they somehow always fit me in! I normally see Hannah, she is so sweet and really takes her time with my nails. She was off work when I called so I saw Hang and she did a great job on my flares! The salon has a huge selection of glitter acrylics, and I am so pleased every time I leave. My acrylics do not lift & for the work they do it is very reasonably priced, I recommend this place to all of my friends!
3	My nail stylist was Q & at first he acted like he didn't want to do my nails. But he did a great job doing my fill & took his time doing them. He added a gel top coat, filed down my nails at the correct length, & made them look more square. Total cost was $21, which is not bad!
1	Why would anyone go here?  It's the same price as every other salon and its so old and dirty.  I have never had a worst customer service experience.  All the employees were so miserable, especially the man that was doing my full-set.  I told him my nail was crooked and he told me it was my finger that was crooked and now I'm stuck with a nail pointing the other direction!!  If I wanted to be treated bad I would have spent my lunch break with my ex husband!
5	Got my brows and lip done and was in and out in a jiff! I called before I went to make sure they weren't busy and was serviced right away. And the wax itself took less than 10 minutes and looked great! My brows were sisters, not cousins :) . Which is always amazing !! It was $17 total, wish it was a tad cheaper. Nonetheless the serice was terrific. I'll try getting my nails done next time!
1	To me, when you go to get a pedicure, or a manicure..... You should leave in a better mood. That's when you know that the salon you just visited did it right.I almost left in tears. My guy thought that he would surprise me with some "alone" time and made me an appointment for a manicure and pedicure. Of course, I was excited.Of course, I was afraid. Because we are in "henderTucky", and shit can be a lil' scurry (scary) in these hurrr (here) parts. First off, you sign in. I was ten minutes early to my five o'clock appointment. I'm glad I was early, because I needed the ten minutes to sort through the disaster of nail polishes on the wall. Some of these polishes seriously needed a good shake, and some needed to be thrown away. I could tell by just looking at the bottle that they were overaged and very clumpy.Going along with the season, I selected a red OPI (im not really a waitress). My pedicure chair was ready for me at the end, where I sat down next to a woman who had just started her pedicure.A slender man with glasses walked up to me, sat, and started to tap which leg he wanted to work on. The massage was lack luster. I finished my pedicure and was halfway through my manicure before the other woman (who started before me) was finished with her pedicure........ Now, comes the part where I have to hold back the tears. The same technician who did my pedicure was doing my manicure. He rummaged through his station's drawer, which had money and God only knows what else, and pulled out the tools to push and trim my cuticles. He did not ask me what shape I wanted my nails. He just started filing. The "massage" he did on my hands was rough, and fast. Every single one of my fingers popped as he pulled and tugged on them. As he dismissed me to the drying station, I notice that my nails are bubbling. They did not dry smooth. Not to mention that I also had a bug crawl on my hand while my hands were under the UV light spot trying to dry. I asked a woman if I could have them repainted. And she sent me right to the same douche that did the bad job in the first place. He half assed in taking off the original polish.  He quickly repainted my nails, and this time turned on the mini fan on his station so I could dry. Thankfully, with no bubbles, but red nail polish stain on my hands. He didn't bother to clean me up all the way. Or, even bother to paint my entire nail. So...Dirty toolsBugsShitty paint jobsRude employee.Thanks but no thanks.
