3	This restaurant is very attractive.  A stylish, contemporary decor makes a nice first impression.  You can sit inside with a view of the pizza oven or outside on the patio.  A nice touch is that the staff greets you in Italian.I ordered the Regina Margherita pizza.  It looked great and the sauce made with San Marzano tomatoes was fantastic.  However, the middle of the crust was too soft and mushy for my taste.I've had pizza in Naples and Napoletana certified pizza in New York.  The ingredients here are wonderful at 'Pomo but I just wasn't satisfied with the texture of the crust.
3	Stopped by Pomo after visiting Dolce for a massage and haircut and even though the restaurant had just opened, they were friendly and attended to our needs promptly.  The menu is definitely worth reading through, as there are many different options for your salads and pizzas.  My wife and I shared a spring salad, which was ample and was made with fresh balsamic dressing.  For the pizza we shared the buffalo mozarella, plain ol' cheese, with a little chopped basil.  The pizza was pretty tasty, albeit a little watery, however, was not worth the 14 bucks we had to shell out to get it.  I do like the idea of the wood fired pizza that cooks at 950 degrees for less than 2 minutes, and that all the pizza are minimalist, again though, not really worth the dough.  (pun definitely intended)  I suppose that they have a pretty substantial lease that they have to cover and being a newer restaurant, feel the need to mark up all the pies to turn a profit, whatever.I am not saying don't go to Pomo, but bring your wallet and be prepared to leave a little hungry.
4	Made my first visit to 'Pomo last evening and it will not be my last. I've been to Naples - Napoli for you Italians, and the first bite of this pizza took me right back there. Pomo is all about the ingredients and they take pride in what comes out of their kitchen. These are thin crust pizzas, with dough that is a bit more chewy than crunchy -- a trait consistent with the pizzas I enjoyed in Naples.Our table of four started with caprese -- buffalo mozzarella, tomatoes and bread. Mozzarella was the star of this show -- exhibiting the right amount of salt. We also had the Carpaccio of Beef covered with Arugula. We added a generous amount of fresh olive oil and this was superb. The meat was air-dried, came with texture and taste. I was fighting with my dining companions for "more than my share" of this plate.The place is still new and some kinks in service are being worked out. Those kinks are not friendliness or attitude so I can live with first month jitters. We called a few things to their attention and they sent someone to the store to solve our issues (that needed no solving). Nice Italian vibe -- do yourself a favor and take yourself to Naples.
4	After an article in AZ Republic last week, my family and I decided to give it a whirl. Since my niece is 15 months and not great at restaurants right now, we opted for take out. The menu is in Italian, so, being the only one in my family to speak the language, I ordered over the phone. I was not being pretentious, I just was ordering as things were written on the menu. Of course, the guy taking my order had no idea what I was saying and I had to translate the order back into English, which was kind of weird. The food arrived and was kind of cold, which I was expecting. But the flavors were all there and the pizzas did remind me a lot of what I've had in Italy both in size, taste and appearance. The crust was really nice, chewy, with that delicious wood-fired smokiness. The sauce was simply crushed San Marzano tomatoes that had a wonderful, sweet flavor. I opted for a pizza with buffalo mozzarella, which had a little sharper taste than the cow's milk cheese. My brother tried one of the Pizze Frite, fried pizzas, which was kind of like a deep fried calzone, or a giant fried ravioli. It was OK, but I know he was glad to sample some of the other pizzas we ordered. I would like to eat Pomo again. Next time, I'm dining in. You can't beat a pipping hot pizza straight out of the oven!
1	Based on early reviews we were very excited to try this place out.  Phoenix is fast becoming a mecca for quality pizza and we were anxious to see if this deserved to be in the mix.  It is advertised as a faithful representation of the original pies that were enjoyed out of Naples.  Very excited indeed.So we show up and are promptly seated.  The atmosphere seems good and the place is moderately busy.  We anxiously scan the menu over the myriad options available to us.  After several minutes we begin to wonder where our server is.  After 15 minutes it becomes somewhat of a joke.  We scan the room. A couple of servers are back near the pizza oven, the place is still only moderately full.  We begin to wonder.At 25 minutes the wonder turns to frustration.  We haven't been greeted, no one has dropped by, and we can't get the attention of anyone.At 30 minutes we decided that we had met our limit.  No amount of quality pizza merited this kind of piss poor service.At 45 minutes we were across the street at Humble Pie enjoying some drinks and salad.  Very good pizza, very good service....at Humble Pie that is.I'm really ticked.  I really love this concept and I'm sure that the pizza is probably good.  Maybe some day I'll go back when I'm given some kind of promise that the service will be....oh, serviceable.
2	Lets be quick and to the point. I had to go check this pizzeria because I had read an article in the Republic were the owners of this pizzeria claimed to be the creators of the best pizza Napoletana in Phoenix.I began to doubt their claims the minute I was served a Caprese Salad with anemic tomatoes and stale bread.I ordered the Pizza Napolitana, tomato, mozzarella and anchovies. The chewy dough had good flavor but if it had lacked the anchovies, this pie would have been dead in flavor.Lots to improve in the service, I witnessed a table of 8 leave because they had been ignored for 45 minutes.The semifreddo was spectacular but to be frank, this pizzeria lacks what Cibo has in abundance; good service, authentic chewy slightly burnt and blistered dough, a tomato sauce that can't be replicated in flavor, a mozzarella that plays a symphony of flavors, in one word...the real Pizza napolitana. No questions, no arguments.
5	How fortunate we are that  Stefano Fabbri, owner of the new Pomo Pizzeria in the Borgata, is a pizza fanatic. He is obsessed with the authenticity of his Napoletana style pizza - so much so that  his restaurant will be vetted by the Associazione Verace Pizza Napoletana at the end of the month. There's a lengthy set of rules to be followed: specific imported tomatoes and cheeses, the proper kind of flour, the dough must be shaped to a certain size (12 -14 inches) and thickness after a particular rising time. You get the idea. Fabbri has an imported wood burning brick pizza oven that heats to a blistering 950 degrees and cooks the pizza in 90 seconds. It's smoking hot coming out of the oven, which gives the toppings time to meld to perfection.      There's something you have to understand and be open to experiencing in this crust. It's thin and light as a feather, but what most of us are not used to is that it's slightly moist in the center, not crispy. That's because one of the above rules says that the crust must be foldable. Stefano says that after you've tried it two or three times, even die-hard crispers will be converted I say that it's possible to enjoy both crusts. The one concession made to American tastes is in the variety of toppings. Traditionally the pie is made only with tomato, oregano or basil, mozzarella di bufala, garlic and oil, but 17 varieties of pie are offered here - though for sure you won't find pineapple and Canadian bacon. Also available are some appetizers and salads. We had an antipasti platter with meats and cheeses, sliced on an imported hand-cranked slicer. I learned that if an electric slicer is used the blade becomes hot enough to start to cook the prosciutto. There's a soup and pasta of the day, five paninis, and some amazing desserts made in-house daily by a well-known local pastry chef.     Pomo occupies the space formerly used by Thai Thai. It's done up simply in dark browns and white, with a floor to ceiling mural of Naples on the back wall. The bar, with a selection of Italian wines, and the open kitchen takes up about a third of the space, while banquettes, tables and chairs (somewhat crowded together in European fashion) uses the rest. Patio dining is available. Our server was delightful and efficient although I have read some complaints about the service at peak hours. This is not a restaurant for the faint-of-wallet. Our antipasto, pizza, and molten lava cake came to about $40 without tax or tip. But believe me, it was worth every penny. YOU'VE GOT TO TRY THIS PLACE. Like I said, pizza rules!!
5	Excellent service and great pizza.  The owner came by several times and  suggested we try the Regina Margherita as first timers;  a simple cheese and tomato thin crust pizza.  We tried it and were not disappointed.Several days earlier the owner, server and chef came to visit Scottsdale Community College for an Italia event sponsored by the SCC Language Department.  I listened to how they use only ingredients (at least the primary ones) directly from Italy and the 900 degree oven that can cook a pizza in 60 seconds.  The trick in Italy is quickly cook the crust but not overcook the tomato and cheese.  They served very generous samples of lasagna and a traditional thick cheese pizza at SCC.  Both were very good but had to go to their restaurant to experience the "real" thin crust Italian pizza with the Italian DOP rating expected soon. Not exactly sure what the letters DOP stand for but it is a good thing. Will be back again to try to try some of the other thin crust pizzas!!
5	It is with 100% confidence that I write a completely different review for Pomo, a review that is 180 degrees different than the original. As my previous entry mentioned we went to Pomo a few weeks ago and our experience was less than stellar.  It was going to take nothing less than a very sincere apology to get me back.  And I got that and a whole lot more.  This past week I received a personal email from owner Stefano Fabbri that not only apologized for the oversight but also explained that he would like to win back my patronage.  So I decided to take a work associate over and give Pomo a second chance.From the moment we entered, the experience was different.  We received polite and attentive service from the start.  Stefano himself came by and not only explained to us how he had used my complaint to restructure how his servers operated but also went into great detail describing what goes into making an authentic Neapolitan pizza.    And than the pizza came.  It was light and full of simple flavor, a symphony of perfection.  You could absolutely taste the quality and the care that went into its preparation.  There are no short cuts here, just pure craftsmanship and passion.    And finally, the education came.  He walked us through all of the steps, ingredients, and preparation that go into making this treasured dish.  We tasted the mozzarella di bufala, we  inspected the handcrafted Italian wood burning stove, we learned about the delicate flavor of the tomato that is so often lost by pizzas that are overcooked.  We laughed, we almost cried, we talked about the old country.  I am convinced that once the public is able to understand and distinguish an Italian pizza from those raised in the U.S. that Pomo will become a prized fixture in the Phoenix dining scene.  This place offers an experience that is exceptionally authentic....and authenticity, as most of us know, is in very short supply in Scottsdale.
4	My first visit to Pomo was quite nice.  The decor is stylish and for once you don't have to stare at cars if you eat on the patio....not the case for most restaurants in Scottsdale/ Phoenix.  The ingredients were fresh and wonderful.  I enjoyed the Caprese salad, the mozzarella was wonderful, as was the tomato and bread.   It's nice to hear Italian being spoken by the staff,  The wine selection was limited because they were out of a few of the choices I wanted, but I will certainly return!
5	hands down the best pizza, best ingredients in all of phoenix. This place is 100% authentic and must be tried.  Puts Humble Pie to shame and give Bianco a run for his money without a doubt.  It is a new spot and the service means well as they are finding their footing. If you have any concerns ask for Stefano and he will make things right.  Tell your friends and help support a great locally owned spot.
2	very nice place, pretty and clean. we were able to sit outside and enjoy a great az evening. our waiter was extremely helpful and dutiful so there are no logistical criticisms whatsoever here. but we had heard that this place is as good or better than that other pizza place downtown, except at Pomo, there wasn't the ridiculous wait. we met friends and ordered. it's not that the pizza was bad, it was just fine. i was expecting something momentous to happen, being compared to that other pizza place, but it was just "meh". and not that it's the wrong way, i just would rather have my pizza not soggy at the center, however, i know that's how "real" pizza places do it. anyway, it got great reviews from other yelpers and i'm sure the pizza is great to most, but not for the crusty crust lover.
5	Amazing pizza. Salads were just as good and a great wine list.   Service was great. Much better than the humble place across the street.
4	Stefano Fabbri, owner of Pomo Pizzeria, is not only passionate about his food, but he has a contagious enthusiasm that's informative and downright convincing.The Pomo Pizzeria Napoletana at the Borgota in Scottsdale is a sleek and beautiful space. The dining room has soaring ceilings, dark furniture and a mural showing someone riding a scooter in the streets of Italy. It appears to be another trendy, albeit sexy, pizzeria, but it's actually more than that.Pomo recently earned a certification from the Naples-based Associazione Verace Pizza Napoletana, meaning that everything from the flour, olive oil, kneading and baking meets exacting standards. This is a pretty big deal considering there are only a few dozen restaurants in the country that have this certification. But the staff doesn't let the honor go to their heads; service is friendly and attentive.Pizza is the name of the game here, and seeing it prepared is a blast. In the open part of the kitchen you'll see a classic red Berkel meat slicer used to prepare the selection of cured meats. This is one serious meat slicer that I can only dream of having in my own kitchen. To see it in action I ordered the Affettati Misti ($14.95), a plate filled with the chef's choice of paper-thin slices of bresaola, prosciutto, salami, olives and cheese.At lunchtime, Pomo serves a handful of Paninis, but these are not the typical grilled sandwiches. They quick bake fresh dough in a blistering hot oven that yields a slightly charred, yet light and crispy bread. Then they stuff it full of Italian goodness, like the Salami Panini ($9.95), which was filled with spicy salami, arugula and mozzarella cheese. Served with a simple side salad, the panini was excellent and satisfying.Like the panini, pizzas are cooked in a wood-fired oven at around 900 degrees. This means that a pizza takes only about a minute and a half to cook. By Naples standards, the pizzas are decidedly thin though surprisingly the crust isn't ultra crispy as one might expect. Instead the crust is light and moist with an excellent toothsome chew.Fabbri recommended starting with the basics, and since he'd know best, ordering the Regina Margherita ($11.95) was on point. The tomato sauce was bright and sweet, then the flavor of the milky fresh mozzarella kicked in which was enhanced by fresh chopped basil.Another way to enjoy the stupendous crust was the Calzone Napoletano ($14.95), which is not your run of the mill calzone. It was filled with spicy salami, tomato sauce, mozzarella and ricotta. Each creamy bite deserved another, as I wickedly ate the whole thing.What better way to end than to order dessert? While they do have standards like Tiramisu ($7.95) and Panno Cotta ($7.95), the light and airy Semifreddo Di Mandorle ($7.95) was a standout. Each bite of the partially frozen mousse was accented with a toasted pistachio crust. More please.With a passion for tradition, this might be as close to an authentic Italian pizza as you'll get without going to Italy.
4	Recently went for a friend's birthday and we lucked out that it was a nice night, because we had the entire side patio of the restaurant, it was perfect. The pizza, the salad and the drinks were all good and I thought the prices were totally reasonable. The inside is pretty tiny, which gives it a nice intimate "that's italiano" feel. The decor is good. I'd suggest this place for a casual dinner with friends or family. Not the place if you're looking for a "vibe" - not yet at least.
3	Pomo's pizza is good - very authentic, similar to the pizza I've eaten in Italy.  I think some Americans don't like the authentic Italian style - thin crust, burnt around the edges, slightly sweet and basic tomato sauce, and small amounts of real mozarella and toppings.  I personally enjoy this much more than a mound of cheese on top of corn syrup tomato sauce.  Pizza is 5 stars.The wine list was OK, they were out of the first two bottles I wanted, the waiter kept suggesting more expensive bottles.  Then we ordered a glass of the cheaper Pinot Noir with desert, but were given and charged for the more expensive Pinot -- 1 star.The Mista salad was good - greens, cucumber, tomatos, parmesan, and a balsamic vinaigrette.  For desert, pana cotta - ok, but the 7 different sauces and fruits were too much for me.  3 stars.Atmosphere was a little stale - two big TV's playing sports above the bar, a little bit of North Scottsdale 'tude in the crowd, and too much light or something - 2 stars.Doesn't help that the similarities with Grazie on Main Street make a comparison inevitable.  And everything, from the salad to the pizza to the pana cotta to the atmosphere, is better at Grazie.  There is a Nebbiola Langhe for $48 at Pomo that I'm pretty sure is priced in the $30's at Grazie.So, in summation, one trip to Pomo to check it out is great, but Grazie is still the best when you want the best Italian pizza experience.
5	This is now my new FAVORITE pizza place!Pomo is in the Borgata shopping center in the former Thai Thai Restaurant (which was terrible-hence why it is no longer-lol)Staff is super friendly and service is really great for a small mom and pop type of restaurant. Very reasonable price for such a high standard and quality of food. We ordered the mango and gorgonzola salad to start and It is probably one of my favorite salads.  Very clean tasting, a little sweetness from the raspberry vinaigrette, not heavily dressed, and fresh slices of mango and ample amounts of some of the best gorgonzola I've ever had, which is saying a lot, because I don't really care for any types of blue cheese.  We then ordered the Bianca which is a tomato-less pizza, not a 'white' pizza.  It has fresh mozzarella, prosciutto,and aged parmesan on top.  This was very good!  Our server said that was his favorite one.  The 2nd pizza was a margherita which was just as good if not better!  Everything about this place, their ingredients, flavors, dough, is spot on.  They use very good cheeses and seem to have a lot of pride in the food they put out.I've been to Pizzeria Bianco, Parlor, La Grande, Grazie, and this blows them all away.  If you like a little crispier of a crust like I do, ask them ahead of time to cook it a little well done...Next time we will get the Margherita with sausage!Bonus-Hands down BEST Tiramisu I've ever had!Will be coming backWill be bringing/telling everyone!
5	Great pizza the only pizzeria in Scottsdale as far as I am concerned... I am from Italy actually Napoli, Italy where pizza got it's name. The pizza at Pomo is by far the best pizzeria in AZ... Unlike the competition the ingredients here are the highest quality pizza ingredients that's why they have the Pizza Verace certificate... A+
4	On a hot and humid Friday night wanted a tasty pizza done right Heard about a place called Pomo that would be good for some homos (sapien that is) Stepped inside to discover a little waiter like no other A friendly man with an Italian tongue who made our night a ton of fun Got a few pizzas from the menu to try Margherita, Diavola and the Fritta, oh my! A fried pizza we had never had before but after one bite, we were sure to come back for more! Perfect crust and flavorful sauce made our Pomo pizza 'the boss' You're sure to become a fan if you give it a whirl just don't eat too much or you'll have a little hurl! 4.25/5
5	Went back last night for dinner.  We went a little later (7pm) and there was a 20 minute wait and I was kicking myself for forgetting to make a reservation, especially because there were four of us this time around, and it is a very small place. It gets loud in there when it's busy. Joint was packed and it was a little toasty hot from #1) all the windows #2) the door opening and closing blasting hot 114 degree air inside #3) 950 Pizza oven #4) It's frigging HOT OUTSIDE!!!! The poor hostesses and staff.  I bet they can't wait 'til the fall.We ordered the mango salad again, (as fabulous as the last time) our friends had the caesar, which they said was very good as well.  We got a custom pizza with sausage and arugula.  They got the Pomo pizza that has all the fixins on it, kind of like a 'supreme' pizza.  Both were delicious! We both had our pizzas cooked a little extra time and they came out perfectly this way! I highly recommend it, especially if you get one with a lot of toppings on it.  Next time adding parmesan to our plain sausage pizza would have put it over the top.  We finished off again with the Tiramisu and the pineapple and sorbet dessert.  We didn't try their pineapple because we were so full, but it looked very fresh and light. Love this place! We will be back for an earlier dinner, or make reservations next time.  FYIBe prepared to walk a little ways, there is no valet, and the parking lot is narrow and long.  It gets filled up quickly because it also shares parking with the hotel in front as well as Dolce at the end.
5	I love it!  One of my new best friends!
3	I have mixed emotions about this Pomo review. On the night we dined there, the restaurant was practically chaos. We had reservations but were told we'd have a short wait, so we waited near the bar area. That's when we noticed that the restaurant's A/C didn't seem to be working at all...not good in any place, let alone a restaurant with an open kitchen with a pizza oven. Honestly, they shouldn't have even opened for service that day without functioning A/C. That said, the restaurant was packed...it has HORRIBLE acoustics, so the decibel level was off the charts. There seemed to be an army of staff running all over the place - one unlucky guy dropped a whole platter of glassware. It was NOT a good start.After about 20 minutes, we were seated at a table in the front of the restaurant that was unbearably hot. The manager came over, knowing that we were a little irked, and mentioned that the back side of the restaurant was much cooler and he had a table about to leave. He offered to buy us drinks, which was very nice. I ordered their Italian beer on tap, listed on the menu, and was told they didn't have any draft beers at the moment...uh oh, could it be more of a comedy of errors?!However, after we eventually moved to the cooler back side of the restaurant, the rest of our experience was much better. We had a delightful server and the food, while a bit overpriced, was all great. The bruschetta app was tasty, but on the small side for $6. The mango salad was light but flavorful, with a great dressing. The Diavolo pizza was excellent...I've not been to Naples, but this sure seemed like the real deal. For dessert, the sliced pineapple was a nice, refreshing way to end the meal, although it should have been accompanied by something a little sweeter and more substantial than lemon sorbetto...acidic and acidic don't pair well together, whereas a coconut or similar gelato would have been perfect with the pineapple.I don't think I'll return back here soon, as I would to Humble Pie or The Parlor...and it's certainly not about to knock Pizzeria Bianco off it's throne. But assuming they get the kinks smoothed out, I think they'll offer a unique dining experience to the Valley that's worth at least one visit.
3	OK, the pizza was good, but not great.  The room is cold and way too bright.  The waiter was sweet, but totally inept (forgot the entire order).  The wine list was ok, but they were out of my first two choices.   The mango salad was very good.  I won't rush to go back, but would go back for a second shot at it if someone wants to.  All in all, I have to say that Grazie in old town Scottsdale is a much better experience.
4	4.5 stars...best pizza in Phoenix and probably the best tiramisu I've ever eaten. I tried bianco, and didn't care for it.  Tried cibo and found it much better. However, in my opinion, this beats cibo because of the pizza crust. They've been able to make a thin, doughy but crispy crust all at once.  It's really good.  We had the 4 cheese and I believe, The Poma pizza (the one with prosciutto, arugula and Parmesan).  4 cheese had a unique flavor to it, almost like blue cheese but better.  The poma was great.The tiramisu was something else.  I grew up eating chef-made tiramisu, and thus have never really liked this dessert anywhere else.  Except here.  It's amazing.  Totally worth it.
5	I had read about this place for months so friday night we took a friend who used to live in Italy.  What a great experience; met Stefano and his wife; they were warm, welcoming and seemed genuinely happy to greet us on our first visit!  The pizza was the BEST!  thin crust FULL,  FRESH FLAVORS! OMG  fabulous!  Did not have the tiramisu but will next time.We are watching calories so will go back in two weeks when our friend is back in town again.  Don't hesitate....go to POMO!!  It is a bit noisy but that is the Italian way!  it felt good to be there!
5	This pizza is legit! The Napoletana Pizza is the best pizza I have ever had. I have never been to Italy but who cares, Pomo brought the pizza to the valley. I visited the pizzeria with a few other friends, there was a short wait but the hostess was pleasant and friendly. The hostess offered us a seat at the bar while we waited. The bartender was quick with the drinks and helped my girlfriend with her wine selection. Once we were sat at our table our server came over to tell us all about the pizza. While waiting for the table, my girlfriend and I decided on the margarita pizza. However, during the servers presentation we were swayed toward the Don Alfonso. She did a great job describing what was most popular and what her favorites were. You can never go wrong with an employee favorite :)  The sauce is light and sweet, the crust is perfectly blistered  and the sausage and salami pizza was to die for.     To end the evening, some of us indulged in cappuccinos and semifredo. I had never had this authentic Italian desert but our server insisted it was something different and tasty. The chilled desert was creamy and crunchy all at the same time. Overall, the restaurant was a little on the loud side. I couldn't help but notice the countless waitstaff plus the four hostesses at the door. The energy is hectic but the food is like something I have never tasted. Don't miss out on POMO!
3	After reading all the reviews on here I was very excited to give Pomo a try.  So, last night, my wife and I and another couple went at about 7pm.  The place was pretty packed so it was a good thing we had a reservation.  The decor is pretty hip and had a good vibe to it.  The place's crowd seemed to be the stereotypical older Scottsdale folk.  I was expecting a younger crowd for some reason though as it is a pizza joint.I can't understand all the hype about this place.  Especially all the 5 start reviews on here.  Maybe this place deserves 5 stars for having authentically made pizzas.  However, being authentic doesn't automatically translate into "the best pizza in AZ".  I'm not going to argue with the throngs of Yelpers on here who know good Italian pizza, but I've been to Naples and don't remember a single pizza that I ate being soggy.  Pomo's pizza is pretty good with the crust having a good flavor to it, not too crunchy and not too chewy - BUT it was soggy (especially towards the middle).  Also, I won't argue that the ingredients and toppings are all of the highest quality and flown in daily from the far reaches of the earth - but I believe that for the most part a tomato is a tomato and cheese is cheese.  It is all how you combine and prepare the ingredients that makes something really special.  $15 for a small pizza I would expect a more generous helping of toppings (if only the crust could support it) and not have 1 or 2 slices with absolutely nothing on them but sauce.Anyway, we ordered the Margherita, Pomo and the Donna Rosa pizzas.  They came out relatively quickly and weren't scalding hot which was good.  The 3 pizzas was more than enough for 4 people to share so that was also good.  The Pomo was my favorite.  I loved the toppings.  I just wish the sauce had more flavor and the crust was a bit more sturdy.  All I can say is that their pizzas are pretty good but nothing special.The salads didn't fare much better in my opinion.  The Caesar and the Pollo were only ok and pretty small.  I was expecting a bigger, more shareable salad for 10 bucks.  The tiramisu, however, was homemade and excellent.  It was a big enough piece for 4 of us to share.  I would definitely order it again.This place has TONS of waiters, waitresses, bussers, servers, etc. bustling around and they all looked pretty friendly and attentive as was the case with our waitress.  She was very friendly, fast and helpful.Pro Tip #1 - Get a $40 certificate for $20 on Local Dines, http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ, no restrictions and works just like a normal gift certificate.Pro Tip #2 - Make a reservation.  This seems to be a hot spot for now so make a reservation or be prepared to wait during peak times.
4	Rounding down from 4.49 to 4 because that's how we do it. I wish half stars were available.Look, I'm not going to say this is the best pizza ever in history. Or even the best in the Valley because a straight-up review shouldn't be about comparing local pizza to Bianco. So...When my wife and I could finally afford the time-off and the cost of a real honeymoon, we rented a car and drove Europe with almost no agenda for awhile. One of our stops that we happened upon was Santa Margherita, Italy. This cool little village is on the Portofino Peninsula. But unlike Portofino itself it wasn't loaded with Loveboat tourists. It seemed to be mostly young Italians looking to get laid (after eating fantastic food of course!). Kind of like what the douchebags from Jersey Shore wish they were. But, they aren't. Because real Italians don't say stupid shit like "pro-jute" and "mootzarell" or "GTL".At the end of the strip of venues catering to partiers, on the walk back up to our hotel, was/is? a little place called Santa Lucia. It was the essence of simplicity and taste. We found ourselves eating there at least twice a day. A couple times we'd have dinner there, go out, and come back and take a pizza back to our little terrace and eat naked on the balcony after the love. My wife's lack of clothing very likely made more people happy than my ass.Pomo Pizzeria evoked strong memories of that perfect pizza at Santa Lucia. And that means a lot. It's great that they have this special certification of 'Verace Pizza Napoletana' - but that's not what matters to me. It's how distinctly wonderful it tastes and how many memories it brings back.STUFF I LOVE1) simple, simple, simple. with the right ingredients and the right approach, you don't need designer pizza pretension or bullshit.2) friendly from the first phone call to the greeting at the door to every step after. that sticks with you. service was thoughtful, personal and well-timed without being patronizing.3) welcoming to families. we know how challenging this can be and we're pretty conscious of the impact a teething baby can have on our neighbors. but a family-friendly place tends to attract family-friendly customers and our daughter enjoyed flirting with anyone around us. and when the teeth struck, it was easy enough to take her on a calming walk through the beautiful grounds.4) Borgata is that weird place that should be doing so much better than it is. It's got location, it's got charm. It's built like brick shithouse. and it's got a genuine Old World feel (dare I say, Tuscan), but it's not faux like everything else these days. this place is really made of stone and it wastes tons of square footage with unused vertical space and wandering outdoor areas. and that right there is probably why it's hard to monetize this place, especially when in a shit economy, and being owned by Macerich. so I love that Pomo adds some vibrance to a place that I pray never gets bulldozed in favor of stucco palace full of "concepts".STUFF I DON'T LOVE[i got nothing]The fact that this is minutes from where we live is a huge bonus. It's not going to cut into our Bianco time, because nothing other than our feisty daughter could do that. It will more likely cut into our lunch and cooking at home time. So be it.After exploring the menu more, I could see 5.
3	I really had high hopes for this restaurant.  I arrived for lunch during the week and was impressed with the ambience but wondered where everyone was-there were literally 5 other people eating food. I decided I would stick to the Pizza Margherita.  At 12:02, I ordered and  I swear the pizza was out at 12:05.  The pizza looked impressive.  However,  as I started eating, I found the bottom crust to be quite soggy in the middle.I can't help but compare this pizza to the one I had a few weeks ago at Antica Pizzeria in Marina Del Rey, which also serves authentic Neapolitan style pizza.  This pizza while good just did not measure up-the pizza at Antica had a more sturdy bottom and more of a char on the crust.  This pizza was just too loose in the middle.Because of their eclectic menu, I will be back and try one of their other pizzas. Pomo is an attractive looking restaurant and it fits nicely in the Borgata shopping mall.  I do find it a little odd that they decided to open it here though as Humble Pie is right across the street.
5	I was really impressed with the pizza.  I can't stop thinking about it, and I shared with my husband, so there were all sorts of toppings I could do without.  However, the seasoning in the crust and the sauce were just my style.  The tiramisu was also the best I've had.  However, I don't really like coffee, so if you're looking for that taste in the dessert, it may not live up to your expectations.  We sat outside and the ambiance was also very nice!  The waitstaff was a higher quality than you'll find at a regular pizza place, not just the service at our table, but simply walking to the bathroom, I noticed they always move to the side and are friendly.  It does cost  more than a regular pizza retaurant, but in my opinion, it's a great value for the high quality establishment that it is.
2	The 2 star rating is indicative of the pizza only, and since this is a pizza joint, I think that is appropriate. There's no reason to discuss "authentic Neapolitan" blah, blah, blah. When something is bland, it's not memorable. The crust is doughy and soggy and the sauce is flavorless and watery. All the fresh toppings cannot save this kind of pizza.Now the bruschetta is absolutely fantastic. So skip the pizza (go to Oregano's if you want pizza with flavor ) and go for the bruschetta and a glass of wine. Also, you'll want to save room for dessert and cappuccino. The Tiramisu is truly orgasmic, by far the the best in town.
5	Best pizza in Scottsdale.  And friendly Italian owner to boot.
4	After the Cupcake Love In I needed real food.  Salad, ya, that's it, a good salad.  So I pulled out my cell phone and opened my trusty Yelp app to see what was close by.  Pomp Pizzeria sounded like a place I could get a good salad so off we went.  We were greated warmly and seated.  The young man who was our server was nice and even listened to my daughter as she told him about all the cupcakes she had just consumed.  He brought drinks promptly and let us leisurely look at the menu.  They had those sticky stick things for the kids so my daughter was happily making shapes and animals while we waited for our food.  My daughter had pasta with butter which she loved. And I had salad and pizza.  The salad was great!  Just what I needed.  The pizza was very good but I though the crust should have been a bit crisper on the bottom.  I took most of it home anyway and thought it might be better heated up the next day.  I heated it in the over the next day and it still seemed soggy.  Next time I'll try it in a frying pan on the stove.  I would come back here on a lazy Sunday afternoon for a relaxing early dinner.  The atmosphere is nice and the staff was friendly and accomadating.  And I loved the italian scene on the wall.....so cool!
5	Yum Yum!  Can't wait to go back.  Love the vibe and the food is very authentic - been to Italy numerous times.  :)
3	After reading a great review in new times, my wife and I  decided to stop here for a quick bite on (11/15) Big mistake.  We only order water and one pizza. The waiter suggested that we order two because one zza is usually only enough for one person.  I stuck to my guns and order the parma pizza.  The waiter seem upset by the order and gave me a bad look.  Maybe I was under dressed or the bill was too small but the he made us feel like we are second class.  The pizza came out lighting fast.  It was unbelievable good.  You  could tell the ingredients were fresh and of high quality.  We scarfed it down quick.  Then we watch the waiter check out the football highlights on tv and flirt with the waitress  Finally, he brought the check by.  It took longer to get check than it did to order and eat the pizza.  Strange for a slow  monday afternoon.  The waiter never stopped by to asked how we were and if we needed anything else. He made us felt like we were a burden to him.  Sorry to bother you buddy. And good luck with the waitress. I usually tip 25 percent but left this stiff with 10 percent.  Next I want a great pizza from Pomo I will make sure I put my suit on or FORGETABOUTIT!!.  To the waiter Don't judge people by the way they look.  And remember to always maximize a guest experience so you can maximize your TIP. (insert fist pump)
5	Seriously amazing!  This is some of the best pizza anywhere, plus the service is fantastic and the atmosphere is nice!  You've got to check this place out if you like good pizza!
3	We actually dined last night with some friends.  We started with some Bruschetta that was very tasty, but a bit overrun with diced tomatoes. It was piled about 2 inches high, and was simply too overwhelming for me as an appetizer!The pizza was very tasty. Cooked to perfection and with a very thin crust. Two pizzas were a perfect amount for the four of us.We also chose to have dessert and tried the Molten Chocolate cake. I LOVE molten chocolate cakes, and while the cooked part of the cake was very good, the middle was not cooked quite enough as it was not warmed all the way through. It was still good.The part of our evening that ruined the ambiance for us was a server who seemed very sweet at first, but who hovered around us after we had finished our meal and hastily offered us the check. When we decided to continue talking and enjoying our meal for another 15 minutes, she returned and instructed us to prop up our bill so she would know when we paid. We felt rushed and assembled our payment. No sooner did we prop up our check than did she appear from the kitchen to snatch up our bill. I felt this was quite rude as there were two empty tables next to us and no wait. We are courteous tippers and foodies who frequently love to dine out. When a place treats us with this kind of curtness, no matter how good the food is we do not often return.  I would have given this restaurant 4 stars, but I subtracted one for the pushiness of our waitress.
5	No question, this is our favorite place in town.  The pizza tastes just like you would get in Italy and many of the staff seem to be Italian.  I love the Don Alfonso, my wife loves the Margherita.  I would eat there every night if I could. Yes we have been to Oregano's (too long of a wait, and a completely different style of pizza)
5	The local Ferrari club took us here and I can see why; a very nice place that is a bit dressier, authentic Napolese style oven, home made dough, fresh ingredients, crafty styles of pizza to choose from, great selection of drinks and reasonable prices.  Parking is awfully tight and the place can get very busy but I'll fight that and would recommend to bring friends here.
5	I was blown away
5	I don't know if I could eat pizza anywhere else now!  This was the best of the best -- real Italian pizza, nothing at all like what we Americans have called pizza for a gazillion years.  How did this scrumptious pizza morph into Domino's, I do not know.We went unexpectedly early afternoon on a Sunday.  We had a table right away, and didn't have to hunt for parking. The service was excellent with our delightful server offering up suggestions and favorites keeping in mind our likes and dislikes.  Being cheese lovers, we ordered the Quattro Formaggi.  The flavors of the cheeses melded with the crisp thin crust. I thought I was in heaven.  We also ordered the more traditional Diavola.  It was reminiscent of the pizza we had in Italy years ago.  The red sauce is delicioso.  What I like most about Pomo's pizza is that it is simple, fresh, and scrumptious.  No doubt that we will go back again and again.  "Lo amo."
1	They brag about making a pizza in '5' minutes, but it took an hour to receive ours - on a Tuesday evening, and then it arrived soggy!  Definitely over rated!!
4	After all the hype on Yelp, I had to get myself over to Pomo. It's a great little place with a lot of atmosphere. I can envision myself on a warmer night out on their patio sipping my wine and chowing down on pizza. The staff was attentive and friendly and offered helpful recommendations. We started with bruschetta and the Romana salad. The bruschetta was very good- delicious crispy bread with a generous heap of flavorful tomatos on top. The Romana salad was perfectly simple... romaine, croutons, parmesan and I thought I tasted a some basil.  It was perfectly dressed too - not too light or heavy handed on the dressing. After a lot of contemplation, we decided on the Pomo pizza (sausage, roasted bell pepper, onions, and mushrooms). My first bite was okay, but after I doctored it a little with some parmesan, pepper flakes and a little drizzle of pepper-infused olive oil, it was delicious. The crust is definitely a winner. I will most definitely be back!
4	Three hours after writing the last review, the owner of Popmo pizzeria e-mail me. He asked my wife and  I to give his restaurant another chance. He wanted the name of the waiter and said it shouldn't matter if you come in for a dessert or with a ten top the service was inexcusable.  Also he said that he would pick up our tab.  Not wanting a free meal  just good pizza and a stab at good service, we discretely went back twice.  Both times the pizza was 5 stars and the service was 4 stars. Also the original server wasn't there.  It is good to see an owner who actually cares.  I'm am still bent about our first  experience but the zza has won us over.
5	So the is my first yelp review and I hope it's enjoyable for all of you.  Last week I met up with a friend who I haven't seen for several months for lunch.  We attempted to attend a restaurant in Old Town, Scottsdale for lunch, and much to my dissaray we arrived too late.  We were tossing around ideas and he mentioned "Pomo Pizzeria"  I wasn't really in the mood for pizza but trusting my friends judgement (who is a much bigger foodie than myself, I knew he would not of steered me in the wrong direction.)  As were walking in and I'm looking around, I have heard "Sexy" as and adjective when people talk about restaurants.  I myself have never used this, nor really knew what it meant, heh.  But looking around I would use "Sexy" to describe this place.  The place was not too big, nor too small, had an excellent vibe to it.  Enjoyed the open view of the fire burning brick oven, and they had a wall size picture of a street in Italy.   We sat outside which is a pro in AZ.  How many other people get to enjoy lunch outside in December where they live?  Upon reviewing the menu I wasn't too sure of some of the toppings that would be involved with the pizzas.  I'm a traditionalist when it comes to pizza.  Basic toppings, cheese, mushrooms, onions, pepperoni, etc.  And in my opinion when trying a new pizza for the first time you should try cheese first.  Let's face it.  You can put all kinds of toppings on a pizza, but if you can't make a classic, yet simple cheese pizza, then you can't make pizza, IMO.   I decided to stray away from my traditionalist ways and try something I guess would be "exotic" to the guy from New England, (Boston to be more precise.)  I went with their "Parma" pizza.  It is topped with Arugula, Prosciutto, and shaved Parmesan cheese.  All I could say was "wow!" after my first bite.  This pizza was fantastic.  From the dough, to the sauce, the fresh Arugula, prosciutto, and the freshly shaved parmesan.  My friend ordered one of their Paninis which also looked fantastic!!  Although neither one of us tried each other's food(why I don't know?)  I knew we were both satisfied with our meals.   It's very appealing to know that their is a great place to enjoy great pizza in AZ.  It is also very appealing that living a convivial life when it's not always readily available to you is enjoying for me and my pallette!
4	The pizzas were "New York Good."  Fresh, light, and flavorful.
5	Holy F%#K!!! This place is mind blowing.Pizza was AMAZING!  Did the Fradiavolo pizza.  This place is so unique. It has an olive oil and red pepper mix that you can pour on your pizza and dip your crust in.  So unique, and I just could not stay away from it. Olive Oil and Red Pepper.. These are a few of my favorite things!This pizza is fantastic. I usually like a thin and crunchy crust and the way they cook it the pizza is very fluffy... but oh my. It tastes fantastic and is really unlike other pie I have had.  This place got 5 stars because as the icing, I had an itailian desert which was a chocolate pastry with chocolate cream on the inside. It had a fancy name so I don't know what to call it... but it was fantastic.I can't wait to go back.
3	So apparently the oven is brought over from Italy.  Pretty impressive stuff here I must say.  Unfortunately, I can't say the same for their pizza.  The only thing I can say is their crust is pretty good and I'm not that into carbs so maybe that oven did do some good work.  However, stay away from their Pizza Fritta -- totally not worth it.  It's like a eating a hugh "Cha Siu Bow", you Dim Sum eaters know what I'm talking about.  Needless to say we didn't finish the Fritta.  I like the decor of the place nice sports bar feel with a modern twist.  Our service was decent though it seemed like I had to ask for more water every time.  Just leave the damn water jug on the table I'll handle this! :) - Enjoy!
2	With the steady supply of accolades and awards, I really really really wanted to like this place.  The crust was too charred for my taste and almost cracker thin which was overwhelmed by the high quality toppings.  I can't complain about the quality, it was the execution or perhaps I just don't have sophisticated enough tastes.  I felt that the toppings would have been better served on a slightlier chewy dough with a more substantial crust.  The restaurant itself is cute, well lit and bright but nothing to write home about.  Service is fast, (I think the wood burning oven cooks a pizza in three minutes flat), but I'm not sure I'll be making the drive again when there is Cibo, Gaspers, Bianco's and even Grimaldi's around the corner.
5	Fantastic little pizzeria!  The pizza itself is very authentic.  The pizzeria is smaller but very cute, perfect for a date.  We started with some bruschetta, split a pizza (you could eat one by yourself if you were hungry, the pizza is typically quite thin), and finished with some tiramisu (delicious!), and also ordered a bottle of their cheaper chianti (still quite good).  Even the olive oil was great, albeit a bit spicy due to the pepper flakes.All in all, a great little find.
2	Not for me.  I like really thin crust and this is soggy in the middle.  Toppings are dull and the place is deafeningly loud.
4	Pomo, how have I missed your existence for so long?  I hadn't noticed a single review until my friend, Kerry M, suggested we go visit you for my birthday dinner.  We made a reservation, which proved to be unnecessary for our early-bird arrival at 5:30.  Definitely should call ahead if you like to eat later, though.  It was really packed when we left.The layout isn't my favorite.  Too many tables, too close together, and it got really noisy in there!  While I really do enjoy eavesdropping on conversations, this was a little much for me.  Luckily, the service was so fantastic, that I quickly got over my issues with the floorplan.  Our waiter had amazing Italian charm and seemed to read my mind the entire night - lemon for my water?  Why, yes, thank you!  Spicy, red-pepper olive oil?  I was JUST going to ask for that!  I love when waitstaffs are so good at anticipating needs.On to the food:  I have never had traditional Neapolitan pizza before, but had done my requisite yelp research before our night out, so I knew to be prepared for a thin, and perhaps soft-in-the-center crust.  I think it was perfect.  I love the super-quick cooking time (5 minutes from ordering to delivery at our table!).  My choice, the Principe, was delish - simple, perfect tomato sauce topped with prosciutto, mozzarella, arugula and shaved parmesan.  Drizzled with the incredible olive oil, it was one of the better pizzas that I've ever enjoyed.  SO good in fact, that I finished the entire thing - and I may or may not have stopped at Zinburger for a milkshake on the way home.  I'll be avoiding my scale for a few days...Looking forward to a return visit!
3	We went there on a Wednesday evening to check the place out. It is a nice building and parking was a little tight. The hostess snitted at us because we didn't have a reservation but then we were promptly seated anyways. The place is very small and smooshed together. We were seated by a wall so we had some privacy. The wait staff was fantastic and the view of the kitchen area is so neat to see. The pizza is different in a good way and we really liked it.
5	I have had some pretty darn good pies here in town: bianco, parlor, lgo. This place was the last of the pizzerias that i had visited in the 3 years since i've been here and immediately leap frogged to the top of my list. As the only pizzeria in town that can legitimately call itself a neopolitan pizzeria, my server was legitimately italian (we could hardly understand him), with a huge street mural from italy. the menu was primarily all in italian and the food was light, fresh, and smacked me across the face with flavor! A bit on the pricy side and sort of hidden in the Borgata mall but I will be there again... with newbies.
4	Food is awesome. No complaints at all about the food.  Our waiter on the other hand - he was cranky and I am pretty sure it started because we ordered our bottle of wine at the bar as opposed to with him at our table.  Kept trying to push more apps and more wine and more pizza even after we were done eating. Even our dessert order wasn't good enough for him.  Not sure what his story was. Maybe it was just a rough night for him.   Like I said food was great but the waiter sure was pushy.
5	I am in love with 'Pomo Pizzeria! They had me at "Ciao!"...I love this place, cause for a moment in time-- I get transported back to Italy. Everything is authentically Italian. Certified Italian -- the only restaurant in the entire state of AZ that has been through the rigorous requirements to be certified Napoletana. As others have mentioned, the 6,000lb pizza oven is even from Italy. The quality ingredients in their plates -- all imported. Even chitter chatter in the restaurant -- in Italian - l'amo. For Valentine's Day, I surprised my hubby with a dinner date here. I knew that he would fall smitten in love with their autentico Napolitano blistered-crust pizza. Fortunately, I found this place the week earler - as a referral from an esthetician. When I dined here the first time solo, I had wonderful and friendly service dining in the bar area. I loved hearing the cooks & service staff speaking in Italian. I enjoyed the small, cozy atmosphere of the tables. I loved the wall mural of the Italian street scene complete with Vespa (minus the real toxic exhaust fumes). Yes, I fell in love with this restaurant my first visit. Enter Valentine's Day -- the restaurant was filled, and our reserved table was waiting for us. Again, love the atmosphere here. All servers were friendly and very hospitable. We kicked off the night with a bottle of Soave - -  Tedeschi, I believe. Very good... light, white wine with some flavor. For starters we had the Caprese - - lovely buffalo mozzarella, tomatoes, and also some sliced bread drizzled with EVOO. Delish! I requested extra of the OO with the red peppers... very tasty to dip with. Then on to the pizza - - we tried the Don Alfonso this time. It was very good -- however, I think the pizza I had the first time was even better. (I can't remember the name.... uggh! ... but it had prosciutto, salami creminilli (which was off the hook!), and a bunch of other meats for $16.95.  Next time we go back, I'm getting that kind again. Dolce... of course! Due espresso, another sweet wine for me (forgot the name - - but it was good.) Not too overly sweet....  But the Tiramisu! Si, the Tiramisu -- was as delicious and divine as I was hoping it would be. My husband is not a big Tiramisu fan, but he said that it was probably the best he's had. Dusting of cocoa powder on top, moussy layer after layer -- love their Tiramisu!It was a great evening -- great food -- great service! No brainer that we'll be back. Va bene!
5	Better than Bianco... I have traveled extensively in Italy and this pizza is authentic. It tastes like Naples! I love it because anytime I miss Italy I just go to dinner at Pomo. I have been searching for great tasting Italian pizza for quite some time.  I am so thrilled I found this place!
4	Was very familiar w Humble Pie across the street and had high expectations. Happy to say they were met. Had the "meat lovers" & "vegetarian" versions. Great crust (nice and airy, but with substance). Dessert was awesome (I am a dessert person). Tried panna cotta and tiramisu. Both excellent and possibly the best version of each I have ever tried.Would have given it 5 stars except that espresso was just OK (expected more from an authentic Italian pizzeria).  Overall though very satisfied and would definitely go again.
5	I was in Scottsdale for 1 night and the local Yelpers on Talk suggested I check out Pomo, so I dropped by for dinner and to add a Scottsdale Pizza joint to my Pizza Bender Tour 2011 Edition.  I was solo and there was a 15-25 minute wait for a table.  I didn't mind and waited until my name was called.After a 20 min wait, I was seated.  My server's name was Michelle and she was very enthusiastic and helpful.  After browsing the menu, I decided to get the Don Alfonso (Tomatoes San Marzano DOP, Mozzarella Fior di Latte, Italian Salame Piccante, Italian Sausage, Roasted Bell Pepper, $14.95) and a glass of house Cabernet ($6).  The Pizza is Napoletana Style....Google it if you don't know what it is.http://www.lmgtfy.com/?q=napoletana+pizzaAfter a short wait my Pizza was brought out.  I took a bite out of the first slice and instantly became a fan!  The Crust was soft and chewy and the ingredients were fresh....it reminded me of the Pizza I had in Napoli, Italy.  I finished the entire Pizza and still wanted more when I was finished.  The middle of the Pizza is soft and wet, so if you don't prefer your Pizza this way, don't come here.  You'll be missing out on some great Pizza though!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Gv2aZfTlYImmsERZg5D93A?select=Me5jFmm9lrWCfKaRI4OtFQAfter dinner Michelle suggested a dessert.  I went for the Bigne Al Cioccolato (Cream Puffs Filled With Light Pastry Cream and Drizzled With  Chocolate, $7.95).  I'm glad Michelle suggested it, because it was fantastic!  The Cream Puffs were excellent and the Chocolate wasn't too heavy....just the way I like it!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Gv2aZfTlYImmsERZg5D93A?select=LEZcnTOv7H9irlpSm7dMhAOverall, it was an awesome dinner.  I'm glad I listened to the local AZ Yelpers.  Can't wait to come back.Return Factor - 99%This is for Lydia & MacRae - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3lOG3rD5CrQ
5	Being the ancient age of 30, I have just now realized that I can categorize pizza into 2 categories: fancy pizza, and hood pizza. Hood pizza is the kind of pizza you buy in your hood. This includes the chain restaurants and those local joints that may not have a wood-fired oven, or they may have a wood-fired oven, it just depends on how the place feels. Some hood places mask themselves as fancy pizza, and hood pizza can sometimes be mistaken for fancy pizza. It is totally subject to the whim of the individual. A hood place can never receive more than 4 yelp stars, but 4 stars is good. A fancy pizza place can never be compared to a hood pizza place. They are two completely different worlds. This place is fancy. If you are normal, and not a douchebag, just ignore all the douchebag clientele in this place although it might be hard because we are all packed like sardines. Remember, you are focused on the pizza. You. Pizza. Focus.I'm sorry I can't remember the server's name, but she was AWESOME and attentive. Her behavior almost made me stop thinking the douchebag at the table next to me was a pedophile. The hostess was also really nice - we came in on a Saturday night without a reservation, so we had to wait about 45 minutes which was fine except for the douchebag clientele complaining about how they have to wait for so long. Effers. The hostess handled the situation with grace.We started with that salad that has the mozzarella, basil, and tomatoes. I can't remember it and I'm not pausing to look it up. All you need to know was that it was fantastic. I've had many of these salads, and I get really angry because tomatoes don't taste like tomatoes anymore, they taste like nothing. A watery nothing. The tomatoes in this salad were pretty good. Not the tomatoes I remember as a kid, but still tasty.The kitchen lost our pizza ticket, and the server, again, a really nice person, admitted it and said she would have it right away. This was fine because I knew it would be quick and I could continue eavesdropping on the douchebag on the other side of me, talking in a fake east coast italian accent about how his italian grandmother beat him to discipline him. I think he was lying, because if he was disciplined by someone as a child, he wouldn't talk like such a douchebag.Anyway, the pizza WAS AWESOME. I AM NOW TYPING IN ALL CAPS BECAUSE IT IS SO GOOD. We had a margherita pizza. I don't know if i spelled that right, and I don't care. The sauce was simple but really effing good. The crust melts in your mouth and is perfectly chewy with a little bit of crunch from the charred bubbles. I will make the trek to Douchebagville, AZ for another pizza soon, but not on a Saturday night.
5	It's award Winning Pizzeria Place I've ever been. The Tiramisu is a killer, better than Buca Di Beppo as said too by the owner. Even my house is far in Surprise, I will sure come back for more pizza. the owner was very nice and humble. Thank you Stefano.. here's a FIVE STAR. You deserved it.
2	This is 2.5 starts really. I just didn't really feel any of the food was overflowing with flavor. It actually really let me down. There are at least 4 other pizza joints I rather go to. Very cool how fast you can get in and out but the bruschetta was just...ok. The buffalo pizza was just sad. And the cannoli was a waste of calories. Decent set up but just not impressed.
4	I came here about a month ago to celebrate my friends birthday and boy was it packed. We forgot to make reservations and had about a 25 minute wait (not bad for a Saturday night). Our mouths kept watering when we watched the cooks make every pizza. We ordered two pizzas and a salad for a party of four. We immediately dug in! The salad was ok, nothing special. The pizzas definitely gave competition to the other pizza restaurants in the valley. The crust was perfectly cook, fresh ingredients, amazing cheeses. Every bite was flavorful. I definitely have to come back for more.
5	The Buffalo D.O.P. with spicy pepperoni here is truly one of the finest pizza's I have ever eaten.  They get 5 stars on this alone.  Their pies cost more, because the ingredients cost more.  Wash it down with a cold brew, and you have the definition of what pizza and beer was meant to be.  The staff here really knows their menu and what to order, so ask for suggestions if you don't know.  When they try and sell you on the Buffalo motz, they areen't trying to make you spend more.  It actually tastes amazing.  Just get down there and try the pie I had.  You'll taste it and say foggetaboutit!
5	Simple, but elegant. Fresh, and delicious. You can actually taste the ingredients, all of which complement one another beautifully, none of which are buried under salt, butter, or other unhealthy camouflage. Authentic Napolitana cuisine in a cozy atmosphere, with a nice patio outside. Very nice staff as well.
4	I was in charge of "babysitting" my dad on a recent Friday night when my mom was out of town, I don't mind because it usually means I can score a free meal out of the deal, and this day was no exception. When I got the call to go eat, my dad wanted me to pick a place, Pomo is near my house and I had yet to try it, and my dad's last meal on earth would be pizza, so I thought it was a good choice. I got there at about 6:30 on a Friday night and the place was packed, but I was told I could be seated on the patio right away with a heater, so I opted to do so. Let me just say, that was one of my best decisions. The restaurant seating is very close together and with the high ceilings, it is very LOUD! I was at a table on the nice, quiet patio, near the door and the sound from just opening and closing the door was obnoxious, I don't think I would have even been able to have a conversation with my dad if we were inside, so my advice is to sit on the patio! Our server, Cricket, was very informative and walked us through the menu. While the menu isn't' that big, it does have quite a few items that are not normally on menus, so she was happy to explain. We both ordered pizzas, I can't remember the names, but I don't think it matters, because what made these pizzas was the crust and the cheese....and those come on everything! The oven cooks the pizza in just 90 seconds, and you are left with a crisp, chewy crust that is just divine! The mozzarella's freshness shines through, and the tomato sauce is just right. We both really liked our pizzas, and sadly had no room for dessert. I would definitely return to Pomo, but it will have to be when the weather allows for outdoor seating....otherwise, I will just have to stick to take-out! The owner Stefano, came over and chatted with us, it is always nice to see the owner in their restaurant, it really made us feel welcome, a true gem!
5	Need 10 stars! Best restaurant ever! You'll think you've died and gone to Naples Italy. I only wish I lived in Scottsdale. We had the Bufala pizza, another with artichokes etc, fabulous. The desserts were so amazing too. The owner, straight from Italy, is on site and conversing with guests, making you feel right at home. Everything is fresh and authentic Italy. Can't wait to go back!
5	What a wonderful surprise to find in Scottsdale. From the delicious caprise salad to the hand tossed oven baked bubbling pizza, and the delicious desserts everything is authentically Italian and wonderful! The owner even came to our table and visited a bit. Can't wait to go back next time I'm in town.
5	Truly, no one else comes close...I mean this is the bad ass pizza in the true sense of the word. The ingredients are supreme and you can taste every bite of them,,,nothing  is burnt..This is a pizza I could eat for breakfast, lunch and dinner and in the middle of the night. The service is impeccable, warm, attentive...better than any Italian restaurant or Pizzeria I have been to in the valley.The owner Stefano is very personable and extremely knowledgeable and passionate about his his craft....The prosciutto is imported, in fact everything is imported...alright minus the lettuce, tomato, basil,  which is local....come on! as we have great ingredients in Arizona as well.I cannot fault anything about this restaurant...even the location is perfect. It's hard to believe you are in Arizona...not only a beautiful night to be enjoying a dinner on the patio, but the Pizza truly makes you feel like you just flew to Italy for dinner. Congratulations for bringing a true taste of Italy and more specifically. to Arizona...And the Tiramisu...which I usually feel is a tourist trap more than anything truly tasted like the real deal...Smooth, silky, fabulous, jaw dropping...Glad I had it.Oh and I know we have Pizzeria Bianco and all, but this is hands down my favourite...no joke.
2	I've never been to a place so proud of their pizza and it's "accolades." It is a very nice space with a great atmosphere.Unfortunately, this was a very poor experience for me from the get go. When I walked into the restaurant, the woman at the hostess stand just stared at me, while a guy who was the server stood in the door way. It gave me the feeling of being unwelcome. My Diavola pizza was mispronounced by me when I ordered it, and the server let me know that I was wrong (wtf? you knew what I meant, just let it go) and then rationed me for mispronouncing the owner's name of the restaurant. Thanks guy, you're a really friendly dude. I've had some of the top pizzas in the country, and pretty much all of them in Arizona. First off, Pomo is in love with their Mozzerella, and this is personal preference, but there is WAY too much cheese on this pizza, it was all I could taste. The meat toppings on the pizza did not taste like they were top quality... they were ok, but definitely did not have the fresh/homemade taste of Chris Bianco's toppings. The crust was also very thick, and while the quality and taste was fine, the it was far too thick and doughy for my taste. Additionally, I've NEVER spent $17 on a pizza which couldn't be shared between 4 or more people. With all the great pizzas in this city, this one is just an OK. I'd have given it three stars but due to the horrendous attitudes and sheer arrogance of the people working here, It's dropped down to two stars. Price doesn't help either. I can go to to Pizzeria Bianco and get homemade mozzerella, master crafted crust, amazing locally sourced and often home made or home grown toppings, for 3-4 bucks less. I don't care where you got your tomatoes, in fact, the fact you get them from Italy is actually a bad thing in my book. If you got them from the farmer's market, they would only be a day or two old... but getting them from Italy, I'd be surprised if they were less than a week old. Yup, skip this joint and hit Cibo, LGO, Bianco, Pizza A Metro, Tommy V's, Grimaldi's, Grazie, Parlor, or any of the other fantastic pizza joints in this town. There surely isn't a shortage of them.
5	We helped celebrate the 1-year anniversary of this wonderful restaurant.  The magnificent pizza comes hot out of the oven. IT's truly amazing. The owner certainly stayed true to his Italian roots with all the popular and delicious entrees and desserts. All the employees are very nice and helpful. It is a great atmosphere. They have supreme ingredients imported fresh from Italy. I really believe this restaurant can compete with the best pizzerias in Arizona. They can make it very far, I believe. In some ways, you feel like you're in Italy when you're there, with all the Italian food and wonderful accents. Anybody should definitly go here while visiting or if you live here.
4	I love the food, but its just pizza they are over charging and trying to make the place way too swanky.  I have been to Italy every two-bit chef can make delicious pizzas like these there.  They difference is they don't overcharge you or pretend its some kind of delicacy.
5	OMG! I'm hooked on the fried pizza. Don't judge. It's DELICIOUS! When we were in southern Italy a few summers ago, we enjoyed panzerotti -- blurring cultures for the sake of description: they taste like a fry bread empanada filled with tomato sauce, basil and loads of cheese. I found recipes once I returned but, truth be told, I suck at frying. Imagine my delight when I saw the fritta ($12.95) on the menu at Pomo! Quadruple that delight when a "panzerotti" no less than FOUR TIMES the size of what I had in Puglia was delivered to my table! With each bite, the rich flavor of the fried crust melts into the sweetest tomato sauce in the Valley, complimented by a burst of basil and stretchy, milky cheese!
3	I liked PomoThe ambiance is nice but nothing special. Service, fast and friendly. Food, superb. The Tiramasu was the best I've ever tasted. One small problem...the portions are ridiculously small.If Claim Jumper is at one extreme with its Fred Flintstone sized portions, then this place is the polar opposite.As I said, if its quality youre looking for, or, if youre one of those little tiny Scottsdale model types, you'll be right at home here. Unfortunately, I'm not a small person and portions this small and expensive only send me into the waiting (and loving) arms of my fridge.Thanks Pomo, but until you find a new location in a lower rent, higher populated area that doesnt cater to winter visitors, I wont be coming back. You would have done nicely in Scottsdale Quarter where you could have filled your tables nightly and reduced your cost structure. Too bad Grimaldi's beat you to that punch or I would have been a weekly visitor.
5	I prefer the thin, crisp, slightly burnt cracker crust type of wood-fired pizza, instead Pomo offers up a pizza with the crust around the edge being a bit soft and pillowy. BUT I can vouch for how authentic this is, this is EXACTLY how authentic Neapolitan-style pizza is supposed to be made. The ingredients are all the best quality. FORGET PIZZERIA BIANCO, it's competent pizza but NOT worth waiting hours for. All my Italian friends keep returning to Pomo and so should you. Un'ottima pizzeria!
5	First off, this place is as good as it gets for pizza in AZ.  I've read the reviews prior to my writing this one and noticed that people who didn't give it 5 stars are Bianco lovers or probably who are related to the guy.  I am a world traveler and a gourmand who knows food. Period.  I've had my share of experience at Pizzeria Bianco and the regrettable two times I was there (second time was for another benefit of the doubt kind of visit), I was immensely disappointed.  Too salty, burnt, and ridiculous wait which is not worth it at all!  At pomo, you can make reservations, you'll be seated promptly, you can expect great service, and most importantly great pizza.  Yes it is certified by the VPN and it comes very close to the real thing in Napoli.  I actually understand why they are not exactly the same.  I'll give you one example in comparison.  In Napoli's Il Pizzaiolo del Presidente, where President Clinton visited to eat their pizza  for obvious reasons, their pizza is more wet because they pour the olive oil on top of the pizza after freshly baked out of their brick oven.  The texture is softer, moist, and doughy which I love.  But for Pomo, they are here in AZ and have to cater to the American palate.  Americans, especially Arizonans will never eat the authentic pizza as is in Napoli, simply because they're not used to it.  Their carpaccio is authentic as well and very tasty with the abundant greens on top.  I never got to the dessert all of 5 times I've gone since it's opening, because I'm too full by the time.  I had a bite of my son's tiramisu and it was pretty good.  Of course not as good as Venetian tiramisu.  The real Venezia, Italy not the Las Vegas one mind you. :)The portions are perfect, pizza's perfect, and there's no other place like it in AZ so far.  Deserving 5 stars for as far as Arizonan pizzeria!
5	I would just like to say that this place is amazing!  I am a pizzaria bianco fan and this place is very close...I want to go back soooooooooo bad!!!  I love good authentic pizza!  I cannot say one bad thing about this place.  I had to get my food to go but it was delicious when I got home!  If you love pizza and I am talking about GOOOOOOOOOODDDDDDD pizza you need to go here!  I love it and I will be returning!
5	Had lunch there today and loved it!  Delicious fresh food and the staff is super nice and down to earth.  We always had refills and never had to ask for anything-their service is great and I will definitly go to Pomo again soon!
4	I've been lucky enough to visit Italy and try authentic Italian pizza. While I have tried the Napolean pizza, I will say that it was in Rome and not Naples, but that didn't seem to make a difference in taste to me. Needless to say, the pizza I had in Rome was the pizza I use to weigh against any other slice of pizza. Pomo Pizzeria has come pretty darn close to authentic pizza in my book. I'm late in the Pomo Pizzeria game and just visited recently. This is hard to admit especially since the restaurant is in close vicinity to my home. Since the weather is so nice, I was looking for a place with a patio where we could sit and enjoy the last remaining days of cool weather. The patio at Pomo is relatively small so they had about a thirty minute wait which was well worth it for us since we were in no hurry. So we set up shop at the bar for a glass of wine while we waited. The wine was quite tasty! We ordered a house cab and for $6.75, it was a pretty decent glass of wine. About thirty minutes later, we got seated on the patio and the meal began! Be warned that the patio is intimate and if you need to have a private conversation without a third party peeking in, I'd choose another location in the restaurant. It's authentic to European dining in that sense and we were in very close vicinity to our neighbors. We started with the bruschetta and Cesar salad (Romana) to share. The salad is huge and you could probably share it with two to three other people. It was zesty, creamy and delicious. The order of bruschetta gave us two pieces of bread heaping with tomatoes. If you are with a party of more than two, I'd suggest ordering two orders of bruschetta or you can cut each slice in half. So the meal was off to a great start as we enjoyed the great weather, tasty food and thirsty quenching wine. About 45 minutes into the meal, we had just finished up our appetizers and were waiting for our pizza. The waiter then came out and asked us if we had already ordered a pizza or no? We said yes. So he then turned to the table next to us and asked them if they ordered the pizza. He was confused when they answered yes as well because the kitchen only had two orders in and there were three total pizzas (one for us, two for our neighbors). So he went back in and comes out with our neighbors pizza but alas, not ours. It turns out that they accidentally dropped our pizza ticket on the ground so our order never made it through. This made our dinner longer, but not too much longer and they definitely made up for and got our pizza out quickly. Now let's move on to the pizza, for this is what Pomo Pizzeria is known for is it not? Oh friends, the pizza is exactly what you hope for it. It tastes like it's straight from the streets in Italy. We got the Quattro Stagioni which has tomato, San Marzano DOP, mozzarella, fior di latte, sauteed mushrooms, Italian Sausage, etc. The bread was thin crust but soft and melted in my mouth. The crust was fluffy and soft. The pizza is definitely large enough to split and the combo of salad, bruschetta and pizza worked out perfectly. The reviews are right in saying that this pizza is absolutely excellent and comparable to the other great pizza places in the Valley.
5	Took a large group here last night and everyone enjoyed the pizzas.  Or was it the super friendly waitress shelly. Just about the friendliest I've ver seen. Dessert were amazing as well starting with the tiramisu.
1	Walked in the door, my phone reading 856p and we were turned away stating they were closed. Really?? Sign said they serving at 9p.  Other tables with menus in hand and they were willing to let us walk. We will never be back.  As I write this review my car reads 858p. Poor customer service in full display!
5	I love Pomo! The pizza is my favorite yet.  After waiting for three hours at Pizzeria Bianco, my boyfriend and I were satisfied- but not near as satisfied as we were when we had Pomo for the first time. I would recommend trying the Bufala Mozzarella pizza, it is hands down the best we have tried.  I also love the red pepper oil drizzled all over the top.  Their version of a caesar salad was lackluster, I was expecting a better house made dressing and it was pretty bland, but the pizza is why we were there and I can't say enough about it.  The tomato soup is also delicious and a great to dip the crusts in.
3	REALLY good. Yes, they are Authentically Napolitana. The oven is wood fired. The ingredients are fresh and the pizzas are classic and inventive at the same time. It doesn't get five stars because it isn't perfect. (Yes, that IS Pizzeria Bianco, but it is closed on Monday, so we tried 'Pomo--and weren't disappointed.) The tiramisu did not provide the effect mentioned elsewhere, however, but it was pretty good. They lose a star because of the ambiance. Specifically, the radio: loudly. A RADIO? Really? Who decided that was going to complete the experience? It's almost worse than a TV, and THAT costs a whole star in my reviews.
3	Came here with a friend before. Our waiter was faking having an Italian accent. I don't even remember the food, but that waiter pretending to be Italian was hilarious.
4	I have also had the pleasure of traveling to Italy and experiencing authentic Napoletana pizza.  Until my first visit to Pomo a few months ago, I thought I was going to have to go back to Italy to enjoy it.  Their selection of fresh ingredients was making the decisions hard to narrow down, so our waiter recommended a bottle of wine.  It was the Santa Cristina, a sangiovese from Tuscany.  He explained that it wasn't the most expensive, but had a wonderful flavor that really went well with the pizza - and he was so right!  Being a simple person, I had the margarita pizza, while my friends each tried a different one.  All were equally delicious, pending one's taste buds.  The Santa Lucia has a wild broccoli, which tends to be more bitter than usual, so keep that in mind when ordering.  It wasn't for me, but if you like wild greens, you would love it, so my friend tells me.  The price points for what you are getting are very fair as well.  Being that Pomo is located in one of the more upscale shopping centers (where unfortunately with the downfall of the market has closed a number of the smaller shops located near by as well) it may scare away a lot of patrons thinking it will be too pricey, but don't be fooled.  Dinner for two, with a bottle of wine could easily be done for around $50 and it will leave you full and wanting to come back to try all the selections you didn't get to try this time.
1	Pasta of the day had no flavor what so ever.  Regina Marg pizza was ok.  I get their whole concept and what they're doing but when service is non-existent, that trumps everything.  You can have a mediocre meal (as was the case here) and if the service is outstanding you might go back.  Not the case here.    Was told to check out pie place across the street.
5	I still love Pomo.  We tried a couple different pizzas this time.  Hubby had the one loaded with meat.  He devoured it.  I had the vegetarian with eggplant, zucchini and mushrooms (substitute for the bell peppers).  It was delicioso!  Usually when I eat pizza, I leave the crust, but the crust on these Neapolitana are too good not to eat!I was totally impressed that our waitress, Michelle, remembered me!  Actually, I don't know if that is a good thing or a bad thing, but still impressive!  She was a sweetheart, by the way, so I highly recommend sitting in her section when the opportunity arises. Would have loved to have been seated on the patio but they were full when we arrived at 2 pm on a Sunday.  After we were seated inside, two or three tables on the patio cleared.  I wonder why the hostess didn't say, it might be a few minutes wait if you want patio seating . . . she didn't even scan the area to see if there might be availability soon :(
3	3/16/11Came in to see what Pomo had to offer on their happy hour menu-- certain cocktail drinks are half-off (I had the lemon drop, or something akin to that, with lemon vodka and fresh lemon juice).  The two pizzas I've tried here were just OK.  The Quattro Formaggi (mozzarella, provolone, gorgonzola, and parmigiano) was very salty, but good, crispy crust that didn't stay crispy for very long (not even ten minutes!), and the Quattro Stagioni (minus 'shrooms) was tasty, but I wouldn't order it again, as the crust was very soggy due to the tomato sauce.  Such a shame...  Order the bruschetta!  I had it for happy hour-- sadly, HH menu only offers discounts on cocktails, not food.  Boo!  So, I ordered the bruschetta to try while waiting for the pizza... I should've just ordered two of the bruschetta!  Loved the crunch of the bread, and the toppings tasted so fresh!  The panna cotta I had for dessert was good- you wouldn't have to twist my arm to order it again.  :)  (But of course, I'd like to try other desserts on the menu first.  That is, if they aren't off-limits...)  Mom liked the millefoglie w/ chantilly cream and strawberries offered to her as a token of appreciation when we had dinner there on Pomo's first-year anniversary.  I really enjoyed the slice of "anniversary cake" I was given, since I couldn't have the millefoglie special (due to powdered sugar and cornstarch in this pastry).Service was very relaxed and probably modeled after the service you'd find in Italy-- it brought us to recall the same nonchalant attitude we encountered when we visited Rome many years ago... (Most, if not all, of Pomo's servers and bussers are Italians from the "old world," complete w/ accents!).  Mom and I noted that most of the dinner customers here seemed to be Italians, w/ many of them carrying an air of being visitors, or tourists, not locals.  Two visits and the only things I can vouch for are the lemon cocktail, the bruschetta, and the anniversary cake (which wasn't even on the regular menu!).  One more try, perhaps...
4	Traditional NapoletanaSimple tomato sauceGood quality Buffalo mozzarella Dough is yummyWe would go back.  However, I must say, Bianco's suits my palate better in terms of flavor.
5	What amazing pizza! I got the Don Alfonso and ate the whole thing. Everything was so fresh. We also got Capricciosa and Regina Margherita. Both were great.Despite being full of wonderful pizza we shared the Panna Cotta and Tiramisu. What a great end to a wonderful meal.Service was prompt and the restaurant was very nice. Loved the two story picture of a small Italian street.
5	By far the best pizza I've ever had. I've never been to Pizzeria Bianco in Downtown Phoenix, but I have friends who've been to both and say the Pomo is much better. My favorite is the Principe Pizza and the Buffalo Mozzarella Pizza. I usually go their with my girlfriend and we split a salad and pizza, but if you're hungry a single pizza can be easily finished by one person. They have a wonderful wine selection as well.What really sets this place apart from others is it is the only Naples Certified Restaurant in Phoenix. This means that all of their ingredients are organically grown in Naples. I recommend making reservations as they fill up quickly, however they almost always have outside seating.
5	I havent been able to make it back to Pomo in a while but my craving for that sweet sauce started to give me an itch. I was happy to see that buisness was booming, my timing that night must have been right on since my wife and I were seated right away. We started with the carpaccio and a wine the waiter suggested. My waiter told me his favorite pizza, he suggested a anything with spicy salamie. We split the devils pizza and boy was it sinfull, YUMMY! We finished the pizza easily but saved room for the lava cake we saw on the meue during our last visit. Always tasty, everytime is like the first time at Pomo.
4	Three visits and three delicious meals.  Visit #1 - Two weeks prior to restaurant opening.  No silverware, no plates - just pizza straight from the oven.  Mind you, a 950 degree wood burning oven that bakes pizza perfectly in less than two minutes per pie.Visit #2 - One year later.  Three girls. three glasses of wine. one caprese salad, one affettati misti (assorted Italian meat and cheese appetizer), one specialty pizza, and three desserts.  Visit #3 - Two days after visit #2.  This time with my husband.  We shared one caprese salad, one sausage and mushroom pizza, and one capriccossa pizza, and one dark Italian beer.Aside from consistent, authentic food, the atmosphere is casual and welcoming, and so is the owner, Stefano.  He's quite the character and his accent is reason alone to go to 'Pomo.  Make sure to meet him when you go!Not sure why I took a year hiatus between my first two visits, but I'm glad to see that 'Pomo is going strong, and I'll certainly be back again real soon... if you want true Neapolitan pizza, this is the place to go... and make sure to order enough to have leftovers; they are just as good the next day!
5	Stefano, the owner, is such a delight and will put up with your bad italian and listen to your travels about italy!the pizza, panninis and desseerts speak for themselves! so good!
4	Excellent Pizza!  We were vacationing in Arizona for a week and found this place via yelp.  What a great find.  Oven fresh pizza. I ordered the "Tirolese" as the combination of prosciutto and brie is fantastic.  However, house rose was just ok.
4	Came here with a huge group (like 30 people) after a long day of company meetings and they did a wonderful job of hosting a boisterous group.  I don't really know what exactly we ate since I didn't order anything but plates kept constantly coming out.  I have never been to Italy but a brother and sister in our group mentioned that they haven't had a pizza this good since they were in a particular town in Italy.  The Italian owner said that's because they have 2 cooks from that same town making the pizzas in the kitchen.  Street cred!This was probably the best pizza I have ever had!  The crust was very thin yet chewy, with a bit of char...kind of reminded me of indian naan.  Toppings were not overpowering: simple, yet quality ingredients.  Little bit of sauce, little bit of cheese, lots of love and pride = perfection!  The salad, bruschetta, and antipasto appetizers were good too but the pizza was the star.  I really liked the prociutto and arugula pizza.  Longing for the day I can find a pizza like this in Hawaii.Best part, I ate what seemed like a ton of pizza but didn't get the stuffed food coma feeling like I normally would.
5	My husband and I LOVE this place! We have taken so many friends here to introduce them to how awesome it is. It's a fun, simple atmosphere, casual but still nice. Food is amazing, tastes fresh and authentic. Service has always been top notch and we have been several times. In fact we're taking some more friends there this weekend! :)
4	This place is pretty tasty... I went here tonight with the BF and another couple after wanting to go for months.. MONTHS! and it still didn't disappoint, so that's how you know it's good. We started with some drinks, I had a peach bellini, which was good, the BF had a manhattan, and he said it was very good, I thought it was good too, but I haven't had one before, so I don't know how it compares. We had the bruschetta, which was pretty good, but could have been better with some balsamic I think. The real star is, of course, the pizza. The BF and I split the fried pizza.... wow! What a brilliant idea! It was like pizza inside a light fluffy doughnut. Plus, the mozz they use is wonderful and so are the tomatoes.... very good. The other couple had a pizza with prosciutto on it and a pizza with roasted veggies (can't remember the names...). I didn't try the veggie, but it smelled very fresh and delicious like bell pepper. I tried the prosciutto and it was very good, and they didn't skimp on it either... this pizza was covered. It was pretty tasty. I would say that it is not the best pizza in phoenix... but it is good and worth a return visit. We finished with the tiramisu, which ended up not being great, but not being bad. So I would definitely go back and get the pizza... I would also like to try the salad, as the ones I saw looked really good. So yay pomo! Way to make tasty pizza!
5	This place rocks!  Eat in or take out always declious!  I've tried many different pizzas and you can't go wrong!  I love the Buffalo...get any pizza that way...the cheese is fresh!  The meats are amazing!  Fresh from the oven, quick and one the best pizzas around!
1	Ok, so recently became a family of 3 instead of 2 and our dining options have changed and also our dining out frequency. We looked online and thought the reviews looked great so drove 30 miles to this place for lunch. The greeter was very pleasanrt and the ambience lovely on a Sunday afternoon. Our waitress arived after approx 15 mins and had a very unusual affect, would not make eye contact and kept interupting us mid-sentence. I asked for advice about the Italian wine list and she interupted me and said "I'll just bring you a sample of 2, it will save time" and then turned to my husband to ask what he wanted. Weird, but I let it go. Then when she returned for my drink order I asked her for bottled water as the tap water that was given to us tasted odd, she said she agreed and walked away, when she returned I asked if they got a lot of complaints about the heavy taste of chlorine in the water and she said "different people have diferent tastes" and when I emphasised how bad it tasted she said "it's an ongoing battle" while walking away from us. Incredibly rude waitress and I couldn't believe she didn't seem to care when a customer had a complaint. After approx 15 more minutes in a relatively empty restaurant our appetizer was served. We ordered the carpaccio and it was ok, it needed some seasoning and especially would have benefitted from some more citrus. I ordered the Buffalo DOP and it was a big disappointment. No flavor (I ordered it without the parmesan) and very wet with tomato sauce. My husband enjoyed the quattro formaggio but agreed that it was far inferior to Cibo, Bianco et al. The final insult was when I went to the bathroon to change my baby's diaper and found myself unable to as there was no changing table, I guess they expected the many moms in the room to change their children on the floor. When I brought this to the attention of the seater on the way out her reaction was "yeah, we don't have one" as per all 20 year old Scottsdale ladies and was quite unruffled by my predicament and definitely offered no alternative. Add to this the general attitude of the staff (young waitress chatting with the seater and walking away shaking her head and obviously mad about something) and the heat within the restaurant ( about 10 degrees above comfortable) and the fact that nobody came and asked us how our meal was or if we needed anything and overall our experience was ABYSMAL. will never return as we felt like we were unimportant in their day and overall felt like we had wasted our money and our family day out.
1	Sad to say this place has gone downhill.  I have been frequenting this place for their terrific pizza and reccomending it to all my friends and family for many years. The last two times I have been there the crust was not up to par. After new years they had a lasagna special made with bolognaise meat sauce and it was un edible. The pasta was overcooked and the bottom was burnt, we told the waitress that the lasagna was burnt and we  would not eat it, it was not even possible to cut it with a knife. Our waitress just gave us a blank stare. Sorry to say the only thing left at pomos would be the tiramisu which is heavenly.
4	What a wonderful Italian pizzeria! My friends and I went here for my birthday and had a great time drinking wine and eating pizza. The pizza was absolutely delicious. My husband and I also split a wonderfully fresh and delightful salad. I had leftovers and confirmed that the pizza was just as good the next day, even though I wasn't tipsy anymore :)My only complaint is that I felt very rushed by the server. We were taking our time chatting and enjoying ourselves, and the server kept coming by like, every 2 minutes to see if we were ready to order. Did we look ready? No. I quickly had to scan the meny and we told him that we wanted salads as appetizers first, but he still made us put in the entire order "because that's how the chefs like it". In fact, if I were focused more on the service I would only give Pomo 3 stars, but I won't cause I liked the pizza so much.
3	I have been to Pomo two more times since the last visit and on both times, while the pizzas were very good, the crusts on the bottom were burnt both times. For the prices they charge, this should not be the case.
3	I really wanted to give Pomo 4 stars but just couldn't. I love the concept of a authentic Naples pizza but I didn't think the pizza was that great. It was good, nothing special except for all the hype on the menu explaining all the ingredients. I'd go back but it didn't blow me away or have me craving to go back like other pizzerias I've been to. I think they lost me when I ordered the caprese salad and it was served with some of the worst mozzarella I've been given at a restaurant. I couldn't believe an Italian restaurant would allow that. Is the chef not checking the quality of his products daily?? Service and ambiance was good. I would tell you to try it and give it your own opinion.
5	For six months I have been trying to find pizza that was as good as I had in Italy.  Pomo gave me that pizza!  I absolutely loved the pizza and am craving it now even as I am writing this review!  I will totally go back and bring people.  My favorite pizza was the Bufala.
4	FRESH, FRESH, FRESHA little pricey, but you are paying for quality ingredients.Service was great and so was the ambience.  Great date place.
5	Fantastic- I almost didnt write a review becaseu this place is already too popular. I was in the other night with my Mom who is 81. The owner came over and made her feel special - he is wonderful- super talented, great personality- The food is delicious, better than pizza bianco in my opinion. I would love to see this restuarant expand ( old Gardunos?) . I could eat here everyday- no it is not fattening at all, thin bubbly and delicous
4	One of the best lunch bargains in town: salad and pizza for $10.  The pizza is very tasty, though the crust is paper thin.  Thin is the way I like it, but paper thin is a bit too thin.  Service was friendly as could be and very efficient.  I shall return.
3	excellant wine choices, have not tried the pasta or homemade gnocchi, but it looked great.the pizza is very soft, amost undercooked.  But that is what makes it great.nice outdoor seating
4	Pomo is the only valley pizzeria to be certified by the Verace Pizza Napoletana Association. I don't really know what this means, but my taste buds don't care. The organic precision of this pizza topples most so-called italian eateries here in the valley. The atmosphere is simple, casual and perfect for any time of the day. The dough is clearly made from scratch as the fire blisters the crust and the fresh ingredients melt in your mouth. My favorite is "BIANCA Mozzarella Fior di Latte, Prosciutto Crudo San" followed up with homemade Cannoli's.
3	Very, very, very good pizza..... But ive had one better at Bianco Pizzeria in downtown. It blew pomo away some how!!!
5	EXCELLENT Neapolitan pizza from a wood-fired, brick oven.  The crust is absolutely perfect.Comfortable atmosphere, though if you sit indoors you might leave smelling slightly of woodsmoke.  This place is clean & stylish, but not so much that you'd feel the need to dress up.Try the Panna Cotta for dessert - outstanding!   The dessert selection is vast.  I'd like to see more offerings for appetizers.Wait staff is very friendly and prompt without being suffocating.Only knock is that the pizzas came out WAY too soon after the appetizers were served.
3	I want to like Pomo , I really do. My coworkers brought me a Pomo pizza to go. My office is only 1 mile away.When the the pizza got here it was piping hot, but the crust in the middle was under cooked. There wasn't a whole lot of flavor going on , even with the onions, roasted pepper, mushrooms and sausage. I little disappointed. I rather eat at Grazie or even sauce for that matter.
4	We sat outside on the pleasant patio. The Bresaola salad was fresh and delicious, while the pizza was tasty (and the crust was super). My daughter had a gelato shaped like a bear which made her night. There were acceptable white wines by the glass, and service was very Italian and yet efficient! I'll go back. It was so much more pleasant than the local, average American-style stuff.
5	ahhh YUMMM!!! Let me just say that this place offers truly AUTHENTIC italian pizza!! I had traveled to multiple stops throughout Italy two summers ago and of course had nothing but the best pizza ever! What are the odds that I found this truly delicious authentic pizza place in Scottsdale Az?! Funny, but so happy I did. If your a pizza connoisseur, look no further:)
4	Really great pizza. The next step after Grimaldi's. Still not brooklyn, but I am not complaining. I came here with some people fueling up for the Javelina Jundred mile run in Fountain Hills. They liked the pizza so much, it was the second time coming in over their three day stay. I ordered the bufala mozarella pizza and was happy. The waitress was a little too happy but it is much better than being mean! Nice outdoor seating. DiFara's still has my vote, but for Phoenix, this just might be as good as it gets.
4	This pizza is the only official Versace Napoletana pizza in Arizona.  Although this could be a fictitious award it doesn't mean it's not delicious.  This pizza is amazing, the ingredients are quality and the flavor of the sauce is what really puts it over the edge for me, sweet but not overly complimented by in my case buffalo ( or bufalo, im not sure) mozzarella. I got the bufala dop and their meat fried pizza.  Yes fried pizza, it's like a calzone that's fried in sweet dough, def worth trying but next time I'll try 2 different pizzas. Great location and decor, also a cool looking oven!  My only complaint is horrible parking, not their fault though and I prob needed a good walk anyway after eating so much, so maybe I should be thanking them.
2	I give this place 3-1/2 stars for food, 1 star for service. I came here with a group of friends for dinner on my birthday. First the good part, the food: I'm not a fan of thin crust pizza, so opted to go for a couple of the appetizers instead. Ingredients were fresh and tasty, and portions were reasonable. I ordered the caprese and the salami/cheese sampler. Strangely the menu said the caprese came with bread, but the sampler did not; the sampler also only had 4 small pieces of the same kind of cheese, instead of an assortment as I expected. Good, but still odd. My friends all ordered pizza, so I had a slice of the Margherita just to try it, since the friend who recommended the place had raved about the pizza. It was actually quite good; toppings were flavorful and the crust in particular was very nice, chewy and substantial enough to be filling. If I came again, I would probably order the pizza. I wanted to order soup, but the choices were uninspired: a white mushroom soup and a red tomato soup (although now that I think about it, that's exactly how the waitress explained them, so she didn't exactly make either choice sound good).What put a big damper on the evening was the waitress. She was friendly enough when we arrived, but very quickly I noticed certain things. It was like she couldn't be bothered with us; she hardly ever came to check on us, never asked if we wanted more drinks, and never asked if we wanted dessert. When our food was delivered (not by her), she was never there to make sure we got the right orders and we were happy. If we wanted anything, we had to flag her down and she would walk away without saying anything. My caprese came with nothing on top except fresh basil and the bread that was promised on the menu never showed, so I had to call her over to get olive oil and balsamic vinegar; she was already leaving the table before I could ask for the bread. After this happened, I commented to my friends that I didn't like the waitress because she seemed very snooty and apparently had better things to do than her job. Later on, as we were finishing eating, she brought two checks over, one for a friend at the end of the table and the other for the rest of the table. Apparently she separated out the check for the friend only because she asked, but never checked whether anyone else needed a separate check. This was a problem for a couple other people, who felt they didn't even get a chance to say anything. When they asked very politely if the waitress would mind splitting the rest of the check up, she rolled her eyes and said "I mind" and walked off. She finally did come back with separate checks for the two of them, but still didn't verify if anyone ELSE wanted separate checks.We had a movie to get to by that time, so didn't hang out for long, but as we were walking out, I realized she never asked us if we wanted dessert. On top of that, my friends had talked to her in the beginning about my birthday and supposedly she was going to bring something out, but it never materialized. Not that I minded that part, as I'm not into that kind of thing, but I don't know if she forgot or didn't care or what. And not even a mention of it to me. Anyway I doubt I'll go back again; there's no excuse for hiring bad servers in what is otherwise a decent restaurant.
4	I absolutely LOVED Pomo! The pizza was delicious and if you've ever been to Italy you'd know this pizza is authentically Italian! My one and only complaint would be that there was a bit of a wait but  which was nice. They have some great outdoor seating and the atmosphere was great. If you haven't been I suggest you go!
2	I was captured by the thought of authentic Naples pizza, the concept was inviting but the reality of actually dining at Pomo was nothingto get excited about.Let me begin by saying we had the worst experience with the wait staff.We had to look for our waitress and ask her for everything.  The caprese salad was served with the worst mozzarella and no olive oil or balsamic vinegar.  We waited for ten minutes looking for her to ask for the oil and vinegar.The pizza arrived for one member of our party and the other entrees did not arrive.  No waitress, no entrees. Finally the pollo salad arrived sans lemon vinagrette; again "where is the waitress?"  After dinner, the coup de grace is when the waitress shows up and gives us someone else's check...Either the wait staff is totally stupid or totally stoned.  Either way, its too much trouble to eat at this marginal pizza place.
4	Popular for a reason. Got some for take out, and let me say: hello, tasty pizza! Great crust (would have been 5 stars, but they were a bit too burnt), quality toppings, and super nice staff. Desserts (tira misu & creme puffs) also very good.
4	The best place to go in Scottsdale for pizza.  This is the true Neapolitan style pizza, not your Chicago or NY style at all.  They use all traditional Italian ingredients from the San Marzano Tomatoes, Fior de Latte cheese, to the Caputo flour, all making this a wonderful experience for those of you seeking out the true Italian pizza originating from Napoli.  So far we have been there five or six times since we learned about the place. They are very accommodating and will make you almost anything you want. We have tried the pizza several times and have never been disappointed.  The other day my wife ordered the lasagna which is usually a no-no in most restaurants because it sits around for days and days until it gets sold and you never know if you are getting fresh food. At POMO the lasagna is fresh and delicious. We also were given free samples of the gnocchi which were very light and tasty.  My kids love the place and they can't wait for the delicious lava cake accompanied with homemade gelato. All in all it is a great place that you can go to over and over again, eating different flavors of pizza or other dishes as well.  One of my favorite things is to sit at the pizza bar and chat with Fabio who is one of the main pizza makers at POMO. He speaks mostly italian, some spanish as well as some english. He is a great guy and he loves to talk. He has a passion for making pizza and loves to share his secrets with you. The kids also love to sit at the pizza bar, watching the pizza get made, in and out of the oven, etc... Try it and you most likely will not be disappointed if you share my appreciation for true Neapolitan style pizza.
5	Pretty freakin great. The ingredients on the pizza tasted sooo fresh. The crust was way thin, which made the toppings, cheese and sauce stand out even more. We were visiting from out of state, but would LOVE to come back! Also, loved the outdoor heated seating.
5	Great place for lunch! Salads are always fresh and crisp, pizza is made to order, very thin crust and totally delicious!
4	Once a upon a time, a little girl thought that Peter Piper Pizza was the best-est pizza in the whole wide world!  Then she grew up and fell in love with 'Pomo...In the heart of beautiful Scottsdale, AZ she fancied the Carpaccico Di Bresaola with fresh argula, Quattro Stagioni pizza, Toto Sapore pizza...and a cold bottle of Franziskaner Weissbier.  The wood-fired oven gave the pizzas the fresh-out-of-the-oven taste and the ambiance had a certain je ne sais quoi...As the story goes...she lived happily ever stuffed for the day...
5	Checked back in after a hiatus.  Had a special of the day pizza which included porcini mushrooms and buffala mozzeralla.  (no sauce).  FANTASTIC.  Looks like they spent some additional money upgrading the facilties too.  Good to see a local operator that cares enough to keep investing.   Will for sure recommend to others.
4	One of the best pizza places I've ever been too. Neapolitan pizza has quickly become my favorite because of this place. The ingredients in their pizza are high end, imported from Napoli, and extremely fresh. My favorite is the one with prosciutto and brie. The prosciutto, when cooked, does turn out a bit more salty than usual, but overall, a superb pizza! The ambiance inside is dim, candle-lit, and has a large photographic mural of an Italian cobblestone street. The pizza, by the way, is made in 90 seconds in a 900 degree oven! Thin crust for the most part, with a soft chewy, but slightly charred crust. It's location, by the way, is great- at the Scottsdale Borgata. If it's nice outside, sit on the patio. :D
4	Having dined at Pomo 5+ times, this is our absolute favorite pizza place.  Sorry Pizzeria Bianco, but they take reservations, making it a great date night.Their ingredients are off the charts too.  Good wines and good prices, amazing mozzarella and piping hot pizza cooked to perfection.
4	Excellent...simply great pizza
5	Pomo was amazing. We have had pizza in Naples, Italy and this was the real deal.  Chef Fabio made a perfect crust thin, charred & crisped. The mozzarella & fresh basil finished it off. Forza Napoli!
5	'Pomo is the real deal. The VPN certification is proudly displayed, and the pies adhere strictly to its requirements. Passing through the dining room, I stopped to take a picture of the gorgeous red-tiled wood-fired oven. The master pizzaiolo in charge that night, Fabio, invited me over to get a closer look, and preached to this choir about the virtues and perfection of Neapolitan pizzas. The DOP margherita was sublime, and the pizza bianco was absolutely wonderful, with fresh mozzarella, prosciutto, enhanced by the nuttiness of shaved parmigiano reggiano on top.  Fabio sent over a sample of a wonderful dip of fresh and roasted garlic with a mild heat from red-pepper infused olive oil. This was beyond excellent, a great topping & super way to finish off the pizza crust. Our service was swift and knowledgable, and kids are not only welcome, but easily accommodated. We dined al fresco in February - a rare treat for a Buffalonian. Dessert consisted of a deliciously decadent Nutella cake, and Fabio sent over a lemoncello nightcap that had a creamy consistency not unlike an Orange Julius - a flavor and consistency that I now feel compelled to seek out.
5	Absolutely fantastic. I could close my eyes and I was back in Rome enjoying a Margherita. It surely helped that I could actually hear Italian being spoken when I closed my eyes. In addition to the Margherita we had the Pomo, the Crocchette Pugliesi and the Mista salad. The crocchette was just like I've had at a street fair but I was a little jealous that they were out of the Arancini, which are my favorite treat. Too bad, but I will be back and next time I will save room for dessert.
4	Very good. Thin n tasty. Good service.
5	I have been her going on 6 times now since discovering it in January, and one run of 4 straight Saturday mornings.  It is in the lovely Borgata area and has great patio seating to enjoy the season.  The service is impeccable, and lets face it when eating out service is what makes us all come back.  The ambiance is mixed there is a photo mural from floor to ceiling on the back wall that allows you to feel as if you are at a street side cafe in Naples.  The open pizza prep and oven area and a nice bar area are also positives, the remaining 2 walls are stark and maybe at night are acceptable, but during the day they remind me of the 80's-90's lacquered contemporary design you know the type water-beds and padded rails.  I have only been here during daylight hours, and still love the place regardless.  It is easily overlooked though since the food comes up very quickly and timed perfectly with the appetizers and drinks, and once it arrives I cannot take my eyes off the food.  We have had the gnocchi which was heavenly little pillows of goodness with a perfectly balance sweet and acidic marinara.  We only had it once though, the pizza is the best I have had ever, let me say it again ever globally, and I grew up in Chicago and have tasted pizza all over the states and Europe. I love all pizza and respect NY vs Chicago opinions and crave each on occasion, but neither come close to this. It is wood fired and comes out with a leopard char in the crust top and edges imparting a slight woodsy flavor and dusting of a smokey like nuance, the toppings are prepared and applied sparingly and they compliment each other like no other, you wouldn't change a thing about them.  The Bianco white pizza has the nuttiest Parmesan reggiano and the most moist prosciutto with a slight crisp edge that you have to keep your dining partners from snatching off your pie.  The Margherita pizza is divine, the sauce and buffalo mozzarella and delicately placed basil signifies the Italian flag and while controversial if they flew this pizza from a pole instead of the flag their financial woes would be over.  I cannot go now without ordering both of these pizzas, and only once was there any left over.  We also have had a meat topped pizza that escapes my memory but it had every cured meat they offered and some, and while it was slightly too much for me it didn't matter because the two times we took people there they ate it all and wrote down the ingredients for future carnivorous indulgences.  They are roughly 13-16" across pizzas and best savored slowly to soak in all the fresh flavors.  The pasta portion is generous but not overindulgent, the kids portions are really probably appropriate for an adult but they gladly split them for my two kids.  As I said they are so accommodating and respectful they seem like like vested owners or something, that is so nice to see in this day and age of fast food servers in dining establishments.  The desert ranges from fresh seasonal fruits with gelato or panacotta to decedent chocolate pastries and flour-less cakes to please everyone.  I have been watching my weight and found the menu to be more than accommodating and the flavors so rich that less is more here.Prices are perfect, I am glad to pay the price for great service and always show it by leaving 30% or more for the server, they are some of the best in the valley.  Kids are treated like paying customers and while my two are great behaved and eat well, I would imagine they are the same with all families.  Please tell you friends to help support this place, but not so many that it becomes a pretentious hangout like the one at the AZ Science Center you know who I'm talking about.  Anyone finding themselves on this stretch of Scottsdale Road needs to stop buy treat yourself to a real Valley of the Sun gem of a spot.Bottom line:Great Pizza- best thin Neapolitan ever and possibly best pizza in general.Great Service- always accurate timely and accommodatingEspresso service and perfectly roasted and served espresso drinksDesert complete and offering something for everyone dieting or devouringComplete Bar- bonusgo and go often, and bring friends or clients knowing you will be pleased and well taken care of.
5	The pizza and panini's are awesome. The pizzas are cooked in a wood fire roasted oven. The Caprese salad is really good. Nick took good care of us. The service is excellent. The staff is outstanding. Very attentive. Good prices. Nice atmosphere.
2	Over-rated! After a number of recommendations, including Yelp, my wife and I decided to have dinner at 'Pomo. The waiter explained the Napoli flavor of the restaurant and their food. Gave us the highlights of the menu. Considering all the showmanship and contrived ambiance we were expecting much better. The pizza was very dissappointing, soggy, very few toppings and tasteless. The salad and drinks were much better, otherwise this would have been a one star rating.  Next time we're in Scottsdale we'll go elsewhere.
5	We were definitely wowed! Mateo, one of the pizza chefs recommended everything for us to try: the Italian made beer and wine which were both perfect; the Capresi antipasti with melt in your mouth mozzarella, Toto Sapore pizza which was divine & the Semifreddo Di Mandorle traditional Italian dessert. We sat at the pizza bar and watched the art at work  & enjoyed the flowing Italian being spoken by everyone. We will return; probably tomorrow! Great experience & quite reasonable!
5	Absolutely my favorite pizza place in Phx. It has taken over top spot from Grazie. I have lived in Naples and this place comes closest to how that pizza is. Everything we have had there, apps, pizza, desserts, etc. have all been great. The staff is also very nice, friendly and talkative.
5	My daughter and son in law wanted to give this joint a try and as I personally believe that pizza is one of the 5 basic food groups, I immeiately declared that I was all in.I don't want to over pump this place but after going there 2 or 3 times, I was forced to call "911" because the food was so good, I lost my mind and needed help getting it back.Super ambiance, great service and the food ....  Oh the food !!Make this a must go experience, you won't be disappointed!
5	my girlfriends and I came here for lunch.  We split a salad, the margherita pizza and two desserts.  The service was stellar and food was absolutely amazing!  The pizza was so fresh and delicious and the desserts were both to die for.  Best tirimisu I have ever eaten!  Can't wait to come back here.
5	If you are looking for a perfect Neopolitan style pizza, made with ingredients imported from Napoli, a brick oven of bricks from Mt. Vesuvius, and Italian waiter who is modest, friendly, and fun to talk to, then you've found the perfect pizzeria.
3	The one thing that is good about this establishment is the food. The pizza is fresh and desserts are delicious. However,  when we came here on a Sunday afternoon, the service was not good. Once our order was taken they got two things wrong: We received the wrong appetizer but they insisted we ordered that item. Also, they forgot to get our dessert ready which takes 20 minutes to prepare. So at the end of our meal, when we were ready for dessert, they had not even started yet.If the service were better this place could easily be 4-5 stars
5	I go to Scottsdale on business a few times a year and was there again last week. I came across 'Pomo on the net. We have a VPN in Chicago and we LOVE it! So we were very excited to go and we were not disappointed. The pizza is probably the best representation of true authentic Italian food that Scottsdale has to offer. The pizza was great! The service was great! But beware this is an ITALIAN pizza and might not be the type of pizza most people are used to. So first-timers might want to educate themselves a little before expecting to order a "Large Pepperoni & Mushroom". Well done 'Pomo! Siete bravissimi!!!!
5	This place is awesome. first of the owner let us in even though the place was closed, stupid google maps said it closed at 10 when it was really 9pm closing time. well when we got in the place looks really nice classy and intimate, I felt like i was in new york. we ordered the TOTO SAPORE pizza and the calzone napoletano, they were both delicious, I could really taste the quality ingridients and the freshness, the owner/chef cooks his pizza in a hand made brick oven the cooks the pizza in 3 minutes. overall this place is the best pizza I have ever had and I have had plenty all over.
3	Another visit to Pomo has not changed my view of their pizzas.  They are pretty good-not great.  I like the overall flavor and the crust but the soggy middles and runny cheese is not the most appealing in my view.
4	Fantastic, authentic, delicious!
5	We went here for lunch today after reading about it in the dining guide in the Phoenix Magazine. They were listed as a BEST New Restaurant, I would have to agree. We had 2 of the appetizers, Bruschetta Sorrentina, toasted homemade bread, mozzarella , grape tomatoes, basil and evoo. It was delicious, probably the best bruschetta I've ever had. We also ordered a bowl of the Zuppa Ai Funghi, its a homemade creamy mushroom soup (mushrooms, onions, evoo, served with toasted bread. It was a very generous portion, not like most restaurants that give you a bowl with an inch of soup in it. It wasn't a heavy cream, and it had a great mushroom flavor. I would get it again but I want to try their homemade creamy tomato soup. Next up.....pizza. They have both red and white pizza. We went with the Bufalina, with buffalo mozzarella, grape tomatoes, oregano, garlic and basil. It was deliciious. The crust was crisoy and airy and the toppings were wonderful. Reminded me of a pizza we had in Naples, Italy. I have to agree with other reviewers that the center of the pizza was a bit soggy. I wish they could somehow correct that issue. Then I would be able to say they have the PERFECT pizza. But its still over the top and the best in the Valley. We had the tiramasu for dessert and it was deliciious, italian sponge cake, soaked in espresso, mascarpone cheese and a light dusting of cocoa powder. It was a beautiful presentation, plated and drizzled with a wonderful chocolate sauce, a sliced strawberry and a strawberry sauce.  There are many dessert choices and they all look wonderful. LOVE this place, can't wait.till my next visit.
5	I am Yelping Since December 2010 and I am italian lives in Usa since 2007 this is my first time that write review. I am so happy to do this for Pomo because i think this restaurant is only place in Phoenix area make authentic italian (napoleatan) pizza . I used to live in Naples and I know Pizza Napoletana. Me and my family we are really happy to discover Pizzeria Pomo. Let me say before about my culture about pizza Napoletana.... pizza NAPOLETANA is NOT crispy but crust is crispy ouside and soft inside so truly pizza napoli MUST be soft and you can fold it in FOUR and eat with hands. Pizza Napoletana is little bit overprice because ingredients came from Italy around area Naples.... sea salt, flour, salami, bufala, prosciutto.... If you looking for something different don't go in this place. I went tonight in pomo and one more time i enjoyed the food. Thank you GUYS BUONISSIMO COME SEMPRE.
5	The best pizza in Arizona. I've been to Italy several times, and Pomo's pizza does not fall short.
5	This place takes my breath away. From the food, to the music, to the service, it reminds me of my very short time in Italy. Let me start by saying, the fact that this place is anything but a perfect five on here is a testament to the fact that most Americans dont know a thing about Italian food. This IS PERFECT pizza made in the way of the old country. Yes, it's a little soggy in the middle. It's supposed to be that way. So keep your stuffed crust. It just means Pomo will be less crowded for me......So, anyway, the service here is impeccable. I always eat at the bar, but the waitresses are wonderful from my observation. The manager even takes time to explain  tricks of the trade when they have a minute to rest. You know what else makes me know its a great place? The staff wear perpetual smiles. You dont get that at places people dont want to work. I would also like to recognize the bartenders, Shannon and Amber. They make eating here very enjoyable.The music is modern Italian music. Not some American New York or Chicago gangster stuff from the prohibition days. It just adds to my already visible Colgate smile. Dessert? Amazing! That is all. If you are a real foodie, you MUST try this wonderful place.
3	If you are into "fancy" pizza, this is the place for you. Personally, it may due to a lack of a sophisticated palate, but I wasn't a huge fan. I know plenty of people that that rave about the pizza here, but once was enough for me.
5	The pizza takes you right back to Naples! The pizza, pasta and desserts are all homemade! Best in town!
4	Awesome pizza! Napoletana style rocks! Great salads and paninis too.  Service can be hit or miss but the food is so good that we keep going back.
4	This review boarders on the 3-4 star range, so I'll just go with four.The pizza was alright. The crust was good, but like other yelpers have said, a little too soggy in the middle. I also wasn't digging the ricotta cheese they used on the pizza. Perhaps it was more authentic than I'm used to, or perhaps it was just gross. I'm not sure.Five stars for the tiramisu. Holy cannoli it was delicious! the best I've ever had. The layout of the restaurant was nice, and I enjoyed the Italian music playing in the background. It's a small restaurant, so make sure you call ahead and make a reservation if you don't want to wait.I will most likely return, but only for that amazing tiramisu and some wine!
5	Full review blogged:Crocchette Pugliesi:  With my dining partner interested primarily in the pizza I was left to decide on opening courses and although the focaccia and arancini sounded tempting it was this pair of fluffy nuggets that won me over; and thankfully they did not disappoint.  Featuring lightly whipped potatoes at outside edge with a lightly crisp coating each of these delectable bites burst with flavor as the interior housed a dense composition of house made Fior di Latte and Prosciutto Cotto.  Served alongside stewed San Marzano tomatoes and a light salad of grape tomatoes and spinach each bite was fresh and balanced - my only complaint being that there wasn't a half-dozen more.Gnocchi alla sorrentia:  Quite simply, good gnocchi is what every starch should aspire to be in my world and these gnocchi were sublime - each small dumpling so light that it threatened to float off the plate.  A dish so often over/under-done each of these fluffy balls was simply adorned with simple stewed tomatoes, torn basil, creamy Fior di Latte, and a light dusting of Parmigiano Reggiano before a quick trip to the oven produced a lightly caramelized crust.  If you go, this is a must order - and if I go back I'd love to see if they'd be willing to supplement the Bufala in place of the Fior di Latte.Bufala DOP:  Less the gourmand than myself but still knowledgeable of food it was suggested by my dining partner that he was going to order the Regina Margherita but more than happy for my suggestions an upsell to the Bufala DOP took little coaxing and while I cannot vouch to the quality of the Regina I can say without a doubt that the $3 fee was worth every penny as the weekly imported Mozzarella di Bufala Campana DOP Napoli's tangy funk and ethereal mouthfeel was notable in every bite.  Moving next to the crust (offered cut or un-cut by the kitchen in order to stick with tradition,) slow kneaded and just crisp enough on the edges to keep the rim steady and the center wet I particularly enjoyed the low smoky notes and although a bit more blister would have been ideal the simple garnish of unsweetened San Marzanos, Basil, and a touch of Parmigiano Reggiano was precisely what I'd hoped for walking in the door.Tirolese:  With my colleague ordering the pizza I'd have selected I decided to be a bit more progressive and turned to an equally well constructed pie featuring the same base but subsequently topped with Fior di Latte, Brie, and Speck Alto Adige IGP - a unique imported leg ham first salted and air-dried and then smoked, the flavor harkening notes of sweet, savory, and smoky all at once and perfectly balanced to the acid of the tomatoes by the creamy pairing of cheeses.  Most times a pizza purist when visiting a Neapolitan spot I have to say I may have enjoyed this one even more than the Bufala, though perhaps that simply speaks to the quality of the translucent layer of pork on top.Semifreddo Alla Mandorle:  No stranger to semifreddo but having never seen it delivered quite like this what arrived to my table was exquisite - a sort of 'ice cream sandwich' but without the ice cream or sandwich.  Featuring a delicate frozen mousse - think whipped cream but frozen - stuffed with chopped figs cooked in honey and rolled in crushed Amaretto Cookie this dessert was the very definition of light and refreshing, a fact furthered by a light drizzle of reduced strawberry and honey plus powdered sugar that made it sweet, but not overly so.Millefoglie:  Described by some as an Italian Mille Feuille and by others as the hand-held equivalent of a Napoleon this Millefoglie was quite different from the versions I'd experienced in Boston and Philadelphia, but with buttery puff pastry layers juxtaposing layers of pastry cream as well as cream Chantilly plus ample notes of honey and Amarena cherry it would be hard to say this wasn't the best Millefoglie I've ever had.  Far more dense than the semifreddo or a traditional mille-feuille but far less so than most napoleons I'd be hard pressed to describe a dessert I've had that is similar in flavor, though the overall texture was something like croissant meets baklava.The Verdict:  While some may contest that VPN certification is meaningless and I would tend to agree, if that is what it takes for 'Pomo to get people past the sub-par exterior and into the restaurant then I am all for it.  While perhaps not the best pizza in the Phoenix metropolitan area due to a little place called Bianco the pies at 'Pomo stand up to the best in all but a handful of cities and when you take into account the strength of the rest of the menu I think it likely ranks amongst the ten best Neapolitan joints I've been lucky enough to visit.
5	We've been to Pomo a number of times now and it is quickly becoming our #1 local Pizzeria.As others have said, the menu is full of interesting and tasty things (Crochette Puglesi among my favorites) and the pizzas are wonderful.  We really enjoy the Buffolina pizza but have found all the meats on other pizzas wonderful too. Service can be less than perfect - we've had servers appear at our table with other peoples food more than once, but the servers are also very friendly and most seem to know the menu items well.We really like the low key - up scale atmosphere too.  Eat early or make reservations... it can get pretty busy by 7:00.
4	Delicious pizza as if you're in a pizzeria setting. Good people.
5	What I Ate- Focaccia bread- 'Pomo pizza (San Marzano DOP, Fior di Latte, Italian sausage, roasted red bell pepper, sauteed mushrooms)- Cannoli Siciliani (chocolate and almond)- Torta Nutella (flourless chocolate hazelnut cake)Would I Go Again?'Pomo opened my eyes to the wonderful world of authentic Italian pizza.  The sauce, cheese, and toppings tasted so fresh and flavorful.  The cheese-to-sauce ratio was fantastic, and the thin crust didn't leave me exiting the restaurant feeling heavy.  The crust was delicious--doughy on the inside yet crisp on the outside, and it was lightly salted and seasoned.  I loved every bite.Now to the dessert.  Again...delicious.  The cannolis were great.  The riccotta cheese had a great texture, and the actual pastry was sturdy yet flaky.  I loved both the chocolate and almond cannolis.  The chocolate hazelnut cake was great as well.  Its texture was more like a pound cake, but I loved that it tasted fantastic without it being overloaded with sugar.  The cream on the side only enhanced every taste.  Loved 'Pomo, and I am looking forward to coming back!
3	Yet another visit, yet another soggy middle of the pizza.  This time it was very soggy and wet.  I did enjoy the sausage, salami and other toppings though.
2	Love the full wall mural of a of Napoli street scene when you walk in ... but  can't say the same for the pizza. I tried a simple Margherita pizza and was disappointed, and man I wanted this to be the real thing.  APN & VPN certified it may be, but quite simply ... it's missing the magic.Having been to Napoli, I have to call B.S. on all the people who say they tasted the real thing and claim this an authentic tasting Napoli pizza. Yes they have an authentic wood fried pizza oven, experienced real Italian pizza chef's, hand formed Italian flour dough, but somehow the taste is ... off! Perhaps its just "a matter of a few degree's" but that's all it takes with simple ingredients. First off the sauce tastes of canned San Marzano tomatoes with no seasoning. In Napoli they use vine ripened locally grown tomatoes and "fresh" olive oil. (Ok so thats a huge difference) I suspect the use of canned tomatoes is the reason the pizza is soggy in the center, I never had a soggy centered pizza anywhere in Italy.  The crust does not bubble up like it does in Italy, and it lacks the crispy bottom to chewy center that is the hallmark of all great pizza's. Finally the cheese & basil is nothing more than OK. Put it all together and the Pizza just tastes boring with a slight burnt taste that hangs with you even after desert. In Italy these same simple ingredients create a symphony off taste that explodes on your palate, hangs with for hours, and makes you crave even more.We also tried the Gnocchi, also a simple recipe, with a slightly better 3 star taste. However not good enough to make me return,  I like Tutti Santi's handmade Gnocchi better, try them both and you decide.The only truly authentic "Italian Style" pizza I found in Phoenix is uptown at Pino's Pizza, of coarse it's not on the menu.  While their standard menu Margherita pizza still knocks the socks of Pomo's APN, VPN certified pies.  If you're jonesing for "the real thing", and are up for an adventure ... head uptown some evening and ask to speak to Pino, politely request he make you a "Italian Style" Margherita pizza. You'll be glad you did!"Buon appetito"
5	Very delicious Naples-style pizza .This pizza is serious stuff.Vera Pizza Napolitana..  Crust, cheese, ingredients--everything was tasty.We had the margharitta first and then we went crazy with Bufalo pizza.The dough is like eating a cloud and it has the most perfect leopard spotting, they cook it in less than two minutes and you can taste the complexity of the wood-fired oven style.These people are PROS.The food was OUTSTANDING, as was the wine selection. I felt like my bill was very fair and will definitely be back when I'm in town again.
5	I am back in Pomo more times in last period so i decided to update my first review....Pomo still make authentic pizza like Naples. I hope my review can help people to understand Pizza Neapolitan is Not Italian Pizza...Pomo is truly certificate for make Pizza like Naples and NOT like Italy. Anyway after my last visit i can say...Pizza is beast and truly this pizza has soul I had bufala Pizza cause i don't like pizza too much topping and i can enjoy and taste pizza dough... over topping kill the flavor the of pizza in the same time pizza doesn't cook very well. I sugget don't put much stuff on it.After my Bufalo Pizza I had tiramisu' and it was delicious.  I am looking forward to coming back very soon.
5	Pretty close to the great pizza of Napoli. My husband lived in Sicily and we have visited Napoli for their pizza. We are very picky eaters and we love this place. We really love the pizza, just hate that is so far from us! The salads are also great and fresh. The ingredients are fresh. We really  like the cannolis. We are still searching for real Italian cannolis but this Pomo ones will do it for now. We have had a few different pizzas and salads and we have enjoyed everything with no complaints. The crust is perfect! Not hard, not too soft and you can taste the quality! Their fried pizza is a killer! Really good!We have only taken out food and they always made everything super fast. Very friendly staff too. The prices are very reasonable, although I would like the salads to be a bit larger for its price. I think I like Pomo better than Pizzeria Bianco and no need to wait 5 hrs! Thanks for the great pizza.Update: We have 3 little kids and my old is Autistic so sometimes is hard to eat out as a family but we don't ever have a break from the kids so they  try restaurants with us. We visited Pomo in person for a late dinner Saturday night. We were blown away with the amazing service and hospitality the servers and owner gave us. Even though the place was full, the owner came out right away and seat us. He got us drinks and the food super fast. He talked and played with my kids and came several times to check on us. We have since then come back several times. My husband practices his italian each time and makes his day! If great food was not enough, they are also family/kid oriented! 10 starts to Pomo for making it comfortable and enjoyable for our family.  Thank you for making it nice, specially for us the parents, that enjoy this type of experience when out with our kids. Pomo and Fogo the Chao are the only restaurants we visit often in Scottsdale. The staff is welcoming and the food keep us coming back!
1	I have to give this place a one star review. My first ever :( Mostly because I was unable to experience it. My Husband and I attempted to have lunch here Saturday afternoon but the service was awful. When we got there we were one of 5 total tables. We were sat down and then no one ever returned. Maybe there was a miss communication on who's table we were at but it was frustrating to sit there and see at least a half dozen employees doing busy work and still have no service. Sad part was we had our whole meal planned right down to our after desert drinks. My husband works for an all Italian company and is one of the few Americans on staff, they all follow the associazione verance pizza napoletana and he was thrilled to test out a new place to tell the guys about. Unfortunately we just walked out since i was unable to flag someone down after 30 minutes. Maybe we will try it out again and I can change this review but  I have a feeling it wont be for awhile.
4	We aren't experts on authentic Italian pizza, so we'll keep this review short...but we have to say that whatever they are doing here tastes amazing! We stopped in for a leisurely lunch of pizza, salad, beer, and cannolis. Could not have been happier with our meal...only downside was that the small venue was a little noisy and parking was a bit of a challenge. Coulda just been the day we went.
2	After reading the reviews, maybe our expectations were too high.  The food was ok, but pricey.  $160 for 2 cocktails, 2 glasses wine, 3 individual pizzas, 2 salads and 2 desserts.  I know this sounds petty but they set a basket of 3 slices of bread at a table  for 4 with our salads and when we asked for more bread they said there would be an additional  charge!  Tacky
5	The atmosphere was cozy yet chic. The pizza was amazingly delicious!
3	Is "ok" but we live too far away for just "ok".  Pizza had nice flavor, crust bit chewy, not crisp in the middle and mushrooms not great.   Full bar but cocktail could be better.  Dessert menu looks great.  Decent neighborhood place that got overhyped by our yelp brethren.
5	Could very well be one of the best pizzerias in America.  The owner is from Rimini in Italy.  He creates a truly authentic Napoletana pizza.  The ingredients are the highest quality and his pizza makers do a wonderful job.  You will not find better mozzarella, tomato sauce or crust anywhere.  This is not like NYC or Philly or Chicago style pizza.  This is like the pizza you get around Naples-soft and chewy with screaming good tomato sauce.I appreciate that the owner tries to keep a lid on the wine prices and all the salads and side dishes are delicious and high quality like the pizzas.  We live most of the year in Italy and this is the real deal.
4	There is a reason why this authentic pizzeria was lauded "Best New Restaurant" back in 2010 when it first opened.At Pomo, you are getting a truly authentic experience, with simple ingredients and a method of pizza making that has been in use for hundreds of years.From start to finish - from the photographs and murals of Italy on the walls, to the strong Italian accent of owner Stefano, to the Italian pop music piping through the speakers, to the open kitchen where you can see the home-made dough being levitated through the air, to the moment that pizza reaches your taste buds - all of your senses are engaged.What makes this pizza restaurant unique is the method in which the pizzas are prepared and fired.  Being fired at 950 degrees and cooked in a manner of minutes locks in the flavors and aromas of the ingredients.  The crust is soft, this being the nature of a true Napoletana Pizza. I feasted on the special that day, a white tartufo (truffle) pizza with fresh Parmesan and arugula.  The thin and gooey center, with the blistered soft crust made it an easy pizza to eat - the flavors from the simple ingredients were extraordinary.Upon reading further about the art of Napoletana pizzas, I discovered that there is an entire organization, the APN (Associazione Pizzaiuoli Napole- tani) that certifies restaurants for this type of pizza making.   According to their guidelines, the simple ingredients of flour, cheese, tomatoes and olive oil must come from Italy, and the pizza must be fired at precisely the right temperature.  Pomo is proud to announce that they are the only restaurant in town that has been certified.The average cost of a pizza is $15, and it is worth every dollar.   The menu boasts 16 different pizzas, ranging from the most basic Reghina Margherita (tomatoes, mozzarella, parmesan, and olive oil to the Capricciosa (mozzarella, tomatoes, artichoke hearts, mushrooms, and prosciutto).  Finish your meal with a sweet bite from the dessert menu to complete the experience.  I highly recommend the "Torta Nutella", a flourless chocolate hazelnut cake filled with Nutella.Overall, a truly wonderful and unique journey to Napoli.  Molto molto bene!
3	So I came back, this time we sat inside. The pizza was as expected (its napoli style)  Not the best Napoli style I've ever had but by far not the worst.
5	I made a reservation here for the night before my birthday. When we arrived, the people who were seated at our table refused to leave. I'm not sure why. They paid their bill and then sat there for about 40 minutes. We hung out in the bar area and waited about a half hour to be seated. The owner came out immediately to apologize and offered us free champagne. Of course we accepted. We ordered the bruschetta and the peppino pizza. The food was delicious. After we finished eating, we then were offered free shots and desserts in addition to the champagne. They definitely went above and beyond to make up for our wait, even though it really wasn't their fault to begin with. I will definitely eat here again.
2	The atmosphere was very loud and not the 'cozy" that some yelpers described.The pizza crust was soggy and limp.  The sauce tastes canned and doesn't seem to have seasoning.  The sausage and salami toppings were ok but didn't have that authentic Italian flavor.  The cheese on top was runny.I am really surprised at the other yelp reviews on this place as, despite it being so close to my home, I wouldn't go back.  We have so many fabulous pizza places in the Valley but, for me, this is definitely not one of them.
5	Scottsdale is lucky to have this place. I put it behind Bianco but just slightly. This is amazing pizza. Ya its thin and wet in the middle. Its supposed to be. Great ingredients. Great deserts. This is an A+ restaurant. Get the mushroom soup to start with it is so good. I've eaten at many of the top rated pizza places in the country and this is the real deal. Go and enjoy..
4	If there was an option to give this place 4.5 stars, I would. I really enjoyed the pizza here! Fun atmosphere, exceptionally friendly and professional service, and reasonable wait time for seating on a rather busy Saturday evening. Overall, a very nice evening of good food and wine in a nice, casual atmosphere. :-)
3	Where can you get a solid brick oven Neapolitan pizza, with all the pomp and pretense of any other upscale restaurant in Scottsdale?  At Pomo, of course.  Come in here and have some great pizza while enjoying the company of brats, poseurs, and waiters with fake Italian accents.I showed up just as the dinner rush was ending.  I wanted to say to the lady who was just leaving with her man, "Hey girl, that's a nice sports car you have there... I especially like the Chevrolet logo!"  There was a guy out front stowing the outdoor wine bar.  Inside were a bunch of people who looked like they think they are very important.  Well, you know how dining in this part of Scottsdale is.  You don't want to blame the restaurant for their clientele, but with the posh facilities and faux-Mediterranean architecture, this is definitely what they are going for.Anyways, on to the meal.  It was very difficult for me to get around the waiter with the fake Italian accent.  Yes, that's right, I'm onto you!  If your accent were real, you wouldn't have said... "Thank you!.... Gracie!"  You would've said it in Italian first and then corrected yourself!I asked if they would do a split pizza, because when I haven't been to a place before, I like to try a little bit more of a variety of options.  For some reason, it was like pulling teeth here... When they acceded to my request, he acted like this was some amazing feat the chef had just accomplished.  Really, he just had to throw different toppings on one half of the pizza than he did on the first.  Rocket science?  Not really.  Fine, make me pay $3 extra for the split pizza...BUT DON'T EXPECT ME TO BE IMPRESSED!As I left, I reflected on all of it... The pie, the fake Italian waiter, the completely misplaced ambiance.  This place has no soul.  And then I left, walking by the tables of diners eating it all up, probably thinking this is what it's like to eat at a family restaurant in Napoli.Seriously, though, it was a good pie.  Not the best in Phoenix by any means... We have local places that not only have better pies, but also lower prices and authentic old world charm.  This place would be nice to visit every now and then were it not so damn pretentious.
5	Outstanding!Great decor, what a pizza oven, and the pizza to die 4..Now lets open a branch office in Dana Point, please......
3	Real quickly, this is what we had and our opinions: bruschetta (lacked burst of flavor of which we are accustomed); carpaccio (was not thinly sliced or raw, rather tasted like thinly sliced salami); pizza (very good, but not to the crust, meaning we left the "ends"); Nutella tort (heavy like a brownie and delicious); tiramisu (light and delicious like it should be). Service: had two of three water glasses empty for 5 minutes before I gave up and asked for some more; meanwhile, 2-3 employees appeared to have been available to accommodate us.
5	Excellent, only they have a picture from Milan on the wall.   All food and wine is superb..., not to pricy and oddly the mushroom soup was really good....
5	Really great pizza and nice atmosphere,  different flavored pies thin crust brick oven an the crust is great to eat alone I finish a pie my self. The authentic taste will keep you wanting more salads are full of greens they definitely  do not cheapen out on the ingredients full menu and bar indoor and outdoor seating
4	Should have read the menu online. Didnt realize it wasnt Italian, but a Pizza place. Had lasagna and it was really good. But the service was best. Very helpful, pleasant and nice man served us outside. They mentioned they will be relocating soon and hope they add to the menu.
5	My previous review says it all when it comes to the meal and atmosphere, but it lacked an opinion on the dessert. Well, now I can add my opinion. Their tiramisu is the best I've ever had and I've had a lot of tiramisu! It's moist, flavorful and amazing. They also serve Nutella deserts, cream puffs and more. I've decided that dessert is a must here.
5	Amazing pizza! So glad we found this place. Try the diavola pizza, nothing can replace San Marzano tomatoes!:)
3	I've been to this place three times.  The first time I ordered a simple pizza with mushroom and sausage. It tasted good--great sausage, sliced not crumbled, good mushrooms, and a very good sauce.  Unfortunately, as other Yelpers have noted, the center crust was limp and soggy. As great as this pie could have been, overall the crust made it a fail.Second time, I ordered the "Pomo", but I asked for it crispy...it was awesome!  I usually don't like peppers on my pizza, but these were roasted, and possibly marinated, and they blended beautifully with the rest of the ingredients.Third time, I couldn't wait to try the Pomo again!  Ordered it crispy like before, and it arrived looking beautiful, with a deep golden brown crust.  Sadly the crustiness ended about two inches into the pizza.  Not only was the crust soggy, but the center was barely warm even though the cheese was melted.Overall, I don't really get it.  This place should be tremendous.  The APN certification, the excellent ingredients, the imported 850 degree oven, the Italian pizza chefs, all the pieces are in place for awesomeness.  I've been to Naples a couple of times, and NEVER had a soggy pie there, in fact, if there is one thing that characterized every one I've had, it was the CRUST.  The toppings were almost a bonus.I might give this place another try.  When the pizza is done right, it really is one of the top two or three in the valley IMHO, the consistency has been annoying however.  I suspect the issue is with the oven temp, but I'm not a baker...
3	Beware of reservations. On two ocaasins they were lost. The third one done thru open table was not lost but was for 7:15 and or outside. We were finally seated at 745 inside. Had to check with the less than helpful hostesses who seemed either overwhelmed or none to bright at least three times.  First was told it would be ready soon, then was told  they were paying the check THEN the table we were supposed to have was ordering  dessert. SAY WHAT? Was with another couple we had bragged about the food about.  It was a liitle embarrassing. Not sure we will go back.
5	Outstanding. Pricey, but hey it's Scottsdale.
2	Service was terrible Drinks went unfilled. Customers that came in after us, got their pizza before us. In the 2 hours we were there (yes, it took that long) the manager visited every table at least twice, but never once came to see us. In fact, he visited the table right next to use 3 times, since a two different couple sat there before we even got our meal. Too bad we don't speak Italian. The manager practically bent over backwards when his Italian friends showed up. I think most of our servers attention went to that table. Unfortunately, the showed up after we were already there an hour.. Pizza was good but service was terrible.
4	The perfect thin crust pizza! Friendly service, nice atmosphere. I can imagine this being my go-to pizza place if I lived in the area.
5	This is straight up the most authentic pizza I've had outside of Italy. If you're looking for large, thick, saucy, super-cheesy pizza you're not going to find it here. What you are going to find is traditional Napolitano pizza, a very thin, super-heated crust, a thin spread of San Marzano tomatoes (chunky, not like American style pizza sauce) and the best mozzarella you've probably ever tasted. Hands down fantastic, I can't wait to go back. On a side note, the desserts kind of suck. They tasted old, over-chilled and dried out.
2	Delicious pizza but the service was horrible. There is no sense of urgency in seating diners, takes forever to get a server to the table to take the order, and after serving the pizza, the waiter didn't check back for literally 18 minutes- not to bring cheese/peppers/napkins or refill the drinks. We didn't see anyone that would assist us for a very long time. Literally could have walked out of the restaurant without paying and I don't think they would have noticed for another 20 minutes. This is our second visit here and it's been the same experience both times. Bottom line, this is not a quick meal. Be prepared to wait. Next time, we're doing take out.
5	Awesome, authentic, Italian pizza!  I can't wait until they re-open!
5	I have spent a lot of time in Italy and never thought I would get the same pizza again.  I almost cried this was so authentic.  I am a fan of the Margherita.  I give this 5 stars, however, some of the other people in our group were not as happy with their pizzas.  The menu is kind of huge, and so if you don't order well it might not be as great for you.  But for me, this was reminiscent of my time in Italy.  I don't think they cut slices either, which was perfect for me since I like the traditional way of eating with a knife and fork.
1	Ha! Only in Scottsdale could this pass as pizza. The bruschetta was salty and soggy. The pizza was barely edible. The menu had misspellings on it...the prices were outrageous. I'll take Tessio's any day!
5	I have died and gone to pizza heaven.  No literally this place is pizza heaven!  My go to pizza is the Tirolese which is so good I really don't order anything else.  I am bummed that they are moving down town instead of staying in the Scottsdale area.  It is terrible the Borgata is being torn down to build condos but they were definitely a hidden gem in Scottsdale.
4	Now in downtown Phoenix, just as great.
5	My FAVORITE pizza in the world. Ok, I've never been to Europe but I've had a lot of great pizza and this stuff is to die for! We tried a couple of kinds of toppings and the crust is awesome. It's like chewy and not overcooked. Service is very friendly and helpful with recommendations, and they happily boxed up our plentiful leftovers to take for lunch the following day.
2	its slipped..pizza was too soggy this time. but the main issue was the waitress who seemed most interested in talking to hostess station. i had to walk over to her at that station to order dessert. no where to be seen come the check. nice space but maybe getting complacent with its own success.
