4	Not the same Domino's pizza I ate too much of in College. Vastly different and a major improvement! Ordering on-line couldn't be easier, and pizza was made exactly how I ordered. Piping hot, flavorful, better than average crust, nicely blackened in all the right spots, tasty toppings, robust sauce. Friendly delivery by John. Price is fair. Much, much better than Pizza Hut!
4	Easy ordering-on-line. Made exactly as I asked for. Piping hot. Sauce is SO, SO much better than their old stuff. Crust is like having an order of buttery-garlic soft bread sticks with your pizza. Delivery is super-fast, with charming, pleasant personality driver(s.) Our guests were apprehensive about eating Domino's from past experiences, and after the first bite, were practically inhaling pieces it was that good! I can tell that it is hand-made fresh. The dough is light and airy, the cheeses are tangy and savory, the meats are generous and better quality than most. My first choice in chain pizzas.
5	OK OK... as a Proud Italian I hope my momma don't see this! I'm actually going to give D'moes a 5 star rating for a few reasons. Last Friday, me and my 2 brothers left the suns game, and proceed to put a few "adult" beverages back. At around 2am, when Haney's shut down, we had an overwhelming craving for crap pizza (its better than our normal Jack in Box at 3am run that usually ends up with someone puking in the drive thru line because the smell of the taco sauce is so amazing). Low and behold, the ONLY spot that was still taking orders (up to 2am!) was D'moes. Now, 1st off - I live at Summitt (by BOB). These guys gladly delivered to me, all the way down there! Major props for that. 2 - They understood me... considering I don't remember ordering the pizza (I woke up to pizza and wings boxes all over my pad, and me saying "who ordered pizza" then I burped... wing sauce and vodka is a healthy combo. 3 - apparently, after checking my voice mail, the driver was pounding on our door for about 5 minutes (we were REALLY jamming out to Rock Band, in case you don't know, were pretty awesome. Wikipedia that Ish ladies and Gent's; Kansas City Bullriders). Well, the driver and my door man both called 3 times. I'm assuming the driver eventually came in and grabbed the bass guitar and strummed it out. Maybe he had a slice with us? Who really knows these things. However, I do know that I was insanely impressed with D'moes... from the left overs I ate the next when I could remember. It was pretty darn good. Between the awesome'ness that is called "their customer service" and the legit taste it left in my mouth, I'm a believer, unless, if I say I'm not, will I get a commercial?... hmmmm.... Potential there....
2	So Domino's is Domino's, right?  You must know what you are getting--I don't have to tell you the pizza, breadsticks, chicken strips, pretty good in terms of getting what you pay for.  However, this location gets the unfortunate privilege  of being my neighborhood locations (less than a mile from my house), and although this location has been prompt and delicious, this is more a review about the man himself, Mr. Domino and my online ordering experiences with him.My friends, why would you spend $17 on a Domino's pizza when Papa John's will give it to you for $11?.  Not to say I'm a broke hobo, but seriously, the difference in cost is a draft beer at a classy joint and 2 at the places I frequent.  My biggest irk with Domino's is that they advertise $11.99 Any Speciality Pizza and if you change 1 item, say you don't like mushrooms (not saying that's me, could be, not saying) and trade for something like black olives (even trade, no?  Sometimes I even end up with less on the pizza because I don't like meats all that much and substitute veggies).  So if you change 1 item instead of their $11.99 advertised special, all of a sudden the price is $16.99?  $5 for some f''in black olives?  Seriously.  I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed!  About the 3rd time this happened I finally put my foot down and looked up Papa John's website.  $11 any pizza, up to 7 toppings, any toppings.  Pretty much my BFF.PJ's.  Go for it.
3	never has crushed peppers! but the pizza ain't too shabby.
2	The pizza wasn't horrible,  but the deal was awful.  The prices are extremely high at Dominos in general,  and their medium 2 topping is a rip off.  Low rating is for price vs.  Quality,  and value.
1	I normally don't have a problem with Dominos--you pretty much know what you're getting for your money.Unfortunately, this Dominos, even though it is less than 3 miles away, won't deliver to my address. Not only will they not deliver, but they will take my order, ask me what the cross-streets are (so they KNOW how far I am), and wait 30 minutes before calling to tell me that they cancelled my order.They could have checked my address when I gave it to them, or they could have called and asked if I wanted to pick it up instead, but instead they simly cancelled my order--and didn't let me know until it was supposed to be at my door,
2	I don't usually write reviews for chains but this Domino's was bad, even for "fast food pizza" standards. Way too greasy, and it was definitely stale, old grease. Ended up throwing half the pizza out because it just tasted so bad. Cheese only was edible, but anything we had with toppings was bad. Not coming back.
5	I have always ordered pizza from dominos and the delivery have been so so. I'll get my food and it'll be okay warm and okay good. That's also might be due to the fact that I always get the same stuff. But TONIGHT I got something different. I got a hot sub, bacon and ranch sub. The delivery was really fast for once but the best part was that the food was super hot. It he food was so hot that u couldn't even touch it. Never have I ever gotten delivery that was super hot.  It was SO good ;-) extremely satisfied with the service and food. Thank you.
1	Worst customer service ever! The manager Jason is very rude and doesn't take ownership for HIS mistakes. Screwed up our orders 2/3 times we've ordered there. Won't be giving them business again!
3	Great pizza and nice drivers, but they have forgotten about $10 worth of sauces now so that's pretty annoying.
