5	This place has the charm and authenticity of Los Sombrero's, but the prices and comfort of El Bravo. The ingredients were fresh and tasty, and the dishes themselves were traditional but oh-so perfectly original. The chips they brought to the table were still warm and obviously cooked in house. The salsa rested comfortably in the range of spicy but not too spicy and bursted with flavor. Mucho Gusto is perfect for the Mexican food purist or out-of-towner that has never experienced true south of the border flavor. It has been selected as Best of Phoenix by the New Times and after checking it out, it's clearly well deserved.
5	Let me exalt your praises, Mucho Gusto. Don't blush darling. Our love will not remain in the shadows! Do you remember the time that you almost tried to set my boyfriend on fire? You put on an amazing little impromptu firework show when your misters got into a fight with that pesky string of lights, but you were kind enough to quell our fear and try to erase that memory with free alcohol, you wily little minx. You needn't delete him from the equation. We're usually game for a three way with you, Mistress Gusto.That was right when the two happiest hours in my otherwise hellacious day were coming to an end. You do know that between the hours of four and six, your warm embrace and sweet nectar are all I need to forget about the dramarama of the office. The memories of your hibiscus, tamarind and mango margaritas, frosty Dos XXs and generous glasses of sauvignon blanc bring a smile to my face, especially with a three dollar price tag.And you're always very gracious when I graze freely on the chips and salsa when I'm feeling frugal. I don't know what combination of chili and spices you sprinkle on your toasty little delights, but they're positively divine. Although they can't even hold a candle to your tasty salsa.To help keep me from acting like a lush, which would greatly embarrass me in your presence, you offer half price appetizers during happy hour. That guacamole of yours with the pomegranate seeds has a zesty twist, while your gigantic Mexican pizza and mountainous machaca nacho plate have lured large groups of my friends to your patio and bar on many an occasion. Sharing is caring, and you're trying to teach the world to be a better place, one shrimp cocktail at a time. When I'm feeling like a nice lunch or dinner instead of our usual rendezvous, your pozole always brings me happiness, with snow white hominy afloat in a sea of green and lots of tortillas to sop up that goodness. Your Colorado Stew is likewise as delectable, as are the Mexican street tacos. I especially dig how you let me mix and match three tacos, so I can add a red chili pork taco and fried fish taco into the mix!Your cute little bistro setting with the beaded lamps and cushy bench seating made a delightful setting for a first date, while your exemplary menu, service and specials has had me coming back ever since. It's a good thing I'm not the jealous type, because I want to share you with all of Tempe.
3	The margaritas and guacamole are my two favorite things about this cute, colorful Tempe restaurant. Be sure to try the strawberry margarita and the guacamole is an absolute must. It's sweet and has a unique taste. And when fall is in the air, be sure to enjoy this combo on the restaurant's darling patio. Mucho Gusto is a fun place to spend happy hour with a group of friends.
2	This is standard Mexican fare for the area.  Unfortunately, that doesn't mean it's good.  Generally, I eat the best food at home.  We have raw milk, raw butter, and raw cheese.  My husband of Mexican lineage cooks fabulous New Mexican food when he can procure true chiles from New Mexico.  We buy very fresh fruits and vegetables and meat from pastured animals or wild fish and shellfish. So whenever I go out to a "Mexican restaurant," I don't expect anything as good as I get at home.  Even so, I can't tolerate this stuff.  I ate lunch there, and it's sat in my gut like a rock ever since (5.5 hours now).  I had salsa & chips, and the enchilada trio (I believe I had a cheese one, a chicken one, and a pork one).  A $13 entree for lunch, which wasn't very good - too much for me to pay for something I can't digest very well.  Everything had an odd flavor, like it wasn't quite real food.  Yes, I only went once, and I won't be going back.
4	I have gone here a couple of times in the last few weeks and have to say we had great service each time.  We went for lunch on a Saturday afternoon and they only had one waitress working but she was attentive, personable and our drinks were always full.  I think the food here is good albeit a dollar or so overpriced.  I have had quite a few items but I can recommend the Red Chili Pork Tacos over everything I have tried so far.  The food is good quality and the salsa is reliably tasty.  These are two requirements for my Mexican dining needs.Another plus about this place is its sizable patio.  Nothing beats eating outside during our awesome  AZ winter.
4	great service. great drinks. unique and delicious menu.i've been here twice. once with adventurous eaters who loved it.and once with boring eaters who were still pleased.i highly recommend dining here!
5	OkI LOVE this place.Wussies beware though, its rather spicy.My favorite are the flautas appetizer.  Its enough for a meal for me.  Two large flautas are stuffed with cheese and beef, then drenched in a delicious red sauce.MMMMMM!!!!OMGThey also have this berry chimichanga type dessert.  I dream about it at nighttime.
4	I have been here many times, but not recently so I didn't feel like I could review it till I had been back.  First off great chips and salsa!  I have never been disappointed with anything I have had here...the big and little ass burritos are great... I have also had the chimichanga, tamales, and street tacos.  All were very good.  My only complaint was the service this time... extremely slow at lunch time.  I understand lunch rush... believe me I do... but you can't leave your table sitting for so long without coming by.  It took forever for anyone to initially come to our table and then she just disappeared.  It was kind of hot out and we were on the patio baking away.  I am being generous with the stars because you should really give it a try.  I am certain that the service issue was a fluke.
4	I dig this joint!  Stopped by because oregano's was jam packed.  So glad for that.  I had lunch with 4 buddies.  We had (Chris?), I think that is his name, (the owner of the establishment) order us 3 meals to split between 4 people.  Each of us had a drink and the bill with tip was 36bucks.  It was a Thursday in the middle of lunch hour and although I NEVER expect quick and decent service at a mexican joint, I was pleasantly surprised.  Our experience was 100% psotive and i would come back here in a heart beat.  unfortunately i cannot recall the exact meakls we had.  A fish taco of sorts...a meat taco of sorts and then another meal which 4-5 daysd later I cannot even try to describe what it was....sorry bout that.  Great experience, Great establishment..MUCH GUSTO to ya'll.
4	Take Erica's review,  add the sangria rocks! Whoohoo. Seriously I love the guac, anytime you add pomegranate you can't go wrong. Their carne tacos and chimis are delicious, the patio is great when the weather is nice.
5	Yum! I love this place. I came here for dinner once and really enjoyed my meal. The guacamole is great; it is $7, but worth it. I was in town again and went back here for lunch. Another good meal with good service.
4	Great margarita's, great food, great people. Low key hangout kinda place.can't go wrong.
4	Jalepeno margarita. Hibuscus margarita. Strawberry margarita.  Just a few of their homemade flavored margaritas.  I've only been here for happy hour, but the prices were good and the margaritas were great, we got some taquitos which were really good too, the sauce was to die for. I Can't wait to hang out on the patio. Only one thing, wish they were open on Sundays.
4	Mucho Gusto is a great little taqueria!  I've been there a few times before for dinner and drinks, but last night it was me and the ladies for margaritas.  Mucho Gusto was actually our second choice for the evening as Mill ave was packed with those silly Sun Devil fans (Bear Down!).  We each had a couple margaritas and munched on chips and salsa.  I really appreciate that they brought out a few bowls of salsa for the table so you don't have to reach for the drippy stuff across the table.  Chips were perfectly crispy and salty.  The margaritas were delicious and tasted homemade rather that the result of a store bought mix.  Service was friendly, but less than attentive.  We had to wait a bit for drink refills and when the server cleared our chips and salsa to bring fresh, he never brought the fresh chips or salsa.  Mucho Gusto has a great patio which is apparently dog friendly.  Another customer had his two dogs there.   I'm all about pet friendly, but these dogs were roaming the patio off leash.  Kind of strange for their owner and the staff to allow that.  Oh well, I suppose it just made it seem more authentically Mexican!
4	Went for happy hour the other day. $3 margaritas, $5 apps and all are delicious. Had the flautas and they were wonderful, shredded beef simmered for hours, so tneder and juicy, then stuffed into a tortilla and covered in a red smoky sauce...Two girls, 2 margaritas and flautas - 20 bucks, now that is happy hour!
5	I freakin' love this place.Still.Sure the service kinda sucks.Sure they're not open on Sundays and that's totally lameBut they're foodIts just so good!I recently had the garlic shrimp entree...... mmmmmmmmm...... SO GOOD!!! (and kinda healthy... so yay!)I love.
4	My new favorite Mexican place in Tempe. Love their tacos. Their menu only lists them individually, but feel free to mix and match. I usually go with one camarone and one pescado. The shrimp are small, but there are lots of 'em. And the chunks of fried fish are bigger than the taco itself. Portions are generous - I'd have to skip breakfast to be able to finish more than two. Service is friendly and efficient - easy to get in and out during your lunch hour. Also a great spot for happy hour.
1	Went to Mucho Gusto on Christmas Eve with family. It was a chilly night and we saw that it got good reviews on yelp, so we stopped in for a early visit- thought some good mexican food and a margarita would warm us up. Our wonderful plan was sabotaged by the worst hostess ever. It was early and the place was empty. We asked to be seated- there were 5 of us- and she proceeded to seat us at a 4 person table right next to the door (remember, it's cold outside, there are 5 of us, and the place is completely empty). As she was setting us up we asked to be sat at a larger table, farther away from the door. She gave us the death stare! My poor family, in from out of town, iced over by some evil control freak. She then reluctantly sat us at another 4 top (we had to drag over another table to fit us all in) and proceeded to complain to the server (within earshot of us) about us, pointing and rolling her beady little eyes. It was then we decided that it just wasn't worth it- we left (with no apologies from any of the other staff) and went to Z-Tejas instead. I would have much rather supported a local establishment, but there is no need for that kind of tude, especially on Christmas Eve!
4	The meal I had here was very good (I had that Barra Vieja shrimp), though not spectacular.  The mashed potatoes were probably the best part.  What struck me was the vibe of the place.  Granted, it was 8:30 on a Monday night and the place was more or less empty.  But there  was a snarky, fedora sporting bartender playing cards with the wait staff and a drunk patron, employees drinking at the bar after hours, a random dog running around, a primered chevy pickup and a neat row of bicycles in the parking lot.  The vague disinterest in customer service might have been due to the fact that the place was empty, and there's almost certainly a contingent that would find this off-putting, but it worked for me.  In contrast to several other reviews, my food came out very quickly and my glass was never empty for long.  This is probably a place I would frequent if I lived in the area.
1	Craving Mexican food (Friday night around 6:30 pm), looked on line for restaurants close by and found Mucho Gusto.  Had good reviews.  Ilk!  Walked in thru back parking lot.  So cute!  The patio is lighted nicely and reminded us of Los Sombreros.  Not at all the same.  The two of us asked to be seated outside and had to wait 5 minutes for the hostess to seat someone that we didn't see.  So we sat and waitress came over pretty fast.  Ordered just Coke and Sprite with guacamole.  The reduction sauce that came around it sounded interesting.  Chips and salsa were alright.  Small bowl with small bowl of pureed sauce.  Smokey sauce.  Alright.  Not too spicy but did have flavor.  Chips were not warm or cold.  Did NOT seem super fresh or stale.  I don't believe ANYTHING is deep fried here.  They have no grease vat in back.  Things on the menu say, "Pan fried".  That proves it, we think.  Guac. was fine.  I make better at home.  How can you really mess up avocado, onions and tomato?  The sweet nutty sauce around the edges was interesting.  Not something I'd HAVE to have again.  Good chips would have made the quac. more fun.So, the food seems kind of healthy because they don't deep fry anything on-site.  We waited a long time for drinks and food.  Ordered a second and third bowl of chips and and a second sauce.  I got the enchilada trio with one of each, carnitas, chicken and cheese.  Yuck.  The corn tortillas were not soaked in the canned enchilada sauce.  Came out almost cold.  Both meats were just something they had prepped sitting in warmed containers that could have been scooped and put in those tortillas easily.  No care in making the meat.  Wasn't horrid, just alright.  It was all cubed rather than shredded, which I didn't like.  The cheese was hard in the 3 tortilla.  I think it was jack.  Nothing special.  Enchiladas were covered with that canned red sauce and shredded ice burg lettuce and sour cream that had been squirted on out of a squeeze bottle.  They try.  Spanish rice was medium.  The BEANS were atrocious!  I have had better at Taco Bell.  They really seemed reconstituted.  I am serious.  Powdered beans made soupy with water.  They were the worst!  That is bad, because even if everything else is awful, I always appreciate good re-fried beans.  What a disappointment.   Husband ordered the Garlic Shrimp Amaretto.  They came out warm/cold too.  There were a good number of them.  Sweet white sauce on shrimp was weird.  They are trying to be interesting again, but it didn't work out here.  Those mashed potatoes that some reviewers like or hate?  I think they are kind of nice.  They seem to be real potatoes.  They are orange and taste a little like the green chile potato from Richardson's.  Veggie on the side were firm and steamed.  Pretty good.Waitress was nice and thanked us for being patient overall at the end.  She paid attention to drink, chip and salsa refills.  Took away old plates.  The bill was $44.32 and that is too much for what we got.  Didn't even drink!  Price is too high for quality of food.  Not going back.  Would not recommend to friends.  Not authentic Mexican food.  Not interesting.
1	Mucho Gusto es mucho mierda. Let me say first, that the place is cute, the staff is friendly, and the salsa is good. There. I'm not being a total jerk. The food, however, left much to be desired. I couldn't find much to like about my chicken tacos- they were ok, but the meat didn't have much flavor, there was no cheese, and they were pretty stingy with the guacamole and pico. What really got me was that they didn't come with rice and beans. Instead, I got a lovely pile of cheap bagged romaine coated in some sort of caesar-ish dressing. Sure, there were a few cubes of cheese and a tomato slice (A slice!) on top, but come on. $14 for a couple of naked tacos and a pile of romaine? For that much, they could have at least picked the white core parts of the lettuce out of my salad. Or, I dunno, sprinkled a little cheese on the tacos?The story was much the same with the fish tacos, only the salad was different. The enchiladas seemed to be a hit, and those are served with rice and beans. the vegan at the table ordered a side of rice and beans for her meal, and they aren't kidding about it being a side. I think my cat's food bowl is bigger. They charge $1 per bowl if you want more chips. I know $1 isn't a big deal, but it's just the principle. I already felt ripped off from the entree, so the extra charge for the chips just made it worse. Needless to say, I won't be going back. There are far better choices closer to home.
1	Mucho gusto es much malo, mucho dinero por much nada.Our order: 2 fish tacos, comes with salad $14.2 chicken tacos, comes with salad $12.A second round of chips is an extra dollar.The food was ok, but at those prices should have been spectacular or at least filling.If only if is was possible to review somewhere and give them no stars.Mucho Gusto would be it.
4	Big fan.  Not traditional mexican, but more like Nuevo mexican.  The flautas are the best.   Love the sauce.The tacos are OK, the fish ones are the best.The crab topped snapper is also very good.
5	I can't believe all you crazies giving this place 1 star. This is the best TexMex in the East Valley. It's got a great anti-Tempe vibe right in the heart of Tempe, and that's really refreshing. Plus, the food is ace. Who cares if the service is lame? They bring me my food and drinks and an endless supply of chips and salsa, so I can't complain. Those it's mostly ASU kids manning the tables, it's not an ASU-heavy crowd. It's eclectic and has a great tiny bar when full. The patio scene is one of the better spots in Tempe. I love it when it's a bit chilly outside and they have the fire going. You're right on University, but you feel like you're in your own special nook. Don't skimp on the food. They use organic veggies and farm-raised meat, and it shows. I'm a sucker for the Steak Ranchero, but I've had at least half of the menu at one time or another, and I've never had a disappointing meal. And the margaritas are top notch. Where else can you find a friggin' tamarind margarita? C'mon people. Head in for happy hour and thank me later.
5	After living in Tempe for 5 years I finally discovered this place just a few years ago and it's been a solid Lunch experience ever since. I can't say anything for the dinner crowd, but get here before 12pm, order off the lunch menu and you'll have a healthy portion of fresh delicious Mexican food in under 10 minutes. I normally get the Half-Ass Burro, that comes with an excellent side salad and am stuffed every time I leave. I can also say for a great strong margarita pull up a seat at the bar, have some chips and enjoy. Without a doubt this is a perfect break from status-quo fried, rice and beans dishes normally found in the Valley.
1	Catchy name.  Nice location.  And I love Mexican food;  I eat it all the time so I know what good Mexican food is...and isn't.  Despite the food looking the part, all of the things that make Mexican food Mexican food were missing from Mucho Gusto's machaca...like taste.  So to me having to pay the prices their menu items command is not worth it.  Not only is the food sub-par, but the prices are inflated.  Much Gusto is overhyped and you will pay a premium for the not-so-goodwill.  I will not return.
3	I've been going here for lunch for 3-4 years (on average a couple times a month)...and in that time it seems to be on a slow decent downhill.I used to think it had the best fish tacos in town but over time the once crispy flavorfil fish turned ever so slightly soggy.Pluses:good salsagreat ice teachips are good but there are better out thereMinuses:Eaten here for dinner twice and been dissapointed both times.Service is sometimes dicey
4	I had a great lunch experience there last week. The Posole & grilled fish tacos were perfect!  The ambience is nothing to write home about but the food makes up for that.  Get here early because indoor seating is limited. I actually saw a business man running across the parking lot to get in before me. Haha
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Tempe.  The deciding factors: the food and the atmosphere. The food is Contemporary Mexican/Mexican Fusion. At least that is the best way I can come up with to describe it. But perhaps an example would do better: their guacamole appetizer is surrounded by Gran Marnier. It is unique and amazing. As for atmosphere, they have a nice patio that is walled off from the street and parking lot and decorated with fun strings of lights.  Inside, it has a cool lounge-y feel with contemporary Mexican artwork.  The service is very nice and friendly; our favorite waiter is a self-defined music nerd who was really sweet and enthusiastic.
3	I have lived practically across the street from this place for years and years and have always wanted to try it.  The Yelp reviews looked promising and I'm always up for something new and local.  Plus, I picked up a $25 Restaurant.com certificate for like $4.  PLUS, if you go to the Mucho Gusto website you can get a coupon good for one free margarita per person.  What a steal, right?We went on a Thursday night at about 7 and the place wasn't that crowded.  We opted to sit outside on their great patio because the weather was perfect.To start we each ordered a house margarita which were excellent.  Not too strong and not too sweet.  We also ordered the guacamole  which looked interesting and because of the recommendations here on Yelp.  It wasn't the best I've ever had but it was very good.  The Grand Manier jalapeno reduction they drizzle over it gave every bite a slight sweetness,  but I'm not sure that I am totally into sweet guacamole.After the appetizer we ordered another round of margaritas.  This time we opted for one of their specialty "flavor infusions" in each of our drinks.  I don't remember what flavor each of us ordered, but you really had to pay attention because the flavor was very subtle.  It was good.......but subtle.  Next time I'm just going to stick to the regular.For our entrees we ordered the machaca plate and fish tacos.  The machaca was just ok.  The size was good and the flavor was ok, but all in all it was just eh.  The fish tacos were a lot better but very pricey for what you get.I'm not sure if I would rush back to eat dinner there again but I do want to return.  A lot of their other menu items sounds excellent and worth a try.  I will be definitely back in the near future to test out their happy hour which I hear is very good.Our server was very fast and friendly and I have no complaints in that department.  I also cannot believe they accepted both our free margarita coupons and the Restaurant.com certificate.  Our $60 dollar bill turned into a $20ish dollar one which was great.  And yes...I tipped on the entire amount of the bill before the discounts.
5	Situated in a gorgeous Southwest inspired building on University, this gem has become a favorite of mine for several reasons.  First is the building itself.  You see, the way the light from the sunset pours over the stucco walls and onto the polished cement floor and the dark wood throughout, highlighting the beautiful concoctions in your glass and on the walls, well, that is something which can't be replicated.  To sit and sip a fresh-lime juice Margarita as the light fades from the day, ah.Second, every thing I've eaten here has left me wanting more.  In a sea of mediocre Mexican, M.G. stands out as a clear favorite of Phoenix.  I believe the quality and quantity of dishes here blows away your Barrios and Gringos, sure you pay a bit for it, but the Guac is topped with a Grand Marnier and Jalapeno reduction!  Are you kidding me!?!Third, and maybe most important, is the excellent Happy Hour that has become a staple of my diet.  Margs and beers for $3, Apps for $5.  The Apps list is large and diverse enough to get me coming back once a week for a year now.  The $10 nachos are $5 at HH and are huge. The rosemary mexican fry-bread pizza is so filling and tasty I can only eat half. The gringo quesadilla comes with a delicious salad topped with queso fresco and corn salsa. Glory!I understand all of the lack-luster reviews here, the prices are a bit high for dinner, but the work that goes into what they do must be the cause.  There are a few of over priced, "fancy" dinner places in Tempe, Mucho Gusto is fairly priced, great at Happy Hour.Special notes: 1.  The staff is a collection of sweet and hip folk.  Fletcher, the bartender, is a cool cat who'll bend over backwards for you to have a good time.  2.  The guacamole gets a mention again.  It is my favorite in the world. 3. They make a drink called the Mexico City mule, which they special order a ginger ale for, you can't order the ginger ale separately.  The drink is awesome, tequila, ginger and cucumber... try it.
1	I found this place painfully disappointing. I have heard others praise it but it so boring. The food lacks imagination and complexity. When we arrived the mood lighting was so low that we could not see the menus- we actually had to hold them up to catch the light- we joked about it at the time but it was very annoying. I ordered a vegetarian burrito and found an abundance of beans and cheese accompanied by about 2 tsp of avocado and a dash of salsa. It was not in any way worth the money.  In addition, my friend ordered surf and turf and got 3 small shrimp and a small steak... I mean really the guy paid $20 for the meal, they could have at least given 5 measly shrimp. On the positive side, the building is pretty and they do give you a dessert if it's your Birthday. I'm not usually very critical but this place needs an honest critique. Don't go to this "Mucho" over priced "Bistro."
3	The fact that they have Negra Modelo on Tap is a good sign.The Atmosphere is phenomenal, and the house red salsa is probably the best in phoenix. The Salad that comes with the tacos is light and delightful. But the only thing worthy in the entire menu are the red pork tacos. the pickled red onion salsa that comes with the tacos is amazing but missing that habanero kick.. Order a Pacifico Michelada and you'll forget that you're in Phoenix.
5	Great food and atmosphere. Outdoor seating is very nice as well. The quality of the food is suberb and received a delicious and unexpected side salad with my meal. Outstanding salsa and guacamole as well.
4	Definitely tasty.Stuck in Phoenix for business and this place came recommended.The mole is a little sweet but the salsa is flavorful and has a little heat.I ordered the slow cooked pork with beans and rice and it was delicious.  Actually the beans had a little different flavor than what i'm used to but I chalk that up to local flavor. The rice to was a little spiced had a couple pieces of corn an carrot and actually had flavor.  I ordered a side of chopped jalapenos for spice and mole because it's my favorite sauce and I like to sample it everywhere I go.  As I mentioned it was a little on the sweet side but very tasty.
4	Great food - the salsa is flavorful spicy without being too hot.  The food is innovative yet authentic.  One thing I've learned is that if you get served "orange cheese" you're not in a REAL Mexican restaurant!  The service can be lacking at times, but generally they are on top of things and - especially for lunch - they can get you in and out of there fairly quickly.
5	A-MMM-A-A-A-ZING!!! Seriously folks, this place makes some freaking awesome food and margaritas. I literally feel like bursting into song when I get to eat here (and after a few margs, I do).The only knock that could possibly be given to this place is it's service. It is hit-and-miss. But seriously folks, what do you expect in a college town?My suggestions are going during happy hour for a homemade margarita at a killer deal. Also, for eats, you can't go wrong with the Steak Ranchero or the Mole Chicken. Both make me salivate just to type their names.Fortunately if you are starving, it helps that their salsa is righteously good. So, go there soon or run the risk of me beating you there and eating yours too.
4	On recommendation I dropped in for dinner.  The atmosphere was very nice.  An outdoor terrace was very cozy, and indoors the bar was relaxing and personal.   I ordered the Guacamole on recommendation which features a Gran Marinier reduction sauce atop a chunky mound of goodness in a generous sized portion.  Very nice.   I ended up using it along with the rest of my order, which consisted of the Muchaca and Cheese Flautas in a red sauce.  These were extra large and delicious.  I enjoyed having these with the guac and probably could have stopped there, but alas I also got the steak tacos which were perfectly cooked (seared) chunks of marinated steak with the normal fixings and came with an interesting tomato tortilla soup which was a little too "tomato soup" like for me, but still was good.  I paired it all with a Negro Modello that was on tap (nice!).   Heradura and Patron is available to those with a few extra dollars, but that wasn't for me this evening.   The ingredients were all very fresh and very well prepared.  I would definitely come again.
4	A to the power of two for realBrought me to here for a dealLovely service taverna setIn or out left not one regretFound tacos of white cornFish, beef,or pork tornWhat salsa heats my heart inside"More chips!" My hungry heart criedI can't believe I've been deprived henceAnd the ambiance made crazy senseIf my restrictions did not limit my hunga'I would've downed a chimmichanga'I could see plates full of yumminess piled highHow could i show up here on a diet, why?A bit pricier than the average taqueria spotThere's so much love mixed in this hot potI need to say that a fifth star is not illusiveJust wish it had drinks more inclusiveI'll return not just because its on Hardy at MitchellBut because it's food speaks my name, Mitchell....Ok... so the rhyme is corny but the experience is not.Don't miss this gem tucked away in Tempe...just don't make it hard for me to be seated!
5	Just off University, but manages to feel like a little hide-away, and pulls off an enticing mellow atmosphere, suitable for intimate conversation.Fish Tacos and a Margarita again please! How many times before I can force myself to experiment?
5	Daughter attends ASU and when we visit, we ALWAYS eat at Mucho Gusto.  Their mole is the best I have ever had and their Hibiscus margaritas are seriously addicting.
3	It has been awhile since I reviewed Mucho Gusto.  I always used to come for lunch and was never disappointed so thought it would be a good place to meet a friend for drinks and a little food after work.  It was alright... the service was actually pretty bad. I did hear the waitress serving the table next to us that they were short staffed so I guess I can cut them a little slack.  Beyond that though the food was not that memorable this time either and my dinner companion agreed:).    Doesn't mean that I wont come back  I will give them another shot sometime soon:).
5	Easily one of my favorite place in Tempe.  The food is great and a bit original (not your basic south of the border fare).  The atmosphere is nice too (pleasant but with a bit of attitude).  I love Mexican food and these people do it with a unique flare that is worth checking out.  I have been there for lunch a dozen times or so and dinner a few times and never once disappointed!The only complaint I might make is their parking lot is too small (when that is the worst you can say they are not doing too bad).In summary great food, great atmosphere - a great place to hang out with friends for a quick or a long dinner - whatever you are feeling like!
1	This was my second visit and it will be my last. The first time, a few years ago, I went for my birthday and it was ruined. It took forever and the food was horrible. Decided to give them a second chance. I give up.We went last night around 6:30 p.m. and told them we had to be to a show at 7:30 p.m. and asked if it was enough time. The waitress said yes, and at least she was quick getting the food out. Too bad we didn't have time to abort mission and go somewhere else after we took one bite. The food tasted terrible but we ate it anyway, and both my husband and I had some digestive issues today.This should have been a clue that the kitchen is not up to par: The menu lists taco plates that come with 2 tacos and either salad or tortilla soup. I asked if I could order a plate with one machaca taco and one carnitas taco. The waitress said no, not at dinner; only at lunch. Huh? So I got the carnitas and hubby got the machaca so we could share. He was concerned 2 tacos wouldn't be enough, so the waitress tells him we can order another taco a la carte. Any kind? Yes. So he gets a grilled fish taco (which came out deep-fried, and of course, the waitress didn't notice, and we didn't want to wait for a grilled one). Why can we get tacos a la carte but we can't split the order? This is one of those arbitrary rules that cooks make up that piss off customers and don't do anything to make the kitchen more efficient.So, the food. The tortilla soup was a disgusting bowl of thick orange goop and I sent it back and got the salad with honey-lime vinaigrette, which tasted neither of honey nor of lime, but more like your basic balsamic. The tacos were two corn tortillas (each) with a big pile of mushy, greasy, salty meat -- no onions, cilantro, or cotija. The carnitas came with a few small strands of pickled onion and the machaca had some past-its-prime guacamole -- gee, thanks. The meat was cooked to death, to the point where I couldn't even tell the difference between the pork and the beef. As I said, the food came out fast, but why wouldn't it, when it was obvious all they had to do was scoop out a big ladleful of meat onto tortillas? Not exactly haute cuisine here. After we finished eating, we sat around for almost 15 minutes waiting for our bill, but the waitress was now MIA. I ended up going inside (we were on the patio) and asking the bartender for our bill. The waitress was at the server stand talking with another waitress and overheard me and I could see the look on her face of "Oh, yeah! These people wanted to get out of here in time for a show!"I do not know what everyone else is eating here to give such glowing reviews. This has to be one of the worst Mexican meals I've ever had. No me gusta Mucho Gusto.
3	Surprised about all the talk regarding atmosphere.  All I got was the constant hum of traffic going up and down University.  Decent vibe and above average Mexican.  (Improve on the chips/salsa.  They seem very half-hearted.)If I'm in the area come feeding time it is in the equation, otherwise probably not worth the effort.
5	This place is awesome. I actually worked there back in college, and having seen how the place operates, I know it's good. Everything is made fresh. Seriously. The syrup for the hibiscus margarita is made on premises with real hibiscus flowers. They even make their own mozarella, chorizo, chips, salsa.  The few things that they have to buy (like cotija cheese), are high quality.  My favorite item was chorizo and clams in an adobo broth with rosemary fry bread. It was so good, and 1/2 price during happy hour. The fish tacos with the pineapple salsa, jalapeno slaw and chipotle crema were sooooo delicious and the red chile pork ( super spicy) too. The maragaritas are great, made with fresh ingredients, and the owner and managers really love food and care about the quality of what's going out. The wine list is great and super affordable. The only thing I never really cared for was the shrimp cocktail- had a "ketchupy" taste to me, oh well. The enviroment is really relaxed, very much a neighborhood bar. As for the some of the negative reviews, much of the menu is designed to be similar to food you would find in Mexico City, not Filiberto's, so there are some things that would be considered unusual if you were looking for standard tex-mex. And as for service, I always thought that it was good. Bar service is probably best, b/c the bartender is always there. Most of the servers at any restaurant in Tempe are ASU students, so service is always going to be a little relaxed. All things considered, the food and drink are amazing. Oh and the patio is super romantic at night, with all of the lights, there's even a fireplace.
4	We went here for one of our monthly lunch places.  Plenty of parking in the lots or on the streets.  We sat in on the patio.  It was nice weather and great service.  I ordered the chicken quesada (red peppers, chicken, bacon, & cheese).  It was huge.   1/2 of the order was good enough for me.  Good lunch!  YUM!
3	Mucho Gusto is like that girl who if she just put out a little more effort she would be the love of your life but she never does. Mucho Gusto has so much potential but zero consistency. Now I have gone here probably five times and have had different experiences every time. Sometimes I get great food and great service then other times, like when I went for lunch today, I walk away disappointed. Overall the food here is decent. I typically go with the Trio Chicken Tacos with a side salad. They are a good size that will fill you up without giving you that afternoon food coma. The only negative is sometimes the salsa is too runny which makes the tortillas soggy and kind of gross.  The atmosphere is decent. It does have a good patio when it's not to hot to sit outside. However sometimes they play the music so loud you feel like you're at Que Club on Mill. If you looking for decent Mexican food in Tempe Mucho Gusto is your spot.
4	Who knew this was the cool hipster hang out?  Went there on a Friday night during a pseudo reverse happy hour for the Suns game.  We ended up getting five apps to split among four people.  Everything was delicious!  The machaca & cheese flautas were amazing.  We actually got one order then ended up ordering another after tasting them.  The fundido is equally delicious.  If you like guacamole, don't miss out on their version, which includes a jalapeno and Grand Marnier reduction.  Wow, so good!  Service was good.  Margaritas were strong.  And (best of all and of no relation to the restaurant whatsoever) the Suns won!
2	I was severely disappointed in this place. First of all, our waitress was absolutely horrible!!! She was so inattentive and it took forever to get things from her. Now on to the food... I ordered half ass burrito which is supposed to come loaded with rice,beans,pico,guacamole,cheese,and a choice of meat. My burrito had hardly ANYTHING in it. All the fillings were nonexistent except for the rice(which in itself was mediocre at best). I was so irritated at the lack of EVERYTHING in my burrito. I literally had two tiny pieces of meat in it. I didn't finish, and left hungry. To top it off, my food was lukewarm. I would definitely not go back here again. I didn't  want to make a fuss at the time because we were with some friends, but I should have sent it back.  The only good thing was the chips and salsa.
3	Good looking place.. have always wanted to check it out.  Finally stopped in... strong menu.  Wasn't too crazy about my shrimp quesadilla.  Not bad, just basically a cheese crisp with shrimp.  But the menu choices make me want to try again.
4	I've been told by others that this place is great. I was a bit worried about it not living up to the hype. This afternoon I got to try it for myself. First off, this isn't a "typical" Mexican restaurant. You won't see rugs and sombrero's scattered on the walls or hear mariachi music. It has a nice warm feel, beautiful patio, and comfortable atmosphere. There are many options on the menu and in my option Mucho Gusto serves Mexican food with an edge. A great edge. The salsa has a kick and the guacamole is by far one of the best I've had. I ordered 2 tacos (fish and carne asada). It was served with a side salad vs. beans and rice like most places. It was a nice and tasty touch and I left feeling good for eating my greens. This is really a 4.5 star in my opinion and will most likely be a 5 star after I try more on the menu.
4	cool atmoshpere. very pleasant and relaxing. menu prices are higher. they averaged $12-$14 a person. the food was very good. they do a different take on mexican food and have many choices on their menu that are not the typical mexican dishes. they add seafood and you can immediately see and taste the quality of the food. i just thought it was pricey. they have a full bar with happy hour prices and a nice outdoor patio for sitting. if you want a very good and different mexican food experience, this is your place. however, it is more expensive then alot of mexican restaurants. they belong to restaurant.com, so you can get huge discounts on certificates for eating there. good all around place. i just didn't the like the more expensive pricing.
3	We were craving Mexican food and this place was close by and I had been wanting to try it. Sitting on the patio is much nicer then inside, although there is the constant traffic noise. I ordered the three enchiladas, chicken, pork, and cheese. The flavor was very standard considering the price. The Chicken was the best of the three. The cheese had no flavor at all. Chris D. ordered the Gaucho tacos. They were really good! Beware of the strong garlic flavor that will make you wake up in the middle of the night to brush you teeth. The chips and salsa are good. The service, however, was very inattentive. Luckily we had a restaurant.com certificate. I would not dine here without some type of discount. It is just not worth the high prices for average Mexican food.
5	Great margaritas, good selection of tequilla, tasty fresh food and good abmiance
3	I always test Mexican restaurants by their guacamole. I'm happy to say that Mucho Gusto passed that test. It's delectable guacamole came topped with a Grand Marnier jalapeno reduction... delicious!I ordered a chicken kabob-type dish (sorry, friends, I can't remember the official title). It was good. Not amazing.Our waitress wasn't very attentive as our water glasses were never refilled.All in all. The food was good, but I wasn't impressed by the service.
4	I dated a chef for five years.  I learned how to chop onions and find good places to eat and act smug when we got sent special food out.  About three years into our relationship she helped open up Much Gusto.  She was a "creative consultant" for the menu and our roommate was the restaurant manager.  We also knew the chef she was working with and I often recall this chef as I dine there, who once told me a story with his thick Mexican accent about doing shrooms in Mexico and then burning all of his pants.  She only helped open the place, working ridiculous hours for about a month, and then when the kitchen and menu were in order she moved on. Even after she moved on from the opening, Mucho was a go-to place for a while.  Out roommate ran the place so one holiday when the restaurant was closed we got to go in there and cook our holiday meal in their kitchen, partake in the bar goods and act like big shots having the place to ourselves.  I have a million memories of staying after hours around the fire, on the patio, drinking vodka tonics and talking about food and music and people.  These are fond memories, so perhaps my review of the place as a current dining experience might be biased.  But I don't care, I'll always love Mucho. This was many years ago, I believe the owner is the same but the menu has changed, the chef has changed and we've been broken up for many years; she slings food at FnB and I date boys now instead of girls.  What's odd though is that despite it being a spot which was a staple in my past life with her it has upheld the test of time and become one of the boyfriend and I's favorite places for good food and tasty margaritas. The best thing you can order at Mucho are the flautas.  These are absolutely perfect; juicy and spicy and perfect with this tangy, thick sauce that kills me every time.  We also never fail to order the Quaso, as melted cheese with tortillas are just perfect in making you feel fat but also releasing two millions endorphins.  Most times we visit Mucho we split an order of the Quaso and an order of flautas and it's the perfect amount of food.  The margaritas are always well prepared and it's worth it to have like four if you go for happy hour.  The salsa is actually spicy and the bus boys are way better at refilling your empty chip bowl than the servers.  Another thing I love about Mucho is that they play good music.  It may seem menial, but the stupid mainstream bullshit music that makes its way into most upscale-yet-not-fine-dining places is repetitive, crappy and mostly annoying.  I've heard Mucho play some bands I wouldn't normally expect to hear in such a place, and am always surprised and pleased by it.  As in, "holy shit they're playing old school Modest Mouse.  Weird."The only complaint I have about Mucho is, of course, the service.  It's true what the other reviewers say, the service is slow, all the hot chicks that work there seem a little dumb, and you always have to wait forever for more drinks and sometimes they just plain forget.  Usually when we go to Mucho we're planning on hanging out for a while so it's not such a huge deal to wait, but I can understand how it gets annoying.  They need to stop hiring hot chicks and hire some smart people instead. Recently, I went to Mucho for my 25th birthday, probably about five years after my first visit to the opening, and ate on the patio with a couple of close friends and partook in a cozy and memorable dining experience.  But like I said before, I'm biased.
3	If you could give 2.5 stars for this place I would since it was exactly mediocre. Some things good, some things bad. We walked in on a Thursday night and there were a couple people outside (even though it was in the 40s, 50s) and approximately 3 people inside. Very quiet. There was also no music playing, so it added to the quietness. Later, we heard some clicks and an ipod came on with some random selections and then the rest of the night there were the sounds of their computer restarting on their stereo system. A couple people at the bar also, and some guy on his computer there. We ordered a couple drinks as it was $3 wine night, which we liked. They had some selections of good wines too for the 'house' wines..i.e. viognier for $3. Took forever to come and the waiter was downright bizarre. Kept mispronouncing food on purpose and then cackling wildly about a joke he had made. Guacamole was good, if salty, but I like salty. The Grand Marnier on it added a nice touch. Main courses came out before we were even half done with the appetizer which I find intensely annoying. Husband had a shrimp dish which tasted like some watery, frozen shrimp had been put in the microwave and doused with some A1 and Swiss Miss. Shrimp burrito was good though, and huge. We had a gift certificate there, and if we didn't, it definitely wouldn't have been worth the price. Would maybe go back and just have a burrito and sit outside when the weather's nice, but overall a pretty mixed experience. Go at your own risk!
1	I was in town for a conference last year. After growing mighty weary of the hotel fare we decided to go here for dinner. The service and the food were excellent.*blank stare*This was a year agoIn town again for the same conference and I must tell you that I found it hard to believe that this was the same restaurant. We came here for lunch and we had a rather snarky waiter who decided to pick and choose who at the table to be civil to. After my friend asked the waiter if they had fajitas he replied no and said "Lo siento sister". Huh? WTF? I'm sure that's cool at the bar with your friends but you don't know us. Keep it professional. Okay one small infraction I'm willing to let go. But this waiter kept on being a smart ass and picking on my friend. "I didn't eat the last batch or write the menu"WTH?Ordinarily I would have alerted the Manager or got up and walked out but at that point I was ready to leave but I was hungry and our food was on its way. Also being there with a bunch of people I didn't want to look like an asshole. Our waiter, apparently had no problem with that. The food this go around? Not so much. Just ok. I won't be back.
3	This is a tough review to write, because I've loved this place forever, but something's going on recently, and not for the better. It's still good, and I'd still recommend it, but it's on the decline. New management?I've been going here for a few years, probably a dozen times total over three years. Early on, it was an amazing find for Tempe: An inventive Mexican menu, with fresh ingredients well prepared, in a cool Southwestern space.Unfortunately, this year my visits have included a number of red flags. First, they got rid of their heat lamps - so what could be, and used to be, an awesome patio environment was just DEAD through most of the winter. When we braved the outside one evening anyway, we sat by the (dead gas) fire and had to ask for it to be turned on. ???The service, while not bad, has just lacked something in recent months. Energy? Engagement? We get seated. We order. We get our food. We pay the check. We leave. We were there last week - forced to sit inside because of the lack of heat lamps - and were told to sit at the bar to wait for a table. We sat at the bar using the three open seats, and the bartender promptly told us we couldn't sit there because we were blocking the bar. When the server had just seated us there??? We had had enough but the hostess caught us on our way out because a table had just opened.Some bright spots remain: half price drinks and apps during happy hour, cool outdoor patio when it's warm, and a menu refresh that includes skewers that are really, really good. Also try the Green Chile Nachos.This was a five start place at one time, was a four even in recent years, but is now a three, and it's slide may not be over. Breaks my heart...
4	I don't know what all the complaining about the service is about, but we had excellent service at the bar. Margarita coupon on their website and it was a good even blend. I had the enchiladas, which came three on a plate and chose one of each: chicken, pork, cheese. Talk about perfect portions - they were not too big, not too small, perfect amount of zesty red sauce, thick and chewy tortillas, and came with delicious beans and a scoop of rice. There are other dinners on the menu that I am very interested in trying (garlic shrimp, anyone?). It's a nice, cozy spot, good for small groups of friends or a date.
1	Poor service, mediocre food, and quite frankly Southwest Airlines makes a better margarita!  Avoid Mucho Gusto!
5	I loved this little spot!! me and the bf drive by all the time and decided to give it a try, on our way there I was reading the yelp reviews and got a little nervous....everyone seemed so "just okay" about it, but thankfully they were wrong!  we dove right into the chips and salsa which were so tasty- I loved that they had a little bit of a kick to the salsa and you can usually tell how the food is going to be just by trying the chips and salsa.  we ordered the guacamole---OMG so freakin' good you have to try this stuff, save a bit to put on your entrees (you'll thank me later) we ordered the carne asada tacos and the carnitas flautas and shared with each other-best idea :) dipping them in the guac was so divine I could have bathed in it ;) hahaI also ordered a margarita which was so good!!  I like mine a little more sour than sweet and without even mentioning it to the server it came out so perfect...they had a good little kick to-if you know what I mean-so spending $6 didn't really matter to me :) definintely affordable our dinner came to like $43 which wasn't bad at all if you ask me...go try this place, the service was great, ambiance was fun and it was busy all evening so you get that high energy feeling too!!
4	If you were looking for an actual review of Mucho Gusto, then you might want to select one of the other 68 reviews that are currently on Yelp.  Spoiler alert, this review will have very little to do with Mucho Gusto.  Now, if you are looking for the perfectly place to (1) have a book club meeting, (2) you are brining your 5 year old daughter, and (3) the book is True Grit, then look no further than Mucho Gusto.  I guess I should add that my book club friends tell me that the third point is a little thin, but two out of three isn't bad.  In my defense, True Grit is a western, and don't all westerns occur in Arizona.  And then when the white hats settle down they move to California because Florida was too far away.  Of course, now you might say, "Wait a second, isn't Mucho Gusto a Mexican restaurant."  Well, isn't Mexico part of the West, by which I mean, isn't it part of the Western Genre?  In conclusion, the atmosphere is great, you can eat outside, and sometimes the floor is a little slippery.This review is dedicated to all of the book clubs who have ever had a meeting at Mucho Gusto with or without a five year old.
2	Food is mediocre.  Service is terrible.  They do have Negra Modelo on tap, but nothing else is worthwhile.  They also won't split checks for groups bigger than 3.  That's just lazy.  Go somewhere else.
4	First I love their chips and salsa, they have just enough heat to necessitate a delicious margarita.  We then usually try the mexican pizza or the pork picaditas.  The rest of their menus is great too, we just come for happy hour typically.
2	Sadly, I didn't read the reviews before finally going here. It seems the only thing Mucho Gusto is good for is happy hour & I didn't really think those prices were all that amazing. I've never felt so ripped off by a Mexican food place before. I got the Machaco Tacos. Two tacos for $10, I figured it'd come with lettuce, sour cream, & definately some beans &/or rice on the side. What I got were tiny soft shells(I thought corn might be crispy, my bad) with a ton of VERY bland & somewhat dry meat & a slice(yeah, I said SLICE) of cheese. The only other taco I've ever seen in my life with a slice of cheese is at Jack in the Box. The side was a small cup of tortilla soup that came out with the meal. The soup & atmoshere were the only redeeming qualities. Even the picante sauce they called salsa for the chips was thin & lacking. My friend ordered the shrimp tacos(2 for $14) & the "large shrimp" were small to medium sized frozen shrimp(about 4 on each taco) & dry. Even the service fell flat. Our waiter was brief with us, no smile, no chit-chat or other suggestions & after the food came, he didn't come back until we were completely done choking it all down. The busboy(or whatever he was), although not dressed at all professionally, was prompt & seemed friendly. Had I known what it'd be like, I would've much rather gone to Chipotle where it would be half the price, delicious/flavorful & much more friendly(not to mention they have the same beer). I work at a local hotel & recommended this place to several guests in the past(mainly because of the location & atmoshere) but now I'm embarrassed & I won't send anyone else. Sorry, but this one's a stinker. Try Macayos for margaritas or Rositas for a full menu that's always good.
4	I eat at Mucho Gusto quite often with clients/potential clients. The lunch menu is very reasonably priced and has a great selection. I really like the chips and salsa delivered while you wait. I gave this a 4/5 because the wait is longer than normal once you put in your order. Other than that, it's great!
1	I went with a party of 5 and we split the bill among credit cards/cash.  The waiter (Michael P) overcharged the credit cards and said it was due to the original receipt not reflecting our drink prices.  I insisted that he print out the original receipt since I needed it for company expense tracking and sure enough, homeboy pocketed the cash and overcharged us in order to get a bigger tip!  The food is ok but not really worth the price plus I refuse to go back due to Michael P pulling a fast one on us.
4	Enjoyed sitting outside and the barra viejo shrimp dish.  I didn't find anything "to die for" but it's good.  More importantly it was a nice evening and I enjoyed the experience very much.  My waiter was very laid back and friendly.  I didn't feel rushed and was able to have a relaxed dinner.  Case in point- I'm usually a one-drink girl, but I had 2 that day.
2	This place looks the part. Great decor. The food is Macayo's level. Just add $2-$4 per item. A Chimichanga for $14! Even with rice and beans...I can get a number of Chimicangas for $8-$9 that taste at least as good as this one...I don't really know the draw to this place. The staff is really cool, its just too expensive! Especially for Mexican!
3	My husband and I visited Mucho Gusto for the first time to take advantage of a Restaurant.com certificate we just purchased a couple of weeks ago. Upon presenting our certificate, we were told it was only valid on Mon-Wed. However, these conditions are stated nowhere on the certificate. So then we were informed the manager is discontinuing this program, yet, we just bought the certificate a few weeks ago? We asked to speak to the manager, who was not there, so the assistant manager agreed to honor our certificate. Other than this hassle, the place was quaint with a lovely patio and we did enjoy the food. The steak tacos had a great flavor and we loved the spiciness of the salsa.  Due to the asst. manager honoring our certificate, we will give this place another try.
4	If you see the place and are expecting the run of the mill, Sonoran style taco-beans-and-rice kind of Mexican food , move along (this also means you can't compare the food here to Macayo's). That's why my dad hates it - it's too cutesy/nouveau for his palate. That has nothing to do with my review. Just saying as a warning. Pros: Husband and I have been coming here on and off for years. It has had its ups and downs, but in our experience it's been worth returning to. It's not the run of the mill Mexican, as I said, which makes a nice change. Agree that the service tends to be slow, but have never been subjected to anything but politeness, and they have been accommodating when we've wanted to substitute a side or whatnot. Margaritas are excellent. Tea is good. Love the decor and the patio in nice weather. I adore their chicken enchiladas and their rice is awesome. Husband has pretty much liked anything he's ordered off the menu. LOVE their salsa.Cons: I never have liked the 'we have to charge you for more than the first bowl of chips' thing. Come on... seriously? Again, slow service, which you have to ding them for, because they're slow even when you and only two other tables are there at an off-time, and it has nothing to do with the kitchen. They need to start maintaining some of the patio, it's starting to look ignored/worn. Overall, we keep coming back when we want a break from the usual. We think it's worth it.
4	Had the shrimp tacos, they were good but not the best I've ever had.
4	I love this place. A little on the pricey side but the food is awesome and the staff is always cool.
1	I exchanged emails with the owner of this place and he has done nothing to correct my previous experience.  I will not go back!
4	Very cool ambiance, we take office visitors to da Mucho all de time. Not many places you can hit during the day and hear a Band of Gypsies while you eat. I get the half-ass burrito, which is HUGE. A nice blend of rice, machaca, refried into beans. I can't even imagine how big the big-ass burritos is. Cool, attentive staff too.
5	It's been awhile since I've eaten here.  I used to work just a mile down University and I'd eat the shrimp tacos at least once a week.  I loved this place because it was not standard mexican food.  They put some extra care into what they servce.  The tacos were like like little shrimp salads on a tortilla.  I usually dissected and them and savored every bite individually.  The chips and salsa are pretty good too.  Again, they don't taste like all the other places.I think the atmosphere is pretty nice here, a little loud on the inside, but awesome on the patio when the weather's right.  Note that I've only been here for lunch, so I cannot comment on the nighttime atmosphere.Love this place.  I miss being near it.
4	Love this place, great happy hour, good price on food and drinks. Good to start or finish a night out on mill here. good staff and decor.
3	Must try the fish tacos and the salad. I don't care for the rest of the food. The place is casual, you can sit outdoors, and people are friendly and can get you out of there on time. Good place for lunch.
4	I used to have to wine and dine customers and would always take them to Mucho Gusto.The food is a fancy twist on traditional Mexican food and the quality is amazing. The only reason I gave 4/5 is because the service is kind of slow. I would recommend for sure.
4	Last year Mucho Gusto was my favorite place to go after a hard day. Great Happy Hour specials. Great staff!
1	I don't think I have ever been to a restaurant where I have treated so poorly by the wait staff. I'm actually rethinking my Green rating because I sincerely think this is my worst restaurant experience.The one good thing I can write is that this place is really cute and it has an inviting patio. Lots of string lights and cute bistro tables. I really thought I was in for a great evening. Oh how wrong I was.My friend and I walked in and the hostess immediately sat us at a four top right in front of the door. Unless the restaurant is packed and the drafty table in front of the door is the last spot available, I do not want to sit in a place where incoming guests will constantly bump into my chair. I pointed to a seat in the back and after trying to convince me I didn't want *that* table, the hostess led us to the back. It's not the worst thing that could ever happen and that instance did not ruin my evening, it was just weird.We sat and were greeted by our waitress, who initially seemed very nice. We both ordered water to start and I asked her for a drink menu. Apparently the drink menu is on the back of the regular menu. It's just so small that I missed it the first time. She told me that Friday night is the $4 frozen house margarita night, so I went with her suggestion. By the time I finish pulling out my ID, my dining partner was ready to order. We got a queso appetizer, the vegetarian tacos with a side salad, and the machaca plate.While we waited, a few more groups came in, were greeted, and received their adult beverages. It had been ten minutes since I ordered my drink, so I tried to look for our waitress. She finally popped up five minutes later, but avoided all eye contact with our table. When she did see me, she quickly ran outside. I understand she might have had a few tables outside, but why have an inside section to wait as well? The table right next to us had an amazing server who brought them two orders of drinks in the time it took to get my water glass refilled. (Margarita was still MIA at this point.)Then, the queso came out, brought by two hipsters. It looked like an over-microwaved styrofoam plate in a skillet and tasted just as bad. My friend tried to make the best out of the situation, but I was ready to call the manager. I really, really regret that I did not. Nasty queso juice dripped all over the table and there was no silverware or napkins to be found. AND no wait persons or a hostess to ask for said items. (Twenty minutes after I ordered my margarita, it was still MIA.)Our waitress finally popped up and asked how the appetizer was. My friend cut me off and said it was different, but okay. He took rare this opportunity to ask for silverware. The waitress made an excuse that it should have been on the table already and went to grab some.  When she came back, I asked about my drink.With another lame excuse that could have been avoided if she ever check on us in the then-thirty minute absence, she finally brought me my drink. It was OKAY, not worth $4... more like $2-3. Two seconds later, the food came out. At least we had silverware?1) My veggie tacos and side salad were okay. Is it bad that the BEST part of meal was the white, iceberg lettuce salad?2) My friend's machaca was bone dry. Isn't machaca supposed to be tender, rehydrated, and edible? All in all, the salsa was the best part of the meal. Yet, one cannot enjoy a dining experience on salsa alone. This was sincerely my worst experience at a restaurant and I will not go back to Mucho Gusto.
5	I've only been to Mucho Gusto twice, once in 2008 and most recently this past weekend and both times I have been completely blown away by the service! I am a restaurant manager and both times I've visited I have wanted to hire my server on the spot! Very friendly and attentive, funny too! The patio area is great when the weather isn't too hot! The food is good but it's the service for me that will get to go back the next time I'm in town!!
1	Este es comida horrible! The Very best in Modern mexican food?? What the cuss? Really? Who says? Not this this guy? What idiot box is running this joint? Someone from the midwest with no tastebuds who watched too much Rick Bayless on PBS and decided to open a restaurant in the re-invent yourself capitol of the world??! Well lets start with the hostess. Too cool for school chick, no personality and playing with her iPhone at the podium! She did not smile, did not care that we were even there, more worried about her texts that greeting us and sitting us. I m sure she is missing out on something with all her yahoo friends! Now, on to the service. not great. Waitress was typical college kid with no real serving experience or at least she was not very good at it. Did not check on us much but was not all that horrible. Just so-so.Now on the food. Lord. Seriously people? You guys are giving this place 3,4-5 stars?I ordered the Machaca taco's Oops I mean the American stew taco's! Gross! They were the farthest away from Machaca I have ever had. Where's the onions? And what the hell is this light green crap on top? That is NO WAY a guacamole sauce!!! Give me a break! I have had the real thing in Mexico DF or Baja. That stuff was tasteless green crap! That is there way of cutting corners and not using real avocado for REAL guacamole or guacamole sauce. The menu says served with guacamole! Ahh no it's not!! I tasted this stuff and it tastes more like creamy cucumber dressing but with 0 flavor. The Salsa was not great either. It was sort of like they added chipotle to canned stewed tomatoes in its own sauce and served it up! The chips were cold and we got all the pieces from the bottom. Sorry but I don't want the chips that have been sitting there for an hour and all broken. Get me a fresh batch bitches!!! Is it that hard? Common sense people, my god! Wife had the shrimp taco's, not horrible but nothing great. I would not go here again. We left with a bill for $37 for the 4 tacos and a salad on each plate plus a glass of wine and beer. OUCH! I like the decor but this is far from good mexican or even mexican fusion! I think they really need to work on their service and employees, and most certainly their food. Spend some money on good product and spend some time on perfecting your recipes. Maybe you need to go out and taste some real mexican food....IN mexico, come back and start over. I will not be coming back to this place for sure, even though it is close to my house. I rather go to...Oh man should I say it...ok Rosita's!!  Heck Chipotle down the street would actually have been more satisfying. I say pass on this one. Not worth the money.
2	This is a mixed review for me because I love the ambiance of Mucho Gusto, the staff is really nice, and the orange jalapeno margarita is amazing.The food however, I was not all that impressed with. We ordered the skewers - mushroom, pork and chicken and we were not blown away with any of it. Maybe I will go back and try their tacos, but I am thinking I will keep it as a good place to sit on the patio, eat chips & salsa and drink a good margarita or two. I am not into "modern" Mexican food (whatever that means) - I like authentic Mexican food!
4	Food has always been very tasty here. The mashed potatoes are unique and tasty and mostly all dishes I have had we're good. The one I recall being a bit less in quality were the steak nachos and not because it lacked flavor or quantity, just a bit of a grizzle problem on the steak. The patio here is one of the best in my opinion. Cozy with a fireplace and lots of fun lights. Great for an afternoon with margaritas!Oh if u are a chips and salsa lover it is very tasty (and somewhat spicy) here. Only reason I gave it four stars vs five is that they have a lack of desire to run their air conditioning until it is absolutely necessary which can leave it a little warm for some inside.
1	I went with my wife on Friday evening at 8.  The restaurant was probably about 2/3 filled but not hopping.  We asked to sit outside on the gorgeous patio.  It really is a beautiful place to dine.  After a minute or two the busboy/server brought us out chips and salsa. They were pretty darn good.  Then... nothing.  We were ready to order our entrees, but nobody had even passed by to take our drink order.  One waiter kept coming out and conversing with his buddies at a table near us.  Another waitress seated an older couple 5 minutes after us.  While we desperately tried to get someone`s attention, that couple was brought out their drinks.  10 minutes slowly dripped into 15.  Finally, we simply walked out.I get overworked waitstaff, and can have patience  with that, but this was ridiculous for a half-full restaurant, with at least 3 waiters working the patio area.
3	Another restaurant that hasn't kept up with it's original concept.  They used to be really creative and spicy.  Seems to be americanized now.Taco plate looked like an appetizer and the best appetizer was melted cheese.  They used to have a mussel appetizer in a mole sauce with fry bread.  That was worth the trip.It's such a small place you would think the service would be better.  They need to get back to their roots to make it.
4	While on business to Phoenix I stopped here to grab a bite. This place SCREAMS friendly and local! Everyone was so nice and attentive. The food was yummy and I was able to get in and out in about 35 minutes. PERFECTION. I'll be back and soon.
3	We loved our food. It was delicious. My only complaint was that the music was so loud that we couldn't speak to each other (there were 3 in our party). And it was 2 pm on a Thursday. The place wasn't jammed packed with people ready to party. So, I'm not quite sure why the music was so loud.
5	Mucho Gusto has the Best Fish Tacos in town!!! From the moment you are greateted at the door you can feel the lively energy that radiates from this place. Great tunes & great ambiance with a friendly & hip staff! If you need a thirst quencher for the Hot summer, Mucho Gusto has the most delicious Margaritas & Iced Tea to cool you off!! I will for sure be returning to this place soon to get my fish taco fix!
4	If you're a hipster looking for a Mexican food restaurant in Tempe, Mucho Gusto would be happy to meet you.The pretty spot is staffed with vintage-wearing, young servers and hosts, and when I went there, I really liked the relaxed, laid-back vibe (and the food.)The spot has a pretty patio with twinkly lights and a fireplace, and the inside restaurant is dimly lit, warm and cozy.To start, I had a yummy Mexican pizza appetizer ($7), made with fry bread, black beans and cheese. It was the perfect portion for two people, or for one person's meal. I thought the fry bread was an interesting choice and gave it a nice doughy texture that was a surprise.For my entree, I had cheese enchiladas ($14). They came with black beans and rice, and though I usually prefer refried beans, I actually really liked the smoky flavor of the black beans and thought they went great with the meal. They were the same ones found on the pizza, and I guess I just couldn't get enough.The cheese enchiladas were super-stuffed with cheese, and it was too big of a meal for me to finish-something that's rare. While there are tons of fast-food Mexican joints, I'd go back to Mucho Gusto for the cute ambiance and filling portions.
5	Wow! Had so much fun here. Very cute restaurant and the patio is such a cool place to hang out on when the weather is nice. We had the Clams in the Mole Chorizo Sauce. Best clams I have had. The spicy flavor combined with their awesome mole was incredible! What a great idea!Chips and salsa were ridiculously good. So important to have a tasty salsa.The staff was very kind and knowledgeable about the food.Can't wait to go Back!-Mike
4	Mucho gusto is probably one of my favorite lunch restaurants.  The patio is very charming and just lovely to sit on when the weather is nice. I love the tacos they serve here, and the margaritas are strong:)  I recommend coming here only for lunch; dinner portions are the exact same size but more expensive (a little bit of a rip off in my opinion).  Overall this place is nice for a good lunch and conversation.
1	I had an absolutely nauseating experience at Mucho Gusto.  I dined there a couple of years ago and had a pleasant experience, so I was pretty confident a repeat visit would be the same.  I was wrong.  The waitress was very rushed and seemed like she had some other place she wanted or needed to be.  The posole my boyfriend ordered was not even lukewarm.  When he asked if it was supposed to be cold, she just hurried away and sometime later plopped a new one down in front of him.  The worst part of the evening is when I pulled a huge, red hair out of my mouth that had been mixed up in my salad.  I called the rushed waitress over and showed her what I had pulled out of my mouth.  She simply grabbed the plate, hurried off and plopped a new salad down in front of me.  I then stopped her and explained I had completely lost my appetite and asked her to take the food.  She returned, dropped the check and said "It's half off" and hurried away again.  Feeling like they were trying to dismiss the situation and not actually correct it, I asked for the manager.  He simply reiterated that he had taken fifty percent off of our bill.  I couldn't believe this was considered a satisfactory solution to such a disgusting mistake on their part.  I think if you're sickened by an experience due to the restaurant's negligence, you shouldn't have to pay for that repulsive experience.  I will not be returning to Mucho Gusto a third time.
5	I eat here frequently for lunch and dinner.  My office will sometimes drop by as well for some food.  Very nice waiters/waitresses and great food!  Wonderful place to drop by for a quick bite, if you want amazing food.Their drinks are awesome to, just drank some of their Margarita's tonight and tasted their Sangria.  Well worth it!  Keep it up Mucho!
4	Was out in Tempe for a conference and wanted to find some Mexican close to our hotel. We found this place. We got the guacamole which was awesome, they put some jalapeno sauce around the edge which was might tasty. Portions weren't that big, but prices were reasonable. Service was great, and would definitely come back next time I was in Tempe.
5	I absolutely LOVE Mucho Gusto.  Came here for my first time on a Friday night to get some drinks with friends.  The Margaritas sold me instantly.  I went a while ago, but the happy hour special for that day (they have different specials based on the day, Saturday is 1/2 price Marg pitchers!) was $5 a Margarita.  They are so good!  They're homemade and don't have that nasty artificial taste.  Not too sweet either.  A friend ended up ordering dessert and she got this delicious flautas dish with vanilla ice cream and berry sauce.  SO GOOD!  The dessert and drinks alone captured my interest, so when some out of town family from back East came for a visit, I suggested Mucho Gusto to get some local flavor.  They're not really used to Mexican flavors because there is limited exposure where they're from in NY, but they enjoyed their meals and LOVED the Margs.  Kudos to me for introducing them to new food, and kudos to Mucho Gusto on great service, food, and atmosphere!
5	Love this place! I have never had a bad service experience and my food has always been delish! I love their fresh margs and the guacamole is amazing. It's never too busy, especially in the evenings, and the atmosphere is really laid back. The only complaint I have ever had was when the guy at the table next to us asked me if my margarita was as terrible as his. Apparently he couldn't taste any tequila at all but then I learned that his favorite spot for margs is Chili's so I think what he was missing was the flavor of sugar-infused margarita mix?!
4	I like most of the food here. We've been 3 or 4 times. I love the guacomole, but I will say some of my favorite mexican food options aren't on the menu. Prices are kinda high and service is hit or miss. I've definitely had better Mexican food, but we've obviously been back more than once.... so overall, good food.
3	Just had lunch here today... place was pretty empty so we sat in the sun on the patio.  chips and salsa were pretty good... salsa was somewhat lacking in flavor, but probably perfectly seasoned for the occasional Mexican food consumer... ordered their half ass burrito with the 'spicy' red chili carnitas, very tasty burrito, not to hot.  I would defiantly go back and try some other offerings. great value!
5	Awesome guacamole.
4	After a coworker recommended this place I decided to give it a try while I was in town.    When I arrived I was promptly greeted at the door.  I decided to sit at the bar since I was eating by myself and the place was pretty empty.  It is a nice little place with a metal top bar.First they brought me chips and salsa.  The salsa was awesome.  It was packed with flavor and a little heat.  I decided to order the red chile enchiladas with pork.  It was absolutely delicious. The staff were very friendly and attentive. I wish we had  real Mexican food like this in the Midwest.  They also have authentic Mexican beers on tap.  While I didn't have any on this visit the selection looked pretty good.  I wish I had known about this place before.  I  had great food and a great experience.  I will definitely be back the next time I'm in town.
4	Everything here is great except the food which is good enough.  I love the ambiance, the service, the margaritas, the chips, the guac.  I have been here 3 times and will keep coming back.
5	loved this place - everything was delicious, fresh and served perfectly. waitstaff friendly and efficient. drinks were awesome. couldn't have been better!! price - perfect.
4	The food is great and the drinks are strong, two drinks and you are feeling happy.
2	Unfortunately, I was not impressed with this restaurant. The menu was not very appealing, the food we did order was just okay, and the service wasn't anything to write home about. If you want to enjoy some Mexican fare, this would not be my first choice.
2	Let me explain why they get the two stars- Small environment, but it looks nice and had creativity and thought put into it. Another star for the service we had. Our waiter, Frank, did a nice job and was very friendly. **Now for the food. This place is not authentic. The salsa did not taste like fresh salsa. More as something out of a can. The re-fried beans I had, same thing. I had ordered a chimichanga and it was very mediocre. Left overs the day after weren't too bad. My boyfriend had a shrimp burrito and said it was very mediocre as well. Not to mention, he paid $3 for ONE glass of Horchata that was mostly water with a bit of cinnamon. He was given water after. Again, like it was a pre-made mix or something. TOO PRICEY. My chimichanga, "spanish" rice, terrible refried beans was $16. I could have had authentic for almost half that. The shrimp burrito was $18, I believe. I love my Mexican food, and I know it's easier to find better and tastier places around here.
4	One of my all time favorite lunch spots . . . it was time to stop in again with a client who was looking for somethiing a little different.I ordered the Mexican Pizza . . . the flat bread was hot and fresh, the beans were warm and tender, the lettuce was crispy, and the marinated chicken was just perfect.The only issue was we seemed to be lost . . . the waiter did stop back several times . . . but usually when the drinks had been empty for a while.Definitely have missed having lunch here and I will be back sooner than later.
5	This place is currently one of my favorite Mexican places.  I love that the dishes are fresh and not fried to death like some Mexican restaurants.  The lunch specials are really good deals.  The patio is perfect for dining is good weather.
3	Finally tried Mucho Gusto after years of driving by it to head to Oregano's or Mill Ave. and I was both impressed and disappointed with my experience.I ate lunch here with my girlfriend and found the place mostly empty, with a few tables populated on the patio and some bar patrons.  We sat on the patio and were greeted with chips and salsa pretty quickly and got our food super-fast after we ordered, which was great.  The food was way better than I expected for the price paid, we received generous portions, and I was really intrigued and satisfied with their neo-Mexican cuisine.  Definitely not the place to hit up for authentico dining, but for a delicious new concept on traditional favorites, this is the place.The downside of our trip was the service toward the tail end of our lunch.  We appeared to have been forgotten by our waiter several times and had to flag him down among the five other tables seated on the patio.  When we finally got our check, we had to wait 15 minutes, before we got up and walked inside to correct our bill (we were charged $1 more for an item than was listed on the menu), and pay.  We got a quick, "sorry about that," and were sent on our way. I'm seriously debating giving this place a second chance, even with their killer food.  I hope that today's experience was not representative of what they consider service to be, otherwise, I guess I'll have to leave Mucho Gusto to the college students....
4	I went to ASU for my undergrad and have eaten at Oregano's MANY times, yet I never noticed this place right next door!I ate dinner here on Friday night about 8 pm. The restaurant seemed pretty empty inside and the patio was only about 60% full so there was no wait for a table. I enjoyed the chips and salsa they provide. For my entree I ordered the gaucho steak tacos with a chopped salad as my side. The chopped salad was pretty good - just your standard iceberg lettuce with some tortilla strips and an avocado slice on top.  The tacos were better and had lots of guacamole on top which I loved!  My only complaint was the steak was a little tough and stringy (got caught in my teeth a lot). It was a nice, quiet, laidback place to enjoy a relaxed meal of above average quality food. I would come here again!
4	Tasty good stuff!  Portions large enough two can share an appetizer and leave happy campers.  Margaritas are great and the guacamole is to die for.  Salsa has a strange flavor I was not a fan of but my boyfriend loved it.Staff is nice and really fun.  If you are looking for some unique Mexican food in Tempe Mucho Gusto is muy bien.
4	I'm from Mexico where real Cochinita Pibil is from. Not gonna lie - it's pretty damn good. MG is pretty eccentric with it's guacamole (not a huge fan) but i somehow keep eating it. Don't ask... Anyhow, awesome patio off University and friendly service. Glad to have a place like this in Tempe.
4	Whoa... everything I had was delicious! Quesadilla with red chile pork was possibly the best quesadilla I've ever had. The red chile pork is amazingly delicous! That tortilla soup had depth in flavors like none other. And the margarita whipped up by bartender Ally was a great balance of citrus and tequila.  On a second visit, just this last weekend, I could not tear myself from the red chile pork... However, I did mix it up and get a fish taco in addition to the red chile pork taco for lunch.  Side note: At lunch, you can mix and match your tacos with either two or three selections!  The fish taco was good, but does not even come close to comparing to that red chile pork.... I could go on for days about it's deliciousness.  But I won't.  Go taste it yourself, and save some for me!! **IMPORTANT** On Saturdays they have an all day special on carafes of margaritas for $12 and carafes of sangria for $15.  Again, just save some for me!
4	As long as I've been in Tempe, I have driven past Mucho Gusto and never gave it that much thought. Grabbed dinner here with the boy over the weekend at his suggestion and headed on over. I really like the atmosphere, nicely light, warm, buzzword buzzword. We were seated right away and were brought out waters and chips and salsa to start. The salsa is okay - didn't seem homemade but whatever. I had the mucho gusto burrito with chicken and the side soup. Their tortilla soup is different. Good, but different. The burrito was really good. The tortilla got a little soggy but otherwise I was pleased with the filling and took half of it home for later (it's huge). Our server was great and I'll probably return.
5	I'm giving this restaurant 5 stars because its a Mexican restaurant with some healthy options along with typical Mexican food. The chicken skewers over pineapple Pico de gallo salsa is awesome!!!
4	As usual I always get the same thing....NOT TODAY!I ordered one of their salads instead of the (grilled) fish tacos, which I love.  I was not disappointed though.  Their salad was fresh, plentiful and a perfect blend of different greens, tomatoes, avocado and a nice skewer of chicken breast.If I were to make a recommendation I would just tell them to not overcook the chicken.  It was borderline dry and crispy.  Dressing came on the side as I requested and it was delicious as well.Great service and friendly staff.Thanks Mucho Gusto!
1	I went here for dinner tonight as part of a work outing.  I ordered a cup of the pozole and the machaca plate.  The salsa was good.  The chips seem to have been salted six to seven times.  Not appealing.  The pozole was sweet.  When the waiter asked me how it was I was honest.  He told me said, "sweet?  I've never gotten that out of the pozole".  Nice people skills.  Try an apology or something nicer than basically saying I was wrong. The machaca was salty to the point of inedible.  The refried beans were extremely salty as well.  My coworkers complained of the same saltiness in their meals.  Their cook needs to learn how to season the food.  Or maybe taste it before you send it out.  I'm going back to San Diego tomorrow and I'm going to get some good pozole.  I would rather dumpster dive for food than eat here again.
4	Mucho Gusto has a yummy sangria... Whenever my friends are in town we usually sit down and have a pitcher or two :)Their carne asada tacos are really goodThe tortilla soup is a little on the spicy sideChips and salsa are yummy tooI just don't like how loud it gets in here sometimes
5	I frequent this fine restaurant and have always found the food and service to be above reproach. Today they outdid themselves, delivering my lunch order by hand even though that's not a service they offer. The bartender (Lorne) knew I was short staffed at my work and took the time to bring my phone order to me at my nearby business without asking! This is the kind of service that makes this restaurant really great.
4	I've been here twice and just simply love it. My first time coming here was random, I had originally intended to go to Oregano's but when their wait was over an hour, I figured "Hey, why not?". Best decision ever. Their food is delicious and fresh, and the service is great. The prices aren't the cheapest, but it's certainly not expensive. I love the outdoor patio! I would recommend their guacamole (drizzled with agave syrup!), fish tacos, and the sangria. I will definitely keep coming back!The only reason this isn't 5 stars, is because I've only been here a coupe of times. Will update the more I go.
4	Great fish tacos, guacamole, and Sangria.  Lots of easy parking. Friendly staff and good atmosphere. Would recommend. Prices are good, not cheap but not pricey. Clean.
1	It looked promising from the outside but once you get seated god forbid the wait staff actually does their job. She took my drink away and never came back with a refill she would show her face once every maybe MAYBE 10 minutes and wouldn't even come to your table. The food was a different story. They have wonderful chips and salsa But their entrees absolutely suck. The rice was undercooked the meat was extremely fatty For 14 dollars for a burrito I expect more.
5	I don't get why this place has only 3.5 stars, the food is awesome, the ambiance is really nice and relaxed, and the prices are reasonable. The guacamole is so delicious with a sweet sauce on the side... I also had the fish tacos and the veggie burrito (I shared both don't judge me) and both were very delicious - fresh ingredients, not processed, yummy. And the patio area is really lovely. Thumbs up all around.
5	Love the carnita tacos and happy hour shrimp cocktail is amazing!!!
5	This was my first time coming here. I was just driving down the road and decided to check it out. There weren't that many people as it was right before everyone got off work. I was served very quickly and service was on top of everything. I tried the tamales and I have to say that it was awesome. But I may be a little biased since I love tamales already. Salsa was to die for. But again I am biased. Service was excellent and for excellent service I give a rating of 100%. That's how I rate the percentage of the tip the waiter got. For everyone that likes Mexican food go here and check it out.
1	I went once because I live real close, and wanted mexican food. Unfortunately, I will not be going back because it was not good. I got a burrito and it was doused in oil, it was just terrible. I did not even finish it, because it was causing an upset stomach. Maybe I just chose the wrong dish, but that dish caused me to not wanna go back.
4	Really great place with a decent amount of parking.  One of the best margaritas I've had  - and at happy hour prices!  Yummy chips with chunky salt and HUGE burritos!  Two thumbs up :)
1	Horrible food - carne asada tacos flavorless and what could count as flavor tasted like old shoes (Don't ask ;p )Guacamole was mush and served with I assume agave syrup very bad combinationBaseline for me is a basic beef dish if that isn't at least edible not a good sign for anything else
5	In my opinion this is one of the best Mexican food restaurants in town.  They have a really unique style to their plates and presentation.  The flavors are unique and traditional which is an oxymoron but if you have had as much Mexican food as I have you would get it.  I guess it's a unique twist on a traditional base of flavors.  Staff is attentive, easy going, cool group of hipsters.Hands down 5 stars!
3	i liked it here! food and service were both good. ordered the guacamole for an app--it comes with an unexpected sweet sauce, but it's really, really good!  super addictive.  i got the enchiladas for my main course; it was ok. nothing mind blowing. best part of the experience was their hibiscus margarita. best margarita i had in phoenix. :)
5	First time here and I have to admit I fell in love! Ended up coming here after our first choice for a valentines day dinner had over an hour wait. Best decision ever! Everything I ordered tasted amazing and my boyfriend enjoyed his food just as much. Service is very good and I love the casual atmosphere. I ended up ordering a frozen hibiscus marg, the carne asada tacos, and substituted the size for the posole. Delicious! The boyfriend had the red chile enchiladas with chicken and pork for the meat. He prefers the pork hands down. Would definitely recommend this place to everyone and I will be coming back soon!
1	Recently moved to Az and was born and raised in So. Cal. On a quest to find "real" Mexican food in my new state, and have sadly been disappointed yet again.  I will start with the cons..... Chips were a great portion and they even brought out 2 salsa bowls without us having to ask.  However, the chips had massive amounts of some sort of kosher salt. When we asked for different chips the waitress told us that's all they had but she gave us chips from the "top" and hopefully that would be better. It was not :( We ordered nachos $10 (no meat), fish tacos w/ soup $12, and a quesadilla $7.  What a disappointment when the food came.  The $7 quesadilla was tiny, I mean miniature. Where I come from a $7 quesadilla will get you an extra large tortilla grilled not microwaved with a side of rice and beans.  This place NO!!! Just the quesadilla on a small plate w/a tiny lil side salad.  The fish tacos tasted like they got them straight from that large body of water inTempe. No rice and beans just 2 tacos, and a tiny bowl of what appeared to be mole "soup" YUCK" all for a whopping $12!!!!!!  The nachos were mediocre tasteless black beans and minimal cheese. No meat and just tons of the same damn salty chips.  Pros - service was good,the waitress was kind and gracious when we told her the food sucked.  We left after 2 bites and the manager comped the entire meal.  I can't imagine how this place has 4 stars but it appeared that everyone was happy and the place was packed.  My expectations are obviously A LOT higher then even I thought.   Try them if you dare...... Drink plenty of alcohol, their bar looked pretty cool. Maybe that will help wash down the mess they call "Mexican" food.
4	Love this place a lil pricey though so I go during lunch or happy hr.  Super fresh ingredients!  Love the shrimp tacos juicy and flavorful.  Quest is great, fresh lime juice in margarita.  Chimi is huge.
4	Went here with some coworkers on a business trip for lunch.  We picked it for the name.  The chips and salsa were good.  I got the quesadilla with chicken, it was good and was not too soggy.  The others in my party got tacos and said the guacamole sauce was a great compliment to the tacos.  The waitress seemed a little stressed, it was busy.  We got sufficient refills of chips, salsa, and beverage and it appeared other tables did too.
5	How does this place only have 3.5 stars?? Everything I've had here is incredible and the ambiance is great. Some of the best bartenders and wait staff I've ever experienced. I highly recommend the fish tacos and the guacamole.
3	Great happy hour deals, and as far as I can tell the daily/weekly specials look great. I only had a few appetizers and they were pretty okay. The guacamole order was enormous, but had a kind of odd sweet sauce garnish (some sort of reduced liquer with roasted jalepenos I think) that was just hard to get used to. The flautas were delish and margaritas (frozen) were of high standards.
3	The service is good which is important!  I ordered a Cesar salad and added chicken I was surprised that the amount of chicken on a skewer was so little I left hungry.  Other than that it was good but guys cut loose with a little more chicken.  :)
5	This place is so good, I dream about it. When I am dreaming about food that is!So a few nights ago, I had been thinking about it and wanted to go here for dinner. To my surprise and not a good one, they were no longer there on Mill. Replaces by some other place. Major disappointment set in. But, I just found out they have moved, so Weeeeee will be going to the new one very soon. Because, they are soo good.
