1	Company Advertises 5 rooms steam cleaned for $24.95. Upon arrival, immediately tells me the satins wont come up, and quotes me $183.75. Explain to him that my roommate is paying for the cleaning and only left $65.00 which is more than double the coupon price. He states he'll do what he can.....what he did was leave my carpets soaking wet, I didn't see a bit of steam, carpets were cold as soon as he moved across them. Those of you that live in AZ know how water evaporates here, not with this company. After "cleaning" the carpets asked me not to walk on them, I guess because they were saturated to the point the squished, left dirty foot prints on the entry tile and emptied his machine right next to my front door. Gross!!! asked me to sign a paper that was a survey and stated he'd fill it out for me without allowing me to read "SHADY!!!" You'd be better off renting a $24.99 do-it-yourself cleaner from your local hardware store. At least those heat the water!!!!!
1	Terrible, terrible, terrible! Don't believe the ad that advertises 5 rooms for $19.75...it is a scam! First thing the technician did was tell me how bad my house smelled and how awful my carpet looked (total exaggeration). NICE HUH! Then he proceeded to quote us a total of $273.00 to clean our smelly, awful carpet. We ended up agreeing on $70.00 and boy do I regret it! Well if my house had a slight smell before it was now 100 times worse...the whole house smells like wet, soggy, stale carpet...and that was with the deodorizer...I had my carpet cleaned 4 months ago by a different more reliable company and by the time they left my house  it smelled wonderful and fresh and clean! I only went with AZ carpet, upholstery and air duct  because of there advertisement. When I called to complain all they could tell me is that they would come and do a re-do...NO THANKS! My carpet is already soggy enough! I want a REFUND!
1	STAY AWAY! This business is only out for your $ and could care less about customer service or integrity.
1	I called this company because I was quoted $5.95/vent and $20/return.  They proceeded to give me a quote for $4305.  We couldn't afford to do that since I had budgeted $400 max on this job.  The technician charged me $100 for the estimate, travel, and a mold test that may or may not have been legitimate.  I'm really regretting that I didn't check on here before having these scam artists walk through my home.
1	Advertising liars! They came here on an ad that read $24.75 for Any (5) rooms! Quoted me $177.00 when they got here. The precondition is the the detergent that is needed to CLEAN the carpet! This is such a bait and switch tactic. Finally, they said they would come back and do it. The guy walked in and said the same "BS" as the previous. Apparently, the ad gets their tech/salesman in the door and they make the pitch! I am telling you if you want your carpets cleaned, these are not the guy's for you! In my opinion, you will get frustrated and use them. Try another company!
1	I called this place to set up an appointment, the guy was so rude it almost shocked me. I have never been this insulted by just one sentence. Instead of listening to my request for the timings of the service , this person spoke to me as if I was wasting his time by calling him, I would like to give MINUS 5 stars If I could here. Please do not call this place!  Do yourself a favor and call a reputed company for your cleaning needs.  Am sure there are many other places who would treat you well and give you a good service.
1	http://www.azfamily.com/news/consumer/Phoenix-family-claim-outrage-over-carpet-cleaning-bait-and-switch-267392471.htmlhttp://www.bbb.org/central-northern-western-arizona/business-reviews/carpet-and-rug-cleaners/procare-carpet-airduct-cleaning-of-arizona-inc-in-tempe-az-1000020145/
