4	I happen to be a big Fan of the Asylum and Hotel Fear. Now the one thing I don't like is that they look almost the same every year, but that's not why you go there. You go to these 2 haunted houses because they have some of the BEST Scare Actors in the state. You can tell these people spend a couple months getting ready and all year thinking about Scaring you. Its just nice know that these people live for this and come back together every year, just to scare YOU.   Thank YOU
4	I went to see this last night, and it was a lot of fun.The outside of the buildings are really cool.  The sad part is that I've stayed in a hotel out in west Texas that didn't look too dissimilar to Hotel Fear.  Come to think of it, the actual hotel may have even had its own natural ghoul population, but I digress.But everything, from the set-ups to the character actors lurking around outside, to the traditional Halloween-esque tunes that played outside helped set the mood.  They go for the old stand-bys, but they have a good-natured approach to everything.I don't believe in spoiling surprises for any sort of shows, so here goes:Hotel Fear:  They did a nice job recreating a hotel look, almost like something out of "The Shining".  Expect a lot of twisty corridors, trick walls, random jump outs, and a "finale" room that my party and I genuinely got lost inside of.  Pretty impressive considering how small the actual room was.The Asylum: Nice job recreating both indoor and outdoor environments.  Also expect a lot of twisty corridors, trick walls, and random jump outs.  I found The Asylum a little bloodier than Hotel Fear, and while I have seen their "finale" room in another haunted house years ago, it was one of my personal favorites, and fun to revisit that type of experience again (even if it does mess with your senses).Also, if you're not a big fan of the requisite horror "Chainsaw Guy", well, you know....  Sorry.Considering that I'm not going to have a lot of time to bask in all the Halloween goodness this season, I was pretty happy to have attended this show.  They do have some nice set pieces and some creative ideas.  Also, bear in mind that I'm one of those that's not easy to scare and is more into the whole theatrical presentation of these things, but I enjoyed the experience regardless.  And hey, it was a fun night out with my friends, so win-win, you know?Thank you, scare team!
4	After going to another haunted house on the strip that I found very disappointing a few days earlier, I was pleasantly surprised by the Asylum. The actors were good and my girlfriend was actually scared and was running out by the end. It may have been fairly cliche at times and didn't have the production value of the haunted house attractions on the strip but it was still very fun and worth the entry fee. I would do it again and recommend it to anyone. Sadly I didn't get a chance to see Hotel Fear so i am unable to review it.
2	First, they split up the two attractions, which is completely inconvenient. I honestly didn't like the asylum. I'll have to wait to review Hotel Fear because they closed due to rain. I enjoyed the creepy people mingling through the very short line, but once we got inside it was predictable, almost to the point of being boring. A lot of the typical scares that are supposed to make you jump, but when you see them coming they're just kind of lame. All of the played out rooms you come to expect, nothing new here. (*Spoiler?) I will say, they have light shining in one room, made up to look like a cemetery and the effect is well done. It actually looks like you're outside at dawn. That was pretty cool. (:But be warned, they have strobe lights going in at least 4 rooms. I always dread those rooms (and EVERY place has them, so I knew it was coming....but UGH, 4!?) Just seemed like a lazy cop-out to me. Its hard to pay attention to anything freaky going on when those lights are so annoying. I knew I was missing little things by trying to shield my eyes from the assault. On top of that, they also had one of those dizzy tunnels. I'd rate this place higher, but I'm a big haunted house fan and I was annoyed enough by these effects. I was disappointed, but I guess for the price it might be worth checking out.
3	Visited Hotel fear this evening...finally!I was honestly a liiiittle bit weary when I pulled up to the parking lot because I realized the actors are only volunteers, I wasn't aware of that and I did expect them to do a not-so-great job. (side note- what's with this state and haunted houses in parking lots?...really??) The line wasn't too long, but it moved slooooow. There was a female actor managing the line (the one *screaming* "Next" every few minutes)....she actually started picking on one group in particular that was ahead of us, mocking a girl while she was on her cellphone and it was just a little too aggressive and obnoxious for my taste. Apparently I wasn't the only one, I was looking around and other people were rolling their eyes at her unrelenting harassment. Asylum wins this one, the creepy actors mingling with the people in line did a much better job. Inside, I give them credit for sticking with the theme. I HATE when a house is advertised as one thing and you walk in and they mindlessly throw in every nonsense scare they can, not even considering how it fits in. This one had some really cool rooms!Unfortunately, they relied on the strobe lights a little too much just like in the Asylum. And the actors seemed much, much younger. Again, its worth checking out! If I had to chose between the two to spend the $ on, I'd pick Hotel Fear.
5	This is definitely one of the better haunted houses in town. I always make it a priority to find out where the asylum is and go to it every year. Good thing they have a website (www.lasvegashaunts.com) that saves me from driving all around town looking for it. To me it seems like the people who own / run it really care and do a lot of work every year. there is always new stuff in it every year. Not always big new stuff but new stuff none the less. If your looking for a good scare and a fun night I would recommend going through the asylum. The hotel on the other hand was not to scary but still a good time.
5	Scary good fun!
3	In short: I got scared. Really scared. Don't expect to show up and walk through. We waited in line about 45 mins - 1 hour for both houses. They only take very small groups of people in (4ish people). I didn't enjoy the people dressed up messing with us when we were in line. I wouldn't have minded if they kept their distance, but they were coming a little close for comfort. One girl that was in line behind was getting very very visibly scared, to the point of crying, and they kept on her. She obviously wanted to be left alone to stand in line. The actual house I thought was really cool. Lots of people jumping out, lots of really well built rooms. There are plenty of emergency exits, if you do need to leave the houses early, which I did. I seriously got so scared that I didn't have time to calm down before the next person was jumping out at me. Overall, really well done, but the waits were long and save the scares for inside the houses please!
4	We went tonight.  It was a lot of fun.  We got discount tickets at Costco.  Basically, you get a VIP (short line) combo (both houses) for the price of a regular (long line) combo ticket--$25.  Get there early if you want to avoid the lines.  We went at 6:30, and we were the first people in line.  The characters outside are very entertaining--excellent costumes and make-up.  I liked the hotel more than the hospital, but they were both fun.  They were right next to each other, so it was very convenient.  I enjoyed this more than Adventuredome (Frightdome).  This is not as crowded, and they seem to put more effort into it.  The actors were very good and looked like they were having a great time playing their characters.
5	By far the BEST haunted houses in Vegas. They change things up every year....the actors are great....always top off the year before!! If you want the BEST HAUNTED HOUSES in Las Vegas....go to them!!! I have been going for YEARS and every year it is different! ! YOU WILL LOVE IT!!  They are also filming a movie there....the movie studio apparently feels these are the best too!!
5	It was terrifyingly delightful--what more do you want!?!There were some rooms that were seriously unreal, messed with my senses or were so crazy that I felt like I was dreaming through half of it--I could of course tell you about them, but I really think you should go experience them yourself!!
3	First time going to a haunted house so I don't really have anything else to compare it too. But I definitely got scared and had a good time. The only downside was that it was really dark in some areas and I kept worrying about bumping into things but other than that I would probably go back.
1	Another giant waste of money.  Again set up in trailers.  You are in and out in less than 3 minutes.  Not worth the money.  These guys really need to up their game as well.  I mean my God what year are we in???!  This should be at a small town carnival.
