1	TERRIBLE!! I wish 0 stars were possible..  I have lived in North Scottsdale for 6 years.  That being said I have lived in several nice properties within the area and dealt with several property management companies.  I can honestly say the staff at this location, Mario in particular, has put on the worst show of arrogance I have ever encountered.  Some may say there is a standard to uphold in nicer parts of Scottsdale such as Grayhawk, however by no means does that mean condescending attitudes towards certain demographics.  My girlfriend and I sat patiently waiting to be helped for a good amount of time, all the while watching the leasing agent put on a show for two older women.  As soon as they leave and he starts working with us, there was a complete change in his demeanor and cockiness.  I was looking forward to touring this property and living somewhere brand new, but after working with this guy I was completely put off.  It couldn't have been more obvious that he not only didn't care about taking the time to show us the floorplan we came to see, but he might of well just said you shouldn't be here!  It's just rude, think twice about living here if you are young and don't appear to have money because the snooty staff will send you out the door with a brochure and the most unwelcoming experience you've ever had.
5	Jefferson at One Scottsdale is a great community! I love living here and I love all the amenities that the community has to offer.  I can honestly say that I enjoy being here and find the staff to be very helpful and professional. I relocated here from Las Vegas and Seattle in June and had a lot of transitioning to do and the management team was more than accommodating to my needs. Even when I had a last minute change of plans!  The community is fully gated and offers two swimming pools and a 24-hour fitness centre for those of us trying to stay active. It's also a great place to make new friends and meet new neighbors. I strongly recommend Jefferson at One Scottsdale and encourage you to dismiss negative reviews that you are reading as they are an attempt to get back at a business that follows the rules of customer service and offers great living. Take note that severe complaints are typically the result of someone not getting their way and wanting to get back at someone.
1	HORRIBLE management, complete indifference and rudeness (with the exception of the maintenance staff which is very friendly), and INEXCUSABLE misrepresentation of amenities.  We signed on for a 1 year lease and are very unhappy now that the chlorine levels have become entirely unmanageable and a serious violation of health code.  They claim it is a saltwater pool and jacuzzi which is the ONLY reason we moved in here, and it is anything but in the jacuzzi.  We got nauseous after being in there for only a few minutes and it took 4 hours for our passages to clear up completely, this being AFTER a huge rainfall AT NIGHT which you would think would have neutralized it.  When you're in the gym you are forced to listen to this cheesy radio station with a million radio ads which is entirely distracting to your workout.  It's also a giant dust bowl when the storms come through and blow dust everywhere from the construction site.  I have had a flat tire from a nail near the construction site, a bee sting in the pool when they were really bad and there was a hive over the pool, a sinus infection from all the blowing dust that lasted for 4 weeks, and now a serious chlorine risk, especially for children.  At this point I'm posting this review all over the online channels because the management has done NOTHING to address this after several times and multiple residents reporting.  Please proceed with caution.  Do NOT buy into their advertising hype.  When they tell you the lease goes month-to-month after one year, they don't tell you that they dramatically increase the rents.  Clearly they are spending all of their money on their outward appearance, rather than making their existing residents happy.  Every resident I know has complained multiple times on various issues and we have been here since they first opened.  NOT COOL.  :( I am not at all surprised by the other negative reviews on here.  Sounds about right.  I really wish they would do something to turn around their negative attitude when someone brings constructive feedback to their awareness that will only help them be more successful in the long run.  Every rosebush has its thorn, but sometimes it's all about how you handle the thorns that makes all the difference in the world.
5	Things are still going strong! Glad I live here! New phase is complete and the other pool and outdoor living space is open. They also started a wine event. Gotta say, this is home!
1	As a former resident, please save yourself some aggravation and do NOT rent here.  Word of WARNING - any unit next to Thompson Peak should be avoided or have a huge discount - the noise is deafening and it's like living on the Indy 5. The customer service is horrendous!  The office staff are rude and indifferent; despite relaying this to the manager, the service remained unchanged.  The gate remotes did not work and the staff refused to help. Management was too cheap to replace the gate transponder unit.  You may find yourself locked out at 2am like I was.   In addition, the garages are micro tiny and your car will suffer.  There is no  guest parking whatsoever - your visitors will have to walk 4 blocks.  The management comments on their many bad YELP reviews are just lip service.  They don't listen and they don't care.  There are so many nice complexes nearby so this place should absolutely be avoided.
1	The management has changed within the last 2 weeks and it is TERRIBLE. These people are based out of Texas and are indifferent to the culture of AZ (meaning office hours are for THEIR convenience). I have had a maintenance issue since their arrival and have yet to get a satisfactory resolution despite having to speak with them twice in person and once on the phone via voicemail (that did not receive an acknowledgement  despite the message  being civilized) I believe the owner chose this management company because in part of the negative reviews in this forum. This new team thus far has not been responsive in a fashion that satisfies me THEIR CUSTOMER. Too bad I had to resort to this negative review for an issue that could have had a interim solution until their master plan is enacted.  For the amount I pay monthly I expect better.
