4	I've been getting my hair did here for a few months and couldn't be happier! The service is great and my hair always looks good when I leave. I usually get my hair colored and cut and it's always done the way I want it. Dark, Dark brown with a hint of red and it's always mixed perfectly. I found out today that my hair stylist left so I can't really recommend anyone in particular. The stylist that did my hair today was great but I have to go to someone a few times to decide what I think. The salon is brand new and the owned are from Cali. They focus on service and great prices. I haven't given the salon 5 stars because I like when stylists give me suggestions on what will look good. So far, m hair has been done exactly how I want it. I appreciate that but I appreciate professional input more. Since I'm not a hair professional I like the extra effort.
3	Taking longer than expected but was taken in right away. Daughters haircut looks nice.
5	Place is a bit uncared for,  but I absolutely love the way my hair was cut and dyed. I usually don't like how my hair looks when freshly done but she nailed it. I belief her name was Fanny or Patty.
1	If it were possible to give no stars, I would. I just returned to town from the military and was looking for a simple haircut, a shoulder length bob. No stacking, no funky layering. Just a bob and bangs. After showing a photo and clearly explaining to the stylist (a blonde, older gal with a pink leapord apron) what I wanted and didn't want, I sat down and had my hair totally butchered. After specifically stating that I did not want choppy layers, she proceeded to rip, not pull, RIP shears through my hair cutting the layers in uneven razor cut edges. She did nothing else to my hair. She literally ripped razor trimmers through my hair then ripped a brush through it. I had to remind her to give me bangs, which she cut in a straight line rather than in a slant for side-swept bangs. She spent all of ten minutes on my hair before rushing me to the register. She hardly gave me time to explain what I wanted or look at the layering in my hair, and the way that she dried what little water she put in my hair made it difficult to see what the cut looked like. When I got home I ended up having to trim my bangs into the correct shape, as well as having to trim portions of the hair which were inches wide to the same length as the rest of my hair. One chunk of hair, right in the front, was THREE inches longer than the rest of my hair upon being straightened. Additionally, when walking in I inquired about the price of a cut and was assured that it would cost $7 (as the window display showed) but then was charged $12 for a haircut that was not at all what I asked for. I will NOT be coming back and I will be advising as many people as I can that this is NOT a place to go for a real hair cut if you want a new style.
5	I just got my haircut and I LOVE IT. Her name was Lisa and she had blonde hair . Along with being sweet she gave me what I was asking .. She gave me the BEST SERVICE EVER .... I will for sure go back !!!great place !!!!
