3	Located on Greenway at 75th Ave. on the west side of road.  This is a strip mall that has experiencing failures lately - Garlic Jim's pizza failed, the massage place failed, and the hair salon failed.  Maybe Meatballz will turn things around.Meatballz offers a casual dining area very similar to the location in Scottsdale, with the same menu, and in fact I think there's substantially more seating at this location because of the back room.If you don't go with the lunch special you could be looking at a pricey lunch.  My cheese ravioli with small soda was $13, and this is a pay at the counter sort of place.  Warning to health conscious and vegetarians - the "tomato sauce" is really a meat sauce.Food is above average if you're grading it on a fast food scale, but falls behind if you're grading it on a casual dining scale (Bravi has a similar setup, with a nicer atmosphere, and arguably better food).Plenty of parking... which I love.
4	Great place - Great Service - Great food!  I first found this place in Scottsdale after arriving at my favorite deli across the parking lot and finding it closed.  I drove from my house at 75th ave and Cactus to raintree and Northsight in Scottsdale 3 times that week!  I am glad to see I won't have to do that anymore.  They are a bit pricey outside of their specials but well worth the price for the quality you get!  P.S. they have a not so healthy salad dressing blue cheese/Italian mix that is so good.  If you use Sherpa or a I phone app please review its what helps the tourist's steer clear of the crappy places and puts them on the right course to help support our local favorites and keep them open in this poor market!
5	Decided to try this new place that opened in April2009.  Glad I did!!  I ordered the meatball parm hero, and holy crap was it good!  I would say it was the best meatball sandwich I've ever had.  Went back for another meal; this time I ordered the italian beef sandwich.  It came with mozarella cheese and some au jus.  Just what I thought....awesome.  On my third trip to Meatballz, I ordered what is called the sausage roll.  This is kind of like a calzone/burrito kind of thing containing sausage, pepperoni, and cheese.  They give you a side of pasta sauce to dip it into.....Yeah, it was great too!  I highly recommend this place.  The service was fantastic.  When I went there with my family, they gave us free brownie canollis.....Make sure you go to Meatballz ASAP for real italian deli food....you wont be disappointed.
4	Went there on a recommendation of a friend.  Ordered meatball and egg plant parm sandwiches.  Meatballs were excellent-sauce rich and full bodied.   Eggplant-sliced a little too thin (personal objection) but was flavorful and cook perfectly.   Good mozzarella cheese to top the sandwiches.   Staff very attentive. The place was is in an out of the way location; well worth the trip.
5	Awesome service and food!  If you like that old world service and food this is the place for you. Italian beef sandwich is fabulous, plenty of meat and great bread.  Menu has been changed recently but the food is still the same, outstanding. Please visit this establishment, it's well worth the price and trip.
5	Finally stopped by Meatballz after driving by it so many times.  As we were entering, my son commented that Meatballz is a favorite of a few of the linemen on the Centennial football team.  He recommended the calzone, so that's what I ordered.My wife got spaghetti and meatballs, and my daughter got ravioli.  The food was delicious. Everyone at the table raved at how good it was. The calzone was not too cheesy and not too saucy.  It was just right.There was also a friendly guy with an east coast accent that would fit right in on an episode of the Sopranos.  Several people knew him by name, and he checked on how we were doing a couple of times.  Friendly staff and great food at a reasonable price.  5 Stars!
4	This place has some pretty good fast Italian food. The antipasti salad is amazing and we get that every time we go. they have great dinner specials for under 7 and it comes with super yummy garlic rolls. you order at the counter and they bring your food to the table. service is nice and the place is clean hope they make it in that weird location.
5	This place is by far the best Italian deli style restaurant on the west side of Phoenix. The food is always good, they use fresh ingredients and it is very clean inside. Bobby is always there to welcome you and to treat you like family. I have been to two of their locations and the food is great at both.
4	This place has great Italian Beef. Definitely get the Giardiera sauce. The owner running the place is really in top of things and brings an east coast flare. I'll be back for sure!  We got the Brownoli to go (Brownies stuffed with Canoli Cream filling).  AWESOME!!
5	Awesome!  Go see Robert for the best service and awesome meatballs.  Fresh mozzarella tops it all off beautifully!
5	Best Meatballz location in the valley.
5	I enjoy this place."Whoz better than you!" The food is not five star but not 0 star either. You pay a reasonable price for good food. The portions are enough to leave you full and you enjoy the place as a whole. The owner of this location is friendly and fun. He has this thick accent and  is always willing to make suggestions.  He is a no bones kind of guy and will always tell it like it is.If your looking for an alternative to fast food and like to whet your appetite on some Italian, it's a great place!
5	Meatballz is one of those unexpected great finds. A small restaurant tucked off of the main food path and offers delicious fresh italian foods. I definitely recommend coming in and getting some sliders and brownolis!
2	Bland, so so
4	This restaurant closed about 3 months ago
