4	A Canadian specialty, these yummy pastries are definitely worth trying!  They're made fresh and delicious, with many different combinations of toppings!  Each one costs around $5, but they are big enough to share if you like.  (and no, they are not really made from beaver tails...)
2	I've never been so disappointed! I think the last time was when I realized that Santa did not exist. Yet another example of a small business turned into an evil franchise, thus totally ruining the product and its spirit.What happened to my fluffy beavertail, cooked fresh to order that I remember from years ago? It used to be served so piping hot I had trouble holding the beavertail with my hands, the Nutella totally dripping. Mmmm... None of that anymore! What I got today was lukewarm, an overfried piece of dough... I guess I'll hold onto the memories.... *sighs*
2	Please forgive me for being nostalgic for a moment but I remember coming to this place when it was a hole in the wall in the early 90ies.... when the Queue de Castor were twice as big and half as expensive with far more generous servings of toppings. Over the years, the place got fancier, became a franchise... and the prices and portion size grew in opposite directions.Visited this place yesterday with a friend who's new in town who heard of this place from legends of the past and we were rewarded with a meager helping of dough, overly cooked with barely any Nutella to fill the top of the fried dough.All for an inflated price of 5+$Disappointing.Wouldn't know about how great service is since we visited in mid-afternoon with no one there. I'm unsure if most people felt the same way we did when we left the store or simply lucked out with no line-ups of 30+ minutes of old to get those huge, delicious servings of old.Either way, beware.
1	sometimes, childhood memories are best left behind and not revisited!i don't know what happened to this place. they used to be awesome. a place you were excited to go as a kid and you'd bug your parents or whoever is taking you to old montreal to get you some tail. and those donut holes, heaven! i fondly remember multiple school field trips to old montreal and munching on some beavers with my classmates.but alas, those memories are long gone. what used to be fluffy and generous and tasty is now a sad state of affair. not only are they thinner, it shrunk in size, taste like cardboard and most of all, isn't made with fairy dust and love anymore.price went up but you know, inflation and crap..should you go just for nostalgia? me thinks not! bring the kids? maybe but you're better off making them yourself
3	Apparently it's a "must-have" for those visiting Montreal. The traditional is the plain with just cinnamon and sugar; I opted for the apple cinnamon. It was okay, a lot of corn syrup for my taste. I probably wouldn't get one again, it's basically a Canadian churro in my opinion. But, if visiting - I suggest getting one, probably the plain one.
2	While I do love beaver tails (to the extent that I'd be okay with getting diabetes from them), this is not what I remember it was.I ordered a 5 "Avalanche". Basically a cheese and nuts beaver tail. While it was good, it seemed rather expensive for 6$+Taxes. The beaver tail itself seems much thinner than what it used to be a few years ago. I also remember more toppings were added before although the length is the same, surely so it LOOKS good from the top but feels like a disappointment in the mouth. Also it was served to me almost cold... that was not really appreciated. The only reason I didn't make a scene to get a hot one is because my friend was with me at the time.Prices are disappointing for what is being served to us. Selection is OKay. Time to prepare is a bit below average for just a piece of fried dough with a topping squeezed out of a bottle. Mine was served almost cold on top of it.Honestly when I think about it, I finished the beaver tail because I'm a fatty food lover, not because it was actually good (if that makes any sense to you guys).Not recommending the place. Quality went down a lot after it became almost a chain in Montreal. You'd be better off stuffing your face with Churros from Costco to be honest.Also they don't take debit/credit? Really? What the fuck.
