5	This place is as good as it gets in Tempe, and I have lived here 20+ years. The owners are always very friendly, and they are eager to share to share their vision for their shop. OSP does not just have the best coffee in Tempe; they also the best barista in the state (Take my word for it, Gianni is the best). Prior to going to OSP for my iced americano every day, I had been going to Cartel Coffee Lab for a number of years. I have to say that I like OSP much better as I get a great drink without having to wait 20 minutes in line. I will definitely be a regular from now on!
5	I used to frequent another locally owned Tempe coffee shop to get my work done during the day and to visit with friends in the evenings, but between good coffee drinks and a perfect laid back atmosphere OSP has definitely won me over. They don't pressure you to buy something, the owners simply welcome you in and are excited to share their vision for OSP to be a fun, collaborative workspace. They're passionate about what they're doing and it really shows. ... but even though they don't have a "one drink minimum" to use their internet or to hang out there, you should get a drink anyhow. Seriously. My favorite is definitely the soy iced chai - super smooth and great flavor, though I guess that could be said about their espresso as well :) The location was a little tough for me to find at first - it's in a plaza tucked away on the south side on University between McClintock and Dorsey, but it should be much easier to find once they get a real sign out front!
5	Cute guys. Wall color complements my auraFunny jokesCoffee's alright
4	What do you get when you cross the famed Lux Coffee bar (in uptown Phoenix) with an ASU dormitory? Open Source Project. This place is like the younger, more raw cousin of Lux-complete with a ping pong table, DJs mixing live and an impressive display of artwork. The staff was super friendly, even following up with me to make sure my mocha turned out alright and wishing me a good night on my way out. Perhaps it was because my 26 year old self stood out a bit from the 18-20 "Forever 21" crowd. Either way, I'm a fan. However, be warned- the place is loud (did I mention Ping Pong and the DJ?). So if you are going to get some serious work done, it might be wise to go earlier in the day or not at all. But if the noise doesn't bother you- I recommend a visit. I mean, sometimes you have to mix it up. right?
4	Went here for the first time, a nice place populated by adults and really good coffee.  Looking forward to going back.
5	This place wins the coffee shop favorite of the area.  Gianni (the badass barista) is phenomenal at making a high quality drink.  He's doing a great job teaching the other two owners how to work the espresso machine to its best potential.  The environment is welcoming, eclectic, and comfortable: workspaces on the left, lounge on the right.  The stage filled with mics, drums, and turntables is what brought me back to this place, and the ping pong table in front is probably the best idea I've seen for a coffeshop with so much space to use.This is a great place with great product run by great people.
5	For a local coffee shop, OSP does everything right for me.Blazing fast internet, perfect coffee, and a local scene that supports community. The walls are covered in art from local artists, the coffee is bought at fair market value (meaning they buy coffee from companies that pay their workers minimum wage - Starbucks does not!), and on the weekends they are pumping music by local bands.If you're looking to get work done, which is often the case for me, they've got plenty of comfy spaces to curl up in and get things done. The atmosphere is laid back and the people are super friendly.Go try it out! They're next door to Tempe Yarn (they're kind of hard to see from the street, but park when you see Tempe Yarn).
5	great coffee and a slower quieter space to get it done!   I like the groove here, the coffee is great.   Starting to  amp it up to have an entertainment calendar - I can't wait.  I am sitting here at this minute and have 2 more meetings here next week.  Can't wait!
5	This place is awesome. I was iffy at first since it was like a ghost town when a couple friends and I walked in, but the barista was really nice and made a great drink. The atmosphere is chill and all the drinks I tried were excellent. I will definitely be back!
4	This place is great  there is a large distinction between their atmosphere. Its not your small dirty  Coffee shop normally  tucked away somewhere or the corporate Starbucks  with the same posters every where. they have quite a lot of activities to offer. One of the first things you will notice when you walk in the door is their ping pong table. I mean what else are you going to do in between studying for an exam, or just trying to relieve some stress. the Owner is a cool guy he is normally hanging out with the guests painting or working on his drum machine. The space is a decent size so there is always room to sit down. The coffee quality is pretty good and they have a great chai tea that doesn't come in a powder form. Most of the time you will see a lot of posters and ads up for local events. I like to support places that help out the community and support other events around the city.  come on by they open at 7 am and close around 11pm most days. They also host band events including Jazz, rock, heavy metal, hip-hop, and even punk music. Check them out online @ www.OSPTempe.com
5	Got to love the concept, coffee, art and a co-work space friendly for start-ups.  OSP has that feel of old college dorm meets painters loft.  The coffee is good, the WiFi is fast and the staff is friendly and they don't harass you, I couldn't ask for more to get work done!
4	OSP is definitely different from other coffee shops. It's got a very laid back atmosphere. I've only gotten their iced toddy, i think it's better than Cartel's. They need better bike racks outside but I've seen people bring their bikes inside so I guess it's not that terrible. Really cool concept, don't expect the norm when you go there.
5	Live in Tempe and can't hit Gangplank in Chandler? Then Open Source Project (OSP) is the best alternative with a good vibe, great drinks and can help you get work done while having fun. Not quite a full-bore "co-working space," but this laid-back coffee shop combines unique art, productivity, music and more in a collaborative space. Unlike other coffee shops (forgive me for not being a Cartel Coffee snob), people are friendly. The space is more open and inviting than others. You can jam out with your ham out and not worry about hitting anyone or knocking over anyone's drinks. The wifi is great because it's free and fast. The tables and couches are spread out so you can get work done, put headphones on or rock out to the music being played inside. Outdoor tables are nice and accommodating. You can also be confident that if you leave your phone or laptop at your seat, no one will run off with it. It's a cozy community environment and people respect each other at OSP. I've been here numerous times and plan to stay here as long as I can. Mike has a good thing going here. Skip the Starbucks and head over to OSP. It's across the street from the APS power facility. If you see Tempe Yarn, you're at the right place.
5	R.I.P. to a great community built by an amazing place. I hope to see these guys again soon .
