4	The owners transplanted from the States and set up this Montreal landmark that's been around since the 1970's!Solid BBQ.. served in a barn! Well, it looks and feels like a barn -- if a barn were two stories smack dab in the middle of a major metropolis. Very homey and down to earth, absolutely nothing fancy or hip-and-happening.If you're tired of all the fancy French food and French women and French beer (yeah, craziness I'm sure), you can come here for a slab of Americana. Their portions will blow you away. They only serve two things: roast chicken or ribs. Men: order "The Whole Hog" and prepare to be humbled. So good, but you'll never finish it all.P.S. Whatever you do, don't let your friends convince you to check out Baton Rouge. It's a Lousiana-style chain and it's pretty bad, especially their bland ribs. Bar-B-Barn or bust!
1	I used to know a Canadian who would brag that this place had the best ribs.  So of course, when I made a trip up there from the States, I had to check it out.  As soon as I walked in, I noticed the pictures of all the celebrities, mostly hockey players, who visited over the years.  So I thought to myself, this place must be as good as advertised.  I ordered the Whole Hawg, which is a full rack of ribs.  All I can say is these are the worst ribs I have ever eaten.  What the hell is that diarrhea they glazed the ribs with?  I'll tell you what it was.  It was a low quality soy or teriyaki sauce mixed with honey.  The whole thing was a dark and sticky mess that tasted like really bad Chinese or Japanese food served at a cafeteria.  And if that wasn't bad enough, the meat was greasy.Everything is cooked on a gas-fired rotisserie, so I wouldn't really call this BBQ.  At least not the American standard for BBQ.  But if this is Canada's idea of BBQ, they can keep it.The poulet was only a little better than the ribs, but not by much.  With such lousy food, I can't believe this place has been around for so long.
5	This place is hands down some of the best ribs and fresh barbucue chix i have tasted!  I got a combo and rib and chix plate and was very satisfied with what was very sweet mouth watering tender ribs...!  The waitress ws very nice and food cameout without hesitation...    I have been going back and fourth to this area for years and will always stop back from now on!
4	every time I go to the belle provence, I go to the barn, get the ribs,krinkle fries and 1/4 chicken combo, comes with a roll and rice and sauce....awesome ribs...go watch the leafs beat the habs at the bell centre as desert......
2	Could be the best Ribs in Canada but I haven't had many good ribs in Canada. I find it awkward when I travel back home to Montreal with American friends and Montrealers will start pushing Bar-B-Barn on the them. From My experience Bar-B-Barn can't compare to even a mediocre U.S. Rib. I'm shocked that there are some positve Yank Yelper reviews.One thing that really pisses me off about this place is the small serving of fries and sauce that comes with most meals. What a rip.
3	Having lived in the South for seven years and having enjoyed Blue Ribbon BBQ here in Boston for over ten I can't say these are the best ribs ever.  They might be the best ribs in Canada.  In any case, they were pretty tasty.  The ribs aren't smoked but have a nice sugar/sweet glaze on them.  The chicken was layered with BBQ sauce and very juicy (always a plus.)This is also one of the few restaurants we've found that can handle a large crowd in Montreal, which is also a plus.
3	You really need to be in the mood for the Bar-B rib spot. It's been around for a very long time and it's starting to show it's age. The staff is old and the place could use a serious face lift and a menu change. The prices are tourist trap prices so do go there looking for a value meal.  It's best not to get too many ribs because the taste gets lost with the sweet sauce.
3	Fun, casual place to eat with your friends. If you're looking for authentic Southern barbeque, move along, but if you want to chow down on some good cheap ribs and chicken, Bar-B-Barn fits the bill. We came here hoping to watch the hockey game (well, the guys wanted to watch the hockey game, and we girls were wanting a place that wasn't filled with drunk hockey lunatics) while eating dinner. No TV, so no dice, but the homey barn-y environment still made for a fun night. Good cheap ribs. The meat was pretty tender. Sweet sticky sauce. Mmmm. I got the small portion with three ribs and fries and that filled me up.
2	I really liked the feel when walking into this place and the service was friendly too. I really really wanted to like the food here. However, the best word I can use to describe the food is FUNKY. I don't think a barbecue participated at all in the making of the food. Furthermore, it arrived cold and the ribs were covered with an odd sauce. Maybe just a bad day?
5	These are the best ribs in town!  I've eaten here half a dozen times.  I hear they have chicken too...never tried it as the rib portion is humongous!!  You must go.  Casual place, jeans are fine.  Decor is dated but part of the atmosphere for a great rib joint!  Unbelievably fast with the meals too, service is great.I've spent a fair bit of time down South.  These are not the same kind of BBQ as you get in the Southern US, not really apples to apples.Compared to most of the US, and Canadian rib joints I've been to, these are great!
2	This is definitely not the place to go for ribs. It's where the Americans go to eat ribs. The ribs actually taste like spire ribs that you eat at a Chinese restaurant and i'm pretty sure they sure frozen fries. They served your plate with a bread and some kind of Mexican rice that tastes like tomatoes.I do not recommend this place to amateurs of ribs.
2	We went here during our visit from MA because our friend remembered it from when he was a kid (early 90s) visiting for hockey games.The atmosphere is fun before a hockey games - tons of hockey fans (Bruins and Habs fans) packed the second floor of this place. It really is a barn - very casual place.Ribs were pretty good but very sweet, tomato-y rice was gross, crinkles fries were most likely from the freezer and the chicken was OK. I couldn't believe the prices -- their combo meal was over $20. A little steep for "barbecue." If you are looking for traditional barbecue - this is not the place to go. I think this is the perfect divey place for a beers - but not for food.
2	A friend insisted we had to go and have the ribs, so we went. The vibe of the place was great - a very family-style, casual retro feel. Had the ribs, and they were cooked well, but much too sweet for my taste. My husband had the combo platter, and found the chicken rather flavourless and greasy. The crinkle-cut fries were fine, but were from frozen. It was 'fine', but I expected more after the my friend raved about the place...must be because he remembered it from when he was a kid.
5	Oh my YUM. Best ribs in the city..no, in the world!! I just love this place so so much that I really have to have a lot of will power not to waltz into it whenever my heart desires..The calories in these plates are definitely through the roof but are so worth it. Absolutely deliciously succulent ribs that can't be beat. Cool homey ambiance, and veeerry decent prices. My mouth is watering just writing about this.....The portions are quite large, so be careful when ordering (that's not to say that I haven't devoured their largest size on more than one occasion.......)..This is not really the place to come for chicken, although a few friends of mine have ordered it and haven't had any complaints.But, if you love ribs, and don't mind making an absolute mess, this is a must try restaurant! yum yum yum yum..
1	Super greasy ribs, sauce overly sweet. More like Chinese buffet spire ribs kind of ribs. Service was ok.
4	This is probably the 3rd time I tried it. It never change and it still good. Most people think ribs has to be very tender and falling of bones and style. There are so many different ways to make ribs tasty. It's also the atmosphere that makes the food tasty. Service is great this time. You need to try a restaurant 2-3 times to judge sometime.
2	Really gone down over the years. I had the ribs, it was covered in a sauce that was overly sweet. The meat was hard and very dry, and burnt. A couple of pieces I just couldn't even eat. It felt like I was gnawing on a bone of bad pork jerky. I don't know if they were trying to hide how bad the meat was with the overuse of sauce. This place used to be good, don't know what happened.
1	This is not barbecue. It's not even bad barbecue. To start with the ribs are not smoked. They taste like they are sauced in teriyaki and sugar. No flavour at all. The "Spanish" rice tastes like chef Boyardee. The fries are frozen. Barbecue in Canada is notoriously bad but this takes it to a whole new level. I felt like I was dining at the old folks home. The decor and ambience are laugh out loud atrocious which would be fine if the food was amazing.   Those yellow lights make everything look jaundiced. I was embarrassed for the server who was apparently and rightfully afraid to ask if we were happy with our meals. I won't be going back there. I'm afraid good barbecue just does not exist in Montreal. I'm spoiled though. Lived ten years in the States though where it's hard to find bad barbecue.
4	I was recommended by some friends to stop by Bar-B-Barn in Montreal.  Definitely the best spot in the city to grab some ribs with friends.  The atmosphere is wonderful, and it has this homey feel to it with the old decor when you first walk in. The service we received was very good. The ribs were tender and slightly sweet, and the onion rings were spot on with it's crispiness! I would definitely go back to this place the next time i'm in Montreal!
