3	i got a text today asking if i wanted to do lunch. When i asked where, the reply was, "it's a food place...I think...but we might turn around and leave once we get there."As we are driving down that road that goes by the new runway of the airport, i see a sign for Dixie's Grill to the right. It seemed to be directing us to a place where you would not expect an eating establishment, but there it was. It doesn't look like much and really it isn't much. But they have a grill and a nice little menu with friendly folks working. On Thursday they just happened to have the BBQ sandwich on special with fries and a tea for $4.95. It was pretty good stuff. The 'grocery' items are sparse and while i expected to see Pepsi cans with the old school packaging and not the throwback version, i was pleasantly surprised to find the new 1st degree Doritos. Of note, they do have a walk in beer cooler. From a glance, you will find little if any outside of the domestic standards. Not so much a destination eatery, but if you live out in West Charlotte, they served a pretty good meal. With my expectations based on appearance and location, this place turned out to be a gem.
4	I got introduced to this place by my co-worker... it's a street side old convenience store looking place by the airport, completed with the "Pepsi" store sign that says Dixie Grill & Grocery.  So it looks "questionable," but let me assure you that they do serve food here.We normally go on Wednesdays (um hum, today) for the cheeseburger lunch special... for $5.25 you get a cheeseburger (I get mine with chili & slaw), side and tea.  The other lunch specials through the week are: Monday 2 hot dogs, Tuesday chicken tenders, Wednesday cheeseburger, Thursday BBQ, Friday porkchop sandwich and Sunday Dixie dog (not sure what that consist of).  I normally get onion rings as my side, but the tater wedges are great too.Personally the owner lady is the highlight of the visit.  She's this feisty older lady who sometimes has a different sense of hospitality (especially toward the male patrons).  But to me, she's always nice and sweet.I like this place... for similar price, I would much rather enjoy my burger here than any fast food joint.  It has characters, make a great quick lunch place.  And that beer walk-in chest is very tempting during lunch :)
5	Excelled food!  Awesome atmosphere, owner Peggy is a sharp-tongued Boston lady who firmly believes the customer is not always right. Don't be offended, it's all part of the charm. Try and burger with "au jus" treatment, the philly, or the Italian sandwich.
5	I love Dixie Grill! It's a fun little place tucked away from all the hustle and bustle of your work day. Family owned and has great atmosphere!  Peggy the owner is one of the funniest ladies that will have you rolling out of your chair. Great food, great people, quick to order and lots of fun. I recommend it any day of the week! You have to try the Italian sub.... yummy! If you can stay and play around, you can always grab it to go! Call ahead! (704) 392-8828
5	Dixie Grill is a hidden gem that is the type of place featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives.  Family owned makes it extra personable and special.  All the food is great.  I have never had anything bad and Donna makes the BEST BLT EVA!
4	The food and service were great.  We each got a cheeseburger, Wednesday special, with an order of onion rings and fries.  The burger was just a great down home burger.  The onion rings, I think beer battered, were awesome.  And the fries are think cut crinkle fries, almost a cross between steak fries and regular fries.  Everything was delicious.
4	Philly cheese steak was awesome. Owner Ms. Peggy came on a little strong at first for my liking but she is a character and a cool lady. This place is a total dive but the food is great and its cheap. It's out of the way and easy to miss but it's worth a trip to check it out.
5	I took some friends to the Dixie Grill & Grocery today and had to warn them before we got there that they were most likely going to be yelled at.  I was glad I did.Peggy likes to make sure that her customers are taken care of - and that they know to follow the rules.  Put your stools back under the table, put your trays back in the pile and throw your garbage away.  She tried to chase down three kids that didn't follow the rules.I've only ordered the cheesesteak & fries, but my friends had hot dogs, chicken parm, italian subs & burgers - all said they were good.  Service isn't speedy - but Peggy makes sure that it gets out in a timely fashion.I wouldn't go grocery shopping here, although there is a beer cave, they don't really stock many groceries.
5	This place is awesome. We stopped here after arriving from the airport. The Philly and Shrimp Po' Boy were fantastic, and on really good, fresh bread. Mom got the Dixie Dog, smothered in chili, French fries, and cheese sauce. Onion rings are hand- battered. Sandwich, rings, and tea for $7.50.
5	Was there yesterday and the lady, I guess Peggy was telling people they had to move for some of the regulars!    Seems to take care of people, told me she was sorry if she had scared me, the hot dogs were really good, and the regular customers were very sweet.
4	Just had a GREaT experience here... I was yelled at, cursed at, watched ppl get punched, and had a very good cheeseburger at the same time. It was a lot of fun. The burger was really good for a grill & the homemade chips were off the charts! The grill was filled with men who enjoyed being yelled at by the female owner! Good times & good food! Don't take young kids
