3	The Big Chill is a very large, upscale establishment with a huge dance floor. They typically host private events, wedding receptions and banquets. It's a must-see if you're looking for a nice place to host your event!I've never had dinner at the Big Chill. Therefore, I'm unable to comment on the food.
4	This is Charlotte's little hidden gem of a venue. Complete with leather couches, a full bar, a fire place and 3 distinct spaces for your event (though typically you use all 3 if your guest list is over 150).The decor is rehabbed art deco and includes a stage for a DJ or band, and the place can fit a 250 person wedding easy. Tyler is the manager and runs a tight ship - with great attention to detail and over and above service. Servers are always cheerful, helpful and attentive. Parking is a bit of a struggle since it shares the lot with Dilworth Neighborhood Grille, but the prime location to Uptown and Dilworth makes going to the bars after the event super easy!
3	This is a CIAA weekend review.The Big Chill is definitely properly named, especially the BIG part, the place is huge, several rooms including one huge main room.  It's also a laid back place for the most part so it was chill. A little on the fancy side but nobody was wearing tuxedos so it was chill in my eyes.The night started slow and the size of the place kind of made it look too big but as people arrived the extra space was definitely needed and appreciated.  The club is big enough that you can dance and have a good time without constantly bumping into everyone around you but also not so huge that you won't still be around other people.The bartenders were good and made the drinks strong but at the same time very reasonable priced. I'm used to DC prices when drinks are going for 10+ dollars, so a 5 or 6 dollar mixed drink was right up my alley.Security and the front door were cool, they knew people were there to have a good time and didn't go through all the pretending that their club was extra hot by making people wait outside for no real reason.  One odd thing I did notice was that the group I was with all brought tickets in advance and some of the group, their tickets were brought by one guy, well at The Big Chill, the person who actually bought the tickets must be present for you to gain entry. I could see this being a problem if you get your tickets from a friend in advance but don't arrive to the party with them, you may have to wait. No huge issue though.There is no real parking lot and if there is, it is either small or hidden, so we valeted the car but even that was affordable and honestly you just feel extra fancy when you pull up to a venue and somebody opens the door for you.The Big Chill was a cool place to have a night out, definitely more fun if you're with a bigger crowd because like I said the place is a bit on the massive side but I judge places about how much fun I had and I had a cool time.I recommend The Big Chill for your partying needs.
4	I came here to participate in a NEW event (Network of Executive Women). It was our Spring event and we were here to listen to Jon Gordon speak about books he had written, and words of inspiration. The place was filled to the brim with people. I was at table 26 and there were about 8 people per table, if that gives you any indication. Since the parking lot is so small, the Big Chill had valet available. The valet worked so hard, they could not keep up with just the sheer amount of volume coming through. I sat in the valet line for about 15 minutes. Once I got out of my car, weaved my way through the tables and sat down, the presentation was great. They have a good stage area, and I think for the most part everyone could see very well. The bathrooms were a bit tricky to access because of the amount of people, and could use some updating. We had lunch available, which was a buffet. They had amazing chicken. I don't know what was on it, but it was definitely a couple notches above the kind of food I expect from these venues. They did a good job at directing people when to go to the buffet. I think it took about 20 minutes to get to the line. Once everything was over I think it also took about 20 minutes to get my car back from the valet. I think most people took advantage, so at the end there was a mad dash. overall, great location, off Morehead, and great venue. Just be aware of parking (because the surrounding businesses will tow)!
4	Very nice venueI saw Jon Gordon speaker for the NEW (executive women) and was impressed with food and how upscale it is
