3	I usually start at West Park and then follow this path down to Sahara and make a right, if I am going for a walk. If Im riding my bike, I take the path all the way down to Flamingo. It is pretty easy on the way down, it's a great work out on the way back. It is all up hill. It gets a little rough when you get to the bridge at Towncenter.
4	I spend a lot of time riding on the Western Beltway Trail whether it's this section or the section that continues south to Tropicana.The trail gives you freedom to ride with greater security than on the streets.  You still have to cross Hughes Park Drive, Sahara, and Charleston but when I ride on Sundays, these streets are generally quiet.The trail north also is one of the best viewing areas for the annual July 4th fireworks at Red Rock Casino.  I ride over about 8:45 and then watch the show at 9.  The path is great for that.  Note:  Metro allows cars to jump the curb and park here for the fireworks so ride or walk there with care.There is an odd curve to the trail at Hughes Park Drive.  The trail ends on he south side and you have to cross HP Drive and then head west on Hughes Park.  Then the trail starts again and does a little loop back until you're at the top of the small hill.  You're then on level ground and can ride to Charleston.The trail north will soon be longer.  The city is extending the trail from Charleston Boulevard to Alexander Road using Southern Nevada Public Lands Management Act funds.  This past weekend, Far Hills Avenue was closed for them to install the new bridge which will allow pedestrians and riders to go over Far Hills without stopping.  The path will go under Alta Drive.  Tentative completion date for the extension is May 1, 2014.  When the extension is done, there will be a 10 mile one way ride from Trop to Alexander.  What a ride it will be coming back up the hill from Alexander to the Summerlin parkway.The trail is great!  Give it a try.
4	Excellent for a long jog, but go early in the morning if it's hot out. This trail is not shaded!The trail is paved and slopes down as you head south. The freeway noise is a bit distracting, but you can tune it out if you bring music. Not bad!
5	My normal routine is to ride from my house near Rampart and Vegas, get to Alta through the Summerlin neighborhoods, ride behind Red Rock Casino, see the construction of the new mall going up over there, and hop on the trail adjacent to the 215 Beltway.  This trail is excellent for cyclists, runners, walkers, and the random homeless person with a shopping cart.  Going south from Charleston Blvd., it's nicely paved and you can traverse it without having to deal with traffic, save for the stoplights you'll encounter along the way.  If it's early enough, you'll get to see the hot air balloons that are often aloft in the southwest part of the valley.  I highly recommend this trail if you're in the area and want to enjoy the great outdoors on your feet or on wheels powered by you.
4	Plenty sunny, and best in the morning with a bit of cool air around. Now extends all the way up to Alexander. Be prepared for a fast down-hill at the north end. Of course its a hard drag going south from there. Great for bikes and runners.
4	I finally went north on the new part of the trail that starts at W Charleston and ends at Cheyenne. Sorry, I was too tired to take photos and it was blazing hot in the sun.So I thought it was going to be a nice steady rise in elevation all of the way up to Cheyenne....wrong! In fact, it was the exact opposite. It was smooth sailing all the way to Cheyenne and then I turned around and the fun began.One more thing about this route is that the bridge at Far Hills is much easier to ride over than the bridge at Towncenter Dr. Also, there is only one minor dip under the road at W Lake Mead Blvd.That was a great work out!! Tomorrow I will try the entire route from Flamingo to Cheyenne.
