5	My boyfriend had acquired a second hand air compressor for his airbrush at an excellent deal, but the poor thing was in wretched shape when he got it. We decided it was worth investing in repairing it because it was still much cheaper than buying one new, so this is where we brought it. There's a small area to the side where they can handle repairs such as these, and we left the compressor with them for a month or so while they acquired all the necessary parts and worked their magic. They were very communicative along the way, calling and letting us know what parts they needed, the costs of each and our options, as well as an explanation as to why there may be any delay. In the end, the compressor now works very smoothly and we only invested about $300-400. Considering the condition it was in, we were pretty satisfied.They have a decent selection of other art supplies, from various papers, canvas and sketchpads to an array of markers, pens, pencils and other goodies for your creative endeavors. There's a section with books and guides. They display pieces from local artists and presumably customers.  A cool little shop in a more 'eclectic' area of town! Closer than Dick Blick's and quite a bit more personable.
1	Terrible selection and the employees don't know jack about what they sell. Also it's just about as overpriced as it can get. Just go to dick blik or arron brothers. Just anywhere but here.
4	It's been a while since my last visit, but they did have everything I needed. I was taking a color theory/composition class which required specify taklon brushes and certain shades of acrylic paint. They had it all, even the paper I was looking for. Yep their pricey, but you get what you pay for, and they are a specialty store. Can't wait to revisit.
3	Spending Mother's Day in Vegas, and being one of those weirdos who'd rather be face deep in my sketchbook than in the casinos or some booby bar, I was relieved to find an art supply store which was just as loaded as the mom n' pop I patronize on my home turf.  Actually, in some ways, I found myself jealous.  These guys stock some gear here that my primary art store stopped selling and want me to special order.  NeeHaw.  The strike though is in the markups.  I know for a fact at my other store, I could've gotten the same gear for roughly $12 less.  I've been shopping there that much.  I think the NV sales tax might have been the primary influence on that score though.
3	H
3	This store is located in a not so safe and clean area.  I was a tad scared to exit my car or even drive through the neighborhood.  When I walked into the store I was not greeted with a smile, you think, art store = friendly people.....guess I was wrong!  They gave me dirty looks but still got me the products I was looking for. I was given a lot of attitude by one of the staff members behind the counter eating his lunch.  I think he was trying to explain the difference between the two products I was asking about but instead I felt like he belittled me.  I did not stay long to look around, I wanted to get out of there!  But from what I saw, they did have a wide variety of stuff and the cans of matte spray I got were fairly cheap. But I will not be going back.
4	I love this place! It's been awhile since I last came in for supplies. You walk in and you get overwhelmed with all the makings of an art supply store. It has a claustrophobic feel to it because of all of the supplies and art all over the place, but everything is organized. It's actually fun getting lost in its labrinth. The employees are always helpful in finding what I need. They answered some simple questions I had to get me back in the groove of things. I can't wait to start using this pencil and paper!Located on East Charleston. Has all your art supply needs. ENJOY!
1	I went there to get some varnish for one of my paintings. I happen to be riding my bike after work. There's no real place to lock up my bike so I thought it would be ok to store it inside on the side somewhere but the old man nodded no before I could get in the door so they can go to hell.
