5	Recently took my Maltese here for a few days while visiting some friends in Scottsdale ! This place was amazing ! They were so friendly and made us feel so at ease about leaving our dog here she loved it ! No cages an actual bed like she does at home in ny !
5	I haven't brought my dogs for an overnight stay but have left them there for a full day of care which is between 10 and 12 hours. The place is great and they don't have to go outside to take care of business as this place is so modern it is self sustaining. My dogs are always tired when I pick them up. $35 for a day (they discount my second dog) is totally worth it. Tony, Lauren and their team are great!
5	Phenomenally 5-stars! I cannot believe this place had only one review!! This amazing place is immaculate, staff is attentive and it's like your pup is living at home, even if s/he's not. The suites are incredible. There are 3 different size suites to suit your dog and your budget! Our golden girl is getting a Sensational Suite. She can have her toys, sleep on a real bed (like she does at home) and have all her other creature comforts to help keep her, well, comfortable while she's away from home. I can tell you this: if you (I mean You!) enjoy staying at the 4 Seasons, Ritz or W hotel, you and your dog will love this place.
5	wow, talk about a fantastic place!!! this place is top notch (both employees and facility). I was impressed with the space, cleanliness and friendly staff.  The dogs are separated by size for doggy day care, and have a few different options if you want to board over night (all the options are cageless so your furry lover doesn't have to be cooped up in a crate all day and night).  Besides the awesome daycare and boarding facility, the GROOMING service is absolutely incredible.  I have been to many grooming studios (I lived in a few different states so I have had my fair share of places to compare) and this is by far THE BEST place i have ever gone to.  I have a toy poodle and I like her cut a particular way (puppy cut and full of fluff).  This place lived up to my expectations and well worth the price!
5	I cannot say enough great things about D Pet Hotel in Scottsdale!!  My pampered yorkie had never been to a dog hotel before-   He has ALWAYS been with me or a close family friend, naturally I was terrified leaving him to fly to the east coast for ten days- I cried dropping him off there, but my tears were for naught.   The staff here is AMAZING. I got daily updates and pictures of Louie and his fun time there. These reassuring emails comforted me more than I can say.  D Pet Hotel made me feel like family. And the place is spotless-  cleanest place I have ever seen. THANK YOU D  Pet HotelYou and your facility are the absolute best!!!!!  Louie cannot wait to return!
5	let me start by saying that i have never, and i mean -never-, considered boarding my maltese, chloe.  that is until my usual pup sitter (father-in-law) was going to be out of town at the same time as me and i had absolutely no one trustworthy to watch her.  i was on the verge of a serious mini-meltdown until i found d pet hotel on yelp.  i decided to swing by one day to check out their facility and was immediately impressed.  the place is absolutely spotless-there's no dog odor (seriously, how is that even possible?), and i could see all the happy dogs playing and having fun through a glass mirror.  a super friendly employee took me on a tour of the place and told me about all the services that my dog would be receiving if i chose to have her stay there.AMAZING PROS: the rooms!  this is what really blew me away-there's an actual bed and flatscreen tv in each of the suites in order to recreate the feeling that your dog is at home.  since my dog has a touch of the separation anxiety, it really put me at ease to know that she would be in a similar environment to our house.  playtime!  during the day the dogs are separated into groups by their size, and get to play in their indoor 4000 square foot park! fun!food! they'll feed your dog their regular diet, regardless of what it is.  i give my pup food that has to be refrigerated, and they have no problems accommodating that. car service! they'll even come and pick up your dog if need be.  i didn't use this service, but it's pretty awesome that they offer it.emails! they email you every day with pictures of your dog so you can see what they're up to and how they're doing.24 hour staff onsite! there's always someone there keeping an eye on the dogs. comforting!CONS:dude, none. i signed my pup up for a 3 night stay on the spot! they made things hassle free by getting all the vaccination info from my vet themselves, so all i had to do was set up a temperament test for my dog.  once she passed that, i brought her in a few times for daycare just so she could get used to the place.  every time i brought her in, chloe and i were greeted by name and i felt as if i had been coming here for years.  they really put all my boarding fears to rest when i had to drop her off for her vacation.  if you're going out of town, or simply want to have your dog in daycare while you're at work, etc., this is hands down the place to go.  d pet hotel is a beautiful, clean facility with outgoing staff members who truly care about your dog's wellbeing.
5	Friendly, great staff! Convenient  hours, and such a great concept! My sweet Maltese is always home by himself during the week, and it just breaks my heart. I was SO excited to drop him off at D Pet Hotel, where he was able to play with all the dogs (his size) that were at daycare as well today. While he was there, he got groomed, the groomer took the time out to give me a call to make sure to ask me about what exactly I wanted, as my Fiance was the one who dropped our pup off (he never knows). The service is unbelievable, and the staff is very friendly and I cant wait to bring my sweet boy back for more puppy day care!
5	When i moved to scottsdale no place would accept my dogs bc they were pit bulls. D Pet hotels was the only place that does not judge the breed. This is the only place i let my 2 playful pit bulls stay. they are so happy to go for day care and so happy when we bored them. even though its pricey it so worth it so you know your dogs are in good hands. lets just say when i pick up my dogs from day care or boarding they are wiped out from playing all day. this place is the best hands down.trust me when i say this, my dogs are my kids and this is the only place that i trust.
5	Because of work We  did not get chance to take our puppy to gromming. the reason i chose D pet because its next (only one min lol)to our work.my puppy's hair is in really bad condition because she played back yard a lot but after we took her gromming at D pet she looks great and the gentleman was very professional he called before and after done grom my puppy.service was wonderful but a Little pricey but it worth it I will definitely bring my puppy back for gromming and would like to put our puppy for day care so she can make fsome friends.
5	My German shorthaired pointer & I just loved D Pet Hotel! We go for puppy daycare 1-2 days a week & also we have boarded him there. The staff is amazing & so friendly, you definitely feel comfortable leaving you dog with them. They are open 7 days a week until 7pm (which is great for those who work). Just a fabulous place, your dog will love it!
5	This place is almost an hour from my house, but I would never take my dog anywhere else, for daycare or boarding.The staff is very friendly, and they obviously like what they do there.  The facility is very clean and modern, and they offer rooms with actual beds, which is important to us since our great dane doesn't fit particularly well on most dog beds.You're going to pay a little more here, but I'm comfortable leaving town knowing that my dog is in good hands, and having a good time.
5	Our dog loves going to daycare here!  She is very welcomed by the staff and other dogs and we love that they don't have breed restrictions, since she's a pit bull!  The staff is incredibly friendly and you can tell they love and care about all the dogs there.  You'll definitely pay a little more here then most places, but we didn't care since she gets to play all day long while we're away!  A great place to leave your pet if you have to!
5	I honestly can't say enough about D Pet Hotels...they are simply amazing. Every time we walk through the door they greet us with smiles and big cheers of "It's Dexter!!!" or "Dexter's back!" Just knowing that they remember him makes us happy. He loves it there so much he bolts to the back play yard without so much as a look goodbye. While tough for us to stomach we love that he is so happy there. I can sometimes get a weeeeeeee bit emotional when leaving Dexter for his visits but the staff is always wonderful. I think it helps that the same people have been working there since we started going, you really feel like you know everyone. They always take time to reassure me of all their safety measures and backup plans in case of an emergency and they remember his medication doses, feeding schedule, etc without any reminders. I one time packed his medicine incorrectly (oh the shame it brought to my Dog Mom ego) but they caught the error immediately. Phew!Even during one of their busiest weekends (July 4th) they sent us daily updates with what I like to call "proof of life" pictures and videos. I swear we didn't ask for them to do that, they did it on their own free will because they knew it would keep our nerves at bay. Getting those updates mean the world to my fiance and I.  We both have a much more relaxed vacation seeing pictures of our boy playing or lounging with our pups. Dexter always has an amazing time and always comes back perfectly fine...I think he actually misses being there when he gets home! I love that he spends so much time in the big yard playing with their staff and other dogs. Other "high-end" pet hotels have you pay for extra play and pet time but at D Pet Hotels that is all included. It is refreshing to know that he isn't stuck in an kennel all day (even though their kennels are WAY nicer than any others I've seen). Dexter sleeps for days when we gets home but I love knowing that he is tired because he had so much fun playing with our dogs.  We live in Tempe and D Pet Hotels is all the way in North Scottsdale, so not a quick drive, but I would never think of having him stay any place other than D Pet Hotels. I am your quintessential "Crazy Dog Mom" so take it from me, D Pet Hotels Scottsdale is the best!OHHH and I forgot, I highly suggest having them get a bath before they come home. Dexter smells simply delicious after he gets a bath at D Pet Hotels. Best smelling dog ever!
5	My boyfriend and I are very much in love with our fur baby gizmo and are pretty protective of him. With that being said d pet hotel is the best! Gizmo loves it there, so much so that when we pull into the parking lot he starts flipping out and makes it hard for me to park the car :) lol. He runs right up to the door and doesn't even look back. Every one there knows gizmo by name and loves him even though he is that one dog that never tires out! (Jack Russell terrier so endless energy) we always feel very at peace leaving our baby here when we go away and they always send updates for fur parents that worry :) d pet hotel is one of the best things that ever happened to us! Couldn't imagine our lives without them!
1	I was interested in their services, but got stonewalled by their website. Their website sucks. No prices listed anywhere, and the 'contact us' form doesn't work. ("Submit" button constantly grayed out)
5	I will never leave my dog anywhere else except D Pet Hotels! Last week, I had to leave town suddenly when a dear friend passed away. Having just moved here, I had no idea where to leave my 15 year old dog. Her "sister" passed away 2 months ago and I was distraught at the thought of having to leave my lab.  I called one kennel and  was told they charged 1.00 a pill per day, because "you want to know that the pills are being given to your dog"...so if you don't pay, your dog does not get the medication? Ludicrous! I visited another kennel and left depressed..the handler looked like a zombie and all the dogs had that look of "please get me out of here". Then I looked on Yelp one more time and saw D Pet Hotels. I assumed I would have another bad impression, but I was completely pleased at what I saw there! The staff is wonderful and Lauren put me at ease about leaving my elderly dog while I was away. Each "suite" is bright and clean with their own tv so your if your dog is used to tv at home, they can still catch their favorite shows while boarding! :) There were several levels of boarding and my dog stayed in a "sensational suite" with lots of room to move around, a mini sized twin bed and a tv! Cassidy checked me in and couldn't have been sweeter or more reassuring. Because my dog is very old and had never been boarded without her sister dog, I had to ask for specific care and my dog's needs were met completely. I did not get any extra fees for anything and I was even sent 3 pictures of my dog on her bed being loved by one of the handlers! Honestly, I was so shocked at how happy my dog looked that I had tears as I looked at the pictures.I called several times while I was away and I was always greeted with...everyone loves your dog..she is so sweet and is getting lots of love from the staff. When we picked her up, she came bounding out, was happy and looked like she had a great time! Most of the times after being kenneled in our home state, she would appear groggy and would literally come home and sleep for a day. When she came home after D Pet Hotels, she was happy, energetic and excited. Something I noticed is that she smelled clean and so did her bedding. Often after being kenneled in the past, she and her bed smelled like an old basement and needed cleaning ASAP but not this time!I have written quite a lot but the bottom line is if you want a place where your dog will be clean, safe and loved while you are away, please choose D Pet Hotels. The next time I need to leave my dog, there will be no anxiety involved on my part. I know my dog will be loved and well taken care of. I also like their hours and that there is someone in the facility 24/7 in case of any kind of emergency. I paid a little more than I am used to, but honestly it was totally worth it!Please don't take your dog anywhere other than D Pet Hotels!
