5	This place is a secret treasure. For thirty bucks I got the best pedicure I've had in Madison.  It's too bad that I was in a rush, but I am very happy with the result. I will be returning.
5	The most relaxing pedicure I have ever had. KLC is super clean and the prices can't be beat. Only $30 for a long massage, perfect paint job, exfoliation, and paraffin wax! Charlie, the owner, did my service and he was super friendly. He found out it was my boyfriend's birthday and put a smiley face on my leg with pink lotion and said I could take a picture and send it to him. Super cute!If you come 9 times to the salon you get $10 off the 10th visit. There is a punch card to keep track of this deal. In addition to the services there is also free filtered water and candies. Fabulous experience! I would recommend the nail salon to anyone!
5	Hands and feet down (pun intended) the best pedi I've ever had.  The amount of time they spend with you and the attention to detail and lasting polish is beyond the 30 clams you'll pay.
5	Absolutely the only place I will get my nails done in Madison. They are very competitively priced and do the most thorough job on both manicures and pedicures.  All the staff and personable and remember me every time I come in, regardless of who did my nails the last time. They have a ton of choices for gel polish (100+ colors) and are always getting new colors in.
3	Generally I love this place. Friendly staff. $30 pedicure includes massage and hot wax treatment. Clean, open space. Charlie is the best.However, be wary of unexpected charges. I was offered glowers on my nails and said, "Sure, why not?" The flowers were only on my big toes, not very nice, and I was charged $5 extra dollars.
5	Wrapping up the best pedicure I've had..ever! Granted, I've never had one at an uber fancy spa, but have been to many strip mall and salon spaces in Madison and beyond.  The owner clearly cares about all customers, checking comfort and temperatue. Great teamwork by staff. They aren't rushing the pedicure and are checking work. Will definitely be back. FYI.. not sure if they take credit cards. I came prepared with cash. Spacious, modern, comfortable atmosphere.
5	Such a great pedicure! $30 gets you all the usual pedicure stuff, as well as a paraffin dip for your feet! Such a great bargain. Wide selection of nail color options, very friendly employees/owner and great massage chairs. Highly recommend KLC nails! Open until 3 on Sundays.
1	I don't understand the rave reviews about this place.  This was seriously the worst manicure experience I've ever had. (And this is coming from a budget nail salon junkie...I'm from Los Angeles, manicure universe, and have spent a few years in Madison for grad school.)Arrival:I called ahead for an appointment, and yet was literally ignored from the moment I walked in the door.  It took almost 10 minutes for anyone to acknowledge that I indeed was a client there for a manicure, and that was because I finally started literally hovering in the middle of the work area.  (There were 15+ employees there.)  Personnel:When I did get called, the young man (couldn't have been older than about 20) who gave me the manicure waved me brusquely over to his table.  He muttered a brief "hello" with no eye contact, and proceeded to give me the roughest, sloppiest, most non-hygenic manicure I have EVER had.  He managed to stare around the room in exasperation every 2-3 minutes, and yet avoided ALL eye contact or even the smallest polite conversation with me.  I literally got outright ignored by him after 2 attempts at polite exchanges.  It was the nonverbal language,  though,  that was the most clear that I was just another inhuman nuisance in his day. Rough, careless handling; refusal to make the most basic eye contact or human acknowledgement; looking in a completely exasperated way around the room every 2-3 minutes (DURING CUTICLE CUTTING, I might add) that gave the impression of thinly veiled near-hostility. Manicure:The manicure itself was as careless and harsh as the employee's demeanor.  My experience is numbered below:0) Overall,  there appeared to be NO SANITATION of instruments, and no rubbing alcohol / disinfectant was used on my newly trimmed cuticle during service.   (In my book, one or the other is a MUST for basic hygiene.)  1) To start, initial nail cutting and shaping was fine.  2) Then, no discernible cuticle cream was used, so he began shoving my cuticle into the nail bed using brute force.  Which hurt like hell.  I even pulled my hand away it got so painful,  which he then treated with supreme annoyance, and pulled my hand back to the table harshly.   As if my uncalled-for sensitivity was getting in the way of him phoning in his work and ushering people through the cattle manicure gates as fast and impersonally as possible.  So he proceeded to shove my bone-dry cuticles down again with brute force, both hurting my overall nail as well as the extremely sensitive area where cuticle meets lower nailbed.  3) The cuticle cutting was worse - he did his exacerbated-look-around-the-room in mid-cut several times, thus partially cutting my skin instead of the cuticle because he wasn't paying attention.  No attention to detail was given here...major hangnails were missed, and skin was cut WAY too low down into the cuticle (causing pain and stinging).  I still had cuticle left in visible spots on my nails, while other cuticle areas were cut far too low into the quick.  4) Last, I just got clear polish, and that was fine (hard to mess that up).Aftermath:- Bleeding: THREE nails that literally bled from the cuticle for 4 days afterwards.  - Infections: TWO week-long nail infections.- Peeling: all nails with strange, slightly painful peeling below the cuticle for a week. Summary:Overall, this is the worst manicure experience I have ever had.  Rudeness, carelessness, unnecessary pain, no sanitization, a sloppy manicure,  and resulting week-long bleeding and infections.
2	I came here after wanting to try a new place from my usual nail salon. I do not think I will come back for various reasons. 1) so the first and most crucial reason is because my no-chip manicure started chipping just 4 days later. They put 2-3 layers of gel on which is very very thin compared to my usual no chip manicure. 2) they play Chinese/Asian music loudly 3) the staff hardly talks to clients but continuously talk to one another in Mandarin.4) the staff ate ramen noodles and Baozi next to me as I was getting my manicure 5) some of the manicure equipment did not seem to be sterilized or clean. 6) from the moment I sat down the nail technician pressured me 3 times to get a pedicure as well, even though I explained to her that I had just had one a few days prior at a bachelorette party. After she gave up on that she persistently told me I should get a French manicure because it is pretty. I always get nude or clear and am not interested in French manicures. But she continued to convince me it is what I wanted. And when she failed at that she tried to sell me on getting color. Tip to KLC, If you want your customers to be happy and come back don't harass them to get things they are positive they don't want. Only pros about this salon was the price, it did not take as long as my other salon takes, and they do a nice little massage they when they are finished. Otherwise those other qualities are not what I'm seeking in a nail salon.
1	Really bad jobs and very poor customer services in Madison ! I don't know why other people reviews who gave credit a few stars in this horrible place . I called for 2 appointments , 1 for me & 1 for my friend at the same time on friday afternoon last week for 2 pedicures & manicures plus french gel shellac on both my toes & fingers for our next saturday weddings . Upon our arrival appointments , a lady ( later I discovered her name is Lee & she is Charlie ' wife , they both owned and operated this KLC nails & Spa ) told us to wait for a couple minutes , but we both have waited for more than 20 minutes , so what is the points of make appointment ? Then Lee called me & my friend to get in 2 pedicure chairs which is not sanitized & cleaned up enought from previous customers , and cuticle nippers , pushers was not sterlized with some bits of skin on it . During our pedicure procedures , the other lady made a cuticle cut on my friend ' big toe & caused it bleeding and it hurts her so badly . It took more than 1 hour 30 minutes to finish our 2 pedicures plus shellac french tips on it , then they took me and my friend into 2 separate tables for our manicures . During manicure procedures , Lee did not pay attention to do her job & She used dirty nails file & buffer from previous customers from her junk drawer and she talked continuously to her husband , Charlie , with her angry voice and face and Charlie responded to her arguments , too . Despite I did not understand all their vietnamese language , but I have been travel to vietnam for my company business a few times and I have learned a lots of vietnamese language when I have been there in vietnam so that I understood & suggested that they both , Charlie & Lee , have problematic family or business issues. Then after it took more than 3 hours to finish our 2 pedicures & manicures plus gel shellac french tip on both our toes & nails , they charged me $ 70 , my friend $70 , I paid them together $140 plus extra $ 20 tip and we decided to leave , but never & never go back to this horrible place again , my friend has wondered & asked me why I tip them & I told her " I tipped them extra $20 because we were under their shoes " . Not going back , unrespectful appointments , horrible jobs & very poor customer services , AVOID THIS PLACE !
