4	Slowly the complex flavors of a generous sized bowl of Pho Dac Biet unfurl like the petals of the lotus flower in this new family-owned establishment! The beef seasoned broth served along rice noodles, thinly sliced beef, meatballs, tendon, is authentic and close to what you would expect from a homemade concoction - easy on the cloves and lean on the fat content.You will also find your staple choices of egg noodle with bbq pork and shrimp soup, various rice or rice vermicelli dishes with grilled chicken, pork, beef and the famous vietnamese iced coffee with condensed milk. Recently inspired from my foodie friend's posting, I was intrigued and had to stop and try it out. Although only officially inaugurated two weeks ago, owners Son & Thao are working out the usual minor opening related kinks but this seems to be a promising outlet for soups & noodle cravings!Definitely must return to try "off-menu" items such as Bun Bo Hue (spicy beef and thick noodle soup) or Bun Rieu  (crab and noodle soup). What surprises do the friendly Sen Vang (Golen Lotus) owners Son and Thao await us on our next visit?Come and find out for yourself!
4	I had the Bun Bo Hue (pronounced "boon-bo-hway). If you've never heard of it, it's a spicy (obviously from the picture) beef based soup that a lot of places serve on the weekend. The broth's balance of salty, sour, sweet and savoury balances on a fine line where a little bit in either direction will throw the soup off completely. There is a profound depth of flavour in this noodles dish, fragrant in lemongrass and spices, the toppings are similar to the dac biet, with the addition of black pepper "cha lua" - Vietnamese steamed pork loaf, the same that's found in banh mi, however, the rice noodles in this dish are thicker and cylindrical.
5	Best Pho in Montreal!! Family owned business, very clean, service is very good. I've tried almost everything on the menu. Bun Bo Hue is the best! Pho Dac Biet is also one of my favourites. Everything is made fresh daily, I am never disappointed every time I visit this restaurant. As for drinks/dessert, their are a lot of varieties. You can try the 3 colour dessert, ask for the 5 or 7 colour (which is not on the menu). It's very good too! Their vietnamese iced coffee is one of the best I've tasted so far.Location is perfect, right in front of cote-st-catherine metro and there is plenty of parking!
5	We wanted to go to the Vietnamese place down the street, but it was closed. I am SO glad it was! We got tea, egg noodles and pork vermicelli. The egg noodle soup was absolutely phenomenal. Tasted so authentic, full of flavor, like walking in the door after a long trip home. The vermicelli was also very good and the salad on top was fresh and vibrant. Sonny the owner was very kind and outgoing. I would definitely go back. Again and again!
5	Great bun, great service, great prices.
5	Excellent pho, grilled meat with rice, imperial rolls and vermicelli with options for small and large for noodle soup dishes.  We ordered Bon Bo Hue and it was delicious. It tasted authentic and had flavorful! They also have egg noodles! As for drinks, they had good Vietnamese iced coffee with condensed milk. The food was fresh but it took a little long to be prepared. The server was extremely kind and helpful. The restaurant is very casual and small. Highly recommended to anyone who likes Vietnamese food! The price is well worth it (~$7-9 depending on dish).
