5	This is a fantastic newish place located on that "difficult" section of Buccleuch Street that you could easily end up walking past.But don't!Especially if you are in the mood for a pot of tea and most importantly, some Proper Home Baking! Everything is made on the premises, right down to the traybake and jars of cookies. Think Victoria sponges with freshly made butter cream and fresh fruit, lemon drizzle loaf, chocolate and almond sponge, rhubarb loaf and to-die-for bakewell slices ... all excellent, with great sandwiches etc too.The interior is quite quirky with an added bonus of a rotating art display by students from ECA.Definitely worth a visit and five stars for the home baking and offering something different.
4	Sweet, dainty and down to earth, this is a lovely old fashioned tea room. We visited when it had recently opened and look forward to it blossoming over time with more little cosy features. Star player - flour free chocolate cake and little pastel tea potsGood selection of teas, cakes and savouries. Overall, very lovely :-)
4	Such a pretty little tea room! I visited recently for tea and cake with some friends and was really impressed by this dainty little cafe. Beautiful lacy table cloths and fresh tulips (my fav flower) on the tables and best of all a stack of home made cakes displayed proudly in the window for everyone to see. (I really liked that the cakes weren't hidden away behind glass somewhere. It made it feel like I could get right up close to the cakes before making the tough decision of what to have.) The menu has a good choice of teas and and also had flour or dairy free cakes for any coeliac or lactose deficient people out there. The flour less chocolate cake was so moist and rich that I actually had a second slice, the trip was worth it just for this cake!
4	The cakes are heavenly and the qaintness of afternoon tea appealing, nice views to Arthurs Seat on a good day, only downside... need a bigger premises :D
4	I had been looking to try Tea at 94 for a few weeks. Fellow Yelpers had rated it highly but the big question for me would be if they had gluten free cake. The new inaugural meeting of the Yelp book group was to be held here and first impressions were good. Having marked calendars, diary and work schedules for book group, I arrived early to find the Tea at 94 ladies setting up our table. The cakes looked awesome and I instantly made a mental note to return with my mum for a girly Saturday afternoon cuppa with cake.I had tweeted to find out about gluten free options and was told there were cakes provided by ilovepurecakes which I LOVE. Sadly there had been a failed delivery but free Burgh Bakes marshmallows were provided (another of my favs) and there was an awesome looking flourless choc cake to try too.The flourless chocolate cake is fantastic! Sheer scrumptiouness with enough goo in the middle to be utterly decadent and lovely. The girls had been concerned it may not be totally GF as its made in the Tea at 94 kitchen with non GF cakes but I had no issues.I loved Tea at 94 and will return out with book group meetings. The cute tea room with its vintage plates, sheer cake porn (I'm returning to get the raspberry cloud cake recipe to adapt to GF), and the lovely, friendly staff and great service, make this little tucked away gem, well worth a visit.
3	Tea Jenny by name and Tea Jenny by nature, when I heard of Tea at 94 opening I was very excited. It's close to me, it's a lovely wee tea shop with many, many types of cake and it epitomises the British culture of afternoon tea (taking 4 hours to drink tea, eat cake and chat).Teat at 94 definitely delivers on the tea and cake front. They have loose leaf tea and you can really taste the quality. All the cakes are made in-house by the owner, and the pink cloud (?) cake is one of my favourite! I also tried the carrot cake - so moist and really very moreish. So for cake and tea = ultimate win.The space is quite small, beautifully decorated, although perhaps still settling into itself to feel really homely. It'd be lovely when winter rolls around if it were warm in here, so you could snuggle in with a good pot, a cake and a book for a few hours.
4	This is a cute little tea room just off the Meadows. I wasn't massively impressed on my first visit; it seemed a bit bare and cold. However, the place has really grown on me over the past couple of months. I've eaten here a couple of times and the food has always been tasty, with keen prices. Don't expect anything fancy - they do sandwiches, soup, paninis... that kind of thing. Where T@94 really comes into its own is the really nice selection of tea and amazing line up of home-made cakes. They look really, really yummy. The staff are always very accommodating and friendly. There are some sweet touches too, with flowers in teapots and pretty tablecloths. I suspect this is a bustling little place during the day, although I haven't managed to get along of an afternoon yet. It's certainly a highlight for the street.
4	I'm writing this months after I went so keep that in mind.  But I really liked this place.  Just a nice small breakfast place where I had Eggs and Toast.  It was yummy and right down the street from part of the University of Edinburgh's campus.  If I'm ever back in Edinburgh (which I hope to be) and near this area of the city I'd definitely go again.  it was a affordable and comfortable.
4	white chocolate blondies!!!!!!!!! grenadine and vanilla tea!!!!!!!!!  it was like heaven in a cosy wee tea shop off buccleuch street :)after a brief wander past the meadows i arrived at Tea at 94 for the yelp book group meeting greeted by the friendly owner.  i took a seat with Claire L as we mused over the menu and what delights to order.  this tea shop is small, but don't let that put you offer.  what it may lack in size it definitely makes up for in options.  they have a lengthy tea menu which also includes daily specials.  i also liked that when i opted for one tea the owner suggested i try one of the specials as she said it was similar and thought i might enjoy it more.  i did and i want to go back to have more grenadine and vanilla tea!  also they had almost a dozen cakes/baked goods on offer.  including two gluten free options!  i was seriously tempted by the raspberry frangapine but then i saw the how big the slices of the blondies were and temptation took over.  this blondie was delicious, big chunks of white chocolate a soft buttery texture and it just made me smile.  in fact i'm smiling now writing this review just reliving the first bite.this was a fab wee place and i look forward to more yelp book group meetings here :)
4	Lovely place, lovely food.I firstly went to Tea at 94 when it was hosting a meeting of the Yelp book club. It has been nice to see that the fellow Yelpers really exist! I gave a quick glance inside and I saw that a little group was already there, while two more Yelpers were arriving a little bit later. I was in a mood of gratefulness for all the reviews and tips I've read for months, before arriving to Edinburgh. They helped me to escape any "meh" experience during my vacation. Then I was somehow tempted to go in to thank everyone, but I didn't want to disturb the atmosphere, so I just said a great "thank you" in my mind...where also I kept my considerations about the dualism I found in the Francis Scott Fitzgerald's novel: willing-faith; weight-light; unavoidable-uncertain; East-West; where only the harmonious composition of the diverging factors could have allowed the great Gatsby to return to the dreamt past (the more I write this, the more I consider you lucky that I didn't enter!)But I didn't need a wormhole to go back to Tea at 94 a couple of days later, this time entering without any doubt.I loved it at first sight. everything is like Claire L. described in her review. The waiter was so attentive and welcoming that I wished to be more hungry to accept every advice she was giving to me.I had a Scottish breakfast tea (since I asked for local flavours) and a very large slice of a pink cake with red fruits and cream. Both very well prepared and tasty.Another perfect piece of memories set to complete the mosaic of my beautiful holiday.
4	Tea at 94 has not only a great selection of teas but I also love the amazing fresh cakes! The staff is so super welcoming and friendly that you will always see a smiling face inside. There is a nice selection of art, including kids' art, on the walls that somewhat disguise the plain walls and furniture. I've only ever come here for book group and, although I am not sure if they have wifi, I should try working from here. The cakes, especially the chocolate and raspberry torte I had yesterday, are fantastic and reasonably priced, too!
4	Tea at 94 was the first place to become a favourite spot for me when I moved to Edinburgh, and not just because I lived practically opposite.The pink exterior and seriously cute signage outside give a good flavour of what to expect within, although bright splashes of colour from the cushions and artwork add a lively touch to keep it from slipping onto the wrong side of twee.The service is delightfully chirpy and personal, but never intrusive. Perhaps because of its location, Tea at 94 still seems to be something of an undiscovered gem, so don't come here if you like bustle; when I go with a friend we are often the only people there.As well as the yummy homemade cakes, there's also usually a little plate of adorable mini-pastries, which the proprietor tends to wave at us just as we're thinking we're done. They're a cheap and delicious way to extend afternoon tea just a little further!While teashops also sell coffee and coffee shops also sell tea, there is certain nuance in being a teashop and not a coffee shop. Tea at 94 has this down to - forgive me - a T. A delicate jumble of cups and saucers from a range of sets usually leads to the "mine's prettier than yours" game, and even if you're not particularly into scones, if you pass up a chance to try the jam they serve you are definitely missing out.
5	What a cute tea house!  I came because some new friends invited me to meet them there, and I love this place. The cakes are all hand made and seriously (too) good.  They have a good tea selection and those I've tried have all been new to me and I've enjoyed them all. The owner is almost always there, and otherwise everyone is super nice and chatty.  My friends had food and it looks good, and they go there often, so it must be.
