2	Okay ... So I was slightly thrilled when I found their delivery menu jammed into my door. Oh boy! Another restaurant that will bring food and beverages to my little dwelling, sparing me the annoyance of cooking. Well, I had the opportunity to try them out last night. ... Meh. I gave them one star for the lovely Veronica who answered the phone, spoke perfect ENGLISH, and took my order with friendly efficiency. That was truly a delightful surprise! The second star is for the very FAST DELIVERY time ... Under 30 minutes, despite the fact that the driver had trouble finding me. The lack of any other stars reflects on the wildly overpriced lasagna ($14), which arrived barely luke warm and with no accompaniments other than 2 short, doughy, greasy bread-sticks. No salad, no soup ... nuthin'. REALLY? $14 for a single serving of bland pasta filled with meat and a little cheese and hardly any sauce?! What really annoyed me, was that I had to actually heat the lasagna in a 350 degrees oven for 1/2 hour to get it to a point where it was slightly hot around the edges, but still only warm in the center. Grrrr .... Turning on the oven pretty much negates any benefit of getting food delivered, so I was NOT PLEASED. I felt like I did half their work for them. It was as if they had thawed out a pan of frozen lasagna, stuck it under a heat lamp and waited for the orders to pour in. FYI guys ... Pouring 1/2 cup of hot marinara on a 5-inch slab of room temp lasagna will NOT heat it through. Lesson learned: When ordering from a place with "pizza" in their name, stick to the pizza!
5	Absolutely the most amazing food! Staff is fantastic - so much better than when it was villa pizza.
2	My friend and I stopped in here on a fluke; we wanted to eat somewhere we hadn't before and we usually tend to go for Italian anytime, anywhere. We came upon Carmine's and decided to go in.It was kind of a mess from the start. The boss's daughter (who looked to be about 8 or 9 years old and was wearing a Justin Bieber t-shirt) got our drink orders. That struck both of us in an odd and uncomfortable way, you know, with child labor laws and all.My friend ordered a water and it came with a lemon in it; he told them could he have a water without lemon in it and the girl just took it back, took the lemon out, and served it right back to him. Come on, we're not stupid, we can taste if there's been a lemon in the water.The plain cheese pizza we ordered took a good 20 minutes to come out to us, and I'm not gonna lie, it was pretty "meh". The cheese was falling off in clumps. We only ordered the cheese pizza 'cause the prices were definitely outrageous. The 18" pizza we got was $14. We definitely wanted toppings and all but each additional topping was $2...so cheese pizza it was.Service was kind of slow, which is bad, considering there were only 3 other people in the restaurant.I wouldn't exactly recommend this place to anyone; Carmine's Little Italy on the West side of town has a better atmosphere and better service (the prices are somewhat similar, however).
4	It's back to basics for the original owners of Villa Pizza. This location was originally Villa Pizza- home of the New York style cheese pizza. Like my husband, I ate here many years ago, my college years- the calzones and pizza were the best things on the menu. My husband liked it so much that his bachelor party started here for dinner. Years later,  it was sold and renamed Amalfi Pizza, claiming the same ownership, which wasn't true. The pizza recipe had changed- too much of a spice in the pizza sauce. Fast forward a few years, a buyback, a complete makeover inside ( think italian vineyard), and back to the original owners. It was amazing inside, considering it was a sports bar before- it was a nice surprise. We had dinner there with my father in law and his wife (who know the owners, by the way). We had the cheese pizza (delicious), and a dinner salad. The cheese pizza was just as how Villa Pizza made it (the original new york style cheese pizza). Carmine and his son (who also manages the other restaurant locations as well) said Hello, which was nice. This family owned and operated (open 7 days a week) place has: appetizers, salads, pizza, calzones, pasta, hot & cold subs, pizza by the slice (cheese @ $2.25 ea), and catering is available.Coupons were mailed out to those who live in the area. Special on Sunday, Monday, & Tuesday: Large Cheese Pizza for $9.95, 5 pm- 9 pm dine in only.
2	I was drawn in by the $4.95 lunch special sign, when I asked for the chicken finger special the server told me it was only 2 fingers and I probably didnt want it. Ok. then I asked for the regular fingers for $8-9 (i cant recall) and the server then told me its only 5 fingers and it comes without fries. So I ordered the 2 slices special, it tasted pretty bad, the sauce tasted like prego, and was very bland. I felt awkward sending the food back so after I had half a slice, I left $5 on the table and left. I dont plan on returning. Albo's pizza is less than a city block away, its cheap and tastes great.
3	pretty good food. ive had their lasagna, sausage past something, and their pepperoni pizza. its always been pretty decent. i keep them in my rotation of pizza delivery. as a few other places have fallen off.
5	great food, top pizza in town, carmine vento is a pizza legend in vegas! founder of villa pizza (no longer owns anymore)! also check out his re opened remodeled restaurant on Marks/Warm Springs next to the sunset station!pizza has tasty mozzarella, sweet tomato sauce, white taste in that crust, brick oven cooked made to perfection! great dine in deal lunch time around $7.99 i believe?
1	Yikes and meh are the two words that come to mind when thinking about this place. I know that might not make much sense, allow me to elaborate. I'll start with meh. The taste. Very meh. The pizza was a bit bland. We only ordered a cheese and pepperoni as it was costly to get it piled with ingredients otherwise. Besides, we were trying this place out and needed to know if they can get the basics right first. It wasn't bad, but not fantastic either. Nothing I would return for. The dining area was average. I liked The vineyard look to it. It was a little odd how it appeared half "date worthy " restaurant and half sports bar if you catch my drift. Something wasn't adding up. We were almost alone. There was another patron eating a slice. Why so lonely on a weekend? Oh wait......there was one more visitor......that's where the "yikes " enters  this story.ROACH!!!!!! Yes. I said it. I even screamed it while I was eating! This bug was walking up the wall right beside me just as we were finishing our food. I know, I know. Bugs are a natural part of this world and most if not all restaurants battle insect intruders constantly. However, an establishment that is kept clean shouldn't have roaches crawling up the walls next to patrons trying to enjoy an over priced bland meal! We ran out the door after that, never to return.
3	A couple of my friends on here noticed I've had some check-ins for Carmine's and asked me what I thought. To be honest I'm not sure what to think yet. This place is very close to my work so every time I go out for lunch and find myself stopped at the light at Maryland and Sahara I see their sign. Pizza. (Which is one of my most favorite things!) I always seem to look at it. So after having had way too much good Thai food lately I decided to go back to my original food love and give Carmine's a try. But here's the problem. For lunch I don't want a pizza, it's too much. I end up ordering Strombolis instead. I wish I could say I loved them, but they're just missing something. Oh the crust is good, it's light, crispy, but once you bite into it the experience is just so-so. It's still better than the overhyped Due Forni offerings, but it's not OSP or Settebello good either. The marinara sauce I got the first time was really ho-hum so this time I asked for pizza sauce to dip into. And it left me wishing it was a bit spicier. When I sit there wishing for something to spike it up a bit, that's not good. Also today the service was a bit slow, so much so that I was worried I would be late going back to work. Decor wise it seems clean inside, you can tell it used to be a sports bar but I don't mind watching NASCAR qualifying while having lunch so it's no big deal for me. Also one other note on service, it's always been friendly and helpful, and my drinks never ran out. So how to grade this place? I'll split it down the middle. 3 Stars. But I reserve the right to upgrade or downgrade it based on a review of a couple of slices in the near future. One other note: My average ticket here is $12. Not exactly a cheap lunch.
2	Another visit, another Stromboli, dropped one topping choice, added 2, ordered an ice tea and left a reasonable tip and I dang near dropped $20 on this place. WTF was I thinking? Trying to rationalize my stupidity I'll say this is the price I pay for convenience as it is close to work and with a short lunch hour you do what you have to do. But all that money got spent and for what? Boring food. In 3 hours I will have forgotten about what I had for lunch. And since I'm in whine mode let's roll with it. I don't mind a place making money but $3 for iced tea is what I'd pay for a bottle at Kauffman Stadium back in Kansas City and we all know stadium pricing is ridiculous. As for the vaunted crust, the same stuff is used to make the Stromboli and it's not all that. And the pizza sauce if you like to taste tomatoes is ok, but it really needs some spices....The bottom line: I need to go exploring other places to eat and kick myself out of food ruts like crappy strombolis. And who in the heck puts salami in a stromboli? Bleech. That's what I subbed out, give me my black olives and tomatoes, keep the pepperoni and mozzarella. At least the server working today was smiling and was running her rear end off, and the LVMPD gang unit came in which was interesting. But as I said by 3 pm if someone asked what I had for lunch today I'd have to think about it...as it really was unmemorable.
1	More like Crapmine's Pizza.  This place can suck it.  I ordered a pizza for delivery and was told it would be 20-30 minutes.  After waiting patiently for over an hour, I gave them a call and was told the driver was 2 minutes away.  20 minutes later, I called them to complain.  After my 30 second rant, the scum on the other side of the phone was like, "I'm sorry brah, what was that?"  Psshh.  Whatevs.
3	I lunched here a few weeks ago and the food was great...but the service was less than stellar. In all fairness I was with a pretty big group and we respectfully sat further away from the other dinners to not disturb everyone else's dining experience...but that meant out server often forgot to come check on us. There is an awesome lunch special for two slices and a drink for like $5.00. The menu had variety and they make a sandwich with pizza dough/crust in lieu of bread. I will give it another shot, but next time I will sit in a different section.
1	pizza dough was good but everything else was way too salty. Do they ever taste it before they serve foods?
2	The pizza is sub-par at best. Garlic bread was okay, but they use garlic powder instead of garlic. And, for a Saturday at 7 pm, it was dead!
3	I thought the pizza was good.   I think I would improve on the sauce a bit.   The dough is excellent but the sauce was missing flavor.   Overall not horrible, but just nothing to push you to return over and over again.
2	Just really mediocre and slightly overpriced.  My sub sandwich had salami, ham, and cheese, a slice of tomato and a few pieces of lettuce...boring.  As for ambiance...how about dust covered plastic grapes hanging from the ceiling, and a fat guy (Carmine himself) sitting at the front table talking loud.  It was like a scene from one of those restaurant renovation shows.  Don't bother.
1	this place is going downhill and fast.. delivery service sucks. period. today I was quoted 10 minutes and it's been over 40 and I am less then a mile away. the last time I ordered delivery, I waited over an hour for my order only to call and find out I was out of their delivery area.. (obviously when I lived somewhere else) the fact that I had to call, only to find out that they wouldn't deliver to me.. I was livid. get it together cause ur losing business.oh and my order was wrong. correct on the ticket but not in the box. nice.fun fact : I praised this place over a year ago.
2	We are among the OG's who used to eat here when it was Villa Pizza. The kids and my childlike brother always loved the sweet tangy sauce. ( In later years, my brother made a discovery of empty cans of Campbell's tomato soup in their trash. Coincidentally, this was always my mother's "secret ingredient" in spaghetti sauce. My mother was not even one smidge Italian. She was a white girl from Idaho.)Don't worry about what my brother was doing in their trash.Anyway, Babygirl and I were jonesing for pizza to go with our evening of the "Walking Dead" (eat first, view later!), and she decided it had to be the glorious pie of her childhood memories.  We picked up so I can't comment on the delivery, but all went well with our order. A large cheese is about $14, which isn't too bad. The pizza did taste pretty much the same as before, which is 4 stars from her and 3 from me. The thin crust is nice and chewy and had a decent char. The chicken wings were nice and meaty but a little tough, but they do have great ranch dip- nice and garlicky. They were at a steady 3 stars until we tried the meatball sub. Yuck! Meatballs should be moist and tender- these went past that and deep into mushy. Tasted like more filler than meat. I think they used that recipe from the poor relative's barbeque in "National Lampoon's Vacation".  Gave most of it to the very surprised dog, who never gets anything. He ate it, but last night he was eating a rat, so I wouldn't depend on his opinion.
2	I reserved a day ahead for a family birthday party (15 or so).  Guy was nice, and said; "we would have **** as our server, she was a longtime waitress and good"Move on to birthday dinner.I arrived and 8 of the party were present.  It appeared the orders were taken haphazardly...and then not coming back to check for any other orders or arrivals.  This system left us with food that  arrived and was not enough to serve everyone-- as others had arrived while we waited.  We did not all have our food choices to eat as a group.  We had to ask 3 times for plates to actually try to share some items.  One person in our group went up and got her own plates. Then there was need for utensils, drinks, condiments. You guessed it, we had to ask, look and ask some more.All said the food was OK.  Special request for altered menu items were not done.  The reservations was for a birthday party..we had to ask for some sort of dessert we could put a candle in.  Waitress responded in a gazed manner...oh, we don't   really do that.  We said we would pay, so she offered cake or cheese cake.  All in all we had plenty of room because this place is not really hopping.Service..needs helpFood ok...average. Atmosphere..average for a pizza place.  Outside vagrants begging for food, standing next to the parked cars.Oh they don't take ATM or split the checks, so we had to cross dark Maryland Pkwy to a Dotty's for ATM cash...geeeez.I was so hoping for a central restaurant 'find' for our family gatherings.  This will not do.
4	Gotta give it a 4 since the pizza is pretty good, not the best, but the best you will find on East Sahara.  I have never dined in, and probably never will because the place always seems a little dead and the waitress/cashier/hostess/manger person is always having a spat with the cook.  I have picked up from here many times, there is always a different person running the show are that individual has never been very personable.They do not deliver, so dine-in and carry-out are your only options.  Definitely call ahead and time your drive to arrive at the restaurant after your pizza is ready. Get your pizza and get out! That is my advice.The pizza has been consistently good.  You won't be disappointed with the pie.
3	My co-workers and I ended up at Carmine's the other day, when we scheduled to to a Paint & Party event.  The owner of Paint & Party picked the restaurant for us, and I was pleased.  We had the space that we needed to do our thing and have some privacy, and the food was pretty good.  3 of us split a large Carmine's Special Pizza, which was perfect for lunch.  We each got our fill, and it was delicious! Thin, crispy crust with just the right amount of toppings.  Service was also great!
