5	This place is exactly what Market Street and the DC Ranch area needed. This is a great place to catch a game, quick bite, gather with friends or have dinner with the family. The food is great and the staff is friendly. I think this place will stick around longer than many Market Street tenants - it's simple, inviting and provides a much needed atmosphere.
3	Much needed casual place in DC Ranch. Service is great with energetic servers. Food is below average, but about meets expectations for a bar (Zipps has much better burgers). Munchies like chili fries, onion rings etc are good and so are the salads. Burgers were dry, the meat loaf sandwich was tasteless and the tacos on their advertised taco Tuesday were horrible. I will continue to go back for the convenience,atmosphere and the bar type finger foods. Do not go if you want anything better than a less than average meal. If you want a place for beer, munchies, friends and a game it is a good choice.
3	I was really looking forward to trying this place - great location, great idea, even a chance to reminisce about life in Chicago before we moved to the desert and had kids.  Seemed family friendly and we got seated right away even though it was busy for a Friday night.  Prices were reasonable, lots of variety, and a decent variety of beers and wines.  My Buffalo Soldier chicken sandwich - grilled with spicy sauce and gorgonzola, had the tiniest piece of chicken in the middle - not too full and no chance for leftovers.  The sweet potato tater tots - okay, but really prefer the sweet potato fries at a similar locale.  My hubby liked the Fish Fry Friday, but never got offered the second helping of his "All You Can Eat."  My two little girls were so disappointed in the mac and cheese - my less-picky one started right off by saying "This is terrible!"  And she eats everything!  I tasted it and agree with the other reviewer - so bland!  Flour and milk and butter doesn't make mac-n-cheese!  You actually have to add a tasty cheese to the sauce!  Then we asked to swap out the m&c for their fastest food - corn dogs.  30 minutes later, the girls finally got their dinner.  The Manager was very apologetic and comped their meals, but somehow the idea of "expediting" the girls dinner didn't make it through the kitchen staff.  For all the trouble, ordering pizza for take-out would have been a much better experience!  Hope they get things figured out there...could be a fun place for years to come!
2	I was excited that (yet) another restaurant opened in this location. It's convenient and a beautiful spot, yet it seems to have an invisible revolving door, so you never know what will be there from month to month (or so it seems). Since West Addison is so new, I have to give a lot of leniency for working out the kinks. It's inevitable and forgivable. That being said, I promise to return and give them a second shot down the road... if they are still open.I agree with most of the kid-related comments below. What are you? Bar or family restaurant? Even if you are a family restaurant, come on people, wrangle your offspring. Our generation was not brought up that way. If we were lucky enough to be taken out to eat, we were expected to behave properly. So true, Nick S., this is not Chuck E Cheese. But I digress. As of this writing, the restaurant is just OK. The food was fine. The wine was over-priced, tiny pours (though I do like the stemless glasses), and the waitress had zero ZERO! personality. We observed some of the other servers around us and they all were personable, friendly, helpful... we were jealous. Ours sucked. I don't remember her name but she had short blonde hair and never smiled once. Not once.  The environment is super loud. Perhaps because of the low-ceiling area in the back, where we sat. (Up front has high, vaulted ceilings.) Perhaps because of the drunken cougars at the next table. Or because of the maniacal children running around, screaming. Hard to say. If I give this place another shot, I'll bring a jacket (it was chilly that night) and sit on the patio. Less rugrats, cooler, quieter. And the nice waitress was working the patio!
4	Let me start by stating that I have only been to this restaurant once, which is why I have not given five stars.  Meaning, that I have not had the opportunity to determine whether the food and service that I experienced is now consistent, or consistently better than the prior reviews listed here.To my fellow Yelpers here, I am sorry, I completely disagree with your expectations that a restaurant is responsible for the behavior of the children frequenting it.  The restaurant should be rated on what is in its control.  I do not work, nor have ever actually worked, in a restaurant, but I am able to recognize how difficult it would be for a restaurant Manager/Owner to comment on the behavior of the children of their patrons without offending them and losing them as customers altogether.I attended a networking event at this restaurant last night and was quite pleased.  I love the bar.  But it is not a Legends or a Zipps, and that is why I love it.  It is not a bar for the guy who wears his team jersey around town, but rather the guy who just wants to have a beer and watch a game after work with a colleague or a friend.The Staff was incredibly friendly, the food was good, and the drinks kept coming, so I was happy.  Now, could they have been on their best behavior for us?  Possibly.  But I am glad that they WANTED to be on their best behavior for us.
4	Good beer selection and decent food. I recommend the potato skins for an appetizer with prime rib chili on top. For an entree try the blackened chicken Alfredo. Also great place to watch games at.
3	I've been to West Addison a few times. This restaurant/bar is right next to the Armitage Restaurant. Addison & Armitage are two street names in Chicago. You might remember the scene in the Blues Brothers when the state troopers and the Illinois Nazi were camped outside Wrigley Field, home of the Chicago Cubs, looking for Jake & Elwood Blues. That's because Elwood put down 1060 West Addison on his driver's license as his home address.So with a name like West Addison I'm figuring this is a Chicago place....NOT! Why do they have a picture of the legendary Green Bay Packer's coach Vince Lombardi instead of displaying the beloved papa bear George Halas? My wife and I were watching the Chicago Bulls play the Raptors and all of a sudden the game was switched to the NY Knicks game, WTF. BTW, they had about 3 other games on as well. Why did you pick to turn off DA BULLS? Got some lame excuse from the waitress, complete FAIL.Enough about the ambience and on to the food. On past visits I have had the ribs which were good but not great. I really love the sweet potato tatar tot appetizers, simply amazing. The nachos are substandard and the wings are ok. I enjoyed their burgers. But I really love their chicken strips on the appetizer menu which comes with waffle fries, this is only $6 during 3-7pm happy hour.
4	Came here for St. Patty's Day with a group of friends for St. Patty's Day.  The promo advertised free cotton candy, face painting, snow cone, balloons for the kids.When we got there, ther were already a ton of kids there and all the families looke like they were having a good time.  There was a live band playing creating a lively atmosphere.The area was enclosed so it was great to mingle with my friends while the kids played and ran around.  We were able to order food right from the outdoor grill.  And the food was served up promptly and quickly.The 'family' portion of the party ended at 7pm so we left at 6:30pm.  When we left, the place was still plenty crowded and more people were still arriving.West Addison advertised a fun time for all and they delivered~ we had so much fun!!
1	Just picked up food from there. They forgot one order of meatloaf so i waited 5 minutes for them to bring that out, then when we got home they had forgotten the veggie burger. When i called up to let them know i spoke with joe the manager he said he said " we got slammed with a bunch of tables and he would go put the order in" then hung up on me. most managers apologize and try to make it up for screwing up an order being that one person has to eat 20 minutes after everyone else. But Joe probably came from managing a taco bell. Will never go again and would not recommend to anyone.
5	APRO's 6th Anniversary Party was GREAT!
3	Decent beer selection and an alright bar menu make this place worth checking out for a game. TVs are located at every booth. My favorite dish here has to be the roasted half chicken with mashed potatoes and roasted vegetables.
4	Good, not great, not bad is the theme of this place.It's good if you're looking for decent happy hour prices and food. Nothing outstanding, but nothing to really complain about. Tons of TV's to watch whatever sports are on, although one time when we were there, the guide was stuck on one TV, and it was all of the pay-per-porn channels, which was hilarious. Good happy hour prices and a good beer selection. The food has ranged from boring to pretty good. Nachos, totally lame- chips, tons of cheese, a few grilled onions, and about 4 hunks of chicken. However, the salads I've had were really good- lots of ingredients and flavor and good portions. And the sandwiches were great choices, too. The atmosphere- great if you have kids, which is odd for a place with good happy hour deals and tons of TV's. We brought our babe and it was surprisingly appropriate because just about every table had kids. But if you're looking for a young, fun, happening happy hour spot, this isn't it. Unless throwing back some milk is your poison.
4	From reading previous reviews it probably does not come as a shock that the service was NOT GOOD.  The staff, including the manager were playing darts and pool, which kind of through me off.  Our server did not know that there were specials on Sunday, which is the main reason we drove there.With that said the food was awesome and we loved the atmosphere!  I will definitely be back to watch a game or grab some appetizers and drinks at there happy hour.
3	The is a large restaurant / sports bar in DC Ranch. The food is above par but the service is a little slow (especially for such a dead night). I like the pool table and I'll guess on game day they really pack em' in. I shall return for another try after the summer ends.
4	Its hard to dislike this place for what it is... good food, really cool layout, great service and enough TV's to make your brain explode... The problem: DC Ranch has turned into a freaking ghost town... I work here and I swear to god you could run around naked in the streets and probably no one would notice. I guess that is the real estate markets fault but jesus...I would give Addison St. 5-stars because it is a great spot, but rightfully, I have a hard time even given it 4 stars because every time I go in there, I am one of maybe 3 people who don't work at the restaurant. I better get damn good service lol...Hopefully DC Ranch and Market Street will return to what it once was, but until then, unless you are looking for extreme isolation I would steer clear of the neighborhood.Bottom line, I am in no-way knocking management, chefs, decor, or service of this place as they are all pretty awesome. But the location is a about as crowded and happening as your grandmothers basement.
3	I love the food! But everytime I get food from there they are not the most pleasant people. I work in the service industry and know what its like to be around a-holes, but sometimes you have to put on your happy place and be excited people are coming in. I will still frequent I just hope they are nicer in the future.
1	Great atmosphere. HORRIBLE food and service.Warm sodas for kids.Chewy burnt chicken strips, cold french fries.Our waitress was a gum smacking youth who couldn't care less about service.And to top it off, they propped open the back door so those of usinside could choke over the cigar smoke that blew indoors.One of us got up to shut it as other table's thanked us.This place won't last.Food is nasty.And for $9 you get EXACTLY 6 little ounces of wine.Pathetic.
3	This was a fun place to go, and the food was decent but nothing amazing. I'd like to go back and try something else.
2	I am an F&B industry person and it literally hurts my heart to give a 2 star; however, I am rating based on my experience and HOPE that management takes that into account to improve quality and service. And honestly, I would rate 1 star on food but the service made up for the bad experience. Celebrating mother's day weekend, I was looking for a casual place to have lunch and enjoy some shopping.  I have my favorite dining spots but wanted to try something different.  West Addison at DC Ranch seemed like a good decision but was unfortunately wrong.  My BF and I sat at the bar since it was literally empty.  That's cool, I like personalized service! No complaints on that.  I ordered the Tuna Salad and my BF ordered the Napa Salad.  We also ordered the guacamole.  1st of all, the guac was watery and brown.  It is on the menu as "fresh" but I find it hard to believe.  It had ice chips in it and I am pretty sure it came out of a Costco tub or the like.    So for my salad, my "seared" ahi tuna also came out brown and literally frozen.  YUCK! The bartender tells me that they premake and fridge the tuna daily.  Sorry, when it comes to raw I prefer made to order and special guidelines apply.  It was horrible and I sent it back.The Napa salad that my BF ordered was not very significant at all.   The pulled chicken was good and I liked the flavor of the dill ranch but other than that is was just a bed of lettuce.Biggest waste of $35 dollars I have spent in a long time.  Good for a drinking spot but the kitchen needs a lot of work!
3	Sweet potato tater tots were the highlight of our visit, well that and Odell IPA.  Happy Hour deals weren't exactly a bargain at $6 each, because regardless of regular price they're only $6 during happy hour - yet many are $6 or $7 normally.  I know, I know it's an upscale part of North Scottsdale but if that's the metric we're using, then my score should be a bit lower overall.  It's a very ordinary sports bar, food just ok, service was a bit slow too (even when not busy).  We were served different beers in differing glasses, and it appears as though some are the fake-pints that have the extra thick glass base at the bottom (you're not getting the full16 oz.).  I hope their profit margin was sufficiently enhanced from saving that 2 oz., because this is one customer that won't be a repeat one.
4	If I didn't work near DC Ranch I wouldn't have known this place even existed. Now that I know, I'm in. Love the patio and that fact that I can bring my dog with me. In fact, one of the bartenders got his dog through me (I work in animal rescue). Anyway, I've had the tacos, chicken strips and some others but I'm mostly in it for the cold beer, watching games and talking sports with the bartenders. Good group and I also like doing some day drinking here.
5	I enjoyed my time here. The bartenders gave great service and I thought the foodwas good. I don't know why people are complaining, it's a sports bar! Expect bar food, haha. We had happy hour drafts for $4 I think and the selection was good.
4	Great place to get some food and watch a game (or games). There are tons of large screen TV's up on the wall and the booths (15 or so of them) have their own TVs. The outdoor patio is really nice and surrounded by a quiet, peaceful area and there are also TVs out there so it's the best of both worlds. The menu is good - standard bar fare but done better. I had the vegetarian black bean burger which was giant and very filling. The patty was just okay, but all the toppings and cheese on top was flavorful. My fiance had the bbq burger and liked it a lot. The french fries are bomb - shoestring fries with soft insides and crispy outsides. Prices are about $10-12/burger. They have some drink and food specials on Sunday for football, which is nice.Since O'Donoghues down the street closed, this is the best sports bar in terms of number of TVs and good food left in the area.
3	Best tv coverage of games in area.   Good happy hour. But food and drink selection could be improved. The area has a higher expectation of quality.  I'm concerned the selection will keep business down
1	At first glance this restaurant appeared to be nice. But...Our guacamole appetizer and chips tasted fine but the top layer was brownish, as if it was not Freshly made and stored in the fridge for awhile. I ordered the napa salad, The shredded chicken taste rubbery so I put it aside and just ate the salad. My husband had the blackened ahi tuna salad which looked great, but later on the evening my husband was violently ill. Throwing up and diarrhea. I took him to the emergency room and they confirmed food poisoning. I called the restaurant to share the news as to warn them so someone else did not get sick. At first the manager seemed nice but upon his return phone call he made it very clear that "it could not have been their food ". Then continued to grill me with questions as to all the food that my husband ate. The next day we were rushed back to the hospital , with continued diarrhea and dehydration. The drs quickly confirmed an exotoxin that us found in tuna and other fish. Needless to say. We will not be visiting this restaurant again. Had the management been courteous and apologetic instead if rude and judgmental we might have given them a second chance. We definetly would order the ahi there EVER again !
4	This is a great place to grab a good drink and watch any game. The atmosphere is sports bar with a touch of sophistication. Staff is friendly and prompt. Food is above average and worth going back for. My favorite unique item is the half pound corn dog. The batter they use is exceptionally good. This is currently my favorite sports bar on N Scottsdale.
3	Ok food, if cooked as asked. I ordered Philly cheesesteak, no onions, peppers on side. Came out with onions. Sent it back, came back with no onions and no cheese. I mentioned it to our waitress and she said, yes there is. There wasn't. Just mayo. She asked if I wanted her to take it back. I just said no, just bring me the cheese. She had an attitude the rest of our visit. My friend had the pulled pork. It was wonderful. I only ate two bites of my cheesesteak. Waitress never offered to take it off the bill, and no manager ever stopped by the table. Could be a 5 star with better service, or at the minimum, an apology.
4	The best sports bar in North Scottsdale and possibly the entire city of Scottsdale.  Great food, check...  Great drinks, check...  Great service, check...  Great telivised game selection, check...  All of this, plus excellent outdoor seating options (tables and couches) and it never gets too hot with the misters.  Not a rarity to see Oregon fans, UCLA, Green Bay fans, Washington Fuskies, Pittsburgh Steelers and obviously the local teams of the Cardinals and ASU.
2	The food is only a one star. It's usually burnt when you get it. The service is two stars. Slow service even when not busy. A lot of TV's and great interior. I just wish the owners would bump up food and service.
