5	I had my favorite meal in Montreal at Beaver Hall (no rhyme intended). Originally, I was set to go to Europea, the chi-chi restaurant owned by the same chef. However, I was a little too meat and potatoes for that place and promptly left. Beaver Hall however was way more up my alley. Less pretentious, this place has everything you could ask for from flank steak, lobster risotto,  french onion soup and more. Reasonable prices for a nice restaurant. The service was super friendly too. The food...well, delicious. I had the flank steak with shallots, mesclun greens and frites. Then I finished it off with creme brulee. If I ever go back to Montreal, this place will definitely be on my list.
2	Very nice, nice service, but the food is heavy like for winter. Overcooked and heavy. They even managed to make the fish heavy. Looks like they have good fries. Good quality but too bad. The magret of duck was cooked too quickly so the fat still thick and the meat tough and undercooked. Could be good this was only one try. Maybe better for steak frites. $10 glass of wine: first pour was stingy but another waiter served us a nice glass.
4	I liked both the atmosphere and the food at this place-- very fun. I was dining alone on a busy night for them, but they were super nice & accommodating. Definitely a bustling place-- not quiet, and the service is a bit frantic, but I didn't find it inattentive at all. I had the Parmesan-crusted calamari, which were quite nice as an appetizer. For the entree I had the ballotine of guinea fowl with rapini, butternut squash risotto and garlic cream. The garlic cream and risotto were both delicious, and the guinea fowl was quite nice, though just a tad bit dry for my taste. I don't know what one of the other commenters is talking about when saying there is no drink menu, since I was given one with wine by the glass and the bottle. The only thing I would do differently was the dessert-- the profiteroles were not the best I'd ever had... I think they'd been sitting a bit long. Next time I'd try the crepes suzette. :)
3	Great for groups, and good enough to keep coming back.
4	Wonderful upscale bistro. Service was good. The beef tartare was excellent. Service was good. Plate presentation was excellent.
4	Excellent service and a great meal. We had reservations on a Tuesday night with a 2 and a half year old in tow and they couldn't have been more accommodating. My wife and I both ordered off the special menu and what a great deal with a soup/salad, entree and half a bottle of wine for 35 bucks. Both my beef carpaccio and my wife's canellonis were excellent. The wine was delicious as well as they selected a very nice Pinot to complement the meal. Best of all was the kids meal. My son has never eaten so well for less than 10 bucks. He received a half portion of the canellonis, a drink, and an excellent desert. They brought his meal out right away which was great because it provided a great distraction. Also compliments of the house were a delicious olive tapenade and a guacamole with fish. I would definitely come back and would love to give a big thank you to Michele and the rest of the staff for allowing us to have a nice meal in Montreal even with our son in tow.
5	Tres Bon!
2	The restaurant was described by our hotel concierge as "a consummate Montreal lunch place", so we went on that advice.  It was very crowded and full of life, but the wait staff was a bit too busy to spend much time with us.  Also, I was a bit put off by the fact that the glass of wine we ordered was pretty darn skimpy - the waiter poured the remains of the bottle into the glass at the table - we could have said something, but it would have been awkward.The food was very good, but very rich and filling for lunch...I couldn't imagine going back to work after eating all that.Overall, I think there are better lunch places in the city.
4	Food and service where great.  I had steak.  French food with different variations of sauces.  All in all everything was great .  Didnt try desert.  But defenitely a strong menu for dinner out with friends, romantic for couples and for groups.  Wines were OK at best, cabernet was OK, but i'm sure there selection is better, I just didnt want to indulge do to price point, otherwise a great Foodie place.
5	We have been here twice in the evenings and the food and service are excellent. This has to be my favourite place for beef tartare, so tasty with the wasabi peas for crunch. Everything we have had here was excellent, including the fries and the tartinate for the bread. The creme brulee for one can easily be shared by two. While I am not usually a fan of bistro, Beaver Hall does it right. The plating is excellent, the portions are right and the wait staff are on the ball. Being that this is located in a busy business district, right across the street from Bell Canada's head office, I would imagine that this place must be clattering with business people for lunch and busy. But in the evening the pace is excellent and you can sit and enjoy a meal, looking out from the window onto Beaver Hall Hill.
4	I was welcomed right away. I was seated and was served complimentary bread and butter and cornichon. I ordered a steak, medium well, and frites, and the food was delicious and cooked perfectly. It was apparent that the cook took time to prepare everything just right and I appreciated that. They also provided dijon mustard which was delicious. The service was great and the ambiance was comfortable. I would recommend this place if you're in the area.
5	GREAT service, GREAT food, GREAT atmosphere!  I can't wait to dine here again!
3	Overall a regular eatery, which provides a warm environment for a get-together with friends.  The thing that strikes me most about this place is that the portions are generous.  This goes for their trademark fish and chips, and even the duck breast confit.
5	We had a great dinner here. The French onion soup and fish & chips were great. Service was very attentive and they were very friendly with our daughter.
5	Love their food and the ambiance is great. Whenever my partner and I go to that resto, it never disappoints! The portions are generous! The crepe suzette is awesome!
4	This was the first place that we dined at on our trip.  Bless the staff because I think we were a little punch-drunk from the very early flight and being the only ones in the place since it was 3:30.  My friend and I had to start with some bubbly.  It was great.  Then we moved to other glasses of wine.  My other friend got some beer.We started with the fried calamari which was terrific.  Not fishy or greasy at all.  I loved the dipping sauces, but get it for the adorable lemon squeezer boat thingy. The highlight was the bruleed goat cheese with arugula on top.  OMG that was crazy good.  I've had a cheese souffle but never creme brulee style!  We were practically licking the dish.  My friend got the fish and it was the winner.  Very well prepared.  I got the salmon tartar and my other friend got the beef version.  His came w/ fries.  Mine was this very generous amount of smoked salmon in little cubes with avocado, some bagel chips, capers etc.  It was really good but maybe better served smaller as a starter.At this point its nearly 5.  Nearly dinner service time.  We saw the staff having their meeting and setting up the crepe station.  The service was great however we had 3 different waiters.  It made us feel a little weird.  So they offered us some fruit for dessert.  PASS!  I felt we were so close to dinner why not offer the dinner desserts minus the crepes?  If it had been something chocolatey I would have gone for it.  But we paid and went on our very merry way.
4	Popped into Montreal on an overnighter and wanted to eat some French bistro food and Beaver Hall did a great job at meeting that need. The food was very good - my calamari was excellent (tender and tasted of the sea) while my flank steak was nicely charred on the outside and medium rare as I had requested (though thicker than I prefer). My girlfriend's beef carpaccio and white sausage were both very good and large in size.  We were too stuffed to enjoy any dessert but would expect them to be very tasty (and affordable).Service was friendly but the restaurant did seem a bit understaffed as our waitress was definitely running around a lot despite being calm and polite when she spoke with us. Overall, I would definitely would return.
5	Thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant. Great filet, wonderful foie gras, and a great macaroon dessert. I enjoyed the Fois Gras appetizer, the Filet with devine mashed potatoes and perfect maroons for desert. Highly recommend this for anyone looking for an authentic french meal. I honestly thought I was back in France.
5	Great spot for a very good, yet quick lunch. Try the tartars or go for the daily apetizer or entrees. Good food, service and price.
5	Great food and Great service! Love the foie gras I had!
1	We asked our concierge for a decent family restaurant to go to and he provided a couple of suggestions including beaver hall (bh).  I had walked past bh earlier in the day and it appeared slightly formal so  I asked the concierge if iWeb might be under dressed however he assured me that MTL is casual in the summer.  I entered bh at approximately 8pm and the place was half full at best.  The maitre d asked if I had a reservation (code-I want to go to the peeler joint in half an hour).  We were seated and our initial waiter came to take our order-he was actually quite pleasant.  Food arrived and waiter 2 (I'm going to line up for Celine tickets!) put (left) my wife's order at another table and gave me my daughters kids meal.  We thought maybe he was in a hurry to serve the other  remaining 2 tables (OMG 4 more hours for Celine-I need to shower).  Anyways food was bland but too my surprise no one came by to give the food quality check-how is everything, no one asked - would you like another cocktail (I love Celine!).  Now the mad rush to clean up started and chairs and stuff started to fly by us.  My daughter could not finish her meal and asked waiter 2 if he could pack it to go.  Waiter 2's reply was sure "if you really want to"!  After being provided the desert menu we reminded waiter 2 that the kids meal included desert and he said yeah okay-we were sitting around guessing what that might be?  We were pissed offf waiting and wondering if we were taking up everyones valuable time however no one was around to flag down for the bill.  When we saw waiter 2 we asked if we were taking up too much of there valuable time and we should leave.  He said no no like who me?  We paid the bill and left feeling disappointed and dissed.
4	We liked this restaurant quite a lot - good food, pleasant service, comfortable atmosphere. The price fix menu is a good deal.
4	Our first night in Montreal and Yelp led us to this lovely French Bistro restaurant.  They were 40 minutes from closing but welcomed us warmly.  Girls had Prosecco and red wine and the boys had glasses of local beer. Bread and olive oil was served throughout the meal. I dined on a delicious shrimp dish. Service was attentive without being overbearing.
3	Courteous Staff, Friendly Service, Comfortable ambience, Delicious Food!
4	The concierge at the hotel recommended this restaurant, so on faith we accepted her suggestion and we are very glad we did! Such a cute place, with a great wine list, excellent ambiance, and the food was delicious. The fish & chips were some of the best I've ever had: lightly battered and with rosemary instead of dill in the tartar sauce. So good! Highly recommended.
2	I remember went to this place and had a bad experience. Neither me or my friend could finish what we order...
1	disappointing. As a subsidiary of the Europea I would have expected better. Food was not tasteful to say the least. The salad is actually over date. The ambiance also outdated
4	Great start to my stay in Montreal.Ambience: Nice, classy restaurant with a French flair. A good place for a special or intimate dinner.Service: My only slight negative - fairly friendly but a little snooty. I ordered in French but apparently my pronunciation wasn't good enough as the waiters always felt the need to correct me. Funny, I've never had a problem in France...Food: Fantastic. I had the confit de canard (duck) which was that rare dish that was simply flawless - a beautiful balance of flavors and the perfect portion size. The desserts were also a nice surprise, with a little more variation than you normally see in french restaurants. it did however, have Crepe Suzette cooked table-side which some people might find a little cheesy. Also, I see that one of the other reviewers found their amuse-bouche a little strange. I was given a different one which was also a little unusual and probably not worth the effort. As for the wines, the wine list is okay but not many are available by the glass. Fortunately they did know what a Kir Royale was, so it didn't matter much to me.Price: As is typical for French restaurants it's a little above normal but in this case it was worth it.I'd go back if I come back to Montreal.
4	Really great food and service. Classy atmosphere without too much pretentiousness. Would definitely go back.
5	We enjoyed a relaxing dinner here after a long day sightseeing in Montreal.  Cozy, casual atmosphere; excellent, unpretentious service; delicious food and wine.  Can't wait to go back.
4	Received graciously and seated in a large but cozy room.  The waiter was rushed but did his job well and helped with suggestions.  Service was quick but not like they were trying to turn the table.  Food was great, although wine list is limited and mostly expensive - not much below $85.  Overall a super experience.
4	For some reason I had been avoiding having lunch here for some time, which I can now say was a mistake on my part. I recently had lunch there and the food was excellent. The gazpacho was the best that I ever had and the tuna tataki, which was accompanied by a wonderful lightly battered cucumber and avocado roll. My friend had the bavette which he said was excellent. Both the food and service were great, however the decore could use some updating, the booths are a bit tight and it would be nice to have a bit more space to sit back and enjoy food.
2	First of all, I think this place is targeted towards senior citizens. I came on a Tuesday night, and I'd say that most of the people were at/ close to retirement age (not saying that this is a good or bad thing.... just something to be aware of). The service was not very good. The food took a long time to come out (we waited at least a hour hour). The waiter kind of apologized a little at the very end when he gave us the bill, obviously trying to get a better tip. Now for the food, I ordered the veal, which was okay. I really liked the fries though. Wife got the flank steak, which was terrible! It was too burnt on the outside, and there wasn't much flavor. My son got a fish and chips kids meal... the fish also was pretty flavorless. Prices were reasonable. I will not return
3	Came here for a solo dinner while on business. The food is pretty authentic French. Has the beef shoulder which was pretty good but the lighting way to bright for a classy dinner.
3	Came here with the hubby for restaurant week. Based on some of the negative reviews about the place being pretentious, I was taken aback at how casual the decor was. I was expecting something much more upscale and this is definitely not a place to go if you want to impress someone with ambiance or view. It looked and sounded more like a family restaurant, (although the menu might not be to a child's liking).Service was great and we enjoyed all the extra munchies that come for "free" (bread, pickles, cheese) with dinner here. Not sure we would go back because even though everything was great, nothing was really extraordinary.
3	Just ok, nothing special.
