1	Man, these guys suck.  I'm doing awesome at the casino, got some cash burning a hole in my pocket.  I ask to see 3 things in the case (because everything's willy-nilly strewn about and you can't see Anything) and after showing me the second thing, the old lady just starts being all shitty and won't even show me the thing I'm decent enough to put effort in to try and see if it's something I want.  I was putting the stuff in order for them while I sorted through it!  I wish I could give them zero stars - and even zero stars is too many.  The old lady here is way off her meds or something.  Avoid at ALL costs!!!!
1	Unbelievable! I walked in, after waiting a couple of hours to give them a chance to put their things out on display. I was very polite as I always am, my folks were pawn brokers for decades. I knew the drill, I was forward and honest, I wanted a 1/20oz gold coin and a 1/10oz gold coin, wanted circulated coins, and had an honest budget of $200. She showed me a $5 eagle and asked for $450, I let her know I didn't want to spend $450 on that particular coin, and I reaffirmed what I was looking for and what I wanted to spend.Basically I saw what they were selling for on ebay, and I subtracted 16% which are the ebay and paypal and shipping costs. The elderly woman, which I do understand is completely sick of every single human on earth, and her obese, handicap son is along for the hate feast. I was instructed to talk a walk to 5th street where there are 3 pawn shops who cater to 'people like me'.That sucks, because I like dive shops, hers looked like a real Vegas Pawn Shop, it's a shame I wasn't allowed to make a purchase! As I type I am thinking of returning, but the son was getting up and waddling to the counter, no doubt to grab a pistol, I do not need that in my life!Unless you are looking to be treated like dirt, just avoid it. Be wary, I called her by phone, on the phone she sounds, lovely, and cheerful, but unless you are looking to fork over your cash on the very first item you see, this lovely woman is replaced by the epitome of the troll pawn broker!Just plain nasty attitude towards people.
