3	The food at Qdoba is OK - it's not quite as good as Chipotle, but is OK for a burrito fix. Since the grand opening mailer coupons ran out I haven't felt the need to visit when I prefer Chipotle that's located in the same complex.I read Matthew C's review regarding his drama with the gift certificate and while I never experienced this, my wife and I took "$5 worth of food free" coupons in that we received in the mail and the cashier said we were required to purchase a drink in order to use this offer. This was not mentioned anywhere on the mailer we received and eventually I was able to use the coupon as advertised. It made me feel a bit awkward though.Decent food, but I'll stick with Chipotle.
3	let me start by saying im a huge fan of chipotle. ive gone to qdoba once a few years ago and cant remember if i liked it or not (then again, i never went back so there must be a reason). after the wrangles game, we were hungry and had no idea what to eat. we notcied qdoba was still open (it was around 9:55 or so and it seemed capriotti's closed way earlier than 10pm). we walked in, and ordered. they made our food, and bagged it up. i got the choose 2 option, with tacos and the tortilla soup. quite yummy! and the bf ordered a steak burrito. the guy who made our food made some awesome suggestions - chicken in the soup and queso sauce on his burrito.we got home, and i guess the vegas weather totally chilled our food :/ but it was still good!
3	I didn't have any coupons which sucks but I guess after reading the other reviews, it doesn't seem to suck anymore. lol I thought the food was good, the chicken was more flavorful than Chipotle and service was good. they always get you with the ad ons though, but it's the same at Choptle, your 6.50 burrito hits the 8-10 mark when you add veggies or some side they didnt tell you about. Other than that it was good but if you do the math with the ad ons you can go to a decent sit down place for the same price. I would return when I need a fix but the hole in the wall places are still my fav.
5	Well, it dissapoints me to see all these negative reviews about Qdoba on here - however, many seem to have to do with coupons, which I have never used here so I have no input on that.I love Qdoba, I think it is so much better than Chipotle and will always choose Qdoba over it.Chipotle has a bit more flavor in their meat, especially the Grilled Steak which is what I always get - but I still prefer Qdoba.I always get the 3 soft tacos with grilled steak and just cheese and sour cream.  I am not a fan of rice and beans, so their burrito's are pretty useless to me.Last night my boyfriend got the Ancho Chile BBQ Burrito and I only had a bite because he added peppers and other nasties to it - but the meat part was DELICIOUS. The mole sauce was sweet, spicy and smokey - everything you want in a mole sauce.Since I am boring, it was a bit too spicy for me, but it was still very good. My favorite part of Qdoba?  Their chips and queso dip. The chips are thin like I like them and no one else has gotten the lime salt as perfected as they do, the queso is spicy and cheesy without tasting like plastic.  I love it on my tacos too!The staff is always super nice and seem to actually like their job, which is always a huge plus to me. We generally get it to go, but will eat in every so often when we have somewhere to go afterwards. Now I want chips and queso again!
2	Qdoba needs to que up their service and cleanliness.  I was quite disappointed walking in to this location to find shreds of lettuce on the floor, sticky chairs, and trash under tables.  I know it isn't a five star restaurant, but cleanliness is mandatory, no matter what type of restaurant it is.
3	Qdoba has edible Mexican food (that's not saying much since I LOVE vegetables and it makes up for the taste) but they were not very clean and the service was average. Average as in wow doesn't anyone ever smile anymore? The quality of their ingredients is so-so. Nothing about this joint was worth remembering. Stingy meat portions, too.
5	Great food. The staff and management are very friendly. Clean and did I say great food?
1	Truly terrible food, awful quality and full of deadly sodium!Wayne Gorsek
4	Its jst like Chipotle.
2	Doesn't even come close to Chipotle. Funny thing is, I LOVED Q'doba so much when I lived in California! The service was always excellent and the food tasted fresh. Here in Vegas, my Q'doba experiences have never impressed me...this Rainbow location in particular.They're never that busy when I've been but their service always seems impatient and sub-par. I ordered the naked vegetarian burrito which includes guacamole. Sadly, the veggies aren't included (lame...especially since it's a VEGETARIAN entre) so beware because they'll sometimes offer you the vegetables without telling you about the extra cost.They also have quite a lot of trouble processing coupons or certificates. One lady went so far as to have my husband email her his certificate from his phone because she insisted on her need to have a paper copy in hand (other locations don't seem to have this problem).Whether we make it through smoothly or not, they never really seem all that nice and while I don't need to be catered to and coddled, it is nice if someone at least acknowledges you when you're addressing them or completing your transaction.
5	I have been here a couple of times and, contrary to the Henderson location, the service is really good. Fresh, fast, delicious. One difference between Qdoba and Chipotle that I personally have become more attuned to is that Chipotle has pretty responsibly sourced meats while Qdoba does not. (At least, Qdoba does not advertise as such. Chipotle throws it in your face which makes people like me want to support it more.) I like this shopping center a lot. Getting to it is kind of a hassle? But parking is plentiful. Qdoba is a yummy little stop here.
4	I'm a huge fan of Qdoba and this location is no different. This location is bigger than most I've been to, and the service is excellent.If I'm in the mood for some delicious pork I come here, if I want some shredded beef I hit up Chipotle. 'Nuff said.
2	Oh dear Lord, what an experience...Problem number one is the front line staff does not speak English even to an 'average' level.  I placed a very simple order (even pointing to the item on the menu) and it turned into a rendition of Who's On First.After some discussion a second employee stepped in (he was wearing a polo, so I am assuming he is leadership) and the problem did not resolve.  Eventually, my food was complete, relatively close to what I ordered and I paid the rather large bill for 2 adults.  The front end/ordering experience was absolutely horrible to the point that I would really avoid this business going forward and find a different Qdoba.Now for the food: I had steak tacos and the 3-cheese nachos.  Excellent.  Great flavor, savory, tender, all around good.  Good seasoning, perfectly cooked.  If I had even adequate service they would not get less than 4 stars.Unfortunately, they tarred and feathered me prior to the food experience so I probably won't be back (to this location).
3	This place would have gotten 4 or 5 stars but it's gone downhill since I first ate there.I'm a big fan of toastada salads.. I love eating the salad and then dipping the "bowl" in a bowl of soup. When I used to order them, I would get a salad and a bowl of tortilla soup.... now - their version of "bowl of soup" differs each time I'm here. They put everything in a 4 oz "bowl"...and I swear that 4 oz is a cup of soup not a bowl... also, their service has gone  to the birds.. They are borderline rude. What's so annoying is... no matter how bad the service experience is --- I  LOVE THEIR FOOD (reminds me of my Oyshi sometimes). I can't really give this place a bad review because each and every time - the food is so awesome.... YES they over charge... YES they change their size standards...but every time --- their food is pretty darn good.I hate to say it but - I really like it. My work friend swore that the last time we went there would be our last --- but then we finished lunch and then we looked at each other and said, "so - next week?"
5	This place is AMAZING you get your burrito exactly how you want it and the food is always super fresh and the staff is super friendly I'm so glad I found a place like this.
4	The Mexican Gumbo with Steak and Chicken is my favorite!   The Steak Quesadilla and the Nachos are delicious.  Prices are average, can't complain.  Only complaint I have is the person that puts the food together always gives me too little of meat compared to Chipotle and Cafe Rio.
5	Must have good management because you can tell all the employees are helpful and happy. Food is good here. I prefer it over tasteless chipotle.
5	5 stars ppl! Don't listen to all these nay sayers. I've never had bad service here! Yes the employees are mexican, but isn't that expected when eating where Mexican food is served. And just for the record they speak English just fine! I have been a devoted customer of chipotle 4 years! But qdoba really takes the cake. Sometime chipotle can be hit or miss qdoba is always spot on! I love the veggies they have their guacamole is great. My fiance had a quesadilla which was melt in your mouth good. I love this place. Really really love it. This location atleast. The location on Stephanie is gross but when I tried this location I was pleasantly surprised. Clean establishment. TVs on wall makes me wanna dine in. Love this place.
5	Qdoba is the anti-Chipotle.  Much better quality food and A+++ service at this location.  They always make it a pleasant experience even during the buys weekday lunch hour.  I enjoy the queso cheese sauce with everything and the habanero sauce is just spicy enough
4	Always very clean, the food is fresh, and the staff is super friendly! Their Guac is the best!!
4	Store is clean and the employees friendly. The food is always good here but I only get the fajita ranchera burrito, so take that for what it's worth.  Make sure you get the qdoba card so you can get a free meal every so often.
3	I kind of like cafe rio a little better. I think it's kind of expensive. $8 for a burrito is meh. Bring me a California burrito from Roberto's. Flavor of my steak burrito was good. But could use more meat. Not my first choice for Mexican food
5	Every time is come to Vegas I make sure to eat here. The chicken nachos are to die for and the service is absolutely superb. It looked like some vandalism occurred in the restrooms, but shouldn't be blamed on the establishment. The place is clean and we'll maintained. I will be back for sure.
4	This is one of my favorite places... My go too Mexican lunch spot!!   I prefer it over chipotle because they offer acquisition sauce option and I am a sucker for question!!   On a side not they now offer 3 flavors of quest... All 3 are good, but original is still my favorite!!   The craft 2 lunch menu is a good value... A smaller portions of 2 items for $6.49.  Make sure to try the Mexican Gumbo at some point... My second favorite item after the chicken quest buritto!!
4	I love the 3 cheese nachos with ground beef. It's beyond me why some of the Qdoba locations in the Vegas valley have closed. One of my favorite lunch spots. Only thing they could do to improve quality as far as I'm concerned in completely eliminate trans fat.
4	This shouldn't be the place you visit if you are trying to eat healthy. Sure, they have healthy options, but who is really going to a place that serves up burritos big enough to kill someone with and tries to eat healthy? You come here for a quick, dirty, and delicious burrito the size of your head. If I haven't made it clear already these burritos are huge. Qdoba's specialty is their queso burritos that are made with their special queso sauce. And let me tell you, their queso burritos are a work of guilty pleasure art. You have your options of meat (Chicken or steak), typical mexican burrito toppings (pinto beans, black beans, mexican rice, white rice, sour cream, etc.), and my favorite topping, shredded cheese. A cheese sauce burrito with an option to add shredded cheese to it? Oh that's right, they went there and it is delicious. Their burritos are a bit more expensive than their competitors (coming in close to $10 with the additional charge for guacamole), but after you have eaten one, the fat kid in you will tend to forget the price difference. Qdoba's burritos are not for the the health conscious or the light eaters. But if you're itching for a burrito fix Qdoba has the answer.
4	Prefer QDub over Chipotle. They are a little weak on the meat portion and 'very little' cheese ends up being a mountain full. One of my favorite for fast food tacos.
4	Very similar to the food offered at Chipotle, so if you like Chipotle, you may like this chain, too. I tried the shredded beef bowl (without any queso sauces) and it was good. I left pleasantly satisfied. Staff were friendly and a HUGE plus for me here, although probably not for everybody, is that it is a smoke-free environment, too...hip hip hooray!
5	So last week I was on the other side of town, so I stopped at a ChipolTe. Food was cold, no flavor or spice to the food. Qdoba blows it out of the water!! Plus their queso sauces ate delicious. Great service, and will let you sample to taste new things!
4	This is a pretty good Qdoba location. I'm not the biggest fan of Qdoba, but the service is really friendly and the restaurant is very clean. When deciding on my order they offered samples of any of the ingredients. It's a great way to get a little taste before committing to anything.Food was solid and all their produce was fresh, which is key for a salad bowl on the go.
1	Screw this placeService: Slow and lazyFood: watery, bland, cold, disguistingWho is going here and why? Why is this place still open?I saved myself from being arrested on assault charges, having almost launched myself over the counter to choke the fat bitch working behind it when she answered, "I don't know, want to taste it?" to my asking if a certain product had meat in it. No bitch, if I don't eat meat I don't want to put it in my mouth to double check. You should be aware of what your serving, you'll end up poisoning someone with a food allergy for your ignorance and sheer idiocy.Someone who was either the manager or had just been working there longer rushed over to save her ass when he saw the shadow of murder upon my face, and kindly took over and answered any questions I had. But really, it was obvious he knew she was a moron, why are they letting people like this work here?
4	I like this location. The staff is always warm and inviting and get to know regulars. I think the food quality and selection are better than Chipotle and at a greater value. Would give 5 stars, but they are not a full service restaurant with table side service, so would be unfair to the hardworking wait staff of those types of establishments. Try it! I am sure you will like it too!
2	I know going after 9 is probably not a smart thing to do, but I was hungry. Bad idea. Usually I go to Chipotle but I was closer to this place. Let's just say gross. I got the tacos which first of all seemed like they were sitting in the freezer for an hour as they were ice cold. The chicken was cold as well. Lettuce was wilted too. I have never really been a fan of qdoba and now I know to not go back and I'll just stick to Chipotle. Only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because I went later.
1	Seriously don't go here later on at night. We went  around 7 and everything tasted old and not fresh. The rice was hard and the ground meat tasted old. The portions were small and not worth the money. Go to anywhere but here. Sad.
4	Clean and easy. Based on all the reviews it seems that this place is a mixed bag. I, for one, was pleasantly surprised. The eating area is clean with a nice layout. The service was quick and pleasant.  I ordered a big burrito that featured a BBQ sauce. Can't remember the name, but it had a lot of flavor. The ingredients were very fresh and the tortilla was literally bursting at the seams with meat, rice, beans, veggies and sauce. I don't care about the Chipotle vs. The World debate. It is what it is. The quality of the food at Qdoba stands on its own and that's all that matters.They really should have a salsa bar though.
4	The food is excellent. I highly recommend the Ancho Chili Barbecue Burrito, it is bliss. The place is very clean and the service is good too. Good prices... no complaints about this place.
5	Love it here, super friendly, close to my house, and there's almost never a line. Great food!!!! I always get a burrito.
