5	I really dig this place.  What a treat!  Everytime I go here, its just so much fun.The theme of this place is straight out of the 1950's.  I like that.  They have a full menu of breakfast, lunch and dinner. The staff even dresses like it was the 1950's too!They have table, booth and bar seating here.  I usually drop in for breakfast, but have eaten lunch and dinner here as well.  I'm sure eating here is probably not the best thing for me, but theres something fun about getting good food that I cannot pass up.  I think its a very unique place!
2	Ah, good ol' 5 and Diner. We walked in and were greeted and seated almost immediately. To my horror we were seated by a Breeder and her 5 kids. One of the kids thought that the restaurant was her playground. She was running and screaming from the juke box back to her table. Honestly, I would have given the place a 3 if a manager had asked the lady to control her spawn. It was an accident waiting to happen and I couldn't hear what my lunch partner was talking about. I initially went in for a big, juicy burger, but my buddy and I saw a couple breakfast platters go by and it instantly changed our minds. I ordered eggs Benedict which came with a side of hash browns. I also ordered a slice of sourdough french toast. Well after a few mix ups with having to make sourdough french toast, I finally told the waitress to just give me a slice of regular french toast. The eggs Benedict were meh, the hollandaise sauce came out of a packet, I think, but Hey I was at a 5 & Diner. The french toast was very good! Nice and crispy on the outside and warm in the middle. yum. My pal had a giant waffle with eggs and a side of hash browns. He said that everything was perfect. The waffle wasn't too dry and crispy, and his hash browns were cooked perfectly.Will we go back? Maybe. We will certainly ask for a table far from kids. Maybe that will bump this place up to 3 stars!
3	People with long legs, please avoid this place- the seating is extremely cramped, hubby and I couldn't face each other and sit without getting uncomfortable with our legs.I love their 50's diner theme and everytime I go there I seriously look for something interesting on the menu but to my dismay I've never had one thing that stands out to me. Their waitresses are perky but the less-than-average food for breakfast can make you feel queasy for the rest of the day.For those who still wish to go there in spite of my review, I'd sincerely suggest that you avoid the waffles and the coffee.
3	Thanks to Derek r.'s review, I thought I'd add my $.02.  It's been awhile since I last dined here (at least a couple of years), as I try to support non-chain restaurants these days, but I enjoyed the few dining experiences here, solo and w/ relatives.  Servers were always friendly and efficient.  Tables, chairs, booths, and women's restroom were clean.If you're one to check out those mailers that arrive in your mailbox from time to time, you'll know that 5 & Diner usually has BOGO offers on there (buy one, get one).   Years ago ('03, '04?), this very location sold, during Christmas season, upcoming new year calendars that had cute 50's theme pics.  Each month's page offered coupons such as BOGO, free children's entree with paying adult, or a free shake w/ an entree.  Does anyone know if this promotion is still running every Christmas season?
2	I usually love places with a 50's diner atmosphere and walking into this place, it was no exception - it's cute. The jukebox, booths, decor, etc, etc make this a fun-looking place. The food (I had a burger) was okay, but nothing special. On another occasion, I went in with the sole purpose of getting a chocolate malt to go for my boyfriend and it was over $6 for just a malt. That was the point when I realized I would never be back to 5 & Diner. I think that's outrageous and hell, they're almost robbing you.
1	ugh. had the mediterranean omelet. eggs were so overcooked they even looked rubbery, not to mention the taste. the artichokes were hard. the feta cheese was dry. flavors were odd. the only appetizing was the toast, and they don't make that in house.
1	I love the 5 and diner over by the 10 off Ray Road ans so we decided to check out this one at the Chandler Mall.A disastrous breakfast decision. While the service was friendly enough the food was terrible. I have no idea how one location can be so bad compared to another a few miles away but we will never come back here.There were hardly any diners on a Sunday morning when most other breakfast joints are jammed so I guess that should have been a warning sign from the beginning.
5	Just love this place. The country breakfast is always a hit with me but even when I deviate and have something different I have been very happy. Friendly service and easy parking make this a very regular breakfast spot.
5	Never had a bad meal here and the service is awesome. I recommend "Lucy" as your server. I only come for breakfast but am always happy. I'm here right now!
1	Much to our chagrin this location is now CLOSED!! Drove from SE Gilbert for chili omelette so disappointed!At least the other locations are apparently staying open. Guess we'll have to go to Tempe next time we have a craving
1	Closed
