4	It's going to feel awkward standing in one doorway after another, feeling in the way of busy servers looking for somebody, anybody to tell you where to sit. You'll be tempted to tap someone speeding by with a tray in their hands to ask for a hostess in  what feels like three big houses stitched together to make the restaurant that is La Petite Marche. Worry not weekend bruncher, they see you and they will get you tucked in at a table so you can have a long, leisurely brunch consisting of so many wonderful flavors - just for you. *If you can talk your way into the skylight room do it - great light and adds to the whole experience.Lots of menus will be handed to you, look for the brunch menu. Order some crepes that come with (deep breath):Eggsbaconhamsausagesauteed mushroomsbaguettefresh fruitmaple syrupcoffeeNo kidding. Sound like too much? Mais non. Just a little taste of everything on your plate. It's sooooo good.Noise level can be a little high, it looks difficult to maneuver a stroller through and tables can be pretty close together.The food is completely worth it. Bring a friend to catch up with and enjoy this hidden gem.
5	j'adore la petite marche! the food is tres delicious, and everything on ur plate is fresh and full of flavor. gets really busy on the weekends, but the wait is worth it. the staff is usually running around and sometimes hard to get a hold of but only cos its so busy. the patio (though tight) is wonderful to sit at on a warm day, but the sunroom inside is equally nice. lots of variety on the menu, mainly eggs bennies, crepes and omelettes. portions are huge, and they come with a lot of sides: sauteed mushrooms, seasoned roasted potatoes, bacon, ham, sausage, fresh fruit, foccacia toast! and the most perfect poached eggs! around $16 per average with coffee/tea/juicemust try: poached eggs on foccaccia with smoked salmon :)
5	This is probably my favorite breakfast place in Montreal. Food is fresh, yummy, colorful, i just really love it all. I used to work around the corner so I grabbed take-out at least 3-4times a week, sometimes for bfast, lunch or dinner. As good as it gets.
4	Very cute restaurant on Saint-Denis, perfect for breakfast or lunch.  Large indoor seating area, and quaint little patio, perfect for sitting on a nice sunny day.  The food is quite good, and served in very large portions, and at prices that are easy on the wallet.  The service from our waitress was excellent & friendly.  This place is probably worth 4 and 1/2 stars - check it out!
4	Excellent brunch.  I had the crepes with cheese and mushrooms, with a side of great fresh fruit.  Everyone at our table was quite pleased with their selection.  Great setting and good atmosphere.  Lots of seating available, so good for groups.
5	Reviews are all right.  Great wait staff.  Great Food.  No matter what you order, whether it be crepes or an omelette comes with fresh fruit, bacon, sausage, ham, potatoes, bread, eggs.  all very fresh too.  strong recommend.
4	There is something both pretty and ramshackle about La Petite Marche (watchout for that small step) with it's narrow, romantic wooden terasse on St Denis, wooden details, successive rooms opening with columns, theatrical inner space, cozy corners with benches... Directly across from the National Theatre School and full of food and drink at fairly student-friendly prices, La Petite Marche often hums with the young, focused, inspired energy of a highly competitive arts school.The plates are bountiful, bright, fresh and filling, perfect to sit and graze on through from breakfast to afternoon. The menu is several pages of fairly standard Quebecois cafe food done with heart and a big spirit. Tasty on several levels.
5	One of the best breakfast places in Montreal. Cozy , cute & lots of natural light in or a cute patio for the summer . Fast service. Often packed . Go early
3	Really not a huge fan. I've been here 3-4 times. Each time I'm a little underwhelmed. There's just nothing that stands out that I can comment on. Nothing's bad, don't get me wrong. I just can't give it 4 stars. The building itself is super weird. Have a good look around. Everything's been built and renovated by an amateur. Electrical plugs without covers, unfinished ceramics, holes in the drywall, etc... The owner has no attention to detail. It's been the same for years now! Everything feels like an unfinished project.
3	So I was looking for a good brunch place near the Le Plateau-Mont Royal area, and Yelp led me to this place. Let me just say that the portions are HUGE. For around $18, including tip, you can get a hearty breakfast of eggs, toast, potatoes with herbs, a bowl of fruit -- cantaloupe, honeydew, pineapple, strawberry, grapes, oranges (more fruits than I've eaten in a loooong time), sausage, bacon, smoked salmon, a coffee, orange juice, etc. And this is just one order. The food was all well-done, but rather unremarkable overall. But for the value, it simply cannot be beat. Service was cordial and attentive. No complaints -- the food was well-executed, just nothing particularly exciting. Overall a solid brunch spot.
5	Holy delicious! Great espresso, great vegetarian breakfast selection! Really cool atmosphere. You should definitely eat their crepes.
4	Went there twice - Once for drinks, once for lunch. Staff is nice. Beer is cold. food is good.
3	On Monday for lunch, this place was packed! Food is served authentically French with nice presentation.
4	I have fond memories of La Petite Marche because I was taken here by an old friend before I had even moved to Montreal. We were seated outside on their lovely little terrasse and I was perusing the menu with difficulty. After all, it was in francais, and I am, much to some people's dismay, a whole lotta anglophone. As I people watched the babes passing by on a lovely summer day, my cafe au lait soon arrived and it was the size of my head. Glorious! Thankfully, after consuming this delicious brunch bevie, I still had room for my ginormous breakfast. Holy moly...eggs, fruit, meat, toast...it's goodness all over the place! Since my first encounter with LPM, I've returned many times...to sit outside and enjoy the lovely weather, or inside to adore the gorgeous artwork that adorns the walls. It's really quite a beautiful spot on the bustling street of St. Denis where happy people succumb to the age-old dilemma of eating large amounts of food because their eyes are simply bigger than their stomachs. And, amen to that!
2	Meh. You get what you pay for, I guess. Average food for a cheap price naturally draws huge crowds for the Sunday brunch... But honestly... They even decided to put tables in the basement to accommodate more people...The service is always fresh and pretty but also hit or miss :)
4	Short trip to Montreal and this place was recommended to us by a friend/local.  The service was nice and the food was very tasty.  Kindof exactly what you want from a Montreal brunch.
4	Went there during a break between client visits. Food was good, waitresses were nice.I loved the bathroom wall hehThe place isnt fantastically designed but it has character..
5	The way French brunch should be. The way all brunch should be. New Yorkers think they know brunch. I thought I did too. Then there was this. This is a game-changer. Like brunch itself is a game changer.You need more game.Eggs Benedict. Fresh OJ. Beautiful people. This place should be a song. Who has Pharrell's number? More stuff.
5	awesome! love love it
2	The brunch plates were big and beautiful but we experienced very poor service (part of our meal was forgotten and our food arrived lukewarm). I'd probably give this place another chance...eventually.
2	Maybe I'm the odd ball out if everyone gave it such high reviews but I really wasn't impressed. There was nothing healthy to eat on the brunch menu so opted out for a coffee instead (which was not fantastic). The service was super slow. For the people who did eat at my table, they were not too impressed either. I wouldn't go back
4	Came here for breakfast on a Wednesday morning. This place is in the Plateau district and is heavily French-speaking. Regardless, I managed to order a benedicts dish and it was really tasty. I'd come back again. Recommended.
4	Thanks for yelp, I found this awesome brunch place on my last trip in Montreal.Great brunch menuFrench menu ONLY, staff speaks EnglishEverything is good on the menuSpacious, no wait Worth the visit if you are in MontrealHighly recommend !
