3	Located at the edge of the strip next to Hooters.  Great selection with decent prices.  Watch out for the bums panhandling!
3	Gotta love a 24 x 7 liquor store that's close to the strip and near a motel, hotel, casino!  They even had the US Flag on Flag day!  How's that for being patriotic in SIN CITY?!
5	Love this store! I saved half the money then casios and its Open24/7.  it has the largest selection of liquor, wine & beer on the strip. Wow so much in a store like this.
3	The Good:OPEN 24 HOURS!Decent liquor selectionSnacksSoft DrinksStaff is coolThe Not So Good:ExpensiveBeer selection is just "okay"This is a fairly "Vegas Strip close" 24 hour liquor store with a bunch of snacks, drinks, hard liquor and little trinkets. The downside is that a lot of their liquor and beer is fairly pricey which is to be expected in Vegas. Also, their beer selection is a little limited with mainly just having some of the more popular beers and a lot of the better ones available in single bottles only.  Also if you're looking for large packs of cans, you're pretty much limited to Coors and Bud Light. All in all, it's good to have a 24 hour liquor store, especially in Vegas.  It does beat buying alcohol in the casinos but their are cheaper alternatives if you are willing to travel a little away from the strip and stick to regular business hours.
1	Tourist Trap. The Liquor here is ridiculously expensive. You are probably better off buying it in the hotel lobby at these prices. We usually drive off the strip alittle further and any supermarket is easily cheaper than this place. The only good thing is that they are open 24hrs.
3	Liquor World is in kind of a sketch spot.  I found this place while staying at the MGM not too long ago.  In the efforts of trying to save time, my wife was checking us into our room and I decided to cross the street to get some booze.Liquor World is on the South East side of the strip east of Hooters and Coco's breakfast joint, it's about a 10 minute walk from the MGM lobby.  The store appears to be ran down a bit, but it's certainly a better option for buying beer and liquor than anywhere else on the strip.  Walgreens has a good liquor selection with similar pricing, however this place was closer and more conveniant. When you enter, there's a case on the left loaded with glass wear for smoking, the middle of the floor is normally filled with ice and cheap cans of Bud, Coors, Mikes etc.  The left wall is where you'll find the liquor.  They have 1/5ths and 1/2 gallons available for purhcase.  There wasn't a specific liquore I wasn't able to find.The mixers get spendy, they wanted about $10 for a gallon of Cranberry juice, where as Walgreens had a half gallon of cranberry juice for $5.  A half gallon was a lot more reasonable than a full gallon.Service was helpful, but the place is ran down as mentioned.  I was in Vegas 1 week ago and Walgreens had just about everything Liquor World had, except it was cleaner and easier accessed via those on the strip.
3	Liquor World was definitely convenient during my stay at the HoJo's right down the street. They're open 24/7 and have everything from liquor to beer to deodorant to souvenirs. My only gripe is that they are overpriced. 2.99 for a 20 oz bottle of club soda? That's crazy. Make sure to use your Yelp check-in deal if you do stop by this joint. 10% off a $20+ purchase.
5	Great place and prices!! They have a great selection and are very helpful!! Save money and come here!!
5	Perfect for starting early at your hotel. Easy access, open 24 hours. A little pricey but better than 10/beer at the casinos.
4	Close to the strip! Cheap dribks and time to have some fun, thanks for being open 24 hours 7 days a week!
5	Best liquor store in Vegas..Nick hooked us up. Best spot ever, very close to the MGM. Very professional, I will be back. Me and my boys were looking for a place to go, and it was right across the street
1	Convenient if you live or are staying nearby but I wouldn't recommend it for any members of the GLTB community, the male cashiers just awkwardly stare at you or announce how much they love women, very awkward experience for me... Won't be going there again. If you need beer or cigarettes for half the price the rebel has station is diagonally across the street.
1	The only positive about this place is the fact that it's a convenient location (hard to find a package goods without driving for a few miles). While it is a few miles from the Strip hotels, the fact that they prices are extremely outrageous (even for Vegas) is a slap in the drunken face!!!  The store is tiny and crammed. For all the money they make off your purchases they should be able to build this into its own casino! Do yourself a favor and DON'T FORGET TO USE YOUR YELP CHECK-IN.
1	They are open 24hours that's about all they have going for them. The prices are outrageous and they nickel and dime you for everything.  To use the credit card there is a 75cents charge. A half of pint of Malibu Rum was 17.99!!! Outrageous!
