5	Amazing light fixtures! Ask for Chad.
5	Don't be taken back by the exterior. Lightform has many options for all price ranges and needs. It's not just the stuffy modern you would expect.  The staff is over the top friendly-but in a genuine-real way. I walked in unsure of what to expect and was greeted by the sweetest dog and staff. They worked within my budget and went over and beyond to work with me. The customer service is unreal and what I wish more businesses would adopt. Skip ikea, Home Depot and Lowe's, this place is a local gem and a must.
5	I wandered into Lightform by chance while I was dropping off my sewing machine at The Bernina Connection next door. I am in the midst of a kitchen remodel and needed some above and below cabinet LEDs and a few other lighting odds and ends. Turns out I came to the right place. This store and the staff define what customer service and professionalism should be. Even though my job is tiny compared to some of the high end commercial and residential work Lightform does, they treated me like a million bucks. The lighting designer, Stephanie, went above and beyond what I would expect, drawing up basic plans for my contractor and following up with him to ensure he understood the installation of the various products I purchased...which ended up being more than I had planned because in addition to great customer service, Stephanie is a great, low key salesperson and she steered me to some amazing lighting products that are going to make my kitchen gorgeous and functional. Stephanie did tons of leg work to make sure that everything I ordered will work together. She is a stellar communicator and really goes the extra mile to deliver fine customer service. All of the staff, from the owner to the store mascot, Khan, are top shelf. What more can I say? Oh, yes! Their pricing! They have better prices than Lowes or the Internet and in the one instance where I found a more competitive price online, they gladly matched that price. This is the type of company I hope LOTS of people will patronize. Forget about the big box stores and stuffy lighting studios...these people know their stuff and are willing to accommodate any size job. I am going to continue to do business with Lightform for all my lighting needs.
