3	Everything cardio is here.  Not to mention the saleswoman is very helpful and kind.  The best part about this store is the treadmill.  One of the sales people will set you up on the treadmill that is hooked up to a laptop and measure your running style.  How you run and the way your foot hits the floor.  They use this information to help assist you in picking out a running shoe.  Apparently every style of shoe is different for each individual.  They also carry this neat miniature hydrating juice that can be kept in your pocket while jogging, nifty.  The store isn't just for running either, you can also pick up a weatsuit here.  I would give them my money based on the knowledge and kindness of the employees alone.
5	Mark is great and from what I can tell from browsing the store, it seems the product selection is top of the line.  I am writing this from a B2B standpoint, but as a business owner trying to get started in the area, Mark has been extremely helpful. So, thanks! Everyone, go buy some shoes now.
4	If  you're a runner - you need to sprint on over to Charlotte Running Company. This store has all the goods for the runner in anyone - top of the line shoes (they carry Mizuno, Saucony, New Balance, Nike & Brooks, just to name a few), running clothing, gels, Elete and plenty of necessary running gear. It's definitely a specialty store, as the employees are extremely well educated and offer a gait fitting and shoe analysis. This is where they put you on a treadmill and watch video feedback to try to get you the best shoe possible for your individual gait. You will likely pay retail, if not a teeny bit more, here for most products. I personally think it's worth it to spend a little more money to garner all the knowledge and gear to make my long runs more bearable. If you're just starting to run or you are a seasoned racer, Charlotte Running Co. has the goods to get it done!
4	I was really impressed with this place.  It's right around the corner, which means I can pop over any time I need a new pair of shoes, and I received awesome service the day I went.I was shopping around for a new shoe... I've tried a few pairs over the past year but hadn't found anything I really liked.  I was the only customer in the store, and the sales guy put me on the treadmill and did a quick gait analysis, which was very helpful.  He trotted out a whole line of shoes for my footstrike and encouraged me to take them out for a run on the pavement since I'm mostly an outdoor runner.  I ended up finding a great shoe (Asics Gel Lendrem 6) and have loved running in it for the past few weeks.The prices seem a little more than I would pay online or at a larger retailer, but I think it's worth it for the service.  After all, now that I've found a shoe I really like, I can just order it online from now on.
4	Been here a couple times to sign up for races and whatnot. Haven't really shopped around the store but it feels like a cool space and the staff is very friendly.Great to have a store like this in the city that encourages healthy living. If running isn't really your thing.... you could still get a good pair of shoes to walk and just be active.
3	After purchasing an awesome Groupon for $25 off some new shoes I was very excited to get into some tires!  I had probably 400 miles on my old shoes and was in need.  I know how dedicated running stores work and my experience has been that they will promote their preferences sometimes in lieu of what you may want.  That being said I've learned to just force them to find a shoe model from the brand I prefer.  The staff was slammed so I'm giving them a reprieve but I expected a bit more friendliness.  Honestly, they need a woman's touch in customer service.  Sorry, I'm a male but I can recognize too much testosterone when I see it.  I felt like I was bothering them instead of being a profit center.I'll probably come back based on the selection I saw, I was very impressed and I like the treadmill analysis that they provide.  That was helpful.NOTE:  Right now there is a check in offer that will score you a free pair of socks with a shoe purchase!
3	My gait had never been analyzed before coming here - and I am glad I did!  I feel better knowing I have no real foot placement issues but for those that do, these folks can help you!  They will put you right on their treadmill and get you a-runnin!  The key to foot safety is shoe safety!  You may hurt yourself if you track too many miles in the wrong shoes.Price-wise I am not sure how this running company compares.  I expect to pay about a hundred bucks for a good pair of shoes and they have shoes over and under that range.The staff was pretty frazzled when we went because of a recent groupon they sold.  I hope they are more professional and organized on 'normal' occasions?  Located right on East Blvd near the new Crisp - this place is easy to find.They have everything for running including shoes, socks, performance trackers, running wear, mace, water bottles etc.  Really a one-stop shopping for all types of runners and walkers.  Super spot - I am sure I will be back again over the years!
4	After experiencing some ankle pain with my old running shoes, I knew it was time for some new ones. I actually heard about this store not from yelp, but through some friends. The big draw was the analysis of your running gait to see specifically what kind of shoes you should get.I was not disappointed! The experience was very easy and comfortable. I didn't feel an ounce of pressure, which is how I prefer things. Upon entering, the guy behind the counter simply asked if I had been in before. Saying no, he asked that I roll up my pants and put on some running shoes (which he provided). From there you hop on a treadmill and they film you running.Viewing the resulting slow-motion footage (hahahaha, get it! Foot-age. That pun alone makes it worth coming in), they are able to identify my propensity to pronate (my ankle rolls out farther than it should while running). Given that, he brought out three pairs of shoes and said "now it is just a matter of comfort". I was able to try on each of these shoes and run on the treadmill and find the most comfortable. Everything was easy going. In fact, it was a little shocking just how uninvolved the guy was (comparing to other shoe stores). I actually really appreciate this approach because it lets the shoes speak for themselves, rather than a constant flood of "can I help you" combined with that over whelming pile of shoe boxes that make up my experiences elsewhere.I should also add that my girlfriend, who is a physical therapist specializing in sports, secretly supervised the evaluation. She agreed wholeheartedly with the recommendations. Based on this, it really seems that they know what they are talking about. Well played Charlotte Running. Can't wait to give my new shoes a whirl!The only negative that I can imagine is that they may not have all the colors available for the shoes you want. Overall a minor problem, considering you get shoes that are made for you, but may be a thorn in the side of some people.
4	I recently made my first trip to Charlotte Running Co. last week when I knew it was time for some new running kicks. I had previously bought two pairs of running shoes at Run For Your Life before and decided to buy my next pair here on a whim. I had no idea what I was looking for but the staff was very helpful in helping me to decide. The person helping me analyzed my gait on the treadmill and told me what I already knew about my running (I run pretty straight with a little bit of pronation). He put me in a couple shoes that were similar to the ones I had already been using but I surprisingly went with a different brand that I had not purchased before. I then found out the shoes would be a little more expensive than I would have like to pay so I asked if he could throw me a discount for my first time being there and he did! The staff also pointed out other apparel should I need it, such as sports bras, shirts, etc. I just stuck with my cool, new running shoes, though. Compared to Run For Your Life, I would say that the two stores are pretty identical. Their price points are about the same (around $100 per pair of shoes, give or take) and their staff is very friendly and helpful. They both also offer any other products  you may need as far as running goes. If you want to seriously get into running, I would suggest stopping by Charlotte Running Co. and asking the staff to guide you when buying a new shoe, for advice on runs or when the next Charlotte races will be. This place is a great spot for running junkies!
4	Any store that allows you to buy their merchandise, wear it a few times and return if you aren't happy, is seriously awesome in my book!!  I decided to switch up my work outs and incorporate running (which I hadn't done since HS soccer).  So once I realized the shoes I was wearing were awful and causing me sever shin splints, I decided to pop in here on my way home one day.As soon as I was helped the nice guy, I want to say Scott but am not 100% sure, took one look at the way my right foot was turning in and started grabbing boxes upon boxes of sneakers.  I tried a few out on the treadmill and thought I found a great pair.  I paid and left.  I didn't get the gait analysis but that was fine by me, I was just happy to have a proper fitting shoe.I tested them out 2 days later and had to stop very soon after because my feet were in so much pain.  It felt like they were being clamped in a vice!!  So I went back the next day and there was someone else who helped me but the same nice guy was there as well.  I had some old Asics on so they helped find me some shoes that were similar.  I soon found a pair that felt great and luckily has worked out since.  However, when I made the exchange with the old shoes the guy told me don't worry about the 7 day return period, where them as much as you need to on the treadmill to make sure you like them and if not bring them back and we will do this again!  I mean that is some great customer service.So far so good with my new Brooks, and I even have a bit of store credit to use from the difference in price.  Oh they also take a real interest in what kind of running you are doing, how you recover, any scheduled races, and encourage you to come in and ask for advice if you need it .  That is what makes this a great store!
4	Great shop! Excellent customer service.
4	First off, my review is biased since I scored a free pair of socks when I checked in and bought some kicks.  But, that not withstanding, they took care of my needs perfectly.   The woman who helped me was great, and talked me out of getting a more expensive pair of shoes and into something that would actually fit my needs a little better.  Not a huge selection, but they have a wide enough range to cover all types and styles.  And the best part is they actually know the shoes they carry and know how to recommend each on for each particular customer.  My fiance went back a week later and had a similar experience with a different sales rep, so my time wasn't unique.
4	Pretty good running store. I have to look at it more but had the usual running options and had a helpful staff. I will have to look through it more. So more of review more. Stop in if you are just getting into the sport.
5	I went  there today  as i was visiting Charlotte. The staff was super friendly and easy going, helping me with the shoes i wanted to look at.  They also knew a lot about foot striking  and how my landing effects my run and way to improve it. I was very happy with my purchase and time spent there I would highly recommend them.
5	Dana and Mark are always super friendly and helpful. The store has several "obscure to the mainstream" brands that runners will appreciate, like Newton and Karhu. Highly recommend these guys for both gear and nutrition.
3	I stopped by to sign up for the race fest and the service was a little standoffish as they seemed to just expect you to know what to do in order to sign up, so I had to wait a bit.  Not very customer focused on my visit and there was only one other customer in the store.  I finally got signed up and took a quick look around.....shoes, and athletic gear are a little on the expensive side but they did have a few sale items.  Hopefully, the service will be a little better on my next visit.
5	I've been having problems with the last pair of shoes I bought, and Dana was so super helpful in finding a wide selection of great shoes for me to try! I'm very happy with the shoes I left with, and I'm looking forward to a future of exercising without foot pain!
4	Review is more for the runs that originate here than for the running company itself.  Did the 4.5 mile Tuesday night run twice.  Really like the course - good hills, run by Freedom Park, nice people.  Running store itself looked nice, albeit a bit overpriced.  Looking forward to doing more runs here!
