4	As we parked we said "Woo HOO!  Unlimited fries!!!"   Why do I mention that first?  Well, I suppose it's important to know that they have unlimited fries, but more important here is knowing the level of culinary excellence we were looking for in this eating experience.  We were out.  We were hungry.  We wanted some place we didn't eat all the time and presto - there it was.  It had been a few years since I'd last been to a Red Robin, and based on this experience - I might go a bit more often.As we walk in - the hostess area has lots of room for seating and even has a small arcade with about 6 old school video games.  Very cool if you are waiting for a large party, have a long wait , or (let's be honest) if the kids finish eating before you do and you want them to go kill some time so you can eat in peace.  I'm sure your server would be happy to give you quarters.Their menu is one giant page, stuff on both sides.  I was IMPRESSED with their variety.  Burgers (Beef, Fish, Chicken, Boca, Gardenburger etc) are their main entree here - though they also have "dinners".  They really stretch the burger concept.  Beyond what I mentioned above - which all come in many forms, they also had a Pot Roast Burger (Totally trying that one next time) and a Carnitas burger.  Not your momma's burgers.  I tried the Carnitas burger and my companion had the Whiskey BBQ Bacon burger.  We were tempted to start with their tower of Onion rings (did I mention this was not a diet day?) but decided it was WAY too big for the two of us.  The server mentioned they could do a half order and we caved in.  They were yummy.  Nothing out of this world, but very good.  Came w/ Ranch and a special sauce that the server mentioned was a BBQ + Ranch w/ a kick.  It was interesting.  Her more traditional burger was definitely awesome.   First bite to last - though she only got through the first half of the burger while there and the rest went home.  My carnitas burger was... good.   It was good.  It was far from great, but it was juicy and warm and had some decent flavor.  It said it came w/ onions, but unfortunately these weren't cooked with the carnitas - or at all.  A slice of white onion wasn't bad, but grilled onions would have been much better.  Neither of us liked our drinks - I got the tea and she the lemonade - so we decide to return those and drink water w/ dinner and splurge on splitting a shake as the folks at the table next to us were raving about how the shake was better than 5 & Diner.  Their shakes normally have a "reserve" container, but the server was nice enough to just split it for us into 2 glasses w/ our own whip cream and sprinkles.  We asked for them to do a chocolate banana shake (they offered the flavors individually) and it was amazing.  Real pieces of banana in the shake.  Super chocolaty.  It was my companions favorite part of the meal.  (Eating with eyes closed kind of good)Best part?  The whole thing was $26 + tip.  We were stuffed and leaving w/ half of our sandwiches and some of those amazing all you can eat steak fries to have as our "snack" for later.The atmosphere isn't as upscale as say... a Chilli's (wow, that sounds so sad!) but it is super family friendly.  It's clean.  The service was attentive, friendly and offered suggestions.  And don't forget the all you can eat steak fries...
1	The management of this restaurant has no idea what customer service is about.  The staff made a commitment concerning a promotion they were running.  The manager reversed the commitment a t the end of the meal, and was very rude about it, as well.  This used to be one of my regular favorites, but I will not set foot in this place again.  A letter to the corporate office in Colorado was ignored.  Red Robin sees its customers as a wallet and an open mouth - no more.  Do yourself a favor and go to a restaurant that values your business!!!
3	We went here for my daughter's birthday a few days ago. I was really interested because I've been to some very modernized Red Robin's in my day. The only thing my 4 year old wanted was Mac 'n Cheese and there's is good. What do I like? I like the bottomless steak friends (believe me, they are bottomless!) and the bottomless speckled lemonade. Yummy strawberries in the drink itself! Typically the burgers are good and I am picky, but this time mine was under done and that really bothered me. Also, our waitress was not very fast at all. She barely even came and when she did bring more lemonade, she just dropped it by without asking if we needed anything else. They do have a free sundae for birthdays, but they didn't try to upsale dessert to the rest of the party before bringing it out (they could've made a few more bucks if they had!)Overall, not bad, but I've been to better.
3	I do enjoy some of the gourmet burgers here- the salmon wrap, the BBQ burgers I(chicken or beef), and the new roasted beef with au jus.  On my last visit, I tried their fish and chips and really enjoyed it!  I liked the crunchy batter-coated cod with tartar sauce and lots of lemon wedges, and how can you knock their bottomless fries?  One tip: if you dislike soggy fries, like I do, DO NOT order their garlic-parmesan fries.  Not only will you not find a single crunchy wedge, but the amount of grease will make you weep.
2	The staff was friendly and the atmosphere was comfortable enough. I like the idea of having a wide variety of interesting burger choices. What I don't like is that they use poor quality meat in their burgers. No amount of bleu cheese or steak sauce can make up for the fact that you are essentially eating a Denny's burger.
3	Meeting my friends there for lunch.  The first waiter screwed up my drink.  I asked for an icea tea, I got a diet soda.  The first waiter came by to tell me that he is leave this area, and someone else is going to be our waiter.  OK.  I told the second waiter that I ordered an ice tea.  He got me a new drink ASAP.  NICE!  We ordered:  Fish & Chip and Crispy Chicken Burger.  The food was good but not jumping out of my seat good.  The steak fries are always bottomless, so it was good.
3	the burgers are tasty, but i can't imagine any meal they sell here being less than 1000 calories.
4	This is another spot for lunch during the week.  I've been here a couple of times and the service has always been good.  We have always been seated right away and drinks are always refilled in a timely manner.  Our last visit was later in the afternoon around 1:30pm.  There were just a few others there so our server was very attentive.  I love the burgers here. You can get a burger any way you want with almost anything on it..  The bottomless fries are great too!  They are big steak fries.  Try a side of Campfire sauce with them!  YUM!
5	I'm not going to complain about the quality of the meat. I'm not going to complain about the calories involved. I'm not going to do any of those things because I'm not an idiot. I know what I'm getting when I go to a chain restaurant like Red Robin that offers endless french fries.Needless to say, the girlfriend and I came in around 3 pm for an unhealthy, self-indulgent diner snacking. We started things off with their chips, salsa, and guacamole. It was better than one would expect, largely due to their "jalapeno chips" which are crunchy and delicious. Much better than the standard tortilla chip and I expect much more unhealthy as well.My girlfriend isn't a vegetarian but she ordered a veggie burger anyway and I got a Royal Burger, which is essentially a plain old cheeseburger but with a fried egg on it. Both of us loved our burgers. I tried hers and it was delicious. She tried mine and thought the same. We both had a beer (I had Dos Equis, she had Corona Light) to wash it down and in the end, we couldn't complain about anything.We had a fun time, it was delicious, and I got what I paid for. Absolutely no *reasonable* complaints that I can think of. I like to curve each review to cater to the expected quality of the restaurant, so understand a 5 on Red Robin doesn't compare to a 4 at Cheesecake Factory, but this particular Red Robin did a really good job. I'll be back again soon, even if it does look a little "ghetto" on the outside.
4	Burgers were great, you get free refils on fries.   Waiter was very friendly.   Only negative I could say is I ordered "some pink" on my burger and it came out medium to medium well.
5	Soup & salad & the service was great as usual
3	I always love Red Robin... Their crispy chicken salad is definitely my favorite, and their burgers will never, ever let you down. This particular location was alright-- large, clean, nice service, but nothing special.
3	Food was ok but come on 49 cents for a side of mayo.  Yes folks you have yo pay for additional sauces now, next will be the catchup.  Burger was good but not great.
4	I like Red Robin. It's a chain. I know. It's industrial food. I know. But it's my gold standard for burgers. My first experience with Red Robin was the original Anchorage location at the Northway Mall. A beacon of light, warmth and burgers in the great white north. Now sadly closed, as well I understand, the original location near U-Dub (no, not Wyoming).
4	Got to check out another place for lunch that's in the area, this time it was my boss's treat! He said hey we are ordering from Red Robin, what do you want, and before everyone gets happy, the burger did come with a meeting that had to be attended too, haha So this time I picked the Whiskey River BBQ burger, it had cheddar cheese, onion straws, lettuce, tomatoes and mayo and it was cooked to perfection but it was lacking that whiskey river bbq sauce I was craving, the bbq sauce was the reason why I ordered it :( but overall the burger tasted great.It also came with their french fries and I have to tell yall, those fries are my favorite, man they are soo dang good. Happy to have been able to check out another place to add to my lunch time list! Red Robin Yum!
2	The service is decent, but the food leaves a lot to be desired. You can get a better burger, with exactly what you want on it, for a little less money at Fuddruckers a half mile west of here. You won't have a server to bring your burger and have to apply your own toppings, but that's a better setup in my opinion plus there is nobody to tip!
4	Red Robin is so good. Great burgers and so many different kinds. Are they the best in the world? No but they are really good. Awesome fries too. You can have all you want but I think I have only ordered a fry refill once. Great fish and chips too. Yes a burger place that has other stuff too. Don't forget the milkshakes either. They bring you the metal mixing tumbler as well so you get a refill.Good selection of beers as well. Of course, you can't really have a beer when you  are on a lunch break from work.Staff is friendly. Service is good. Food comes out pretty quick. One complaint about this location is they don't participate. All commercials say at participating restaurants and you think they all participate. Well guess what this one doesn't. So not all of the corporate promotions are available here. The big one is the rewards card. Which wouldn't be a big deal but when I want my free burger on my Birthday I can't go to this location I have to go to the one by the Chandler Mall. Just a minor annoyance.On a side note Red Robin is one of the places you can still get free food on your Birthday. You just have to sign up for their rewards card. Not a big deal for free food.I do remember a while ago they had this new burger that I just loved the first time I tired it. I think it has pastrami on it and some other stuff, details have faded from memory, but it was really good and I was so sad when they took it away. Darn those limited time teases.Sure it is a little more than your fast food drive thru burger but it is worth it. I will always go back again.
4	I really want to hate this place.  It is a chain restaurant and not that clean.  However, on Mother's Day when Rigatony's had a 2 hour wait this Red Robin had none.  Add to that the free onion straws just for asking, a delicious salted caramel milkshake and yummy $3 Wedge salad.  I actually love the place!
4	Four stars is a blended rating.  Asley our server gets five - attentive, polite,  and accomodating.  Our food on the other hand was just okay.  We ordered chicken wings and onion rings for apps. The wings were good, but the onion rings are sliced too thick so the breading fell off.  Burgers were cheeseburger-bacon and guacamole-bacon. Not bad, but nothing to write home about either.  Had a shake too.  Again so-so.  I'll be back though.  I'm a sucker for great service and will find something I can rave about.
2	One thing that I really like about chain restaurants is that they're generally safe bets and you can come in knowing what to expect in terms of food, service, and cleanliness. As soon as we walked in we were seated at a table that had a few crumbs left behind and was a bit sticky. The server asked us what he could get us before we even had a chance to really sit down, and when we received our drinks the straws were already in the drinks - this is a huge pet peeve of mine since I generally like my straw wrapped and I don't have to worry about cross-contamination between server and patron. Okay, whatever.We ordered the fried zucchini that cost $2 during Happy Hour which was a nice little deal, but I didn't care for them since they tasted mostly like a slice of zucchini that wasn't even cooked long enough with a sad excuse of breading over it. The burgers were tasty and predictable of what you could expect from this chain, and cost about $10 each. Overall, skip this location and head to the Chandler location if you can. This spot definitely draws in a certain (Wally Word/hick) crowd, and it can definitely feel a tad uncomfortable if you're not used to it. The McDonalds in the Wal Mart across the street must have had a short line tonight.
3	Good as always.
1	Not worth the bother. I had a hankering for a veggie burger that I didn't want to cook. I'm vegan but not in people's faces about it. I can't eat dairy, but eggs and meat are my choice. Anyway I combed the website to make sure about what to order to go so I don't drive them crazy. They were really helpful on the phone and I told them exactly to the T, just a vegan boca burger without dijon or red robin seasoning, how the website said it. I had to take it back because it was obviously a garden burger (cheese) with some cream sauce on it. Had to wait another 10 mins, looked good so left. It sucks they don't offer any condiments for their boca burger and even the sweet potato fries didn't come with the sweet sour sauce they say it does... Top it all off with, I got through almost the whole burger (with my own condiments) the whole last half edge of the thing was so freezer dehydrated, I couldn't bite into it. I just hope it was stored properly so I don't get sick. So I wouldn't recommend this place to any vegans or especially someone with allergies, sorry but they're kind of ditzy about this.
3	We came in as a group of 4 and chose to sit in the Bar Area. The Bar tender was awesome but once we were seared at a Tall Bar Table the Service / waitress was pretty much non existent for our table of 4! She was more intent on hanging around her "buddies"!!. Bartender was on his game though to pick up the slack and make our Happy Hour ( well after happy hour) and dinner more tolerable! Would I want to go back?? If we did, we would sit right at the bar!
3	Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Jackie C. & Mike C.  For my first visit to a Red Robin I ordered the sandwich they say they're famous for, a Gourmet Cheesburger.  It came with "bottomless" steak fries (Gimmick #1), which come in a metal cup with the bottom missing (Gimmick #2).  Along with it, I had a Chocolate Classic Malt.Frankly, I was a little disappointed with all of this.  While the restaurant, the service & the food were certainly "ok", none of it measured up to my favorite burger spots here in the Valley.  It was expensive too (almost $60 for lunch for the 3 of us!) & look at this:With no seconds on the Fries, my lunch above was still 1986 Calories, 204mg Sodium & 84g Fat!     :-O
1	The food is okay, nothing special. I think it's overrated. Nothing special. I think there are more better burgers and fish and chips out there. I think it's only good for survival food. One star is because they have good service and that's about it and nothing more.
3	Pleasant evening on the patio with average good but a friendly waitress. They have malt vinegar for the fish and chips.
4	I really love this place. Red Robin alone is a good place to eat, but the service here is great too--not always easy to find. We were seated promptly, brought drinks promptly and our orders were on point. Nothing was amiss and the services was very friendly. For the price, this is a good place to go.
3	Really, it's just ok. Not bad, not great. The waitstaff isn't that attentive, and the food's just ok. When we were there last, my girlfriend told the waiter that she didn't like what she ordered and he just kinda laughed and walked away. We don't think that he understood what she said and laughed anyway but it was still pretty awkward.
1	I wish I could give no stars. The food was good but wait staff was serving dirty dishes next to new food. When telling the manager he said they clean then wash there hands then serve food. But how could that be when the only sink is in the bathroom. This is just gross!
1	Red Robins is one of our favorite food chains, but this location is pretty sub-par. We've been here twice now, and both times have been disappointing. The hostesses seem stressed out or irritated, and the sevice is extremely slow. I would expect to be here for a while if you decide to come here. The only positive here is that the bar tender is really nice. Definately sit in his area.
2	This Red Robin is sad and old.  The place feels a little dirty and like it's time for a facelift.  My waitress was very nice and I received fast service.The food is the big problem at this location.  The fries tasted like the oil had gone rancid and the water tastes like it came out of the toilet.  Everything was tainted by the bad flavors.  Sorry Red Robin, normally you are a good standby lunch.
1	I'm used to great food and service with Red Robin, but this location was very disappointing. The waitress brought us drinks with no ice, and when I asked if we could get some, she mentioned they were running low. The issue with this, is every other drink that came out of the kitchen had a normal and decent amount of ice. This was inconsistent and bothersome. The waitress approached our table initially, and she would only interact with my husband. This followed through when she had brought more ice back in her pitcher of water, and managed to only give him ice while she managed to give me none during the next refill. Just bad service. I love the food for the price, but I won't be going back to this particular location. It's unfortunate that we have to drive out to Rio Salado when this location was conveniently located next to a Costco. No thanks.
3	CON:  We were shocked by the cold greeting we received from Courtney at the front door; we asked if there was room in the bar area & without making eye contact (and with her head down) she said, "I don't know, you can check for yourself."  We were stunned by her response that we just stood still for a moment, then proceeded to enter into the bar.  PROs:  in the bar we were greeted by Mikela & she provided outstanding service throughout our stay.  Further, our meals were very tasty; I loved the Ensenada chicken (sauce on the side).  Because of the awful greeting at the door I am giving this place only 3 stars; first impressions are lasting impressions!
2	It's a chain, so I know the food is decent. I'm mostly turned off by the fact that I couldn't come here to watch a baseball game. No sports package at a popular burger place? I'll be going elsewhere for dinner.
5	today i came to this red robin and order the fish and chips. from mike and it was to die for....was one of the best fish and chips. i know its simple. but there batter and chips/fries tasted .....really good
1	Disgusted by server who goes by the name of "Mike" and how he served my children!!!!!!!!
