1	The most basic/minimal of necessities. I guess this place has really fallen on hard times, as it is borderline slummy (no such word but there should be). Only stay here if you can't find anywhere else. I'd give it zero stars if this was an option.
2	It's not so bad. It's a budget place. The walkways are pretty dirty though, and the shower a little scuzzy. I've stayed in worse.
1	I would rather spend the night lodged in a dumpster in the heart of south central with 2 black gentlemen having their way with me..
1	Pubic hair in the bed, poop on the wall in the bathroom, smelt like a porta potty...... Other than that it was a grade A classy place.NOT! Save yourself never go here.
1	This is the crappy hotel against which I compare other crappy hotels. I stayed here a couple years ago (since then I have very intentionally stayed across the street at the Best Western), so it's certainly *possible* that they've changed since then, though from other more recent reviews, it doesn't really seem like they have. The stay a couple years ago - at first, they seemed like just your average cheap hotel, I didn't get why all the reviews trashed it so much. So, fine, it smelled a little, but it was *cheap*. I could live with that. And at least it had wireless. Well, by the second day, the wireless had stopped working more than half the time, and by the third day it wasn't working at all. Meanwhile, my second night, the AC started making funny noises, and by the morning the room was as hot as the outside (which was quite hot). They said they'd have someone down "within the hour" to fix it. By the end of the day, after multiple attempts at prodding them, during which time nobody had yet been sent out to fix the AC, they gave up and gave me a different room. But it took most of the day. p.s. Their advertised "breakfast" is a handful of packages of prepackaged cheap pastries, which run out quickly and are not replaced. At the time, I just figured that was par for the course at a hotel of this low caliber, but since then, I've stayed at similar hotels elsewhere (notably - the Best Western across the street) that do have proper breakfasts included, with hot food that isn't still in its plastic.
