5	This location is the main Borders in the Las Vegas Valley.  They have the largest book selection and that is all they sell.  Don't expect a large music or DVD selection as this one primarily focuses on books.
4	This is the first Borders I've been in where someone actually was friendly/asked if I was finding everything ok....  I bought alot of stuff here probably spurred by my son but also saw another woman bought this huge amount/box of items:  candles, books, frames, knick knacks, Burt's Bee's stuff, lotion/hand soap (as did I).  I have to keep up with the Jonases!!!
5	Years ago, I used to go to a book store called Book Star- it was the best book store in LV at that time (1990's). But this store is pretty good. There's a large selection of bargain books located in the first six rows of the store. There are chairs sprinkled about, to check out the books before you buy them. There's a cafe. There are other things for sale, besides books, like games, little gifts, DVD's, and CD's. I like the layout of the store. There is a bathroom towards the middle of the store, on the right (no books allowed!). When I am in the area, and I have time, I check this location out, and usually I will find a bargain book for a steal. Buying books at full price can get pretty expensive nowadays.I love books, I love reading; I once thought I had am impressive library until I visited a co-worker's home recently (also a published author, BTW). My 300 book collection looked pretty small compared to my co-worker's 2000 + book collection (he has signed first editions too).   The crowd here is usually pretty normal. The parking lot is kind of small since it borders Baja Fresh, Kinko's, and Jack In The Box.
2	I used to go here for tech books a lot. I went in and the section for tech books is half the size it used to be, completely disheveled, and contains no organization beyond the dummies books all being together. It looked like no one had even done basic straightening in months.Very sloppy. I will not be back again
2	Today I drove here from Henderson, and was disappointed. This used to be an enjoyable Border's to hang out in. Wow ! Things change. And when this Border's eliminated their cafe it was a change for the worst. This Border's now resembles a large Walden Books. I understand that Border's is having financial problems. However if they intend to close their cafes, then Border's may become another retail memory. This would be a similar approach to Chuck E Cheese eliminating their arcades.  BTW, this store has an attentive staff and a good selection of books.
3	Unfortunately, this location is going out of business. I have been going here for years. It's not a huge location, but they have a decent location.
