5	Very nice! I would say this is a boutique style Cuban/ Caribbean food restaurant. Something you'd find in a far more sophisticated city, like San Diego or even NYC. I really enjoyed the Drinks too, I would suggest the Babaloo Bul, it's an unsuspecting mix of sugar, red stripe and lime juice maybe, it's totally refreshing and was a surprise. I use to go to another place to get my Cuban Fix, but I have realized after all these years, that place wasn't so authentic. But this joint is! Good food, nice portions, definitely upscale but don't be afraid the food is down home and will make you feel good!  I'll go back for sure!
3	Dessert:The menu claims all desserts are made in house, which immediately caught my attention. I made sure to save room for the Key Lime Pie, it was light, creamy, tangy and delicious. It was my favorite part of the meal.Libations:We ordered a mojito, Dirty Lou and a Shiner. The consensus at the our table after passing drinks around so everybody could taste them, is that the top shelf mojito could have been better, the flavors seemed a little muted. The Dirty Lou, could have been dirtier and the Shiner, while a little out of place in a Cuban restaurant, was really good.Food:We ordered the plantain appetizer, ropa, and two chicken dishes. The appetizer was so good and the spicy black bean spread that came with the order was amazing! Both chicken dishes were really, really good. The ropa was good. It was served luke warm,  which might have distracted from the flavors.Service:We arrived around 8PM on a Saturday night and it seemed they were at the end of their dinner rush. Service was friendly, albeit, not as polished. It seemed that our glasses were always empty before a refill was given.Versus Havana Cafe:Dessert- Babaloos.Appetizers- BabaloosLibations- TieRopa- Havana CafeAtmosphere- Havana CafeSpecialty Dishes- Babaloo
4	If you're big into driving to the middle of nowhere for Cuban food (in a strip mall) (in the desert)...this place is great. (Like, who thought that their target market of Cuban foodies was as far west in 85045 as you can get before hitting the reservation??? Hmmm.)Ropa Vieja...delicious. Slow cooked cuban style shredded flank steak done right. Even had a bite of "The Infamous Cuban Sandwich"... Everything an infamous cuban sandwich could boast of. Really...yumx2.I don't think they could have done any better with this space...ambiance fit for a far superior location. So, where were all the people??? Four stars because the food was fantastic, the service outstanding and the Mojitos near perfection...but, lacking were any other humanoid forms to share the experience. Funny, but I guess I enjoy fellow patrons in encounters of all things cuba, mojito or vieja...Marketing people...look into it. Will go back another night and try again.
3	Went here on a Saturday evening. The plantain trio was ok - the maduros were the best part - tostones are usually my favorite but these could use some salt and garlic. The chips were good. The black bean humus was interesting. The signature Mojitos were ok -perhaps the flavors could have melded a bit better or maybe it was a little watered down- not sure. Chicken Cubano was a little dry but ok. The rice and beans that came with it were delicious!  One of us also had the Dorado --blackened  Mahi Mahi which was really good - the sofrito corn  that comes with it was also delicious and the boniato mash had an interesting sweetness to it. If we weren't so full we would have tried dessert.The best part of the meal for me was the excellent band "Arroz con Mango". I definitely plan on returning to try out other meals on the menu, especially when the band is playing. Our waitress was great and everyone who worked there seems very friendly and attentive.
4	I'm pulling for these guys; it's a tough area for small businesses, particularly something as specialized and unique as Cuban food. The chefs are putting together some top-notch dishes and it's a friendly atmosphere.I stuck with tapas for our late lunch today, and it was a wise choice. I'm a fan of tapas and I'll always be happy with snacking on plantains and croquetas. This is a great place to do it. We had the ham croquetas, the empanada and the corn fritters (fried food heaven!). For two people it was a nice, light lunch. What's that? Fried food as a light lunch? How absurd! But believe me, even though all three items (among many others on the tapas menu) are indeed fried, you barely notice. Even with the rich bernaise sauce on the croquetas, it still seems light.The corn fritters have a wonderful blend of corn batter that's just sweet enough without you really noticing it, and the sauce that accompanies lends a nice touch of sourness to balance the act. The center of each fritter is a perfectly smooth and creamy.The empanada is filled with tasty pork, and unlike many other cuban places I've been too, it was not the least bit dry. The sweet mango sauce that's lightly drizzled over it combines well with the salsa to create some unique flavors.All in all, it was a very pleasant experience. The chefs are friendly and came out to chat with us and check on our meal. The prices were more than reasonable. Keep in mind they aren't open for dinner on Sundays and they are closed all day Monday. If you get a chance, check it out. Like I said, it's a tough area; it remains to be seen how well the yuppie moms warm up to the place. But I hope these guys do well.EDIT: OH YEAH! I forgot to mention the half-price tapas at Happy Hour! A bargain! (starts at 4 in the afternoon)
2	Recently, an acquaintance of mine recommended a new Cuban restaurant in my area. So today, I had the craving for some good Cuban cuisine. Since Babaloos is literally walking distance from my house, I thought, why not. So at lunch time, I decided to give this 'new' restaurant a try. When I walked-in my first impression was, 'WOW'! I loved the vibrant yellow walls and the colorful paintings on the walls. The upscale upholstery on the chairs, the table cloth, the colorful napkins, along with the cumbia music in the background made up the ambiance of this place. I ordered Camaron en Salsa Verde (Shrimp in green pesto sauce) and a side order of maduros with honey as my dipping sauce. Sounds good, right? The service was excellent and the food came in no time. After all, I was the only customer there. The presentation was very good and the half tomato with bread crumbs garnish was a nice touch. The moment of truth came when I tasted the food. Big disappointment! The 6 jumbo shrimp on top were bland, and the rice beneath was salty Uncle Ben's rice. The so-called green pesto sauce was chopped-up green bell peppers. It lacked spices and flavors. The main dish was a reminiscent of the old fashioned Campbell's chicken noodle soup. The rice, well, I've eaten a lot of rice in my lifetime, and this rice is definitely not the cooked white grain rice, but Uncle Ben's boxed rice (sorry Uncle Ben, no offense). But, my maduros and honey dipping sauce made-up for my main meal. But the again, anyone can make maduros, a deep fried ripe plantain banana.For those who knows this area, you are better off  satisfying your Cuban Cuisine cravings at Havana Cafe down the street.
4	We were tossed to the sharks for the one year anniversary event of Babloo's. There were were...mere Yelpers surrounded by the big dogs..the kids who get paid for the game...folks from the professionally published local rags. They were taking notes, smelling their wine milling over what they would write...hey wait..the only difference was I forgot my pen and we do it for free! We Yelpers do it for the love! Put me in coach. I'm ready to play.We opened the night with mojitos that were as lovely as anything i have ever had to drink.Minty...but not too much with just the right amount of sweet.Moving through courses paired perfectly with wines. Even the one wine that I didn't care for on it's own once used as a compliment to the course was very palatable. The food was delicious. Latin flair modern yet traditional. Mint used perfectly throughout. I was particularly fond of the green sauce, and the stuffed tomato was the perfect burst of flavor. And the beef dish was so perfectly prepared....mmm...The band was a perfect mood setter...and Zoe the singer,,if you read this consider it my proposal. Wow.I have a new favorite food. The cake! i am a bad latino...the dulce something or another...ZOMG! I felt slightly inappropriate eating it in public. If Zoe says no to my proposal I will gladly wed the dessert. Not to mention the amazing 40 yr aged rum they served to sip with it.They also sell cigars hand rolled by a true craftsman who was there showing the great care he put into the lovely smokes of which I took two home.I also want to give a special shout out to all of my fellow Yelpers who were there, especially Wes and Tera for the ride and company perfectly paired with a great meal and evening.
5	Splendid evening at Babaloos. Firstly, I'd like to thank Babaloos for the invitation, we had a really nice time. We've actually driven by a few times and were intrigued, but hadn't stopped in, that was a mistake! It's a very cute place, nice decor, the family seemed very nice, and well, let's get to the food, because it was absolutely scrumptious. We arrived at 7:30ish, sat at a table and were immediately welcomed with a couple refreshing mojitos. A few minutes later Croquetas de Jamon were passed around by the servers. Trying to hide as mozzarella sticks this appetizer was much more delicate, filled with ham and a bechamel and served with a Mornay sauce. All of the tastings were paired with wine, and in this case it was a very nice chardonnay.The second tasting was Amuse Bouche, a pineapple civiche, nice and crisp, paired with a pino grigio, which was perfect.My favorite dish of the evening (other than the dessert, which, do not fear, I will get to) was the Camarones en Salsa Verde. Sauteed shrimp with salsa verde, which was light and fresh and wonderful, but my favorite part of the dish was the roasted tomato with tropical pesto, it was so flavorful! That was paired with a red, Montecillo Crianza, which I thought was strange, since the dish was so light, but surprisingly it worked really well together.Next was the Ropa Vieja, flank steak slow cooked for hours in red wine, tomatoes, garlic, peppers and onions served with black beans and rice. This was exactly what I wanted after the lighter dishes, substantial, well cooked and comforting.Drumroll please, the finally...TRES LECHES, dessert was amazing, I'm not exaggerating at all. My husband described it like a delicate cake served on rice pudding, but I think it was more like eating a sweet cloud at sunrise. We were pretty stuffed when the dessert arrived, but after one bite, it was impossible to stop. Seriously, must try. It was paired with an awesome aged rum, which I'm not usually a big rum drinker, but totally appreciated this one. I'm writing this review, the day after, and am already craving to go back.
4	Full Disclosure: This review pertains to a private anniversary event at Babaloo's. The restaurant invited food critics, the media and a few Yelp Elite members to attend the event. Food, drink & entertainment was provided to attendees at no cost.Babaloo's started out by providing mojito's, with fresh mint (of course) and a delicious mix of ingredients. Text book mojito's, good stuff.A Cuban band was on site to entertain the guests during the event. The music was very pleasant and entertaining. Babaloo's also hosts live music every Saturday night, according to their website.A history of the restaurant was presented, discussing their Cuban family origins and how they meticulously create and maintain their recipes. This is a family owned restaurant that prides themselves in their food & its quality.Wine & food tastings started shortly thereafter. Samplings were provided for 1 appetizer, 4 entrees & 1 desert. 4 different wines were paired with the food samplings & a 40 year aged rum was served with dessert. 3 out of the 4 wines were fantastic. The one wine I did not like may just have been a style that I don't enjoy.Being a vegetarian, I couldn't try the majority of the food samplings as they all included meat, but my carnivorous table companions seemed to thoroughly enjoy the food. At one point, I was served a plate of some flavorful rice & beans over a crust and I did enjoy my little sides meal.The dessert was fantastic & literally melted in my mouth. Absolutely loved it. Many thanks to Babaloo's Cafe for inviting us and hosting the event. Thank you also to Gabi at Yelp for inviting us & to Nathan S. for the good conversation and taking "a real step up".
4	I wined and dined with the best of them. I was included in the one year anniversary tasting and enjoyed every minute of it! The food was delicious. They promote it as Cuban food with a modern flair, and I agree, it isn't traditional, but it's good. The mojitos that we started out with were OK. I wasn't thrilled with it. But every food dish and wine pairing danced on my taste buds and I liked it! The minced ham appetizers were scrumptious. I also tried pineapple ceviche served on a fried plantain. I did not care much for the ceviche but it was unique. I absolutely loved the shrimp and rice with tropical pesto sauce and the ropa vieja! The beef was falling apart on the plate and made my mouth water! To end the meal I was introduced to the most exquisite dessert, Tres Leches. Best cake ever! And paired with it was 40 year old rum! It was the smoothest and most flavorful with the cake. The Latin acoustic band and the gent hand rolling cigars in the corner really added to the ambiance. I looked at the prices on their regular menu and find them comparable to other specialty restaurants. I live in the West Valley, but I would make another trip to Babaloo's to try something new.
4	We had dinner at Babaloo's last night for their Wine Dinner, pairing wines from around the globe with some beautifully executed dishes. We started with spicy crab cake with pineapple mojo.  I've had mojo before but never this light and complex with a surprising combination of pineapple, garlic and a hint of cumin.  Just enough to say "what is that flavor?"  Next was the salmon ravioli over taragon and manchego pesto.  I have to tell you that I'm not a huge salmon fan, it tastes very fishy to me.  I was surprised to discover that the peso actually neutralized the fishiness so that, instead, a robust flavor emerged that was totally balanced by the acidity of a dry graffignia pino grigio.  Next was my favorite dish, sauteed duck breast over granny smith compote & blueberry sauce.  Virtually hauled me into fall flavors and like a warm blanket.  I've had greasy duck and then I've had amazing duck.  This was amazing.  Cooked to a perfect medium, juicy, smoky, sweet, fantastic.  Next was a steak au poivre.  Not my favorite way to eat steak as I'm not a huge pepper fan. My partner loved it.  The steak was tender and textured like prime rib.  The Austrailan Inkberry Shiraz was a great way to cut the spicyness of the dish. We learned from the wine expert that this variety of Shiraz is grown in the more harsh climate of the interior of Austrailia rather than the coast line.  That, and the way the vines are cultivated (severly pruned) make the wine complex and richer than it's cousins.  I loved his expalation that "the grapes have to be poor to become rich." Finally the desert, an oversized petit four topped with dark chocolate ganache.  Briliiant. The portions were perfect.  I felt satisfied and fulfilled. The real treat though is the family.  Mama works in the kitchen as well has her Chef son Robert.  They are warm, friendly and genuinely care about their guest. Disclosure: I am a vendor, however this is a true and honest review.  If my experience was not good I would not have reviewed them at all.  I do hope you consider this along with their other reviews.
2	Oh god, I SO wanted to love Babaloos.  I used to live 90 miles from Cuba, where the food is as close to authentic as you can get off the island.  I try to only patronize small, locally owned restaurants.  This deserved to be a match made in heaven, but what it was sad and dull. I won't beat the spindly, sickly, dry and very small horse, but I should give some brief explanation for my rating.  Had the appetizer sampler, pork empanada, camerones en salsa verde, ropa vieja, and the cuban sandwich.  Every dish was either totally and utterly bland, or salted past being able to taste anything else.  Even the black beans and rice were tasteless and as dry as dirt.  Think Cuban.day in the nursing home cafeteria.  The restaurant is lovely, the service and people were great.  I really hope the kitchen can get it figured out.  I'll try again, just based on the prior reviews.  But obviously people were encouraged at the "private" event to Yelp their opinions, so I take those with a grain of, well, salt.  I'm not sure where the bar of "beautifully executed dishes" was set, but it's likely not in the same hemisphere as Cuba.Surely there are people in this Valley who know what lies at the soul of Cuban food.  They just aren't working anywhere near Babaloos.
5	I have been here twice and have not yet been disappointed. The service is as it should be. The food is as good as my Grandmothers food, She came from Puerto Rico and live and passed there.  It is a must place to eat real Cuban  and Puerto food.
4	After living in the neighborhood for several years and never dropping by, we decided we could wait no more. The kids were with the in laws and it was safe to try something different, and weren't we glad we did. Enjoyed an excellent meal and a couple tasty cocktails on their comfortable outdoor patio. The service was equally good, as our server was attentive and comfortable with suggesting some menu selections for us. A real gem in Ahwatukee. We will be back !
4	I have only been in twice, but both times the food and service were excellent.  First trip in was for Date Night.  Wednesday nights they offer a fantastic prix fix menu that includes an appetizer, two entrees, dessert and a bottle of wine!  It was a great deal and we both loved our selections.Next time in I decided to meet a friend for Happy Hour and couldn't believe I left after a large appetizer and two drinks only spending $17!
3	Okay... so I'm perplexed about my review for Babaloos. I wanted to start off with only 2 stars, but really thought it was about 2.5 stars & wanted to fair on the better side with 3 stars because the good outweighed the bad. But I will not be returning for a second try.We had a coupon for this place, which was not close for us, but we are adventurous & like to step out of our local box for a good find. I, like other yelpers, wanted to love this place but it fell short. 90% of the food we ordered was bland.I am a fan & have a family recipe for corn fritters.... their version was corn meal mush in a fried shell. The cream habanero sauce was tasty but runny -though it was a must have to finish the fritters. We also ordered the empanada appetizer which was tasteless & the bland flavor of crust is what came through the most. The pork dish that was SUPPOSED to be stewed all night... was dry & dense! The yucca potatoes served with it were lifeless, dry & zero flavor until we added butter & salt. The rice/bean side seemed like they came out of a box & was extremely dry.... very disappointing. (sorry there seems to be a trend of dryness occurring) I do have some positive notes for Babaloos & want to give it props where it deserves it!! Let me start with the service - impressive! The staff were all very helpful & attentive, from the busser, to the waitress and right through to the bartender! We left a great tip for them - they earned it! I learned from a couple of them which plate I should order & they agreed individually on the Dorado (blackened Mahi dish). It was delicious & Moist! Also, the bartender made good drinks!! So there you have it... my bipolar version of a review. Not bad, but sadly not a winner. I recommend if you are looking for great Cuban food to go down the street to Havana Cafe - which is always a treat!!
4	What can I say about Babaloos other than Babalooooo! Just had to throw that in there. Alright, to the review. So being of Cuban blood how could I not try this place out. This is one Cuban joint I have not tried. What a wonderful restaurant! It's a small, intimate little place tucked away in the Ahwatukee foothills. It's colorful, the music is great, the mjoitos are good  (not drowned in mint), and the food is scrumtiously delicious!We started off with the corn fritters and my husband had the pork empanada. Ahh, very very good. They have a good selection for appetizers and I like how they suggest pairing which food with which wine. I had the mahi mahi which was cooked perfectly. The guava sauce was phenomenal! My hubby had the ropa vieja, a traditional Cuban dish and he enjoyed it very much. Then to top it all off, we shared the tres leches cake. Mmmmmmm good.... incredibly moist, flavorful and simply delicious! The waitress was very friendly, she came to our table several times asking if we needed anything and never had an empty glass of water. A definite must try if you're looking for something a little exotic, or new or just a change. I look forward to our next visit!
3	Had the plantain appetizer, which was really good.  The main courses were just ok.  We had the ropa vieja, which tasted more like pot roast. Although that's not necessarily bad, it's not what you would expect it to taste. We also ordered the lechon asado, which was actually pretty good.  The rice and beans were just ok.  In sum, the food wasn't bad, but it wasn't as flavorful as I would expect my Caribbean cuisine to be, and those, not really authentic.  Would probably go back for appetizer happy hour though, as they're half price and mine was good and the plates at surrounding tables looked good as well.
3	I had been wanting to try Babaloos since I ran across an article about them on AZcentral. I had been looking for a Cuban alternative to Havana Cafe and aside from a small Cuban restaurant in Tucson with unreliable hours, I hadn't heard of very many promising options. I was a little turned off by the high prices as well as the swanky images presented in the website (was I going to a lounge or a restaurant?) but I finally made my way there thanks to Grupon.We drove there on a Friday night. I was starving by the time we got there because it took much longer to find it than I anticipated. Chandler Blvd goes very far west. I was also overdressed (loungy you are not Babaloos). The restaurant itself is in a strip mall (albeit a slightly fancier strip mall than one on Thomas Rd. in Central Phoenix but a strip mall nonetheless). The service was slow; I guess those Grupon's really threw them off their game. We ordered a salad and an appetizer (both unappetizing and unforgettable), I was ready to throw in the towel and then the entrees came.We ordered Berenjena con Sofrito (eggplant with sofrito) and Jicama a la Parilla (grilled jicama) which both came with platanos (the eggplant with tostones and the jicama with platano frito). We had to order another side of the platano fritos because they were that good. The eggplant was so packed with flavor, I didn't want my meal to end. The jicama made for a light entree, but sufficient for my partner. While the entrees were phenomenal, I'm not sure I'd make a trip back, given the distance and the high prices. I may just stick with Havana Cafe.
5	The blackened Mahi is to die for nestled on mashed sweet potato. Just right!  Generous side helping of plantains as well.  Friendly wait staff.  Owner comes out to talk with patrons.  What more could you ask for in a small neighborhood bistro?  Confidently recommended!
3	UPDATE on alternate venue within previous review.... Havana Cafe closed down the street.... now only 2 locations in Central & Northern Phoenix. :(  makes me  sad, but you can still give Babaloos  a try for your own personal experience if you're craving Cuban cuisine.
4	Babaloo's is a lovely Cuban restaurant located in the beautiful Foothills of Ahwatukee. Family owned and operated, you can;t go wrong here! If you are looking for a great date night or just a place to enjoy a nice cocktail or glass of wine- you need to come check this place out. Service is amazing and the food is fantastic!
4	Babaloos has great choices for those who eat gluten free, so many yummy choices. We loved the Platano and Yuca appetizer. A few "Yelpers" recommended the egg plant dish, which I did not like. The rice, beans and tostones that come with it were very good. The others at our table had the Ropa Vieja which they all loved. Tonight the service was slow (a Thursday). They only had one waiter/bar tender and one hostess/waiter. We will visit again.
4	So we had a groupon, and decided to check this place out. It was a little deep (navigation took is a strange way) but let me say, it was worth the drive. We got there around 730 and were told we could either sit outside (it was chilly, no heaters) or there'd be a 40 minute wait, but we could sit at the bar. We sat at the bar, but they ended up getting us a table relatively quick.What a great little restaurant, it had the feel of a small little bistro. so dope. We started with the Yucca Fries with Picadillo and Manchego, soo good. Think Cuban version of chili cheese fries, but not as heavy or messy. awesome.I ordered the lechon asada which came with a mixed black bean and rice side and some roasted yucca, served with a garlic cream sauce. Loved Loved Loved this dish! If I had any suggestions, I do prefer larger pieces of pork instead of is being SO shredded, but that's a minor thing. The dish is legitThe wife ordered an empanada and a side of red beans and white rice. The empanada was just okay, rice and beans standard. With the groupon, we got out around 30 bucks!!  What a great little spot, MUCH better than any Cuban food I've had in the Valley. Way to go Babaloos!!!
4	I have been really looking forward to trying a different Cuban spot as it is so close to my Puerto-Rican food. I was a little apprehensive, though, since other Cuban restaurants were just okay. Thankfully, after a confusing and hella long drive, we arrived to this place that exceeded my expectations. When we got there, they quoted us a 40 minute wait but offered a table outside. With no heaters outside, I was like hell naw (and getting pissed after that long ass drive). We decided to sit at the bar and as soon as a table opened up, we were seated at a table within 15 minutes, so that was nice. While we sat at the bar, my husband ordered a glass of Malbec and they brought out some Cuban bread with honey butter. Being the bread head I am, I ate 75% of it...very good. Flaky on the outside, soft on the inside. For an app, we ordered a Yucca fries app with picadillo and Manchego cheese melted on top (their take on chili cheese fries but with Yucca). They were damn good. I wasn't very hungry in the first place and after overdoing it on the bread, I decided on some red beans and rice with one chicken empanada. I did not like the empanada mainly because it laid on a bed of mango salsa with a sweet sauce drizzled over the empanada. I am more traditional with my empanadas so I wasn't diggin the sweet elements. The red beans were bland but good when I added a little salt. Although my meal was just okay, there are many more dishes I'd be happy to try. My husband's Lechon was delicious, though, and the side of Yucca was just right. Although this place is in the cut, it is well worth the trip. Service was great, too. I would choose this over Havana Cafe any day....
4	For those of you planning to visit us, Babaloo's is no more.  For those of you who know us I just wanted to take a minute to leave a heartfelt thank you.When someone opens a new restaurant it is an exciting moment, a nervous moment, a scary moment all rolled into one.  If the worst thing that happens is a rack of wine glasses falling from the roof in a hail of glass then the opening can be considered a success-many have endured far more nightmarish openings in this industry.  As the weeks, months, and years go by a funny thing happens to the special restaurants, the good restaurants: they begin to feel like family and people come back.  This was where I came in, almost a year ago today, as a simple restaurant server with over 10 years of previous restaurant management experience.  I was not the best server, but I noticed that both customers and employees alike were always grateful, and made me feel at home.  This was the beauty of Babaloo's-it felt like family.  To Robert, Myra, George, Adam, Emily, Jon, Rob, Erika, and anyone I may have forgotten I offer my deepest thanks for allowing me to be part of your lives.  To all of the wonderful people who came to see us over and over again, I would far prefer to work a table seated with people I know, and you all never failed to help me out with that.  Babaloo's did not close because of the folks that supported us, it closed because sometimes in the bleakest economy a business fails, even despite the greatest efforts of those trying to keep it going. It was a fun ride.  Thanks Rob!
5	Sorry to say Babaloos is no CLOSED, they had good food, it was not a great location.
