3	Went to check this place today as the Humi was getting a little low. I had been recommended the place by a friend and it was pretty good. Their Humidor is decent sized and they stock a good variety, a few of my regular sticks weren't there but I was informed they could get them for me. The building itself has a few areas to lounge and enjoy a stick but I was in a hurry so I just hopped in and bought a few for the weekend.I will be going back to check this place out when I have time to smoke a stick and give the place a full review.
4	What an awesome cigar shop! Paul was working when I stopped in, he was super friendly and their boutique selection was a breath of fresh air for the Vegas market.There was talk of future expansion which is very welcome being the shop appears a little cramped.  Definitely try this shop with its close location to the major hotels.
4	This is a great place to get your cigar. They can help you find a good quality cigar that you will enjoy. Have a place to talk and smoke if you wish to stay and enjoy a cigar and some conversation.
5	I went to Pheasant as a guest of a member. This is undoubtedly the nicest place I have ever smoked a cigar in. I would purchase a membership if it were in a more convenient location for me.
5	good place to get better quality cigars. the people that work there are always helpful and love to strike up a short conversation. i never had the chance to sit down in their cigar room since i was always on the way to go somewhere. their prices are good as well. they carry padrons which is always a plus for me.
5	This truly is the best place for your smoking experience in Vegas. The selection in the humidor is excellent and the staff is very helpful in recommending the right cigar for you. Whether you are a seasoned habano smoker or someone just starting to find a way to unwind, they are able to help you find the best fit/flavor of cigar. The lounge area is the best in town. It provides leather seats to relax while enjoy your cigar and a drink. Visit here and I promise you will be back.
4	After visiting Casa Fuente in The Forum shops, this was a pleasant change. It's not nearly as glitzy, pricey, or annoying as CF.The owner was helpful. They have free wifi and free bottled water. While they don't carry a lot of the mass produced cigars, they have a nice variety of "boutique" stuff.The interior looked like it could use a new coat of paint, but other than that it's a very enjoyable place.Plus it's easy to get to. It's just a few blocks off I15 on Sahara p.s. this is a cigar shop, not a lounge (no booze)
