5	Although it is true, Spectrum Fitness and Wellness Center could use an update, one must remember that this is a baby gym, It will only continue to grow, develop, and improve. Personally, I would trade my personal TV on my brand new machine for the knowledge, guidance, and overall friendly atmosphere created by the people who are giving this gym their all. Those who give them a chance will witness this gym blossom into its full potential, and will enjoy being a part of it!
5	Good stacks, good space, good people. Quan is quick with a hello and desk staff is friendly. I started up just as it became Spectrum, no issues, no complaints from me. New equipment is on the way though not really needed. A real gym doesn't need tvs on every treadmill. Highly recommend Spectrum.
5	Huge gym, with every type of equipment you can imagine and multiple of each. Tons of free weights so you never have to wait for anything. Never crowded and has a full size pool, hot tub, sauna and steam room. Best price in town from what I found. Not to mention the equipment is in awesome condition and when something breaks, they fix it right away, unlike most other gyms I have had memberships at.
4	I'm not a fan of the gym, not because I don't like physical activity but because I prefer to do it either outdoors or in a semi-competitive setting.  I'm sorry but riding the elliptical for 30 minutes then, messing around with the weights for another 30 seems dull as shit. I wasn't finding anything in my area that piqued my interest by means of exercise and this gym is close to home so I stopped by to check it out.  I was mainly concerned with the fitness classes they offered and if the times would fit in to my schedule.  My second concern was contract, the word makes me cringe, I hate commitments.  Luckily, no contract, an even $20 per month and $10 extra for unlimited childcare - I was in baby.I've been to every class the gym has to offer (except water aerobics) and I love it all.  The instructors are awesome and strive to make the class a challenge for all fitness levels.  The locker rooms are super clean, well the women's anyway.  My 2 year old boy loves going to the childcare and talks about his "teacher" even when we are at home. The only downside is they have an in-house "doctor" that is there with the premise of getting you healthy, when really he's trying to sling HCG for $500.
3	Bought a three-month pass for a school fundraiser. I haven't been back here since it was Fitness Factory. It's basically the same gym, they haven't changed it much at all other than the health food bar. The equipment is newer and well-maintained. Even though they have a kids zone, it's still not a very kid-friendly place. The downside is they don't seem to like using their air-conditioner. It's always hot and sticky like a sauna inside. I'm going to assume I'm burning even more calories that way!
4	Nice selection of equipment, no waiting for anything, and equipment is in good working condition.  Always clean, but I've noticed the air conditioning has been lacking a little lately...perhaps this is a way they are keeping prices reasonable...  Wife liked the yoga classes, and the pool area looks great!  This is a mostly no-frills, uncrowded, well-equipped gym.  You won't be paying for the yuppie "lifestyle" or stupid booming music.  So, if you want a nice gym, without the used car salesmanship atmosphere, this is it!  Add TV stations to the ellipticals, and this would be 5 stars.
5	I recently joined Spectrum Fitness and I am so happy with how friendly the staff is, and how non-intimidating the environment is. There are people there of all shapes, sizes and levels of fitness. This place is not a meat market. Quan, the General Manager is so friendly, he always remembers you, and greets you by  name. Mike and Chris, two of the Personal Trainers are also very helpful. Mike Lewis, who has been my Personal Trainer is so motivating and encouraging. I recently had surgery and was out of shape. He was very understanding and set me up with a training schedule that would help me gradually improve my strength. I would definitely recommend this gym if you are looking for a down to earth, friendly place to be healthy!
4	This place Is pretty good. I like the fact that you don't need to worry about it being overcrowded which is very nice. It also has a swimming pool which is great especially if you don't want to heat your pool up in the winter time with the extra cost. Staff seem nice and the membership fees are rather reasonable
4	Can't beat the price! Spectrum Fitness is now only $10 a month (Cardio & Weights) or choose the Premier membership at $20 a month (I was grandfathered in) for all classes, pool usage and Unlimited Guests Pass (bring a friend everyday, if you want, just have them buy you lunch...hehe)...you also get access to the new Mesa location, with unlimited Tanning included (Yay!)! If you want to pay for country club amenities that you barely use and show off your new fitness clothes, go somewhere else.
3	Its a nice gym and I love the Zumba classes. Wish they had more classes and better teachers (my fav left!). Definitely a place to join if you are more of a weight/treadmill person.
1	This place is terrible.  I have to start off by saying that I am not a member at this gym, but I wanted to be... I read from a fellow  Yelper that you could use the cardio and weights for $10 a month.  I wasn't sure if this was just a promotion so I attempted SEVERAL times to reach out to Spectrum.  I email them through their website a couple of times, and I also found an email on their facebook page.  After attempting to send at least 4 emails that warrented no response, I thought maybe commenting through their Facebook page would get them to respond.  I simply stated "does no one return emails from Spectrum Fitness"  Of course since this was out for the world to see, they quickly commented "we haven't recieved any of your emails except the one you just sent" amazing how the email started to work!!I inquired about their memberships, since I belong to Pure Barre, I just want somewhere to run indoors.  They told me that they had a basic membership, for $9.99/ month a $49 enrollment fee and a $39.99 annual fee.  Annual fees are all of a sudden part of memberships at gyms, find I'll pay my annual dues, but we all know enrollment fees are just a way to collect more money from me.  Collect it from the people that dont use their memberships.  They also had a premier membership $20 a month with some other fees.  On their website they say they will waive enrollement ifyou bring in your old gym key tag!  Perfect I was going to switch gyms!  When i inquired about this, he said only if I bring in a coupon... no where online does it say I have to bring in a coupon.  When asking about this I got NO RESPONSE.  I emailed them again saying exactly what I wanted out of my membership, take it or leave it.  I then got a response saying that they can't remove the annual fee.... NOT WHAT I WAS ASKING! Thanks for not answering my questions correctly.  I haven't heard anything from the last two emails that I sent so I then decided I was over it.  What a joke this place is.  Unlike Facebook they can't remove my review on Yelp.  People should be warned this place does not have it together!!! Don't waste your time with a management team that could care less that you are there, but just want to collect a bunch of BS fees.  I wish I could have given 0 stars to Spectrum or Evolution or whatever this place is called!
1	This place is terrible.  I have to start off by saying that I am not a member at this gym, but I wanted to be... I read from a fellow  Yelper that you could use the cardio and weights for $10 a month.  I wasn't sure if this was just a promotion so I attempted SEVERAL times to reach out to Spectrum.  I email them through their website a couple of times, and I also found an email on their facebook page.  After attempting to send at least 4 emails that warrented no response, I thought maybe commenting through their Facebook page would get them to respond.  I simply stated "does no one return emails from Spectrum Fitness"  Of course since this was out for the world to see, they quickly commented "we haven't recieved any of your emails except the one you just sent" amazing how the email started to work!!I inquired about their memberships, since I belong to Pure Barre, I just want somewhere to run indoors.  They told me that they had a basic membership, for $9.99/ month a $49 enrollment fee and a $39.99 annual fee.  Annual fees are all of a sudden part of memberships at gyms, find I'll pay my annual dues, but we all know enrollment fees are just a way to collect more money from me.  Collect it from the people that dont use their memberships.  They also had a premier membership $20 a month with some other fees.  On their website they say they will waive enrollement ifyou bring in your old gym key tag!  Perfect I was going to switch gyms!  When i inquired about this, he said only if I bring in a coupon... no where online does it say I have to bring in a coupon.  When asking about this I got NO RESPONSE.  I emailed them again saying exactly what I wanted out of my membership, take it or leave it.  I then got a response saying that they can't remove the annual fee.... NOT WHAT I WAS ASKING! Thanks for not answering my questions correctly.  I haven't heard anything from the last two emails that I sent so I then decided I was over it.  What a joke this place is.  Unlike Facebook they can't remove my review on Yelp.  People should be warned this place does not have it together!!! Don't waste your time with a management team that could care less that you are there, but just want to collect a bunch of BS fees.  I wish I could have given 0 stars to Spectrum or Evolution or whatever this place is called!**After dealing with Quan at Spectrum, he then told me "oh you are confused we are Fitness Evolution now" even though he knew I was referring to WHATEVER the name of the gym is... But change your facebook, change your email, and send people to your new website, then you can avoid POOR POOR customer service and confusion.  I guarentee I am not the only person to be confused, MAKE IT MORE CLEAR!
1	Gross gym!...Dirty, not enough bikes, or equipment..mats are disgusting and torn up..wood floor is coming up in places...bathrooms..gross....I have been to a couple classes where there are literally 2 or 3 people in the class...that should've been a clear sign not to join as this gym has been many gyms in the past......Susan the muscle instructor is awesome...and Tammie, one of the zumba instructors is great as well....those are the two best things about this gym
5	I went to fitness works for over 5 years and joined Fitness Evolution this year. They have started to build up there group fitness program. I've been taking Body Pump classes and really enjoy the energy of the instructors and class. Carmen is the instructor I've been taking the body pump class. She teaches us form, technique and keeps the class moving. If you're looking for a nice, clean gym try Fitness Evolution and definitely goto Carmen's pump class.
1	I went to this Gym in order to get a membereship. I was checking out gyms, and this was one of the places. The girl gave me a 7 day pass to use the gym, which I was really impressed with. After my first day there, I go to retrieve my  pass so I can go home. The girl that gave me the pass said that she got in trouble with the manager for giving me a 7 day pass, and she has to replace it with a 3 day pass. She tore it up right in front of me! The manager didn't come up to me to apologize, or explain the situation, or anything! I felt it was extremely rude to tear up my 7 day pass. I mean, it was given to me, to try out there gym. I was a possible member. And in fact, I was going to join! However, after being treated that way, i certainly am not. My decision was later solidified when i called the gym to ask a question. A man answered, and was VERY rude. I also spoke to a personal trainer there. He was nice, however, it was obvious he wanted to be elsewhere. They also do not have many staff there, so if you need help with something, good luck. So due to their customer service, and the people who work there, I give this place 1 star.As for the environment. the gym itself is nice. They have nice looking floors, and from what I saw of the machines, they seem to have nice machines to workout with. Due to an injury, I can't comment on how said machines work, since all i can do is aqua exercises. The pool itself is actually quite nice. It starts off at 4.6, slopes to 5 feet, then back down to 4.6. Being six feet tall, that is perfect for me. The water is also a nice temperature. So, the pool itself, I would give five stars.. But, there is some major drawbacks, even with the pool. First, the pool is far away from the desk, you are practically isolated from the rest of the gym. So if anything goes wrong, you're in trouble. Half of the lights do not work, so unless it's real bright outside, it is quite dark in the pool area. The environment of the pool area is kind of like a tin can. White walls, an a white tin roof that is all rusted. The pool equipment that they do have is disgusting, and needs to be replaced badly! The jets in the hottub are so weak, it's just like sitting in bath water.I definitely did not enjoy it. Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, they have swimming classes from 4PM until 7:30 PM. So only one lane is open for members during those times, and that is ONLY if there isn't too many kids there. That is a long period of time! On Thursday, the classes start at around 6. The classes are popular, so if you go in the pool during those times, you will be sharing it with a ton of kids, and a screaming professor. Very uncomfortable, and undesirable.The dressing room is nice when you first walk into it. However, as you use it, you will notice that the lockers are EXTREMELY small, and narrow. The showers, are so small, that you cannot move without bumping into the shower wall. The shower heads are also down too low. It's impossible to bathe, as the shower head is right there. My biggest reason for not attending the gym, I have to say, is due to the manager. I found tearing up my pass and reducing the days on it was extremely unprofessional, and shows that this gym cannot be relied upon to keep its' promises. They do not even know anything about their promotions, or are lying, since I asked two different people about a certain promotion, and got told two different things. Take it from me, go elsewhere. The price is great, but price isn't everything.
1	Joined during their promotion to turn in your fob from another gym and they waive some fees.  I did that, turning in my fob from a larger gym just down the street.  Less amenities but not as crowded.  Class schedules were limited but I figured it was just because they were under new management and didn't have a lot of members.  Probably would have given it a 4 at that stage.  Found out less than a month after signing up that I was assigned to an project that took me out of state every week.  Went in to cancel, understanding that I had to give 30 days, but was told I couldn't cancel without a manager and there wasn't a manager on site and that only Managers had access to the cancellation form - I supposed so they can try and talk me out of canceling.  I asked when a manager would be in and rearranged my schedule to return.  Guess what, no manager.  Now another week has gone by and the 30 days notice is still required.  I agreed to try one more time and still no manager.  At this stage I wasn't sure a manager even existed.  On the third attempt and 16 days after I first attempted to cancel, I told the front desk that I was unacceptable that they weren't letting me cancel and wrote out my own cancellation notice and left it with her.  And then the collection calls started.  I explained and explained but no one cared.  I went to the location again and on the 5 attempt, stumbled upon a manager.  She told me I couldn't cancel with a past due.  I explained my problem.  She said sorry.  I paid for the additional month that I owed as part of my 30 days notice. I'm not trying to cheat them, just have them follow their end of the contract.  I refuse to pay the rest,  Let them report to a credit agency.  They will get more bad press than just this post.  Ask them to give you the cancellation form when you sign up.  At least you'll be prepared in the event you decide to cancel.  Too bad because I'd have re-joined after my project ended, but have gone back to my original gym.
5	One of the best and least expensive gyms around. I pay $10 a month and it has everything I need. Good machines, plenty of cardio equipment, a squat rack, a pool, and lots of free weights. I have looked at several gyms in my area and this one was hands-down the best in price and options!
1	I would give them ZERO stars if I could.  We joined before summer (husband, son and myself).  No issue at that time.  Couple months later we did not have fees taken out.  We asked...yea no idea.  Okay?  Asked someone else, let me look into it.  Finally weeks later yea something happen and we were not in the system, so we brought in a new check.  Again...nothing came out for payment.  I finally said forget it cancel the accounts.  Now into December we are getting automated calls saying to call a number regarding our accounts.  I call OVER 30 MINUTES on hold and the recording is for a software company to do your gym accounting or something.  Finally a person answers and they have NO idea what I am even talking about.  UGH!!  Then try going into the gym and find someone over 20 who can help you.  Totally unable to do that.  What a MESS.  Still we have no fix.  Skip this place!!12/24 update - still no help in this.  I have left messages for a manager to call me back time and time again.  Called again today manager is on vacation and staff has no idea when he gets back. So frustrating!!
5	Joined fitness evolution this week after being a member of lifetime fitness for 10 years. Day after we joined was the annual member appreciation holiday party how fun that they do something for the members and they gave away prizes  Wasn't sure about the move after being member of another gym and all they offered but really liking the gym as I use the gym daily. Nice choice of machines , as female have been able to get into free weight area with no problem and cardio machines are great too  and never have to wait for an machines here
1	This place is under new management but I refuse to take my child there or use the facility due to Lice. UGH!
2	They have changed their plans since I started going. They no longer offer unlimited guest passes, freedom to go to both locations or the classes with the $20 a month plan. Will be looking elsewhere at my year end. I had to pay $120 enrollment fee and a $39 annual fee when I signed up and that is the only reason I'm staying for the full year.
1	ATTENTION::I was overbilled 2x n a month., I payed 1st & last month already.  , dont get fooled w/their 9$ special. I will never recommend this facilities to everyone.  They billed me 39$ for their maintenance watsoever. MANAGER doesn't know wat is  costumer service...
1	I payed first and last month when I started with this gym when it was Spectrum. They got bought out by this horrible company and the new management is horrible! I have been back and forth for a month and a half trying to get my last months fees back since they billed me. I have talked to 6 different people at both locations and corporate. I keep being told they will call me back and I have yet to hear back from anyone. I am actually waiting for a girl named Stephanie to call me back right now, she was supposed to call me back in 15 minutes.. It has been 7 hours and I have called back twice. This is unacceptable. I was with this gym for two years and had personal training with them the entire time and I was warned they would try and charge me one last payment so I stayed on top of it and no one is able to get back to me. WORST GYM EXPERIENCE EVER!
1	Please do not trust this gym when it comes to billing.  Our account has gone to several different places and after speaking to their billing department in MN I was told we would receive correct final bills to pay.  Never saw them and now they have sent our account so collections.  ALL I want to do is pay the CORRECT final amount and close these accounts, BUT they have not helped us at all.  The manager Quan did nothing but LIE to my face regarding helping us solve this issue.  We are now looking at taking legal action to solve this issue and contacting the BBB to file a claim.
1	I just got charged $39.99 for the "annual fee" on 7/20.  We NEVER were told about any annual fee.  I find it illegal to be able to charge my credit card this fee without my permission.  We never signed a document stating we agreed to an annual fee!!!  When I called into Fitness Evolution they stated that the entire gym was charged this fee on the same day and that is how it works.  I asked to cancel my membership and get my money back and they said I will not get my money back because it was already charged.  We never signed anything!  We signed up for a month to month contract that could be canceled with 30 days notice at anytime.  We paid a start up fee and that was all we were told.  Maybe this is all happening because it just changed over hands from Spectrum Fitness, however when we signed up we signed with Fitness Evolution.  I will pursue this matter as it is ILLEGAL to charge someones credit card without they prior authorization!!
1	Machines always broken and employees only care about getting your money. Spend a few extra bucks and go elsewhere.
1	Horrible company, horrible customer service and totally ripped me off on monthly fees. I got charged twice before my first month was even up an was NEVER told about this. We I called, the manager said it was in the contract I signed, which I have never seen or was not given a copy of.
4	This is a nice, clean gym with a pool and brand new treadmills as of 8/2014. I left You Fit due to the lack of child care. My kids love the Kids Care here, they play a movie, Wii and seem to have a good time playing with the other kids. There was a mixup on the enrollment fee as my kids seemed to pay one too since they are enrolled in the kids care but apart from that I do like the gym. $30/mo and that includes the Kids Care.
4	So I don't really know why this place got such bad reviews. I started coming here because it was much closer to my house and they offered the kind of personal training I was looking for. The staff is friendly and I have hardly ever seen the front desk not attended. I started personal training with John and I am very happy. I haven't had any problems with billing. They went over all the fine print with me and let me know about the annual fee and everything. Very pleased.
2	I'd just like to say there are a couple pros here as I have been a member for about a year. First there is an abundance of free weights which is a plus for the type of workouts I do. Also, it's rather uncrowded probably because of the reasons I'm about to list.1. Old equipment, if these treadmills are new, why do they squeak and moan like a mouse fighting a whale. The bikes actually slip gear which when I'm using them which  at high resistance could possibly cause injury. 2. Repairs?? Coming soon.... Steam Sauna has been out for 6 weeks. 6! I'm no plumbing master but when it's one of the reasons I joined this is a problem. And then....... Dry saunas busted. Ugh, I was on with the dial not really working, as long as it got hot right? Forget it. Done. Oh and that bike, never going to happen, just use a different one.3. By far not the dirtiest gym ever but definitely not the cleanest. A couple broken mirrors, a lot of unracked weights. A healthy amount of dirt. Again, not the most but more than I'd like.So yes, I'm here giving you fair warning as I contemplate what my next gym stop will be. It'd be great if something was this cheap and actually nice.
