1	Went to this location on 8/8/13. Extremely slow service. Only one of the three cash registers was open. I stood and waited for over 5 minutes and the entire time there was only one customer in front of me. There were 4 employees that were near counter and talking but none of them came to help me. I looked over multiple times to the group which I believe included 2 managers and still no acknowledgement. Finally I just decided to walk out. I really liked Baja Fresh which used to be in this location. The employees before seemed much more competent and friendly. Definitely a very disappointing first impression.
2	Overpriced for okay food.  I don't get it.  Slow service--not the food, but placing your order takes forever.  Also, don't be fooled by the two sizes--you'll want the bigger one for a normal meal.
2	The place has excellent customer service and it's very clean, however, they severely lack on the quality of the food. I ordered two Carne Asada tacos and a vegetarian quesadilla. Bad idea! The meat was dry and tough, the tortilla wasn't heated at all when they brought it to me and on the quesadilla, there was too much cheese, ugh. Also, the guacamole has no flavor what so ever. The quesadilla was bland and I really did have to smother it in Tapatio sauce to give it any flavor. On the bright side, the chips and salsa were decent and the employees and awesome but I think I will have to pass on this place again for lunch.
5	Love the carne asada tacos.  The place is clean, staff is friendly and they have one of those nifty coke machines where you have 1000's of mixing choices.  We've been there several times already and plan to return.
3	Place is nice and the staff was pretty friendly. Their food is just ok. There are several different Mexican food places around here which are a lot better. I was pressed for time and this place is right across from where I work. I got their carne asada tacos. Nothing special. I would come here again if I were pressed for time again, but other than that, I will go elsewhere.
2	Friendly staff and fast service, but if you are looking for Baja Fresh.,.......this is not it.  I had their signature combo with 3 different types of tacos and all the items were dry.  I guess the flavor is a little bland too but I did not notice it as I was trying to figure out how this place could be so crowded even when the meats are dry.  well the salsa and chips are decent, good spicy salsa.  Otherwise for 7-8 bucks for 3 subpar tacos, no thank you.  I have had better at a lot of places and also, if your tacos are leaking and falling apart, why don't you use 2 shells ?  I mean, it can't be that much.  I had 5 dollar plates at el rancho ranch market and they serve them that way and their meat was not dry.  Anyway, I guess the bright light, clean eating area, friendly staff makes up for subpar food for folks who want a quick lunch.  it is indeed america's taco shop if you are looking for an american taco, but heck I had better tacos at Dos Gringos and I'm pretty sure the chef was drinking too :)  Pls bring back Baja Fresh.
4	I am a big fan of the America's Taco in Scotsdale so I was pretty happy they opened one closer to the house. I only get one thing here. The Bean and Cheese Burrito Terry's way and Guacamole and chips so take what you will from that.  The vegetarian quesadilla really needs to be rethought.  It's a cheese quesadilla with a bunch of onions and lettuce.  The plain old cheese one is much, much better.  The Beans are lard free and very good and an excellent quick lunch if you are vegetarian.  The staff here are very nice and the food comes out quickly.  They even have the option to order online and just pick it up. I am deducting one star for the quesadilla and the fact they ran out of beans one day and they didn't tell me till after I had ordered.  I had to get the vegetarian quesadilla which wasn't a very good substitute.Try:- Bean and Cheese Burrito Terry's Way- Guacamole and Chips
4	Surprisingly pretty good. Will have to eat here again
2	I had high hopes for this place because I love a good taco. I was disappointed and probably won't be back for three reasons: the food is way overpriced, the portions are too small and the food was just ok. I'll stick to Los Taquitos down the street.
2	What is this? Mexican food for ants??? They should rename it America's Smallest Tacos. Seriously, ridiculously small, about the size of your palm with 3 tablespoons of meat. I am not a big eater or overweight by any means and I would need about 6 of these tacos which would cost $14.50. Sorry but that's just crazy. If I'm going to pay grotesquely inflated prices for Mexican food I'll go to Mango's in Mesa where at least I feel like it's a value. That being said, the favors were fantastic, really delicious marinated meats, the corn with cream sauce was amazing. Great chips and salsa too. If you're ok paying for it, it's a tasty place to eat. I just can't justify the cost.
4	Compared to the America's Taco Shop on University, this location is newer, has plentiful parking, and is quite spacious. The quality of food is about the same, plus they also have a design-your-own soda machine! We stepped in on a Saturday night, and there weren't that many patrons here, but more trickled in after we ordered. We shared a veggie quesadilla, and I had a carne asada vampiro. The quesadilla was nicely grilled, and the veggie components were flavorful enough that I didn't miss the lack of meat at all. The vampiro was a crispy corn tortilla layered with carne asada, veggies, cheese, and guacamole. The guacamole in tubed form was kind of weird (Taste was OK), but for less than $4, who am I to complain? I got spicy salsa on the side. Overall, it was a good balance of textures and flavors. I tried some al pastor too, which had a great spice mixture on it. I appreciate that you can see the rotating spit the al pastor is on, so you know you are getting something freshly carved off the spit!Service was cheerful and friendly. It did take a little longer for our food to be served, but we didn't mind since we had the make-your-own-drink station to keep ourselves occupied.Overall, if I'm craving America's Taco Shop, this is the location I'll be at!
5	My first impression was how clean and open the lobby and dining room was! The cashiers in front were very friendly. They were knowledgeable about every question i had pertaining to the menu. They were fast and efficient while i was ordering. I tried the America's corn which completely blew my mind. I also enjoyed (very much) the al pastor tacos. The meat on my tacos were perfectly seasoned and tasted like a sweet & smokey flavor. If you like pineapple then this is a must! I also ordered a side of beans with my meal. These beans are not like your typical refried beans from the Mexican food place around the corner, these beans are smooth and naturally delicious! The melted jack cheese on top made the beans an EXCELLENT side to anything on this menu. I come here for my linch breaks with friends and i call ahead and get a fresh breakfast burrito on my way to work. Fast, fresh, and easy choice for any meal!   and My family LOVES this place! Much better alternative to any other fast food place in Tempe
3	03/07/2014I went here, ordered a Mexican Coke, an al pastor taco, a carne asada taco and a shrimp ceviche.My biggest complaint is the so-called guacamole. I read the story of America's mom on the menu. I'm convinced that she would be ashamed of the frozen "guacamole" chubs. ( a chub is a frozen pouch used in prepackaged food).Yes, I saw the delivery guy bringing them in the front door. ( this us after I scraped it off my tacos)The meat on the tacos was tasty, but not plentiful. It reminds of the 1990s and Tacos de Mexico - "Home of the fifty cent taco."For $2.39, it is very small. The shrimp ceviche was good. No complaints there.The place is very clean and no complaints about the service.I initially thought the name was in reference to over Americanization of the place. For a smaller chain it feels overly commercialized.I don't know of any of these stores in the land I call home. I guess it's ok for fast food, but definitely do yourself a favor and skip the so-called guacamole if you order anything here.BTW: I'm not a big eater, I'm a small guy. I spent $16.00 and left hungry. If you like a large meal, being a big wallet.
5	First time today for lunch.Interior- spotless, could have eaten off the floor if I wanted to.Service, friendly, helpful and speedy, only about 8-10 minutes to get everything.Got a chance to talk to zack, he was a serious food guy, he was happy as can be to talk to me about the food.I had the dip trio, seriously licked the bowls.chips were hot and delicious (i cannot stand cold chips)I got 3 carne asada tacos, they were delicious, this is exactly what I am used to gettingt on the street in mexico, the people complaining about the size of them probably have not had tacos in mexico. I was there 10 days ago, and these are spot on.I also had the corn, cant remember what its called there, but it was awesome! Reminded me of drunken snacking in tijuana.I will absolutely go back. I have been to the other location in old town and the food is not nearly as good as this one, nor is the restaurant nearly as clean.all in all, if you want some legit tacos, Americas taco shop is a perfect spot to get in and out in a hurry.
5	My new favorite chicken quesadilla! Super fresh and flavorful, with just the right amount of everything. Needs a little hot sauce, but that's true with all food as far as I'm concerned. I'll definitely be back for another, probably later this week. :-)
5	Great modern location! Of course the food is awesome. Not over the top spicy, and easy on the stomach. You won't feel disgusting after eating here.SODA MACHINE, Unlike other locations. BEST GUACAMOLE!!!
3	A few of us who work across the street from this location have had some good and bad experiences with the food. It seems very overpriced for some items. And I sometimes walk away with the feeling of I just bought a snack over an actual meal. The service is excellent and the salsa is fresh. Just want a little more for my buck.
3	SO bummed that they don't offer Sour Cream in their restaurants..
1	This place is just terrible. Although it appears clean inside, the servers were inattentive and seemed to all hate each other.There are virtually no vegetarian options. I ordered a veggie quesadilla. When it finally came out, I unfolded the 5" tortilla to find uncooked onions, wilted lettuce, cheese, and a small smear of guacamole. I didn't even take a bite. I took it back to the counter and asked for my money back. I was so disappointed. I should say that I am very thankful they were willing to give me my money back, but I will never go there again. Not worth it.
5	This place is one of my favorites for tacos. I always get the carne asada tacos. The topping is amazing.. guac and shredded lettuce.. yum! I always add on a bean and cheese burrito. I tried their salsa for the first time yesterday and it is delicious as well. They also have that really cool Coke machine for the kids- and me! I'm soo happy they opened near my house and I don't have to trek up to 7th street for America's!
1	You will get the shits after eating here.... tried several times since I work close....  myself and coworkers all have the same result with different menu items.....  pass by, eat somewhere else.You will thank me later
1	We decided to check this place out. We came on a Saturday afternoon and were the only customers. The place was clean and the staff was friendly.  My husband ordered the taco trio and I ordered the Carne Asada burrito.  Both dishes were delicious. My only complaint is that I would have preferred more salsa with my burrito. I easily could have asked, but didn't. Update: I got very sick about 40 minutes after eating here. WE WILL NOT RETURN!!
3	Carne Asada Burrito W/ Potatoes, verdict: For the price and quantity I think your ordinary or local taco stand would do you more justice.The service is top-notch, the staff is friendly, and the atmosphere and facility looks great. The food is delicious, and actually quite different from what I'm used to.The price is fair, for the overall experience. But in the end, my stomach is the final judge. I guess I'm just used to being served in larger quantities, because I like the idea that I can eat half of my burrito and still have half for later.This place is great if you want an awesome place to eat, friendly staff to interact with, and get great authentic flavors out of your food.
3	I used to work right next to here and would stop in for lunch once a week or so. The service is okay, not the best but not the worst. The food is pretty good. I normally get the breakfast burrito, because I'm a sucker for breakfast food.
5	This is my first time here and got a Carne Asada burrito and chips and salsa the hot salsa is pretty good. I really like the way my burrito was made to order. And there chips seem to be made daily the dining area was very clean over all the restaurant is organized and the a staff is very helpful and friendly
3	The tacos here are delicious, but the problem is they are only affordable on Tuesday Taco day. Any other day they are expensive considering you can eat one in a single bite.  I have never been back a second time, but if you are coming here for tacos I would suggest only coming on a Tuesday.
