5	Love this place. The cleanings are super fast which I love because I don't have to end up spending my whole day in here just for a teeth cleaning. All the employees are super nice always talk to you and as if you need anything and ask how you're doing. The waiting room is a pretty good size and they have a little section there for little kids to watch t.v. and draw which is cute.
5	Michelle the hygienist is fantastic! She's fast and does a very thorough job at the same time! The staff are all great and very friendly! Dr. Roderick is great he's very caring and I've never felt like he was out to get money, ya know some doctors want ya to do this and that  just for money! My husband and I have continued to drive to this office after we moved further away! There all so friendly and truly care! I'd recommend Dr. Roderick to anyone!!!
5	I'm pleased to say, I've been seeing Michelle and Dr. Roderick for nearly 10 years, and I've never had a bad experience.  Michelle is quick, and thorough, a true professional! Dr. Roderick takes the time to explain tough procedures in simple terms so you feel comfortable with what they need to do.  They're not close to my home or work, but worth the drive.  I'd recommend them to anyone.
5	I've been going to Dr. Roderick for years. Him and his staff have always been awesome! No complaints here.
5	I am happy I found Dr. Roderick 11 years ago.  I know I am with the best dentist there is in Arizona!  Plus he has a first class team working with him Michelle, April and Connie.  Thank you for the great dental care I receive!
5	I have been a patient here since 2005. Dr. Roderick was referred to me by one of my clients and I continue that tradition; he is who I refer everyone to. The staff is amazing. They are professional, friendly, and considerate of the patients' time. I look forward to my cleanings with Michelle, it's like a massage on my gums and a sparkle on my teeth. Thanks! See you next week.
5	I had major work done involving crowns and veneers. The team made the process much easier and comfortable than expected. Efforts were also made to insure the work was complete prior to my scheduled vacation. Overall a very positive experience!
5	Very professional and courteous. Staff is awesome. Dr Roderick is caring and very professional. And my favorite dental hygienist: Michelle. Thank you all for your great service!
5	It is always great to see Michelle and Dr. Roderick! They both have been taking care of my teeth since 2004. They both make sure that my dental health and teeth are the best! Plus, Michelle makes sure that I floss! :-)
