4	So The wife and kids are out skating and I have zero coordination so I eat instead. I drove to one place, closed! I drove to another, closed! So at this point I will just have another freakin drive through or something. I see a place called Burger Studio, there are several people walking around and the place looks busy. I walk over and realize it is friends of the owners and their kids, 2 owners and 3 workers. Not exactly clients ya know. The place is brand spankin new. They opened last week. The decor is a modern, decor. (hence STUDIO) There are about 5-7 tables that seat about 4 at each. It looks really cool. The owners are really nice, they can fill you in about the type of beef they prefer and why it is better then the rest. They are really enthusiastic about the place. It is certified Angus beef and a full 1/2lb, cooked to order on a flat grill, not a fire type grill. The beef is specially made for them by a company in Colorado. They are frozen but the owners said you still can taste the difference. They season the meat and toast the buns. The bun is a torta sized bun and is excellent! OK, so I am a huge burger fan, but I like a flame grilled burger, this one was good but not my style. I also can pick a frozen burger out of a line up, no matter how good the beef is. There is no substitute for fresh beef. I hope in time the grill will be better seasoned and give the burger a little more crispy burntness. I liked the fact they only had burgers, not like all the rest of the burger, dogs, chicken etc. places. If you are going to do one thing do it the best you can. I will be back and I will send people their way.
2	$9 Burger, Fries & Drink what jep... Like the other guy I can smell frozen patty miles away. Wish it was slightly cheaper but the atmosphere isn't bad. Not sure that I'd recommend this place even to my enemies!!!
3	I first saw Burger Studio about a month ago when I tried Scramble, which shares the parking lot in arenovated Sunnyslope shopping center.  After brunch, we strolled down and picked up some menu's and were intrigued enough to come back sometime.  We finally made it back.  We arrived around 5:30p and there was one other party there waiting for food to go.  We ordered quickly and sat down.  Shortly after sitting down, one of the employees brought us an order in a bag even though we were clearly eating in.  Somehow, the employee confused us with the people standing near the door ready to leave, but that's ok.I ordered 'The Box', which is their standard 1/2 burger with cheese, a side (fries/rings) and a drink.  I really like tater tots (so underrated...hard to mess up and generally consistently good wherever you have them) so I substituted tots instead of fries or rings.  They also serve sweet potato fries if that is your thing.  I was also thinking about getting a milkshake, but since they were $4.95 and I wasn't at Jack Rabbit Slim's, I decided to pass.  Our order came out quickly and was brought to table by the chef/cook.  The tots were plentiful and tasty.  The burger was good, nice bun, good size, but I did think the consistency of the meat seemed weird (maybe b/c of the frozen patty as other reviews have indicated), but the taste was still good.  What was weird about the burger is that the lettuce and tomato were underneath the burger.  Not sure if that was the reason, but the burger did seem to 'slide out' of the bun on occasion.  Another weird thing about Burger Studio is that while NCAA tournament games are going on, they were showing women's softball or soccer?  Seemed like a weird choice when a local team was playing at the time.  After I got the employee's attention, the channel was changed super quick like.  Overall, I liked the Burger Studio.  Good tots, good burger, but nothing overwhelming that puts it on my must-go-back list.  I might, I might not.  If the rankings supported half-stars, I would give Burger Studio a 3.5, but since it doesn't, I'm rounding down to 3.
4	The fry's are great, you have to try the homemade Ranch. The burger was better. As I hoped the grill was seasoned and it was better but not exactly my thing. The texture seems odd to me. They say it is made for them, maybe they should try ground chuck instead of sirloin????The place is still extremely clean and the service is excellent.
3	Burgers are huge. Too huge. Darn near Frisbee-sized. The taste of my basic cheeseburger was OK. Neither bad, nor great...just , well, basic. I will not order one again unless I am sharing with someone or have just run a marathon (and that ain't likely in this lifetime). It's the kind of burger that's fine if I'm passing by and hungry, but I would not seek it out. The sweet potato fries are something else. I had them with the pesto mayo dip - outstanding. My colleague and I demolished them as the burgers sat untouched until the fries were no more. I seldom rave about potato products (yes, the Regions fry review is an anomaly for me also) , but these were REALLY good - worthy of a special trip. The place is small, modern and basic. Three 2-person tables outside. The garbage container is awkward - difficult to maunuver the plates through the swing door to dump the unwanted bits without getting it all over ones self and/or the garbage container and floor (I did all three - hat trick!), and I now have a blood blister on my thumb where it pinched me.
3	I went with my 9 year old daughter to try it out and overall was pleased. There are some interesting selections on their menu without having too many choices. The service was good and the atmosphere was pleasant but very cozy and not good for a larger group. Our food was served quickly and hot. The burgers tend to want to fall apart mainly due to the large portions of ingredients, and in my book this isn't really a bad thing. If you want a burger that doesn't fall apart, go get a microwaved fast food burger.  I plan on eating here again as it does deserve another look. It is not perfect but a good alternative to fast food. My complaints though are that hours of operation are not posted, slight confusion as to what to do when you walk in the door and it can get pricey.
1	The husband and I came here after work because I was starving.  Upon walking in, I was really excited and I felt like this was going to be a 5 star place.  The decor was simple and clean, and it kind of reminded me of my house.  Then it became a 4 star place when our order came to 23 dollars.  A little pricey for me.  I ordered a bacon cheeseburger that touted applewood smokey bacon along with a side of tater tots.  Yum!Our food arrived, and well, I subtracted another star because it was sloppy looking and frankly, a tad unappetizing.  My tots were pretty dark but I happen to like mine overcooked so they are really crispy.  Other people may be very disappointed with this.  The burger was very large, but the patty was very commercial.  My bacon was the biggest disappointment.  It was translucent!  I expected nice thick cut bacon when ordering an expensive burger.  The taste was no better than appearance.  It was incredibly grease laden, so much so that it made the bun soggy.  Additionally, I am 99.4% sure that everything they used comes from Costco.  The patties were definitely the same ones that come in a big stack with sheets of paper between them.  The bacon was definitely the kind that comes in the big giant reseable Kirkland bag.  Yikes.  Not good.  We're down to two stars.After I didn't finish eating my burger, I felt pretty gross.  It took a few minutes to sink in, but I realized I just put an immense amount of grease into my tummy.  I am not one to shy away from greasy diner breakfasts and the like, but holy crap, this was a new level.  I didn't feel well.  An hour later, I am definitely sick  Now we are down to one star.  I have a wicked stomach ache as I write this review.  Ugh.  I want to vomit so I can just get this crap out and pretend it never happened.  What a disappointment.
1	You know the menu looks so good.  You really want to love this place and visit it daily because there is so much on the menu.  Then you get your food and realize that it is just not good.I had a mushroom swiss burger with a side of sweet potato fries w/pesto-mayo dipping sauce.  The bun was stale (clearly frozen) and got wicked soggy, the patty was from Costco, and the mushrooms were drenched in grease.  Ate about half of it before I gave up.  The fries really weren't bad but they were no where near as good as Fez or even Deluxe.  I hated the interior of this place - it made me uncomfortable to sit there and watch this "chef" peel off paper from frozen patties.  This space would make a great ANYTHING ELSE but the cheapskates who run it are clearly just running a bait and switch job with the menu.
2	Still not a fan... infact I feel like a fool with the 4 star reviews. I guess I was hoping for more and gave the benefit of the doubt.
4	Really enjoyed the handmade burger.  Onion rings were tasty and crispy.  They cooked my burger just the way I wanted it, medium rare.  Nice fluffy fresh  made bun too, which didn't compete with the burger.  I'll be back!
2	When we walked inside and saw the menu we had high expectations for this place. There are some very exotic sounding burger options, but I just went with a basic burger and fries. The burger was pretty good, but a little dry. I get the feeling the people at Burger Studio paid more attention to (unsuccessfully) making the inside look sleek and modern than they did making sure they use high quality ingredients in their food. Burger Studio is ok, but nothing special. They tried to make it a hip-modern burger place, but they failed.
1	Okay well I already reviewed this place ONCE but YELP refuses to remove this duplicate existence of Burger Studio so I'm going to show you the link to the original one - http://www.yelp.com/biz/burger-studio-phoenix#hrid:bU7kzvjzLcPEFxFqmzcrDQ/And then repost my review:You know the menu looks so good.  You really want to love this place and visit it daily because there is so much on the menu.  Then you get your food and realize that it is just not good.I had a mushroom swiss burger with a side of sweet potato fries w/pesto-mayo dipping sauce.  The bun was stale (clearly frozen) and got wicked soggy, the patty was from Costco, and the mushrooms were drenched in grease.  Ate about half of it before I gave up.  The fries really weren't bad but they were no where near as good as Fez or even Deluxe.  I hated the interior of this place - it made me uncomfortable to sit there and watch this "chef" peel off paper from frozen patties.  This space would make a great ANYTHING ELSE but the cheapskates who run it are clearly just running a bait and switch job with the menu.
1	We were not greeted when we walked in the door.  The lady running the counter gave us a surly look and went back to restocking the counter items.  Then, after she changed the small garbage bucket, while wringing garbage juice off her hand, she asked what we wanted.We just stopped in for a snack and I had wanted to try their food, so we ordered the sliders to share along with some sweet potato fries and a tea.  No thank you or smile or anything, we were obviously just in her way.Our sliders arrived with sweet potato fries that were obviously sitting out for the day.  Cold, lifeless and disgusting.  I went back inside and asked for a fresh batch and got dirty looks from everyone.  While waiting for the fresh fries, we ate the sliders, which were pretty good.  The burger, bun, onions and cheese were tasty, something I'd be happy having again.  But not with service like this and I also noticed that mid afternoon while the staff stood behind the grill eating (2 people observed eating while working, one was garbage juice hand girl), the main garbage remained overflowing with disgusting refuse spattered on the white garbage stand.  Ick.While the sliders were fine and the fresh fries were pretty decent, the service, attitude, people eating during their shift and lack of clean up were not something I'd like to plan my meal around.  I predict an upcoming health code violation.  No gold or silver stars in their future...
2	The hamburger was good. Just good. Not LGO or Delux. But better than a fast food joint or most Coco's. I didn't enjoy LONG wait and the rude service. I probably won't go back. It is a shame that there are not better places in the Moon Valley area.
2	I really wanted it to be good.  It was kinda good.  A little over cooked and bland, though.They did play great 80's music, though.I might go back and try the caprese burger, but probably not.
1	Okay, it wasn't THAT bad.  As others mention, Counter Girl was a little icy: didn't greet us when we walked in, didn't thank us after our order, didn't ask if we'd like fries w/ that. Burgers were okay, and came w/ a small, floppy pickle.  Of the 25 or so words illuminated on the somewhat tacky sign that serves as the cramped, modern/minimalist restaurant's only art, warm was the only that could be applied to the main course.  Not lip-smacking, or delicious.  Warm.Moderate outdoor seating area off to the side.  Wheelchair accessible w/ minimal finagling.  Pricing comparable to the Carl's Jr $6 burger.Definitely wouldn't recommend it to a friend, but it wasn't the worst place I've ever eaten.
2	Excellent bacon cheeseburger. Sweet potato fries equally good. Food took an extremely long time to be served after ordering.
2	We decided to try this place to ease yet another burger craving.  The menu looks really good when you walk in and I felt like a kid when I realized the lighted colored squares on the floor changed according to how you stand on them.  I am entertained way too easily.  We ordered our food and I went with their "The Box" which consists of a 1/2 # steer beef burger with lettuce, tomato and onion.  It comes with your choice of cheese, onion rings or fries, and an endless large drink.  I decided on cheddar and the onion rings.  My friend ordered the same thing.  Upon sitting down I had an unsettling thought.  They didn't ask how I wanted it cooked.  Oh well I thought, it's a burger place and with it being a half pound patty it should come out medium.The burgers arrived roughly around 10 minutes later and the first thing that struck me was how greasy the onion rings were.  They were glimmering with oil which is never appetizing.  The burger came on what appeared to be a brioche bun and had a decent burger to bun ratio.  There was a pickle on my plate that was thin, limp, and could have been the "other" pickle you see on Vlassic commercials.So how did it taste?  The onion rings had a good flavor but the amount of oil on them grossed me out and I left quite a few on the plate. The burger left a lot to be desired.  Remember that unsettling thought?  Yeah, they cooked the burger very well done.  It wasn't juicy and it's only good quality was the crispy outside that was created on the flat top.  Their burgers come with no sauce on them at all, for that privilege you can either buy one of their dipping sauces or you can use the condiments that they have for you to serve yourself.  The condiments you can use yourself are odd.  The ketchup bottle is massive.  The mayo is a smaller size though as is the mustard.  Perhaps this is part of the reason the burger seemed really dry.  I ended up having to put mayo, mustard, and ketchup on it to revive some resemblance of a juicy burger.  I never tried the pickle. All in all I really wanted to like the place but it didn't happen.  Even though it's only about 10 minutes away I most likely will not be back.
4	Gosh I'm really surprised this place got such lousy reviews!Well, I actually REALLY enjoyed it.We were out and about on friday night looking for a place to eat before buying our Christmas tree.I wanted a burger..really bad, and I didn't want fast food.We remembered seeing Burger Studio when we had breakfast at Scramble, and decided to stop in.I liked the decor-simple, modern and nice clear folding chairs! I liked the butcher block tables. Neat and clean.It was an hour before closing, so it was us, another couple and one other person eating.Basketball was on the tv's (not that I care about sporting events).The counter guy was really friendly-and so was the cook, who greeted us immediately when we walked in.Ketchup bottle was regular size and so was the mustard..so maybe that changed that from previous reviews.Buffalo burgers on the menu which made me think of being back home at a Jersey diner. My husband had the buffalo which he gave 2 thumbs up to. Juicy meat, and fantastic bun. The lettuce was fresh, and so were the tomatoes.I had a cheeseburger. Also, super deeeelish. I can't complain one ounce. My fries were PERFECTLY salted and not greasy at all.Two huge thumbs up..I'll be back!
1	I really wanted to like this place - close to home, simple menu of burgers and fries, nice look. I even gave it a second chance, but no more. The first time we went the service was tepid at best. The food was okay. The second time I went, the counter guy had his back turned to the counter and kept talking on the phone even though we were waiting to order. He was surly and went outside and spit. Eeewww. Again, the food was okay but the counter guy left such a bad impression I was kind of grossed out eating it.It's a shame because it looks like someone spent some bucks setting this place up. Too bad the owner seems to be MIA - I can't see this place staying around too much longer.
4	Unlike other people we were greeted promptly and given excellent service.  The counter staff asked us several times if everything was okay and met with out satisfaction.The burgers here are top notch and run about 7 bucks.  But they are HUGE!  Not in the mood for so much red meat...relax...they also offer turkey, chicken, and veggie burgers.  I am a fan of their turkey burger.  I've only had the fried zucchini as far as appetizers.  The fried zucchini was average and okay.  The burgers are the definite stand outs at  this joint.I think clearly they realized their service was not up to par and they have made corrections.  Their burgers are definitely worth the trip.
4	Well, I was surprised to see the not so great reviews here.  The first time a friend and I attempted to eat here we came up to the place as they were closing and they seemed really apologetic.  There were 2 people working and one of them told us the hours of operation and gave us a couple menus saying that next time we can call in our order ahead of time if we liked.Coming back a few days later we were helped by a seemingly pleasant man.  He took all our orders and went to throw the patties on the grill before helping the group of 4 behind us.  Personally I thought that was nice because I was hungry, however I could see the group behind us not liking it.I ordered "The Box" which was a cheeseburger with french fries and a large drink.  My two friends got the same thing with bacon as well.  When the food was served it was hot and displayed nicely.  To the other reviewer's comment about there not being any sauce other than the basic condiments or the paid sauces, I'll say that the bacon burgers come with a cup of chipotle ranch by default.  We all mistook it for fry sauce and as I didn't get one, I asked and even though they do charge for the side cups, the employee gave me one for free anyhow.My burger was perfectly cooked just on the verge of being red but had crossed over to pink, personally just the way I like it.  However, one friends was closer to grey and he said it seemed a bit dry.  Here's where I'll say that it might be a wise idea to just mention how you like it cooked when you order.  Overall it was a great burger, honestly better than my first experience with the new Five Guys that recently opened near here as well.  Also the fries were quite tasty and all a good cut, with not many litlte short or overly crispy ones.The bacon on my friends burgers look to be cooked perfectly as well in that it was just about crispy but still soft.  The chipotle ranch that they came with was good and complimented my regular cheeseburger as well as it did the fries.  Overall it was a good experience and a delicous burger that I ate.  I'll definitely go back and hope that I recieve the same service and quality food that I did before.Also the employee bid us farewell upon leaving.
4	What a great little place.  We happened in on a lark & were very hungry.  The menu is very suprising with lots of good options to check out.  The staff was extremely helpful.  The look is a bit more modern or industrial which seems to be all the trend.  The food for the price, very good & well worth it.  And we will be back.  Besides I love the open kitchen so you can see what's going on with your food.  And any place with an option for buffalo...well enough said.See you there soon.
4	Hopefully my review will balance out those early bad ones because Burger Studio deserves a higher rating than two stars. The food was very tasty - the bun was my favorite part - big, light, and fresh. I had a caprese burger with a turkey patty and a side of pesto-mayo. I ate every bite - it was extremely flavorful and delish.The staff were friendly, both the cook and the cashier checked on us during our meal and left us alone after that. The decor was cute - it's always entertaining to eat somewhere that feels "trendy". The funniest part of the meal was when I turned around in my chair and saw the stainless steel "wet....exciting" sign describing the burgers behind me. I almost choked on a tator tot - ha!One complaint: THEY USE STYROFOAM CUPS. How unnecessary and wasteful. I was horrified and gave the cashier some crap about that. I would have given five stars to drive up the average on this place...but those cups make my heart hurt and I just can't bring myself to do it. We'll be back.
5	I was VERY reluctant to try this neighborhood place because of the past reviews but I finally gave into my young, picky son who has been bugging me for weeks to check it out.Wow - this was one of the best, tastiest burgers I've had since I can remember!!!  My caprese burger was fantastic and my son was thrilled with his bacon cheeseburger.  The buns are toasted just perfectly and the toppings were fresh and generous.  The staff was very friendly and the cook checked on us to see how our meal was.I'm very excited to have such a great, inexpensive burger place right down the street.  We'll be back often - I'm on my way out the door to take my husband there for lunch right now!
3	Had lunch at the Burger Studio yesterday. I always get nervous when there are not too many people in the restaurant at lunch or dinner. Usually a sign of some sorts. Ordered the Studio Burger and I thought onion rings (felt like I was down a quart of oil). What seemed like a long time to receive my food, I was unhappy to see fries instead of onion rings. Oh well. The hamburger extended over the bun which is always a good sign for a custom product. I was impressed with the bun as well, not a flat, stumpy bun but a high top with a nice sheen. It was delicious and the fries were good as well. Owner stopped in we greeted at which point I told him about the fries/onion rings and he immediatly comped me an order. They came out and looked very oily. Distictive beer batter flavor. Not that good....stick with the fries which are great. Overall....great tasting burger and fries and compared to the other guys (Zin, The Grind, Smash Burger) I put it right up there and a lot less expensive.
3	Stopped in for a burger the other day. The location is great, and parking is easy.  I expected to get a quick lunch.  It wasn't.  I had to wait a long time for my food.  I wouldn't have minded, but I was the only customer.  When I finally got my lunch, it was quite tasty.  The meat was very well prepared, the roll and the garnishes were fresh.  I had a mushroom burger with swiss cheese.  I really enjoyed the food...    It's too bad.... the quality and preparation were good, but it took so long that I probably won't come back unless I call in a carryout order.
3	Good food.  My burger was a hair past medium when I ordered medium rare, but still tasty.  I ordered the mushroom swiss, which was a little light on mushrooms.  My girlfriend had a bacon cheeseburger which she was very pleased with.  Massive sides of delicious tots and fries.  Overall I'd come here again, but probably only get 1 potato side for me and the gf to share.  And as others have mentioned, the hostess was a bit of a coot.
4	Wow I really didn't expect much when I saw this place from the outside. But when I walked in and saw a whole menu devoted to burgers I was impressed ( ok they have a couple salads too) I ordered the sliders and wedge cut fries. For the money they were the best lil burgers Ive had in quite some time. I recommend this place for any real burger fan!
4	4.5 star burgers, 4 star facilities/location (they are really trying to improve the northern sunnyslope area, and Burger Studio's presence can only help), 4 star service, 4 star decor (hipster diner), 4 star "sides" like fries and rings.  Park is a breeze, and the menu is simple and stares you down in a super-sized way as soon as you walk in the door.  I love that.  The current 2.5 yelp rating is deceptive.  Remember, this is one of only NINE restaurants in all of Phoenix that has earned the coveted 5-star rating from the Arizona Republic.  I actually value the Republic's ratings since they will brush aside pretentious ratings focusing on the restaurant's pedigree or Q-factor, and simply hone in and focus on the food.  I personally wouldn't go as high as five-star (these are, after all, only burgers), but the burger quality is on par with the Chuckbox, and two full steps above places like the highly overrated Delux, or the chains like Red Robin or Fatburger.I have noticed that they can miss the mark sometimes on the doneness rating of your burger - you may get med. rare to med. well if you order a medium, but the beef is generally good enough to satisfy even if the cook wanders a bit from your preferred cooking level.  The fried sides are satisfying, but not delectable.In short, come for an excellent specialty burger, keep your expectations calibrated, and you should come away well satisfied.
4	Went there for lunch with some coworkers. Surprised that there was no one there as it was 12:10pm, prime lunch time. Ordered the bacon cheese burger with sweet potatoe fries with a drink for about 11 bucks. The burger was great! The bun was delicious and everything complemented each other. The sweet potatoe fries were equally good, nice and hot. Only complaint would be the price as 11 bucks for burger fries and drink is a bit excessive in my book.
5	Hands down one of the best Hambergers I've ever had. Charred on the outside,juicy on the inside. The meat was fresh and flavorful, and the French roll held up and didn't get soggy. Can't wait to come back through Phx to get another.
1	Burger seemed like Costco food. The burger was dry and not appealing to eat, we thought it was going to be a cool little joint like scrambles next door but it was disappointing with the poor seating area, and EXTREMELY loud tv. The produce was old and I didn't like that the cashier made my food. I hated the cheap pre measured fries... If I'm paying that much for a burger I should get more fries than a hand full.
2	This place was actually in it's last days when we came in to try a turkey burger, they are actually just becoming part of Our Gang Cafe. It really is just a small buger joint. Not memberable, not bad, just meh. I actually asked for a salad with my burger. I guess that must have been a first cuz the guy asked if I just want some lettuce and tomato chopped up on the side, that made me smile! Served on paper plates and not a fork to be seen.  I might have gone back just because I like supporting small businesses and they was nothing too offensive about the food. RIP, Burger Studio good effort sorry you are going.
2	Not acceptable for a place that specializes in burgers to fry them.  I don't think they use the best beef either.  However, their turkey burger is really good.  Only burger I will eat there.
1	Was looking forward to a place that specializes in burgers, this is my it. There was less than 20 people there and it took 45 minutes to get fried burgers. They asked us how we wanted our burger. We ordered medium, they all came out over cooked, dry and not even warm. The waitress wasnt very helpful. I'm pretty open to place, but I doubt I will give this one another try. The manager was nice and apologetic.  This is also "ourgang saloon and grill", they don't own a grill.
5	A group of friends met here after a great hike at North Mtn....we were starving!  We all ordered different burgers and when they came out we indulged....all quiet....eating...we all agreed....delicious! Reminded me of my roots in Wisconsin at a local Mom and Pop bar....great burgers...neighborhood feel...comfort food at its best...but sitting on the patio had great mountain views....
