3	We take our car (aka "Subs" the Subaru) to the Octopus at least once a month, sometimes more in the winter, for a good scrub and cleaning inside and out. The staff is friendly and extremely efficient. Go for the Diamond Package ($19.99) and make sure to ask for the junk in the trunk to get vacuumed, too. With the Diamond, Octopus provides a three-day guarantee, which means if you come back within three days with your receipt, you can get the same wash for $2.99. What a deal!
5	They do a fantastic job here- fast, efficient and inexpensive. My car is always sparkling. They sell booklets of basic washes plus some extra (rain-x, under flush, matt cleaning, etc) that my dad always gets my brother, me, and our significant others for Christmas- it's really useful for getting the salt off in the winter
5	After a night of one too many boots of Optimator at Essen Haus and my companion's inability to hold down his alcohol, our little rental car was in dire need of cleaning. (Take it from me, you don't want to see Swiss Fondue a second time). The guys here were amazing. I kept expecting "that smell" to lurk in the car afterwards, but nope! It was like a brand new vehicle! I recommend this place for all your party foul friends that think your backseat is a trashcan.
5	They continue to impress me! I finally remembered to ask them at the end of the wash to take a sticker off my window that I had partially stuck there for 2+ years. They had me pull forward and used a little scraper and some cleaner and it came right off!The only annoying thing is the guy who 'takes your order' always tries to up-sell. I'm pretty sure he works on commission though and usually doesn't push it when I tell him, "No, no thank you- no underflush this time. I know you really think I need it and maybe I'll get it next time"
4	For the meager of sum of $9.48 you can get your car washed, vacuumed and dried.  I have to say I've been to all 3 Octo washes, and all do a great job.  I was hooked by the Univ. Ave location when I was in college.  I recognize the same line manager to this day, and it's been 10 years since I was handed my diploma. Both he and I have aged some, but the service is still awesome.  He still recognizes me and makes an effort to greet me when I stop in.   It says a lot for a company that keeps staff a long time.  Especially in an industry that would usually see high turnover.Octopus does an awesome job for the money. You can get a crappy gas-station wash for $7, or pony up $3 at Octopus and get a car that looks great.I agree that the sales staff is a bit pushy, and the fella at the Park Street store has been down right rude when I decline extra services.  One time he took my ticket and tossed it at me when I said "no thanks" to the Diamond package.  We all can have a bad day.Keep it Clean.
2	Not at all worth it. Front of the car was not clean at all. Paid an extra $5 to have the wheels cleaned and the brake dust still remained on the rims. Will not be going back
5	Quick, friendly, and thorough. I was in and out in less than 15 minutes and baby Wyatt looked (almost) brand spankin' new again. :P They really do stand by their promise of having your car out of there in under 14 minutes! $20 for the most inclusive package is not a bad deal at all - especially if you think you'll be back within 3-5 days for another wash because you get a HUGE discount ($2.99/wash if you bring your car back in 3 days or less). I figure I'll pay for the whole $20 shebang a few times a year, and use the basic package in between these washes just to maintain the shine. Seriously, you cannot beat these prices!Remember to leave a few extra bucks as tip, they deserve it. (:
4	They get the job done quickly and pay attention to detail. The diamond wash is actually a fair price for the quality...$20.00 seems high, but when you assess what you get for the price you see that they actually follow through with care. That''s more than I can say for most car washes I've been to. Octopus promises and delivers. Recommended -- good quality serivce and excellent attention to detail.
1	Really terrible service from my mini-detail today. For $53 I got spots on the exterior, a splotch of Armour All on my leather seats that I don't think is going to come out, a pile or grit still around my gas pedal (that also was not cleaned)...all this even after I complained and pointed this out to them.  All they did was ran it through the wash again - only after a bit of back and forth - the manager was actually reluctant to even do that.  No offer to help me out on the cost despite the splotch on my seats,  They actually wanted more money to clean the stuff on the floor.  I certainly will never go back.
2	I've bought 2 $20 Diamond washes from Octopus and here's my verdict:+Relatively quick...+Friendly staff inside-They will annoy you with a sales pitch-They only spent 5 minutes on my car and it shows. Spots, cheap wax, and the interior was barely touched, save for a "fragrance" boasting the subtlety of a cherry shoved into my brain. I'm buying my own cleaning materials, befriending someone with a hose and cleaning my car myself from now on. I paid $8 for a wash in Atlanta at Cactus Car Wash with better results.
4	It was a pretty good and quick job for a ten dollar bill!We'll be back, that's for sure.
3	A reliable full-service car wash option, but hold the fragranceWhen the ol' family truckster needs a little spiffing up, Octopus Car Wash is generally the destination for a little automotive TLC.  While they don't blow me away with the quality or value of their services, they are a step above other full service car washes in the area.  I also appreciate the fact I get a consistent wash from visit to visit. And if you go when things are not crazy busy, they do spend a little extra time on you vehicle.Things I like: * They provide a thorough cleaning, inside and out.  Unlike visits to gas station car washes, I rarely find unwashed spots on my vehicle after a visit to gas station car wash.  * To me, the interior cleaning is worth the extra $3 over what  you would pay at the local gas station car wash.  Even after an extended road trip with the kiddo, the interior of the vehicle looks pretty good.Things I don't: * Enough with the freakin' upsell sales pitch.  It never works and turns people off.  Don't waste our time. * The fragrance choices are just gawd awful.  [WARNING: rant to commence in 3...2...1]  I'd rather smell a sack of rotting potatoes in the trunk (and trust me, that's bad) than torture my nostrils with the synthetic crap fragrances you guys use.  There has to be something better out there than this toxic smelling garbage [OK, rant over]
4	Not bad at all.   I had an all around good experience.   The service was frinedly, not to much pressure to change what I wanted.   They cleaned the car well in and out.   I will be back....now that I live in Madison, at least every couple of weeks!   They also gave me a coupon for two dollars off my next wash.
4	I recently purchased a used car that was a great deal, but super filthy and reeked of cigarette smoke so  I decided to have the interior detailed and steam cleaned. At first I thought the price was ridiculous, but they spent nearly three hours on my car and the results were fantastic.  I didn't think it was possible for them to get rid of the smell in one cleaning, but the interior looks and smells new. The staff was also friendly and the place was clean. I have had issues with other octopus locations before, but this one seems like a good spot.
1	no appt possible for detailing on weekends!!!!!   this is how this business's advertising should read.  always call ahead on weekends for detailing!!!!!!!
1	I brought my car & was conned into getting the "express detail" for 29.99(on sale from 39.99)..they didn't explain that didn't include the wSh so when I went to pay it was $53...ok fine....sign says it takes 15 minutes... 45 minutes later I knew something was up & went to see... Upon seeing me coming they told me it was finished... I noticed a film on front 1/4panel & door....I asked them to wipe down but it wouldn't come off.. Manager comes out says it must have been on there when I brought it in...I told him the car is a month old & the film  wasn't there when I came in...  Then a detailer comes over & tries some wax on it & it seemed to do the trick but they told me I would have to pay extra AND make an appointment for the wax job as they didn't cause the film... Bottom line is the manager is a meathead & this place blows.Update.... Now I notice there are 20-30 nats or maybe fleas on the inside of windshield... This place is terrible...
1	Managers name is Damion Diitsch... The meatiest of meatheads.. There are fleas in my car from the guys doing the interior too...morons.......they took 45 minutes to perform the"express detail " they say will take 5 minutes. On top of that they do an overall CRAP job and do nothing to resolve the issue hen brought to their attention. MY PREVIOUS REVIEW WAS LENGTHY & SPECIFIC BUT IT WS TAKEN DOWN BY YELP. COULD THE RUMORS BE TRUE THAT THEY PROTECT CERTAIN CLIENTELE FROM BAD REVIEWS? Say it ain't so.
3	A-OK is right. Unfortunately there isn't much competition around, so Octopus doesn't necessarily have a huge incentive to keep prices down and quality up, but, when I need the car to look good quickly and am willing to spend $20 to do it, these guys to a generally pretty good job. Nothing amazing, but the car looks all spiffed up for a few days which is nice. Service is friendly as well.
4	I used to go to Mermaid and thought they were ok, but then I came here. The washes are definitely way better. They do a much better job at cleaning the interior. I've never gotten anything over the $30 range, so I'm not really sure how the detailing is. The waiting area is really nice and comfortable. They're usually pretty fast, but can get really clogged up during busy hours. I still end up touching up after they're done, but I usually don't have to do much.
1	Stopped by for the Deluxe Wash Package, which should include basics like vacuuming floors and mats, and wiping down interior surfaces. After the wash, I was disappointed to find the same dirt and debris between and on the seats, floor mats haphazardly placed back in the car (mine attach with velcro, so it's quite easy to get right if you spend two seconds on it), and smudges on the dash where there had been none before. Overall it was a terrible car wash. When I politely told the manager, my concerns were met with excuses and no apology was given. "Next time, if you want the seats wiped down, you need to get the Diamond Package or make an appointment in our detail center."He agreed to have an employee re-do the interior. The second time they got it right but I still wouldn't recommend this place.
4	Okay, maybe I need to "get out more," but after we went through this car wash, I turned to my Chief of Staff and exclaimed, "LET'S DO THAT AGAIN!"  There's a long line to get in (only downer), and it's kind of pricey (might be a downer after the 20th time through), but the service is better than I get at most restaurants, and the place is cleaner and better lit than the college where I work.  It came to the price of a trip to the movies, but I know I enjoyed the car wash more than too many movies I've been to lately. I bought a greeting card from their large selection (they have a nice selection of stuff to buy during your short wait) and still got to see some of the cleaning process through the big windows.  The waiting room is comfortable, the washrooms immaculate, oh, and they get the car pretty clean too.  Add the 1950s U.S. Highway relic Octopus on top of the car wash and you don't just have a car wash, you've got a car wash experience.
