3	It's a strip mall near a bunch of hotels off the beltline.  They have a few cool stores like Ann Taylor Loft, Michaels, and a huge scrapbook store.  Other than that, its nothing special and you're probably better off going to another mall in the area for a more extensive selection.
4	I differ on the previous review on Greenway Station. I wouldn't take the time to go to a traditional mall. First you have to park and then find the store you want to go to. This has wasted 45 minutes of my life. I guess if I had time to loiter and wander about I would share your view. Malls are dieing across the country and life style centers are the future. In and out quickly.
4	I find the Greenway Station Shopping Center to be a nice retreat from the Towne Malls where I often feel claustrophobic breathing in recycled air, dodging oncoming traffic, and avoiding all the kiosk vendors...blech! Conversely, Greenway is never over-crowded, parking is easy to find, and during the spring/summer seasons you can get your daily dose of vitamin D while you shop.The selection of shops is much smaller, yes, but the Center also houses the higher-end, but still commercial, boutiques that you can't find elsewhere in Madison (e.g. White House Black Market - one of my favorite boutique shops from back home). Solo shopping at Greenway is definitely one of my favorite ways to spend a sunny Sunday afternoon. :)
3	This mall was adjacent to the hotel where I was staying. It seemed to have some nice stores (Loft), and the general mall stuff. I was excited that it had a World Market (my favorite store of all time), and it was Wednesday, Double Coffee Points Day! However, nothing else stood out to me, and I wasn't impressed with the restaurant selection. In fact, that is a theme for Madison in general. I had to drive a bit away to get something other than a sandwich for lunch.
4	I have mixed emotions.  I love coming here because it has locations of store that I can not find in other malls in the Madison area.  However, the parking lot situation drives me crazy.  I am not sure what they were trying to do but it is annoying.  Some days I find it impractical to walk the entire length of the area.  However, parking is just as frustrating.  Between the winding roads and entrances of restaurants, I feel like it is only a matter of time before I accidentally hit a patron.  Admittedly, this is not just a problem for their venue.  So please take that with a grain of salt.  Otherwise, I appreciate their wide range of stores from little box (like Michael's) to the Loft.  I also enjoy that the Irish pub and Cheeseburger in Paradise are set a little ways away.  This allows them to be open air restaurants without dealing with the mall congestion.
1	Greenway station is a total joke.  It seems like the management can't keep businesses to stay more than six months.  They don't have really any good stores that make me stop and shop.  There really is no big draw.  The resturants are worthless.  No men's stores what so ever.  On top of all this the location is horrible.  Make this a dead mall and it will be more exciting.
4	This is a cute outdoor shopping center, I had some time to kill so I went to Marshalls, Loft, the chocolate store and a few other of the small stores before getting dinner at Johnny's. Not bad! I didn't hit up on section because I couldn't find it :P  I also took the trolley home.
