4	Very nice people! Resonable rates
1	Worst pedi I've ever gotten. Got me in after a 15 minute wait, didn't take their time. cut a toe nail too short and wound up with an infection. No customer service skills. There was one other person getting a pedi at the same time and no employees talked to the customers until it was time to collect. Not a happy campy after limping around on my vacation for a week after getting my pedicure here. I guess you get what you pay for.
3	I see this place has mixed reviews, and I can understand what the complaints are. But I've never really had a issue. I've been coming here for years. Reasonable rates. Never have to wait long. Not the best mani/pedi I've ever received, but it's perfect for regular up keep.
1	If I could give this place zero stars I would. I walked in hoping to get a manicure and they looked at me like I was going to rob them. These people need to learn about customer service.  Come here if you would like that get an attitude with your mani pedi.
1	Spend your money else where!!!! This place shouldn't even get one star!!! I came in there on a Monday night about an hour before they closed wanting a polish change and some chick who looks like a witch, looked at me crazy and said "no we're bout to close" with a nasty attitude. Don't even bother going here unless you don't mind feeling uncomfortable.
1	Ive gone here a few times and customer service is always a bit on the rude side but today topped the cake! I walked in today to get a pedicure and the lady said "Can I help you?" I said "I would like a pedicure please." She didnt even look up at me and said "We are busy right now, come back later." I had to ask her, when she would like for me to come back. She said in a couple of hours! Worst customer service ever!
4	For the most part, this salon is clean and neat. The staff is really nice. I come to this location specifically for Gloria. I LOVE HER!! She is the best and always stays on top with new products and trends. She is only there on Monday and Tuesday because she works full time at a Casino/Hotel spa close by. I'll continue to come to this place as long as she's there.
1	I am never coming back here. This woman named Demi was so rude to me and would not listen to what I was asking her to do. She copped an attitude with me and said they could not do what I asked her to do. Then, one of the men started to work on my toes and was very nice, and started to do what I asked demi to do originally. Then, she told me I was wrong when I said one of the other techs had done exactly what I was asking 2 months ago. Oh, and when she was trimming my nails she pinched my toe so hard that I almost teared up. When I flinched she did not even apologize. Although I have had good experiences before previously at this salon ad they've always done a good job, I will never go back because of her. Im not usually one to yelp about something, but this place pissed me off so much that I had to.
5	My hubby and I just moved back to Vegas from Denver. I didn't realize how much I missed the pedicures here. In Denver they barely remove dead skin but here they got the past year and a half's worth of it off. They used the cuticle trimmers and razor (is that legal? I don't care, I love it!) and really took the time to do a great job. The massage was great and felt really long. They chatted with me a little but not too much. I was able to catch up on the Ellen show and news. I wish they had wifi so I could get some work done but that is my only complaint. I'll definitely be back soon!
5	There are very few places I trust with my nails and Palms Nails is #1! I have been following Demi the owner of the salon for 12 years and I would recommend it to everyone! The only salon I know with great prices, great people, ambiance and the experience is always a pleasure. Their pedicures are amazing with their updated renovations. The put in the effort to make sure you feel comfortable and get exactly what you pay for. You like gels? They have every color imaginable. Reasonable prices. And have a ton of regular customers. I wouldn't recommend this place if I didn't truly mean it!
1	I should have listened to the reviews on here, but thinking they might have cleaned up a bit after receiving so many negatives, I thought I'll give it a shot! Big mistake.Trust me, I lived in 5 countries this far and have been to many many nail places this far. I have NEVER come across something like this.The acrylic nails looked absolutely horrifying, even though it was just a fill! The shape was terrible. The place I went to fix them after had to file down on them another 40 minutes to make them look nice again!On top of it they were extremely rude.I tried to explain to the nail artist how I would like to have them shaped (like I always do without problems), and he simply said no, he can't do that! Incredible, considering I've had them done that way at countless places before.At that point I told him to please stop, since I will have to fix them elsewhere anyways and he just kept on working away, after repeated requests to please stop.He did not apply a nail color, and despite not being finished and it looking really bad, they asked me to pay the full price for the set. I was absolutely ready to pay part of it, but why should I pay full price for an undone job, being unsatisfied and an incredibly rude staff?They insisted and almost called the police.I just paid with my card and charged back the whole amount!Please don't ever be afraid to charge back for services that are completed this badly or people that treat you wrong.I've been to places before, where the nails did not turn out AS good as usually, but I know the technician tried their best and was very sweet and helpful about it. I know they tried, they were just not at that level of expertise or had a different idea of looks etc. I never complained in that case, but just paid and went to a different place next time.But this place was nothing like that! Just plain terrible and disrespectful.Hope this review helps the next person not to commit my mistake!
5	I would consider myself a regular at this nail place. Demi, Mai and Kim all take care of me, my brother and his girlfriend. They make me feel so at home and so relaxed every time I'm there to get my nails done. They know what I want done every time I'm there. I just love this place. The price is not so bad considering they do such a good job for me. It is the ultimate pampering place and escape for me. All three ladies have seen me quite a few times coming from a bad day at work and I never fail to leave the salon feeling tons better. See you again soon, ladies!
3	Honestly the pedicure ruined my entire experience.. It was painful and he did not sick off my gel polish, he used the drill and the cuticle cutters.. While peeling off the Polish he broke my toenail then acted like he didn't do it...  Afterwards I got a fill and I was already mad and really crabby so I guess I was kindof nitpicking.. Now today I love my nails, she did a really good job... If you don't go here just have one of the ladies take care of you because the guy honestly didn't care whether he gave a good pedicure or not.
2	Happened to need a fill and was in the neighborhood.  Unfriendly and unprofessional are sort of expected at places like this. I mean it's a fast food type nail sweat shop. Let's get real and honest. You get what you pay for. I don't expect a pampering experience or an upscale spa experience at these places. If I wanted more than basic upkeep and a fill then I would pay more at nice spas. I don't expect to pay bottom dollar prices and get the royalty experience.  My issue is that I at least want a clean polish without flaws and injuries.  I was cut with a file and and the Polish was poorly applied. My nails were missing polish on the sides. When I require healing time on top of getting bad results I take away two stars.
5	I'm in love with this place! The ladies here are perfect. I come in and tell them what I like and they do it perfectly every time. Their pricing is more than reasonable. And as far as some of the comments "you get what you pay for", no. I paid $20 for a full set and they were the best nails I've ever had.  Their customer service is always consistence from the very first time I came. I'm so happy I was finally able to find a nail salon that understood my needs.
