4	I really like AJ's.  From the beautiful produce, to the sushi guy making fresh sushi surrounded by import beers and stinky cheese this is what grocery shopping for the lazy foodie is all about. Sure, you could find all of these items by visiting several specialty stores, but AJ's makes it too easy to find all of the things you need to spoil yourself under one roof.If you go around dinner time hoping to get some of their great prepared foods, you will have to be patient as the line is usually 10-15 people deep, but does move pretty quickly with the 'take-a-number' system.  They also have a salad and soup bar but that can also become pretty picked over during the dinner rush.They have a large wine and beer selection, but it is more expensive than what you could get elsewhere.   Again, it is convenient if you are putting together a meal and don't want to be running all over the place.  They have helpful folks in the wine department as well.This place ranks a star just for the fact that it has covered parking, which in AZ in the summer is truly something to covet.
5	So you hate grocery shopping?  Especially when you decide at the last minute to have 6 or 30 friends over.  Well, here's the place that will change all that.  A great little store.  You can find anything you are looking for in this store and a few things you didn't even know existed. Their deli, sushi, and wine choices will make any event you plan (or didn't plan!) rock your world . . . and the best part is you don't have to do a darn thing.  Just head to AJ's and you can make a party in 15 minutes!  Service is something else.  I should be taking away one star for the parking at the Lincoln Avenue store - - you may have to circle the lot a couple of times to get a spot.  But everything else is sooooo over the top!
4	Stopped by here to grab some hotel room food supplies to avoid paying $6.50 for a bottle of water. I found the covered parking spots to be a cute touch that I'm sure the moneyed set (saw a few Bentleys in the parking lot) appreciates. Inside, the store has a small footprint and dim lighting (which I thought was much better than the standard bright supermarket lights), and had a nice selection of gourmet food. Coming from San Francisco, I can appreciate a grocery store with a good wine section, and AJ's certainly delivered. They even have a little wine tasting area. If you're traveling to Phoenix and staying in the Scottsdale area, definitely worth checking out for some snacks and the novelty factor (especially if the company is paying for it... can be a bit $$).
4	I was at the Renaissance Scottsdale for a week on business and AJ's, located right around the corner, was my source of most of my meals.  Great coffee station in the morning, pretty good salad bar and sushi bar for lunch, nice prepared foods for dinner. Huge beer selection, which I didn't have the opportunity to partake of.
5	This is likely the finest grocery store in the valley. The selection is limited, but only because they have limited their inventory to the finest products made.I love their half-prepared meals in the deli section. The wine is unbelievable, I have to ask for help whenever I venture down this isle (they have a wine guy waiting to help you make a selection).Love the full service gas station next door too.
4	"Who's that sleeping near the apples?"Yes, someone may eventually ask, for I'm moving into the produce section. Talk about gorgeous with the most beautiful apples I've ever seen. I picked one up and just stared at it, transfixed. It was like poetry. But, don't forget the lush green veggies and herbs. And the vibrant berries. Yep, I'm living here. Right in the produce section. It's like nothing I've ever seen before. I also want to give the card aisle one big, happy hug. I found the PERFECT birthday card for my lil sis here. Talk about awesome. I could not have asked for a better card. I know, I know. It's just a card... but it's not. It's for my lil sis. And it's her birthday. So, finding that card was like falling in love for the first time. (Hallmark can kiss my... Ahem. AJ's offers, surprise, higher quality cards that cost a bit more. Totally worth it.)They also have whole wheat lavosh crackers here. Not the nasty-for-you enriched stuff either. REAL whole wheat crackers. Oh, and while we're talkin' carbs, visit the bread section. Sniff the cranberry spice loaf. Yes, SNIFF IT! It's magical. And then buy a loaf. Seriously. Try the pumpernickel or whole wheat. It's the best store-bought bread ever, hands down. Oh, and beer. Can you tell I can ramble on about this store endlessly? I love the beer aisle, too. I love that I can buy a 6-pack or select individual bottles. Love it! I stood in front of the section just admiring the delicious-looking brew. I'm sure people passing by thought, "She must be a recovering alcoholic." I walked away empty-handed. Why? Well, I didn't stop in for the beer. I stopped in for the bread. (And did I tell you I found the most perfect birthday card too? Talk about kismet!) AJ's, I love you. I even love your ultra-modern shaded parking. I felt spoiled. So did my '98 Pontiac, which felt like it had finally - for once - snuck into an R-rated movie. AJ's, I'd give you 5-stars and deem you perfection on earth, but - and this is huge - you cost too much. You're like a Scottsdale Bunny livin' it up for the money, honey. I ain't down with that.
1	Now i recall why I haven't been here in so long: WAY over inflated prices!  I got lured in with discount  cut-outs in mags, coupons, mailers - all in 1 mth, so I thought, hey, why not take advanage of some money saving opportunity?  Laura's (amazing) goat cheese was DOUBLE what you can purchase in Fresh & Easy (exaxct same amount & packaging $6 vs $3 - about a glof ball sz amount).  Did i mention all the moldy pitas in the bread section? (Ewww!).  Oh, bought wine, um the $60 kind - it was OFF!  (when the cork almost falls out of the bottle, dry, clean, there is your 1st clue).  The wine & liqours where so over-inflated it was unbelievable: ie: grey goose for $35 (always around $10 less at places like safeway & albertson's).  The high end wines (duck horn, ect.) 25% or more less at Phoenix Wine. Also,  I saw about only 5% of their wine that were actually on sale.At check out, our discount was incorrect - we only saw in the car.  Went back in for adjustment, realized still incorrect. After 3 tries, they finally gave us the correct discount amount off $200 purchase.Will I be back?  Even with several major discount coupons I could still use, no way do I have any desire to return to this uppity over-priced estabishment.
5	THE best grocery store on the planet!You get the freshest veggies and top o the line meats from the butcher.Everyone is beyond helpful and makes going there very enjoyable.Skip the pizza they make and head to their salad bar! Great stuff!!Also, the bread that they make and sell is the best. Only three ingredients, so its void of all that crap that you don't want (or shouldn't) in your body. But a couple loafs and throw the extra in the freezer. AJ's is more expensive than Safeway, but if you are looking for better meats and veggies, head there. You can get better prices for wine and beer at Safeway, however AJ's has a wine expert there all the time to help guide you towards something that you haven't tried but likely will enjoy. Actually the guy there pushed me towards a bottle of Malbec on sale for around $10 that I loved! Wasn't trying to upsell me to a $40 bottle.
4	I go to this AJ's on occasion for a coffee and a muffin, and sometimes I'll do a little grocery shopping too.  But one thing I don't miss at this AJ's location and the others is the cookies.I just cannot resist taking a perfectly baked oatmeal raisin cookie from the self-serve case and munching on every last scrumptious morsel as I do my grocery shopping.  I try to remember to pay for it when I cash out, but I can't promise I do it every time.  Please, don't report me to the cookie police!AJ's carries beautiful fresh produce, flowers, meat, seafood, and gourmet items too. Yes - the prices at AJ's can be pretty high, but treat yourself every now and then like I do... and don't miss those oatmeal raisin cookies when you go!
4	Now this is my kind of grocery store. AJ's gets a visit from me each and every time I am in town. Whether it's to stop into the bakery to pick up some fresh bread, and then on to the meat counter for some sandwich fillings for an impromptu picnic. Or to grab some of the freshest fruit (where do they get the beautiful produce out here? I have apple envy) to snack on. Or even to grab a bottle of wine or some flowers to take as a hostess gift- this store has it all! While I laughed the first time I came here and saw the little awnings that cover the parking lot- I was grateful that they were there on one visit when it was 110 degrees and my feet were melting on the parking lot. Great service, too, No less than three people welcomed me to the store on my recent visit and one worker was unpacking some kind of fruit I was unfamiliar with and when I asked- went through an entire description of what I might be able to use it for. Not the cheapest place to buy groceries, but in my opinion, worth every penny. Now my only wish would be to have an AJ's closer to where I live.
4	All Ajs are the same, you pretty much know what you are getting into when you walk in. I have to tell you about this one specifically though. I get lunch here all the time in between shifts from work. AJs is close and they always get my in and out with a quickness. Their sandwich's are supper yummy, the chunky chicken salad or tuna are great choices. They also have a great salad bar. Anything you could want; roman, mixed greens, ice berg, radishes, three different cheeses, black beans, corn, salami, egg, carrots, cucumber, olives, tomato, croutons, and three or four different dressings. They charge you by wight, so depending on your appetite it's pretty affordable. I have never tried their sushi, but they looks great, fresh and a really great variety. Again, the iced tea is awesome. Due to the kick butt work out and diet I have been committed to lately I haven't been able to frequent the pastry and sweets counter. But you only have to take one look to know it all looks amazing. Tastes amazing too. My favorites are the lemon bars and Napoleons and fruit tarts. Grab some treats from here to take to your next dinner party, you will make their night!
3	I find myself here too often.  Sure its pretty nice inside, the workers are all pleasant and most of the parking spaces are covered (a HUGE plus and other markets should take the hint).  I just feel that most of their prices are a bit high and their selection lacks in some areas.I don't do a whole lot of real shopping here but I do stop in from time to time to get some food from their deli thing.  It is just eh' and takes forever especially around lunch time.  I've tried just about every sandwich they have and find them all just ok and a bit over priced.  I just tried the grilled portobello sandwich this weekend and it was no bueno.I think Whole Foods is far superior and wish this place would turn into one.
5	This supermarket is always one of our first stops when we visit from Baltimore. The prices are sometimes a little high, but he quality is consistently excellent. We love the sandwhiches, in which they use boars head meats. My wife gets a cappucino here daily, and their selection of coffee beans is pretty extensive. Great fresh produce and a very pleasant staff round out the experience.
5	It's important to support local business, but that's not why I'm writing this.  I'm writing this because the creamsicle 1/4 sheet cake from AJ's had my mom, my grandma and the people at their combined-birthday singing my praises and acting generally wowed about it.  They were fawning over it, taking pictures and tearing up to tell me what an amazing daughter I really am.  They loved the mandarin oranges, the birthday message frosted and curled on ribbon, and the painstakingly perfect peach roses that had my grandma insisting "cut around them!" Thank you AJ's for the reasonable price, the cake and all the glory that came with it.
2	This will be short and sweet...which i usually don't do. AJ's fine foods...has fine food and great presentation...but the prices are absolutely not worth it for the exact same products at other stores. I guess there is only one kind of customer that would shop here...and that is a foolish one...again especially for the same exact products. Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends...just don't do it at AJ's fine foods.
5	Oh, AJ's how I love thee. Whenever I'm visiting Scottsdale, I make sure to stop at AJ's even if it's just to wander around to buy a bottle of water.  I could spend the whole afternoon shopping at AJ's. What? A grown man is waxing poetic and yearning to go grocery shopping?  Surely I must be high, right?  No sir, this store is certainly worth every bit of my goofy enthusiasm. AJ's is not your typical grocery store, it's an experience.  Every department has a vast array of unique and obscure items of the highest quality.  Even the wine section is manned by a Sommelier for any of your wine queries. Every aisle is a discovery of wonderment, "what? they have that here?" or "Wow, look at that nifty thing-a-ma bobber gift, that's cool."One afternoon we found ourselves a little bit hungry, and what did we find to remedy our hunger pangs?  A mini Sushi-bar in the middle of the store.  No, not for take out, but with seats and a Sushi chef preparing our requests to order.  It's a mini-restaurant amidst the loaves of bread and jars of olives.  So my wife & I sat down and had a delicious sushi lunch in the middle of our grocery shopping.Coupled with excellent & friendly service AJ's is one of our favorite grocery stores anywhere.  Of course being the best doesn't come cheaply and AJ's certainly is a bit on the pricey side.  But what the heck, have some fun and splurge a little!  I think you'll like it.
1	I never shop at AJ's. That being said I have stopped into the Baseline & Val Vista location for the salad bar, coffee, and sushi and have always been really pleased.I made a trip to this AJ's to obtain some specialty items for my husbands upcoming birthday dinner I was preparing. He requested prime rib and I am NOT into meat nor do I know anything about certain types, cuts, etc. of meat. Knowing I was heading to a "fine foods" store though I was comfortable with the expectation someone who works in the meat department would be extremely knowledgeable and help me with my purchase. I was absolutely wrong. The two gentleman working the meat counter had less meat knowledge than I did. They did not know a single thing about prime rib including if they even sell it there nor were they offering to find someone else in the store who did. I also wanted to pick up some sweet sparkling red wine as a celebratory after dinner treat. I asked the head of the wine department to help me and he pointed me to two different bottles stating they were both very sweet. I purchased the sparkling Syrah (against my better judgment thinking the entire time in my mind that syrah is not a sweet varietal, but reassuring myself this guy does this for a living and what do I actually know about sparkling red wine) which as it turns out, was NOT sweet at ALL. I headed over to the bakery for some carrot cake, again at the request of my husband, and was confident having read so many reviews raving over their cake I would find something insanely delicious. They have two different carrot cakes, one from a third party and one they make in house. The girl working in the bakery actually recommended the third party offering that "it's better than ours and the pieces are bigger" Again, trusting the employee's advice I purchased two pieces. It was the most disgusting piece of carrot cake I have ever ate. The frosting tasted more like old sour cream than frosting making the whole HUGE piece basically inedible. Very disheartening experience. I recovered by heading to Whole Foods (on Mayo) were I absolutely can always count on all of the employees being so helpful and insanely knowledgeable. There was no prime rub displayed here either but of course the meat man went in the back and cut a piece especially for me offering lots of advice on cooking, seasoning etc. I was so upset at myself for ever doubting that my beloved Whole Foods could not handle the "fine foods" dinner I wished to prepare.
5	Best take out or eat in sushi!  Josh and Jesus'  make the most amazing, freshest and fastest to order sushi around!The sushi is well priced for the volume.  They have everything you would want to order available. We love the spicy tuna rolls, edamame and hot green tea.Tip large these guys deserve it!
4	Meat madness. That's what this AJ's is. Yes, AJ's can be a bit pricey but not as pricey as you would think. In fact, many of the items are comparable to other grocery stores, you just have to keep an eye on the prices. The misconception about AJ;s is that everything is overpriced, but what I really think it is, is that AJ's carries unique brands and those brands tend to run higher. But, let's get back to the meat topic here. I visit AJ's when I am looking for a nice cut of meat. Scottsdale doesn't have many meat shops around so we have to rely on the grocery stores and AJ's is top shelf. They have a huge selection of meat and for a reasonable price too. Yes, there are some cuts that are in the $20 per lb range but there are also meats that are in the $4 per lb range. You can get a couple pieces of meat, some side items like twice baked potatoes for around $20. Most importantly though is the selection and they have a truly solid selection here. I am also a huge fan of AJ's for their deli. Their sandwiches are delicious, they have a brick oven for pizza and they have several cold side items. In addition, if you are hungry at night and want some quick takeout, AJ's offers warm home-cook style meals that you can pick and choose from.
5	This definitely calls for an update. AJ's has some of the prettiest flowers around town right now in stock. In general, their floral selection is top notch and although it can be pricey, the quality and beauty is worth it if you are looking for a nice arrangement for a gift. I went in tonight to pick up a bouquet and immediately saw some the prettiest white flowers staring right at me. I paired them with a couple stems of pink flowers. When I went up to the counter to get them arrange, I learned that the white flower was actually...kale! Yes, a form of cabbage! Apparently Kale blossoms into this beautiful flower that is perfect for a bouquet. Leave it to AJs to offer such a unique flower. So with that I end with my five stars and say thank you to AJs for giving me an alternative to roses.
4	Since I'm *almost* the duchess of this AJ's location (watch out Ben B), it's time for a review...AJ's is the definition of a high-end, gourmet grocery store... As mentioned in most of the other reviews, their produce is gorgeous, their food fresh and delicious, and their staff friendly and helpful (for the most part).  This seems to be my go-to spot lately for a lunchtime sandwich or a quick snack.  My pregnant belly has been craving the vegetarian delight sandwich quite often.  (Lettuce, tomato, cucumber, avocado, provolone and I add honey mustard).  Try it... i bet you'll like it!  My pet peeve is that sometimes it gets really crowded and the wait is pretty long.  Other times it's not crowded at all but the deli staff is not so attentive.  Just something to work on, I guess... And I don't mean to be picky, but when I request a certain kind of wrap (whole wheat for example), and I sit down to eat and see that my sandwich is on a tomato-basil or spinach wrap, I'm not the happiest camper.  **If you are going to change up my bread choice, please tell me in advance!Aside from my minor pet peeves above and the high prices, I do love AJ's.  Their chip selection is awesome and so is their bakery and flower shop.  Oh, and don't miss their salad bar either.  Or their cheese or prepared-foods section.  (I could go on and on).  So sure, you'll spend a pretty penny if you go, but it is a pleasure to shop at this and most of the other AJ's locations.
5	This is the store of all gourmet food stores.........maybe rivals and beats out Dean & DeLuca in NYC.  Paradise Valley was my fave location..  I mean, AJ's is one TOP NOTCH gourmet food store.....definitely beats out Gelson's in Southern Calif. (and I really like Gelson's).  AJ's has one of the most comprehensive wine collections anywhere.  Their bakery and prepared food counters are outstanding.  The fruits and vegetables are almost too pretty to touch, and yes, EVERYTHING has a huge price to match its stellar quality.  It's just so PRETTY to feast one's eye's on all the delectable things they have to offer.  I haven't been since leaving AZ, and I sure do miss it.  When I return, though, you can be sure AJ's is on my list of things to visit/see/do.
5	My new favorite AJ's!! I don't know why I never paid a visit to this AJ's in the past. I used to pay a twice to thrice daily visit to the Via Linda location because it was convenient, but this location is right next to Trader Joe's and is AMAZING!As soon as you enter, you'll find a clean seating area that is dimly lit. Perfect for an intimate encounter. The fine bakery, cheese section, and deli foods are much more expansive, and if you walk into the store a bit further, you will find a complete sushi bar.Yes, a sushi bar. Inside a grocery store. Not just a station that makes those pathetic California rolls that taste like the leftovers from Neptune's net. A real sushi station that makes a variety of items!The other notable section here is the floral department. A fantastic selection of flowers, so I know exactly where I am going when I need to go to a funeral, date, or both. Which one is most morbid? Ha.How do I know this is a cool AJ's? Running into fellow Yelpers of course. As I was about to run out to the cash register, I was pleasantly surprised by running into Lindsey F. Lots of Yelpiness at this store!Lastly, the parking lot. Covered parking. Hell yeah! This is my AJ's. Thank you Basha's Corporation for making this store so nice.
3	Meh. Lots of quality food at quality prices. Great looking meat. Sushi bar underwhelming. Two droolers working. After asking for pen to fill out order, I got to sit and watch my wife return with and consume a salad while neither of the staff could be bothered to even make eye contact. They can keep their sushi as it turns out. Probably won't be back.
4	I love me some Aj's and they make the best sandwiches in their bistro. Who doesnt like HUGE and tasty sandwiches?! ....exactly.....
5	AJ's is Arizona's finest grocery store, without exception. I love shopping at AJ's because not only am I shopping local, I am also getting great items that are hard to find elsewhere. This AJ's has literally every option you can imagine, from fresh baked pizza to amazing sushi served to order. I love AJ's because they allow the employees to be themselves and not be so corporate and only speak off a script. Employees are the cornerstone of AJ's and they rock.My only complaint about this AJ's, is really not about AJ's at all, it is about the weird, cranky customers. There are regular non-crusty people, but every time I go, I also see some nasty mean people, totally being jerks to the staff. Listen, I get it, you're important, you have a range rover, you're wearing LuLu Lemon pants, I understand. The thing is, these employees work HARD, and don't need you barking orders at them as if they are Marine Corps recruits. Also, if they are out of something this is NOT a personal attack on  you, so chill the F out.Keep up the good work AJ's, we love you!
4	Pricey but the customer service is always great. The wine department is amazing and if they don't have something you want, they will find it for you. A lunch of the salad bar, a sandwich and a couple Julia Baker passion fruit chocolates are my guilty pleasure when I'm on this side of town. Plus they are one of the few places I've found with the larger sizes of ONE coconut water.
3	Prices are a bit over-the-top...  I would not do my regular grocery shopping here, but when I decide to roll out the red carpet and need some specialty items this is one of my go-to places.  I should also note the bakery is great; when my dad is in town, I always have to stop in and get him a Bear-claw!
4	Great wine selection, great food selection.  Please carry vegan/vegetarian options in cold/hot salad and list ingredients for those with food allergies or those that watch what products they eat.  Thank you.
3	A nice store, clean and very welcoming.  However, they don't carry organic fruits and vegetables.  I know, hard to believe a high end store doesn't have an organic fruits.  On the positive note, the sushi is very good for a market.  The flowers are nice.  The prices are high, but the quality is there.  Oh, the chocolate chip cookies are very good.  I limit my shopping there because I have to go elswhere for fruit and vegetables.
3	I love Aj's for a great coffee and ice tea selections and this one has the best selections. The store reminds me of Bristol Farms back home because of the over the top prices. I would rather grocery shop at whole foods and get just as good if not better quality. I mostly grab hot food or something from the bakery.  Why the three star? There is one staff member that has the worst attitude. I'm a really soft spoken and sweet person by nature and I am shocked by her actions to customers, even me and all of this is bad customer service is done around her manager and he does nothing. For example, this morning I grab a number and as usual she will quickly call out three numbers at the same time and I pointed to the girl next to me who waited longer and she rolled her eyes at me. I've had very few encounters with the person attitude but it's enough to make today visit my last, I rather go out of my way to the AJ's on Camelback.
3	I really want to like this place more, but the selection is limited and the prices are really just outrageous. The Whole Foods up on 101 has better quality and more reasonable prices.
4	Love the store.  But the parking is a nightmare (but that is the fault of the patrons with more money than brains who can't drive or park there cars).
3	If you are looking for a unique item, you will find it here.  You will also pay dearly.  Their prices are outrageously high.  Also, I don't need the fellow at the meat counter trying to convince me how great it is that their twice baked potatoes Iwhich are good) are over 1 lb each!  I understand you are charging me per lb and want to gouge me as much as possible but, could you care a bit about what the customer wants and maybe offer a couple smaller ones that are not heffer size?  I try to limit how often I go here but, they do have unique items and good quality - just not worth the price tag or the attitude.
4	Sushi at a grocery store? Oh you bet, especially here at AJ's. My favorite is the spicy salmons and caterpillar roll. The cucumber salad or sunomono is one of the best in town.The service, quality and price is perfect, so supermarket or not...why not sushi at AJ's. You can dine in or take out and actually dining in is not so bad for a afternoon meal before shopping. The team there is awesome! They make the dining in fun and welcoming.
5	Love this AJs. Best sushi bar! The staff here is fabulous. The fresh lunch options are amazing. They have a great salad bar as well.
4	Been going here for 20 years.  Really enjoy the atmosphere in the store.  Only complaint is that price is higher than usual Fry's Food and Drug.  Their baked goods are very good.  Nice experience!
5	I don't go here for my groceries or anything because yes they are pricey, but I am here almost daily for my iced tea that I can't get enough of. Their bakery is hands down the best. They have a large selection of decaf and regular teas. I also love all their cookies and baked goods. They typically have a line but always move fast. Will continue to come here and only here for my daily iced tea cravings
5	5 star service and a wonderful beet, wine, and spirits selection sets this market apart from the competition.
4	Love love love this store!!!
4	This location seems to be one of the best of the chain. I recently sampled the Chicken Parmesan entree twice and it's way better at 11am, instead of at dinnertime, but it is still a good product. Some notable side dishes were the stuffing and cheddar potatoes, but the corn was a buttery, overcooked mess. Onion rings needed to be more crispy as well. The other stand out entree was the brisket sandwich at 8 bucks with two side dishes. The meat is fork tender and very solid for a  supermarket brisket. The BBQ sauce could have been better though. Great macaroni salad here as well, but the cannoli's fell short of true goodness. No quite the same as Italian versions.
5	This is the best AJs I have been too. Great selection!  Far superior to the others in town. More items in stock. More helpful personnel and even more sales. Amazing seafood selection!  Mini pharmacy I haven't seen in any of the other stores. Thank goodness this store has more than 2 cases of each soda weekly. Great selection of Mrs Meyers cleaning products. Great bath products. This one is the farthest from me but will become my go to store none the less.
1	My poor husband got the worst food poisoning of his life from eating food from the salad bar!!! Please don't eat from the salad bar!
5	This AJ's is a great example of the brand with a great selection, cheap and terrific China Mist iced tea and awesome floral department.
3	Nobody shops at AJs expecting a bargain. So when I bought some fresh fruit salad yesterday, I blinked at the price but I wasn't shocked. Until I went home and saw what I got. Mostly melon and a few (very few) pieces of pineapple and grapes. Probably about $3.00 worth of produce for $18.00. Great profit even taking into account the time to cut the fruit. What a rip off.
4	Sushi Happy hour is the hidden secret. 6$ 5 piece Salmon (sake) and Tuna, plus others. Make sure you get a drink from store before sitting down. They only serve hot tea but will charge you for whatever you bring.
5	Such stellar service every time I go especially from the Butcher and Seafood counter and it's a locally owned operation!Sure, its pricier than other supermarkets, but I think everyone knows that going in, after all, "Fine Foods" is in the title and plastered on the building. This same theory can be used for those people complaining of the smaller selection, again, read the title, "purveyor of fine foods", this should tell you that the selection will be limited to the finer food brands and thus your (okay, mine) Brach's Mellowcreme Pumpkin candy corn will not be available here, but you (okay, I) continue to look anyway. Quality is expensive. Anyhoo, this is not my regular grocery store, due to the prices, but when I want something a little bit special or more exotic, I come here. From their bakery selection (their cannoli are one of favorites) to their deli counter you'll find different items than you would at your routine grocery store. While now it seems there is a sushi station in every grocery store - the one at AJ's is far superior in both taste and selection. They also have a sushi bar where you can sit and enjoy a delectable bite in-between shopping or just as a meal of the day. I really love their Meat counter because there is always something mouthwatering that is semi-prepared that I can pick up on my way home from work, throw in the oven, and my husband thinks I made it from scratch - boyah! Why yes, I am an amazing chef. I love that when I get Salmon they ask if I like bones (no, I don't) and then proceed to cut me a portion that doesn't have them ALONG WITH asking me if I want them to cut the skin off (yes, yes I do). I always forget about these things when I'm elsewhere because I hate grocery shopping and just want to get out as fast as I can - except when I am here at AJ's, I don't mind taking my sweet time.Aj's also has a wine section, pharmacy, flower selection (like really pretty selection), produce, already prepared and packaged food, and a great salad bar/olive bar selection.  There is also a fun knickknack section with stuff I totally want to buy, but would never use - like an over-the-top tricked out apron or a bedazzaled doodad of some nature which usually change with the Seasons. The parking lot is nice with covered parking , but it does get hectic at times from people cutting through to other storesDespite me always trying to go out the wrong door, I'll continue coming back here. Support local!
2	Family illness caused us to seek out pick up holiday meals.  We chose AJs for Thanksgiving.  The meal was around $200 for 6 people.  The servings were generous.  However, the meal was absolutely tasteless.  The sides were like a brides first meal.  Hunks of sweet potato, mashed potatoes, and large, seemingly fresh green beans with less taste than canned. The turkey had absolutely no taste at all. All of this was served with rolls which bore no resemblance to the marvelous bread available in AJs bakery, but were a version of those mass produced wonder bread rolls.  The pie for desert was okay.  The one bright spot was the cranberry sauce.  It was crunchy (raw ?) and flavored with orange.The dressing was chunks of multicolored bread with little else.  Again no taste.A glutton for punishment, we ordered the prime rib for Christmas.  Again the portions were generous.  The meat was great.  It had been partially cooked, so preparation was quick.  However, the scalloped potatoes didn't heat through, although we followed instructions.  Guests said the best part of the meal was the shrimp cocktail we added.  We ordered cranberry sauce, but it wasn't delivered.Next time we'll order the prime rib ( they do have the best meat in the area) and add baked potatoes and our own sides.  Do get a cake or pie from the bakery...they are delicious.
