3	Beautiful lounge space & patio, pretty crowd, pricey drinks, fresh hip-hop jamz.  I don't know, I just wasn't feeling this place.  Perhaps because it feels like everywhere else in Scottsdale.  Or maybe it's because it's an underwhelming offshoot of the much more spectacular Skybar in West Hollywood.   The crowd was typical Old Town Scottsdale.   Pretty people being pretty lame.  We talked to some guy who was reinforcing to us just how cosmopolitan he is.  We also spotted a cute, well-dressed chick bum a cigarette AND lighter off some unsuspecting fool and make a love connection.  The comfy chairs and benches, the trendy black/white motif, gorgeous fireplace and private cabana set-up transport you elsewhere, but not too far away.  Don't get your hopes up for any type of view (I'd even take a 3rd story view) like the cliff-clinging LA Skybar.  You'll just have to settle for a 1st story view over the grassy Scottsdale Mall.  Will I go back?   Maybe, yawn...
4	This places was filled with beautiful people, or I just had too many to drink.  I didn't think it was that crowded.  I had some personal space of my own to move around.  It was very loud and drinks are expensive but what do you expect.  Only dive bars really offer cheap drinks.  Hot waitresses.I would check this place out.
3	I've really tried to hate this place, can you blame me, I've never seen so many gold diggers with there game face on and dousch bags trying there hardest to rub up on you...but I can't, I always have fun. The drinks  are good, the music is always what it should be and there is a lot to look at.
5	Alright Scottsdale, put on your big boy pants and let's party.Yes, the drinks are expensive, (About $11-12 for a cocktail) especially in comparison to everywhere else in Scottsdale.  But that is the standard price in other big cities- NY, Boston, Chicago, LA, Vegas....in fact drinks may even be more expensive in certain spots there.   There was no cover and you have to like that.  Yes, the patrons dress up a little, but what is wrong with that?  Sometimes you just want to dress up and feel fabulous.  Personally, I'm happy I've found a place I can wear my arsenal of party dresses to. Sky Bar/Red Bar is really one big place, Sky Bar with a red room.  They are connected through their outside patios.  Red Bar is kind of smallish and fills up fast so definitely head over to the other side if it's getting too stuffy for you.  Sky Bar is the complete opposite decor wise, it's cloaked in darkness with a black motif going on.  The outside cabanas are lovely and would make a wise choice for someone looking to celebrate a birthday or other event.  Sure there is no view but I came to hang with friends, drink fantastic drinks, and listen to good music.  I agree that Sky Bar is much nicer than Red Bar.  Here is a tip- there are bathrooms in Sky Bar so you don't have to walk out and deal with the moron at the door.  (I was practically holding my husband's hand and he let me in and clipped the rope off in front of him....um, buddy, he's with me.  Thanks.)The bartenders were great.  They were attentive, quick and their drinks were very well mixed. I highly suggest the Red Room Royale; my husband's Grey Goose and pineapples were top notch. The DJ was pretty damn good, spinning a great mix of classic soul and disco and old school rap and hip hop (none of it was mashed up together) with some choice top 40 hits  (Timbaland, Gnarles Barkley) thrown in for good measure. (Here's a fun fact, DJ Dangermouse is from my hometown!)Now, as for the scene.  Sure there were some "scene"-y elements but that is to be expected.   Hotel bars bring in the most interesting patrons so you have everyone from the old to the young there.  I have to say there were plenty of "normal" looking people there, plenty of people with their factory original parts.  Sure you get the random 40 year old in a Bebe sweat suit (how does someone over 16 years old wear one?  How do you wear a knock off like Bebe?  How do you wear it out to a nice place?  These are the questions you can entertain yourself with.)  But you do get a bunch of rather normal people looking to have a good time.  I definitely saw more girls over 6 feet tall than girls with fake boobs.  Will I be back?  You bet I will.  I want to go back right now.  This is one of the few places I've found so far that can compete with the big boys in other cities.  If you're looking for a nice night out, looking to feel fabulous, this is your spot.
3	Skybar is one of several Scottsdale bars  that attract a celebrity clientele. Jessica Alba, Halle Berry, Eva Mendes, Jamie Foxx, Jeremy Piven and Adam Brody have all been spotted at this chic lounge over the last six months. Drinks are pricey and it can be pretentious sometimes -- it's pretty much your 944 Magazine crowd with plastic surgery, botox and $30,000 millionaires. However, it's one of the best places to people watch in the Valley.
2	I don't know if it's possible for a place like Skybar to "keep it real," but Thursday nights with DJ Maji get close.I attended last night, and it uncharacteristically was dead. So I can't speak for the crowd, but Maji spins solid house and finishes off the night with eclectic hip hop, from Lupe Fiasco to De La Soul.The decor and staff are super sweet, and the outdoor heaters make patio seating comfortable year-round. I didn't buy any drinks, so I missed out on the sticker shock. Parking was really weird. Plenty of spots were open, but the hotel only offers valet parking. So I parked down the street and walked across two empty lots to reach the club. Ridiculous.The highlight of my evening was diving into the pillow-piled round sofas with "Kitty," a young lady in a black mini-dress and knee-high boots whose fakies shined through her sheer outfit. I've never gone from pillow fight to debating Hemingway in 60 seconds.
3	Went here to meet up with LA friends during Superbowl weekend. The decor is pretty unique here and the bathrooms are quite the trip. Bartenders are ace, cocktail waitresses are good looking, and the music is a healthy mix of bangers and decent indie hits. Tip for the door guys there don't let in 6 dudes at a time, even if they are Persian dudes with tons of cash who want to buy bottles. Boo!
4	A classy place to have a cocktail.This place is really busy on the weekends, I prefer weekdays so I can find a spot to sit down...The decor is top notch, very modern and stylish - feels like New York or LA.Definitely worth a visit! (afterwards I suggest you pop by J Chew's lounge next door for a more casual vibe)
4	Yes, it's out of place.  But it's rad.  Coming from Vegas, I was impressed right when walking into the hotel, and was even more impressed that on a Saturday night, this bar didn't charge any cover to get into.  Easily a $20 cover in Vegas or in many other towns.  Drink selection was plentiful, and they made a great bloody mary for me.  I'll be back next time I'm in Scottsdale.
3	Everyone says this place is mad snotty and all Scottsdale-ishly bitchy but I just kind of find it boring.If you go to Skybar I highly reccomend renting a cabana and having bottle service. It will run you about $500  - $1,000 but it's worth it to avoid the bar area.Not a bad place, just maybe not as bitchy or cool as the one on Sunset in LA. Now THAT place has attitude.
3	"Six Schlitzes please".Funny looks all around."Uh, an appeltini then".It's kinda like that.CheersUntil then, get the beers in...
3	Cute.  Nice design.  Liked the video projection in the picture frame, the swing, and the indoor/outdoor flow.  Sean Morley was djing and was rocking it this particular Saturday night.  The crowd is a little too self conscious and afraid to get down.  It's the kind of place where if you dance people just kinda glare at you from the "sidelines."  I just threw back another drink and got down anyways...
5	I came here for my 1st yr annvrsry I loved the place... So much energy amazing salads. And the desert was fabolous
