5	I have been working with these guys about 5 years now and 2 days ago my a/c went out. They came out that day and had me back up the next morning. The problem was just an electronic part that went out. $250.00 and I was back up and cooling. I love these guys and you can tell they really care about your finances.
5	With the recent cold weather we have experienced, my mother a senior (who is spending the winter here now) using the guest section of the house stated that she had been really cold the night before. Sure enough it was quite cool in her bedroom, I checked the thermostat and it was set properly, but the heater was not kicking on. The unit for that wing was down and in need of a repair. I called a local company that had serviced that unit a year or so previously (for the A/C portion) and they indicated they would be out later that day - a Friday. As the time came for the appointment, I got a call from them to inform me that their tech would not be able to make it. The earliest would be the following Monday morning. I accepted this as the house has two other units warming the house, plus I had put a space heater in her bedroom.When Monday rolled around, their tech showed up, proceeded to analyze the unit and indicated that it would cost $1800 to repair but would not recommend it since the unit was at least 12 years old and thus will give me a quote for replacing it - for $6000. I was not prepared for this diagnosis for which he charged a fee of $90.I then called Forrest Anderson for a second opinion. I was informed that it would not be any problem having a tech out that afternoon. Technician Kelly Bridge was on time and analyzed the unit, came back down from the attic in about thirty minutes and told me it was repaired. He indicated that a wire had come loose on the heater and that was why it was not coming on, and by the way someone had serviced the unit previously and had not put all the screws back in on the heater cover and that may have been why the cable had come loose. I was very happy to pay him $150 for the repair.Kelly, you have won over a new customer for any future work on our home.
5	I've been working with Forrest Anderson for over 5 years.  They impressed me first when I had gone through three different companies to diagnose a problem of why the air was not flowing and cooling a space I was renting.  They came out and said it was nothing to do with the AC units but with the leaky ducting. No one else even considered that.  They fixed the problem immediately and it was reasonable.  Since then I think I've used them a dozen times at different commercial locations and every time I get the same great service.  As far as price goes I usually don't compare anymore because I really do trust them, but if I have any questions about costs they are always open to saving me money by doing things a little different.  You will not go wrong by trying them out.  Branden is the person I deal with but the staff are equally nice also.
5	I had the pleasure to use the services of Forrest Anderson for a water heater replacement. They sent a plumber for an estimate in a timely manner. The next day, Matt came and replaced two water heaters and two valves on the remaining water heaters on my rental property. He tried every option before suggesting the replacements, but as the heaters were really old left over from the previous owner (one was 17 years old), they had to go and he spent the necessary time to make sure everything was working really well for everyone. I had a recent experience with a bigger plumbing company for a simple valve change on a washer in the laundry room, a short job for which these people changed me an astronomical amount of money ($376), and the price that Matt charged for his extensive work was so much more reasonable. I highly recommend Forrest Anderson Plumbing if you need an honest professional estimate, fair pricing, and a great performance. Thank you, Matt!
