4	Good take-out with BA drinks!  Take-out onlyDiabetics stay away from the lemonade.
5	Bodrick's(family owned and operated) has been serving pit cooked bbq in the Charlotte area for 12 years and I am ashamed to say that I just recently got a chance to experience it.......I have definitely been missing out!I've been in Charlotte 16 years, and visited several bbq spots.....some that quite honestly shouldn't still be in existence and Bodrick's simply puts them all to shame. I'd put their rib tips, ribs, and bbq up against any of the local bbq spots without a doubt.....it's just that darn good. I'm talking about tender busting with smokey flavor meat with a kicking sauce! They call it 'Chi-town style', but I call it bbq done right!  The rib tips and bbq are their specialty but understand that they serve much more than that.....I also tried the lemon pepper wings, hush puppies, potato salad, mac n cheese, fries and lemonade which were all 5 star and easily, in my opinion, pushes them into the bbq/soulfood arena.....seriously! I can't wait to try the fish and shrimp on my next trip.   If I could suggest one thing, it would be to add bbq pulled chicken or turkey to your menu for the health fanatic in me:-)  Bodrick and his wife were a pleasure to talk with and they know bbq, and to the brother cooking.....you are the man!You'd be doing yourself a terrible injustice to sleep on this one as I had........
1	Good BBQ? Please......Chicago style? Well, maybe.... Only if you are from Chicago and you prepared it.It should be called SAM's style. As in SAM's Club. Ok, heres the layout. I ordered a Rack of ribs, Mac & cheese, Greens, Cole slaw, and potato salad.Rack of ribs: I received a full rack( i give them that). But it was a mixed rack..... baby backs and a spare ribs. What is that called? Mac & cheese: So, so.Greens: Unseasoned, strait from the can. ( at least they could have sprinkled a lil' salt & pepper on 'em) Ya know?!?!?Cole slaw: Strait from a plastic container. Potato salad: Need I say more.....?!?!?Building: Dirty inside and out...Sanitation Grade: 90.1Two words...... Keep Driving!
1	RIB TIPS didnt have taste
5	Bodrick's is neighborhood BBQ Joint with great food and packed into a small space! Great service, great BBQ, Wings,Sides, and desert! One of the best Mac and Cheese cook's in the southeast! Not much to look at on the outside, but lot's to brag on on the inside!
5	The have some of the best ribs and rib tips in Charlotte. Tea and lemonade made fresh.
4	I work in Charlotte and I like to eat at Bodricks whenever  I'm in the area at lunch time. The BBQ sandwich, fries, and drink special is a great deal and very good. The owner is a really nice guy too! Give them a try!
