5	I came to Madison and tried out this club.  VERY  NICE for the individual price.  A warm pool, lap pool, two hot tubs, cardio/weight room upstairs, weight room downstairs, raquetball courts, you name it.  Had a great workout, and and an awesome protein shake at their smoothy bar on my way out!  Really nice staff too!
5	Harbor Athletic Club is great.  We use it all the time - swimming classes for the boys and yoga, pilates, and cardio classes for my wife.  No classes for me, but I still enjoy the club.Membership dues are right in line with other major clubs in the area.Highly recommended!
5	Look, I love this place and I don't want you to join. It's the antithesis of the meat market known as Princeton club. Sadly, smoothie bar/cafe is gone. Harbor is a really laid back health club that has everything that I need and more. The only downfalls are that it's super old and kind of put together like a corn maze.8 years and counting!
5	Member here for 10 years total--  I love clean! I love being able to walk away from noisy kids and go into another pool since i am a swimmer I like choices. Cool people -- members keep to themselves dont try to interfere with your workout with chit chat  I LOVE THIS !! We are busy working out no talking needed ! Great classes!  Great equipment and you can use other clubs too with their membership win win But umm yeah don't join K? It is hard enough to find parking as it is !I went astray for a bit I will admit tried the Princeton Club to see what I was missing out on all the hoopla. What I found was old band aides that did not seem to move for days left around the pool and inches of standing water where you are supposed to wring out your suit NASTY !!I found my way back and like the Prodigal son who returns home after making mistakes I am back and I am happy!!
4	This is a well-run club that has seemingly unlimited choices for its members at a very reasonable price. The strength and cardio equipment is modern and always in working condition, and you rarely if ever have to wait for anything. The group fitness options are plentiful and the instructors are engaged and motivating. I don't partake, but there are a ton of yoga, Pilates and Barre offerings in the wellness center across the parking lot from the main facility. The pool areas are clean and well-maintained, and the water in the pools is kept at a comfortable temperature. I've worked out a Harbor for a year now. The club has the appearance of a facility that has expanded multiple times as best it can given the architecture of the building and the space available. It's not easy to navigate as there are many separate rooms, but the staff is friendly and helpful and it's easy enough to figure things out once you get the hang of the layout. I wouldn't mind an update of the facility, but not at the expense of higher prices. It's clean and friendly and doesn't lack options and to me, that's most important.
