4	Hubby and I were looking for somewhere new to eat in Goodyear. We decided to give Austin's a try. This is a new restaurant that just opened in the old native New Yorker location in the Safeway shopping center. The first thing we noticed upon walking in was the updated wall between the entry and the bar. I love the way it looks. It felt much more up to date and more upscale then when it was NNY. We decided to sit in the restaurant and we were seated quickly. There were several tv's both in the bar and located throughout the main dining area. Our server took our drink order quickly and we were happy to see a fairly large amount of beers on tap including a couple of my favorites like Kilt lifter, Moose Drool and Blue Moon. They also had several to choose from in bottles and lots of mixed drink options. Their wine list was fairly limited but they had some decent selections. The menu contained a wide of variety of items like taco's, pizza & wings, burgers, salads and sandwiches or even steaks. It would be hard not to find something that interested you. I went with the green chile fries which were super delicious and came in a large portion. Hubby had the BBQ bacon burger which he really enjoyed. Our server was great and made sure our drinks were refilled and that we had everything we needed. Because this restaurant is close to our house I am super happy that another restaurant opened in this location. I am anxious to go back and try something else or maybe take in a game. Enjoy~
4	We had a good lunch. The Reuben had 2 kinds of cheese, turkey BBQ BLT was delicious, the chicken strips had thyme which was a nice twist, and buffalo chicken wrap was good. The only I would change is the coleslaw. As a side item the serving size was small. The restaurant is well run, our waitress was attentive and management is on site and present (nice change from most restaurants lately). I was not a fan of the restaurant that was here before so this a welcome change.
4	This place is awesome!! We had a great time there and our bartender Donovan was helpful and funny.
5	I love working here! I get to work the lunch shift mostly with Dave as my manager. It is so refreshing working for an owner that really cares for their employees. All the girls I work with like having a manager that helps out on the floor and can relate to us during down time. Hopefully I will get to work here for years to come!!!
5	I have been here several times and have had no issues. The staff is very friendly and professional. The food is great (especially the burgers) and I will keep going back as long as they'll have me.
5	After having been on the road for hours, I was just looking for something decent and fast.  What a delightful surprise to stumble across this place!  Stylish decor,  friendly greeting,  upscale yet casusl atmosphere,  and a menu that has something for everyone without moving outside the realm where they could get it wrong.  Know what you do and do it well!  Excellent service and excellent meal. I had the half pound Angus beef burger and fries.  Delish!
1	We have been to Austin's 3 times....  The first two visits were pretty good..   The last one was enough to never return again.  $9 for chips and Guacamole..  They are overpriced.....    In addition, on the last visit there were two drunk guys yelling at each other as they sat at the bar....   kinda trashy...
4	We've been here twice and I hope it stays open! It was a nice change of pace in the area and lots of beers on tap. I prefer it to Native New Yorker which was in this spot previously. I was craving BBQ chicken pizza. I don't know if we ordered incorrectly or not but we got buffalo chicken pizza, Oh well we ate it anyway. It was tasty, the chunks of bleu cheese really made it!The second time we actually ordered and got the BBQ chicken pizza. It was very good too, but I would suggest a thicker BBQ sauce and I would probably sub red onion for green.
3	We went in last night and it was not busy at all! I don't think they're gonna last. Seems like everybody had desperation in their eyes.
3	We wanted to try something new out of Buckeye and decided to try this.  The   Nacho appetizer was very good.  Piled high and tasty. The place is nice and the service was good, she was always close by and attentive.Husband and I both had a toasted sandwich with fries.  The fries were overdone and dry.  Our child had the pork loin and it was awful!! The Jamaican sauce just did not taste good. The pork was tender but the sauce was so bad even our dogs would not eat it.Probably will not go back since it was not over the top enough to replace some of the better ones close by and lunch for three was $60 without alcohol.
5	My husband and I Have dined here 6 times and each time we have had excellent service, atmosphere, and MOST importantly food!  Their ribs are to die for, salads big and healthy good, and finally the pizzas have been amazingly yummy.!  We get such wonderful service and the bartenders and waitresses REMEMbER you!  Plus if you are into SPORTS, You are in luck what an atmosphere!  Bottom line.... we love the food!
5	My sister and I went here on a Friday night for drinks, it took about 5 minutes for the bartender to acknowledge us at the bar but he was the only one back there and he did apologize for the wait. Once we got our drinks we decided to order the fish fry ($8.99) We are born and raised in Milwaukee so we know good fish. The fish here was AWESOME!!  Flaky and tender, not drenched in oil and the french fries were yummy too. We will definitely be back!!
5	First time here: A much needed improvement from the former Native New Yorker.       As you enter you'll see ahead of you, the bar area.  They offer a generous beer selection on tap, and a nice choice of liquors including my favorite vodka, Effen. We were seated in the restaurant area after a prompt greeting in the foyer by the young lady who ended up being our server. We noticed many beers we'd never tried so asked about samples.  We were informed they offered flights of four 4-ounce pours for $6. That was perfect!  We skipped appetizers, and chose a Bbq Chicken Salad and my husband had the guacamole chicken sandwich with bacon added, which came with yummy fries!  Both meals were good! The dining area and bar both have many large flat screens featuring sports. We noticed a flyer for a 70's party on Jan 31st my husband was surprisingly insistent we should return for.  The service was efficient and she was friendly and social. We plan to return for the milk stout, orange blossom ale, and to try out some of the signature dinners!
5	I love this place and always tell people to go.  There cheeseburger soup is amazing!!
5	I will be back.  Unlike the old Native New Yorker, Austins is clean, relaxing, and no longer reeks of stale beer and vomit.  The cuban pizza is uniquely tastey.  Overall great time.
5	Hung out here on a nice Sunday afternoon.Enjoyed the Green Chile fries and the Cuban pizza with a few friends. Both were excellent and arrived very timely. Server was nice and very attentive. Love the upgrades of the restaurant.
2	Food was alright, but sub-par, even for bar food. Fish n chips was below average. Service was reasonable. Wife didn't care for pizza. Would not likely go back.
5	We are loving Austin's!  The staff are amazing, hard working, accommodating, friendly, and they make our visits there like coming home.The food is great, my only critique are the fries, it's like the fryer is too hot, they are really over cooked most if the time.  But seriously, it's just fries so who really cares? Everything else there ROCKS!I highly recommend the gluten free pizza crust.  I had their Cuban pizza with added bacon and it was so good!  Also, their green chili is wonderful!  Have it on fries, as nachos, or just a bowl of it!  I actually added it to a pizza, it was amazing!
5	Great food. Great service. Great prices. Enough said. The Cuban Sandwich and the Cuban Pizza are amazing.
3	Food ok had pork tenderloin and friesFries under cooked  pork ok spice too hot and bit tastelessCompanion had corn beef sandwich Sandwich good but fries also disappointing as under cooked Service good
5	Had a great birthday lunch!  Posted pics. Kids eat free with an adult entree purchase,  free dessert on your birthday! Loved the jamaican jerk wings and shrimp dip appetizer. I don't care about those other reviews, I love the fries!
2	My husband and I ate here last Friday night. The food was alright but the wait time was terrible. Our waitress was very sweet and apologized for the long wait explaining they had a new cook working. She seemed very busy, and I had to request a water and ranch twice to get each of them. We will try it again to see if they were just off that night due to the new cook or if that's how it is typically run.
5	I really dig the green chili :) the staff is super friendly and very helpful with menu selection :D
4	Burger with the pretzel bun is great. Good seasoning and they use a good fat content beef. Makes for great flavor. They have the best wings on this side of town (until Oregano's goes in)Staff is friendly and they have the best beer selection in goodyear. Overall atmosphere is great. Family friendly or a great place to catch a fight or a game. Lots of TVs.
4	Had the Green Chili Nachos and the Cuban Pizza. Green Chili Nachos simply delicious. The Cuban Pizza? Here are the ingredients: mustard cream sauce, pulled pork, pepper jack cheese, cheddar cheese and mozzarella cheese. More deliciousness. Bartender was friendly and service was fantastic. One of the best parts? The choice of locally brewed beers. Especially the SanTan Brewing Company's Mr. Pineapple Wheat. I give 5 stars for consistency, so it is safe to say I will be going back to Austin's soon!
2	We decided to try this new restaurant since we like to give our business to local restaurants. This restaurant is in the chain with Marleys (located on Bell Rd...not Majerles). We visited on a Saturday afternoon and the place was quiet as can be. Only 2 other tables were occupied. Our server, Donny, was friendly and attentive however the length of time it took for our food to arrive was horrible. 30 minutes for wings and a burger (med). I can understand if they were busy but other tables that arrived after us received their food before us. Clearly something happened but we were never given an explanation. My husband ordered a side salad with his meal and there wasn't anything great about it. No croutons just lettuce and cheese. I ordered the burger on a pretzel bun and it was tasty. The fries weren't anything great.
4	Nice place and big improvement over the Native New Yorker that used to be here. Very clean and friendly prompt service. This would have been a five star but one thing; they used to have home made French fries that were the best in the West Valley. They now have the coated garbage every other crap dive in the valley has. The  rest of the menu is great. Please bring back the fries I would be willing to pay more.
3	Yesterday, we came here for lunch. The food is ok and we have always had nice servers.My husband went to use the bathroom and was disgusted with how dirty and filthy the bathroom was. It looked like it hadn't been cleaned in days. This made us wonder about the cleanliness of the kitchen. We won't come back here after seeing the filth in the bathroom.
3	The three stars is for the wonderful customer service. Tried the Jambalaya and it wasn't too great. Not a lot of flavor! The pretzel sticks were too hard and salty. Would come again for drinks only..
2	This took the place of Native New Yorker in our neighborhood.  While I truly love supporting and eating at local establishments, this one just doesn't stand out enough to me.  Sure, it's a bar with American food.  But there is nothing spectacular that tops other places I've been to.  I can tell you they definitely improved the atmosphere and inside since Native New Yorker completely missed the mark when they knocked the wall down.  They have a small stage that must host local talent on some nights.  There are two huge pull-down screens and projectors as well as many other TVs set around the restaurant.  I had their hot wings which were pretty tasty...but I was flicking the sauce all over myself because they were a little too tough on the outside.  My hubby had one of their burgers and also liked it but just thought it was average.  We may or may not go back since it is a nice local spot.  After all, they have a nice selection of beers on tap.
5	Great food, awesome service!  We had the guacamole burger, BBQ burger, Cobb salad, and the apple cranberry salad.Everyone loved the food.
2	Not impressed with anything. Ordered wings, came with FRIES ordered burger came with FRIES ordered Ruben came with FRIES..enough already do the tacos come with fries too? The Ruben was bland and the burger was built wrong. To put mayo under the bun, now the bun is soggy and turned to mush. The wings were dry and chewy which like most they are pre-cooked before going in the fryer.No need to return
2	Great beer selection. Not so great staff. The language from several waitresses  as they came and went from the bar and kitchen area was frat house, hanging with your friends crude. Tall and thin Girl with curly black hair was the instigator. We sat at the bar trying to enjoy our drinks and left after one. I will say the bartender was very knowledgeable and helpful. We didn't eat during this visit and probably won't go back based on what we heard and saw. Behavior like this has no place in a restaraunt.
4	We went to their comedy night, offered every other Saturday night, and was thoroughly entertained!  This is a great venue for the west valley, especially Goodyear!  I was also impressed with the food.  I am always suspicious when the menu has Green Chile and when you eat it, it is bland or taste like a bell pepper.  Well Austin's Green Chile Nachos didn't disappoint this Albuquerque, NM born and raised.  It was good to taste good, spicy Green Chile, bravo!  We'll be back for another comedy night!
5	First time here. Would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for great drink specials, amazing burgers and great customer service. Had the San Francisco burger that was on point! Their fries are fresh and crispy. Definitely coming back
5	We were driving in the parking lot and stumbled onto this place. My husband loves craft beer and they had a great variety to choose from. Happy hour is awesome.  My house pinot grigio was very good. The food was excellent. Our bartender was the best very nice and the customers next to us were very nice and welcomed us. We cant wait to go back.
4	Came in on Friday for the first time. They had a descent selection of beer's on tap. I talked with the manager briefly and he recommended a great beer, tried it and loved it !! I also had a bbq bacon burger, it was awesome!! It was cooked perfectly and dripping with bbq sauce. I will definitely be back. PS they also hand cut their fries, gotta love it!
5	Best sports bar food in the west valleyExcellent pizza and wingsGreat drink specials after traditional happy hour times :)Our waiter Jordan was terrific !
4	Great happy hour!!! Best micro brew beer selection on this side of town. Definitely  not just your run of the mill boring beers. The food was great too! Cuban sandwich was delicious along with great wings that were on special for .45 cents a wing. French fries were the best around definitely homemade. We will be back!!
5	As I mentioned in my previous review, consistency is key. I go here a few times a month and I have yet to be disappointed. Sometimes they are busy and it takes a little longer for food or drinks to come out. No issues here, as long as the food stays awesome and the people serving the food stay amazing. Most importantly they have a great selection of local breweries. All about local and in Goodyear it doesn't get much better than Austin's.
3	Went here for comedy night. It was awesome! Service was great. I had a great time. Only reason I'm giving it a 3 is cause I haven't tried their food yet
4	The food format has changed a little here as the complex has been developed. The menu seemed much more casual and bistro. Nevertheless, the offering is still excellent and worth the visit. point cloates
5	We were on a road trip and were starving. Thought we'd try Austin's. Very surprised at how great the food was. My husband had wings and a really good dark stout. He said the wings were better than BJ's! His fav. I had a turkeyBLT withFries. They were delicious It was hard to leave any left on the plate .And the waitress was awesome! It's a sports bar and noisy and she sat us at a much quieter table, because we aren't young anymore! Not only that she was super friendly and thoughtful didn't mind our extra requests at all, moreSauce, extra crispy fries, wings dry withSide of sauce instead of tossed in theSauce. Etc.... Next time we are here we will be back.
1	Horrible service.  Ordered food at 5 and at 6:30 Wer still did not have our food.  The "General manager" just gave excuses with zero results. Literally he did nothing get our food, stood behind me doing nothing.  We just left  never to return.
5	We got to see the games for Monday night football at happy hour prices!!! They have a full bar, and huge projection screens:) the crowd was middle-aged and chill. We ordered & shared the lasagna special for $10.99 with unlimited soup and salad and got full! Great quality comfort food, so don't come if you're on a diet;)
