3	They just opened so I will be gentle...My brother convinced our party of six to meet at newly opened Beauregard Food Co. for dinner this evening.  I actually wanted to try Calistro, but my brother insisted that this place was good!  He said he couldn't remember the name of it but that it's where the old Autostrada was.  Being the nice sister that I am, and always up for trying new places, I gave in.I arrived first, then Jared, and Joan... and twenty minutes later, in waltzed my brother with my aunt and uncle.  Typical.  Note to self: never trust that my brother will be on time - it still frustrates me every time!Luckily, we didn't wait on Zack to arrive before we ordered hummus with pita and a plain pita pizza as appetizers.  Joey, our server, was really sweet but I felt like the place was quite understaffed.  He was the only one really working aside from the kitchen crew. Once the rest of the crew arrived, we ordered more food and drink, but it took a really long time for the drinks to arrive and our orders came at different times.  We split three salads amongst the six of us and had a few orders of fries (sweet potato and regular) and two wraps.  The food was not amazing, but it was decent and moderately priced.  The sweet potato fries blew the regular crinkle cut fries away.Despite being full, Joey noticed that we were celebrating a birthday (Jared's), and generously brought out a box of Krispy Kreme donuts.  I later learned that the owner of BFC also owns the Krispy Kreme donut franchise next door... bonus for donut lovers!Overall, this place was A-OK - especially considering they just opened earlier this month.  I'd return eventually but I won't be rushing back immediately.  **If my brother convinces you to meet him there, take my advice and arrive fifteen minutes after the time you set to meet.
4	Went to Beauregard on a Saturday night as they were featuring a crawfish boil for $15. It was a great deal with crawfish, sausage, shrimp, potatoes, shrooms and corn all in the pot, and all you can eat. Good traditional Nawlins flavors and spice, washed down with an Abita Turbo Dog. Their menu is a bit limited and is a blend of Cajun and Southern. The best bet appears to be their daily specials, from Red Beans and Rice on Mondays to short ribs on Saturdays.
5	Sometimes you are lucky enough to have one of those dining experiences that is simply charmed -- where everything is in zone.  The food, the atmosphere, the drinks and company just comes together in sync.  I was lucky enough to find myself enjoying one of those charmed events earlier today at Beuregard Food Company.  This restaurant just opened in late January 2010, and I could not be more excited for this new find.  My group stopped in when we heard that Beauregard was doing a special crawfish & shrimp boil (all you can eat for $15).  Two in our party went with the crawfish, while I ordered the short rib special and another friend went the salad and hummus appetizer route.  Abita beer and wine flowed...If you've spent any time in New Orleans, you will understand what I say when I explain that Beauregard embodies the NOLA spirit.  Of course part of that spirit does involve indulging in food and drink -- and our group partnered with Beauregard on that one!  Of note:     1) My new obsession has now officially become the fried pickles appetizer, which quite simply rocked my world.  Where have fried pickles been all my life??  I can tell you right now that this is going to be an issue...I am going to be craving these things on a too-regular basis!     2) The crawfish/shrimp boil was not only tasty but also a magazine-photo-shoot-worthy presentation, complete with potatoes, andouille sausage, corn on the cob and onions.  I couldn't believe the quality and quantity of food -- truly a feast!  It sounds like they're going to try to do these boils on a ~monthly basis ongoing, so here's hoping!     3) The rest of our apps and entrees were solid, with nice flavors, large portions and a great value for what you get.     4) Dessert.  Now I am not really a sweet-tooth person, but get this:  Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding.  Dan, the owner of Beauregard, also essentially owns Krispy Kreme in AZ (including the store next door).  This dessert was devoured by our table in about 90 seconds -- after the first bite, all manners went out the window!  Genius, pure genius..Again, the best and most intangible part of our experience may have been the true NOLA vibe here -- relaxed with good people enjoying life.  We got to spend some time getting to know Dan, and I truly felt like I was a guest in his home.  His passion for food and true southern hospitality is so apparent, and so reflected in Beauregard, that I think it would be impossible to not fall in love.
2	Went on a Sunday and the fried chicken and mashed potatoes were highly recommended. I have had better frozen dinners. Dry chicken and flavorless mashed potatoes. The only good thing I had were the fried pickles. Everything else was just blahhhhhhhh.
5	Went there last night and had a lobster/crab boil.  Fantastic.  Reminded me of my days back home in South Mississippi.  Just like I would have cooked it.  Anyone from the deep south will love this place.  Just need to find a place to put a pier in.
5	Beauregard Food Co has recently updated their menu and it is a wonderful change. We have always enjoyed the Crawfish Boils (when in season) and the Lobster/Crab Boils. These are divine with big heaping platters of seafood cooked in the authentic Boil fashion. A whole Lobster, crab, shrimp andouille sauage, corn, mushrooms and potatoes. Nice heat and more than 2 can eat in one platter. All of this priced at $39! Unbelievable. So, we wandered in for our monthly "Boil" fix last evening and were surprised when the charming owner, Dan Brinton (aka Doughut Dan- he owns the Krispy Kreme next door and several more in town) greeted us with a new menu. It is simply divine. Formerly, there was a large emphasis on fried food. Now, the menu is decidely more focused on fresh food with a cajun emphasis.  We started with the Crab Salad app (served on fresh tomatoes) and it was delicious. Next we tried the Fried Green Tomatoes w/Shrimp Remoulade. Perfectly cooked and light. We sampled several new entrees including my favorite, Shrimp and Crawfish cheesecake, a savory delight that I will order next time. MELTS IN YOUR MOUTH. We then tried the Crawfish Crepes w/creamy crawfish filling, pear glaze, corn maquechoix and collards. True Southern heaven. Our son grabbed both grilled pears off of the plate! Moving to my hubby's favorite, the Shrimp and Grits were awesome. Cheddar grits; bacon, green onions, collards and a creamy cajun buerre blanc. We ended with a Banana Pudding that our son and my hubby literally lapped up! It is a great menu and I urge all of my Yelp friends to check them out.  They are staffed appropriately and it isa lively, fun experience.
5	We bought a coupon from Deal Chicken for $50 worth of fare for $25 and though we hadn't ever been to Beauregard before, the menu looked good and the few Yelp reviews seemed to suggest its worth.  We LOVE Cajun and Creole food and were excited to see this restaurant in the area.I have to say, we were the only couple in the restaurant (given, it was a Tuesday night at 8pm) but our service was PHE-NOM-E-NAL!  We were greeted by the Chef who was also our "server" for the evening.  I say "server" because he admitted it wasn't his prime role, but he was (and I have been in the food service industry for more years than I care to admit) the most attentive server/Chef I have ever had the pleasure of dining with.  Excelent crawfish/shrimp cheesecake!!  Sounds WEIRD... I know, but the gouda, green tomato, seafood taste was a melt in your mouth piece of fantastic!  The Chef actually brought out a "sample" of their steak for us to try as well.  My boyfriend actually cut it with his fork.  Peppery, savory and a little sweet.  Such a great move because next time we go back, that's what we'll be having.The prices were incredibly reasonable for what you get, and the atmosphere would be SUPER if more people knew about this place!  YOU HAVE TO TRY IT!!!  I can't wait to go back for one of these famous boils I've heard about!
4	Very good service and an enjoyable meal.  I'll gladly go back.
4	Food... 5 Stars!Service... 3 Stars.We just enjoyed a nice dinner on the patio with our Deal Chicken coupon and everyone absolutely loved the food.  Shrimp and Grits and Crusted Chicken between the three of us and everyone shared bites of each others dishes.  And we of course ended up splitting a Krispe Kreme Bread Pudding (uhm... YUM.   I dont even want to know the calories in this amazing desert.. just order it!)Dan (owner) was our part waiter and made sure to go out of his way for us to make up for the slow service (they had just fired 3 employees on Friday).  He even offered to go to the grocery store across the street to get me a soda that they didn't carry.  Talk about really great southern hospitality!   The food more than made up for the slow service, and on a beautiful night on the patio we weren't complaining about being able to socialize with each other while we waited.We will be back for sure.. probably for a Boil night and maybe even breakfast for the homemade biscuits Dan told us about.  If you are in the area... you must stop in here and have some good Cajun food, all made fresh to order and to your spice level!   Mmm.. Now we are thinking about planning a trip to Nola in our near future!
5	SOOOOOOO HAPPY that this restaurant has come to the West Valley.  Owner and staff are super friendly and the food is outstanding.  Hard to find this menu anywhere else in the valley.They just opened in Peoria a couple nights ago and I stopped in for Beignets!  Just like Cafe Du Monde in New Orleans.  Tonight was the official grand opening and I stopped back for a full dinner.  Friend Pickles are absolutely wonderful.  Black-Eyed Pea Hummus was great.  Crawfish PoBoy was superb.  Even the Chicken Fingers were fresh and full of meat!I am a fan and will be a regular!!!!
5	So glad there's finally a place in town that does beignets right!  And the food's not bad either!My husband and I went in just for beignets and coffee about a week ago (Excellent!) and tonight we went to try the actual food.  I had the BBQ Chicken Po-boy with sweet potato fries and my husband had the Gumbo.  Both were awesome!  The tzatziki on the po-boy was a pleasant surprise and the gumbo had a ton of sausage, chicken, and bits of ham in it.  Their sweet potato fries might be the best I've ever had - there's something about the way they season them that is just so good!And of course, there's no Beauregard without beignets for dessert!  Once again, absolutely perfect!
5	Beauregard Food Co. has Cafe du Monde beignets. And they fry them in cottonseed oil, just like Cafe du Monde. Do you need to know anything else? If you do, read on, but that's more than enough for me. The fact that their food is great too is just a bonus. ;)We just got back from New Orleans. Two weeks ago today, in fact. We spent a week there just eating our way through the city. Of course, we Yelped our way through there, hitting all the hot spots for cajun, creole, and Louisiana cuisine. (And of course, we ate an inordinate quantity of beignets.) We had a good time.So, when the beignet craving hit yesterday, we were out the door and on our way to Beauregard.We were a little surprised when we found it was in front of the Harkins theater, and the interior is a unique hybrid of sit-down restaurant, Chipotle, and Starbucks. Cool. I like a restaurant that can do it all.We went in late on a Wednesday evening, and while there were definitely other patrons there, it was pretty quiet. It was too cold to sit on the porch without a jacket, so we ordered and sat inside.I got the fried catfish. Husband got the fried chicken. We both got the sweet potato fries as our side.Best. Catfish. EVER. Catfish has an obnoxious tendency of either being gummy and non-cohesive, or tasting too strongly of mud. My catfish was the victim of neither. The fish fillets were large, firm, and fresh, with a nice flake and a perfect cornmeal crust. Tender, moist, and flaky on the inside. Flavorful and crispy on the outside. Perfectly golden. Outstanding. Their house tartar sauce is amazing, too--I don't usually like tartar sauce, and I could have eaten this with a spoon. So amazing. Lightly lemony, the right balance of thin and thick, with the nice addition of scallions. Bingo.Husband had the fried chicken tenders. The batter was similarly perfectly crisp and golden, and it was lightly seasoned, probably with a house cajun blend. The spiced aioli dipping sauce was good but a cajun aioli probably would have been the real ticket. The dip had a hint of cinnamon in it that wasn't our favorite. Sorry I don't have more to say. I was totally absorbed in my incredible catfish.The sweet potato fries had us distracted, too, though. Soft and fluffy inside, and crisp and seasoned outside, my husband--the sweet potato connoisseur, who orders them everywhere we go that they are available--proclaimed them the best he'd ever had. And he usually prefers them with cinnamon sugar. The cajun seasoning on these fries is a SLAM. FREAKING. DUNK. Perfect balance between the sweetness of the tuber and the salt and spices of the seasoning. They go so well together. I'd go back just to down a basket of those fries. (But I'd order beignets and catfish, too...)In short, the food was better than anything we ever had in New Orleans. Can't wait to try the jambalaya, the po boys, and other local favorites.Speaking of beignets, we were so tickled to see a whole shelf full of Cafe du Monde beignet mix boxes in the kitchen. When we ordered them, the chef mixed the dough up, rolled it out, and fried it to order. Cafe du Monde was still fresh on our palates--we probably ate their beignets half a dozen times or more while we were in NOLA earlier this month--and so we were anxious to see how these would be.They were fabulous. In fact, they might have been better--the dough at Cafe du Monde is slightly overworked. I'm sure they have to make it in huge mixers, which always risks overworking a delicate dough like beignets have. Because ours were freshly made to order, we enjoyed a more delicate beignet than we ever got to enjoy in NOLA, but the distinct Cafe du Monde taste--which comes from the addition of barley flour and buttermilk to the dough--was unmistakably there. Plus, the piles of powdered sugar on our beignets had been sifted at Beauregard, where it was just lumped on at Cafe du Monde.I asked about the waffles they serve, because Southern butter waffles are one of our favorite dishes, and their waffle is just a traditional, non-butter-enriched Belgian waffle. Toss some butter into that batter, guys, and we'll be in for breakfast, too!WHO DAT? Dat's Beauregard Food Co., and they's good. Go try 'em.
4	Ate here lastnight for the first time.  I had the shrimp in a basket. It had 10-12 delicious fried shrimp and a TON of the best sweet potato fries I've ever eaten.  My friend had the cajun stir fry that he said was excellent, though spicy.  It had shrimp and crawfish over rice. This is after all touted as Louisianna Cajun food, so one would expect spice.  The shrimp were not spicy at all - just wonderful. The price for the shrimp basket was $12 and for the portion size, well worth the money.  They also have beignets for dessert that they bake on the premises - they were okay, if you've had the "real" thing in New Orlean's at Dumond's, which I have, these were not equal to those, but these were okay.  I would very much recommend this restaurant, I know I'll be a frequent customer.
4	4 Stars is about right.  I've been there twice, and I am a fan!If you're there on a Sunday, try the Shrimp and Grits.  If you're not there on a Sunday, make plans to go there on a Sunday and try the Shrimp and Grits.Also, if you're not there on a Sunday, give the fried grits side item a try if you're into spicy sauces.  This sauce is hot, but good!If I were reviewing the Crawfish Po-Boy in New Orleans, I would say that it's a bit light on the crawfish and that they aren't all that plump and juicy.  But let's face it... I'm WAAAAAAAAY far west of New Orleans and this does just fine.  If you find a better Crawfish Po-Boy in Phoenix, please let me know.Any review of Beauregards should come with a warning (or two, or three).  So here it is...WARNING 1: Do not let the lack of other diners scare you away from trying this place.  In the two times I've been there I've seen a total of 4 other people in the place (not including the people working there).  Give it a try.  And then tell your friends about it.WARNING 2: They do not have their Liquor License yet.  They're working on it.WARNING 3: It's a little bit odd to order and pay at a cash register and then sit at a table with white linens.  But get over it.  The staff is friendly, the food is good, and you forget that it's a little awkward as soon as they set the food down.I'm looking forward to giving their Boil a go soon.  I hear that's spicy too.
3	It wasn't difficult to find this place since it was located in the same location as the old Krispy Kreme Arrowhead.  I have always thought it was such a waste of space just for donuts.  I really don't know what the concept of this restaurant is.  The tables are covered in white tablecloths and silverware wrapped in white linen napkins.  However, you order your food at the counter first then taken by the server to a table.  The menu panels hanged high above are hard to read; maybe I just need to put on my eyeglasses.  You can pay at counter or pay later.  We had a party of 6, and 3 of us had the Thursday special Crawfish Etouffee.  I wanted the oyster po-boy, but they were out.   How can you be out of oysters?  Is it not the right season?  The crawfish etouffee was rich, savory and spicy, though the portion size was small for $16.  A standout was the crawfish meat pie, a half-circle pastry crust made from scratch.  The meat pie is fried, but not greasy, and delicious.  Highly recommend the mashed sweet potato side that comes with the meat pie.  It was whipped with maple butter and very creamy.  Of course, we have to top with an order of beignets.  There were three tiny pieces per an order, not much to share it.  It was overly fried, not the best beignets.   The atmosphere is not pretentious and the service is friendly. You should visit here at least once if you are in the area.
3	Per the website you can make a reservation, so for 7pm for 6 people I figure safe than sorry.  I called two days ahead and made a reservation.  When I walk into the place, I was confused about the concept of this restaurant.  You order at the counter then pay.  The employee will bring your drinks to your table, but the tables are covered in white tablecloths and silverware wrapped in white linen napkins.  Kind of like a better version of the Paradise Bakery?  So we each lined up and ordered our entrees and drink.  We agreed to order desert after we eat.  I ordered the combo basket (catfish, chicken, and fries).  The employee set up tables for us, so we sat.  We noticed they are A bakery, A bar for outside patio, and they serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Kind of crazy, seems they want to cover all bases of everything.  The combo basket was $12, I got 1 piece of catfish and 2 pieces of chicken and a handful of fries.  The catfish and fries were good!!!  The chicken was soggy.  The price was high for the amount of food I got.  We ordered 2 orders of beignets (3 pieces per order).  They were fried a little too long and they were too chewy.  I have had better beignets.  So overall the food was ok, service was great, and the concept is confusing.  2.5 for food but the service rounded it up to 3 stars for me.
3	We went to Beauregard's for dinner last night.  the food was good, the service sucked!  The order taker at the register needed several try's to get the order straight.  We had a problem with one of the meals, talked to the owner, and he could not or didn't know how to make it right!  Table service is terrible!  Either it's a sit down restaurant or a fast food joint, it can't be both!!!  Over all rating - average, the food was good, service sucked!!!!
3	Too pricey.... $40.00 for lunch, two sandwiches and an order of fried green tomatoes with shrimp. and a sof drink ....Food was pretty good.... Crawfish sandwich a little dry, and bready. Shrimp sandwich was good.Salad was best deal with sandwich for a side. Green tomatoes were $12.00, thought there would be a big plate of them, only three slices.They come with shrimp and that was odd, thought we were just ordering fried green tomatoes, menu wasn't very clear on that. Why cant you just get an order of fried green tomatoes? Very limited menu.
5	Awesome food! Sweet potato fries are worth the trip by themselves!
1	Not very impressed!  It was a confusing set up.....white table cloths but self service?  Placed orders that they could not seem to get right.....took a long time to get food yet not very busy....some orders still messed up.  Drove here from S. Phoenix but will not be back!
1	Worst kingcake ever. Dry, hard, uneven, didn't even have the baby in the cake! Ordered it with cream cheese filling and there were no filling! Service sucked. The blonde at the register was rude and clueless on the phone (yelled across the kitchen to ask something she didn't know about). Sounded very unprofessional. Called a few times for the manager, but the blonde probably never delivered the message.
4	I'm a fan of this spot.  I've tried the Cajun Stir Fry, Shrimp and Grits, Coffee, Cookies and a few other items.  The spice in the Cajun Stir Fry is damn good and my family loves the Sweet Potatoe Frys.  I'll be back again to try something different.  Keep up the good work!
2	This place couldn't make it at McCormick Ranch and I predict that they won't make it through the summer at their Arrowhead location.  My wife and I went in on a Saturday night but were tentative to do so since neither the name of the restaurant nor any of the signage provide any clue to the type of cuisine they offer.Upon entering the restaurant I was I immediately optimistic because the decor and layout were very appealing.  However, my period of optimism was short lived when a waitress told us we had to go to the counter to order.  Was I in a nice restaurant or Carls Jr.?My wife ordered a fried seafood basket which she seemed to enjoy and I had an oyster po boy that was very good.  The oysters were not overcooked, which is usually the case, and the heirloom tomatoes as topping are a great idea.  I wish them the best of luck because I really enjoyed my meal but unfortunately a place in the Arrowhead area that only has 10 customers on a Saturday night isn't going to be able to keep the lights on for long.  I would recommend the owner really consider changing from counter service to table service so the full bar they tucked away in the back can begin generating some revenue and hang some more descriptive signage so people walking or driving by have an idea of what awaits them inside.
3	*****CLOSED*****Sad. I found the food and service to be hit or miss...but didn't expect them to be GONE.
5	I am so sorry this closed.  Dan's restaurant was clean, the food exceptional, and their service was excellent.  I hope he opens another something because this was hands down the best Cajun food in Phoenix.
