5	The best thing about this salon is the stylist Tayla Hart. She is amazing with color and cuts. I go in looking like crap and come out looking like a million bucks. I will never go to another stylist!
5	I recently to changed salons to follow my hair stylist; Daniela.Daniela is my choice for stylist of the year.  She cuts my hair so well it looks great for  6+ weeks.  Every suggestion she has given me  for changes have produced multiple compliments from others.I now have my eyebrow waxing and pedicures done here as well and am very pleased by the staff.
3	I FINALLY used a gift card I received almost 5 years ago! I don't know why I held off so long. I did call them a while back to check if it expired and they never do! Good for procrastinators. Anyway, I actually had two gift cards. One for $100 which I let my daughter use for a massage (her first) and a manicure! Kept her entertained while I used my other GC for a HALF DAY SPA PACKAGE! HA! Facia, massage, mani and pedi! What a grat day we had! I knew their services were pricey, so I was prepared to tip everyone and pay a little bit for my dtrs services since it was over the $100 GC. That facial was amazing! The aesthitician was wonderful. Her name is Michelle! Very friendly, knowledgeable and gentle! I highly recommend her! My massage was also good! Elaine, I think was her name and she was very quiet. I like my massage therapists to NOT talk so I can relax, so this was great. Some want to chat the whole time. The mani/pedi gal, sorry I forgot her name, was a hoot! Fun, very good with my teen age daughter and patient while she picked her nail colors. That was my first pedicure and I didn't realize it was so thorough! Competely enjoyed that! I appreciated that she was concerned about me trying to get out of the chair with my toes still wet! HAHA My daughter got a laugh out of that too! Overall good experience! I sure wish these services won't so darned expensive, because I would certainly be a regular! I can't speak to thei haircuts or other services, but like others have commented those gals wear booty shorts and wife beater tank tops...not impressed! I though flip flops were against the health code, so I was leary of that. Also I watched one gal do several customers without ever sweeping her area in between.
5	Wendy did a great job with my nails and even came out to my home because I have a broken knee to do them.   She really knows what she is doing and loves her job. I recommend her to anyone wanting Natural Looking Nails.    Thanks Wendy....  Amy
5	I just had the best hair cut.  Gena took the time to ask me what I wanted and also gave me suggestions.  I got the best hair wash, and style.  I would recommend Gena to anyone who wants a real pro.  Thanks, JH
5	I moved here a year ago and finding someone to do my hair has been hard. Lets face it, there is nothing wrong with being vain about making your hair look good. Rhonda gave me a great cut and the color is fantastic! I have been back again and she is very consistent, that's important to me. Now I am thinking of trying some of their other services too. But try Rhonda, her work area is cool too with all the pin up girl stuff( in a totally cool way)
1	I normally don't write reviews but felt this one is necessary. I had an allergic reaction to hair dye and had to go to the ER a few months back.  I thought to myself this can't be happening since I am starting to get gray hair. I called Tracy at Euphoria and explained to her in detail my situation. I told her about my allergic reaction to hair dye and how I ended up in the ER with blisters. Itching, burning and swelling. Long story short she said she had a couple products that she thought would work. I told her I was nervous and she said that I was being paranoid and put sweet and low in the hair dye and said that would help.  A few hours after getting home I started  to feel itching and burning! I ended up getting a reaction again and had to take Benedryl for 4 days straight every four hours! I was a zombie and so uncomfortable and in pain! My head was so sore and felt like it was on fire. Tracy texted me asking how I was doing and I told her what happened. Her response was " Sorry I thought it would work ". After talking to others that are in the hair business they said she should of done a patch test before ever dying your hair!! Anytime someone comes to you saying they had an allergic reaction that's the first thing they should have done! I told Tracy that I was upset about the situation and she told me she went above and beyond for me by going to the store to pick up hair dye for me. WHAT???? I asked for a refund since I was miserable for a week and she said she didn't think  it was necessary to give me a refund nor did she offer a partial refund and said at the end of the day neither one of us would be happy. Again WOW! why wouldn't she be happy? She got her $100!! I also left the salon with hair dye stain 2 1/2 inches from my scalp all over my face! It wouldn't come off! I was very unhappy with my experience and no one should ever feel that money was more important then your clients well being! :-(
5	I'm getting my nails done by Toni while my normal tech, Wendy, is out recovering from surgery. Toni is so very sweet and does a wonderful job with gel nails. She's very creative with nail art as well. Too bad she's only a part-time tech....
5	Love the way Tracy cuts and colors my hair! She listens to what you want and will do whatever it is, but she's not afraid to tell you something isn't a good idea either and why. Wendy usually does my nails but is out for medical reasons so Toni does great work in her absence. Couldn't be happier here!!
5	I love this salon. Great front desk. Very welcoming. All the girls are very helpful to each other. I love Leslie to get my nails done  she does amazing gels. Her pedicures are the best and so relaxing the pedicure chairs are the best!
5	Went here, today, for the first time. I needed a Brazilian wax- the girl I had been going to previously at a different business quit and I was unimpressed with the girl they booked me with next. So I called here and made an appointment, by default I was booked with Jodi. She is AWESOME! I was concerned from the beginning because they were out of numbing cream- I have ALWAYS had to use that! She did a fantastic job and was done in about EIGHT MINUTES!!! EVERY other time I have had a Brazilian it has taken around 40 minutes and I am in excruciating pain by the time it's done. I didn't even have time to think about the pain! Fantastic job Jodi! If I can help it I will not go to ANYONE else for this service in the future! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5	Love Love LOVE this place!!! :) Every visit I am always greeted with a smile at the front desk. I have been going to Daniella for over a year now and each time she is just as professional as the last. I am always very thrilled with my color and cut. I have also seen her for a regular manicure and they are always AMAZING! I would highly recommend her!! :)
5	I am actually impressed. I have visited several salons in the north Vegas area and was less than impressed. Euphoria actually had me at hello.  I set up my hair appointment about 3 days ago and went in this morning with my stylist ready and waiting on me. We went back, talked style, color and length then headed off for what seemed to be the best wash and scalp massage...EVER!! My stylist, I believe her name was Courtney (I'm horrible with names), got straight to work on my hair. We talked like we had known each other for years and she filled me in on all of the services the Euphoria has to offer. Before I knew it, she had given me a great cut and style. Everyone was very professional yet personable.   Though it was a Friday morning, the place was packed out with what seemed to be very happy customers. I'm excited to go back and try some of the other services and to have my hair done again!
5	I recently decided to go here to get my first bikini wax in awhile. Another person recommended Jodi and I decided to go with her. I was able to get an appointment pretty quickly and Jodi is amazing. She was so quick and it was fair less painful than previous ones. I highly recommend her. She is amazing and super friendly. I will be visiting her again for sure!
5	I've only gotten my hair done here a few times, so can't review any of the other services.  But Gina B. is great with highlights, and I have darker brown hair so there's always that chance they will end up brassy or just plain orange.  But with Gina that's not been an issue!   The first time I saw her, I also had old color, ( the bad, do it yourself, bought it at the drugstore color ).  Gina was still able to give me great highlights, AND leave my hair in great shape!   I also love the cut.  She's very passionate about hair and isnt happy till you are -
5	Thought I should finally write a review for my go-to gal, Jodi. I've been going to her for over a year for waxing. She's amazing; she's sweet, personable, and does a perfect job. She also puts on a nice soothing lotion product after eyebrows to help cool the skin, which is perfect for me because I have very sensitive skin. She also puts baby powder on after a wax in the downtown area to soothe the skin down there. She's wonderful, and I continue to go to her when I come back for vacations home!
