5	Ya another chain, I know but get over it!This location is almost never busy.  It's tucked away next to Sauce and on the other side of The Living Room.  I am always greeted with a friendly hello and served promptly.  This location is super clean too.  I cannot stand it when the soda station is sticky and messy but not here....they keep it very clean and organized.  They don't have as many items on their menu but what they have they do very well.  The bread is always fresh and the veggies are crisp.  I'm guessing they do a good business at lunchtime due to the other businesses around them.  I've been in on off hours and I'm usually the only one there or there is one other person.  Overall this is a great location!
4	4 star sandwiches, 2 star sides.Both the potato & macaroni salads were sweet, and that's not my bag, baby.Ham & turkey on sourdough was good.  The turkey, bacon & avocado on wheat was amazing, but next time it will be turkey, bacon & avocado on sourdough.
1	Subway is better any day!
5	Disclaimer: I am a regular here and always come with good company, so life seems better!THE FOODSandwiches. Hot and cold. I prefer cold and they make them just fine. I would say the sandwiches are not soggie like Subway's gets to be. Quiznos bread to me is a bit better. Smoothies are also quite good for the price. Prices are reasonable.SETTINGThis is a typical corner sandwich shop. Tables are clean, the place is well lit and it doesn't feel crowdedSERVICEAlways good and patient even if you somehow manage to forget what you were about to order. If you are a regular, your sandwich might even be made without you saying anything.OVERALLGood place to have lunch. Getting every 12th sandwich for free as part of their loyalty "eater" program makes it that much better.
1	I ordered a 12" sub, asked to get it toasted and they put it in panini press. It was so thin I couldve put it in my wallet! Plus the have  a limited variety of veggies. Total $8! worst $8 I ever spent, never going back! I took pics of this crappy sandwich wish I could post them.
2	It pains me to write this because I have never had a bad experience at a Port of Subs. However, this store became the exception to my rule this week. I went at lunch time so it was understandably busy but I wasn't greeted or acknowledged until I was served. I order the vegetarian sandwich. This is where my visit went downhill. This particular location only has one meat/cheese cutter--which means that the meat AND the cheese are sliced on the same machine--which means that even their "vegetarian sandwich" is going to have meat goo on it. BUMMER. This is a deal breaker for me but because I had already waited so long to be served I didn't have time to go anywhere else to get food. As I was checking out, I was charged for the avocado I asked for on my sandwich even though it states on the menu that it is included. The less-than-helpful cashier argued with me about it and at the end, I still ended up getting charged. Absolutely, positively will not be returning to this location.
4	This place is close to work so I've been here a bunch of times. It's always fresh and reasonbly fast. The sandwiches just have a really good flavor. I think that they taste better than Subway.
5	Wow...prolly the best sub I have had in awhile!
2	I really wasn't impressed with the service or the food.
5	This location catered a business lunch today for me.Food fresh and tasty. Terrific value and service.YumI highly recommend using them.
4	We tried Port of Subs (our usual sub spots are Jersey Mike's and Firehouse) and really liked it.  The service was superb.  The sub was made to our order, and was just right.  We bought 3 feet of the sub number 1 on white, and the bread was soft and moist.  I will definitely return to this location.  And, they laughed at my dumb jokes during the ordering process - that in itself is a big plus!
5	I have never been inside the restaurant. I work close by and order delivery often. It's always exactly what I ordered and on time. Easy online ordering and tasty sandwiches with lots of variety.  Better than subway and Quiznos
4	Well since I literally work up the street from port of subs I decided to give it a try because subway on alma school and queen creek is always packed and I wasn't a fan of planet subs on Germann and Dobson. Looked up their menu before I went on lunch to get an idea of the food and saw they had a 'pilgrim griller'. Turkey, stuffing and cranberry sauce all on a piece of bread? UHM yes please. I basically cram my thanksgiving dinner into rolls anyways (bread is a great vessel for shoving large amounts of food into ones mouth) so it would be like a little thanksgiving dinner for me. Walked in at 1 pm on a Thursday. Only one guy sitting there and it was nice and quiet. Ordered my pilgrim on sourdough with provolone, lettuce, *thinly sliced* pickle, tomatoes, olive, peppers and pepper. Took one bite and fell in love. The combo of sagey stuffing with the thin turkey and veggies and the sweet cranberries and tangy (fresh) sourdough bread definitely hit the spot! I got a medium which was HUGE. More than enough food if you order chips and a drink too.Overall not a bad place for lunch that's close to work and pretty cheap on the wallet and I will definitely be back for the pilgrim (damn limited time only bs)!
2	Not so hot. Been in their for pick up several times, was Ok. Kind of baffled as to why, when I used their online order for delivery, it accepted my order and no order arrived. Called and found out why. They made the order, but they don't delivery on weekends. Not delivery on Saturday? Really? Aren't Friday and Saturday heavy revenue days? Can't really believe that when an online order occurred clearly stating delivery and they did not delivery, they still made it? Very disappointing that even basic curiosity isn't extended to at least call and inform the customer no food.
4	I love the freshness of this sandwich. The pickles are so yummy! Can't wait to go back!
4	best sandwiches in the whole valley. Great sandwiches very consistent
5	I love Port of Subs! I have never been disappointed whenever I have went for a sandwich.  Very consistent and fresh! Staff is very friendly and personable
