4	Arizona's first badminton gym! I go to college in California where there are tons of badminton gyms, so it's great that Phoenix (my hometown) finally has a gym of it's own! Now instead of a few set hours in community rec centers, badminton lovers can drop in and play any time of the day! They have monthly/annual membership options, or drop-in day rates.My only gripe is that the facility is very small, and feels rather closed in. There are only 4 courts, and they are very close together. Of course funding a badminton gym is expensive, but I'm hoping once it becomes more established they can afford to expand!
5	Unbelievable place! Everything is designed for badminton: the court lighting, the wall painting, the ceiling, clearance, and the A/C flow.Thanks to Warren, the Pro-Shop is now stacked with all you can wish for!Guy, the Director is one of the nicest genuine person you will ever meet.The quality of the people both at badminton and as a person easily makes AzBC my second home. I love spending time there any day of the week.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED - even if you just discovered about badminton.
5	You won't know how much FUN it is until you try it!Drop-in Kids Class, Mon at 445p: FUN!Drop-in Adult Fundamentals Class, Thurs at 5p: FUN!My boy and me are new to badminton and have only been playing since Sept. I can't believe how much he enjoys it and has improved. I was even more surprised to discover that I really like it. The staff here is very friendly, supportive and knowledgeable!
5	This place is great. I have seen people from all cultures and ages play badminton there. The owner is down to earth and creates a relaxing fun atmosphere. It seems that they center is trying to create the next generation of players, which is great for the sport.
4	I'm from California where Badminton is a bit more accessible than here in Arizona. However this place was a gem to find. I am not so good at badminton myself but I know that my boyfriend will be stoked to hear that I found this place. (He lives in California and travels here to visit me)There are a total of 4 courts at this gym and it has a honor system with rotations.  Which is typically respected especially if you're a good player. However if you're novice and didn't spend over $60 on a racket... You better arrive at 6pm sharp when they have their free courts to novice and pro players. I wish this gym was larger but I guess I am spoiled by the courts of Balboa park in San Diego.  The owner is extremely nice and the prices on merchandise is relatively decent.WHY THIS PLACE DOESN'T GET A FULL 5 STARS...limited court space and the fact that it only has 4 courts so if you're looking to have fun and pick up badminton I'd buy a park net and practice there before you can earn the respect of fellow players.If I had the money I would pay for a membership and take lessons so I could be one of those "good players" and afford the $100+ rackets. The complimentary shuttlecocks were great. They also have feathered ones available free of charge! Overall this is a great place to go just wish there were more than four courts....
