2	A disappointment. While there are extensive vegan options that look, sound, and smell truly amazing, Chuch simply does not deliver the goods. The "large" (CAN 10$) was anything but--it is filling, but only because of the high quantity of oil. And that's just kind of disgusting. Despite the fact that the food was decently flavored, I was incredibly underwhelmed with my experience here, especially after being told it was one of the best vegan spots in the city. That couldn't be further from the truth. I'd say it is, without a doubt, hugely overrated. Here's the deal: the food is all reheated in a microwave; it's expensive for the portion (and for being, well, microwaved); and while the flavors vary from average to quite good, the dishes are all dripping with grease. It tasted good initially, but it left me feeling kind of gross. The more veggie places I tried in this wonderful city, the less I liked my meal at Chuch. The food is fine, at best, and  with all of the other phenomenal restaurants within walking distance--the vastly superior Le Faim du Monde is right next door--I can't think of a reason to eat here.
5	Chuch is one of the things I miss most about Montreal. The mock meat is the best I've had in Canada. I highly recommend trying the peanut mock chicken and the red curry mock duck. They're absolutely to die for and the service tends to be reasonably quick and courteous. I know it seems expensive (it is, a little) but it's totally worth it!
2	Something about microwaving each dish really bugs me.Alex S. said it in 2008 and most of what he said rings true with me 2 years (and several visits) later.  The flavours can be pretty tasty if it's not one of the plates dripping in grease, and if you're really stuck for a vegetarian lunch in the area, you can take a chance on their daily lunch special.  Otherwise, for what it is, I do find it pretty overpriced.Maybe eating-in is the key - the dining room is lovely for a decent place to catch-up with old friends over a weekday lunch.  But overall, I much prefer either of the two other restaurants serving asian mock meat on St-Denis (one at Sherbrooke and one right above Maryanne).
3	Chuchai et Chuch is the express version of their restaurant Chuchai.  The food here is mediocre to say the least. Pony up the money and just go to their regular restaurant instead (located right next door),  You food is a lot better there and cooked to order rather than heated up in a microwave. Been here a couple of times, and although it's nice if you're on the go, it's just not worth it in terms of the quality of the food.
1	This food is simply substandard when you take into consideration the price that they're asking. If you want really salty fake meat, average concepts, flavourless yet overly salty sauces, microwaved food (I know right?!?) served by slow wait staff, bad music and uncomfortable plastic chairs this is right up your dystopian alley and is probably just the place for you. I really don't know how they have existed for so long seeing as how there are so many excellent vegetarian restaurants in the Plateau, let alone the entire city. If East Asian vegetarian cuisine is what you're looking for, don't get it here ... go somewhere else like Yuan Vegetarian or Su Shian Yuang. Sorry to be so harsh but I tells it like it is. Peace.
