5	A FIVE star cobbler, this guy does amazing work with shoes. My wife goes through heels like water and I typically need to take in at least one pair a month. Never more than $10, the work is perfect and I've yet to have to take in the same pair of shoes a second time. I've also had two of my own pairs shined up and they were iridescent.He always seems busy working, so I've never pressed him for "while-I-wait" service. The ticket is always for two or three days hence and they have always been ready at the promised time.Excellent work and at a very fair price - the shop is located in the back, behind Michael's.
5	Just picked up shoes my boss had resoled.  They look excellent, the price was great. The guy that works here is hard working, friendly and polite.
4	Tucked in the very rear of Park Road Shopping Center, adjacent to a dancing school, sits the little cobbler shop that could.  It's not much to see, being mainly a disheveled and cluttered counter with a few retail items for sale that clearly have been collecting dust for awhile, but the sole shop owner and worker knows exactly what he is doing and works for an extremely fair price.I've had more than a couple pair of dress shoes completely resoled here and my wife always manages to have a few pair of heels that need either new taps or heavier reconstruction done.  The owner can quickly take a look at your shoes and tell you what he can and can't do, and whether that it would be worth it for the price charged.  All shoe work comes with a fresh polish, which is always appreciated, especially from a guy who works in a suit every day of the week.  The owner won't talk too much, but he is friendly and very fair in his assessments.  The shop can also work on other leather items as well.  This typically includes belts and the occasional ladies purse that needs some small sewing repair work.  In any case, I'm not aware of any work that is done on the spot.  Rather, the owner will take your name and phone number and give you a yellow ticket with a day to return- which is usually 3-4 business days.  My work has always been done when promised and there has never been any surprise "up charges" when it came time to settle up.This shop has won my business and I'll return frequently.  If you have quality leather goods that need some repair work, this shop should make your short list.  Bravo.
