4	If Jared weren't such a dork, Subway may have gone for five. They recently boosted their rating in my book considerably by taking a queue from Quizno's and allowing you the option to toast any of their subs. I am still partial to the old classic, the Subway Melt, though I have rarely been disappointed by any of even their most boring sandwiches. I'm glad that Subway has stuck around.
4	For a Subway.. This is the best one I have been to. It's right by my office, so I have only been there during lunch time. The staff is awesome. I am always greeted when entering. The workers are fast, and get your order right every time. One of their employees during the lunch shift seems to keep it all together. He manages the other employees well ,and is extremely friendly. Not sure what his name is.. but someone needs to give the black dude with the earrings a big raise. As far as Subway goes, this one is the best-
4	This Subway has the nicest, friendliest staff EVER (the african-american guy always has a smile for me and I love it!).  Even when they are super busy, they work fast and always get my sandwich right.  Go right at 11 or after 12:30 to avoid the crazy lunch rush.
4	As far as Subway's go, this one is better than most than I have been to. I frequent this Subway quite often as it is the closest Subway to my office. The candor from the "sandwich artists" is always refreshing. You can tell most of them actually enjoy their jobs. Once I found a piece of plastic in my sandwich. You know when you open a bag of turkey and the edges of the bag are all tough to break open? A sliver of that ended up in my sandwich. The manager was quick to act and ended up making it a non-issue for me. I appreciated how he took charge and took care of it. Just another reason why I go back.
1	I work around the corner and go here sometimes for a quick lunch. I've never had a problem here until today. I walk in, order my flat bread, sit down and BAM! In my sandwich is a HUGE grasshopper just jammed in there with the head popping out! I didn't freak out outwardly just calmly walked over to the cashier and showed her my sandwich. She joked that it's just a "little extra protein" but would make me a new sandwich. News flash...this is AMERICA, nobody wants to eat that kind of "protein" at Subway! My stomach is still hurting from the sight and for my trouble was offered "2 free cookies". Great, thanks. All in all, I will never come back and probably would never eat at Subway again!
