1	OK so after reading the obviously fake "first review" I thought I'd check it out, I mean Heck who doesn't Love a cupcake!I walk in, wasn't greeted, The counter girl had the personality and social skills of a Sloth. I asked a few questions about the store and the cupcakes and all I got was a "yeah" and a blank stare.I decided on a Lemon and a Red Velvet.I wasn't even asked if I would like to eat in their rather large and empty seating area, instead I was handed a paper bag with my two cupcakes snuggled inside(not even a box)............WTH..................I would have liked to been able to sit down and eat these with a fork. She didn't even give me a napkin or direct me to silverware and there were none around that I could see, so I just left.In the car I eagerly took out my cakes, Red Velvet= if this cake was any drier it would be Phoenix and the supposed cream cheese frosting was all powder sugar and nasty sweet.Lemon= just as unappealing as the RedV, Maybe I should open my own Cupcake shop??? Or a cupcake Workshop even, and teach these posers a thing or 10!I'll give an A for effort because the place is really cute but it stops there.In the style of the Soup Nazi, I declare "No Stars For You!"
4	German. Chocolate. Cupcake.  Amazing!The cake part: Moist, not overly sweet.  The frosting (my fav part!):  As creamy-delicious as it looked and was evenly proportioned to the size of the cupcake (not 3-inches of sickeningly sweetness).  I also couldn't resist sampling their Pumpkin cupcake as well.  Also amazing & moist.  The cream cheese frosting was an absolute delight.  We stopped in about 7pm on a Friday night.  The place was deserted, but the display cases still held a plethora of desserts....wonder what they do with the day-olds....? :-)
4	OMG can you find the wet spot?A girl at work brought in 4 cupcakes this morning for Jenni and I.  Jenni was given the role of cutting them in half for the two of us to try each one. The first was a red velvet.  The cream cheese frosting actually tasted like cream cheese.  Rich but not *too* rich.  The cake was moist and fell apart as soon as the wrapping came off.  I mean, if you can't get a little dirty while eating a cupcake, what's the point???The second was coconut.  Jenni cut this one a little lop-sided because her favorite is coconut.  Whatever!  The cake was white and very moist also.  I like that there isn't too much frosting.  The top was sprinkled with coconut.  Yummy!Ah, the chocolate.  The frosting had very chocolaty flavor.  Like fresh cocoa powder or something.  The cake was also chocolate and really moist, like the rest.Finally, the white cupcake.  It was OK.  The frosting tasted like...frosting.  Again, the white cake was super moist.  WAY better than Sprinkles!!!!  If you're in NoSco, screw the lines at Sprinkles.  Go to Scottsdale Bakery and Cupcake Company!And pick me up another red velvet.  Jenni's lopsided half-cut isn't fair on my part.
4	Yum! I used to stop here once a week when I lived nearby. Unfortunately I've moved and can't stop by as frequently. Good for my wallet and waistline but not so good for my sweet tooth.I really liked the Goldie which was a banana cake with brown sugar frosting but unfortunately they took it off the menu.My other favorite is the Junior Mint with chocolate mint cake and mint frosting. I was scared because for a while it seemed like it was off the menu permanently but it sounds like they're bringing it back on just Fridays.Some of their other flavors seem hit or miss to me. Sometimes the cake is a bit dry. The Pumpkin was very good but I'm worried its a seasonal flavor. For some reason the cream cheese frosting on the Pumpkin tasted good, but the same cream cheese frosting with the red velvet wasn't a good combination to me.The cupcakes are $2.50 each which I feel is a good price. They also have a selection of cookies and other pastries. The muffins are good. Personally I didn't like the cinnamon roll. I also tried the sticky roll (not sure if that's the right name) and the ooey gooie bar but they seemed overly sweet.
4	Freaking adorable.I am always on the hunt for places peddling tasty treats as well as adorable packaging ( I worked in advertising in a former life).  I am well aware that packaging adds to the price in most cases but I am a total sucker, which leads me to The Scottsdale Bakery and Cupcake Company.The tasty confections are not the only things dripping with sugary sweetness!  The shop itself is quite pink and girly, my husband would never venture in here without some measure of awkwardness.  The women who run the shop are extremely helpful and creative, showing me many of the things that they can do in terms of gift ideas and trays for my clients.  Everyone was a pleasure to speak with.I ended up buying a dozen and a half assorted cupcakes for about $57.00.  A tad high for all of that cuteness but did I mention that I am a sucker for packaging?  I gifted these little cakes to an office who just went crazy for them.  They were almost too cute to eat but once they all dug in they could not say better things.As I mentioned, the price is a tad high but the payoff is well worth it.  I will definately be coming back.
5	Lately my BF has been stopping by on the way home from work to pick up cupcakes for me. It seems like the Junior Mint is back on a semi-regular basis. I still love it as much as before. They also have a new pink peppermint cupcake that was very tasty. The Goldie is now banana cake with banana frosting and the new version isn't as good as the old.My BF has tried a bunch of the cupcakes including the carrot cake, german chocolate, lemon, and Sophie (like a hostess cupcake). He says they're all good.Unfortunately they've raised their prices a bit so I think the cupcakes are now $2.95. But don't hold me to that.
2	What a disappointment.  Since my husband and I were out in Scottsdale for the most recent OYE, we decided to stop by a cupcake shop to indulge.  We settled on this place because of it's proximity to where we already were.The store on the inside is cute with pale pink and black decor.  The girls working leave A LOT to be desired.  We didn't get so much as a Hi, or Welcome, or even a What can I get for you?.  It was bad.  Anyway, after a couple moments of awkward silence, the husband and I ordered a Red Velvet, a Peanut Butter, and a German Chocolate.  Sadly, there isn't much to tell you about the taste because you've probably had it all before.  There is no way these cupcakes are made from scratch.  Each and every one tasted like a Betty Crocker cupcake.  At least they were well executed boxed cupcakes.  They are also extremely wasteful when it comes to packaging.  Instead of finding one box or bag or whatever for our three cupcakes, each cupcake was individually packaged in a too large chinese takeout box with a handle.  What a shame.  At least Sprinkles uses recycled materials.This makes me sad.  In a world where cupcake shops pop up everywhere, and a good portion of them make their goods from scratch, you have to bring competition if you are going to get my vote.  I make cupcakes from scratch and I make them quite well, so I know what tastes good.  I even give Sprinkles better marks than this place.  At 3 dollars a cupcake, I expect high quality ingredients.  I tasted none of that.  Too bad.  Go to another cupcake shop instead.
2	This place or Sprinkles?  Hmmm...neither.  They looked better than they tasted was the theme once again.  I love sweets but really am becoming sour on the cupcakes available.  Again, grocery store cupcakes would have been better.  We tried the Red Velvet, Lemon, and Cherrie.  They left us less than impressed.  The cookies we tried, at a hefty $6.50 for a small bag, were just ok.  Oh well, maybe the next cupcake place to open will wow us.
1	You would think that paying $18 for 6 cupcakes would guarantee you at least as good as Duncan Hines.   Sadly, this is not so.   The buttercream frosting was greasy and heavy, and the chocolate cake was dry.   We ordered these for my son's first birthday and I'm frankly pleased that he was too young to be disappointed.     The shop is cute, the staff is obnoxious, and I'll be surprised if this place lasts.   Niche businesses survive when they are consistently good at what they do.   Scottsdale Bakery & Cupcake Company - I hope you improve.   Love the concept, hate the service and the product.
4	Disclaimer: I didn't actually *go* to the store, but instead was the lucky recipient of a straggling vanilla cupcake, bestowed upon me by a coworker after all the good ones were gone.Now, I love me a cupcake. Just like pizza, there is no bad cupcake.This cupcake was smallish, and since I don't know how much they are, I can't comment on the so-important price-size ratio. There was not a ton of icing, which I prefer. Too many places try to cover up a mediocre cake with gobs and gobs of vile buttercream icing. The icing wasn't too slimy or fatty as buttercreams often are. Nice, light vanilla flavor.The cake...... amazing. It was a tick on the dry side (maybe a consequence of its travels to my work) but the flavor? Incredible. Rich, velvety vanilla, with hints of almond and caramel. I mean, KILLER. If I ever find myself in that corner of the Valley, you can be certain I'll stop in, but I don't think it's worth a special drive from central Phoenix.
4	Great Sweet Treats! Who can't love a little bit of Cake? They have both great cakes here as well as really cool little fresh baked daily cup cakes. This little store is very clean and so nice and unique. I would have given it 5 stars but they were out of milk! You gotta have milk with cake, am I right?!
4	I am really surprised by the negative reviews this sweet spot has gotten?I recently was stuck with my MAC needing repair, and stopped into this is  little place as it was next door.* The bakery is very cute, and well laid out. * The staff ?? well she was a teenage girl left to run the place and didn't really have a love for customers that an owner would.* I was disappointed that they didn't have sugar free syrups for their espresso*** BUT they are a cupcake shop and the cakes we got were very yummy!! The decorated cakes they had on display were adorable!!Overall it was a very pleasant experience, and I love to see something  like this that isn't so cookie cutter.
1	BEWARE! I have never left a review for anything online! But this could not go without a warning to other Mom's!After nearly a month of email correspondece, I ordered a train shaped cake from this company for my son's 3rd birthday.  A rectangle cake with a screen print was dropped off at the party.  Immediately called the delivery girl and said the wrong cake was dropped off and she said she had nothing to do with it but would notify the owner.  I proceeded to spend the whole party trying to call with no response.  Finally got a phone call the next day from A BLOCKED NUMBER, and the  owner Liz who said she would refund me $20?  She also let me know that I should have immediately called the delivery girl and had her pick up the cake??  And had a 3yr old with no birthday cake??  DIRECT QUOTE: " IF YOU WERE SOO DISAPPOINTED WHY DIDNT YOU CALL THE DELIVERY GIRL BACK AND HAVE HER PICK UP THE CAKE"! This woman is nuts.. She never addressed the issue that she had made the wrong cake or apologized.  She even had the nerve to tell me I should be grateful because no other cake company in Phoenix would have done a train shaped cake for $95! HELLO,,, NEITHER DID YOU!! I am now dealing with my credit card company...THERE IS A REASON THIS COMPANY NO LONGER HAS A STORE FRONT!
1	This place is a con-job rip off !! Beware !  Beware Beware !Scary enough all i would have to do is reference the prior review about the woman with the train cake. Our experiences were identical as was the response of the company.We had a birthday party planned for our son, coordinated the cake for weeks.  I had a graphics person make a great image to print on the cake and sent it in. The owner Liz (who talks a good game on the phone) takes my order, tells me how great its going to be, coordinates the delivery weeks in advance and then shows up to the party late with 100% the wrong cake!The bad part here is not like someone else's cake, she just printed something totally different and basically tells you to take it or send it back leaving your kid (and their 30 friends) without any cake.  I've seen mobsters in New Jersey operate with more ethics.So here we go, another botched party due to a lazy, incompetent, ignorant woman who thinks she knows how to run a business but can't. Now I have to call my credit card company to dispute the entire order.Trust me, let the internet do the work for you, RUN FOR THE HILLS.  Go to Costco, at least you'll get what you ask for.I wouldn't buy a cake for my worst enemy at this place.
