5	What is a NutWhat? A kind of nut? No silly! It's much more than a nut! It's candy goodness with each crunchy bite! I've had the pleasure of enjoying NutWhats several times, both at local grocers who sell them (AJ's) and at the several local farmer's markets around town. So what IS it!? Well, let me tell you. Think of a toffee. Then add some coconut. Maybe add some peanut butter flavor, or a dash of chocolate. Or let's throw in some raspberry! Swirl it all together, let it bake and harden, drizzle with some delectable chocolate and poof! You've got a crunchy NutWhat which is a combo of a toffee, peanut brittle and candied nuts. You really just need to try it to understand it's deliciousness.  They have several different flavors, but my favorite would be their Scribbles and especially their Peanut Brittle Scribble and Cashew Coconut Scribble. But be warned. Once you have one, it will be hard to not have two, three, maybe even four more! I love NutWhats both as a snack and as a gift. You can order a box and ship it to a friend, or you can just simply buy a bag for yourself. Or if you're like me, buy one bag for yourself and one for a friend and then the calorie intake won't feel so bad! As I mentioned, you can find NutWhats at AJ's and at many of the farmer's markets around town, but you can also order through their website.
4	I haven't been to the store so this is just the review of the product I purchased when I was at the Gilbert farmers market. The man working was very nice and helpful and let me sample many items before choosing something. I finally decided on the toffee and the pecan bacon scribbles. The flavor is indescribable but both items were delicious. The toffee was the best I have ever had. We will definitely be purchasing more things here. I have if 4 stars because it cost me $10 for two little tiny pouches of food.
4	I found this booth at the Gilbert Farmer's Market and stopped by because I saw bean-to-bar and I thought that was something I could get behind. I love the idea of chocolate being made by one person, it's very cool.The reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because they only had one bar of chocolate (thank goodness they did, though) and I would have bought a lot more. I like the NutWhats, but I was really after the candy bars. By the way, I tried the pecan Nutwhat and it was DIVINE! It was a little too much like bark for me so I really will just do bars next time.The girl who sold this to me was really nice. She let me have a sample and told me that she'd have a lot more to choose from at the next market. To be fair, I did show up at the end of their day.I really, really, really want to talk about the salted caramel, though. OMG. What magic did she use to get this decadent sweet confection as perfect as she did? She better hide that recipe because that is the best I have ever had. They're sold in fours and they are huge! I really loved them because they were a perfect balance of sweet and salty. You just can't believe how good these are, I've never tasted anything like it before. Get here and get the chocolate bars (kidding, those are mine) and the salted caramels. This isn't ordinary candy, you'll be blown away.
