5	Such a friendly and knowledgeable staff. This is the best experience I've ever had at a place like this. I talked to TJ  and told him I'm trying to loose 10lbs for my wedding  he took the time to make some suggestions and explained everything thoroughly. I really appreciate the service I received today.
5	Love coming to this GNC!! They stay fully stocked and I have NEVER seen a supplement store fully stocked. The staff is so knowledgeable and recommended the right supplements for what I wanted to achieve. They also give great advice!! A+A+A+A+
5	Great customer service deserves five stars.The young man working tonight was in top form.  I popped in to waste time while waiting for my Chinese food to go order.  I was offered help in finding something I may have been looking for, offered a sample of a sports drink, discussed various supplements and inquired about the purpose of some.  And I even picked up something my sister in law sorta directed me to.  AND he even politely listened to me ramble about dog shows -I was hoping he might encourage his Mom to get out there and start showing her Aussies.Now if only I could've remembered if I have one of those gnc cards.Probably on my keyring.
5	Steffan was extremely helpful in answering all my questions and even providing ideas etc. thanks!
5	Just went in to get powdered peanut butter and the lady there who I think is the store owner was super friendly and I could hear her helping out some other ladies and she seemed pretty knowledgable. When I checked out she also gave me a couple of free vanilla protein shakes to try!
5	Best staff and the owners are incredible!! every time I shop here the store is clean and they always have good deals. they offer a lot of product knowledge and support. they are well connected with other image based businesses that they recommend that I find helpful. I love this place!!!
5	Everyone in this store is very knowledgeable. They have spent many hours helping me understand what is best for what I am trying to accomplish. I have been going into the store for over 6 months now and I always spend over 30 minutes learning thing. I will not go away where else. Anytime someone in my life recommends a product I will not take it without talking to someone at this store.
5	Just visited this store for the first time. Let me sum this up... what an awesome experience!  Love the family atmosphere and friendly faces. Will be back for sure!
5	GNC is my heaven.  It's my go to store for everything I need.  I've been to many across the Southwest but was really impressed by the staff that works at this one.  They were all extremely helpful, knowledgeable and patient with their customers.  It makes a huge difference when a place knows how to do customer service and this GNC does it very well.  Thank you!!!
