5	Phenomenal.It wasn't long ago that I mentioned to someone (or maybe even on my review of The Counter or Brown Bag Grill, both in Los Angeles), that I wanted a similar custom built burger type restaurant in Pittsburgh.It's here, folks!Although it is another american burger joint, they take it to the next level with their variety and quality.  I just came back from their 10:30PM-11:30PM half off special (which is pretty restrictive...details later), and I immediately took my computer out to write this review!The restaurant itself is decently large.  It's located behind Uncle Sam's Subs in the Waterworks Mall (which is adjacent to TJ Maxx and Giant Eagle).  Because of their slightly obscure location, they do have a bright red sign that stands out from the other white colored signs.  There's an "outdoor" dining area, with two large flames shooting upwards (almost the force of a butane torch, but with flames 3 feet tall) for appearance and a bit of utility.  The ambiance is slightly dark, the exact lighting that I expected (and the reason for my poor photography with my iPhone camera).  With 12 LCD screens , 9 at the bar alone, there's at least one TV where anyone in the restaurant can see.  Good space planning!Because they appeared to close off half the tables after 10:30PM, we were told to take a seat at the bar.  The bartender came and greeted us, telling us that it's his first day, and also asking me where I heard of this place.  Where? Facebook.  I saw that a fellow Fox Chapel facebook friend of mine "liked" this restaurant's page on facebook, and when I saw the menu online, i knew i had to visit it ASAP.Through the facebook photo captions, I saw that they offer Happy Hour from 4-6PM, Monday-Friday.  This includes half off appetizers and some drink specials.  The other sweeter promotion they offer is for the first three months only, presumably starting from their opening date (1/19/11), and that is half off burgers, sandwiches, and appetizers from 10:30-11:30PM (closing). Half off excludes the following: custom burgers (boooo), any burger with bison, fish, or crab.. entrees (like steak) and steak salad.  The rest was up for discount. this took a while for them to figure out, and i was already filling out my custom burger sheet before they stopped me.The first appetizer that caught my attention when i was surfing the menu online was their Bangkok Steak Fries, i.e. portobello mushroom fries.  The first and last time I tried it was at Bottega Louie in LA, and I've been dying to try them again - Burgatory gave me this chance.  It comes with a peanut sauce that was different from the chipotle aioli I tried it with the first time. The dish here took one large portobello mushroom, sliced it up, used tempura batter, and lightly fried it, allowing the flavor of the mushroom itself to stay around.  I highly recommend this appetizer.  We also got the nachos, and they were still pretty good, but slightly more forgettable than the portobello fries.Onto the entrees.I got a What-A-Jerk Chicken burger.  I didn't realize until the moment I bit into it that they use ground chicken for this burger, which I actually preferred over a standard chicken breast.  The burger was mindblowingly juicy, and had a lot of robust flavors, like the jamaican jerk rub on the chicken, the cilantro leaves which constituted all the greens on the burger (so much cilantro!), and banana ketchup.  although the ground chicken probably wasn't much healthier than the beef, it still tasted just as delicious. my friend had the Morty's Steakhouse, which again was a pretty strongly flavored burger (description from their site: "Peppercorn Crusted Beef Burger with Horseradish Cheddar, Haystack Onions and Cabernet Sauce.")  Although i didn't take a bite of my friend's burger, my friend said on the car on our way back home: "this may be the one thing that will make me not hate pittsburgh."There are so many more things on the menu that I still look forward to trying, but didn't have the space to fit in my stomach.  Hard Shakes (yes, alcoholic shakes...what could be better!), 12 beers on tap, a bunch of other bottled varieties, classic shakes (if you call kona coffee and glazed donuts in a milkshake a classic shake), and most importantly, my own customized burger (with bison or crab)!I was almost hesitant to actually submit this review because it's been my best find in Pittsburgh so far.  I'm glad that I have a friend who has a car, so I can hitch a ride with him from shadyside/squirrel hill.  It's good that this place isn't too close to the colleges, which means that hopefully the crowd can be more manageable.  As long as they keep the quality up, I can guarantee that this place is here to stay.PS Sorry for the poor picture quality. The pictures don't do the food justice.  I promise to bring my actual camera next time! PPS I didn't know there was a 5000 character limit on reviews! This is the first time I've had to cut my review sh--
4	gasp. 1/2 star docked. like any new restaurant, i guess i should have expected fluctuations in all aspects of the restaurant, food and operation wise. my friend and i have made it our goal to come here once a week on a weekend night for half off burgers. so here's the update on business hours of operation: they still offer half off for the same menu items (including the same exclusions), but they don't let you modify any of the standard burgers by adding anything (like lettuce or tomato for example) - they only let you take off toppings.  the half off still takes place during the last hour of their day, but they have cut short their days. they close Sun-Thurs at 10 (or 10:30? i'm leaning towards 10), and Fri-Sat at 11PM.  We came here tonight at 10:34PM, and while we were eating our food we could sense them starting to rush us, which prompted me to ask about their hours. so that means half off Sun-Thurs 9-10, and Fri-Sat 10-11.updates on the food:Appetizers- after ordering two appetizers last week, we decided to get the same bangkok steak fries and a sonoma chicken salad instead of nachos.  the bangkok steak fries changed! to my dismay, they inundated the mushroom with the tempura batter, making the final result too crispy for my liking (although some people may like it better).  they did give thick mushroom slices only, however, and they also presented it differently, stacked 2 parallel on the bottom, two perpendicular to the first level, and 1 on the top. no minced green onion as garnish.) the sonoma chicken salad came with a legit serving of chicken, but lacked a bit on the actual greens.  for a salad that usually costs 11 dollars, i would not have paid that much to get a slightly small quantity of baby spinach (as much of a premium baby spinach is).  pictures for both of these will be uploaded and dated (i forgot to bring an actual camera again. sorry...)Burgers -DO NOT ASK FOR THE BURGERS WELL DONE. reminiscient of the jump in difficulty from medium to hard in rock band or guitar hero, the jump in wellness between slightly pink and well done is a bit too big.  last time my friend asked for the morty steakhouse burger medium well, and it was pink in the center, but still tasted juicy and tender.  this time he said "well done" to his farmer john burger  and i said "just a tiny bit of pink" to my morty steakhouse burger. those patties were definitely a bit too well-done.  i'll remember to say slightly pink next time. regardless, the quality of the meat itself is still great. the peppercorn rub was definitely memorable and aromatic. the only complaint i heard from my friend was that the ham slice in his burger was thinner than he anticipated, but i explained that it was probably so you could bite through it, instead of trying to bite through it and pulling the whole slice out of the burger (pet peeve).  we both were able to substitute fries in place of the potato chips for a dollar extra.  the fries were well seasoned, not steak fries, and not very crispy (i.e. if you like to pick up a fry and have it stay completely straight like a mcdonalds fry, don't get these fries.  i'd liken the softness of these fries to those of In N Out, for anyone currently on this side of the coast who has actually tried them)  overall, this visit hasn't deterred me from visiting any less often. i'm sure they're still straightening things out, and i hope to see them revert the way they make their bangkok steak fries back the way they first served them to me!p.s. not to be a iphone check-in snob, but is there any way to tell yelp that they have the waterworks mall tagged at the wrong location? that location is too far away for me to check into any place at the waterworks mall.
2	Four of us went during the first few days this restaurant opened. we ordered the fries (delicious, with rosemary and salt) and each ordered a burger. I had the steakhouse which has a red wine sauce and was really very good it came as I ordered medium well. The other three people who were in our party all had a problem with the way the burgers were cooked. Everyone else's were too overcooked, my parner's burger was cooked to a crispy well done even though she had ordered it medium. Our waitress was happy to send my partner's burger back and have it made correctly. Our waitress also seemed very nervous and seemed on the verge of a nervous breakdown.Overall I liked my own burger but was unimpressed that 3 our of 4 burgers that were ordered at our table were cooked incorrectly. I will likely not be going back to this restaurant. I felt it was also a little overpriced. For a great burger I will continue to go to Tessaros
5	short and to the pointGreat creative hamburger menu (they have a build your own burger menu too).  Dynamite shake selection, and cool looking appetizers.  I had the Steakhouse burger which was packed with juiciness and flavor.  Each bite was better than the next.  Both the chips and the fries served as perfect accompaniments.   The next night I went with the Crabcake burger.  Unbelievably good.   Tasted like a true crabcake instead of filler and peppers.   Huge portions too.  Go with the Brioche bread, its a burgers best friend. An hour wait on the weekends.  Cant wait to go back and try something elsejust look at the menu on the website and you will fall in love with hell.PS.  Only microbeers on tap.
5	I just docked a star from my review of BRGR. There's a new sheriff in town, and he's telling BRGR to suck it. My brain is still spinning from so much awesome, so I'm going to have to enumerate everything I love about Burgatory. 1. Someone at Burgatory stole my iPod and hit 'shuffle'. I spent as much time singing along as I did chatting with my friends. Either my taste is becoming progressively more mainstream as I get older or there are some very cool (and aggressively non-hipster, I hope) people in charge of the music.2. Spiked milkshakes. Spiked Milkshakes. SPIKED MILKSHAKES. Heavens, what was I thinking when I foamed at the mouth over BRGR's? I wasn't thinking. I hadn't yet experienced Burgatory's Apple Pancake and Bacon shake. Did you absorb all the Awesome in that shake's name? Again: Apple. Pancake. Bacon. There's also alcohol in there, but it's almost secondary to the chunks of apple and bacon floating in the heavenly swirls of Happy. The whipped cream tasted homemade and worked surprisingly well with the slice of bacon (A SLICE OF BACON!) adorning the side of the glass. Oh, heavens. I'm having heart palpitations just thinking about how amazing it was. My friends' milkshakes were equally swoon-worthy: the bourbon and caramel soaked Grandad's Secret and the rummy banana goodness of Monkey Business.  3. The menu burgers were insanely creative, and unlike BRGR, you can create your own masterpieces. A little gouda here, some Kona rub there; Cabernet sauce here, applewood bacon there. The possibilities are endless... and DELICIOUS. The only area Burgatory seems to fail is with well-done burgers. A little too dry. But not enough to take away from the overall experience. And even if the burgers totally sucked, the milkshakes would've made up for it. Seriously. I would go to the restaurant just to drink myself into ice-creamy oblivion. Word of warning: because Burgatory is still in its infancy, it gets packed very, very quickly. We waited over 75 minutes for our seats. And every minute was worth it.
5	I remember once upon a time--about, oh, five years ago--when I lived in a typical New England college town.  A few months before I graduated, the most fabulous, incredible, mind-blowing restaurant showed up (or at least the most fabulous, incredible, mind-blowing restaurant since the cookie-&-doughnut delivery place Sugar Jones).  It was aptly called Fatso's, the premise was custom-built burgers & fries (and oh, the fries...), & it forever ruined me by giving me the ultimate discriminating veggie-burger palate.  No more bland TVP patties for me.  I demand the best.Thanks to Fatso's, every single veggie burger I've tried in the 'Burgh has been a disappointment.  D's is good, but not great.  Double Wide: consistently a letdown.  Even Quiet Storm couldn't cut it for me.  But Burgatory rocked.  My.  World.  Maybe it was the two half-price drafts I downed in 30 minutes to take advantage of the awesome happy hour special ($3.00 Rogue!!!!!).  Maybe it was the mere thought of the grilled mushrooms & fried egg on my burger to come.  But after one bite, I was smitten.  Well-textured with added flavor from nuts, balanced spices, & the fantastic grain mustard & garlic mayo topping my roll, this veggie burger now holds a special place in my heart as my favorite.All in all, great veggie burger, great happy hour, good shakes, & leaps and bounds better than the other restaurants (Fuel & Fuddle, Uncle Sam's, Joe Mama's) owned by the same purveyors.
2	I have been to Burgatory 4 times now and while there is improvement, it is still a ways away.  The part that gets me is that the food sucks.  The menu is very creative but the execution is awful.  The steakhouse burger with the Haystack Onions came out with about 3 onions on it, hardly stacked which would have been fitting, welcome and delicious.  The Jerk Chicken burger seemed awesome with Banana Ketchup.  The ketchup was non-existent and the chicken tasted like it was rubbed in a think layer of nothing but nutmeg.  Even the accompanying chips or fries were underdone.  The Crab Shack burger which has Sriracha Remoulade tasted nothing of the flavor.  I agree with other reviewers that the menu is creative but if you don't get any of the flavors then it doesn't matter.  Service is ok, albeit I have only eaten at the bar.  The shakes are good and the beer selection being only micro brews is nice for the area.  I have been there a number of times and I for one just don't get it.  The only thing they have over BRGR is presentation.  I hate that BRGR serves the burger in a deep basket.  That's it.  The food is much better.
4	I suppose I could have seen it as an omen, that when I searched for Burgatory on my Yelp app, it asked me, " Did you mean "purgatory"?". Despite that glowing recommendation we hit this eatery on our way out of Pittsburgh, after a day trip there.My traveling companion had stumbled on the place, while perusing Yelp reviews from Steel City, and thought it looked promising. I was a little wary about trusting a restaurant tucked into a suburban strip mall but without a better suggestion, I acquiesced . It had a sparse but inviting decor. I loved the idea of the large Venn Diagram mural in the Lobby " Do you like burgers? Yes? No?". This was a weekday around 5pm, so it wasn't at all busy(yet) and we were sat immediately.I wish I could say that we were visited immediately ( or even within 10 minutes) by a server but it took someone entirely too long to greet us. By the time a server did show, we had already decided on our whole meal.The menu was short and sweet, which was a plus for me. You can choose from a selection of their specialty burgers or create your own. For my Philly friends, it's very similar to our PYT right down to the spiked shakes.Their beer selection was tremendous! I chose a Rouge Chocolate Stout on draft , which was 1/2 price for Happy Hour( $3). I was more than pleased.Our server was pleasant and efficient but nothing special. My biggest problem was that because we ordered all at once, the food came out all at once. We had our apps for all of 2minutes ( without side plates) before the burgers came out. As you can imagine, a loaded burger is messy,we needed extra napkins, and it took her awhile to come back and check on us. While not damning, the service we received keeps this from being a 5star review.The food was exceptional. We shared onion rings and " steak fries" as apps. When the o-rings were dropped down, I thought there was a mistake. I didn't order a plate of cake donuts. Those rings were the biggest and most meaty onion rings I'd ever eaten and they were good. I can think of 2 words wrong with our " steak fries" ..." steak" and " fries". The steak fries are actually portabella mushroom strips, seasoned and lightly battered and I was amazed at how much they actually did taste like steak fries. Another winner.Again I'll supply my Philly friends with another comparison. Their burgers are comparable with those you can get at The Institute. Same whispy fries, similar bun and burger ratio. Similar great taste. My friend and I both ordered the Morton Steak burger. I was too tired after an exhausting day touring Pittsburgh to choose my own ( the choices are endless, but I like option of the sheet at the table that you can mark off and hand to your server.). The Steak burger had most of what I like anyway, horseradish cheddar, onion straws, a tasty red wine sauce. I thoroughly enjoyed it.We were stuffed but we had to try a highly recommended shake. I wasn't driving so I chose the Grandads Secret ( caramel+ bourbon...I always suspected this about pop pop) and my friend got the Smores one, complete with a toasted marshmallow on top. We agreed that they were fantastic and I totally appreciated the extra wide straw.Overall I'd say that it was a great experience and that the good far outweighed the bad. Not sure if this is a chain restaurant ( it seems like one) and if so, they are welcome to penetrate the Philly area. So we were filled up, boxed up, and ready to make the long trip home.I have to say though, that Burgatory didn't occur while we were in the establishment. Burgatory happened about an hour later, with 2 gassy guys locked in a small mini Cooper for 5hours, headed 70mph east. We will never be the same.
4	Really great burgers!!!!! I'm not very adventurous when it comes to burgers but this place has every imaginable combination: meat, bun, topping, rub, etc..  I tried the cracked peppercorn rub on a beef burger - very, very tasty!  We also tried the angel/devil cupcakes which were very dry and one of the icings was too sweet for my taste.  I'll skip dessert next time but I will be going back for the burgers. One last comment, I think this is owned by the Uncle Sams people but the fries are not nearly as good as Sams (not bad tho).
4	So Canadian friend of Joe (CFOJ) came in to visit his old buddy before heading off to Philly on business and he calls me from the hotel and says "I need dead cow meat! I want it on a fluffy bun and I want it rare and I want a side of home made chips to scarf down my gullet, eh?" Okay I added the "eh" part, because oddly CFOJ never says eh, even though he hails from Vancouver. And he really didn't call saying I want dead cow, etc. He basically said "hey let's go have a burger somewhere". I needed a good intro as an attention grabber, my bad yo!So a few minutes later I'm searching frantically on Yelp to find him a great burger joint and quickly remembered a new place in waterworks mall called "Burgatory". So I pick him up at the hotel and off to that place we go.It's 6pm on a Friday night and the place is hopping like 4 frogs on a hot frying pan. I walk up to the desk and leave my name and cell phone number and they promise me in 75 minutes I'll be seated. Good thing there is a Barnes & Noble, TJMaxx and 5 Below close to shop at while your table waiting. Well in the time we went shopping, I got three texts from Burgatory giving me updates and believe it on not on the 75th minute, a text came and the table was ready, how do they do that???We are seated, I order a Sam Adams, and the waitress explains to us to grab a worksheet and check off what we want our burgers to look like when they come out. Let me explain, you pick the type of meat (beef, chicken, crab cake, bison, or vegan) bun (white, wheat, foccocia etc) then there are different dry rubs, toppings, veggies, etc. It's pure genius! And for those of you not enterprising enough to grab a little bowling pencil and build a burger, they have pre existing burgers in the menu you can order. I love this place!I order a veggie burger, with Cajun rub, fresh spinach, Spanish onion, grainy mustard, and horseradish cheddar. CFOJ decided he wanted a plain cheese burger with good old American cheese and bacon. But he was as giddy as an ugly school girl with prom date to see the long list of milk shakes on the menu and ordered the s'mores shake. It came with a huge toasted marshmallow on top of the whipped cream, it looked better than it tasted. He loved it, I wasn't impressed because to me a milk shake should be creamy, where this shake was gritty with ground up graham crackers in it. I'll stick with Sam Adams.One thing about restaurant made veggie burgers, they all seem to fall apart, and no surprise here, Burgatory's did too. Great flavor, a bit dry, seems like it was mostly grains (oatmeal, onions, herbs) I wish a restaurant would try tempeh or vital wheat gluten as a base to see if it will stay in one piece. The plate was also piled high with home made potato and sweet potato chips, not the least bit greasy and great crunch, almost like kettle chips. This place has great atmosphere, it can get a bit loud, and because it's new it may take awhile to get a table, but it's all worth it (yes, even driving the death trap called RT 28) so give Burgatory a try, this maybe the funnest time you have at a burger joint.
5	Simply awesome. Speechless. Mmm. Yum. Yum.
5	A week or two ago, I posted a small complaint on their facebook page regarding the taste and way they modified the bangkok steak fries since the first time I tried it, three days after their opening.  As you can see from my first review (and picture), the bangkok steak fries didn't have the most picture perfect presentation, but were lightly battered, and fried just right, so that the taste of the mushroom came out and wasn't overpowered by the batter.  after that first time, however, they started overwhelming those poor mushrooms with batter: some of the batter towards the inside wasn't even fried, and part of the batter wasn't even mixed well enough, leaving patches of raw flour, which tasted terrible and, obviously overpowered and destroyed the appeal of the appetizer.They did answer my facebook post very quickly, offering a complimentary order the next time I went.  Before my next visit yesterday, my friend, who I usually go to Burgatory with, visited the restaurant before I did with his friend, and was pleased to report to tell me that they had reverted back to their original way of creating this tasty appetizer.  when i proudly got to show this pittsburgh establishment off to my girlfriend yesterday evening, we were greeted by the same friendly staff, and very shortly after being seated, by the owner.  he immediately mentioned that he was ready to serve us an order of bangkok steak fries, but was very gracious when I kindly asked whether i could defer it to my next visit (which will be soon, i assure you all).  my girlfriend had ordered a caramel pretzel milkshake, and given how much of my milkshake i could finish the last time i ordered one, i knew that she wouldn't have space in her stomach to enjoy the bangkok steak fries.  the caramel pretzel shake was delicious: as my girlfriend said "pretzels in a milkshake is genius!"  be warned though, don't drink it too fast, despite its deliciousness. the pretzel bits can fly down the wrong tube pretty easily.  just savor the flavor. :)my main reason for giving my 2nd update review for this joint is to mention their supremacy in creating the best "standard" burger i've ever tasted.  despite its simplicity in construction - beef patty, crisp iceberg lettuce, tomato, one whole onion slice, and their house sauce which i can only liken to a liquidy version of in n out's "special sauce" - the taste of every ingredient comes out so incredibly cleanly and potently.  the strong punch of the onion, the texture of the fresh lettuce and tomato, the milky white american cheese on the perfectly seared-in juicyness of the beef patty. my goodness. i've already ordered this cheapest non-custom burger twice in a row now!  so don't be turned off by the lack of complexity in this burger, assuming that the taste won't be as satisfying as a morty steakhouse. i assure you that you'll be just as satisfied.  my girlfriend also wanted to try the japapeno cornbread; when she ordered it, the waiter asked if she'd like to substitute it in place of her potato chips.  this was only 1 dollar extra.  so if you're not super obsessed with the chips and want to try their other sides, try asking for a substitution, and they may very well allow it!  by the way, the same 1 dollar extra sub works with fries as well.thumbs up, as always, for great service and great food.
4	This place is unique. A great collection of burgers, shakes, beers. The burger portions are large and filling. Burgers are said to be all natural and hormone free, and they come with some OK sweet and not-so-sweet chips. You can make your own burger, too. If burgers+shakes+beer is you sort of thing, this is a very good experience. Not a purgatory, but heaven for burger lovers... They have salads, small plates, and big plates, too.We got two burgers: the veggie and the crab shack. Both were of good size. And, tasty. We were more than full after finishing everything and the fries. The crab shack was like a crab cake (a good one) inside a bun. I got the whole wheat bun, which was good. My gf's veggie burger was one of the juiciest veggie burgers I have had so far on earth. Goes well with the Paulaner in a bottle. We had three minor-ish complaints. First, some of the chips were soggy. Second, our waitress was somewhat slow in reacting to our needs or recognizing that we might have some needs. This was not terrible, but delayed our second beer order for longer than it needed to be delayed. She was overall nice, though, when she attended to us; the place was packed on a Saturday afternoon. And, they forgot to call us after a table became available. No dealbreakers, but Burgatory can become closer to a Burger Heaven if they fix some of the service issues and make their chips more fresh.   The ambiance is more of a dim bar+restaurant mix, with dominant colors being black and red. There are many TV's, showing sports, around the bar. This place can get packed, so be prepared to wait.
2	this place doesn't live up to the hype, in my opinion.  the alcoholic milkshakes are good.  the sweet potato chips are pretty good.  but, the burgers?  meh.  go to tessaro's.
5	The only thing I don't like about Burgatory is how far it is from my house. Great beer selection, Delicious Milk Shakes and as you might hope, the burgers are top notch. I had the Jamaican Jerk and subbed a regular beef patty for the chicken. Phenomenal. I also tried bites of my neighbors' creations. The Steakhouse burger definitely did the trick.Definitely busy on a Saturday night though so plan on a wait..
3	When I came home for winter break, I tried this place out with my friends. It was fairly crowded, but because there's a lot of other stores around the place, it went by fairly quickly.One thing I really liked about this place was the clever signs. "Blessed be the burgers." "helluva burger + heavenly shakes". Kind of blasphemous, but funny. There are more signs in the restaurant as well. I also liked the small towers of fire.. it was fairly cold when we went so it was very nice and good at warming you up!Okay, so I like the inside, but I didn't really like the burger.. I really liked how you can choose everything and make your own burger and what you want in it, but the actual meat itself was only eh. The meat tasted funny.. maybe it had something to do with the all natural + hormone free thing. Oh, it was also HUGE. So hard to eat. Everything spilling out, bun breaking, burger breaking.. it was more like a huge ginormous salad in the end. Filling though.The milkshakes are really good too! Friends got the caramel pretzel (it actually has pretzels!) and it was pretty good but I found it way too sweet and too thick for my taste.We got the giant cookie and ice cream for dessert. I found the cookie to be "eh", but the ice cream was SO delicious! Home-made ice cream was real good stuff.
5	Mmmmm...Finally, a veggie burger that isn't just thawed out and reheated! Burgatory is absolutely delicious. We had a bit of a wait and it was mildly frustrating to see how slow the staff was clearing tables because there were soooo many people waiting. Once we were seated though, service was very fast and efficient. We started off with Bangkok fries, the peanut sauce that accompanied them was light and delicious. I had to try the banana ketchup which was surprisingly yummy but to be perfectly honest the tempura fried portabella caps were quite tasty on their own.The caramel pretzel shake was fantastic, I enjoyed it immensely although I have texture issues. The pretzel bits were just soft enough without being soggy.As for our meals, I had the veggie burger and JB had the farmer burger, they both came with homemade sweet and russet potato chips and both burgers were huge. The buns were even tasty. We weren't disappointed with anything and will definitely be returning.BRGR should take lessons.
2	I went there with my fiance over the weekend.  I got the veggie burger.  It was DISGUSTING!  It was inedible.  It was a soggy mush and literally tasted like dog food.  I got the cereal shake, which was really good.  However, I came for great food, not a milk shake.  He got a burger.  I don't remember which one.  It wasn't great, wasn't horrible.  In all reality it was not memorable.  I guess I would try it again, but only if someone else were to suggest it.  I will not be going out there again without some encouragement.
4	The search for the burgh's best burger continues.... Whole wheat bun. Check! Hormone free beef = semi healthy??? (I know, not really). Check! Kona Crust seasoning (a little kiss of wood grilled goodness).Check! Gauc, tomato, lettuce, buffalo chedder, ketchup. Check and Check! This has all the makings to be a great match for my love affair of burgers to continue.  It doesn't quite beat Wingharts life changing burgers, but it comes pretty darn close!  The mix of sweet and regular potato chips really topped off the whole meal.  I was VERY tempted to try a boozy milkshake, but being the middle of a work day, I decided to be good (for once!). The place is really fun inside.  It's very cozy for a rainy (or snowy, sleety, whatever mix of gross) weather you might find yourself in.  It's also going to be great for the summer because they have an open air side of the restaurant that they'll finally be able to open up!  Service was friendly and very fast for someone who could have eaten part of the seat cushions (maybe...not really) at that point from being so hungrg!  It was a great choice for a starving girl. Is it weird of me that I sorta kinda wished it was in the city instead of in the boonies?? I know, I know, it's not really in the boonies....but for this city girl it was! But BONUS, it IS next door to a TJ Maxx!
1	...over rated...The sonoma grilled chicken salad was a huge disappointment with a mere ounce of chicken, and heavily oiled greens (in spite of the requested dressing on the side).  The 45 minute wait at off peak was sooo not worth it. If you give your phone number to be on the wait list, be prepared for a slew of annoying text messages.
4	I've been DYING to get to Burgatory and I finally made it.  Wait.  That is a good thing, isn't it?  Well, never mind the bad joke, because the food and drink were heavenly.  I started with the Monkey Business hard shake....dark rum and banana liqueur all blended up with bananas foster and ice cream, topped with THICK, luscious whipped cream and crunchy banana chips.  Kinda like eating dessert first, but is that a bad thing?  I thought not.  There was plenty left over to take home as you not only get the great big glassful with the great big straw, but you also get the metal shake container with all the goodness that didn't fit into the glass.  The burger!  The Buffaloed Bison burger struck my fancy....and I was not disappointed.  It isn't easy to find a JUICY bison burger - sometimes they can be dry, but this one oozed juices.  I ordered it medium so it was beautifully pink on the inside and crusted and crunchy on the outside.  Perfectly cooked!  Buffalo cheddar and ranch dressing carressed the top of the burger and down the sides.  No bun because of the gluten issue, but the bun was unnecessary - it was perfect just as it was.  Had the review been based on the burger alone, there would have been a solid 5 stars.  The sides, however, were lackluster.  I had the slaw - eh, I've had better.  It was too fine, too runny and too oniony.  I wish I could have tried the chips or fries, but they don't have a separate fryer for chips and fries from the breaded items.  That's a gluten-free no no.  Please, Burgatory, dedicate a fryer to non-breaded items.  In fact, my dining companions were unimpressed with the chips...maybe a dedicated fryer would improve those?  The hubby and another diner both had the Morty's Steakhouse burger and raved about it!  Hubster said the cabernet sauce made the burger.  He ate every single last bite.  The rest of the table shared onion rings to start off the meal - they said they were okay.  No raves there.  Our 4th companion had a basic cheeseburger with tomato and said it was an outstanding burger.  All in all, a very good time and good meal was had by all.  I'll be going back soon - the burgers were definitely worth the drive AND the wait.  Oh, we waited an hour, but spent the time perusing Barnes & Nobles and enjoying a cuppa at Starbucks inside.
4	Wow, we finally got to try out this gourmet burger craze!  What an experience!We went to Burgatory for a friend's birthday.  First things first, they don't take reservations, and if you go on the weekend, it is CROWDED.  We had a big group, so they told us to get there around 5:30, which we did, so we were able to get a table together.The good news is, if you get there early, you get to take advantage of happy hour!  There are discounts on booze and appetizers up until 6pm, so hold off on putting your burger order in until you've had a snack first.We got the nachos, which were huge and slightly overwhelming.  If I had to do it again, I'd ask for the chili on the side, because it kind of made the chips lose their crunch along the way.  But the flavor of the chili and guac was really good, and it was just the sogginess of the chips that took away from the dish.When it comes to ordering your burger, you can choose from a number of pre-determined options on the menu, or you can do a 'build your own' from these sheets at the table.  You choose from a checklist the type of burger (and they've got a wide variety, from beef to chicken to veggie or crab), the type of 'rub', type of bun, and then pick from a list of cheeses, condiments, and toppings (some of which are free, and some of which cost).  Finally, you check off how you'd like to have the burger cooked, hand it over to your waiter, and anticipate the arrival of your burgerly beast.I got a beef burger (hormone-free, woo woo) with mozzarella cheese, garlic mayo, onion straws, chives, and grilled mushrooms.  It was gigantic and delicious and pretty much the most perfect burger of recent memory.  All burgers come with a side of homemade seasoned potato chips, which were delicious as well.The burger will be huge, so get ready for it.  After dinner, if you've got any room left, feel free to enjoy one of their many creative milkshakes.  As we had a birthday at the table, they sent over a birthday cake milkshake, which we passed around for everyone to sample.  It really tasted like birthday cake!  They also have a selection of 'adult' milkshakes with alcohol in them, but after my happy hour margarita, I was trying to stave off a food coma and stay awake!Overall, the only thing we didn't like about Burgatory was the other patrons.  Yes, we were a large group, but we'd called ahead and done the process as the staff recommended, and we weren't just sitting around taking up tables after we were done eating.  Despite this, two middle-aged guys with attitudes thought it was appropriate to ask us questions like, "When the f*ck are you guys going to leave your table?"  So, you poor Burgatory servers, I assume you must have to put up with a parade of douchebags on a regular basis.  It was REALLY crowded, but we weren't the only large party there, and although our server made us feel super welcome, I felt a little awkward with some of the other customers.So, that said, get there early, and plan to eat fast, if you don't want people eyeing you up the whole night :)  However, these burgers were meant to be savored, and it's probably worth a staredown from a jealous hungry  dude in order to make your burger last as long as you can.Prices are quite reasonable: for two drinks, an appetizer, and two burgers, we paid less than $40.  I also can't say enough good things about how attentive and accurate our server was, attending to a table of 8 guests, plus his other parties.
5	Went here with a party of four last night, and we had a great time!  It wasn't where I expected to find it; sandwiched between a TJ Maxx and a Marshalls, but it lived up to the reviews.  Got there around 7:30 and told there was a twenty to thirty minute wait which was fine with me because I can always shop, but we were seated within ten minutes.  No one was super starving, so we skipped on appetizers.  Solid beer selection which pleased our group.  They also have alcoholic milkshakes.  One person ordered the granddad.  Holy booze - this shake was delicious, but there big and strong so be careful!!BURGERs:  You can choose from organic, free range beef, bison, chicken breast or a veggie burger for all of the burgers.  I don't eat a lot of red meat, so when I go all in when I get a burger!  Two of us got the Monty; peppercorn rub, horseradish cheese with a Cabernet sauce and onions... SO GOOD.  Ordered medium rare and they were perfect.  Other side of the table did the custom burgers and they were extremely happy as well.  Burgers come with homemade potato chips, but you can also substitute fries and coleslaw too.  Chips were great, and the fries were good too (they had some kind of rosemary seasoning).  By the end of dinner, everyone's plate was empty.  Service was great too!Bottom line: Check it out.
4	Tessaro's was closed yesterday so we were in search of an alternate place to grab a burger in spirit of the spring weather. Even though Burgatory was a 20 minute drive, we were on a mission for dinner. The location of Burgatory is surprising - it is tucked inside an outdoor mall- so you wouldn't just stumble upon it. But when you walk in the decor is hip and trendy with black and red colors branding the spot. The waitress told us that the wait would be about 45 minutes if we wanted a table but luckily two chairs opened up at the bar.The burgers we ordered were brilliant - one was custom made and the other which was mine was the buffaloed bison with a side of fries. My boyfriend took a bite of his burger and exclaimed "holy s*%$ this is a good freakin' burger!" and I more or less had the same feeling when I had mine (though the bison patty could have used a little bit more seasoning). Fries were delicious - no salt needed, and the sweet potato chips were devoured. Bartender was friendly and informative of our questions.Yum. I want some more fries.
4	Obviously, the gourmet burger joint concept has taken hold in Pittsburgh.  From reading most of the reviews, it seems like BRGR is the "cool" place to go and Burgatory is the "lame" one.  Is it because BRGR is located right next to Spoon in the middle of the East Liberty renaissance (which is terribly in danger with the huge derelict Borders festering across the street)?I can't say, but I can tell you that Burgatory does an insanely tremendous business.  If you don't get here around when this place opens, you're in for a long wait.  This Sunday I joined a large group for lunch here at 11:30am.  The place was a madhouse by noon.There's a variety of "named" burgers with set ingredients, but my favorite part of Burgatory was the ability to customize your burger.  Literally from the bun to the rub to the cheese to the type of meat to the sauce to the vegetables to the cooking time, there are millions of possible combinations.  My salt/pepper/garlic rub, Gouda, house sauce, scallions, red onions, tomatoes, and baby spinach medium rare burger was excellent.  The house made sweet potato chips were tasty as well.  I didn't roll with any of the insanely creative milkshakes (including the much discussed apple pancake and bacon vodka one), but everyone in the group said they were great.  Someone next to me got the S'mores one that actually had a toasted S'more on top.Although we were sitting inside, Burgatory has the ability to open a wall to the outside with outdoor seating.  Great place to hang out in the summer (if you don't mind the scenery of the Waterworks mall).This is a solid place and I'm not surprised that it's mobbed.  I'd recommend getting here early.  Don't believe anyone who says that it's in a lame location.  There's tons of free parking and after dinner you can drop by the Fox Chapel State Store (a little ways down the mall) which has some of the best wine selections in town.Finally, as at least one reviewer already mentioned, the music they play is excellent, best I've heard in Pittsburgh.  Any place that blasts songs from Elbow's new album is definitely my kind of place.
5	Best burger I have EVER had.... in a restaurant!! Atmosphere/decor: (5/5) I LOVE the decor and the whole atmosphere of the restaurant. It was very modern and definitely a place to hang out for any age group.  The crowd is very eclectic which made me like the restaurant more. Its not everyday you would see college kids, a group of little girl blowing bubbles in their milkshakes, biker dudes, and super old people in the same restaurant and none of them look out of place. I was kind of upset when I found the place because I'm in Aspinwall all the time and I never noticed Burgatory before. It was like a hidden treasure. Now I understand why Barnes and Noble's parking lot is always full! You know that feeling when you realize you are the last one to find out something... that's how I feel right now! lol   Service : (5/5) Initially it took a while for our waiter to take our orders but that was because of a mistake he made with another table. Even though he couldn't help us right away, another waitress was there to order our drinks and he kept checking in just to let us know that he wasn't neglecting us. After the problem was resolved, he was SUPER attentive. Our food took longer than expected but that was my fault... I ordered my burger VERY well done a.k.a burnt. lol Random but I also like to add that pretty much all the staff were very pretty/handsome... kudos to the hiring manager. My waiter was ridiculously attractive but he was gay so I didn't feel guilty for staring instead of listening when he was talking to us. lol I swear if Brad Pitt had a brother it would be him! Ok, I'm done...Food: (5/5) First of all they had there own style of fries which was great! They sprinkled garlic salt over the top of them. I absolutely hate thick burgers but this was definitely an exception. I got the custom burger  - hormone free beef ( the name kinda gross me out), avocado, pickles, lettuce, apple? bacon, and Cajun rub. The seasoning of the burger was excellent! It taste like a burger I would have at a bbq. It really made me curious what the other seasonings taste like. They put several pieces of thick bacon on the burger so that was great. My husband got the special which was a ANTELOPE burger! My husband likes eating strange meat so he was very excited about it. He loved it! Any place that is able to put antelope meat, blue cheese, beets, herbs(instead of lettuce) together and make it taste good is 5 stars worthy in my book. Oh yea... I really want to go back for a milkshake because they looked amazing!
5	Came here the other night with a few friends for milkshakes. Between the 3 of us we got: Coffee and Donuts, Campfire S'mores, and Caramel Pretzel. Each of shake was out of this world! I definitely plan on coming back to try their burgers. I'm hoping to redeem myself from BRGR's burgers.
5	Is convinced my Beau is trying to kill me as evidenced by all the food & drinks ordered at this happy hour!!!! This is the best happy hour drink~food combo I have EVER had!!We got a smorgasbord board of half off appetizers: Sirachi kissed wings, Bangkok portobello steak fries & the 3-way slider burgers of chicken, bison and hormone free beef. All were fantastic, but the mushrooms were INSANE!!! EACH COST AROUND $4.OO TO $4.50!!! The portobello steak fries were lightly battered & deep fried to perfection, served with a sweet/salty dipping sauce. We ordered 2 Holy Moses beers, 1 strawberry lemonade basil vodka without the basil AND THEN.......A Patron tequila  XO Cafe espresso with ground espresso beans & double chocolate syrup......DELICIOUS!Total Bill $34!!!!
3	The place is cool and I love crowds- I just hate waiting forever and not being able to even get a drink while I wait.  Good burgers not the best in town, fun concept, very creative milk shakes we has a carmel and pretzel really good-  the onion rings were so greasy that I could not eat them the staff is so busy they did not notice that we hated the rings so I
4	Update!  I thought it was odd last time when the waitress asked if I wanted to take my Monkey Business Milkshake home with me....and then she packed it up to go.  I've never heard of alcohol in a go cup in Pennsylvania!  Oooopppssss....apparently she made a mistake and that was a big no-no.  What a shame, this time that all that milkshake-y goodness went to waste when we couldn't finish the apple pancake caramel vodka bacon milkshake.  Sigh.  We also noticed a number of less than half-finished milkshakes on other tables.  Hint.  Go for the adult milkshake OR a burger, not both.  Or finish the milkshake-with-a-kick and (legally) take the burger leftovers to go.
4	I ate here the day after Brgr which is Pittsburgh's other premier gourmet burger shop so I feel qualified to compare them both fairly.  The combinations of both meals probably took years off my life so I hope you appreciate the sacrifice I've made to finally settle the question, where is Pittsburgh's best burger?  The definitive answer is without question, burgatory!  It's food at burgatory is more creative, more freestyle, more flavorful, less greasy and just more fun!  All the quasi religion of burger branding is amusing and well thought out, the staff was extremely friendly, and you can choose from their amazing premade burgers, or assemble you're own from a virtually endless list of toppings.  All this is a nice contrast to Brgr which only offers a few premade burgers, and allows no customization or substitutions, all while charging a higher price tag for smaller portions.  I got the snookie italian burger with a PB&J shake, both were sinfully delicious, but surprisingly non-greasy.  Both their alcoholic and non-alcoholic shakes are truly creative and incredibly good.  For non-carnivores there are many vegetarian and fish burgers as well.  I love the style and attitude here, and they really give you a chance to have it your way!
5	This is by far one of the best burgers in Pittsburgh. I love the idea of a build-your-own-burger place and the way it is executed here is nothing short of excellent. The chips that are served with the burgers are a mix of regular and sweet potatoes and were very good as well. We didn't have room to try any of the desserts, however we have heard from friends that the shakes are great. If there is one place that should tempt you to walk past Uncle Sam's, this is it.
5	Excellent, overall!  Always hard to find a seat, but usually packed.  I had a Bison Burger (pink), peppercorn crusted, with arugula and a fried egg on top -- that was a "design your own burger" option (which turned out, tasty, if I may so so myself).  The cole slaw on the side was good, but not great.  Needed a little more flavor.  The shakes have some wacky combinations, but always good!
3	It's an interesting concept, I felt it could have been done better, but the business seems to be thriving. They keep track of the wait by ipad and send you a text when you're table is ready. I had a bourbon milkshake and she had a flavored gin and tonic, I thought both were good, only mine was a little overpriced for how much alcohol you get. I had the farmer's burger and she the vegetarian. Hers was alright, mine was less so. The vegetarian was good, but lacked proper texture for a veggie burger. The farmer's burger, which has an over-easy egg on it, came out brown and not pink with an over-hard egg on top. It was just dry, thankfully I had a boozed up milkshake to wash it down with.  The service was great, if a little amusing, kept leaving our drinks at the bar for two minutes then apologizing profusely. Overall, not worth the drive, considering brgr is right down the street; but if you're in the area, it's worth the price.
5	Everything was delicious!  We started dinner with the Bangkok Steak Fries appetizer, which was really huge pieces of portabella mushrooms in a tempura batter.  Yum-o.  Then for the main event.  My husband ordered a burger off the menu (Morty's Steakhouse) and I created my own (cajun rubbed beef patty, smoked gouda, bacon, and BBQ sauce).  Both were flavor-packed and cooked to perfection!  We then finished off our meal with the Espresso Love milkshake.  It was soo tasty but we couldn't finish it all.  We wheeled ourselves out of Burgatory with smiles plastered on our faces.  We'll be back soon!
5	Burgatory wins. That is all.Okay, okay, for the sake of good reviewing, I'll be more specific. We went to Burgatory at lunchtime on a Monday, and it was packed, especially for a place you can barely see from the parking lot. We waited about 20 minutes to be seated which was quite reasonable. The server was super friendly and helpful.I started with the onion rings, which were not my favorite part of the meal. They are HUGE, like genetically-modified huge. The batter was a bit too sweet in my opinion, so I suppose they were a bit too heavy for me. I also tried a salted pretzel milkshake, which was uh-may-zing, definitely large enough to share as well. My burger, well, it was good. It was great. I love the sheets where you can just check off every topping you want. The only problem is that every ingredient sounds delicious! I ended up with a peppercorn-rub beef burger. Now this is no wimpy rub - it's quite pungent and spicy. So don't try it if you only sorta kinda like pepper. I topped it with farmhouse cheddar, bacon, onion straws, lettuce, and tomato. Bacon was plentiful and crispy as is proper. Onion straws seemed house-made. The burger was cooked perfectly as I asked. The sweet potato chips they come with are great. In all this was definitely, hands-down, the best burger I've had in the area. I'm glad this place is kinda far from me, otherwise I'd be eating there all too frequently. Highly recommended.
2	I orded a med-rare burger and it was well done.  Also, the burger appeared to be pressed down while on the grill.  No good burger place would do that.  I will try it again, but if this is what Pittsburgh feels is a good burger, might as well go to Five Guys.  Close to the same thing.
5	We went for lunch, as the week before we tried for dinner, and were told a hour wait. This time, we walked in and were seated immediately. Our server also greeted us promptly. Bonus? She asked us if we had ever been there before. I always appreciate it when a server inquires about this, especially when it isn't a typical restaurant. Burgatory is certainly not typical. At the server's suggestion, my boyfriend and I both went with the build-your-own-burger option. Neither one of us were able to actually finish the burgers! Contributing factors? AMAZING Coffee and Donuts milkshake, jalapeno cornbread and seasonal vegetables. The cornbread was to die for with honey butter, and the seasonal vegetables were a delicious mix of sugar snap peas and red peppers. The vegetables were out of this world! Our burgers were delicious. As far as toppings go, I recommend the garlic mayo as well as the avocado wasabi sauce (just enough kick without pain) and for cheese the horseradish cheddar. My boyfriend loved the bbq sauce, but said the herbed foccatia bread wasn't strong enough to stand up to the burger, "tasty, but wimpy". In summary: 1. Excellent service 2. Exceptional burgers 3. Divine milkshakes Go to hell. Eat at Burgatory.
2	Gourmet burger places have been popping up around Pittsburgh for awhile now. Given the fact that I have heard great things about Burgatory, I figured it should be my first outing into the Pittsburgh's version of the fancy burger restaurant. Unfortunately, it was not worth the hype.We went on a Saturday night, arrived at 730 and told we would have an hour and a half wait for a party of four. That's fine; given the restaurant's popularity a wait that long is to be expected. It gave the group time to peruse the menu and decide on our luxurious burgers before we were seated,hopefully getting the food out quickly. We drank at the crowded bar and talked as the Pittsburgh Pirates game played in the background on every TV. While understandable for a sports bar, I wish there was something else to watch or keep us occupied. Variety is the spice of life, as the saying goes.We were finally seated at 9pm. The first order of business was to order hard shakes. I ordered the Monkey Business, while others ordered the Apple Pancakes & Bacon, Grand-dad's Secret, and the Peppermint Pattie. They weren't exceptional, but what put them over the edge into awful territory was the lack of description on the menu of their consistency. Shakes are traditionally thick and smooth ordeals. I believe they should reclassify the Apple Pancakes & Bacon and the Monkey Business as "Chunky Shakes" since they have chunks of bacon and banana, respectively, in every sip you take. If you don't want to be chewing vigorously after every swig, then you might want to go with one of the other milkshakes. The best of the four was the Grand-dad's Secret, but even then it was nothing to write home about.As an appetizer we ordered the Fire Kissed Sriracha Wings. They were probably the best thing we had all night. You could taste the unique tang, but it wasn't overwhelming.Finally, we get to the burgers. Oh the burgers. If you're going to make your namesake one food item, they better be damn good and Burgatory missed the mark. To be honest, most people probably go here for the create-your-own burger, but since we were in a hurry we decided to order some of the pre-made burgers off the menu. I figure, if you can't even get the burgers you have specially made correct, then why bother venturing further? I ordered the Buffalo Bison burger the meat was good, but wasn't cooked the way I ordered it (more on that later) and everything else about it was incredibly bland. The lettuce wasn't crisp and the buttermilk ranch dressing was so bland and didn't add anything  that it could have not even been on the burger. I've had better buffalo burgers at diners and dives. My fellow diners ordered the What-a-Jerk Chicken and the Morty's Steakhouse and were also not impressed. Seems to be a trend.So, back to the fact that the burger wasn't the way I ordered it. The last nail in the coffin for Burgatory: the service was awful. Our waiter called to question almost every thing we ordered and we didn't even make changes to the menu items. If it isn't good as is, then why is it on your menu? The service was slow as molasses. The whole dinner took about an hour and a half to two hours. In that whole period of time the waiter never came back to fill up our water and would leave plates to stack up on the table. Plus, no one got their burger cooked the way they wanted it. All the burgers were well-done when we wanted them either rare or medium-rare. The one plus side (and the reason this is two stars instead of one) is that when my friend spilled his mostly empty beer he had been nursing from the bar, they gave him a new, free one. If only they could have kept that level of service and class throughout the dinner.Burgatory isn't worth the wait or the struggle. You want a similar experience? Go to Eat n' Park and bring a flask.
5	Wow. If I were a burger joint around here, this would be my biggest fear. If you ask anyone that knows me, I am an incredibly fast eater and I always have been with any food. Not these burgers.  After constructing the burger from the extensive list of toppings, buns, and meats I anxiously waited for the food to come. I have heard many things about this place From co-workers and friends so I had slightly high hopes, Wow. I had no idea that all of their food was made on the premises from burgers to ice cream but boy can you tell. Each bite of the burger screamed fresh and tasty and I didn't even get to the milkshake yet. After the first bite of my burger I actually sat back and looked at the burger to try and take in the flavor. The Peppercorn rub ads some hell of flavor that I haven't experienced with other burgers, it made me ashamed to think that Five Guys burgers were so good. As for the milkshake, I have to disclaimer this with the fact that I am a milkshake connoisseur and very picky about my milkshakes to the point that I cannot stomach the garbage that place like DQ and Chic-Fil-a try to pass off as shakes. The milkshakes here are incredible. Due to the ice cream being homemade they are real milkshakes tithe core and you can taste that with every sip of the shake. I got the s'mores shake and it was the tastiest drink I can remember having in a long time. My only fear for this restaurant is the fact that the menu and customer service are so top notch I will find myself here very frequently and my future potbelly is a scary thought. It would be very difficult for me not to recommend this joint as a place every Pittsburgher and tourist should visit; in fact I condone the notion that every Pittsburgher should try a price of this amazing Hometown delight.Every aspect of the meal was nailed and executed perfect. Careful of a wait but come hungry and you won't be disappointed. Be prepared to make a second trip due to the extensive menu to make sure you get the best that Burgatory has to offer.
4	We came in late on a Saturday afternoon.  The place was busy, but not overly packed.  They were advised of a 25 minutes wait, they took our number so they could text us and sent us on our way.We got a table in the "patio" area.  Our server greeted us right away and I went straight for a Monkey business shake.  The shake wasn't very thick and I was surprised by the weird pieces of banana and the mountain of whipped creme.  But still, very yummy.I am a fan of the build your own burger.  Loved their whole wheat buns.  My burger was very thick and perfectly cooked.  I got the angel dust and bourbon barbeque.  BJ got the Crab Shack.  Not exactly jumbo lump crab meat, it was very flavorful.  I really wanted to try the What-A-Jerk chicken burger, but was advised this isn't wasn't all white meat.  The only downside was the potato chips.  They were just taking up space on my plate.  We didn't like 'em.   We really liked it here and will visit again.
4	One of my family's favorite burger places. Great gourmet burgers, fun milk shakes, good beer selection.  Cons are long waits and the seats at the "tall tables" are very narrow and uncomfortable. I have been recommending it to all my friends. But don't be boring...get a crazy different mix of toppings, rubs, etc. Make it worth the wait by getting something that you can't get elsewhere.
5	It was absolutely delicious!! Way better than Brgr (in Shadyside). It was really busy- as expected (friends had highly recommended it) but they texted us when it was ready (after 40 minutes out of the 45-60 min estimated wait time). There are a ton of shops around there to spend the wait time (we went to Barnes & Noble). Staff was friendly and service was prompt once we were seated.I designed my own burger- I got the bison burger (medium rare) on brioche with a peppercorn rub, sliced tomatoes, and avocado wasabi sauce (which had the perfect touch of wasabi- not too much). The shakes are great too- I tried some of the caramel pretzel shake and it was really tasty (lots of whipped cream). The homemade potato chips that came with the burgers are really good too.
5	I would agree with the other reviewers who rank Burgatory above Brgr in Shadyside. Last time I was here, I had an Elk burger with a blueberry Stilton, and it was absolutely amazing. Add a decent beer selection & the best onion rings I've ever had, and I'm sold. It can be crowded, especially on weekends, but I've never had a hard time finding a seat at the bar.Probably the only reason to ever visit Waterworks Mall.
3	I can totally get on board with the concept here, especially since snobby BRGR doesn't allow customization of their burgers at all. Burgatory, by contrast, embraces customization to the extreme with cute build-your-own sheets that you can fill out with a pencil. Gotta love that.They have almost everything you could ever want on a burger (except brie...hint hint). Be careful not to get overzealous with your toppings though, or it will be impossible to eat. Just definitely add their truffle-shallot aioli because it's easily the best thing on that list. And they definitely put BRGR's fries to shame, although if you decide not to upgrade and stick with their homemade chips, you won't be disappointed either.What you may be disappointed in is their idiotic doneness scale that goes by color. I like my burgers rare, so of course I circle "Red." That usually gives me about a medium, a little less than medium if I'm lucky. I get that they're trying to be quirky, but there's a reason the current doneness scale exists--it allows customers to order their meat at a specific temperature, yielding consistent results no matter where they eat. Well, in theory anyway...we all know this isn't true in practice, so why does Burgatory feel the need to complicate things further by making us learn a new scale that, based on my experiences, doesn't even go as raw as I'd like? The always overcooked burgers are what makes this place not my favorite, but since you can cover them with a ridiculous amount of toppings, it's not the worst thing ever. And of course if you like your burgers medium to well done, you'll be happy.The boozy milkshakes are pretty great, and again, way better than BRGR's. I love the Bacon-Apple-Pancake, but it's literally a meal in and of itself. I wouldn't attempt this with a burger and fries again, unless I had the sudden urge to go into cardiac arrest. The best thing to do is to come with a friend and split one of the shakes, that way you'll still have room for the real food!So I know a lot of people are in love with Burgatory, but I'm not about to marry it. I'm already in a committed relationship with Winghart's, but I have to admit I'll sneak away for a hookup with Burgatory every once in a while. Shhh...don't tell!
3	Finally! I made the trek out to Burgatory for what is supposed to be one of the best burger experiences in Pittsburgh. This place has what it takes to be the best but our meal fell a little short. We had to wait 45 minutes to be seated, I have no problem because they have a bar with some great beer choices at reasonable prices. What I did have a problem with was that they use a computer based system that will text you what your wait time is once you arrive and give them your telephone number. I waited exactly 45 minutes until I received a text that my table was ready. Not 40 or 50 minutes but exactly 45 minutes which is what I was told by the waitstaff upon arrival. I find that interesting, is it a scam to get you to go to the bar and spend more? Something to think about. The few wines they offer(2) they will pour a generous $6 glass.Once we were seated at one of their high top tables. We were sweating our tails off because they had the garage door entrance to the patio area wide open. It is 95 degrees out and if I wanted to dine outside I would have asked to be seated in the patio area or stayed home and grilled my own burger. The burger was A-OK for this reason, way overcooked. Was by no means moist or juicy. It did have overall good flavor but, to have a truly awesome burger int needs to be both seasoned properly and also show that some skill and care was taken to actually heat that hunk of meat to perfection. The ingredients burgatory have are obviously top notch but honestly what's the point if you cant cook the the meat properly. Service at Burgatory was very quick and my order accuracy outside of the burger being overcooked was right on.  Will I make the trek back out to Burgatory? Probably not but I will stop by if I'm in the area and there isn't a wait.
4	Why is this place awesome? I guess because it makes you want to go to a strip mall. Also, the Morty's truly does taste like you distilled the essence of Morton's into a delicious burger. Is it the best burger in Pittsburgh? Probably not. Damn good though. Extra points for cool decor, good atmosphere and tons of awesome options to build your own burger.
4	Let's start with a decent beer list.  Young's Double Chocolate Stout?  Thank you, I'll have several as it's very rare to find it served anywhere in Pittsburgh.We went on a Thursday night, full house, but we were seated almost immediately.As for my burger, I decided to build my own: PCP-laced Bison cooked med-rare; topped with bacon, gorgonzola and roasted peppers.  It was excellent and all I could do was lament the fact that this place was not located downtown.I cannot recall what my friends ordered, but perhaps worth noting that this was their 3rd or 4th trip.If Burgatory's quality holds up over time, it could supplant Tessaro's (blasphemy, I know) given their broader selection.
5	Simply the best burger joint I have ever had the pleasure of visiting. The food was top notch, the milkshakes are awesome, and the service was second to none.
4	Huge shakes. Good burger. Decent Gorgonzola fries (I say make them less greasy). In total LOTS of food. I was full before I even got to my burger by sipping on my bf's shake and sharing the fries. Love the fact that you can customize your burger. This scores major points with me!
5	Alright.  Coming into the night I had such high expectations for this place.  Well I am happy to say that I was not disappointed at all. Just a quick interjection, usually when I review places I take into account service.  However, since I liked the food so much here, I am ignoring our terrible waitress that we had and giving this place its deserved 5-star rating.To start out with, my table ordered the nachos.  They were devoured in under 3 minutes.  They were delicious.  Not too much meat and cheese piled on top.  It was the perfect amount.  However, there were tiny amounts of guacamole and sour cream with the plate.  But the cheesy meaty goodness made me forget about the lack of guac and cream.Of course for my main course I had to go with creating my own burger.  It was delicious.  I got a beef burger with basically anything I could throw onto it.  My only nitpicking here was that the cooks seem to go short on some of the toppings.  For example I got two little pieces of avocado, and bits of bacon.  But once again, the "melt-in-your-mouth" taste of the burger canceled out my complaints.  The chips that came with the burger were also delicious.  I dipped those bad boys in ranch dressing.. ohhh boyyy I was feeling good.Even the side of veggies I got were delicious.  Granted I thought there was going to be more than just two different veggies on the plate for $3.50, but yet again, the deliciousness canceled out the complaint.Finally, my table ordered two different shakes: Caramel Pretzel and Smores.  Both were so good that i took the honor of sitting for an extra 10 minutes to make sure i slurped out every last drip.Burgatory was defiantly everything I hoped it would be (besides the terrible waitress).  It was a great meal, and I could easily see myself taking the 45minute drive out there in the next week just to have another burger.
4	My first overall experience at Burgatory was pretty amazing.  My friend and I arrived on a Tuesday evening and were told to expect a 20-30 minute wait but we got in after less than 15 minutes upon receiving a text message that our table was ready - a feature that I LOVE and I wish more restaurants would incorporate.I decided to order a custom-made burger and my anticipation for my food to arrive was pretty intense.  To distract myself as I waited, we split an order of the truffle gorgonzola fries.  The fries were so-so, but the cheese was really delicious.  Our burgers arrived after a slightly longer than usual wait, and it was definitely worthy of a foodgasm.  I got a hormone-free beef patty, herbed focaccia bread, buffalo cheddar (which tasted just like nacho cheese - not quite my fav), sauteed mushrooms, onion straws, sour cream, and a fried egg.  We decided to nickname my burger The Escape Artist because as I was eating it, my egg kept trying to rapel out of my sandwich, despite my repeated attempts to seal its fate by stuffing it back in my sandwich.  I later discovered that the egg's repeated escape attempts were just a distraction to allow my onions and mushrooms to jump ship, because despite me finishing my huge burger with all the fixings, I had enough leftover onions and mushrooms to make my own plate of sliders.  Needless to say, they don't skimp on the toppings.  The side of sweet potato chips we received were also really nice.  Not at all greasy, they were a really nice, subtle compliment to that flavor monster of a burger.We wrapped up our meals with a caramel pretzel milkshake.  Absolutely amazing.  The milkshake had actually hunks of pretzel in it, so it comes with a rather wide straw.  The milkshake was nice and thick but wasn't overly sweet.  It was a great way to end the meal.The only con I have was that we were seated at a tall table accompanied by tall chairs, and the seats of the chairs were definitely on the small side.  It took a bit of adjusting to find a comfortable position, and I'm definitely requesting a table or booth the next time.But overall, the food was really fantastic and I can't wait to get back there to create my next burger masterpiece!
2	My trip to Burgatory got off on a bad start because we were given a 45-60 minutes wait for a table on a Monday night. And once you're way out in Timbuktu (the Water Works), it's not like you're going to change your mind and hop back in the car, so we wandered the soulless shopping plaza for at least 45 minutes before being given a table. I understand a wait on a Friday or Saturday night, but on a Monday night? This place is clearly too popular for its own good. And needless to say, my stomach was growling with sky-high expectations by the time we sat down. I love that the restaurant attempts to simplify the meat-ordering by asking you what color you want your meat to be (red, pink, slightly pink). But when I ask for pink, and I get brown, it's a lot worse than a misunderstanding of what "medium-rare" means. And that's my biggest gripe. Everyone at the table asked for different colors, and we all wound up with the same blah brown.  Aside from the actual burger cooked level, the shakes were lovely, the beer selection varied, and the toppings were outstanding. But if you claim to be a burger place, you have to do your burgers right. If I end up back there, I'll insist on "RED" but I won't go out of my way to wander around the Water Works aimlessly for another hour of my life when Tessaro's and Winghart's are closer and better.
3	So this is one of the burger places that has seemed to get some buzz among a few other good burger focused restaurants around Pittsburgh (namely Brgr and Wingharts). So I just tried this place and had high expectations to go with the the great reviews that I have heard. I love their text to be seated system, so we got to spend our wait shopping at TJ Maxx next door. We get seated in about 30 min, which was pretty good considering the time we went and the popularity of this place. We said that it would be OK to sit at one of the high-top tables. BIG MISTAKE. It's as if they ordered the stools for those tables online and never sat in them to test them out. I am definitely not a fussy person about seating, but these stools were so uncomfortable that it actually affected my dining experience. I would not eat there again if those chairs were the only seating availability and that made me drop a star.Ok aside from the seating, the food was really good. Not the best burger in town, so I had to drop a star. I started with a side salad which was excellent. The greens were very tasty and it was topeed with sundried tomatoes, cherry tomatoes, sunflower seeds, fried onions and delicious vinaigrette. I got the Morty's Steakhouse burger because I wanted to try one of their creations, rather than the create-your-own option. It was very tasty, the meat and sauce combo went really well together. The homemade chips were tasty and I think they were better than the fries (that my brother got). My burger wasn't formed well, so the meat fell apart, which didn't affect taste too much (a bit more cooked in some parts), but it made for a much sloppier dinner. All in all i liked this place and would go back again, as soon as the crick in my neck from those chairs goes away.
5	Seriously, it does NOT get better than this.  Best burgers in the burgh for sure - there is no doubt that someone sold their soul for burgers this good (which is, I guess, the whole point).  We had the Bangkok Steak Fries as an appetizer and wow, I could eat those all day long.  We made our own burgers which were PHENOMENAL, and in the end, the price was pretty reasonable.  I think we were in the $35-40 range between the two of us, and we got the appetizers, fountain drinks, and burgers with lots of extras.  Can't wait to go back and try another one.  Oh yeah, and they just text you when your table is ready so you can go out and go shopping, and not even worry about sitting there waiting for a table (which is good, because when we were there, the place was hoppin'!)  There's a TJ Maxx and Barnes and Noble nextdoor so lots to do while you wait.
4	It took the waitress some time to discover that we are waiting for her to come take our order but she was pleasant.  Negatives: Menu has several code names that we had ask about.....Angel dust, Kona crust, etc etc. Cute! But not helpful for a grouchy, hungry guy like me now. Two: what's up with the chairs? metal, no padding, with two tubes really constraining my butt and I am not the biggest person! Balance chic with comfy please. Positive: The best hamburger I have had in a long while. I had their traditional burger. Fab! My son piled all sorts of stuff on a chicken burger. That came out even more fabulous! I recommend going their in off peak hours. It took them longer on a previous occasion to get us seated and even longer to bring the food which was NOT the taste and quality of our burgers this time. I guess if they are not busy, they put their hearts into it.
4	I was delightfully surprised with how good Burgatory was. I went there with a fear that I was in for a Red Robin'esq experience, over priced mediocre burgers, cheesy restaurant design, and tons of gimmicks. Fortunately Burgatory was as far from this as possible. The burgers were fantastic and I loved the build your own burger check list concept. I can't wait to come back and try another creation. Just to give an idea of what you can expect to spend, a "build your own burger" and a Yuengling was about $13. Also if you are getting there during the dinner rush expect a 30-45 minute wait, fortunately there are plenty of things to keep you occupied near by. We went to Uncle Sam's Subs and had a beer while we waited.
2	I won't rehash the ins and outs of the menu, as many other reviewers have done this admirably.  We went for a late lunch (2pm) and the place was nearly empty, i.e. no wait.  Service was good but in all honesty, she didn't have much to do.  I ordered a custom burger, pink center on a brioche with lettuce, tomato, pickle, mayo and ketchup.  It was above average but overcooked and not anything special.  The accompanying chips were also overcooked and not particularly tasty.  I really wanted to love the place, but for my money, I'll walk up the street to Murray Ave Grill for an exceptionally juicy, tasty burger that is actually cooked to order.
3	Decent food, the milkshakes were pretty awesome. Super slow service though even after the long wait for our table to be cleared. Their build your own burger was cool.
4	Wow, beat the crowd.  Was able to get right in.  What a challenge on deciding what to order.  One of the better burger joints in town!  Drum roll please!  Was watching some very good looking plates coming out of the kitchen.  Mouth started to get moist...tried not to droll.  So the decision is:  The Crab Shack, yes, the crab cake looked and sounded so good.  Was not disappointed.  It was, Oh So Delicious, with a remoulade sauce and creamy slaw on top.  The slaw must have had some celery in it too.  YUM!  Ordered some fries to go with it and the fries were crisp and hot.Was not real hungry and skipped the milk shakes and desert but The Crab Shack was delicious.   Next time will have to try a burger.Service was very good and our meal came out very quickly.
3	We were told that the wait was gonna be 1.5hrs, usually you think it won't actually be that long but in this case it was everybit of what they said, but with all the hype that this place received I thought well it must be worth the wait. So after killing time they finally texted us that our table was ready, our server was excellent, very knowledgeable and curteous. We decided to get an appetizer of the Bangkok Steak Fries, which were actually tempura fried portebello mushrooms, they were excellent to say the least. I ordered the buffaloed byson burger and the wife ordered the phat patti's veggie burger. We received our meals pretty promptly and everything was what we expected, but I have got to say that in my opinion this place is a bit "Over-hyped", I mean don't get me wrong the food was good but maybe I just set my expectations a little bit too high.  Maybe next time we will go at a different time of the day when it isn't as busy, we would try it again but it won't be anytime soon as I know of alot of burger places that surpass Burgatory as a premier "Gourmet" burger joint.
4	Don't get it twisted - a strip mall resty can be the bomb.com. The wait was excessively long, but not surprising due to the lack of seating. The Oktoberfest beer? Hell to the yeah. I can't help but mention that the hostess is a miserable, poorly dressed troll. You should feel blessed to not be seating me at Golden Corral. Black full bottom underwear with a white pleated skirt. EL OH EL. Marg? Yum. Get eight. Great server - attractive, knowledgable, and personable. I love a drink and this place knows their stuff. (My reviews are super lackluster without my peppered swearing, but you'll deal.) Bison burger!!! Duh! Not exactly heart healthy but you can stick your toothbrush down your throat if you feel so inclined. Ginormous cookie? Creaming myself. Oh, and if you don't ask for Marie to serve you then don't exist. Eating at her boyfriend's place next, Meat and Potatz. Seriously worth waiting. Patronize this ish or tie your neck to the rafters - just don't leave your wife with ten million in debt.
4	Got to Burgatory on a Saturday with a party of 6 to celebrate 2 birthdays. One was mine! Were told a 45 minute wait so we roamed around the shopping area until they texted us our table was ready. I think that's so awesome and love when restaurants text or call you so you can walk around. We were seated and our waitress came over to grab drinks. It was difficult for her to hear us a lot of time as it was really loud in there! We had a few create your own burgers that everyone seemed to enjoy. I ordered the Buffaloed Bison burger which was good and was my first experience with Bison. I liked it a lot and the ranch as the sauce was wonderful. My boyfriend got the Farmer Brown with ham and a dippy egg on top. He was in love! We both substituted fries instead of chips and they were crispy and had herbs on them.For the shakes, the table ordered 2 Peppermint Pattie, 2 Espresso Love, 1 Monkey Business and 1 Apple Pancake Bacon. I loved my Peppermint Pattie, it was delicious and I was the only one who sipped mine casually throughout the meal. Everyone else ordered them as dessert and couldn't finish theirs they were so full. I didn't like the apple bacon milkshake, something about the apple flavor did not do it for me. The Monkey Business was too rummy for my boyfriend but I thought it tasted pretty good. The Espresso shake was a hit as well.We had a great time, expect a wait, grab a drink at the bar, and be prepared to loosen your belt.
3	This place was pretty good all things considered.  It's a cool space that's well layed out.  However, much like the Build-a-Bear workshop, having a million options doesn't make a cool looking bear.  It usually ends up with a bear that has a paw where his wang should be, and is dressed like a cross between a policeman, a princess, and the devil himself.It was my own fault that I built the most structurally challenged burger in the universe, but I feel like our waiter should have stepped in at some point and said, 'just because the toppings are free, doesn't mean you have to put them all on one burger you jack ass.'One hilarious bite later, and I had squirted every topping I had right into my basket.  This left me with a hang dog expression, and a naked burger.  The burger itself was really good (pepper crusted bison), but my recommendation is give one of the pre-made one's a shot.  Morty's steakhouse was the one that my friend raved about.  We also got the mushroom tempura and some crazy fries, both of which were relatively good, but seemingly had been sitting on the warmer for a pretty long time.They also have alcoholic milkshakes, but ours were so thick, that it felt like I was being punished for ordering them.  I will definitely go back once the crazy crowds die down to get a better sense of this place.  There really are a ton of burger options to be explored.
4	So apparently the whole gourmet burger and milkshake thing is a NYC fad that's trickled it's way down to Pittsburgh. Though as far as food fads go, I hope Burgatory can manage to stick around after the hype has moved on to artisanal Russian butcher shops or whatever. As a vegetarian, I can say that Burgatory has some of the best veggie burgers is Pittsburgh. And since I do eat seafood (which technically makes me a pescatarian) I can also vouch for their crabcake burgers. The menu does have a few pre-planned burgers, but you can also build your own with a choice of burgers, buns, spice rubs, cheeses, toppings, and sauces. And considering the size of these burgers, Frankenstein's monster is not an inappropriate analogy. And last but far from least are the milkshakes. Each a meal unto itself, and the boozed-up shakes packing a heck of a whallop, these should not be attempted solo without an iron gut and a designated driver. But one sip and you'll be hesitant to share this nearly perfect blend of booze and house-made ice cream.This is not a diet friendly establishment, but if you're going to cheat on Jenny Craig a bit, Burgatory is the place to do it.Pro Tip: Spring for the the french fries in place of the normal side of chips. Totally worth it.
5	Best burgers and shakes ever.
4	Had to stop back and try a burger!1. Waitress gave us menu's2. So many options especially Custom Creation (build your own)...I was dazed.3. Waitress asks are we ready.4. Finally decide to build my own.  A custom burger. Can't wait. fill out the form.5. Waitress stops back to see if we are ready.6. Not quite ready.  Order drinks.7. Finish my build your own...decisions, decisions, decisions.8. Waitress brings drinks and takes our order.  Grabs my Custom Creation sheet and she is off.9. Not to long and our burgers come out.  Mouth watering scrumptious looking.10. Start eating.. this is one of the best burgers I have had in years.  Good beefy flavor, Yum, Nice rub flavors from the rub and other creations that I choose including cheese and condiments...Yum!11. Waitress stops by to see if done or if we need anything.  Most are still enjoying our burgers.12. Waitress stops by to check.13. Still enjoying my burger.14. Waitress stops by to check.15. Still enjoying my burger.16. Finally finish.  It was sooooo gooooood I took my time to savor the flavor.The burger was beautifully cooked, juicy and flavorful.  The chips that came with were very good.  Love the options for Custom Creation.  So many choices so little time to eat!
4	Hearing how this place specializes in specialty burgers and craft brews, we went in anticipating a good time and had high expectations.We were not disappointed. The atmosphere and the decor were relevant to the theme. My burger; a buffalo bison on toasted foccacia with romaine, sun-dried tomatoes, sharp provolone, house ketchup, and whole grain mustered was spiced with "angel dust." I am not exaggerating in saying that it was the best burger I've ever had.My only gripe was that the waitress was somewhat forgetful but I chalk that up this being a new joint rather than anything detrimental. She was otherwise very friendly and did a great job.
1	OK. I was naturally excited about this new burger joint, because people kept raving about it. I thought to myself, this is something I have to try. I kept trying to drop in on the place before and after movies and the place consistently had at least a 45 minute wait to be seated. So...it took a good long time before I actually got to sit down and eat there.So did it live up to the hype???  NOT AT ALL.I ordered there most basic burger, hoping to taste the quality of the meat and how well it was cooked. Just like most red blooded American Males, I'm very serious about my burgers. I was disgusted with this burger and the fries. Note: I did not order any special rubs or hoopla of any sorts. I wanted to see what they were working with. The burger itself was disgustingly sweet. The only thing I could compare it to was Nutmeg. YEA, a meat patty doused in Nutmeg. It was gross. Same for the fries, they were also dusted with this foul concoction. It was an unpalatable mess.People are still raving over it. I don't get it. There are better places to get burgers in the city.The place is straight-up unimpressive.
4	I feel like I've been waiting forever to go to Burgatory. I was reading reviews like some people read trashy romance novels. Lusting over descriptions of meaty juicy burgers and grown up milkshakes. Let me rephrase that DECADENT grown up milkshakes.I don't know when I became so impatient, but the 75 minutes wait felt like ETERNITY. I think my biggest issue is that now that restaurants use a text or call to your cell phone, it often times seems as if people are just walking in and being sat before us. The weather was mild though so sitting outside on the bench was nice. The interior, while small is very hip and clean. Great signs and branding through the space. Concrete and brick floors and high ceilings. It does follow along with the current trend of very dark eateries though, I don't want buzzing fluorescent lighting but I would like to see my food when it comes out.My all opted for Build Your Own burgers. Two of us getting beef while the other two got veggie burgers. I ordered mine red inside and it was mostly pink. I would have been surprised if it had come out red inside though as most places don't want to accommodate that. Everything about the burger was great from the flavor of the meat (no rub) to the huge slice of pineapple, to the sharp provolone cheese, and Bourbon BBQ sauce. Honestly, even this morning all I can think about is the red velvet cupcake milkshake with cake infused vodka in it. I can still taste it. Topped with whipped cream and a red velvet cake lollipop dipped in  chocolate and a cherry pie filling type drizzle.Our waitress was very attentive, the food came very quickly, and while our friends who had the veggie burgers didn't seem stoked on the mushy texture, I couldn't have been happier with my meal.
5	A friend recommended this for my Pittsburgh visit, and it sounded like the perfect Pittsburghy thing to have: luxurious burgers, luxurious shakes, crafty beers, gentrified and post-industrial. We were a group of 5, and we had to wait 90 minutes on a Saturday night - fair enough. They texted us when the table was ready, and in the meantime we could enjoy the fun and sights of Waterworks (well, Barnes & Noble and Bed, Bath and Beyond). We shared 3 shakes (pretzel-caramel, PBJ, and s'mores) - all three magnificent towers of milkshaky perfection. My personal favorite was the pretzel-caramel, which was salty-sweet (also, caramel-salt is very hip right now with my local crowd, so I had that added bonus of feeling trendy... EVEN WHEN I EAT). I got the Farmer Brown burger. Despite the whole place feeling abundant, the portion wasn't overwhelming. Okay, after a fried tempura portobello mushroom (with delish peanut sauce), 3/5 of a shake and my salad, I couldn't finish Mr. Farmer Brown. But so be it! I'll just have to plan better next time. It was glorious.Limited craft-ish beer selection - I wouldn't come here for that, but it was a good layover while we waited for our table. Overall: definitely returning here on my next trip to da burgh.
4	Still on a quest to find a tasty burger in Pittsburgh, my boyfriend and I brought an out-of-town guest to Burgatory on a Friday night.  I knew there would be a wait, since people mention that in all the reviews, but I figured it was one of those things where they say it's a 90 minute wait, but really it's 45 minutes, you know?  Yeah, not so.  They said 75-90 minutes, and I believe it truly was 90.  Wowza.  The place was packed with people waiting.  If it wasn't so cold out, we'd have gone for a walk or something - they have a great text message alert system so they text you when your table is ready.  We just got some beers at the bar - they had Strongbow cider on tap! - and jealously watched everyone else sitting down to eat.After forever, we got to sit down.  Service moved pretty quickly after that.  We all did the build-your-own burger option, feeling slightly overwhelmed by the decisions.  All their beef is hormone-free, which is nice, so I had no qualms about getting the regular beef burger.  I got a whole wheat bun, cracked peppercorn rub, farmhouse cheddar cheese, roasted garlic mayo, applewood smoked bacon, avocado, arugula, and caramelized onion marmalade on mine.  Also ordered fries instead of the usual potato chips that come with, but since I was so hungry and had consumed 2 beers, I can't say whether there was an extra charge for that or not.  Probably.  But I wasn't paying attention.I did pay attention when I took my first bite of the burger - wow.  Juicy and flavorful, perfect medium rare, leaps and bounds above any burger we've tried yet in Pittsburgh.  The roasted garlic mayo was great, the avocado was fresh, and the bacon was perfectly crispy.  There was a generous side of small, crispy fries which were the perfect accompaniment.  Everyone loved their meals - I know my cohorts got fried eggs on theirs, which they enjoyed - and we all agreed it was a meal worth the wait.I'd love to come back here - it reminds me of The Counter in Chicago, another great custom burger joint - but that wait is seriously killer.  If I return, it'll have to be on a day when I'm really in no hurry at all.  90 minutes is a long time to stand around, watching delicious food go past.  But there's a reason this place is so popular - whoever is cooking the burgers and sourcing their ingredients really knows what they are doing.
4	Ah, gustatory Burgatory.  Outside of the State Fair of Texas, I've never seen so many grams of fat in so small a meal (not a true story).There are so many wonderful things to say about Burgatory: the drinks are awesome (try the spiked milkshakes), the burgers are excellent (ask your server about the burger of the day and remember Saturday is wild game day), and the fries, while very salty, are excellent.  Burgers come with house-made potato chips that I don't particularly like, but they'll gladly substitute fries for those.The bland strip mall that serves as Burgatory's location does no justice to the amazing service and food you'll find inside.The one thing that brings this down from five stars to four is the wait.  I'm not sure *any* burger is worth a two-hour wait, so I tend to hit Burgatory later in the evening, at which point I'm nearly starving, the servers are visibly worn out, and the wait is a mere one hour instead of two.  At least there's a Barnes & Noble a few doors down.
5	Mmmsogood as I hummed delicious words under my breath with the first taste of THE MOST DELICIOUS BURGER i have ever eaten (perhaps it was b/c I personally designed it).  This place is the real deal and a must-go!  They have a little burger form (best form you'll ever fill out) with the biggest variety of sauces/patties/freebies/additions/anything you could ever want.  My perfect burger:- a brioche bun - an angel dust rub on my beef (salt/pepper)- arugula (they have at least 3 diff spins on typical lettuce-iceberg, arugula, romaine, etc)- tomato- bacon- fried egg- guacamole+ crispy homemade potato chips (and bbq flavored too)This was a very tall glass of burger.  You can also have it different ways as my other friends did - topless ( no bun on top), full monty (no bun at all), or with a salad (healthy!).  The chips were perfect, crispy, warm, and flavorful.Have never been to this "wingharts" place that everyone else seems to rave about but right now I couldn't imagine anything better than Burgatory!
4	I really like this place.  As a vegetarian, I've only had a couple of items on the menu:  the veggie burger and the portabello mushroom sandwich and both were excellent.  The latter comes with a side salad of mixed greens including arugula and roasted tomatoes with a really intense flavor that are to die for.  The portabello sandwich is very nicely seasoned and grilled and comes on a foccacia bun so you can't hate that.We shared a milkshake -- it was big enough for two but I probably could have had one to myself -- that was sweet and salty as it had crushed up pretzels in it -- very tasty indeed.It is the new "hip" place in Waterworks so there is usually a line but they will take your cell phone number and send you a text when your table is ready.  They usually over-estimate the wait by a significant amount (we've never had to wait nearly as long as they said.)A warning about the chairs at the tables and the flat tops:  I found them to be extremely uncomfortable.  Try to get a booth, if you can.
4	Siracha wings, gorganzola.truffle oil fries, and two custom creation burgers were all very good. Couldn't resist trying the banana ketchup w/ jerk seasoning banana peppers & lettuce tomato & red onion on brioche bun. Terrific taste & cooked perfectly med rare. Great little place. Will be back 2 try something else.
4	i had been waiting sooo long to come here after i saw a friend post a picture of their gorgonzola fries, and alas! the time had finally come. well... after an HOUR AND A HALF / HOUR AND FORTY-FIVE MIN wait to be seated. (you'd think they'd learn to either take reservations or expand by now).well, at least after getting a table, i'm happy to say that burgatory definitely did not disappoint (and i definitely went  home in a massive food coma). ordered the onion rings & gorgonzola fries to start / on the side. boyfriend ordered their crabcake sandwich & i made my own bison burger. the gorgonzola fries were heavenlyyy. the onion rings were also thick and crunchy, though i would probably hold off on ordering them next time and save room for a shake (which i heard are quite delectable).  and of course, i enjoyed both the crabcake and bison burgers. took the side chips in a to-go box. still crunchy and delicious the next day. can't wait to come back here, though i'll probably try to come on  a tuesday afternoon or something.
5	Outstanding burgers and fantastic shakes. The creative burger combinations are surpassed only by the build your own burger. The unique shakes are both tasty and memorable.
5	Such a good burger place.  I love a place that gives you options and they give you tons.  I chose their Buffaloaded Bison burger which was great.  They also have amazing shakes.  I got a hard shake and the liquor taste was a tad on the strong side, however, my friends caramel and pretzel shakes were delish.  I would highly recommend this place for some good times and good food.
5	I love it!!!  It is SO AWESOME!  We have been there two times and we have had terrific experiences both times.  They text you when your table is ready.  We have been told we would have 20 minute waits or longer but it is never that long!  The burgers are cooked to perfection (just the way you want them)!  And the shakes....HOLY COW!!!!  The caramel pretzel shake....out of this world!!!!  We will definitley go back!!!!
4	I've heard some good things about Burgatory and finally had the opportunity to try it last night. Since it was late on a Monday night there was no wait and we were seated right away, which was great. The staff were friendly, helpful and took their time with us...but I don't know if thats because it wasn't so crowded. The menu looked really interesting with plenty of options for finger foods, sides, burgers, and sandwiches. I would have liked to try more things but I HAD to order a spiked milkshake. I ordered the almond tort and it was SO GOOD. There was a ton of whip cream but I didn't think that was a bad thing. You could taste the liquor but it wasn't overpowering and I really enjoyed it. My friend got the non-alcohol nutella milkshake and that was delicious too. For my burger I ordered the Jerk Chicken one. I would normally just get a regular beef burger but this just sounded very interesting to me. It had jerk seasoning, pineapple, banana ketchup, and other toppings on a whole wheat bun. It was messy but pretty good. I think next time I would go for a beef burger. There was the option of building your own burger, which my friends took advantage of. Their burgers looked delicious and they had nothing but good things to say. I would go back and explore the menu a little better.
4	It was an on the spot decision to head to burgatory for a burger.  We had heard good things about it so we thought to give it a shot.  The place is nice.  Spacious and nice.  Service is fast as well.  The menu was nice, you had also the chance to make your own burger so this is a plus too.  The actual food experience was very nice, meat cooked as you ask for it.  I will definitely go back to taste the rest of the burgers! (the list is huge!!!)
4	Wow. I'm really starting to enjoy this whole Burger movement after having visited a few of these places, and Burgatory left its mark on my hungry soul. I made my own burger and it was delicious, but I have to say I'm about to rave about my drink and side much more.My friends and I started the night with milkshakes. Maybe we should have saved them for desert (they were more like a meal to themselves), but these milkshakes were delicious. I went for the spiked Monkey Business shake. I love anything banana, but I was pleased from the whipped cream down to the subtle, but definitely there, flavor of rum. My absolute favorite part of the meal, however, were the truffled gorgonzola fries. Could there be a better combination of flavors than truffle oil and gorgonzola cheese? Oh yes. Add fries. Amazing.The burger I created was a thing of beauty as well. I think next time (and I sure hope next time is soon) I'll go with a combination created on the menu to see what they really have up their sleeves.
4	Awesome place great food and wonderful service:) the menu had lots of great selections with catchy names. The burgers were amazing the buffalo burger was delicious. This place was a little on the franchise feel environment but not too over whelming. There was a nice selection of shakes and alcoholic beverages although I was to full from half of my burger to have a shake but will def go back to try a few more things on the menu.
5	Ridiculous good!  I never thought a hard milkshake could be done so well, but the espresso milkshake was beyond wonderful.  The burger choices are too many, but the quality of the food ensures that I will be back to try more varieties.The staff was great too!  Worth the trip no matter the distance you have travel.
5	Wow.  I didn't think I would find such a great burger joint in Pittsburgh on my first try, but this place may end up being my favorite for the Burgh.To start, I love the ambiance of this place.  I was skeptical parking in the strip mall, but the low lighting, dark atmosphere, and chic decorations transport you away to...well, Burgatory.  Our waiter was very nice and helpful in explaining some of the different options on the menu.  He didn't seem to mind at all that we were taking our time.We started off with the Gorgonzola fries, which were awesome even without the yummy cheese.  They had the perfect crispiness if you ask me.  The Gorgonzola was delicious and complimented the fries well.  They were careful in making the dish not to put too much of the strong cheese over the fries.  Nicely balanced Burgatory (+1).I ended up getting the "Meat your Maker" medium rare as per my waiter's recommendation.  Let me tell you, he was right.  This thing was awesome.  At first, I was a little disappointed--expecting the greasy goodness that I sometimes demand from my burger--but this one was different.  This one was...divinely refined.  All of the subtle flavors started to come to together and sing in sweet burger harmony.  The dry aged wagyu beef started the chorus with its sweet onion crust playing the harmony.  The beef alone had amazing flavor and texture.  It wasn't before long that the roasted tomatoes and Gruyere joined in the delicious melody.  Then, out of no where, the truffled shallot aioli burst on to my taste buds to steal the show.  It's like a choir of angelic burger fairies were dancing and singing on my tongue.  Ah yes, Burgatory, you have raised my bar on what I can expect out of a delicious, refined, perfectly conceptualized burger... I shall return.  Perhaps to raise my bar a bit higher ;-)
4	You can eat your weekly calorie allotment here in one meal!Caramel pretzel milkshake is to die for!  Note to all:  split it, don't try to drink it alone if you are eating a burger as well.  And, it's not that great when it is all melty!Beef burgers are made to order--yum!  Got the ciabatta bun--mistake.  Too hard to eat your burger this way.  Not exceptionally big burgers, but they can be loaded with all your favorites!Go at an off hour if you want to hold a conversation with the person you are with.  Extremely noisy!
4	I am lucky enough to live (part of the year) 5 minutes from Burgatory. It's a very refreshing, trendy restaurant and bar to have in the area, which is a fairly quiet suburb of Pittsburgh.My most recent stop included an Au Naturel (bunless) chicken burger (ground chicken) with a BBQ rub, lettuce, tomato, onion, and spicy ketchup. I used the Build-Your-Own option which has pretty much any topping you could want on a burger. The Buffalo Cheddar cheese is to die for. I paired it with one of the 12 beers they have on tap -- Stoudt's Revel Red Hoppy Ale. This selection rotates frequently, which is nice. I love the atmosphere, the food is great, and the service is decent. I haven't been there when it has been crazy busy, so I can't comment on their efficiency, but all in all, I am VERY pleased with this place. Also, the prices are pretty good for such a trendy place!
4	I love this place :D I was really skeptical about the restaurant, but as soon as I walked in I was hooked. The decorations are really witty and the name itself made me smile! (Burger purgatory= Burgatory LOLOL) and the waitresses were really nice. The wait was super long though-- I think an hour and a half. But the food was definitely definitely worth it. Soo good. You can customize a burger exactly how you want it! I'm coming here again!
5	Love the veggie patty and the build your own menu.
5	This place is phenomenal. Fantastic food, atmosphere, and prices. I hope more of these start popping up.
4	I wish you could give half stars, because I would give this 3 and a half stars.  But I'm bumping it up because it is MUCH better than BRGR AND because their shakes were phenomenal.I went there with a few friends one evening for dinner.  It was a weekday, so we were surprised to find that the wait time was about an HOUR!  One nice thing they do here, though, is put you on the waitlist and then take your cell number -- and TEXT you when your table is ready.  I thought it was a nice way to get past those little pagers that more restaurants give you -- because you're not tied down to some small range.  We killed a little bit of time shopping while waiting to get our table and it made the wait a lot more manageable.The decor of the restaurant is cool -- it is winter so they had their patio area screened in and they had these AWESOME fire-looking heaters.  Our server was very friendly and prompt with taking our order.  I tried the Espresso Love milkshake and my friends had the Monkey Business and the Guiness Float.  My milkshake had a great flavor, but I found the chucks of espresso beans to be a bit off-putting.  My friend LOVED her Monkey Business shake and was kind enough to let me try it -- and it was DELICIOUS.  Our other friend said the Guiness float was... interesting, but not his favorite.  The shakes were HUGE and came with a metal cup with "overflow" shake in it -- neither of us could finish the whole thing!We ordered the truffled fries -- so tasty!  I think I am in love with truffles!  I probably ate a few too many fries because between those and my shake, I was nearly full by the time our burgers came.Each got a burger.  A Morty's Steakhouse for me, Farmer Brown for my friend, and a custom burger for my other friend.  The burgers took a while to arrive, but overall were flavorful.  Not the best burgers I've ever had but they were solid.  Maybe it is partly because I was pretty full from the milkshake and the fries, though!  Us two girls couldn't finish our burgers and chips, but our guy friend did finish his. I agree with one of the other reviewers that it would have been nice to have more sweet potato chips.  I would even be willing to pay a bit extra for ALL sweet potato chips, but they are kind of an obsession for me.Overall, a good burger, but I wouldn't personally drive out of my way for it when there is a GREAT burger joint close-by in the city.  I would def. meet friends there for a burger or stop in for one if I were in the area.
4	I just have to share with yinz how much I LOVE their spiked milkshakes!  I know, I know...it's a burger place.  It's called BURGATORY for gosh sakes!  But, gosh darnit, those shakes are killer!  I just had my second one today, the S'Mores, and it was beyond amazing...They bring it to you with a huge seared marshmallow in a large 20oz glass, with a tin of the extra inside.  It's supersize American all the way, and I love it!  It's made with vanilla ice cream and chocolate liquor, with tiny graham cracker crumbs inside.  The first milkshake I had was the Almond Torte, which is made with Prantl's Burnt Almond Torte with vanilla vodka and amaretto.  I'd have to say this is a close call between which one is better.  Either or are gonna satisfy your sweet tooth.  Okay, so the burgers.  Still good.  Still a lot to decide on!  They give you a whole sheet of options to make your perfect burger.  Seriously, any way you've ever thought of making your burger, I'm sure you could get it here!  I always go with the whole wheat bun (to make myself feel better about that shake) and my only gripe is it falls apart as soon as you pick it up.  So I usually eat the burger with a fork.  I had come here when the place first opened and I wasn't too into the chips they server with the burger.  They were a little limp.  Now they're nice and crunchy, still with the mix of sweet potato and regular.  I just hope they bring a Burgatory closer to town...although that boozy milkshake will be calling for me!
4	Their food is amazing, but go for the Shakes!  You won't be disappointed!
5	I wish there were 6 stars! The host was super friendly, got our group of 8 seated within half an hour. Love the text message system for table availability...you can easily wander over to TJ Maxx or Barnes & Noble while you're waiting.I got my burger with peppercorn crust, bacon, crispy onions, and cheddar on the herbed focaccia and it was PERFECT as usual. I do wish the chips were all sweet potato chips though, they are way better than the regular potato chips! Also tried the new Nutella shake and OMIGOD it was so good. This is definitely a place we take out of town friends when we want to impress them. Keep up the good work, Burgatory.
5	Ever since I learned to make Juicy Lucys, I haven't been tempted to try out the high-end burger joints like BRGR or Burgatory.  Doesn't paying $13 for a fancy schmancy wagyu burger seem akin to paying $100 for designer jeans?  Well, I actually have a couple of Lucky Brand Jeans, so let's get this review going!I had a great meal!  A bucket of truffled gorgonzola fries?  Yes, please.  "Unbelievable," was uttered.The Meat Your Maker, a wagyu burger, was as advertised.  I was pretty skeptical of the Make Your Own Burger approach.  I thought it was a gimmick: No, sir, if I wanted to make my own burger, I would have stayed home! But, there are 5 to 12 options for meat, buns, cheeses, rubs, sauces, and condiments .  These are all high-end, gourmet condiments (e.g., Kona Rub, truffled shallot aoli, aged gruyere, avocado wasabi) and you can really create a fantastic burger to your liking.I shared, reluctantly, the Nutella milkshake.  It is enough for two, and it was a great desert.  There's nothing like an old-school, new flavor milkshake.So how many calories are we at now? 5000? No worries, I just took an extra Lipitor and Aspirin when I got home, after I popped the button on my Lucky Brand Jeans.Burgatory exceeded BRGR in terms of tastiness, ease of parking (at the Waterworks Mall), kid-friendliness, and overall service.  If you're deciding where to go, choose Burgatory (Lipitor and Aspirin not included).
5	Wow!!  A burger joint where the burgers taste as good as they look!  Finally had a chance to take the family for some shakes and burgers and the kids keep asking to go back!  Love all the different shakes and the flavor twists!  My son tried the mini-cheeseburgers and LOVED them.  I had a bite and was very impressed how the kids burger tasted - not a dried out round orb that they normally serve to children.  Burgers were cooked perfectly as requested.  Loved that you could build your own burger with really different options.  This will be our go-to dinner spot from now on!
4	Surprisingly hip, especially since it's part of a strip mall, you usually find places this trendy in tucked away, older neighborhoods of Pittsburgh, It's a little pricy for burgers and shakes, but you're compensated by the atmosphere. I have a feeling that people either love it and are regulars or tend to visit once and find it a little overrated. I had no complaints with my burger, except that they forgot to put something that I ordered on my burger (you can custom-order a burger by filling out a paper scorecard in the center of your table) and I was too timid to mention it to my waiter. I would return here, it's also conveniently located by the cinema, with a little walkway that cuts through the strip mall, so if carefully scheduled, dinner here and then a movie would be a good night out.
4	My hubby and I checked this place out soon after moving to the 'Burgh. We liked it so much that we went back within two weeks. I actually stopped my hubby from going a third time in a month because, as a dietitian, I don't think it'd be right if I became a regular at a burger joint!Their burgers are definitely delicious. I'm taking off a star because I ordered mine medium (I like a little pink in the center) and mine came out overcooked. The second time I went I asked for mine medium rare, and I'd say it was a perfect medium. Although I'm not a huge fan of chips, their side of chips is a tasty accompaniment. We always order a side of fries as well. Also, their milkshakes are worth checking out!  I've tried the caramel pretzel milkshake and it was delicious! Never thought I'd like chunks of pretzel in my milkshake, but it created that perfect blend of salty and sweet. My only recommendation with the shakes is to pace yourself (or order it as a dessert). My hubby and I barely had room for our burgers! Both times we went around 8pm on a Sunday night and had no issues getting seated right away. Service was great. Our first waiter actually remembered us the second time we came and stopped by our table to say hi (see why I couldn't go a third time?!). Don't be turned off by the location of Burgatory. Although it's in a strip mall setting, the inside atmosphere is completely different. All in all, Burgatory is definitely worth checking out if you're in the mood for a good burger and shake. I have no doubt that my husband is counting down the days until our next visit!
3	After hearing all the raving about this place, figured I would try it out.  Went about 5PM on a Saturday afternoon and was told to expect a 70-90 minute wait, which was not a problem as they text you and give you a web link to check where you were in line.  We wandered the strip mall and saw us move quickly to under 10 and about a hour later, we got the "ready" text.Quickly seated and ordered, the food came out, it was okay, not good, not great, but okay.  $85 for two kids meals, 4 shakes (2 adult, 2 w/o alcohol) and tip.Good but not great food, shakes were the best part of the meal.
5	Burgatory is one of my favorite spots.  Each time I get something different, which makes dinner more fun and creative when you can make your own burgers.Follow them on facebook for Burger Of The Day updates.Oh, and try the truffle fries - they are a $5 bucket of heaven!
4	We simultaneously looked at each other, having just taken our first bite, eyes widened, and we said, "we're never going to BRGR again!" You can build your own burger, ordering each component from a pre-printed sheet, kind of like ordering sushi. Choose a meat, a rub, a sauce, cheese, and toppings (some free, like organic greens; and some $1, like onion strings), and cooking temperature. Alternately, there's several pre made options available, including one I definitely plan on trying that's topped with an over easy egg. We also ordered their Buffalo wings, and, of course, spiked shakes. Buffalo wings were great-- nice and crispy with a nicely spicy sauce. The spiked shakes might be where BRGR wins. I got the salted nutella shake, and added vanilla vodka. The shakes come topped with a *a lot* of home-made whipped cream, and there are big chunks of chocolate candy in the shake. Both of those things tasted good, but I wanted a smooth shake, and there was just too much whipped cream for my taste. Also, on Saturdays they have exotic meat burgers, and they update their website each week so that you can know when you can get that Python burger you've been craving!
4	A fantastic selection of meats, rubs, toppings, and sauces, this is one of the most thoroughly complete build-a-burgers I've ever seen.  The ingredients are all high quality, and they prepare the patties well more often than not.  The milkshakes--alcoholic and otherwise--are also fun and original.
4	Who has two thumbs and orders a portabello sandwich at a burger joint?  THIS guy.I can't believe it's taken me this long to visit Burgatory.  Everyone is right - it's AWESOME!  Our service was great; nice beer selection; and I'm a big fan of the menu: creative burger choices and other great options for us not-so-burger-lovin' people.  And the shakes? They require a three syllable da-a-amn.  I didn't have one to myself, but took a sip/spoonful of my date's Pittsburgh Strawberry Pretzel Salad shake and it was deeeelicious.  My sandwich was a juicy compilation of mushroom and melt-in-your-mouth gouda complemented with a really nice batch of seasoned (what IS that seasoning - I can't quite figure it out) fresh french fries.  The only sad part of my visit was that I neglected to take the red plastic pitch fork that held my sandwich together with me when I left.  I can't wait to go back and eat a piece of everything on that entire menu!
1	I have heard good things about this place but I can't get a table in less than 2 hours ( I have tried 3 times).  The fact that they dont take reservations is highly annoying, I have made my last attempt to eat here, very very very frustrating.   Unless you want to spend your entire night waiting for a glorified big mac, I say skip down to Tessaro's where youll get a seat in a much timelier fashion.
5	By far one of the best places to get a burger in the Burgh area.  I've tried four of the six patties on the custom patties section, with different combinations of toppings/buns/rubs and cannot find a thing wrong with anything.  Get a burger with fries or decide to opt out of the fries and get a mix of potato chips made from russet and sweat potatoes.  One cannot describe what can be said of the shakes, who knew that ice cream mixed with such a combination as smores could bring back memories of a childhood campfire?  The atmosphere of this location is great, especially in the summertime when you can sit anywhere in the restaurant and feel the breeze coming in from outside.  The staff is amazing and right on point.  If you show up at a busy time, instead of getting one of those annoying coaster like devises that could be used as a weapon, they can text you when your table is ready.  All in all, it's worth the trip.
4	This Burger Bar turned Haute cuisine presents meticulous preparation and careful presentation of food, at a minimal price level, accompanied by a great beer selection. Although the potato 'chips' given with every order are less than desirable, other side options are available. The Malt Shakes provided are a perfect compliment to any meal, and are eachly unigue. The service is fantastic! Waiters/Waitresses are well skilled on the menu and all of it's resultant combinations. ...It is in your best option to make reservations ahead of time, for an average dinner wait could set you back a good 45 minutes, but it is well worth it. Many people try to compare Burgatory with BRGR, which is a similar burger joint in Pittsburgh. Let me first say that Burgatory is alike only in the fact that it serves gourmet meat patties, but BRGR definitely surpasses the Haute quality on many levels. Overall, if you are desiring a good buger with the availablility of countless toppings, Burgatory is the best bet. The only gripe I hold, is that they do not have Blue Cheese or a Buffalo sauce, nor an option of a crispy grilled Foie gras. 8/10 ...Go Steelers..
4	Great for kids and for making you feel like a kid again. Milkshakes are big enough to share, too.
5	It is making my burger list because they put liquor in my milkshake :-)I have been to this place many times but have been asked to wait 2 - 2.5 hours for a seat.   I usually pass.    I stopped in for happy hour during the week and was able to sit at the bar and get a burger.This place serves a great burger - cooked perfectly with the all the right ingredients.    I also ordered the truffle fries on the side (not served with the meal).I ordered a Banana Milkshake with booze (not sure what it was called - some reason I want to call it Chunky Monkey (Ben and Jerry's) but afraid that I am describing myself sitting at the bar eating a Cheeseburger, fries, truffle fries, and a liquored up Milkshake) - whew I feel the need to do a push-up.The food was awesome and the milkshake was a novelty to try once.Even though this will exceed your Weight Watcher points for the year - you MUST try this place.   (I still will not wait for a seat) but it is good to check out for availability.Food - Burger was awesome - a high recommendPrices - Burger was about $10, overall bill for my little buffet was about $25 - liquor in your milkshake is expensive :-)Service - Awesome - the bartender was great and provided good recommendations and explanationsEnjoy!  I will be back (after I buy some new stretchy pants)
5	Went tonight for first time!! Loved it!! Milkshake was awesome and create your own burger is great!!! Also love that the will text u when table is ready so u dont have to sit around waiting!!
5	This place was really good. The wait was about 40 minutes for us, but they have a pretty good text messaging system for waiting. I got the Crab Shack. It was good but I feel like their other burgers were probably better. It's basically a big crab cake made into a burger, so if this is your first time, try something else is my recommendation.We were too full to try the shakes, but my friends and family won't stop telling me how good they are.
5	Hands down, the best burger in Pittsburgh.  Many others have commented on the great milkshakes, the toppings, the bun, etc., but for me it comes down to the hamburger meat.  It is high-quality, freshly ground, and hand-formed into patties, giving their burgers incredible flavor, in a form that just melts in your mouth.  Nothing else can compare.  I'd probably come here every day if it wasn't for the 3,000 or so calories I consume on every visit. And I split my burger and shake with my wife!
5	Burgatory is awkwardly (awesomely??) located right in the middle of an outdoor shopping center. The internet informed me that the wait here is ridic on weekends, and when I called at 6:15 I was told there was a 2 hour wait and had to come down in person to put my name in. After some aggressive driving, getting our names in, and shopping at TJ Maxx (next door!!!), 90 minutes passed and I was TXT MSG'd that our table was ready. I replied with a winky robot face ;] but the flirtation was not mutual :'[Before I go any further, I need to state that Xzibit is to Pimp My Ride as Jason J. is to burgers. Another simile to follow. Allow me to describe the ingredients and reasoning that I believe made the perfect burger off of the Custom Creations menu:Bison meat: I shouldn't need to explain this, but M Bison was a force to be reckoned with in the Streetfighter games. He would have wanted my burger this way.Brioche roll: Gotta impress the ladies with my worldliness and shit.Angel Dust rub: Admittedly, I had no idea what was in it before ordering, and still don't, yet it was critical that it be all up in my bison patty. Angel Dust rub is to happiness as Angel Dust / PCP is to tripping balls. Bam. You've been double similed. Horseradish cheddar: I was about to get the whatever cheddar then happened to glance at this wondrous combination of unlikely foodstuffs. History made. No going back.Truffled shallot aioli: I literally would have hated myself forever if I did not get this.Fried egg: You know who doesn't get fried eggs on their burgers? Assholes. And vegans. On their vegan burgers. Applewood smoked bacon: Standard decision. I need some sort of control ingredient on all my burgers anyways.Romaine lettuce and pickles: Because sometimes I like my salads on top of my meat.Blood: If a burger isn't rare / medium rare, we have a problem.The adorbz girlf inhaled a Meat Your Maker burger (dry aged Wagyu beef with sweet onion crust, aged Gruyere, roasted tomatoes, organic field greens and truffled shallot aioli) and my tastebuddies approved of her selection. We also ordered the truffled Gorgonzola fries which was obviously the best decision regarding fried food selection that evening. Liquid accompaniment was handled by a shake with the namesake Grand-dad's Secret (Old Grand-Dad bourbon (THE KEY TO MY HEART), caramel, ice cream, and whipped cream). Zounds.Why does this estabilishment not exist in Boston?
5	Since it opened, Burgatory has grown from an imaginative and delicious purveyor of patties to an absolutely stellar and complete burger-eating experience.  In fact, it's gotten to the point where this is the only burger joint in all of Allegheny County that I'd even consider going out of my way to visit (which I do quite frequently).Earlier problems of inconsistent cooking seem to be well in the past, and the entire staff's obvious devotion to superior burgercraft is evident at every turn.  The waitstaff is friendly, helpful, and extremely knowledgeable.  Whether answering questions about the finer points of grilling a burger to specific temperatures or suggesting a milkshake pairing to best match your burger choice of the evening, even the most die-hard burger fanatics (such as myself) can feel that they're in very good hands.  My most recent visit was for my birthday, and our waitress Meredith provided better, friendlier and more enjoyable service than did the entire team at Le Bernardin during my last visit there (the #18 restaurant on the planet could learn a thing or two from Burgatory).The burgers are likewise a grand achievement, and the stunning number of choices and possible combinations a diner can create makes the consistent quality of every ingredient and every burger preparation all the more impressive.  Burgatory honestly boasts the best array of build-a-burger options I've seen in a lifetime spent eating hundreds upon hundreds of burgers all over the state and country.  The selections of meats, buns, toppings, and sauces comprise an embarrassment of riches for the hungry imagination.  The rubs are especially imaginative, offering a unique way to enhance the flavor profile of any custom-creation.The Burger of the Day (the B.O.D.) often highlights ingredients not normally on the menu.  Sundays tend to feature brunch burgers, while Saturdays are the day for off-menu meats (Wild Boar, Alligator, Elk...)--but they've been known to run out of the more popular Burgers of the Day, so go for lunch if you have your heart set on a particular patty (I learned that one the hard way a few weeks ago).Their milkshakes are also worthy of note, but this review is getting long enough--and let's be honest, if you need a milkshake to talk you into visiting a burger place, you're probably not serious enough about your burgers to require Burgatory's special touch, so why don't you eat someplace else and shorten the waits for the rest of us.It is only my geographic distance from this location, combined with passing concerns about my own longevity, which prevents me from eating here 5 or 6 times per week.
4	My friends insisted we go here, so we checked it out. I must say, it's a hidden gem in the Waterworks strip mall. We were lucky to get seated right away because we went in around 11:45 on a Sunday morning.First, the entryway decor let's you know they're serious about their restaurant, and once you're inside, you can tell that it's going to be a great experience. The decor is sort of like a barn/pub with its dark wood. During colder weather, they have standalone heaters that shoot flames through a tube, which were blowing my mind. The theme of Purgatory was kept through the menu design, and I liked the succinct but varied options.Service was great and helpful. Our waiter walked me through the "create your own burger" option by explaining different menu items when I had questions. He also was helpful in getting me a plain vanilla milkshake that is not listed on the menu. By the way, the milkshakes here are awesome. I'm glad to pay $6 for one because of the quality and quantity. They topped it off with a large mountain of fresh whipped cream and a Nilla wafer. Anyway, back to the burgers. I had a whole bunch of things thrown onto my burger (sauteed mushrooms, red onion, whole grain mustard, organic greens, etc...), all held together in a brioche bun. The ingredients they use are very good quality (the flavors came through for everything), and the beef patties are generously portioned. Oh, they also get style points because they use organic grass-fed beef as the basic burger option. The accompanying chips are pretty good as well, and I like that they also throw in sweet potato chips into the mix. Overall, this is a great place to get your gourmet burger fix. The experience is a good one, and it's worth the slight premium. It's a bit out of the way of normal places I go in Pitts, but it's well worth the short trip out if you want to get away from the normal stuff.
3	Let me preface this by saying that I have lived in Philly and good burger bars are a dime a dozen there so I probably have higher standards than most.  I give Burgatory an A for effort in that they definitely have some interesting choices with how to create a burger and their burgers are pretty good.  However, beers are overpriced and the wait is usually pretty long unless you can get there around 5-530 for dinner.  Plus it is in a strange location in a shopping center tucked back in a walkway area and it is a pain to get to if you are coming from town.  BRGR is very similar if you are in town and looking for a chic burger bar.
3	I'm going to have to be harsher here, and give it a 3.Because of SOOOO much hype about this place, I really expected heaven in my mouth. The burgers are decent, not much different than BRGR, just that you can create your own, which is great, but if I wanted to create my own, I'd make my own at home. I like a restaurant that dictates their dishes and stands behind them 100%. The spiked milkshakes were massive and pretty strong, but ridiculously sweet. Don't get me wrong, the food and drinks were all fine and dandy, just didn't have that WOW-factor I look for when a place gets so much hype and rave. Also every time I went there was a 1-2 HOUR wait. WAY TOO RIDICULOUS. Too much effort in my opinion. Rather go to BRGR for a closer, faster option. Same thing.
4	Good service. Good nachos. Good burgers. Amazing shakes. Great environment. Great place.
4	Ok, after four or five visits, I can officially say that Burgatory is my number two favorite place in da burgh for excellent quality hamburgers!My reason for going to any burger joint, or any other kind of eatery, is not for the atmosphere, my goal is to put quality food in my mouth.  Burgatory certainly puts an excellent piece of meat in my mouth!I've gone with a group of friends, and several times with single friends, and in the food I have never been disappointed.  From appetizers to burgers, everything has been plentiful, made exactly the way I liked it, made my tongue very happy, filled me up adequately, and didn't completely break the bank.I generally opt to build-my-own burger, with the brioche bun, and whatever toppings I happen to be in the mood for.  They don't skimp on the toppings, and they're fresh and yummy.  When building your own, you have a checklist, with several columns, from choices of meat, bread, rubs, cheeses, sauces, veggies, and a few more, most of which are pick one free, then add for additionals.  The three levels of cooking are 'red, pink, brown', and they indeed arrive how you choose it.  The burgers come automatically with fresh home made potato chips, but you can upcharge for some pretty spectacular fries, and they actually come in a big enough order to satisfy, not 'tease' like at BRGR. I've not had a shake, but I have tasted my friend's and yup...they're pretty yummy too, but I'm not much into spending money on uber-marked up booze anywhere.The chicken wings are pretty darned tasty and plump, and the other appetizer I had at my recent visit were the Bangkok Steak Fries. Basically three HUGE portobella mushrooms cut in half, fried in a tempura batter, and served with a peanut dipping sauce.  These were absolutely incredible and so huge I though about taking part home, but ended up just stuffing myself before the burger came.They are on Facebook, and you can see their daily specials posted if you 'like' them, and quite often I wish I was free on the days that some of those specials come through. They truly look exotic and amazing.I've had mixed experiences wit the service, from one gal who was about as apathetic as could possibly be - kind of a 20 year old Fox Chapel Barbie wannabee on Valium - to one boy who was determined to flirt his way into a bigger tip - but for the most part, including the most recent visit, the staff has been very professional and helpful, and efficient.The only complaints I have are that the space can be cramped. Booths are great, and the hightop tables are fine, but sometimes sitting at a small two-top in the main dining area is a little too invasive with the folks right at the next table. Second can be the wait period.  They are BUSY during the usual main dining hours, and your wait can be two hours. Fortunately, you ARE at a mall, so if you've got some shopping to do, they will either text you or page you when your table is ready.  I suggest planning your visit for an off-time so that you can get in and get seated in a decent amount of time.  And final complaint, just from a personal place, ENOUGH with the ad-nauseum sports TV coverage. You've got 275 TVs lining the bars and the walls...can ONE of them have something other than mindless sports channels showing?But generally speaking, Burgatory beats the pants off of BRGR, Tessaros, Round Robin, Five Guys, and any other place I've been in da burgh that lays claim to great burgers...except one. Winghart's in Market Square still hits my tongue as the 'best'.But Burgatory, keep doing what you're doing. I'll be back.
4	I've visited twice, once on a Friday night and once on an off-peak week night. Going on a Friday night is/was a mistake. The place is packed, you can't make reservations as I understand it, and they have an odd procedure for putting your name down. We witnessed people being given upwards of 15-20 minutes to return once they were informed there table was ready. Frustrating. But I knew it was gonna suck as far as wait being Friday night. I'm a firm believer that NO meal is worth waiting for, expecially for for waiting over and hour - for a burger. But as I said that one is on me for going on a Friday night. My other visit was much more pleasant and prompt. Out of all the new burger joints in the 'Burgh. This place is the winner thus far. Portion sizes up to par. Tasty food. Ability to create your own burger. The only improvement would be the one I make for just about every restaurant - please stop using vegetable oil for frying. It tastes like crap and it's horrible for your health. Lard, bacon fat, butter, etc. All far better options. Burgatory has offically been added to the rotation, I'll be back.
5	One of the better burgers I have had in Pittsburgh. Came here for a small event. The food was delicious and the hospitality was incredible. We all received 4 sliders and 3 milkshakes. My favorite milkshake was the S'mores - you could taste the graham cracker bits and it was delicious. Burgers were juicy and the toppings really worked with each burger.The ambiance is great for any occasion. I loved this place!
5	What can I say that hasn't been said. Outstanding burgers, should be enough to say.Went for lunch Saturday of memorial day weekend. Got there at 2 and the place was pretty full with at 15 minute wait for a party of three. But actually got seated in a booth in 10 minutes.Service was pretty quick, I'd say within 3 minutes or less after seating. Got the drink orders in right away while we looked over the menu and the build your own configuration sheets.I ordered the standard deluxe with white American, and their own house burger sauce, done pink. I also ordered the fries instead of the chips which come with.Jody ordered the bison burger and Linda the Crab Shack.Jody, who has been around and is hard to please gave his an 8 or 9 out of ten. That's a real complement. Linda said she loved the crab shack. Also we had two shakes, one just plain chocolate shake and Linda had the Espresso Love which sounded great and was except it was just kind of too sweet.Funny thing happened while we were here when the power went out for a few minutes. Just a little added excitement.Well we will all be coming back here again to try and work our way through the menu and all the options. This place is highly recommended by usens.
5	All I can say is..... AMAZING!!! Burgersare obviously their thing, and should be because it was the best burger EVER! BUT- if you are going you MUST MUST MUST order the Truffle Gorgonzola Fries... T D F!
3	The shakes were soooooo good! The burgers were...fine. Can't really comment on the regular meat burger, although people seemed pleased with their meals but nobody was blown away. THE VEGGIE BURGER: it needs work. Too mushy, it fell apart when I tried to eat my burger. Not flavorful enough, even though I put a million (ok 5ish) toppings on it.Oh and a 1 hour wait on a Monday night? :(It was fun but I have had MUCH better veggie burgers, so I am still on the hunt for my Burghy burger joint!
5	Loved the "build your own burger"  one of the best burgers I have ever had!
4	Outstanding quality! Build your own burger was fun with many choices.
4	YUM. Felt like a burger and this place delivered. Only drawback is the wait for a table, but if you're a beer drinker, have a beer and wait. It's worth it. You are able to customize your own burger which is the only way to go...I love burgers on baguettes, so I had a delicious Kobe beef burger with caramelized onions and blue cheese on a baguette. Served with a side of thinly sliced but not overly greasy fries. And a good IPA on tap to top it off. It was a lovely meal.
4	Very good unusual milkshakes great burgers the buffalo burger is great. Prices are a little higher then normal but still not bad. Check there web site for wait times it could be an hour just to get seated but there is alot of shopping around. Would definitely come back again
4	Love this, but mainly for the alcoholic milkshakes.. that and the order as you like burgers. Love love love it!!!
3	I have mixed feelings about Burgatory.  I'm the kind of burger fan who has "bun issues."  Issues w the bun, and issues w my own 'buns.'  I really hate it when either set of buns are too large and Burgatory buns are too large, and they make my buns too large as well.This can easily be solved by ordering your burger open faced, and then cutting the single bun in half.  So many burger places have huge buns.  "Here's your loaf of bread with beef pattie..."  Do they do this so you think their burgers are bigger?  I don't know.  One thing I do know is that Burgatory Burgers have NO size issues whatsoever.They are so huge, you may want to fast for two days before eating at Burgatory.  Or you could be a normal person and take half the burger home but I never have that kind of self control.The first time I went to Burgatory it was a Wednesday night and i was surprised there was a long wait.  I browsed Barned & Noble for awhile, the strip mall location gives you a lot of options while you are waiting for your table.One of the things I like about Burgatory is they do have a fairly diverse menu, including vegetarian options that (I hear) are really good.  I ordered what can only be described as the 'Sodium Burger."  It had red wine sauce and carmelized onions on it and basically, it tasted like salty onions.  Don't know that I'd order it again.  The beef they use is so nice that I'd urge you to go with a plainer burger.I'll come right out and say it:  the burgers are just 'meh.'  The kitchen also tends to over cook the burgers so unless you want your burger "Joan of Arc" style, order it medium.Everything here is super salty and I am convinced they do this to sell more beer and it works.  Their beer selection is pretty good.We also had the truffled french fries and the first few fries were good but the fries were so soaked in truffle oil it became almost inedible after awhile.  Oh, it tasted good, but it was just too rich.  I really think I dislike truffle oil.  ...White people problems...  anyway,I was *that person* who ordered the mixed veggies at Burgatory and they were awesome.  Roasted red peppers and sugar snap peas. Whatever you order, make sure you get a milk shake!I would knife fight my own mother over a Burgatory milkshake, they are that good.  My favorite is the almond torte.This place isn't cheap, but it's not expensive and they'll give you enough food to feed your family for a week!
3	Over-rated.  Some food features, such as shakes with alcohol, but burgers are so-so and menu doesn't have much else.
4	Loved this place but a word of caution if you are not used to the supersized american portions - do NOT order an alcoholic milkshake and then expect to eat any of your burger. Had a buffalo burger which ROCKED. I was blown away by the caramel apple maple bacon pancake milkshake..
4	So good.  My stomach is growling just thinking about it.You have to try a spiked milkshake (espresso love is my go-to).  I also appreciate that they have a delicious vegetarian burger - it's made mostly of lentils, which I enjoy much more than black beans (most other restaurants do black beans).  The fries are great as well!  The only reason that I give them a 4 instead of 5 is due to their policy on reservations.  We live about a half an hour away, so it's really irritating to drive all the way out to Waterworks only to wait for an hour and a half (seems to be the typical wait time).  Yes it's nice that they have the texting system, but I still think that we would visit more frequently if we could make reservations and be seated promptly.
5	Because my PIC (Partner In Cuisine) and I had our first date at Burgatory, this place holds an extra special place in my heart, but we don't simply keep going back out of some misguided nostalgia.  We keep going back because, quite simply, the place serves kickass burgers and shakes.  They not only serve beef, they serve chicken, wagyu beef, bison, crab, and veggie.  After you pick your meat, you have a ploethra of bread to choose from.  I only wish they had some type of pretzel bun.  Hint, hint if anybody at Burgatory reads these...On Saturdays, they have a wild game burger of the day in which they've been known to serve elk, bear, alligator, ostrich, etc.  If you are into trying "exotic" meats such as those, get there early because the wild game doesn't always last.  Burgatory's burgers come with home-made potato / sweet potato chips that are awesome, but for a slight upcharge, you can get a delicious salad made with real greens and a vinagrette.  Yum Yum.  If you get the salad, then you can balance out the awful healthiness of the salad with one of their many hard or non-alcoholic shakes made by a milkshake "artist" with ice cream they make in-house. The only downside is the ridiculously long wait for a table - on a Friday or Saturday night, prepare to wait upwards of 2 hours for a table (even on a weeknight, expect at least an hour wait).  In cases of long waits and since our gluttony knows no bounds when it comes to Burgatory, there have been times with my PIC and I have gone to have a pre-dinner while waiting for a table to open up at Burgatory.  It's ridiculous actually.  I don't even know what else to say.  If you live in Pittsburgh and haven't been to Burgatory yet, you live under a rock!
5	"Honor they burger and they mother."...That's the sentiment on the wall at Burgatory, and it's clear they live by it. 'Cause yeah, they honor their burgers there!Let me start by talking about the Truffle Gorgonzola Fries, because OMG -- they're so freakin' good. The truffle flavor is prevalent, and they don't skimp on the gorgonzola. The serving is fairly large, so if ya wanna finish your burger, you should def split this with someone! I've gotten the salted caramel pretzel milkshake every time I've gone. It's just one if those things that's so delish, I am not even willing to risk trying something else that may not measure up. The lil chunks of pretzel swimming in the creamy caramel ice cream... Perfection.All the burgers I've had there have been delish, too. And large. They're big. I haven't finished my burger once. Oh, and if you're going on a weekend day, be prepared to wait, because you very well may have to -- especially if it's later in the day/evening. But, it's really not so bad because you just give them your cell number, and they text you when your table is ready! Since they're in a plaza, there are stores galore that can occupy your waiting time. (I recommend the TJ Maxx next door!)
4	Burgatory (greater than) BRGR (greater than)  Tessaros. Yelp won't let me use the 'greater than' symbol. You get the picture. Seeing that I don't eat meat patties, ya'll can take that equation with a grain of salt based on strictly either pescatarian or veggie burger selections. Burgatory was hands-down-in the top 3 of all-time-deliciousist veggie burgers ever. I did the "Custom Creation" with the sweet onion crust and it was a perfect, crunchy exterior and well-blended (not goopy or mushy) composition. The whole wheat bun was pretty fantastic too. I typically remove half of my bun (the top part, for those of you curious). This is due to the "Bun to Meat Ratio Dilemma". Truth Bomb: Inner fat kid could eat the truffled shallot aioli on anything We tried (clean plate clubbed) the Six-Napkin Nachos to start. The chicken chili on top was pretty awesome. They do the chicken chili by the cup/bowl, which I can imagine would be perfect on a cold winter day. Good selection of drafts/bottled brews. I had a refreshing glass of sangria. They change the ingredients on the sangria pretty regularly too. If it wasn't in such a weird location, it would be a good spot for just drinks.  Why no 5-star? The fries were not very impressive. It does take an hour even on weeknights to get a table (even though it doesn't appear crowded, because they text you when your table is ready and people just leave - which seems detrimental to the bar business). And they put 5 of us clearly at a table for 4. Eeking a 5 star outta me would require a little more menu exploration; one of those milkshakes is likely the tipping point.
5	I'm a burger lover, and this place is heaven. I went here twice in 2 consecutive days, lol. My first visit I order the Farmer Brown with pink meat. The burger came with a slice of ham and an egg. It was delicious. Each complimented each other nicely. The atmosphere is great as well with big screen tvs to watch sport. My second visited I customize my burger the way I wanted to. You can either go with fries or their home made chips.
4	Having been a little disappointed in our go-to burger joint near Shadyside during our last few visits, we came to the Burgatory, and it far exceeded my expectations. We started with the truffle oil and gorgonzola fries - AMAZING. I also started with the Burnt Almond Torte shake since I love Prantl's Burnt Almont Torte. This was very good as well. As my entre, I tried the Phat Patti's Vegie burger. Between the fries and the shake I was pretty full at this point so I didn't eat much, but I enjoyed what I had. As you can probably guess, the shakes are filling so if you plan to get one, come hungry or consider passing on the appetizer (although I know I will never be able to pass on the truffle fries).My one complaint is that there was way too much whipped cream on the shake (the whipped cream took up 1/3 of the glass), but it came with a "refill" cup so there was still plenty of shake to drink if you could make it through the whipped cream.
4	a huge fan of the burger, I had to try Burgatory.  I loved it so much in fact that I went 2x in the same week. The build your own burger is a great idea with a ton of unconventional condiments that you wont see at just any burger shack. I recommend the all natural beef burger on brioche with spicy ketchup, onion straws, farmhouse cheddar cheese, arugula, and the angel dust rub.  If thats not enough reason to go then lets talk about their milkshakes. Spiked or not they are excellent. I had the pretzel milkshake which gives you that sweet and salty combo and then stepped up to their banana foster milkshake spiked with banana liquor among other ingredients.  Burgatory is like Pittsburghs version of Burger Bar in Las Vegas. The only thing I would like to see on the menu in the future is an option for kobe beef.
5	As the name implies, the burgers are delicious. I especially like the "build your own burger" checklist where you can select from a huge number of meats, rubs, cheeses, sauces, and toppings. If you're looking for it, chances are that it's on the menu.Their shakes are also delicious. Just beware: both the burgers and shakes are pretty large. Unless you go in hungry it's likely that you'll not finish one of them.
5	I decided to do the build your own burger such that I could rate it fairly in comparison to those I've gotten all over by getting my usual favorite the BBQ Bacon burger. I chose the angel dust rub with BBQ sauce options with the standard beef burger. Incredible!! The baked beans were fantastic as well, almost like a side of chili. I'll be back for certain.
4	Very delicious! perfect place to go for lunch. Burgers are big and milkshakes are phenomenal! Though i haven't gotten the pleasure to dine in yet, at work we would all order take-out.
4	Delish!~milkshakes and juicy burgers are perfect! Wish the truffle fries and any substitutions you'd like for regular fries weren't so much though
4	YUM.We went here for the Hub's birthday and we were not sad! Here is what we had:Gorgonzola Truffle Fries-if you only order one thing while you are here get these. They are so ridiculously good.BYOB-(Build your own burger?)-I had the veggie burger which was surprisingly super good! The only complaint I really had with it was it kind of fell apart-but flavor-wise I would get it again. I would definitely get the truffle aioli on whatever you order. Don't bother ordering a salad-meh. The hub got a buffalo burger which was also just meh. Our friends ordered the regular hamburger patty and I would say that and the veggie burger were my favorites. We didn't try any shakes because we were too full (wamp wamp). Beer was good, but I would pass on the mixed drinks-they were not anything special.
5	All I have to say is gorgonzola truffle fries!!!! These babies are bomb.com. There have been days where my fiance and I have gone there for the fries alone because they are that delicious! I'm also a HUGE fan of the Phattie Pattie veggie burger and you can't go wrong with their custom shakes, but PLEASE, NO ONE EVER TELL ME HOW MANY CALORIES ARE IN THEM. Nothing that delicious can be good for you!
4	I can't believe I haven't written a review of Burgatory yet!! Maybe because every time I visit, I experience a food coma and when I awake can't remember anything that happened while I was there...The food here is great.  We like coming here because the husband is a big meat fan and their veggie burgers are homemade and fantastic, which I like.  I feel like I can't give a comprehensive review because I think I've only ever ordered "create your own" versions of the veggie burger!All their shakes are amazing, but I was especially a fan of the vegan one they offered as a special a few weeks ago...keep 'em coming, even if it's just on veggie Tuesdays!Definitely reccomend this place, but plan ahead as there is usually a wait--even on weeknights.
3	Custom burgers are delicious.Lots of choices for meat and toppings.Always a long wait so be prepared.
3	Pros:  Tim, my server, was pleasant and helped me select my very first burger here.  I ordered the "Meat Your Maker" burger -- aged wagyu beef (whatever that is) with gruyere cheese and some roasted  tomatoes.  it was big, juicy, and oh so yummy.  Really a great burger.  Cons:  What???? I couldn't get cell reception -- 1/2 a bar and no data connection.... What???? I'm dining solo for gawd's sake.... I'm supposed to be checking emails, FB, etc, etc, etc while waiting on my order.  Argghhhh... good thing that burger was so good.  Oh, and the other con -- I  noticed after I ordered mine medium that servers were asking "red, pink or no pink" not "medium, rare, well done". Hmmm, my "medium" seems to have been translated RED, RED, RED... Ok, I didn't notice unti 3/4 the way thru so seemed pointless to point it out then, especially since if I hadn't noticed, I wouldn't have been worse for wear.  But ooooooh, noticing made the last few bites difficult.... Price for a burger, side of cole slaw, and a soda, plus tip was $22.  A little steep for a burger outing.
2	I went for luch today with a friend and our burgers took almost an hour- - the fries were cold and we were not told upon ordering that there would be an added charge albeit only a dollar to make a childs meal an adult meal.  After a very long wait the food was brought to our talble incorrectly.  It will be a long time before I visit this location again for lunch.  Very dissappointed.  Anna Marie Pittsburgh, PA
5	Very, VERY VERY good burgers.  They also didn't mind that we had our friends' 8-month-old, who was making a bit of a mess of the table.  GREAT servers, amazeballs spiked milkshakes, stupid-good burgers.  Killer.  Didn't have the truffle fries 'cause I loathe truffle oil.  Everything I had was super.
5	I'm with Chuck W. when he said "What can I say that hasn't been said. Outstanding burgers, should be enough to say."People talk about this place, and what else is there to say about it really. They have really good burgers and even though it's becoming the "it" thing to do they have spiked shakes. The difference between this place and other places that have burgers is that Burgatory does is right. Everything they do seems to have a purpose a place on their menu. They don't do things just for the sake of doing them or having them on the menu.Their spiked shakes are awesome and the execution is really cool as well. The S'more shake has a giant toasted marshmallow on top, and likewise the Oreo shake has the biggest Oreo I have ever seen placed right on top. Everything about their decor is right on point. If I had a cool burger joint this is exactly how I would have decorated it. I love everything about this place other than the sometimes long waits to get a table.
5	The first time that my husband and I ate at this restaurant, we sat down, looked around, took a bite of our food, and determined that if we had ever created our own restaurant, it would be like Burgatory.I had the opportunity of not only going to this restaurant a couple times but also going with a large group of people who are very open about passing food around for others to try. Needless to say, I've had the opportunity to try a lot of different things from the menu!My favorite menu items? The Truffled Gorgonzola Pommes Frites were delicious and are a great item to share. Last time I went, I split the Farmer Brown burger - simple egg, ham, cheddar, lettuce and mayo burger - and could have definitely eaten more than half. Finally, most importantly --- THE SHAKES! My favorite is the Salted Nutella Crunch followed by the Caramel Pretzel and Espresso Love. I also enjoyed Grand-Dad's Secret because the bourbon flavor is very pronounced. Plus, even though a shake may be listed on the Classic menu, Burgatory will happily spike any shake for you.Least favorite menu items? Really, only a salad (not sure which one) that my brother-in-law and his wife ordered. They said it was positively drenched in dressing and was practically inedible. Not only the food but also the marketing impresses at Burgatory. I've worked in retail for the last six years, so how a retailer or restaurant attracts a consumer is always forefront in my mind. Burgatory has fantastic marketing covering the walls of the restaurant and on the tables. It's not the sort of place that you leave and can't remember a month later what the name of the restaurant was....All that to say, I love Burgatory, would recommend it to anyone, and will be going back very soon!
5	As a (primarily) vegetarian foodie, you have got to wonder why I would give a burger joint a 5 star rating. Four words - Their Burgers, Fries and Shakes. (Ok, so it was 5).This place has the most delicious Vege (and Beef) burgers about. Period. Their truffle and gorgonzola fries are delicious. And their spiked shakes are just plain heavenly - my fave is the Old Grandaddy (Grandad's bourbon, Caramel, Vanilla icecream and copious amounts of whipped cream) - I've driven to Pittsburgh from Cleveland just for this place before!!!
4	I only recently moved to the area, and one of the first places my friends took my was Burgatory. I've now been a few times and it is definitely a great place for some meaty noms. For me it's complicated because picking your own toppings can get difficult for me. Also I always end up with a few hundred. But every time, despite what weird concoction I've created I am always happy with my burger. The spiked milkshakes are so delicious that they make me willingly ingest dairy (which I never do) because they are simply irresistible. While this place is called burgatory, it's definitely heaven for burger lovers.
2	I keep going and getting fooled by this place.  It looks like so much fun.  Their decor is witty and exciting but for me it ends there.  I have gone twice during lunch time and my burger was over cooked.  The meat was nothing better than the five guys that is right down the street.  Keep in mind I am talking about the meat as is.  It could be rat meat and you could put all the crap that is there on it and it would taste good.  The burger itself isn't worth the money.Go to five guys.Colin
4	First I must confess my lack of a five star rating is only due to the always rediculously long wait times (90+ minutes during busy times). I'd recommend trying for lunch as they open (11am) or early (5ish) dinner. Too many options and variations to list from the build your own burger menu. All I can say is that unless you make bad choices, nothing you chose will be disappointing. Meats are all high quality, as are the toppings. The sides I've tried are all solid and the milkshakes... Well if you still have room they are fantastic.
5	Holy cow - this place is worth the wait!If you can get a seat at the bar, they will serve you there. I always build my own burger, the smoked gouda or the gorgonzola cheeses are my go-to. Don't hesitate to pay the extra bit for seasoned french fries!Want a little kick in your milk shake? The Nutella Crunch with Chocolate Vodka is. to. die. for. (You can definitely share these shakes, folks!)
4	We came here for lunch today, and I was pleasantly surprised! The beef is vegetarian fed and raised without growth hormones (which makes it both healthy & delicious)! Today I created my own with a brioche bun, angel dust rub, aged gruyere cheese, truffled aioli spread, sauteed mushrooms, avocado, romaine, tomatoes, and banana peppers. Fantastic! The side salad was also yummy with high quality mixed greens, a tasty vinaigrette, stewed tomatoes, and shaved parmesean. Win.
5	The best burger I've ever had....First time at Burgatory, and far from disappointed! My boyfriend and I came on a Sunday afternoon, and we were seated right away. We wanted to go on a Saturday night, but their website advised the wait would be 90-120 minutes... AT Waterworks AND at the Robinson location! Coming on a Sunday was a good choice. The waitstaff was very relaxed... Casually dressed in "Burgatory" tees and jeans/khakis. Our waiter was very nice and knew the menu well. Our waiter offered us water while we looked over the menu. I ordered a "gin and juice," made with grapefruit juice, a hint of orange, and gin if course. I did not get to try a shake... unforunately. We also ordered the "six napkin nachos," made with chicken chili. Very good and SPICY. They give you a lot, they could feed four people... Now for the burger.... I ordered the "Meat Your Maker" burger well done. Waygu beef, roasted tomato, fresh greens, gruyere cheese, and  truffle aioli. I opted for fries rather than the chips. They were very well seasoned, rosemary being the prominent seasoning. It was the BEST burger I've had... EVER! I've been to Wingharts, Five Guys, & Smallman St Deli. These places also have very good burgers, but Burgatory tops my list! Atmosphere and service were awesome! Very quick and hot food. Will definitely be back!
5	I actually came here initially because they were doing a special cookie dough milkshake I heard about on the radio, where $1 of the proceeds from each milkshake sold went to a hockey program for underprivileged youth.  So, that tells you something about the restaurant's priorities!  The milkshake turned out to be absolutely decadent.  I've since gotten the caramel-and-pretzel milkshake too, and that was as amazing as the first one had been.  The fiance was very happy with his s'mores milkshake too. But, this isn't a review of Shake-a-tory.  And the burgers absolutely live up to the hype.  Now, the fiance has had bad luck with "build-your-own" burgers here, but I have been gobsmacked by each and every burger I've ordered off of that menu, especially the big, juicy Morty's Steakhouse Burger.  Highly recommended!  Get the nachos...and the truffle fries...and the parmesan peppercorn fries...!!It's true that there's a long wait, but it's worth it.  Go check out some books at the nearby Barnes & Noble, indulge your feminine side at the Bath & Body Works, or just sit at the bar.  The atmosphere and service are just right: there's not too much noise or distraction, but it's not so quiet you feel like everyone can hear your conversation; and the wait staff is attentive without being intrusive.  Seriously, I love it here.  It's a great casual dining option for the weekends.
5	Simply put: Amazing burger selection (from the actual meat [or not] itself to the topings) and they're all completely delicious. Seriously the best burgers I've ever had in Pittsburgh for sure.
4	First time there and tried an "Adult Milkshake".  I had the Granddad burbon milkshake and thought it was the best.  The burgers are good but very large.  If the menu says that something is spicy - it's HOT!
5	#1 burger #1 milkshake #1 salad from a burger restaurant and dead last in being able to get a table quickly.Normally you could not pay me to eat at a restaurant in a strip mall, but this place is worth driving for. The strip mall almost is needed though because the wait to get a table is almost always 30 minutes plus (I have experienced 60+). I wish I had two stomachs so I could actually finish a burger in a shake. Always a long wait, always loud, and always awesome!
2	I don't really get it.  I've been here twice, once last year and was not impressed.  I returned on a day of errands at the end of November.  At first, I thought maybe it's the kitschy name and overall concept.  I want to know why Burgatory? What does purgatory have to do with burgers?  What is the relationship?  And I don't really want to make a burger, I want a chef to combine great flavors that I didn't think of.  And lastly, I reallllly don't like the Red, pink, not pink options for doneness.  Why? Because this is food for dummies.  And in my case, food that made me feel awful within 30 minutes and had drive to a restroom.  It was partially my fault for ordering "Red," but I want my burger to be medium rare like it was intended.  Real restaurants use the normal meat doneness chart used by every other restaurant, excluding the child menus.Now let's talk about the meat.  The meat is simple and somewhat flavorful, but overall not full of taste in any way.  I know a great burger when I take the first bite,  this was not one.  Your burger is your calling card and this is your best effort?  Sadly, PIttsburgh has made great strides in food, but gourmet burger joints have not kept up.  BRGR and Meat and Potatoes have the only worthwhile burgers in the city.  (I've not been to Winghart's.)  The fries were slightly above average, but not great for a burger joint.  This is your Robin to the BurgerBatman.  And if Burgatory was a comic, it would be on the clearance rack.
3	Very good burgers.  I like check sheets for ordering your burger exactly like you want it.  This place is fun, although I still think Tessaro's has a better burger.
4	Outstanding food, great service and a wonderful atmosphere. They get very busy and don't take reservations but they make up for that having an advanced automated txting system which allows you to do anything within 10 mins, once they txt you that it's time to be seated, you have 10mins to show up.
4	I was hesitant to try this place because what's a vegetarian going to get from a burger joint? Only the BEST veggie burger I have ever had in my LIFE.
5	I just need to reiterate how much I love this place.  I mean who can go wrong with burgers?My most recent visit here included members of my family.  My family not being from the city have heard me talk about this place so much that when they came down they insisted on me taking them there.  Of course when we arrived there was a wait, I told them that most likely there would be, not only because it's so good, but because we were going at a busy time.  I informed them about the system they have where they text you when you table is ready.  Walked up to the podium, gave my information and decided to check out the shops nearby.  Good thing we were only right next door, because what happened next totally floored me.  When I first went in and gave my name we were told that our wait would be anywhere from 30-45 minutes because we had a party of 5 adults and a child.  While we were browsing the racks in the store my phone rang, not knowing the number I did the typical thing and ignored it.  My phone than rang again and I told my family that I should answer it.  Burgatory went the extra mile here.  It was them that called me and told us our table was ready, not even ten minutes into our wait!  I mean I heard of having to wait longer sometimes, but never under-waiting (is that a word?).Of course our food was delicious, my little niece was definitely digging the Salty Nutella Crunch shake we ordered.  And who can argue with those crispy mixed potato chips they give you?Burgatory, you definitely got a customer for life in me.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat in Pittsburgh!   Either get one of their menu burgers or choose your own.   They have tons of choices of meat, bun, cheeses, rubs, sauces, and toppings.   If you really want to feel stuffed get one of their milkshakes which your meal as well.
4	Many good foods here, from the shakes and buffalo wings to the fries to onion rings and of course the specialty burgers.  A bit pricey but you pay for the bar-like atmosphere.  High quality burgers and buns (if you choose the buns!) and though I love the foods here the "plain ole hamburger" doesn't rise up above other establishments.  The specialty items do, so props for those.
2	I have mixed feelings about this place.  I went in Dec. 2012 and thought the food was out of this world.  I had a delicious snickerdoodle milkshake, and steak style burger, and fries, and split the onion rings with my boyfriend.  This was also in the afternoon.I went back with my boyfriend this past weekend on a Sat. night.  Mistake.  We were told it would be a two hour wait.  We were really looking forward to eating here again, and it was a bit of a drive, so we browsed some stores to kill the time.  Two hours later we were seated in the heated patio area, which was cold despite the heat lamps.  Our waitress was pushy, not giving us enough time to order.  Nor did she refill our water glasses until I asked at the end.  Not the best experience.  If you go, go at an off time.  Otherwise, there are other burger places in central Pitt, with equivalent food and probably better service.
2	Waitresses dressed like Hooters servers. Burgers totally overrated. Did I mention the demeaning slogans on the waitresses' tees?Have some self respect (and some respect for your servers) and go somewhere where the burgers are actually really great: Tessaro's.
5	This is by far the best burger in the city. I recommend the truffled aioli sauce and the arugula as toppings. The spiked shakes are indeed heavenly.
5	I didn't want to review this place until I had gotten in several visits, but now I am confident that I can say: this place is amazing. This location is kind of weirdly placed in a strip mall, but the layout is nice and it has cool decor. It is a hip spot, and I like the design.Each time I have visited the service has been great; the waiters check on you frequently and are attentive, but are not clingy or overbearing like some other locations. They also know a lot about the menu, so they are a great help.The burgers are outstanding. The premade burgers are good, custom burgers are good, all  of them. They routinely have non-menu specials that are a great choice. All of the ingredients are top notch, from the bread and toppings to extras. I haven't had one I don't like. The sides are good; the fries are especially good. Truffle and Gorgonzola fries will change your life. My only complaint is heat level; things marked as spicy are decidedly not so. The milkshakes are unbelievable; the Caramel Pretzel and the Coffee and Donuts are generously portioned with great, unique flavors. I only have one real complaint: the wait. If you go on the night of a sporting event it is a wait; if you go on Friday or Saturday night, expect a 2 hour wait. There are cool places to shop at nearby, but the wait can get onerous. But with good food, that is bound to happen.
5	Best burgers and shakes in town.
5	One of the best burgers I've ever had!  I love the burger options here and the customization is really nice for me since I like to be adventurous with my burgers.  They have some interesting toppings (like a fried egg, ham) and meats (such as bison).  And a variety of flavored rubs and sauces to go with it as well.  For side dishes, they have more than just the standard fries, such as quinoa.  And the burger is HUGE so you don't really need a side anyway. The beer draft list is very nice and the alcoholic shakes are quite delicious (if you have any room after the burger). This place gets busy so expect a wait, but they have a bar you can have a drink while you wait.
5	Oh man, if I could give this place 10 stars I would. Seriously! The funny thing is I love tasting menus, and all of their own "hoity-toity-ness!!!!!"We've been there 3-4 times, always trying something different. Despite the changes in what we ordered - one thing was notably stable: the high quality of the food and drinks. I've never ventured into making my own creation, but believe this will be my next experience there. So far, our favorite burger was the Steakhouse burger, which literally is like eating a great steak at a great steak restaurant... hell, it's better! I'd also recommend their "Meat your maker" burger which is a little pricey, but well worth the dough and calories.The shakes area phenomenal, and the sweet potato chips are delicious. We tried an order of gorgonzola fries as well, and really liked them. They have a great beer list, and the overall ambience is completely appropriate for a burger joint. It can get a little noisy, but when they open the place up, it's really quite awesome.The only 'bad' thing is the wait here - they have even figured out how to make it the least painful wait as possible - with text paging when your table is ready! That way, you can walk around the Waterworks Mall, and come back when they buzz your phone.
5	One of the best burgers in Pittsburgh, hands down...but you all know that already!  If you go and there is a wait, don't fret, you can always go shopping since it is in a strip mall or you can chill by the magazine racks in Barnes & Noble so the time goes by fast!  I have been multiple times and have had the campfire milkshake as well as the crunchy pretzel.  Both are phenomenal.  If you have a chance to go to Burgatory to not pass it up!
5	Great great burgers. (I thought the chicken burgers were just chicken breast with the sauce but apparently they are real chicken burgers, I have to try this sometime).I've had the bison and a regular burger there before (please get a fried egg on top). The place has good ambiance and is great for going with groups.The one thing with a place that is so great is that you should be prepared to wait, close to an hour to an hour and half.I always get the bourbon milkshake when I go there which is also quite tasty and filling.Go with an empty stomach and leave happy
4	I was FINALLY able to try the famous Burgatory here in Pittsburgh!Some of my first thoughts--very cool looking place! I love the walls and decorations they have around the joint. The bar is also very contemporary and sits nicely in the restaurant.The burgers? Good--but I have to report (sadly) that I was a bit underwhelmed. Perhaps it's because there has been so much hype about these places and from my friends that I thought that the burger would have just blown me away. I had a milkshake for desert. Spiked was a little too rich I thought.Is it worth it? Sure, but not for a 30 minute plus wait. Come check it out for yourself!
4	Fabulous lunch today! I've heard quite a bit about this place, so I was excited to experience it for myself. I had to get a milkshake. The caramel pretzel, yes please. It was soooo deliciously sweet and salty. Who doesn't love that combo?! I chose the "meet your maker" burger. I wasn't looking at the prices, this just appealed to me the most.  I mean, as soon as I saw truffled aioli, that was my obvious choice. I was so happy with this decision. The burger was juicy and tender, and you could taste the freshness of the toppings. I'm not one to be wowed by tomatoes, but whatever tomatoes ended up on this burger were flippin GREAT! 5 stars for service. Everyone was overly friendly and we got a run down of the menu since it was our first time.
3	The food was good but not the best burger I had in pittsburgh. I definitely prefer BRGR. I wanted my burger to be well done and it was mostly burned, still tasted good though. I recommend the shakes and their portobello mushroom appetizer.
1	Not impressed at ALL . This place is so overrated  Don't order the appetizers !
5	During my visit to Pittsburgh, I ventured out to Burgatory in Fox Chapel / Waterworks on the advice of others on Yelp.THIS PLACE IS AMAZING.Ordered the "Meat Your Maker" and it was simply a very tasty burger.  I didn't like the fact that the burger came with chips instead of fries but I quickly solved that by ordering onion rings.  The onion rings were huge, by the way.Finally, the Smore's Shake.Quite simply it was the greatest milkshake that I've ever had in my life.  It was chocolatey and had ground up graham crackers in it and it just made the greatest and most flavorful texture that I've ever experienced in a milkshake.  They describe them as "heavenly shakes" and yes... I was in heaven with every single sip.5 stars.  Come here, come often.
5	Short update here - my wife and I tried the crabshack and buffalo burgers this afternoon and they were every bit as delicious as the descriptions made them sound. Wait staff were friendly as always, and we greatly enjoyed the experience once again! Will always be back!
4	Burgatory makes a damn good veggie burger (it's vegan too!), with lots of great topping options. On Tuesdays, they also feature a vegetarian/vegan special, and a vegan shake!!! They also seem to play some better music on Tuesdays; music for vegetarians (The Smiths, The Cure...). Even though this is a loud, happening place, they don't blast the music (like Mad Mex does). Also notable, is their house made shrub cocktails, though for the most part their cocktails are kinda weird, like immature, as in a teenager would love them; sweet and easy drinkin'. Servers are usually efficient. Expect a wait for dinner, especially on weekends.
4	A very good burger joint located in the Waterworks.  Similar in style to BRGR in East Liberty, though with a few things a bit different.  You have a wide ranger of pre-designed burgers that you can choose from, however what I have always found to be enjoyable is the build-your-own burger option.  You get to choose everything from the type of meat they use to the rub they put on it, the type of bun and all the toppings.  You could easily spend a large portion of your visit here just trying to come up with different burger choices.  If you are someone who does not like that much freedom or choice, I would suggest sticking with their pre-designed burger menu.Another option they have is milkshakes - both alcoholic and non-alcoholic.  They come in a variety of flavors and all of the ones that I have tried have been stellar.They do also offer choices for the non-meat eaters in your group.  Veggie burgers are on the menu, as are a number of fish choices.  So far, the only disappointment I have had with the menu is that I get too full too quickly, and don't always have the opportunity to try everything I wish to eat.
4	Ate here and BRGR within a two-week period (do not ask me for my cholesterol count).  And this place was as awesome as I had been told.  The "Morty's Steakhouse" burger was delicious.  Only negative was the long wait for a table (and no reservations on a weekend).  Bit of a bummer - but definitely worth the wait if you have the time.
5	Love love this place! The burgers are incredible and you can build your own with so many delicious toppings and seasonings! My favorite though are the incredible milk shakes and the truffle fries! Sometimes I just go and eat those two things! Sooo good!
4	I love the custom-creation aspect of coming to Burgatory. They have so many different choices in rubs, sauces, types of bread. I always get the Herbed Foccocia bread. They have a selection of free toppings which you can put as many as you want, and they also have some paid toppings for 1-1.5 each. Each burger comes with crispy  Sweet & Russet Potato Chips. They stick a little fork through the burger with your  name on it. I haven't tried their already made burgers, but apparently you get more for what you pay than the custom ones, but I always like choosing what goes in  my burger.Most people also come for the shakes and they are HUGE. They not only give you a tall glass, but they give you a large silver cup with the extra milkshake that couldn't fit in the tall glass. Definitely worth coming here. You'll leave fat and content. The only negative thing is the wait can be long since they don't do reservations, but they are accommodating enough.
1	The burgers are not very good, and they nickel and dime you on the toppings. Why do things like grilled onions cost an extra dollar??I came here absolutely starving after not having eaten for a day and my best description of the burger is "meh." Overall not a good sign. Really, just go to BRGR in East Liberty instead.
4	Love finding tasty, creative burger places. Service was good. Milkshakes are a MUST DO! Followed a lot of other yelpers reviews - help us make the right choice :)
3	I will start this by saying we did not get a burger, but what we did get wasn't note worthy. We split some sriracha wings...talk about menu mislabeling.  This wings had no kick!!! When I want sriracha I want heat and fire. The wings tasted more like a ketchup sauce and were not good at all.  They weren't even worth finishing and I love chicken wings.  My boyfriend got a caramel pretzel shake that was good.
4	I absolutely love this place!  The milkshakes are all delicious, haven't had one that I don't like yet!  An I love the create your own burger slips, all the already put together ones sound good but I just love that I can make it my own.  They also have a great selection of beers that most places don't have, all very unique.  The only thing that would make this place so much better for me is if they would have turkey burgers!  Oh an the new check in before you get there app is great, something should always do because it is always busy.  I've never gone there when there wasn't a wait for a table!
3	The shakes are super good!  I really love the caramel pretzel one and they make a mean plain vanilla one too.  Burgers are typically pretty good: I love to create my own.  Some of the "upcharges" don`t make too much sense though. Service is typically not the best though, which is why I gave 3 stars.  I`ve been to Burgatory 4 or 5 times, and have never had great service.  I keep going back though because of the cool vibe and great eats.  I was disappointed last time I was there to find that they didnt have Wi-Fi... really?  Overall, the food is pretty tasty and the shakes... yum!
3	Based on everything that's been written about Burgatory, I was expecting way more than an average burger. What did both my husband & I get at Burgatory? Average burgers, nothing exciting and seriously lacking in flavor with a side of chips that could have chipped a tooth.Based on the descriptions, it seems like they are trying. Just not succeeding. I ordered the What-A Jerk Chicken and hubby got the Morty's Steakhouse. Both sounded like they should have had flavor for days. I detected no jerk seasoning whatsoever on my chicken burger - which is actually ground chicken, not a chicken breast which was explained by our server before I ordered. The grilled pineapple was the only flavorful item on the bun, but unfortunately 1/2 of it was the hard inside core that you can't bite through. The whole wheat bun also started falling apart on my first bite and I didn't know there was banana ketchup on it until I reread the menu description afterward.If I had ordered an actual burger would I feel differently? I tasted my husbands burger and other than the meat itself, it was equally flavorless. He was in total agreement. His was served with an enormous mound of onion straws that try as we might we couldn't find any onions, just fried squiggles of batter.We went there for lunch, so we didn't try the shakes. Based on our burger experience, I'm guessing we won't be coming back for them.
2	I love burgers. Love them. I've had them all over the US and the world! From  Alaska and California to prime cattle country in Alberta to the american heartland and NYC and beyond. Had them in Asia, South America, Latin America, all over Europe, Africa and Mexico (don't ever recommend them there). In fact, if I can be so bold, I'm gonna lay claim to being a burger EXPERT. So when I hear about how great Burgatory is, I'm intrigued.  And when I go to a place like this, I'm ordering burgers -not exotic milkshakes or truffle fries or some distraction. Nope. Gimme the burger. Now, with that said, these are just not that good. I know, you're appalled. But Gary, you say, how can that be? Look at all the rave reviews!! Here's a clue. Check the reviews more closely and you'll note that people mostly rave about the spectacular shakes, not the burgers. And I'm just not interested in shakes - pretty much anytime. Sure the menu is cool, build your own or pre made options like the  Morty's steakhouse I ordered or even the jerk chicken one my wife ordered. The beef is a "succulent blend" of angus sirloin, brisket and short rib. Sounds like it should be full of flavor. Sadly it's not. In fact it was uniquely bland and uninspired. Morty's says it has horseradish cheddar ( no evidence), Cabernet sauce (no evidence) and onion straws. Tons of straws but I couldn't detect an onion particle in any of them. So I'm profoundly disappointed. My wife's burger was equally tasteless. There are far better burger options throughout the city. I suggest going elsewhere. Unless you want a shake.
5	Stil lthe best burgers in the city.I don't cheat often but when I do Burgatory is on the list.The shakes, burgers and fries are all terrible for you but taste SO GOOD. I highly recommend this location.  Service has always been fast and efficent.
5	I've been here several times since they opened. I've come for lunch, happy hour, and dinner. Apps wise, the sriracha wings are delicious. I also prefer the truffle Gorgonzola frites over the cheddar jalapeno- although if you order the latter ask for a side of ranch. They recently added a gluten free bun! I was excited, I've been eating "naked" burgers for quite some time. The bun itself is a little cold and hard. But it is a bun nonetheless! I was happy to see it on the menu. I'm also happy that they consistently offer a cider on their draft list. My favorite cocktail is the grapes on, vodka with muddled grapes and basil I think. When it's busy the service is slow, so I would not recommend going during peak hours (11:30-2, 6-8:30).
4	Glad I went with my local friend's suggestion to take her here for lunch when I was in town. I am not a burger eater, but 2/3 of us were, and my food was still great anyway.I had a customized chicken burger - gouda, mushrooms, spinach, truffled shallot aoli and it was totally delicious and NOT dry, with good flavor from the angel dust seasoning. Boyfriend had the farmer brown and enjoyed it, other friend had a custom one that she says is the best she's ever had. Upgraded to sea salt & herb fries which were well seasoned and crispy. We did have to wait a bit - first for the table, but we were seated quicker than promised and they text when it's ready. The burgers took a while but our waitress checked in with us, which was appreciated. Good times.
3	Fresh, hot, made to order burgers and fries, and shakes that are to die for... What else could you ask for in a burger joint?! I love being able to build my dream sammich every time and indulge in differently flavored fries and extravagant shakes. Love it!
4	Holy SHIT! I like a good burger, but  this was a different level. Everyone in a while 5 Guys or In 'n' Out will do, but this is in a league of its own. Just like in college when you drank what was cheap but when you graduate and make real money you drink what is quality. This is you quality burger.5 senses review:Sight: 5- Nothing extraordinary. But you aren't going for the sights anyway.Sound: 5- It is an open space with a bunch of people, but it isn't awfully loud.Smell: 7- Lots of great smells. Touch: 3- This depends (clearly) on what you order and how your burger comes. Taste: 9- QUALITY! Meat, sauces, shakes!If it wasn't for the great meal this rating would be lower. Only because of the damn popularity of this place. The wait would have been one hour to an hour and a half. When you have a 3 year old, that kind of wait is toooooo long. However, my wife and son went home to relax and my friend and I stayed, so we went to the bar and bypassed the wait. I think the greatest thing here at Burgatory is the diversity. If it is your first time, please get a burger! Even then, the choices are plentiful. If you are someone trying to maintain a "healthy" style of eating, you can do that. If you want to go way off the deep end of Guinness proportion calorie intake, you can do that. Choose a burger or create your own. I wanted an in-between experience. So I went with the topless (no top bun) grass fed Elk burger (with one of the rubs, spicy ketchup and cheese) and a Fluffer Nutter shake. The meat was amazing. Super lean, cooked perfectly and did not make me feel like I was going to fall over after eating. The shake, however did put me over the top. But it was blissful. Service was quick!!! The best tip is to make a reservation or sit at the bar. For as great as the food is, nothing is worth 1-1.5 hours of waiting.
5	I've already commented on this place before but if you go they have great veggie and bison burgers. Plus the assorted array of toppings and sauces make the possibilities  vast and differential. I love their focaccia bread, it has a great bite  and helps hold the burger together. It doesn't get all wet and thin from the sauce soaking into it. They have great milkshakes of course. Very creamy and full of flavor, try their strawberry and carmel pretzel if you get a chance. They are to die for!!
4	First off, Burgatory has excellent service. Our waiter "Big Creepy" (according to the check) was very knowledge about menu. He guided us through the menu and was able to thoroughly answer questions I had about the menu. Moreover, he was friendly and attentive which made dining here a great experience.Now for the heavenly shakes. I shared the Espresso Love and the Burnt Almond Torte; both were excellent! They were rich and creamy; I'd consider sharing one next time because of how filling they are.Finally, the burgers. I decided to create my own burger and opted for an elk burger on herb focaccia with bayou Cajun dry rub, arugula, tomatoes, and red onions. I had it cooked to 'red' which is comparable to medium rare; I'd say that it was slightly more rare than most restaurants' medium rare which is great for those of us who enjoy juicy burgers!If you're going shopping at the Waterworks, then plan on coming here for lunch.
4	I'm sure there are similar places where I live in the Chicago area, but this was a great find, courtesy of my wife's uncle.  A lively atmosphere, a lot of groups out for lunch on a Friday, and several families with kids like us.The food was hot, quickly served and the waitress was very helpful and friendly.  I created my own burger and the burger itself was cooked exactly as I like, and the choices for toppings-condiments, cheeses, rubs/coatings-were varied from the basic to the slightly adventurous.  Homemade chips with the burger were good.Everyone around us had milk shakes and the options on those were interesting and they all looked good.  Looking at the reviews/photos now, wish I would have tried the six napkin nachos-maybe next time!
5	I'll keep it short n sweet for you guys. This place has got it going on. The Farmer Brown Burger I had easily competes with my favorite burger joint back in San Antonio. The bread was soft, the beef was seasoned well and made with only top notch all natural good stuff and the maple cured ham adds an extra element of flavor which was unexpected but much appreciated.The potato chips were pretty good but I know they can do better. Throw some more salt and pepper on those boys and lets call it a day. I read all of my fellow Yelpers talking about the shakes here so I couldn't resist picking up a Fluffer Nutter Butter and its in the running for best milkshake of my life. It is jam packed full of flavor, they actually use cookies to make the shakes legit but the one downside is they need to work on a better consistency so you can actually use a straw without using excessive force.I got a TO-GO order and it was ready when I got there as expected. They checked me out quickly and the girl who took my order was sweet. If I visit again, I'll be sure to come back and get me a second helping of burger and shake heaven.
4	First.  Killer food, great beer selection and friendly staff.  Unfortunately located in the urban sprawl of Robinson.Anyway, I had a group in on Sunday evening, Sept. 1, 2013.  When we arrived, we were told the wait would be 30-40 minutes.  At about an hour, we checked in with the hostess who admitted accidentally giving part of our table away (we had 8 people).  We continued to wait, patiently, not complaining, just hanging out having a beer (two of us in our group had many years of restaurant experience, so we know that shit happens sometimes).  The bartender offered us a round on the house and the manager offered us a free appetizer with our meal.  Jimmy and the staff that night were great and definitely made up for the mistake and our delayed dinner.This place is owned by the same guys that own Fuel and Fuddle - one of my favorite Pittsburgh restaurants that holds many great memories from my college days at PITT.  As with F& F, the food at Burgatory was killer!  We'll definitely be back the next time we're in the Burgh!  Thanks again!
5	We became regulars here very quickly! Love the burgers. Love the staff. The changing draft beer list is always fun to try new things! The happy hour is the best deal but honestly it's great quality food in filling portions, so it's well worth the price!
5	I seriously want to eat there now, just thinking about it!! The specialty mixed drinks are decent if you are feeling adventurous, but save room for your burger. They are huge and delicious :)
5	An allergen-free/gluten-free update:I am ecstatic to say that Burgatory now has gluten free buns for the burgers! Not only are they GF, but also egg, soy and dairy free! This is extremely exciting considering I had not had a burger with a bun in almost 2 years. Hurray!I'll reinforce my previous reviews of Burgatory and state that they continue to take care of customers with food allergies with great care. I have been here dozens of times and I have never gotten sick once. The customer service and food is one of a kind. I'm happy to call Fox Chapel home so I can go get this burger any time I want, with a bun to boot!!
5	I'm overall concerned at how many burger joints just can't get a burger cooked the way I like it.  I prefer a medium, or a pink center.  Usually it's overcooked.  But sometimes they get it right.  At Burgatory, it's right every time.As a result it continues to be my favorite "fancy" burger place.  I've sampled the Morty's Steakhouse, Elk Gone Wild and created my own creations as well.  I'm never disappointed and appreciate the fact that I know when I go to Burgatory and order a burger cooked medium it will be beautifully delicious.Fries aren't bad and the onion rings are massive.  I also enjoy the shakes, but mostly I go for the burgers and the homemade chips.  With over 200 reviews, though, I'm not sure mine is really necessary.
2	Out of 5:2.5 - Fries1.5 - Wagyu burger: very overcooked, dry2.0 - Beef burger: cooked better, but still unsatisfactory4.0 - Salty pretzel shake - delicious, chunky, and a lot.
5	This place was pricy but oh so good! I had the "Farmer Brown" burger and "Burnt Almond tote" shake. Highly recommend!
1	So after reading the reviews, I was ready to be blown off my seat. That did not happen with the burger(s) sadly.They made us wait 2 hours, thinking it might be shorter time we gave it a chance. The staff is not friendly add they don't even have the Decency to give out snacks while you wait. With a pregnant wife and a 2 year old we waited because we wanted to have these amazing burgers yelp recommended. Yeh their average at the best.2 hrs later when out seats were finally available we were seated. Our friends ordered the shakes before the burgers. I didn't because I wanted to eat the burger. In hindsight I should have orders the shake instead. The shakes have actual chunks in it. I tasted the shakes and they were nothing like I have had before... So the place should be called shakatory.When the burgers finally arrived, they lacked flavor and substance. Mildly juicy. Again the standard was the 4 stars. Unfortunately the burgers disappointed. At least the meat burgers. Te chips sucked really bad. Don't be shamed into tying the fries it the chips.If you want VEGE burger though... That's another story. The best place for a vege burger period.Long story short for a meat burger place it's a flop. Try a 5 guys instead.
5	Lunch with two little kiddos. 11:45, Saturday. Outstanding service. Quick if you get there right before lunch.
4	Burgatory.  Some have crowned it as the best burger in Pittsburgh.Four months living in Pgh, several visits to other Pgh burger joints, and a recent revisit to Burgatory, I might have to agree with this...at least for now. Food (9.0/10) = They have several pre-designed burgers on their menu, but I always opt for the custom creations option.  Here's the recipe for the burger I always create.  I have named this burger "Noah's Ark 2013":"Noah's Ark 2013"1) Meat = "Natural Bison" ($11) - juicy, moist meat from an ungulate2) Bun = Brioche - buttery, fluffy, absorbing any of the juices oozing from the meat, the aioli sauce, and velvety egg yolk3) Rub = "Angel Dust" (salt, pepper, garlic) - I keep some aspects of my burger basic, while others aspects with some jazz4) Cheese = Aged Gruyere ($1.50) - a cheese with an essence of nuts.5) Sauce = Truffled shallot aioli - genius; this is a life hack; GG no re 13376) Toppings (cost extra $) = Caged-free egg ($1.50), Applewood bacon ($1.50) - why have one animal in between two pieces of brioche, when you can have three?  My brioche is like Noah's ark, and I am like Noah ushering the animals inside it.7) Other Toppings (no extra cost) = Arugula, cucumber - natural pepper essence of the arugula, with the refreshing crisp of a cucumber.  Here I provide the green grass for my animals to lay on inside my "ark"The burgers come with warm potato chips.  Chips are not my thing.  But does one really come to Burgatory with prime focus on the chips?  Appetizer menu: Truffled Gorgonzola Pommes Frites = $6.50 = pretty good fries. Definitely taste the truffle flavor.  Shake: Grand-dad's Secret = $8.00 = bourbon, caramel, vanilla ice cream; thick richness of the caramel and creamy vanilla; bourbon...yea bourbon!Other: Veggie Burger = Came with a vegetarian friend once.  She said it was the best veggie burger she's had.  Never tried it myself, but maybe this might give those who abstain from animal meat a reason to go to a placed called Burgatory.Beer: great list of bottled and draft beers.  I would've subtracted one star from this Yelp review of Burgatory, if I couldn't pair my burger with beer.   Service (9.0/10) = Service has always been great.  Always attentive. Ambiance (8.0/10) = cool set-up for everyone.  Booths, tables, tables outside, and a bar with several flat screens.  A place for the family.  A place for the kids.  A place for a close group of friends.  A place for those who want to enjoy an American meal while watching sports.Overall opinion = So far...yes the best burger in Pgh.  This place is more of a 4.25 star place to me, rather than 5.   It just hasn't blown my mind away, like the other restaurants that have received 5 stars from me.  Maybe it will blow yours away.  Make your judgement.  Judgement day.  Judgement day at Burgatory.  Be like Noah.  Be Noah.  Build "Noah's Ark 2013."  Note, this place is usually crowded and requires patience to get seated.  Not sure if you can make reservations.
2	Update 6/17/14 - That's it. I'm done! Three strikes you're out Burgatory. I've been here 3 times since that original review, each time we ended up going because some friend wanted to try the AMAZING Burgatory. Well guess what. No more. Next friend that wants to go try Burgatory can go by themselves. I'll be at Red Robin. The wait just stinks, there's no other way of putting it. And the burgers are just whatever. I've tried several different ones that are featured as well as creating my own, but I'm sorry, I am just not impressed. It's an average burger, not a masterpiece of culinary skill like you are led to believe. I've had issues with soggy buns, missing condiments, dryness, and just overall lack of flavor. I always feel like crap after I eat there. The shakes are really good, the only real highlight of my visit, but I think they may be what is making me feel so bad. I know everything mixes in your stomach, but mine must be sensitive to eating big meaty burgers and at the same time drinking a thick milkshake. Throw some alcohol in there and it's a recipe for disaster, at least for me. I always end up spending more money than I intend to and then I leave sick and unsatisfied, so I am just never coming back. Adios Burgatory, I'm taking off another star for disappointing me so thoroughly.------------I really wish I liked it...I would love to go back and give it another chance. I'm pretty lenient when it comes to restaurant experiences. But the extraordinarily long wait (over an hour on a week night!), price, and only half decent burger was just too much for me to give Burgatory a higher rating... not this trip anyways. My build-your-own burger was not that great, but it's not my fault! Lol. It was the burger itself. Bland and dry, despite the various rubs and sauces I had piled on it. The toppings were good, but couldn't cover up the boringness of the bison burger. We got several appetizers: wings, some seriously spicy nachos, and guacamole. All of those were great, and I would probably go again just for the apps.My husband had a completely different experience. He said the Morty's steakhouse burger he had was "excellent" and "melted in his mouth". He also got a pretty dang tasty salted caramel milkshake. I made him share that. ;) I didn't think it was all that it was cracked up to be, but I'd like to give it another shot. I want to go some night I don't have to be the driver and try a spiked shake. I'd also like to try another location because of how small the place is. It's too tiny for how many people try to cram themselves in there for dinner. I've heard the Robinson one is a bit bigger.
4	Headed there around 5 on a Friday...glad we went early, as by 5:30, there wasn't a table to be had!  It was happy hour, so I enjoyed the house margarita (yum) but my husband went straight for the apple pancakes & bacon milkshake (sounds awful but is tasty).  Our waiter didn't tell us apps were half priced, or we probably would have gotten one (we only knew about the drink special because I saw it on yelp).  Probably a good thing though...neither of us were able to finish our dinners anyways :)I went with the build your own creation (buffalo burger on brioche with buffalo cheddar, buttermilk ranch & some veggies)...my husband went for the meet your maker burger.  Both were delicious...though I didn't love the ranch (I'd probably go for something more interesting).  I subbed my chips for fries (loved 'em)...the chips were decent but I wanted more potato.Reasonably priced...decent service...if we lived in Pittsburgh, it would be on our regular list :)
3	Finally made a trip to the famous Burger bar mini kingdom, with my family.... Expecting to be a little more blown away than I was. The atmosphere is nice nouveau night time feel yet comfortable minus the huge bar stealing all the seating from drooling patrons. Down to business the burgers: high quality beef which I appreciated nice bread, but overlooked outside of my burger was completely blackened which took away from other tastes for example I could not taste the cheese. The point in having fun non traditional burgers is flavor but you lose some of that if you cook it too fast. At the risk of sounding like a pretentious foodie jerk I preferred my own smoked salmon wasabi burger, and made them for the same price. On the bright side I love the beer selection excellent range and FIN DU LA MONDE!!!! Belgian lovers I urged you to check that one out! But other options await you too from stouts to lighter beers. Last note the do not take reservations.... This just sucks it does. The average wait is an hour Friday nights but it could take longer. They expect you love walking around a strip mall to wait.... I don't love strip malls. They offer no indoor seating area for you to wait in and waiting in the cramped entrance area is Just awkward sauce.  Your other option is to dive into the bar and grab the first empty bar stool. Yea no thanks not for a party of three. If they changed this way of doing things I would eat here again I am curious to try a better reviewed location and see what I think. You can make a custom burger toppings add $$$ quick and pray tell why do they not you know of this while you're spending an hour plus waiting? I could have been creating my meal vs browsing for slippers :(So far it's just ok and like many places here overhyped for quality of food they offer.
5	i love this place! It's the standard I measure all burgers on. When I am in Pittsburgh it's on my list of MUST VISITS. While the choices and combinations get overwhelming I get er done. And their spiked shakes are AMAZING. Next visit I'll update my review with details!!!
4	The burgers are *really* good.  The reason I've given them four rather than five stars, however, is that nearly every time I've gone they've gotten something wrong.  It's usually the temp of the burger - I like mine really rare - but it is also often the toppings, which is kind of a bummer when you build your own.  Regardless, even if to me it wasn't perfect, everything I've ordered there has been tasty.(Pro tip: sure, the burgers are good but the chili is wonderful and the nachos are among the best I've ever had.  Get the nachos.)The cocktails are really good (especially that grape/basil thing they have going), but the wine list is and has been terrible.  The beer selection is also good, and changes frequently.As for the service, it's what you would expect from a hot spot.  The men are aloof and the women bitchy.  Ignore them.  Eat nachos.
4	A big'o juicy burger that doesn't even fit in my mouth yummmmmmmm.....this place really hit the spot, you either ordered the specialty burgers where the toppings are already choose or you create your own burger....a pretty neat place and quality and variety of toppings was excellent, the atmosphere is more like a sports bar so not really a family joint where you can bring grandma and all for a fancy dinner
5	Some people say that everyone is creative, that even the small choices that a person makes are his or her art--the fruits on our breakfast plate, the washed-out blue denim with the herringbone blazer, the scenic drive over the straight shot. For people who appreciate this, the Burgatory menu is a thing of beauty. It's like sitting down with a skilled artist who has laid out all sorts of materials--oil paints, watercolors, pastels, charcoal, googly eyes--and you get to choose all of your favorites for them to create a masterpiece. Charcoal with deep red paint. Pastel pinks with glitter. Except, you know, this involves food, which is the actual best thing ever.Caramelized onion marmalade, truffled shallot aioli, angel dust rub, cabernet sauce, bacon jam. Literally anyone can be made happy with meat choices including elk and bison, regular beef, chicken, crab (!?) and veggie burgers. Traditional white bun, whole wheat, or no bun at all--among other options. If you're not up for trying to pair BBQ with sriracha and horseradish cream and just want food in your mouth stat, there are some predesigned burgers that are their own works of art. Help yourself to a Monet. And it's always possible to get a regular burger on a white bun with lettuce and tomato. But then there are the shakes: s'mores, caramel pretzel, apple pancakes and bacon, Nutella crunch. Some are spiked. This arrangement is actually too ridiculously wonderful to exist, but there you go. Show up, eat beautiful things. Die happy."I think everything in life is art. what you do. how you dress. the way you love someone, and how you talk. your smile and your personality. what you believe in, and all your dreams. the way you drink your tea. how you decorate your home. or party. your grocery list. the food you make. how your writing looks. and the way you feel. life is art." --h.b. carter
5	If your craving a good REAL burger, this place is it! They have hormone free beef, buffalo, wagyu, crab burgers, chicken burger, Elk and veggie burgers too. I had the morty's steakhouse burger $11 and my husband had the Elk $13.5. The burgers come with these russet and sweet potato chips that make a great salty and sweet combo! They have their own creations but  if your not feeling it, create your own burger. You choose how you want it cooked. These burgers are just plain juicy, flavorful and worth the price. Popular place it seems and great spot for lunch. Didn't try the shakes but they look awesome and you can choose from alcohol or non-alcohol shakes. Friendly waiters and nice atmosphere.  Kick it at the bar and enjoy the game or hang out with the family at a table.
2	Pro's:- If there is a line, you can put yourself on the list over the internet. It saves a few minutes.Con's:- No waiting area at all, minus a bench on the outside, which is useless since it's not covered and it's currently winter. You feel like a cow on the way to the slaughterhouse with the way people are packed in at the restaurant. You also have to try to avoid the doors and running into people eating.- It's always packed and I couldn't imagine going there on a Friday or Saturday.- No yellow American cheese. Their version of American cheese is not as good.- They have a habit of burning burgers bad. They went 2 for 2 in my 2 visits in burning them.- They make you fill out a sheet stating what you want for your burger. It takes too long to fill it out and then they screw it up anyway because no one can understand it. Writing down what you want is the waitress' job, not the customer's.- Want fries with your burger? You're paying extra. - The service is slow and you might as well be playing "Where's Waldo?" when its time to find your waitress.- Everyone who works there looks really weird. Tattoos, piercings, hair dye, strange attires, the works.Overall thoughts:Not sure how this place got the best burger in Pittsburgh, but obviously, they paid someone off. It's okay but not on the level of Red Robin or some other great burger places here. This place is an expensive, hippie filled mess and they need to get their act together if they want to grow. The number one thing they need to work on is the waiting area, as you are either packed and trying not to run into people or you're gonna be sitting in the cold outside.
3	Although I love the burgers at this place, the hostesses were just plain.....stoopid. I would think management would want to hire intelligent individuals that could speak English and would do more than as: Can I help you?
4	Burgers and milkshakes were awesome.  Go but be ready to wait 30-45 minutes, but you can do shopping in the adjacent stores while you wait.
5	Amazing!  Worth the wait for us, but we went at an off time.  The place was still packed.  Alcoholic milkshakes, humongous burgers.  Very tasty reason to take a statin.
2	I have tried to build my own burger, and even tried one of the featured Wagyu burgers.  As far as burger's go, it might be that I just haven't hit the right combination yet, but 5 Guys has a tastier burger by far with much less effort in combining such varied toppings.  There are MANY (possibly too many) choices for toppings.  Some of them don't make sense (poblano peppers AND roasted reds?), some of them are pleasant surprises (fire roasted tomatoes).  The rubs don't add much variance from one to the next.Where Burgatory shines is their fries, house-made oils that they use for toppings  on the fries, nachos, and burgers, and their milk shakes are the best I've EVER had.  Granted, I'm not a huge ice cream fan, but I am 38 years old, and I've had my share of milk shakes.Honestly, the local hype hurts the restaurant in my opinion.  Wait times for a table exceed 1 hour from 3-4pm onward (I've never been there earlier than 3pm.)  The wait certainly builds expectations.  If you allow this to happen unchecked, you'll likely be disappointed as there isn't much special about Burgatory's food.One positive is the staff at the Waterworks location (the only one I've been to).  I have never had a server that seems put out by their job.  They've always been free with suggestions (when asked), attentive, and seemingly caring about your experience.So...if you're impressed by sheer selection, quality presentation, decent beef, and hype, Burgatory is for you.  If you want a good burger, don't try so hard.  Stick with the basics and try 5 Guys or even Mario's on the South Side.
3	Burgers were good as well as the milkshakes. Never in my life have I had a restoom that bad though. The bathrooms are revolting. Beware.
5	Went during the dinner rush with a party of seven, not smart, I know. The bartenders were great, though, getting us drinks and a couple of appetizers while we waited. Seats at the bar opened up and we ended up just eating there. Chrissy and Mark(?) were both great. Chrissy took the time to explain all of the choices for the create your own burger and every one of us loved the food.  Great food, great service on a madhouse of a shift.
4	This place actually rules. When I moved to Pittsburgh in August, locals were very eager to throw their suggestions at me as far as what I needed to experience. Burgatory was a recurring theme that I was quick to investigate. Yes, you're going to wait half a day to get in, but set aside some time and check it out. The atmosphere is great for going out with friends or family and getting chatty. The waitstaff is incredibly competent, and always willing to offer input and suggestions. The drinks are pricey, so I usually pass.Now to the good stuff. The food is awesome. Every appetizer I've had the pleasure of trying has been flavorful and well put together, the fries are consistently excellent, and the milkshakes are the bomb.com. But, of course, it is the succulent little beauties composed of beef and heaven that keep me going back. Each Burgatory burger is made with love, and topped with the finest ingredients known to man. I love them. So much. My suggestion is a Waygu beef patty on Brioche with egg, Cheddar cheese and mushrooms.
1	2.5 hour wait for a burger is ridiculous. The owners own uncle SAMs next door by now they should have fugues out they aren't getting over flow they should figure out away to use part of uncle dams for burgatory on weekend nights to increase table capacity and finally have the landlord give them permanent outdoor dining. JJ gumberg is too cheap to permanently make their outdoor dining area permanent.  If they left this space JJ could never replace them!!!  Although the food is good a 2 hour wait is obscene I have found many replacements
5	Maybe it was because I was famished...or maybe it's that good. Either way, this place is great option for a burger if you're in the area.VENUE: As to be expected with most popular restaurants, the place was packed. It's got a sports bar vibe to it. Expect a lot of people, expect noise, and expect Sports Center to be on (woot woot). FOOD/DRINK: I ordered the ELK GONE WILD, Medium rare. The meat is lean but flavorful. The rub gives it a great amount of flavor and the veggies and sauce don't overpower it. Even though it's a sizable piece of meat, you don't feel like you're stuffing yourself since the meat is less fatty than a regular cow beef burger.CARAMEL PRETZEL MILKSHAKE. Just do it. There are bits of pretzel in it and it's not too sweet. I can't even. SO GOOD.SERVICE: Our server was pretty nice and attentive - or as much as he could be given the amount of tables he was serving. We came around 2 PM on a Saturday. Not sure if it was because of the Holiday (MLK) but it was PACKED. Expect some sort of wait unless you're magic and get there at a time when there's less people. We waited 30-45minutes and they give you a notification via text so you can walk around the area. I recommend walking two minutes to the Barnes & Noble down the way. The time goes by much faster when you're reading and being an intellectual of sorts...or at least pretending to do so.
5	The "Farmer Brown" - seriously the best burger I've ever tasted. Fresh ingredients, excellent service, novel concept. If I had to pick a down side, it's usually very crowded and noisy. I've experienced a 2-hour wait time, but they use a great reservation-type service called "No Wait". Give them your phone number, and they'll text you when your table is ready. The service texts a link right away and allows you to see where you are in line - very cool.The shakes are awesome too, but usually way too filling for me.
4	WHAT?  You've never been to Burgatory?  This was the cry of my friends when I sat down and asked what was good.  Turns out, pretty much everything.  There are two highlights on the menu: the burger taking center stage, and the unbelievably good milkshakes.  While there are several standard types of burgers you can order from the menu, the burger "money" is to use the order sheet and choose from the many selections of buns, condiments, and cheese.  One of my friends dining with us has a cheat sheet he brings with him so he can recreate the amazing burger he made on a previous visit.  It's that good.My friends all had the salted caramel milkshake which they were generous enough to let me try - Ahh-ma-zing!  I opted for a nice craft beer that complimented my delicious burger.  I'll be back.
5	I stayed at Pittsburgh for 5 days, and one of my most memorable experiences was eating at Burgatory. When you look at the menu, you must start off with the shakes, and I will guarantee that you'll have a hard time deciding which one to get. They also have hard shakes with amazing descriptions, but sadly I am under 21 :( It didn't really matter because the salted nutella crunch (nutella with nestle crunch bars) was ridiculously addicting and I could have been happy at the restaurant just eating the shake.However, this place is a burger joint so we obviously have to mention those too. You can either choose a burger from the menu or you can make your own by marking off on a paper menu the kind of meat, bun, rub, cheese, sauce, and toppings you want for your burger. You should try the truffled shallot aioli sauce and add avocados to your burger if you like them! The burgers were juicy and the beef was a perfect medium rare. Because there are so many toppings, they are stabilized with a mini pitchfork, which is so suitable because my whole meal was just really sinful. The burgers come with regular and sweet potato chips on the side but trust me and order the truffled gorgonzola fries to eat with your burger. We didn't get our burgers for a long time, but my boyfriend and I didn't really notice since we were talking the whole time and were distracted by how good the shake was. It must have been over 45 minutes though, and the manager came out to apologize and reassure us that the burgers were coming right away. When we got our check, the prices of the burgers were subtracted from the total so we basically got them for free. I was floored by the manager's gesture and the great customer service.I will definitely hit up Burgatory again when I return to Pittsburgh and get the chance to go.
4	I gve this a 4.5 stars!  I usually go to the burgatory by robinson mall, but I was around waterworks one time and tried this location.  Both locations are pretty much the same to me.  The Robinson location might be a little bigger?  The burgers are always good, shakes are amazing, service is good.  I think it's cool how you can make your own burgers and they have wagyu beef, which is delish and if you have an adventurous palate, they also have elk and bison burgers, both of which my fiance said he loved.  He said the elk was lean.  He had it cooked medium and liked it that way.  They also serve them with these homemade chips that are so tasty!I love the shakes here and they give you both the glass and the ones in the tin, so they give you a lot compared to the ones they serve at brgr.  You can take the rest to go aa long as it doesn't have alcohol of course.  Burgatory hands down beats BRGR at milkshake battle.  My fave is the salted nutella crunch, which they can spike with chocolate vodka.  I'm drooling just thinking about this shake!The only downside is that they don't take reservations, and it's really crowded around happy hour time to close, One time my friends and I had to wait 2 hours.  We went several times during lunch time at the one in Robinson and never had to wait, but at the Waterworks location, we went on a tuesday afternoon around 1:30 and there was a wait, so luckily the bar had room so we just chose to sit there.Definitely one of my fave places!
5	Their burgers are in a word extraordinary.  Far better than the other 'gourmet' burger joints, BRGR and Wingarts.    I am not a chef so I can't say why these are so much better.  My guess is that it starts with their selection of the choicest meats and goes from there. We last went to Burgatory on Friday night, celebrating Valentine's Day & my husband's birthday.  Yes, it is packed.  PACKED.  It is a smallish restaurant serving remarkable food for reasonable prices.  So yeah, it's going to be a little popular.  But when we arrived I gave the server my cell number, I received a text telling us that our table would be ready in 1:10 - 1:20... and we went home to change from work clothes and check in with kid.  When we were leaving again got the text that our table was ready, we walked in and walked straight to our table.  Just like the fancy folk do in NYC!  Felt like Rockefellers.They also have an app that is works even better than this. We didn't know about it until after our date.  Will use that next time.But it's the food - the FOOD - that brings everyone to a small corner of Waterworks Mall.  The burgers are meals.  I had the special of the day, a Wagyu beef and aioli concoction I'd seen on their Facebook page.  Ordered and received it rare/med-rare.  My husband had the crab burger.  He also tried a couple of choices from their varied  selection of bottled beers.  He enjoys trying new beers.  After dinner we finished by splitting a wickedly good milkshake.  We chose the Caramel-Pretzel, un-spiked.  Burgatory is worth the wait.  MMmmmmm
5	Great as always! I'm so glad they're building one in the Waterfront... But I'm even gladder they're building Crunch gym in the Waterfront too. I'm sure I'll be at the new one more than enough... Lol. The waitstaff is always very nice. If you haven't been here before, go! They get so busy they have to get your phone number, and text you when you're table is ready. This is completely fine by me... I wish all restaurants did this. This is the first time I had one if the hard shakes. I'm not a fan of milkshakes per se, but I think I'm in love with the Espresso Love shake... I will be back, hopefully to the new Waterfront location.
5	Best vegan burger I've ever had ever ever ever. And the other burgers have never gotten a less-than-awesome review from my dining buddies.And their shakes? Holy crap, also the best ever. Vegan shakes on Tuesdays are always bomb, but they'll usually make you a chocolate or vanilla vegan shake if you request one on other days of the week.Just make sure you're okay waiting...Any day of the week, I've never waited less than 45 minutes to be seated. But there are lots of stores nearby while you wait for your Burgatory text!
4	I love burgatory. The wait here is ridiculous though because I'm not the only one who likes it. Got the "no wait app" and that's made is so much better. We just check in before we leave the house. They usually have a good selection of beers on tap or you can start with a milkshake. Love the caramel pretzel but it's so rich you need at least 3 people to drink it. The sriracha wings are ridiculously good and we always get an order I start. Don't love the blue cheese but honestly you don't even really need it. They recently added the potluck dinner and I am obsessed with it. It's over the top and so good. Before I found the potluck I would build my own and loved the variety of toppings. Morty's steakhouse is another good one. I usually upgrade my chips to a salad or fries. Love the salad their house dressing is good and it has sunflower seeds, parm, and roasted tomatoes. Service is usually pretty good. Just plan ahead and use the no wait app or you'll have to wait 1.5+ hours on a weekend night.
4	Went here for Valentines day,the wait was over 2 hours long but it was certainly worth the wait. Im not much of a burger eater (more of a chicken/steak guy) but this was certainly one of the best restaurant burgers i have ever eaten. I love the option to build your own burger the way you want it. You pick your meat,bun,cheese,rubs,toppings etc. Great choices for anyone looking to get a high quality burger at a reasonable price. My only complaints would be the rather cramped dining area and the waitress that we had was not the greatest,we went for long periods of time without her asking if we needed anything.Overall a great experience and as mentioned before one of the best burgers I have ever eaten.
4	This restaurant has great burgers and the milkshakes are unreal.  In my opinion the milkshakes are where this place shines.  They are full of all kinds of crazy ingredients and are some wild recipes.  I especially enjoy the burnt almond torte milkshake.  It's made with burnt almond torte from Prantl's, amaretto, and ice cream.  So good!  We tried this at home but it wasn't quite the same.
5	First off make sure you pay attention when your waitstaff tells you what the different dusts are. I didn't I ended up with a burger with devil dust. The burger was amazing but it was painfully hot for me. You eat it like "oh it hurts so good". All the food here is so good. There is a wait usually so plan ahead.
5	great burgers and even better milk shakesROUND 2 VOTING NOW  WE WON ROUND 1Pittsburgh fans can help Burgatory win best burger again this year.It's the burger brackets again that mimic march madness. We were in this last year for the first time and won best burger in the nation! We're defending champs this year and going for a repeat.There are SIX ROUNDS of voting to reduce those initial 64 to the final two brands that will compete on April 7. You must register to vote and you may vote once a day. Click on "Birds Eye View" at the top of this page and you'll see the matchups for Region 1. But make sure you visit ALL FOUR REGIONS by clicking Region 2, Region 3 and Region 4 as well. Be on your toes for Round 2 and Round 4: Each lasts just two days. It's all for fun so no trash talking out there. Good Luck. Enjoy.THE SCHEDULEROUND                    BEGINS                          ENDSROUND 1            12 AM, MARCH 17              7 PM, MARCH 21ROUND 2            12 AM, MARCH 22              7 PM, MARCH 23ROUND 3            12 AM, MARCH 24              7 PM, MARCH 28ROUND 4            12 AM, MARCH 29              7 PM, MARCH 30SEMI-FINALS      12 AM, MARCH 31              7 PM, APRIL 5CHAMPIONSHIP  12 AM, APRIL 6                  7 PM, APRIL 7Vote here:  http://www.burgerbusiness.com/?page_id=17117
3	I've had better burgers in Pittsburgh. The concept of building your own personalized burger is cool and all, but the extra $2.50 I paid for a skimpy portion of "smoked" bacon and grilled pineapple made my creation far from worth it. My friend highly recommends the chaco taco milkshake, however.The waitresses are a bit on the frosty side as well.
2	Coffee and Donuts milkshake was great, our burgers were not. Barely any cheese or sauce and my "pink" burger was dry and burnt. Try BRGR! They have excellent food!
5	Great menu and environment.  I love their black bean burgers since I don't eat much meat these days.  Always good to have tasty vegan options on a menu.
4	Warning: Plan on doing NOTHING following your meal at Burgatory.I had been to Burgatory once before.  It was post Thanksgiving Day, I believe that Sunday.  And after an overeating type of holiday I figured my food coma was driven by leftover turkey and the massive milkshake I got here.  So my plan of attack for my second visit was to have a light breakfast and steer clear of the delivious milkshake options.  The first part of the plan was followed, what happened after I blame on the restaurant.  We sat at the bar and got some really good drinks.  Mine was the Deuces Wild Lemonade.  Incredibly refreshing and had that nice good kick to it (this means it was nice and strong). After a nice short wait we were seated at a booth.  I was on cocktail #2 at that point.  Our server was Sara(h?) and she was really good.  Very friendly and had some good reccs.  We had to kids with us and she was helpful with them too.  I had the Morty's Steakhouse Burger and it was really good.  After another cocktail, our meal was complete.... oh except one of the kids did not finish their shake.  Guess who had some of it.... yup.  Needless to say the rest of the day was pleasantly unproductive.  Yeah that's a good description for it.  Seriously... next time I won't get a shake.  Oh who am I kidding.
5	It's not a terribly difficult concept, just burgers and some few other options with quality sides and tasty boozey milkshakes. Burgers are a favourite food for me so I liked this place and have gone many times, never having a bad experience. The service has always been quick and attentive and when I order a burger rare, it actually comes out rare (this is more uncommon than you'd think and I am happy if I get a medium-rare burger when I order rare).One thing I wish they'd add to the menu is a spicy burger, I know they have one burger with a bit of peppers but it really isn't spicy. For me a kick-in-the-ass burger would be a welcome addition to the menu.
5	The place is called Burgatory.  Do you need to know much else?  No?  Well, I'll tell you anyway.  Our service was great.  We wisely went around 5 on a Monday so there was no wait.  It still filled up within the hour!  I've heard some horror stories about he wait and they seem all too true from the other reviews.  Our waitress informed us about the menu and all the specials and was very attentive.  The draft list is not extensive, but very solid selection of 12 rotating drafts and great happy hour of half-off drafts from 4-6.  I had Green Flash Palate Wrecker, awesome DIPA that I have only seen once or twice otherwise in the Burgh (my palate survived).  Our waitress brought multiple samples from the bar to our table before we ordered drinks.I ordered the Meat Your Maker burger.  Oh my.  Delicious.  Dry aged wagyu beef with sweet onion crust, marvelous aged gruyere, roasted tomatoes, organic greens and truffled shallot aioli.  The side of chips on the other hand, I wasn't very impressed with.  They were mix of sweet potato and potato and pretty average.By this time any normal human would be beyond full, but of course I had to order a shake.  The Coffee and Donuts milkshake was glorious.  I'm pretty disappointed in myself for not ordering a hard shake, I guess I'll just have to go back!I would not plan on being productive after eating here.  I was so full.  Honestly, if I came here for lunch I'd be done for the day.
4	I can't decide which burger is best in Pittsburgh, but this place is one of the top contenders. I built my own burger which is a great plus about this place since there are so many options when you don't necessarily want one of their specialty burgers. Another plus is that they have horseradish cheddar cheese as an option, um yes!! I really enjoyed the burger I made and hope to make a totally different one next time. They have happy hour from 4-6 so that's basically the only time I would go since their drink prices aren't low. It did take a little longer than I liked for our burgers to come out (and we didn't get well done or anything) so that's why I only put 4 stars. Also I don't know what it is about Pittsburgh and their $12 burgers, but I would really like a cheaper burger especially since you don't get sides other than a few chips. Still delicious though.
4	This is a fun place, albeit crowded. The burgers are great, and customizable- and their shakes are also very good. They put some good effort into the decor, and the logo and theme are a nice and fun touch.They also have a bunch of TVs playing sports channels, and a bar (not sure if you can order food at the bar, but I think so.)
5	Incredible taste to the 3 items I ordered.  I had the caramel pretzel milkshake and my day could have ended perfectly right there. Yes, ended. I had the milkshake first! Then came the biggest, best onion rings ever. I cut one of the 5 rings into 8 bite size pieces of deliciousness. Finally my "standard" burger arrived and wasn't disappointed with this either. I was only able to finish half. Ended up taking the burger and leftover shake out the door with me. My boyfriend had similar experience with s'mores shake and the bison burger. Waitstaff was good and attentive.
5	I went back today to just have some appetizers and beer with my friend. We decided to share the onion rings and nachos. BEST ONION RINGS I'VE EVER HAD! I didn't even take time to take a picture for you all (sorry) because they looked so amazing and I was starving. They are huge and then crust does not fall off/ the onion doesn't all come out at once. I would come here any day and be pleased just getting the onion rings. They also come with 2 homemade sauces which make the experience even better. The nachos were also amazing! It made me forget about the fact that they are known for burgers. I'm giving this place an extra star (I gave them 4 previously) just because these two dishes were just so good. Seriously. Get them.
5	The best burger restaurant here i came 2 times something amazing you can customize your meal
5	I'll make this short: best burger and milkshake I've had in Pittsburgh but use the NoWait app prior to going (it will save you a lot of time)
3	Hailed as the best burger joint in Pittsburgh, I was very underwhelmed. I think the best burger places are dive bars so maybe this puts things in perspective.  For the price and the quality there was nothing setting burgatory apart from other specialized burger restaurants. We got the Elk burger and wings which were just okay. But I think I should just stick to  my dive bars.
4	I ordered the make your own burger with chicken, gorgonzola, mixed greens and tomato on focaccia.  It was extremely filling and delicious!  My dining companion, who's not a vegetarian, ordered the veggie burger with farmhouse cheddar and told me it was excellent.  She's gluten-sensitive, so she appreciated the gluten-free bun option (which she took advantage of), as well as our waitress asking about the acceptability of small amounts of gluten in other items.  We ordered the gorgonzola truffle fries to split to go with our burgers, and they were a great accompaniment.In addition to the burgers, we ordered the salted Nutella crunch shake (one of two shakes without gluten) and split it, which was the perfect amount for two people.  Although the burgers were great, the milkshake was the star of the show!  It was incredibly thick and creamy, and the salty and sweet flavors of the Nutella and Crunch bars melded together wonderfully.  There are so many interesting and creative milkshakes on the menu--I look forward to returning to try the others (without the gluten restriction :-) and figuring out my favorites.  (Sign up for the mailing list and they'll send you a free milkshake coupon for your birthday!)Service was good, and we used the NoWait app to cut down on the time we had to wait to be seated.  Personally, I'm not a huge fan of the sports bar-like, strip mall atmosphere. For burgers, I found it on par with BRGR; Burgatory wins for milkshakes, and BRGR wins for atmosphere.  I can't comment on the beef burgers or doneness since I don't eat red meat. 4.5 stars.
4	They made one of the better burgers that I've had and cooked it bloody rare as requested. I chose to make my own burger and it did not disappoint. I got the caramel pretzel milkshake and it was also extremely tasty and filling. My fiance got the crab burger and said it was very good. My only complaint was how expensive it was.
5	The name alone says everything! When I first passed this spot, I was like hmmm interesting concept. Going in, it was everything I wanted it to be!!!Again, on a trip with the fam, we stayed across the street from this joint and i love to visit off the chain places.And this place is just that! It seems they thought of everything! The decor! The slogans, the garage door patio, the milkshakes, the burger menu, i mean...what don't they do!?!I didn't have an adult beverage, but I would imagine they were good too!The little had the hot dog and deconstructed it and still loved it. I got the Steak/Morton burger and it was good. It was even good 3 hours later on the highway! Lots of onion straws. I could've used maybe a little more cheese.DH made his own burger and thank God that was an option.An to end it...I got the Carmel pretzel milkshake. Like...how do the pieces of the pretzel stay whole an not soggy in the glass (and a half) you get of it. My daughter said they use special "permenant" prezels that never get soft. She may be right!The fries were actually the BEST thing on the menu to me. I need a week to just try stuff from this place. But the fries...perfection.I miss you already Burgatory. Being bad never tasted so good! (is that they're slogan because I seriously just made that up).
5	What's not to like about this place other than the long wait times? Very creative and near perfect execution. Only slight complaint is meat usually too done for my liking, but I prefer my beef walk to the table after a quick tatoo from the grill. Flavor still topnotch. Nice to stumble on a place in the burgh that cares about quality. They could hold their even own in Houston & Austin.
5	Burgatory, light of my life, fire of my loins. My sin, my soul.Come on, it's a build your own burger bar, and it's fantastic. Add-ons on top of add-ons for those with poor self control and little regard for what makes a sensible burger (you mean I can put a fried egg on top AND have 2 kinds of cheese AND bacon? it's a good thing I don't eat like this all the time) means it could cost a pretty penny, but the entire experience is so worth it. If you have a love/hate relationship with your intestines, go for the milkshakes as well. The waitstaff has always been nothing short of friendly and attentive and seem pretty genuinely jazzed to be there, and so should you.I can't say for all days of the week, but the wait is usually ~45 minutes in my experience. Troll around Barnes and Noble for a while, and let the spirit of the Waterworks wash over you.They've opened up a new spot at the Waterfront, and it might be a bigger space, but the OG location has won my heart.
3	I'd heard really great things about their downtown location from my sister, so my expectations were pretty high for this place. I was excited that it was a build your own burger bar with a veggie burger option, since I'm a vegetarian. I love barbecue anything, and it's rare that I get to experience good BBQ as a non-meat eater. I decided to get the veggie burger with a BBQ rub, farmhouse cheddar, BBQ sauce, and grilled onions. Unfortunately I was pretty disappointed in the flavor and texture of the burger, I guess I should have guessed that their BBQ wasn't that popular because none of their suggested burgers combinations featured barbecue sauce. I also ordered a s'mores (non-alcoholic) shake that, to me, was just okay. My boyfriend got an actual burger that had similar rub/toppings and was also pretty disappointed. I think next time I go I will get an already-recommended combo of toppings. I think Burgatory has potential to be delicious, my expectations were just a little too high for my first time.
5	One of the best Burger restaurants!I have been there several times though there is always a long wait. The shake and burgers are just brilliant. I love everything I have tried so far.
4	Burgatory....you had me at boozy milkshakes. Overall, I dig this place, and my fiance loves it! I'm not as crazy about burgers, but I usually do the ground chicken and I really enjoy it. You can create your own, which I'm always a fan of and they have some decent options that you don't see everywhere like truffled shallot aioli and gruyere cheese.Although this place is known for it's burgers, I'm actually a bigger fan of the nachos (get them, you'll thank me later) and the shakes. The downsides? It's generally a huge wait, it's often loud, and if you end up seated in the tent area in one of the high top tables, you have no where to put your belongings (read: purse). Overall, it's a great spot for a delicious burger and shake.
4	I'll just preface this by saying this is not a place for health nuts.That's really what I couldn't get past while here. Sure, all burger joints are gonna be pretty artery clogging, but Burgatory especially. My burger tasted great (I ordered some custom concoction), and so did the fries, but both were underscored with the nagging thought, "How many years of my life is this shaving off?"
5	I absolutely love the psychedelic shroom "hand". It's better than the meat burgers- seriously just try it- it's amazing!
4	Those two hour wait times during dinner are now understandable. All the hype is justified. This place is delicious. Phat Patti's Veggie topless is GOOD. It was so full of yummy toppings that I had to use a fork and knife to eat it. The actual patty was clearly made fresh. Veggies can appreciate that! Lost a star because the sea salt & herb fries were disappointing. Fries are my favorite & I am not the least bit of a fry snob (Wendy's fries alllllllll day) so I was sad to find they weren't that tasty. Clearly a poor choice on my part. I'll have to try those truffle fries next time. WISH I could have fit a milkshake into my stomach, but it just wasn't going to happen. Go for an early lunch to beat those long dinner lines for a burger. Then visit again for fries and a milkshake. If you fit it all in in one sitting, you deserve an award.
5	Best burger you'll find in Pittsburgh. Make sure to get as much on it as you can and get a milk shake! If you still can move after this meal you did it wrong, perfect burger, great shake and good fries! (The chips are good too but get the fries).
5	Clearly a place with several hundred glowing reviews doesn't need another thumbs-upskie from me, but I'm going to give it one anyway.I adore Burgatory. And it's weird that I would love a place called Burgatory, because I don't really eat any meat except for chicken. But the beauty of Burgatory is that they don't just cater to the traditional beef burger eaters. Their handy build-your-own option gives chicken and veggie lovers like me the ultimate burger freedom! Hooray!  My favorite combination as of late is a burger made with chicken breast dusted in cajun seasoning, topped with farmhouse cheddar, BBQ sauce, and onion straws. That's it. Very simple, yet so, so, so, so, so yummy. The ingredients that they use are so high-quality and fresh that you can really TASTE them. The farmhouse cheddar is perfectly sharp and tangy, the spice from the cajun coating on my chicken really pops, the BBQ is sweet and smokey, and the onion straws add a nice salty and crunchy bite. All of these flavors manage to simultaneously stand on their own while working in perfect harmony together. It's truly chicken sandwich bliss.Of course, you can't have a helluva burger without balancing it out with a heavenly shake. And their shakes live up to their heavenly moniker. My favorite is the S'mores, with chocolate, micro-marshmallows, and tiny bits of crushed graham cracker throughout, topped with a giant toasted marshmallow. The salted nutella crunch shake is also amazing (though really, have you ever had anything with nutella that WASN'T amazing?!), and I love their specialty shakes too. Around Easter time they had a Peeps shake that was out of this world. Their shakes are huge and easily enough to put anyone into a diabetic coma, so split one with a friend (sharing is caring, after all).The only thing I don't like about this place is their high-top table chairs. I know they're trying to go with the ultra-modern decor, but those high-top metal chairs are ridiculously uncomfortable. I'm a tall drink of water, and I just don't fit right on them...my legs dangle and there's no comfortable place to rest them. I just end up feeling like an overgrown toddler when I'm sitting on those chairs, I don't know why. It's quite odd.This place does get really, really crowded, and not just during normal weekend dinner hours, but sometimes at completely random times as well (there was once a wait at 2:00 on a Tuesday, WTH?)  However, their wicked wait times have gotten a lot more manageable with the No Wait app. Click a place in line in the app, and they text you when your table is almost ready so you can start heading over. Unbelievably convenient, especially for me since I live within walking distance of this place. Now I can wait at home and just walk over when my table is ready instead of having to putter around outside the restaurant with a huge crowd. Fantastic!
3	I've heard a lot of great things about Burgatory from Pittsburghers and decided to give it a try. I'm not a milkshake person, so I didn't get that. The review suggest they are to die for. Perhaps, I'll try it next time when I have a little more room in my tummy. My burger- Meat Your Maker-- was good. Based on the reviews and feedback from others, I was expecting a lot more.
5	Went to Burgatory (Waterworks) this past weekend and while the reviews are dead on about the food (AMAZING) we were equally impressed with the service.  While everyone seemed friendly and helpful, our server Justin, made our experience so much better.  He was friendly, attentive, and made sure that were happy with our order.  My husband asked him for a recommendation on food and he nailed the elk gone wild burger!  As good as he promised it would be.  He also recommended a killer margarita for me -- delicious!  Ask for Justin when you go!  You won't be disappointed!!  Peace!
5	Great place to grab a burger and beer. I had the Phat Patti's Veggie. It was super tasty. I nearly had to unhinge my jaw to fit it in my mouth. I also really enjoyed all the sauces/spreads you can get. The truffle shallot was my favorite.
4	Clearly we all know that Burgatory is amazing. Milkshakes, truffle fries, bison burgers...the list goes on and on. It's fantastic and tasty and everything that you want a burger and milkshake to be.The only thing that definitely stinks about this place are the 2 to 3 hour wait times on any given weekend (Friday night included). Even though we almost always have to wait it's obviously worth it every time. The only complaint for me here is Burgatory's idea of "Medium" to "Medium Well". I tend to like my burgers done Medium to Medium Well.  Each time I have ordered a burger as Medium here it literally comes out BLOODY. I know the difference between a juicy medium burger with some pink and something that resembles raw meat slightly cooked on the outside ( I could see the UNCOOKED grinds - gross!). One time I ordered my burger Medium and almost could not eat it (a tragedy) because of the texture and taste of the under cooked meat. I went home and felt sick for 2 days after that...I learned my lesson the hard way on this one and even tried to redeem Burgatory's "medium" cooking a second time. Still too under cooked for my liking. I have never had this problem at any other burger place ( and I am a burger FREAK), so from now on I will always go with "Well Done" here and you might want to too if you're like me in the Medium category. While this is my one and only complaint on the food it obviously is not enough to deter me from going back or kill my love of Burgatory.
5	Yummy, yummy, yummy I got Burgatory in my tummy is what I was singing in my head my last trip here...  I should preface that this was the first time I have eaten in at Burgatory, as other attempts were halted due to extreme wait times.  In the past my office has ordered takeout from the Waterworks location.  The take-out was still yummy, but through transportation and whatnot the burger arrived pretty messed up.  So eating in is my preferred method.Last time there was a real treat as I usually don't get to go out to eat for lunch due to time constraints and this chain they have on my leg attached to my desk, however I was in luck this day.  My Operations Manager was in town that week and asked if he could take me out to lunch to talk about some things.  I happily excepted and strongly suggested Burgatory, so off we went.  When we got there we didn't have to wait for a table, which is something I had yet to experience with other attempts to eat here.  Seated I looked at the menu and decided on the build your own burger...  I went with the Dry Aged Wagyu, on a wheat bun, with Diablo Dust, Smoked Gouda, Sriracha Remoulade (on the side) with lettuce tomato, onion, and jalapenos.  I like my burgers cooked medium rare, I think Burgatory cooks closer to rare in the middle but that doesn't bother me, but as a tip I would suggest most people would like it a little more cooked.  I on the other hand was extremely pleased.  The burger didn't take too long to come out so we spent the next 10-15 minutes in complete silence as we ate...  Oh so much better than takeout!  This is up there with one of the best burgers I've ever had, and since it's on the boss it was also the cheapest, meaning free.  Can't turn that down ever.  Can't wait until they finish their new location east of the city, 3 miles from me : )
3	The meal was close to $50 for two burgers and their poutine appetizer. I got the wagyu burger with ham and cheddar and it was pretty good. The poutine wasn't that good though I thought, the beef on top and the watery gravy didn't do it for me, especially when the beef had chunks of fat and bone in it. I might come back, but doubt it. For the drive from my house to this place I'd rather drive to Cleveland and eat at BSpot, it's half the price and a better burger in my opinion.
5	The food & shakes are amazing!! Do the custom burgers you will not be sorry. I was in town from Cleveland and I will go back again for the burgers.
5	Awesome burgers! I've been here a few times and was impressed every time. I'm sure the burgers on the menu are tasty, but the create-your-own is the way to go, especially if you like unique burgers and topping combinations. My favorite's the Bison burger with buffalo cheddar, garlic mayo, a fried egg, avocado, organic greens, and tomato. Tremendous combo!  I don't get the rubs, I feel like it's too much with all the other toppings. There is always a wait here, but I can't fault the place for being busy. I'm sure the Barnes and Noble right next door is very appreciative.
4	Burgatory was one of the burger places on my list when we moved to Pittsburgh. We had heard pretty good things about his place. So far they have continued to live up to the hype.My go-to burger is the grass-fed patty with Angel Dust, bunch of veggies, whole grain mustard, and bacon. Sometimes I go with a bun and sometimes bunless. Just about every time it is cooked perfectly. I really enjoy the Angel Dust. When I specify "Pink" interior, it is pink; not rare or well-done. They have a great set of toppings, including cucumber which I really like.Their chips are very good, a mix of sweet potato and regular potato. Fries are pretty good if not overwhelming. I often get a field greens salad instead of fries or chips and it is a nice change of pace:  mixed greens with pickled tomatoes, shaved parmesan cheese, and pine nuts. I generally don't get a shake, but my wife does. When I've tried one, each one has been very good. They have a small but well-thought out craft beer selection that seems to be rotated frequently.There tends to be a long wait at any of their locations, so do yourself a favor and get the NoWait phone app. it lets you put yourself in-line for a table before you get there. Overall the interiors are basic but every server we've had has been terrific, particularly with our young daughter.Burgatory is definitely in the top-3 of our Pittsburgh burger list.
5	I LOVE this place and the food is awesome :) must have: espresso love shake. Also the portobello steaks appetizer is very good!
5	So good! Nice, small dinning room with open windows. Great service and vanilla fortune cookies after the food! And kids get free cherry coke floats if they eat everything.
2	I hate to say it,  but the burger disappointed me. It had all the fixibgs to taste amazing - haystack onions, blue cheese, arugula, brioche bun.... but the most flavorful thing was sadly, the arugula. I may give the place a 2nd try, especially because the alcoholic almond torte shake was phenomenal,  but I have never left a burger place disappointed before.
3	I just recently went to Burgatory and I have to tell you that I was extremely pleased with our service.I think that I'm a little "burgered out" due to the proliferation of burger joints in Pittsburgh and the surrounding areas.  In order for me to give high praise, you really have to do something outstanding with your menu, service, decor, etc....  Burgatory provides a nice environment, solid menu options and great service.  However, when you compare their offerings to other burger joints, it's just equally appealing to the other burger restaurants.We went during their "Happy Hour" last Friday where you can order their appetizers and beer at half off the menu price, as well as $5 well drinks.  Great deal if you can get there between 4-6pm.  Because of the price, I decided to go with appetizers for my meal.  I ordered the Fire kissed Sriracha wings, Moo Better Blues sliders, Sea Salt and Herb Pommes Frites and the Bangkok Steak Fries.  My daughter and I split the apps and my sister and niece ordered individual customized burgers.  Additionally, my daughter, niece and sister ordered milkshakes and I ordered Mike's Scratch Margarita.The fresh cut fries were exactly as I expected them to be: hot, crispy and well seasoned. That may not seem like much, but I can't tell you how many times I've been to a restaurant that specialized in "burgers" and then the proprietors screwed things up by serving wishy-washy frozen fries. Ugh!  The wings were well done and the sliders were tasty.  Additionally, the $5 "Rita" had some mojo behind it. (You know how "some" restaurants water down their well drinks on special...  This was not the case.  Whew-wee!)  My only compalint was that the Bangkok Steak Fries (actually tempura fried portobello mushrooms) were on the greasy/heavy side.  Good idea gone wrong because of a leaden tempura batter.  Tempura batters should be light and extremely crispy which allows the food being fried to shine through.  This did not happen.All in all, a very pleasant visit and a very reasonably priced meal.
4	Great name and Really amazing hormone free beef burgers, I like mine red and it came out that way but the cheese was slightly cool. I had the Meet the Maker burger and didn't change a thing, napa slaw and iced tea. Delicious flavor but the bun fell apart at the end so I fork and knifed it. Not a huge deal because it was scrumptious.The place is a bit loud for dinner and we had a 45 minute wait. We are from out of town and visiting friends so we were committed to waiting. It wound up only being a 20 minute wait. Service was really friendly and hip waitrons with ink and personality, totally my kind of place. If we visit the area again we will surely make it back.
5	The Morty's Steakhouse burger is my favorite in Pittsburgh. Great shakes. Great onion rings. Great gorgonzola fries.
4	I tend to prefer thin, sloppy burgers (e.g., Shake Shack) to thick burgers, but this was good for a thick burger. I don't understand serving burgers without fries, though. Burgers and fries are like peanut butter and jelly. Don't give me chips with my burger and then upcharge me for a burger's natural companion.The milkshakes make up for it though!!! Tip: unless you have the biggest appetite on earth, either split a milkshake with someone or split a meal. I ALWAYS finish my food and could not finish my burger, fries, and milkshake. Maybe that's why they serve chips instead of fries. Hmmm, interesting. I still don't approve.
5	Best burgers in Pgh, hands down. I haven't had anything that isn't great, fries, shakes, corn bread, salad, chicken burger. You can't go wrong unless you put crazy stuff on your burger, then it's your fault.
4	This place is great!!! The burgers are awesome!! Staff are great and they are fast!  Just allow extra time on the weekends.. They are very busy!
4	Amazing burgers. The potluck burger was awesome comes with chips. I got the special shake of the month that donates money to local children in the hospital. Busy busyplace waited an hour totally worth the wait. The server was fantastic, My family and i will be back. Thank you for a great experience.
4	A great, cozy place to have some nice artisan burgers. I prefer thinner burgers to thick burgers, but I had to try Burgatory after hearing about it while on business. The staff was charming and I didn't wait long at all to find a seat, even during a busy lunch hour. The waygu beef burger was well seasoned and the toppings were intriguing, as they aren't the usual fare you'd find on a burger in other places.They have a good beer selection as well, and their onion rings are the size of small donuts. Definitely worth your time to check it out.
5	I absolutely love Burgatory! I love their milkshakes especially the salted carmel pretzel. You also gotta love their appetizer fries that have gravy on it. I could have had the milkshake and the fries alone and I would have been just as happy but then the burger comes and it feels almost like a burger Thanksgiving with all the good food. Definitely one of the one things I love about living in Pittsburgh.
4	Everyone in my group loved the burgers there!! They were a little bit pricey...but you can tell they are good because the place was packed. At those prices, they should serve fries with the burgers and not just chips.Service was a little slow...but overall, it was good. I'd go back again.Visited October 2014
5	Oh my goodness, the best Veggie burger I have ever had in my life!!!!! Taste tremendously better than the real thing/ I would love t o have on at home. The baked beans were phenomenon as well.
5	I'm new to the area and was looking for a good Kobe beef burger.  I was skeptical because their meat maker uses wagyu, the American version of Kobe but all doubts dissipated once I took a bite. The beef is extremely tender. And I loved the truffle aioli. I can't wait for the monroeville location to open so I don't have to drive all the way to pittsburgh anymore.
4	We recently went to Burgatory and it was amazing.  I made my own burger creation which included the following:Hormone Free Beef, Brioche bun, Sweet Onion Rub, Buffalo Cheddar, Habanero Jelly Sauce, Baby Spinach, Organic Field Greens, Arugula and Sliced Tomato with free chips on the side. And I love it!!! Most delicious burger ever!!! There was a sweet taste with a spicy sensation. Very unique taste! Also our server was friendly and helpful; however, the service was a bit slow since it was very busy and packed. Overall, I highly recommend everyone to try this place out.
1	I used to enjoy Burgatory, unfortunately as of late they have been slacking. Slacking to the point where I will not go back. They mess up the take out orders quite often now, especially when it comes to getting the correct side, and not to mention they are usually lukewarm or cold. The last experience I had in the restaurant was easily the worst. The waiter barely paid attention to our table, and that was problematic because my vegan burger was completely burnt. It was blackened on both sides. By the time they were able to redo the burger, everyone at my table was finished. I ate part of the burger and tried the get a box for the salad I paid extra for, since I was the only one left eating, and after getting a hold of the waiter and asking for a box, he never came back to the table. He walked past our table several times tending to other tables, but I couldn't grab his attention. I left infuriated, without my salad and the leftover food I had just paid for.I've also noticed they tend not to pay attention to you if it's just two people at the table and the servers tend not to know exactly what's in your food--something important when I order vegan friendly food. The bean side wasn't labeled that it contained meat, and the waitress (whom I told I was vegan) happily served me the beans. It wasn't until I dug in that I realized there was bacon in the beans--probably the furthest thing from vegan friendly.
3	Went here for first time as it was a on a top 5 burger list in Pittsburgh. Big burger that was cooked as ordered. The meat didn't have much beef flavor! Next time I'll try a different burger from the list. My best burger is the triple-prime @ Ruby Tuesday. Next up on the list will be Eleven.
4	One word: YAAAAAASI ordered a vegan burger on a baguette with the Cajun rub and vegan cheese. Absolute perfection in a vegans world. It was unique and unlike any veggie burger experience I've ever had!
4	Had the Bourbon BBQ wings for an App and they were delicious. Perfectly fried & I really liked the sauce.I built my own burger. I got the Aged Wagyu on Biroche with White American Cheese and the Angel Dust Rub. It was very good my only complaint would be I selected pink but my burger was well done. Still it had an excellent taste.For dessert I had the Salted Nutella Crunch Shake. It was amazing. I will certainly be back!
5	My favorite burger. Very good. Thick and juicy. Yum.! Also big selections of meats and toppings and even bread
5	Oh man I never have seen a place that is so good at pairing milk shakes and burgers! My advice: Share a milk shake!! Not only do they give you a large milk shake, they give you the silver blender cup with more milk shake in it so you are essentially getting 2 anyway. I built my own burger and it was absolutely tasty, very hot and juicy!
5	Burgatory is one of my happy places. Has been since the first time we went. I had average expectations because of the hype that often puts a restaurant (or anything for that matter) in the predicament of having to live up to such heights, but Burgatory didn't let us - or itself - down! The hype is warranted, and this location is probably my favorite for it's smaller, warm vibe.Great burgers, and dare I say, even better shakes! The service has typically been really good, and the quality has maintained it's consistency despite their slow, but steady openings of new locations.I'm not going to dive too deep, as my write-up on the food experience was already noted on my review of their Robinson location (http://www.yelp.com/biz/burgatory-pittsburgh-5?hrid=KHuofFy5VCPpXPv0FbZv4A), and there's little difference, aside from restaurant size (the wait, food, and atmosphere are basically the exact same).You might enter Burgatory, but your tastebuds won't be staying long...they're just a few sinful bites or sips away from "heaven." Haha. Enjoy!
2	Totally overrated and was WAY better when it first opened. Food has consistently gone downhill over the past year, and is in no way worth the outrageous wait times. We never wait. If we can't get right in, we leave. The food is often over salted and the milkshakes too thick. I think if Burgatory had stayed focused on its food and not on becoming a local chain, the quality would not have suffered so much.
