4	This is nice little place right across from Arizona State University and they have really good hot dogs.  Their menu is pretty small, basically consisting of chili dog, Chicago dog, chicken wings, and chicken sandwich.  Their chili dogs are really good and the fries are better than your average fast food place.  They do deliver in a limited range.  They have 2 TVs (17" inch ones) to watch the game.  They also have beer.  It's a tad expensive but not too bad.  Nice place to get lunch.
4	My boss is from Indiana near the Chicago side.  He sometimes gets me to eat hot dogs when we go out for lunch.  He prefers Ted's but I'd have to say this is my favorite place to sit down and devour a wiener.  Dave is a cool cat.  He's retired from the music industry, look for his gold record on the wall!  He has all kinds of funny signs up everywhere.  There are 2 TVs which are always tuned to sports channels, but not being a sports fan the appeal is lost on me.  They do always have some decent 70s rock and pop going which usually puts me in a good mood for dog consumption.There are 2 kinds of dogs: Boston dogs and Chili dogs.    Boston dogs come dressed in mustard, onions and sweet relish.  Chili dogs come with onions, mustard and chili.  Ketchup is available over by the drinks.  Do yourself a favor and save it for the fries.  I've never seen it happen there, but I can just imagine someone putting ketchup all over their hot dog in this joint and instantly bursting into flames.  Oh well, that's what they get for not being a true believer. The dogs themselves are custom made back east according to Dave's secret recipe.  I don't give a shit what's in them, they're delicious.The fries are decent, but nothing to write home about.  Everything else on the menu isn't worth mentioning.  It's not that it sucks, it's that the hot dogs are what makes this place.  So don't puss out.  Get a dog and enjoy it.
5	This place is absolutely legendary.  Best chili dogs on the planet -- amazing meaty dogs, toasted buttered bread bun, gloriously greasy chili.  Even the fries are perfect.I have to take issue with another reviewer's claim that the other menu items aren't any good.  The sliders are almost appallingly greasy but taste like pure heaven.  Even the marinara chicken sandwich is delicious.There's a fantastic backstory to this place, too.  Dave has somehow kept the Dog House open ever since the complex sold off to greedy hotel developers without making him a fair deal.  The entire strip is vacant now except for Dave's -- and thank God this place is still standing.Ted's is nothing compared to this.  Dave's will change your life.
4	I work in the area and always past by this place and decided to stop in with my boss.  All I can say is WOW, the hot dogs are so delicious, Butter toasted buns and the dogs come from Boston and the chili is so good, fries are ok, but the dogs is where it is at, but the only reason they didn't get 5 stars is because of the price, it can be expensive, expected to pay like $12 for a combo meal.
3	Dave's has pretty okay hot dogs, but their prices are astronomical for what  you get. Some reviews mention its pricey thats an understatement be prepared to mortgage your house or sell a kidney for these dogs. M vote not worth it.
5	eating the Devil Dog is no easy task.  Its a pound hot dog with a huge bun and its so delicious. If you finish it you get a free tee shirt.
4	Buttered Buns!  Need I say more?Yeah sure, why not.  The regular dogs are a good size but if that's not enough for you, they offer a "pounder"!  yikes, not for this gal, but maybe for you.The Boston dog comes with mustard, relish and onions, which is a good combo in my book.  But then they put the grilled dog and all those condiments in a buttery toasted bun.  Now that's just yummy.  Seriously.I read another person's review that said the french-fires were too greasy and I must correct that - they are in no way greasy - they were perfect in every way.  Yes to the fries.
5	Finished the devil dog challenge in less than 10 mins. Excellent place for hot dogs.
5	Tomorrow I walk for my diploma and let me say...this place got me through the late nights in Architecture school.  Of course I changed majors, but when Ron and I had to stay up till 5am working on models and drawing this place was a lifesaver.  While they have a pricey menu, you have to take in account their outsourcing wieners!  I would say to eat what you get there, and don't chance the meal getting cold before you get to your destination.  Plus the restaurant in itself is great! On the walls there are funny little comics and newspaper clippings that give this place its true character.  This place definitely needs more than 10 reviews. Try this place ASAP cause you'll be sorry if you don't.  Then you too can be a witness to the deliciousness
5	Still my favorite hot dog in Arizona, Its a great little break from the health world. The sliders are damn good too. Damn its 8am, now Im craving Dave's Dog house.
5	Dave's rules! I have been enjoying these gourmet dogs since Dave opened his first dog house (2005?), in the now torn down east-most Arches. I always go for the Chili Dog, but have also tried the Boston Dog which the wife likes. The buns are buttered and then grilled, and even a simple side of fries are always fried just right. This is just a great place worth driving across town for. I am lucky though, as it's only a few blocks from me. Come enjoy!
4	I stopped by the ASU location this morning as I hadn't eaten breakfast and was hella hungry. I was quickly greeted and ordered the breakfast sandwich with hash browns. I had to wait a little bit for it, but you can watch them make the food and could tell it was being made with love so I didn't mind. In hindsight I don't know if it was worth the $4.05 including tax, but at the time it was bombtastic. I texted my friend and told him it was great in that "I'm going to have a heart attack" kind of way. Anyways, I'll definitely stop by for a hot dog sometime...I'm glad there's finally a food place on my side of campus!
4	Back during my Freshman year I would come here late at night for a great late night snack. Dave's was in walking distance to my dorm, and after a few minute walk, I began to smell something good. That's the smell of freshly grilled hot dogs! My favorite was the #2 (2 boston dogs, fries, and a drink) or the #6 (3 sliders and fries). The hotdogs come on a fresh toasted bun, and they are cooked to perfection. The french fries are delicious, with the right amount of salt and being golden brown to make the perfect late night french fry. My favorite thing on the menu were the sliders. They were delicious. You would expect to see manufactured patties straight from the freezer, but these are fresh ground and appeared to be hand formed. If you want a great lunch, dinner, and an amazing late night snack, Dave's is where it's at.
5	Dave's Doghouse has THE BEST dogs in Tempe...FYI to everyone, they are no longer on UNIVERSITY as they have moved to the actual ASU campus itself.  You'll find them just a few hundred feet away from their original location but if you like being in the midst of all the pretty girls and backpackers...who cares right?They've got new hours and even a few breakfast items now.  They use the same buns on their breakfast sandwich that they use on their sliders...YUMMERS!
5	best hot dog and fries I have had in years.  they are now on asu's campus right down from where they were before .  added some good  stuff to the menu.  worth the short walk onto campus.  all the food is fresh, prepared to order and the best.  I understand they are soon to go to other locations.  hope one is near me.
2	These people are high.  This place is very expensive(for hot dogs), you don't get a lot of food, and it's not very special.  Chuckbox sells dogs just down the way, and Ted's is in the same city.  Do yourself a favor and check the food out before you order.
4	I've had Dave's bookmarked for a while and finally had a chance to check it out today.  FIrst of all, it's no longer on University, it's on Forest, south of its former location, within the hallowed halls of the ASU campus.  Keep walking past where the road ends, and it will be on your left.  Easy to miss unless you're looking for it.I opted for a #5, which is a Boston dog, a chili dog, fries, and a drink.  Probably not the healthiest meal i've had of late. I really liked the unique "bun", and the Boston dog was probably my favorite of the two.  Good wiener, good condiments.  The chili dog was very good, if not outstanding.  The fries were just average.  Overall I really liked the joint and will almost surely be back, though when in the area it's awfully hard to avoid The Chuck Box.  4 solid stars on the Brak-o-Meter.
4	For all of my high brow tastes, I am a self-proclaimed hot dog addict - I always have time for a hot dog competition that involves me and a line of the bun-swaddled treats.  You don't even have to slow me down with mustard - I'll take them any way they come.Dave's Dog House is pretty excellent for a hot dog jones, and damn convenient for anyone at ASU.  The place churns out exceptional dogs with natural casings that pop when you bite into them, the way that pantheons of dog-dome (like Gray's Papaya and Nathan's for you NYCers).  Top that off with buttered and griddled buns and crisp fries and you are in for a treat.  I like the Boston Dog myself - just a bit of onions, mustard and relish to dress things up, but you can partake in chili or saurkraut as well and make it a party.Dave is shy of the 5 star rating for me because they can be a little slow at times, and not due to large crowds per se, but due to organization.  It often seems like they're training new employees on the job and your order will take a good 5-10 minutes to come out even though only you and one other person are waiting there.  It can be trying if you are in a hurry, but not so bad that you should skip this place.  Also, their chili is a little strange - on a hot dog, it's one thing because there isn't too much.  But on, say, chili fries, you notice how the texture resembles paste.  I almost recommend that you don't sully your experience with the odd chili and just focus on the hot doggy goodness.Also, if you are around after 4pm, the place has really good Happy Hour specials that rotate monthly, from $1 sliders (on griddled brioche, no less) to $1.75 corn dogs (fried to order).  Well worth the price if it's your first time at Dave's.
2	I used to frequent Dave's a few times a week. The owner is a retired accountant and the problem with his doghouse can probably be traced to his penny-pinching roots. Originally, I would have given this place 5-stars, there was a guy named Jorge that worked there all the time and ensured that the sliders, dogs, fries, whatever you order, was top-notch quality and cooked perfectly. Long story short, Old Dave the Accountant started pinching pennies and hiring teenagers and burnt out ex-janitor types and sure enough, the food quality and perfection started to go down hill. The few times that I've been back since, the fries have been burnt or soggy, the sliders overcooked and dry, and the service lacks any charm. Bottom line is, as great as the food can be here, there is no one that works there that cares enough to make sure that its great every time. I
1	I've experienced better, much better. The prices are too high, the food is mediocre. I went here once when I had a coupon and I wouldn't go back. It smells bad inside, the food just wasn't good and I was just thoroughly disappointed with the experience.
3	Dave's Dog House makes unique, tasty hot dogs. They have a delightful, back-east bun that's more like a piece of thick, foldable toast. The dogs are high quality and flavorful, and priced well. The fries are alright, but sadly nothing to write home about. They've since moved ON campus, just off the Gammage Parkway loop, so it's a bit trickier to get to from Mill during school, but they're a much better dog than some of the other options available on Mill.
3	I had the Reuben for lunch. It was okay but the cheese wasn't melted and there was a bit too much thousand island dressing. The Sea Dog was for dinner. It was just okay. Nothing to drive out of my way for. I did like the toast they used for the bun. Took a little searching since I wasn't familiar with the campus and I had to pay for parking a short walk away.
4	Dave's Dog House has one of the best grilled cheese sandwiches I've ever had out. If I'm going to be paying someone else to make a grilled cheese (something I consider extremely basic) for me, I expect it to be good, and Dave's certainly is that! It's my favorite place to snag some junk food on the Tempe campus.
3	I just stopped for a "wurst" and that's what I had. Plain and simple. Maybe I'm spoiled by Ted's... but this was just ok to calm the noon pangs. Being inside ASU campus, there are not many offers, so this is good for a change from what's available at MU.
2	I tried the chicken sliders, which are supposed to come with chicken, marinara sauce, and mozzarella cheese. Unfortunately, I was informed well after ordering and paying that there was no marinara sauce (the ole' bait and switch), so I was forced into having BBQ sauce instead. Nevertheless, the food was pretty good and had a nice grilled flavor. A nice touch was that the bun was grilled and the cheese was nice and melted. The cashiers are very friendly and nice. There are a ton of people working the grill, yet the output seems very slow. All vistors pay and get a number up front, then wait 5-10 minutes for their food. Considering that this is basically a stationary food truck, I would expect numbers being shouted and food flying out the door fast and hectic, rather than piles of customers standing around waiting for their orders to roll out one by one every few minutes. The prices are outrageous for what you get. It is reminiscent of a sports stadium or airport approach. The shop is knowingly overcharging, just because it has an audience due to its location right in the middle of a college campus. Although the food was reasonably good, the long wait, bait and switch, and high prices make me doubtful that I will return. There are too many better lunch options in the area.
5	Some of the best hotdogs I' ve ever had!   The buns are heated on the griddle and come out buttery and crispy.  The hotdogs themselves are toasty on the outside and a whole lot of divine goodness on the inside.  My only complaint is that it takes a while to get your order, since the store is always packed.  Actually I would also like to see some indoor seating as well, but I doubt that it is possible due to the facilities. Bun:5Hotdog: 5Timeliess: 3Facilities: 3
5	i'm no hot dog expert so bear with me.i liked the boston & chili dog.  the meat was good & tasty.  the bun was grilled and buttered which also was goo.  the fries were better than average.i love the free refills.  the place is small but clean.  the have a tv with sports on all the time.i still need to try the doggie style fries, reuben, mac & cheese and onion rings.the only time we go to this place is during the summer when not very students are on campus.
4	I used to be a slave to this place when I was a student at ASU. I was bummed when they closed the location across ASU because I wanted to try the 1 pound hot dog challenge and win a t-shirt (not sure if they even have that anymore). When I found they were re-opening on campus I was stoked! I was a senior and ate there many times again. I knew I wouldn't be on campus anymore soon and had to take advantage. I was right, because I haven't returned since. I wish it were at a different location because campus parking is a female dog. The bread is like a piece of perfectly buttered and toasted goodness; and the hot dogs are SO good (HQ). I like to get the chili dogs or boston. The sliders are really good too. I like this place way better than Ted's, hands down. I need to make another stop here and reminice my college years! OPEN ANOTHER LOCATION!
4	Break out the antiacids - well worth the splurge of calories and disaster it will wreck on your tummy and diet. I don't think you can make a bad choice off the menu - they have mac and cheese on a hot dog for Pete's Sake! The bun - ah yes, the bun, smothered in butter then grilled. (Vegan's faint!) The perfect hang over food - sits on ASU campus off Forest Mall on the western side of Hayden Library. Even Dr. Crow loves it, so the rumor goes. You will definitely want a nap, Tums or lettuce after this, but it's sooooo worth it.
5	Before I went to Dave's Doghouse I was the kind of person who stuck my nose up at hot dogs. To me it was just backyard grilling food not worthy to pay a premium for. Then I finally went to Dave's. The hot dogs are down right delicious and the options are extraordinary. The thing that really brings these little guys together is that delicious roll that the dogs are put in. This place is probably my favorite place to eat on campus and I recommend it to everyone. Especially try the Barbecue Dog and the Mac 'n Cheese dog.
5	I remember when this place was located on University but dont remember ever stopping in. If I had known what I was missing, I wouldve been there everyday!Dave's is located on ASUs campus, south (about 4 blocks) of the Forest and University intersection. This is a very small place w/ limited seating. Luckily, this is a college campus so there is seating everywhere outside. Theyre open til 10 M-T and close at 7 on Fridays. They also deliver, though their delivery area isnt noted on their website.Now for the good stuff: the dogs. I had perused the menu online before hand and man do they have some good stuff. My husband opted for the Mac & Chez dog (a campus fave). It cames covered in (what tasted like) Kraft mac and cheese and real bacon. He *throughly* enjoyed it. I believe his exact words were "This is the picture of culinary perfection". It did look ridiculous.I opted for the Boston dog (mustard, onions, and relish). When it came I realized I had ordered wrong. I had been salivating over the pics of their Beantown dog (baked beans, mustard, and onions) online and mustve been flustered after my bad day. The lady who brought out my dog was a doll. She brought me a side of baked beans to put on my dog AND a sample of their chili. Made. My. Day. It was so delicious and messy, I want to go back right now! Their chili is awesome. Next time we go I need to remember to order a side of it. The actual dog was the perfect size and had just the right amount of snap.And Dave's has THE best hot dog buns. Theyre New England style hot dog rolls (they look like a flatter version of a loaf of bread),  my fave! These really are the best rolls. Theyre easily toasted and hold the monsterous amount of toppings so so well. Not to mention theyre delicious.If you have some time whil in Tempe, park on Univ. and Forest and verture on down to Dave's.Be warned though, since their locations are exclusive to ASUs campus theyre closed during breaks and most of the summer. We found out the hard way so you dont have to! I grew up w/ these rolls.
5	Best dogs bar none.  It doesn't get better than this.  Worth the trip
4	As far as on campus grub goes this place is top class. The Boston Dog is a classic here; in my opinion it's their best menu item. The reason I'm so high on this place is that for an on campus establishment it's actually reasonably priced paired with quality food. They are definitely known for their hot dogs but they do have other items (the sliders are good) and are now serving breakfast (haven't tried it yet). If you're ever on campus and looking for a spot to eat, I would recommend Dave's anytime.
4	Very convenient hot dog place on campus very get hotdogs chili dogs excellent the German dog is also excellent they have very bomb Frank and beans as well as side dishes such as chili cheese fries and the environment is great.  Also since most of the people who work there are affiliated with Arizona State University they are very nice and their service is above par.
4	Love the Boston and Chili Dogs. What makes their hot dogs unique is their bread--crispy and not cheap-feeling, like generic buns. The chili cheese fries are also yummy and if you order fries, a dog, and a drink, you can get one punch on their punch card. Just another great way for college students to save money. Super convenient campus location and what's great is the queue never really fills up and there's plenty of tables outside (unlike the Chick-fil-a in the MU which gets too packed).
5	This review is long over due. I remember when Dave's Dog House was a little off campus by Barney's boathouse. Then getting Dave's from their cart after long drunken nights on Mill and ASU Football games, which I don't really remember too well. Now being on Campus, they have found the perfect spot. The go to is the Boston Dog. I get mine with ketchup instead of mustard, just because of an incident a few years ago with Mustard, I will spare you the details. Try their specials they have rotating and get some tots while you're at it. This place has been and will always be one of my favorite places to eat at ASU.
4	Went here all the time when I went to asu. Good hotdogs just a bit expensive hut that's to be expected.
1	I wanted to enjoy a Chili Dog from Daves last Saturday, so I drove there from my place in North Central Phoenix, they were closed no sign on the door or windows with hours. I then got home and checked on line and found they were only open Mon-Friday 10am to 12am (midnight) so I decide to drive there again on Wednesday for lunch as I entered the freeway decided to call to make sure they were open, NO ANSWER from Wednesday noon until Friday I tried at 11am, 12 noon, 2pm 4 pm 6pm. WHAT HAPPENED TO THEM, on Saturday they looked like they were doing business.
5	Dave's dog house is amazing! Great places to go for lunch, not only is the good amazing, but it's on campus and makes you want to be back in college. I'd recommend the Mac n cheese dog with bacon, delicious!Also, if it's your first check in they give you a boston dog for free!
3	Pretty good hot dogs. I've been here a few times and the boston dog has a bit of a sweet and savory taste to it. The mac n cheese in the mac n cheese dog is very bland tasing though, I ended up scooping it off of my hot dog. The prices are pretty high too. The bread is definitely the best thing here.They've also been closed at random times when they should've been open too... Out of the ten times I've tried to go here in the last month or so they were only open three times for some reason...
2	They mistreat employees, and have a horrible handle on the business. Sure you serve a great hot dog, but that doesn't mean you can just abuse and take advantage of your workers. You'll never have my business again, or that of my friends and family.
4	Oh em gee...someone just dumped mac and cheese and BACON on top of one of my already favorite things to eat - a hot dog. This place is the most for a quick, simple bite. I will admit, I was defeated.I got about 5/7 into this beast and could go no further. Challenge accepted. Soooo. very. good.
4	This place is the beeez neeeez. The dogs are addicting. They dunk the buns in butter and grill them up, which adds a great flavor/texture on ma palate. The only gripe i have is that each dog is gonna be around 4-5 doll hairs. It's not a huge issue, but as a poor college student, 5 dolla make you holla for one dog can be murderous to the wallet. The fact that one hot dog is not enough, will force you to go back to spend more. I've been doing this on the daily and now i'm broke as a bloke. Gonna get back on it when the loans come in.
