5	I have gone to Sandi Graves with Az Family Hypnosis for weight loss and confidence building.  I have found that through her expertise and support I can change myself for the better.  I have improved my work performance, my personal performance and have a greater understanding of my body.  She has given me the tools to continue to improve all aspects of my life.  Sandi is inspirational and a great motivator for positive change.  I can not say enough about how happy I am with her hypnosis and plan to continue to see for years to come.
1	The only problem with Yelp is you can't give something zero stars.When you walk into Arizona Family Hypnosis you're told that they are very successfull in weight loss.  They even tell you that they have a 100% success rate with 3 lb a week as being typical.  Don't know where the 100% success rate of 3 lb per week came from, but that's not my experience.  3 pounds represents about 12,000 calories.  Either you reduce your intake by about 1700 a day (you're only supposed to consume 2,000 to 2,500 a day) or run/walk an extra 10 miles a day, or IT WON'T WORK!What you're dealing with is paying $425 to be put into a relaxed state and have someone talk you through a visualization loosing weight.  Problem is, she uses some of what she learns about you in the interview and incorporates the terms in the visualization exercise.  The difficulty is that if what you do is more complicated than breathing she'll mangle her interpretation of your life, jarring you awake.You're then given a CD with 3 1/2-hour "sessions" that you're supposed to listen to every chance you get; which is OK except I don't no of anyone how lives in such an isolated environment to get 1/2 hour to just totally loose themselves in the recording.  By the way, the recording will have grammatical errors, so when listening be prepared to be jolted out of your "state of relaxation" periodically.  Also, the recordings have a minute or so of advertising and disclaimers in the beginning.So it's basically a faith-based system.  If your sincere enough to starve yourself, then the slight nudge that Arizona Family Hypnosis gives you will send you over the edge.  If you're not gullible it won't work.  It's not a magic bullet.  Save your money and just stop eating for a while.  There will be successes, but blind pigs get an occasional acorn as well.Oh, and the guarantee?  There isn't one.  After your 4 sessions you're shown the door.  I was weighed once when I first started and she wasn't even interested in checking my weight when I was finished. She took my money and showed me the door.  Trust me, I will not be on her records of success.Let me reiterate; IT DOESN'T WORK!!!
5	I've been hypnotized by Sandi many times, both live and recorded, and also attended several classes she's taught. I recently went through her new GastroBand Hypnosis(tm) class. My experiences with her have always been exceptionally good.Sandi is an outstanding hypnotist, a great teacher, and she's very good at using NLP techniques (neurolinguistic programming - a type of hypnosis that uses things like unusual language patterns and many other things) to make her hypnosis sessions, her hypnosis recordings, and her classes as effective as they can be.If you do even a little research into hypnosis, you'll find that it's not a "magic pill" that can force anyone to completely change their lives. If you don't want to make a change, hypnosis can't force you to make that change. But if you DO want to make a change, hypnosis can make it much easier for you to do whatever you need to do to change. The only requirements for you to be hypnotized and make powerful changes are that you want to make those changes and that you're willing and able to follow simple directions.The GastroBand Hypnosis weight loss system is working very well for me in the week since I started it. I feel full after only eating a small amount. If I try to eat more, I soon feel overstuffed. It makes eating less food incredibly easy. I cut out 1/2 hour of TV and listen to Sandi's reinforcement CD before bed. It hypnotizes me and strengthens the weight loss hypnotherapy I got in my first live session with Sandi. As a bonus, it relaxes me and makes it very easy to go to sleep.Sandi gets my highest recommendation as a professional and effective hypnotherapist and teacher.
