2	With a stereotypical name like 'Auld Jocks', I didnt hold high hopes for this odd little pie shop (or shoppe) at all.Offering a huge range of things to eat, including scottish delicacies as Haggis 3 different ways (in a pie, with chips, or with neeps and tatties) you cannot complain that there wont be anything you fancy to eat.Unfortunatly, the prices are rather high and the food rather dissapointing - lacking in taste and just a bit boring really. However, this place was full - with people coming in to order food all the time, much to the credit of the one member of staff who I could see working her socks off. Maybe then its just me, and I have missed the point of Auld Jocks Pie Shoppe - but I wasnt taken by this place.
4	Despite the comical name, Auld Jock had his work cut out from day one, as he's located just five minutes from Piemaker, perhaps the greatest place on Earth.Jock puts up a bit of a fight admittedly, with decent pies and pastries, but the quality just isn't quite there, and it's a little bit steeply priced, considering Piemaker will do you a sausage roll for just 55p.They have struck gold in one sense though, by doing delicious Mackie's ice-cream cones. I've found getting a decent ice-cream surprisingly difficult in this neck of the woods, so must give Auld Jock credit where credits due.
4	Reasonable prices, food good,  good selection for  such a small place.Definitely recommended.
3	I'd genuinely never spotted this place, despite walking past it thousands of times, until quite recently. It's just a wee place, with seating for maybe a dozen people. It's aimed squarely at the tourist market, but this is Edinburgh and tourism is rather important to our economy, so that's no bad thing, in itself. The mash was defintely better than the pie, a haggis filled one, that I tried. Not a place I'll be rushing back, but if you have a longing for pie stodge, you could do worse that pop in here.Overall, we said: "the mash at Auld Jock's was the standout item. The rest of the experience wasn't quite so highlight packed. The place is quite tourist trappy, and for the quality on offer, it is a little pricey. I'm glad I acted upon my curiosity, after finally spotting this place, but I'm not sure I was rewarded richly enough to consider a repeat visit."
