2	The salesgirl was friendly, if confused/baffled by my request for double-sided tape or bonding adhesive However, my issue has more to do with the store. The labels for the aisles don't match the items that can be found in said aisle (namely eyelashes). That, in and of itself, is annoying. When you only have a few minutes to run into a store that is 5' x 5' (slight exaggeration), you would think things would be easier to locate.
5	I go to the Sallys on Scottsdale road and in Mesa often and have never really had any complaints. When I came to this location I was with my mother looking for a product to tame my younger brothers wild jewfro. The other Sallys stores suggested multiple products and none of them worked. We were getting kind of desperate and now our bathroom is full of "ethnic-grade" taming product meant for african american hair that didn't work. The salesgirl here was very helpful and gave us a product that she said worked on her boyfriends jewfro. She explained to us why the african products we bought werent working and then told us that if for any reason the one she suggested didn't work we could bring it back. The other Sallys stores have always told us that there is a no return policy on opened product. We were so thankful!The best part was that the product DID actually work on his hair!The store is the same size and carries the same products as any other Sallys but I'll forever hold this one dear in my heart for the return policy and helpfulness of the salespeople.
5	My experience at Sally Beauty Supply exceeded my expectations.  Unlike other locations I've visited this store was organized and well-stocked.  I was greeted promptly and all of my questions were answered.  The sales associate was extremely helpful; she had extensive knowledge of the products I was inquiring about as well as the attributes of each brand.  Plus, the product that I chose was a reasonable price and satisfied my beauty needs.  I'll be back for all of my specific beauty needs!
5	I was referred to Sally's for an Andis model beard trimmer. From what I know, this is one of the few stores that sell's these high-end barber style trimmers. I actually returned a model for a wider blade with no hassle. I found the workers to be really easy going and understandable. I'm not sure about their other products but if you're familiar with the Andis brand and their high-end products, this is the place to go.
4	I usually go to the Sally's on Bell and Tatum, but ended up here with a friend. It was pretty busy for a Sally's (at least the location I'm used to). I only saw one employee who was checking people out, but she was quick and still had a great attitude, but not able to help my friend with her hair extension questions for awhile. However, when she was available she was super nice and seemed very knowledgeable, although I know jack-squat about hair extensions so I'm assuming she was knowledgeable. All in all, the service, when available, made this location nice. The store itself was a little smaller than the one I frequent and it seemed a little more sloppy, but hey, easy fix...hire another employee!!!!!
5	I didn't buy anything this time, but it is a great place to stock up on nail files and all things grooming.  Friendly sales staff and neat stuff to look at.
5	I go to this Sally Beauty Supply all the time.  As a freelance makeup artist, nothing beats Sally's for affordability and quality.  I love their discount card, which is super easy to get.  This location in particular is very good.  Two of the times I went there, the same cashier was working (didn't catch her name) and she was very helpful.  Usually, I like to browse on my own, but I must admit it was nice having someone who knew exactly where everything was, walked me to it, picked it up and put it in my hands, especially since I was in a hurry.  Sometimes they don't have what I'm looking for, but I don't really blame them because when I'm doing a photo shoot, my needs are very, very specific.  Most of the time, they have products that I need, and even some that I didn't think I would.  There is a closer one to my house, but I will go out of my way to drive to this one because of the service.
