5	Raack N Roll is a topless (Adults Only) Comedy show that is located in the showroom on the second level of The D Las Vegas Hotel & Casino (Downtown on Fremont Street).There are 5 girls and 1 comedian in the show that ran about 80 minutes with 75% of the time based around sexy girls and 25% on the comedian/host Robert Nash.  Robert is an impressionist comedian. The costumes are skimpy of course, but well put together.  Expect to see dancing cowgirls, naughty nurses, barely-there bondage outfits, and schoolgirls in short skirts.  I was impressed with the choreography of the performers, they made the show very enjoyable.  This was not just a bunch of ladies bouncing around topless, the acts were well put together and orchestrated.   My favorite acts was the slot machine that hits the jackpot with a nice set of "winning" boobies!  A nice Vegas twist.   Or perhaps my favorite was the bath scene . .  real water on what gave the impression to be a fully nude entertainer had every man in the place staring. Music: Alice Cooper, Metalica, Alice in Chains, Shinedown, The Beatles, Papa Roach, Led Zeppelin, Korn, and AC/DC.Show Days: Thursday - MondayShow Time: 10:30pmTickets: Ticket $43.95, $54.95, $76.66 +tax & fee*Locals get buy one get one free tickets**House Seats has this show a lot if you want a good free show to check out
3	One of the benefits of living in Las Vegas is the large amount of talent and opportunity to see shows.  Raack N Roll is a newer topless revue that moved from Hooters to the D.  The show is opened by Robert Nash, a look and sound alike for Robert De Niro.   He provides some comedy relief, and quiet, throughout the show.  He's quite good at what he does.  As with all impersonators, he's much better with some than others.  Of course he does De Niro well.  His Marlon Brando is a little off but funny nonetheless.Now to the reason why I came to the show.  This is a topless revue and it's well done.  The ladies are quite attractive and their dancing is pretty good.  The big problem with the show is the venue.  The D has spent a lot of money renovating the property since they purchased it.  The showroom has a new entrance, but the room itself remains pretty much unchanged.  That means there's a low stage, perhaps 2 feet raised from the floor.  When the ladies are doing some moves that have them low on the stage, it's difficult to see what they're doing.  If you really want to see them without anyone in your way, get there early and hope for front seats.The music is loud--too loud, I think--basically hard rock.  Of course, I'm not the demographic to which they're appealing. The younger folks in the audience last night seemed to be moving with the beat.A couple of my favorite scenes--the woman on the swing to "Feelin' Good", the mini-bondage scene, and of course the classroom scene where an audience member--male--gets to join in the "fun" at school.A few changes to the show and a higher stage would earn this revue one more star.
2	I wish I could divide my rating into two parts - one for the girls and the second for the comedian-host.  The girls deserve a solid four stars.  The show compares very well with X-Burlesque (the flagship show from the same producers).  However, X is still a superior production on many levels.  However, the comic/host Robert Nash is horrible.  It is if he's turned his natural resemblance to Robert De Niro into being an entertainer.  Some of his impressions are excellent, but his patter is directly from the movie character/stars he's imitating.  His jokes were stale.  The crowd tried to give him the benefit of the doubt with polite chuckles, but he was bad.  As for the girls, they are excellent and skilled dancers and represented many body types among the small cast.  The venue is intimate at the D, but it is missing some infrastructure to improve the audience experience.  The stage is barely elevated and thus any of the floor work by the dancers went unseen to the audience beyond the first row.  Also, the low ceiling height of the stage prevented pole work or other acrobatic stunts used in X-Burlesque.  There were a couple of dances that did include  more physical routines.  Because of the dancers' solid effort, I really hate giving the show two stars, but it needs to work reach the level of X-Burlesque, beginning with an improved venue and  a funnier host/comedian.
4	I went here using half price tickets, but because apparently everyone charges a 'service' charge it was probably more like 35% off. I did pay the few extra bucks for premium seats which was OK -- its a small showroom anyway, I was seated in the second row. My performance had 4 girls that were basically topless the entire hour of the show -- with a nice 'variety' for their assets. There was also one male comedian who based on earlier reviews I thought was going to be terrible. He wasn't great, but he really wasn't as bad as people make him out to be. As he even fessed up during his puppet routine, he's no Terry Fator, and at one point he dances to Fatboy Slim, so I give him a break. I do wish his long set was probably broken into two separate sets. Overall downtown Vegas has a more seedy edge than the rest of Vegas and this show fits just fine into the vibe. It's basically just topless girls dancing the whole time (except for the comedian's time), so you get all the nudity you can expect. The showroom does have the problem listed; the stage isn't high enough but the chairs in the audience are spread out so you can probably peek your head around the people in front of you if necessary.
1	Well, there was good music. I'll give it that. Let's start with the theater. The way it's designed, with the stage about 18" below the front row of tables, if you're not in the very front row, the show consists of the back of the heads of the people in front of you. Since they spend about 3/4 of the show rolling around on the floor, it was more like listening to old rock and roll in a dark room. Not that it mattered. Those few times that my view wasn't obstructed, it was of three women who would need implants to get up to an A cup, and one who HAD the implants, but they were clearly implanted with concrete. The comedian was just awful. If I had paid for the tickets, I'd have been extremely upset. As it was, I was just bored.
5	The show was fun. I have one complaint and it's an important one. The seating. It's awful jus awful. The girls were fantastic! I'd have to say I didn't think I would see a classically trained dancer on her toes at this show doin some phenomenal tricks. I was very impressed. I loved the classroom skit where they brought a guy up and he got harassed while the rest of us enjoyed in his embarrassment. The production off the show was ok but I'm sure they did the best w what they were given in a awful theatre like that. But the skill of the dancers is what made it more than just a topless show for me.
1	Worse show i ever watched in Vegas, place is LOUD, really loud it hurt your ears, sound like skrillex messing with a blender next to your ears.  they are like a budge theater, they let guests use recycled chairs from the 80s, dirty table, everything is a gross the whole theater is level so if you sit in the back you will not be able to see anything.  for $50 per person is a rip off, the TV screen show nothing but computer screen saver, the shows are boring, the girls aren't even into it.save your money and watch youtube at home for free
4	Fun Show with a Small Stage you puts you close to the action. The Girls have fun and the Comedian is great.  His impersonations where spot on beginning to end :) - I got tickets to the Show from a friend and was entertained Beginning to End:)
3	its was a small  place girls got up close with you they promise pictures with the girls if you get vip passes well no picture nobody around to ask
