3	I only had the pizza.  The toppings were quality but it's that cracker like crust with no chewy texture.
5	Everything was excellent! Great food great service! Great location.
5	Excellent service!  The food is fresh and simple - real comfort food!  So far we have tried the shrimp alfredo and chicken parm. as well as bruschetta for an appetizer (headed out to try one of their risottos tonight!)  On our first visit we had just finished thoroughly enjoying the bruschetta when the waiter appeared with a complimentary second plate of it because he thought the first serving "looked too skinny.". We sure didn't feel that way but weren't about to turn away more!  As we waited for our food we were entertained by their engaging singer/pianist who performed in English and Italian.  Everyone around was smiling and clearly having a good time. I am so thrilled to find a new restaurant that has a real locals appeal. Roma Garden makes you feel like family!
1	It was a bad experience. Too bad you can not rate the service, food and ambiance differently. Friday May 25th, I purchased a $25.00 restaurant.com gift card for Roma Garden, the conditions did not specify a black out day.  they did stipulate we spend a minimum of $47.50. We decided to use it that night.  We arrived and were seated by a nicely dressed hostess.  There was live music playing - ambiance rating 4 star.  A cute old Italian man singing and playing piano.  It was entertaining for my 4 year old.Our server was a pleasant young blond.  She wasn't very informative, though.  Prior to ordering our drinks I presented her with our gift card and was told "No problem, no problem."There was an older man server who was offering his tables free appetizers and desserts.  We didn't even get the 'complimentary bread'.We ordered based on the $47.50, surely my 4 yr old didn't need an entire portion of spaghetti and meatballs (they do not have a child's portion).My husband and kiddo each had the spaghetti and meatballs.  I opted for the spinach cheese ravioli (which tasted like the frozen ravioli from costco).  Food I would rate 3 stars.I saved room for Creme brulee (my favorite), we ordered dessert even though other tables were receiving it for free.  The creme brulee was served ICE cold! as if it had all including the bruleed crust had been prepared ahead of time.  The creme tasted like a pudding rather than a rich custard.Finally time to pay our bill.  The owner approached our table and informed us that they WOULD NOT BE HONORING restaurant.com gift card as it was their grand opening.I politely explained to her I presented this gift card prior to even ordering drinks and that we left it on the table throughout our meal and never once had anyone told us it wouldn't be honored AND I would have ordered differently, not spending $49.50 had I known they weren't going to honor their gift card!!! We politely paid the tab and left.    I WILL NOT! EVER! GO! BACK! THERE!(i am instead going to see if restaurant.com will allow me to switch for another restaurant.) a note to the owners:  do not offer gift cards and promotions if you have no intent to honor them.  I feel like we were given the bait and switch.
5	Wonderful food, service and abiance!  Have tried many Italian restaurants in LV, but for the price, this is truly the best!  Can't wait to go back!
3	A nice addition to the neighborhood! Clean and bright. A good bar, with many wine and beer selections. Attentive service. Wood fire pizza, pasta, and salads.
2	First few times we went there it was great!  I even gave them an excellent rating, but now the business has dwindled.  Pizza was absolutely horrible...no flavor, bland, and you needed eye glasses to see the toppings!  Salad had mushy lettuce in it and the dressing was almost all vinegar.  What a shame.  Hope they "beef" up their food or they aren't going to last.
5	This place was great!!! Live in Vegas 13 years straight from Long Island and by far the best Italian food I have ever had at a great price! Check was $125 with 4 entrees 4 cocktails 2 appetizers and 4 dessert! I cant tell u how much I want people to try it just so I know it will be a place that will succeed! Erica was our very knowledgable and personable server! Gonna go back for there Godfather Night, they play the movie with a 6 course meal for $30 a person! By the way we used restaraunt.com gift with nooooo problem at all!!!
5	This place is AMAZING, I am from Italy originally, and this is the closest to home you can get!! The nicest friendliest staff, and the best Italian food in town.I go there weekly it is so good, and have no intentions of stopping.YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!!!!
5	Every time I go to visit my attorneys nearby I stop into this place. Pizza in this town is hit and miss. I really avoid the Pizza Huts, Domino's, etc., so when I find I good pizza place, I want the world to know. The pizzas are artisan wood-fired style and they are superb. Very authentic and tasty. The crust is thin with just the right amount of dough. They aren't very big but two people can share one for lunch.
1	Having read a positive review of the food in a local periodical, we were looking forward to dining there last night and would use a restaurant.com certificate for $25. Upon entering we were greeted not only by the cordial host, but also by a stench indicative of a chronic sewer problem.  There were none of the usual Italian cooking aromas emanating from the kitchen, nor of pizza being baked in the advertised wood-fired oven.  We presented our certificate and were told that they had "stopped" these certificates a month ago and would not honor it. The restaurant showed all the signs of a business in imminent failure: lack of customers, starkness of the room, no sign of the nightly music.  In view of the negative ambiance in general and the appetite killing smell in specific, we did not stay to try their non-discounted food. I called restaurant.com today, and was told that they were still offering the $15 certificate, and should have honored the $25 I bought earlier.  I'm tempted to purchase the $15, try to use it tomorrow and find out how much of a scam this is. But then I think of that smell that wasn't food.  By the way restaurant.com gave me replacement credit, plus another $10.
4	Really good food, really nice people, very large menu....so far all good.  Need a little more atmosphere like window coverings and candles but don't let that stop you. The best part is NO loud music!  You can actually talk to each other without yelling.  Yippee.
5	So very very good!
