3	This has to be brand new because I hadn't seen it when I was at the Indian restaurant last.Hubby's eyes lit up and I immediately knew that look, "Oh...someone may have sold some camera equipment!" I didn't want to wander around a pawn store after having dinner, but I figured, "Why not?"They've got practically everything you could want as long as it wasn't food. I saw a couple of HDTVs, but they were from early 2000...but they still looked good.It's not as large as some other pawn shops and the jewelry selection wasn't that great. I tend to usually go to pawn stores and look at the gemstones in jewelry.The shop itself was clean and brand new. Guys who worked there were friendly and courteous.Not sure how they are on deals if you need to pawn stuff, though.Check it out - you may end up buying something instead!
1	I went into this store several years ago when it first opened and remembered it being okay.  So when I decided to sell a wedding/engagement ring set, I thought I would come here first for a quote.  When I walked in, I noticed they have completely remodeled it and it looks something between a check cashing store, a jewelry store, and a goodwill.  An older man who was walking behind one of the booths saw me and decided it wouldn't be too much of a bother to help me.  (basically he seemed totally put out).  I had a box and some international money as well in my hand.  The first thing he says is "We don't do money here".  So I was immediately put off and said I'd go ahead and leave.  He kind of backtracked and stumbled on his words and told me he'd look at what I had. (Which is a 1ct solitaire diamond ring and 2 14k bands)  So reluctantly I gave them to him to look at.  After some kind of joke method, he said he'd offer me $200 for all 3!! $200!!!! I asked him why he thought that was reasonable and that the diamond alone is worth 10 times that.  He said he didn't include the diamond (whatever that means, what the hell did he think I was there for?) and that there is a more complicated process for that, but I could expect a "little" increase in value.  A little?? I then pulled out an appraisal for the diamond alone from 1991 stating a value of $2400 and told him to have a terrible day.  Oh and this guy's tag said something like "Store Manager in Training!!"So basically, if you want to get a joke of an offer (JOKE!!) and/or totally ripped off and robbed....this is your place.  Meanwhile, I'll search for a more reputable dealer.
1	Rude and awful! The lady seemed as if she was talking down to us because we were trying to sell something. Not everybody is trying to sell something you think is stolen! Won't be going back and telling how the store was empty I'm sure I'm not the only one who thinks so too.
