4	Ambiance: Nondescript exterior; interior minimalistically but tastefully done in traditional Korean wood panel look. Music is wonderfully discrete jazz.Service: Competent, reserved.Price:  $10 and upFood: Selection of Korean staples. The Bulgogi was tremendous as is the seafood pancake. The Kimchi is fresh and ample.Summary:  The food is meant to be hearty authentic Korean fare without airs, it accomplishes this with ease. The dining experience is modest, but also relaxed and enjoyable. The restaurant is often very full so reservations are a must.
5	Great cozy restaurant! Great food! Try the seafood crepe!
4	Cozy, good service, good food kept warm in clay bowls or iron plates.
3	Prices raised by 30%. What was a solidly priced small restaurant, has joined the ranks of Montreal's legion of over-priced modest establishments. Only to be topped by Montreal's long list of $40 for two, bacon and eggs and filter coffee breakfast rip offs ...
4	After long realizing that I haven't yet to experience Korean in Montreal,my friend's Korean craving became a friday night dinner for 2 but ordering for 6. hahaAs a suggestion to us from a couple of people here, we checked out this little NDG establishment (when I say little we're talking like one tiny restaurant). I had just awoken from an 18 hour nap (I've been in an anemic tiredness that I can't seem to shake) so this was my breakfast.  We arrived to a line-up of about 10 people ahead of us, Personally this just peaked my interest even more!It took about half an hour to seat us, and during that time, we just observed everyone's orders and took in the delicious smells. Th restaurant seats about 30 people total, with 3 two seaters and 6 four seaters, by the time we did sit down, we were starving! To my disappointment, they don't serve tea in the summertime, which seemed odd, but I made do with cold water.We ordered: Dumplings, Seafood Pajeon (a pancake with seafood and veggies), spicy BBQ chicken, and Bibimbap (rice beef veggies, tofu, egg in a super hot stone bowl).  Going into this we knew we weren't going to finish it, but we decided that leftovers were a must. The meal comes with the complimentary side dishes:Sookju Namul - marinated bean sprouts (cold)Oijangajji muchim - pickled cucumbersGamja Jorim - Korean potato saladDongchimi - Kim Chi RadishKim Chi - CabbageAll delish!  The dumplings were super meaty, and although I've had better dumplings these were good. Not oversteamed, or dry. The Pajeon was excellent, the squid was tender not chewy, and it was very dense. The Bibimbap, was really flavourful and tasty, but I did want the rice to be able to really crisp up on the side of the stone bowl, which didnt happen. The BBQ chicken, was oerfect amount of spicy, and also went awesome with the white rice. The total for our meal (no beverages) was $61 and we had enough to last another meal and a half each. Overall pleased with my first foray into Korean here in Montreal!
5	We love this resto! its small & cozy!! the prices used to be better.. but now got a bit pricier! well all restos have no choice but to raise their prices b/c it costs a lot more for them to buy their products!!! but the food is 1 of the best in Mtl!!!  It is definitely worth it! Try the seafood pancake!! its thick.. completely different from the other korean restos!! we always order that & the bibimbop!! btw.. there's usually a line up.. more difficult if you are a big group!!
5	I swear by Korean cold noodles when the temperature rises over a pit-drenching 30 degrees not including humidity. When my style is crapped and am unable to ride with the windows down and the sunroof open, then it's way too hot. Ask for the spicy mustard sauce; it's a mix of dijon and vinegar that adds a completely different level of awesomeness to this cold noodle dish. That sauce is usually used for another cold soup noodle dish, but it works with this one as well.If you noticed, Korean cuisine is all about textures in bite and complimenting and contrasting flavors. Some people might be apprehensive of such a party-pack of flavors, but you'll just have to try. If you're courageous, then take a dive off the deep end and challenge your comfort zone and try something new. You never know, you might like it... Unlike my nephew who only eats chicken nuggets, french fries and my mom's egg fried rice.
5	I'm a big fan of this place. The biggest drawback is that they don't open until 6pm most days and we have a three year old, so coming here is a guaranteed late bedtime for our daughter. As far as I can tell, it's the best Korean food I've had in Montreal. I've had better in Toronto, but this place is still great. Seafood pancake is the guaranteed win of the night.
4	PROS:1. Food is AUTHENTIC KOREAN, Hallelujah!!! O:-) Everything ordered was delicious and served in a Korean manner. They serve side dishes.2. Decor is very cute, homey and warm. CONS:1. Service is shaky. Wait time was long and we werent served water at the beginning. OVERALL:-Finally found a Montreal Korean resto i would recommend without hesitation. Go!Ps theyre closed sundays and mondays i believe...
4	Had dinner here tonight with my brother and ordered the Gimbap and Bibimbap!  Nothing is nicer on a cold winter evening than a nice hot stone pot Bibimbap! In the summer it's good but in the winter it's even better!  We came by and tried here because our other Korean favourite was closed on Tuesdays.  Portions are a bit smaller here but really how much food do you need to eat?  How fat do you want to get?  Portions were big enough to satisfy and leave with a full stomach. The meal came with your regular assortment of Banchan, but again quantities were a bit smaller!  In the front entrance they proudly display all of their restaurant reviews that date back to 2005 and earlier.  Price wise a bit more but quality is there!
5	Our favourite Korean restaurant! Everything is so tasty and worth every penny. A must for any foodie!
4	After seaching for so long for good and authentic Korean food, this is the place!Small and cute restaurant!Food was excellent! (kim chi, gyoza, beef strip and bibimbap)Service was good! ( a bit slow but reasonable)Very busy restaurant (in&out constant)Price = $$**Need to bring booster for kids
3	I really don't even want to give it 3 stars. We came in at 7:47 PM last night and there was a party of two ahead of us and then us, also a party of two. We waited literally 25 minutes in the narrow doorway and literally nobody ever spoke to us.  It was super crowded mind you, but it wasn't until I walked all the way in that noticed there was two empty two seat tables....So everyone finally gets to sit. It wasn't until we had literally been in the restaurant for over an hour that we finally got to order and another 40 minutes before we would eat. My partner got the spicy noodle soup that she swears vehemently taste just like a certain brand of Japanese instant soup she likes.  I got the beef & rice in a clay pot. Having lived in a very Korean part of China (Dalian) most of my adulthood I was super disappointed.  It was bland, no real flavor past the egg and there was nothing spicy about the sauce. I was super disappointed especially given the fact that I waited under the impression that it worth the wait...that was unfortunately not the caseAnd anyways... $40 for two people with no alcohols (or drinks of any kind!) or appetizers is a bit much!! We both ended up snacking by bed time :(
5	Price is super reasonable, the food is so yummy!We absolutely liked the spicy chicken dish, and the caviar rice bowl (bunch of veggies in there too, and I like veggies).Will love to come back on a regular basis if I have the time to.
4	Casual Saturday night eating out with friends.It's a small restaurant who do not take reservations so first arrived first served.Food was authentic.Service was long since we were a table of 6 (compared to 2/4 )It was recommended by our sister-in-law
5	Definitely my best Korean joint in town! a must go :)Jit Hoong Lim
4	Just tried once and I was seriously hungry, so I would love to try again.
5	This is one of my favourite Korean restaurant in Montreal! Their lunch special are delicious and fairly priced at 15$. Try their bulgogi, its so good!
