4	I plan on renting a huge hip hop limo for my sons 21st July 4th 2010.  After doing a few clubs and dinner in one for my friends 40th back in March it was really a great experience.  Maybe it was the music they played for us or maybe it was just the crowd we were with.  I definitely enjoyed the ride and the driver answered and serrviced us to the fullest.  It was like hanging out with one of the homies.
5	First of all for the moment that he arrived to the time he dropped us off (early morning), he was prompt, he was interactive, and he was spectacular. Two of my very good friends decided to have a vegas Weding rather than a traditional wedding. So 25 of our friends flew from chicago to Las Vegas to witness thier wedding and party like rockstars. Party like rock stars we did. Mammoth limo and our super cool driver, Scott helped us have the time of our lives. The MAMMOTH sized limo was clean, ran well, and plus he helped us in and out of the limo. He drove us point to point with ease and efficiency. We also hired a photographer to capture our moments and the phographer had these sites where he directed Scott to take the group. It was magical. They worked like a team and taming a group of 25 people is a hard thing to do. He dropped us off at Tao Nightclub and we basically shut that place down. BUT HEY! we are in Vegas, we weren't quite ready to say goodnight. We asked Scott if he knew of any cool after hours spots. He gave us some reccomedations. We went to this awesome place that he suggested. It was a perfect place to end this magical night. There was no way our group would have stayed together that long without Mammoth limo services.  Scotts excellent customer service that night was on point!A million thank yous. A million memories. Good bye for now vegas. Back to reality.
5	Mammoth Transportation helped make our Vegas wedding extra special. We rented "Tiny" to transport our wedding group of about 25 people to the chapel, locations around the strip for photos and then to nightclubs for us to celebrate. "Tiny" was definitely not tiny by any means; our group was very comfortable in the spacious limo. It was clean and had a great sound system. We were able to bring our own alcohol, and cups and ice were provided. Our driver, Scott, did an excellent job. He was friendly, personable and professional. He went above and beyond what was required of him. He even helped hook us up with a deal for bottle service at one of the clubs. I highly recommend using Mammoth.
3	Hello,I recently  made a reservation with Mammoth for the F650.  The event has not yet taken place but so far there has been good communication.  After having difficulty booking with another limo company, Mammoth so far has done what they said they would do.  They emailed my reservation within 24 hours and it had all the correct details.  I will update this post upon completion of the event.  Would love to hear more feedback out there too from anyone else using Mammoth.  Stay tuned!
5	Hello!We had a great time with Mammoth Transportation.  Our driver arrived on time and was in great spirits.  The F650 was beautiful and clean and the music thumped hard!  I was even able to plug in my own iPod so we could here our music.  I fully recommend Mammoth Transportation for your next special event.
4	The vehicles are unbelievable and in case you didn't see their name, MAMMOTH!! No joke! I rented an F-650 Limo to pick my parents up from the airport & drop off at my home, I requested the most obnoxiously HUGE vehicle they had (even though there were only two of them).  They sure did.  They arrived on time, my parentals enjoyed their ride and everyone was happy :) Good stuff!
5	My husband is a car guy... so for his 40th birthday in Vegas, I wanted to be sure he was arriving in style for our night out. We had 14 people with so I went big... to start our evening, Clendon picked us up in an amazing F650 MONSTER of a limo... it was amazing.  Everyone with us had an awestruck expression and the birthday boy was speechless.  SUCCESS! Clendon was amazing... he texted us before hand to remind us where to meet, then stayed in touch as the pick up time arrived.  He took us to the Las Vegas Sign and was an expert about the right place to stand and how to take the pictures for perfectly "Fabulous" memories of our group at the landmark. On our way back from our dinner, we had Dominic driving a beautiful stretch "Hummerzine"  that too was wonderfully fun for our group.  He navigated some sticky traffic problems professionally and quickly, managing to somehow still get us to our 2nd destination on time, when it seemed all hope was lost.  The vehicles were spotless inside and out, the drivers were courteous, professional and knew how to get the party started.  The sound systems on board are amazing as well. Go with Mammoth!!! you will be a very happy customer... arriving in serious style!!   We will certainly be calling them again next time we're in Vegas!
