4	I recently switched health insurance companies to coverage under Health Plan of Nevada HMO plan which pretty much limits me to Southwest Medical Associates (SMA) clinics.  Hearing horror stories about the care received at the clinics around town about poor beside manner and long wait times, I was very apprehensive about my visit to Next Door Health.  I got there about 10 minutes before my appointment time and a medical assistant was out to greet me in about 5 minutes?  She was efficient and seemed to know what to do to get me prepped for the PA.In comes my PA Kim.  She was all smiles, warm and friendly - definitely not at all what I was expecting from SMA.  We discussed my problem and the most refreshing part was she educated me about what to expect with my treatment.  Usually at a doctor's visit, I get some medications written up and pretty much get thrown out the door after I have waited an hour+.Conclusion:  Great experience.  Will definitely come back for any future medical visits AND I'll be seeing Kim.  p.s.  They do physicals there, too.
4	Today was my second time taking my child to this SMA location. I initially had an appointment with her standard doctor this past Friday however, after waiting over an hour, we had to leave. I quickly remembered about the positive experience we had with this SMA a couple months prior and knew this is where we would go. To my delight, we were able to see the same nurse we saw the first time. Kim is super friendly and knowledgeable and was great with making my 4 year old feel at ease. Kim answered all my questions and I never felt rushed. We were in and out in no time. Next time I may just skip my daughters primary doctor all together and come straight here.
4	Pleasantly surprised. Honestly did not know what to expect considering this place is located in a wal-mart ... No offense but medical care and wal-mart do not go hand in hand. However, this place is not associated with wal-mart in any way.  I was able to get an appointment same day by calling SMA, and was in and out very quickly. Doctor I saw was super friendly, informative and gave me a referral I needed for dermatologist. I will definitely go back if I need to get an appointment quickly and on the cheap (only $15 with my HMO HPN to be seen).
