4	Local joint. Great prices. Excellent service. Had a great time for Superbowl here.
3	Ok food. Ok service. Left smelling horrible of cigarette smoke.
4	The servings were huge and reasonably priced. Great service! Definitely making a return trip.
3	Friendly local's joint that emphasis cleanliness.I've been to hospitals that are dirtier than BL.First class video viewing den for the big game.Always has a $2 beer deal.The pub grub cheap eats menu is pretty good.Makes a mockery of joints like PT's on Nellis.Seems that many people like the action on the slots there.Despite previous reviewers comments about cigarette smoke the ventilation system is especially excellent for a locals joint.
1	my wife and i were regular patrons of this bar for past year and a half. 2 months ago we went there for drinks and entertainment. went to use their atm machine - machine malfunctioned and did not dispense the money or receipt. bartender was informed and following day the had repairs done. ended up our bank (chase) took out the money anyway. we filed a complaint and the returned the money then 2 months later we get a letter saying they are going to take it back.  found out bar is telling them that there was no problem with the atm.  my wife went to the bar to talk to glen (manager) and he basically told her that we took the money. my wife and i have spent plenty of money there and to be accused of wrongdoing is bs. pretty sad that the bar and bank has to take our money. we will no longer be going to the bar and will be changing banks.future patrons beware.
4	I've been here for breakfast once before and believe I enjoyed it. Recently, I was taken there again to eat. I give this place props for having breakfast specials (some of which aren't regularly on the menu). This place is designed for locals includong a bar, a big screen TV for sports and a handful of slot machines.I had the French toast. The only thing I didn't care about was that they probably used buttermilk to dip their bread in. It diverted from the usually sweet fare I'm used to eating. The chicken fried steak my dad ordered was absolutely delicious! Flavorful, crispy and not drowned in gravy. I will have to come back and try this place for lunch.
2	The set up is ridiculous. You can only order food from the waitresses even if you're sitting at the bar. Service was terribly slow. The only good staff member was Lyndsie she definitely made up for the crappy service we received from the rest of the staff.
4	Have been coming here for a good cheap breakfast for year's but this was the first time for dinner. Tried the chicken pot pie special. It was great, home made pie in a big bowl covered with a nice crisp flakey crust on top. Def try again.
2	If you sitting at the bar, order some drinks, it all good.... but when your hungry... you have to order foods from another waitress... Why not the bar tender put my foods order in and delivery it to me? I would be tippin the bar tender more $$ if he/her know what I like. You will be smelling like smoke after you leave this place. They really need to the fix air circulation in there. I kinda wish they had a patio, so I wouldn't be eating smokey smelling burger.  Food is good and beer are cold.
