1	I work at the University and this unfortunately is the most convenient location if you have to ship anything.  I would give it zero stars if I could.  It exemplifies the worst of the whole USPS customer experience.  The lobby display of shipping materials is disorganized.  Given that the University has an international population, the more obscure requests i.e. shipping overseas and across country should be expected.  I have heard that they make overseas shipping a nightmare.I had to ship an ebay sale today.  I went with my sale in an envelope that I had no problem using back in SD.  The lady at the counter who claimed to be the supervisor had a serious attitude problem.  I've worked with the public and know it isn't easy, but if you really are that bad at interacting with the public, you get let go in a private business.  Not so with the USPS.  She was an older woman who probably would have gone ballistic if she had been treated the same way as a customer as she treated me.  She condescendingly called me young lady like I was an idiot who did not know anything about shipping or mailing.  I worked at a law office for almost two years with the primary responsibility of handling shipping packages and certified mail, so I know quite a bit about how to handle mail.   She was a monster who has no business interacting with the public.  I hope someone takes action and removes her from contaminating others with her nastiness.
3	sometime the officer can be pain in the ***, but well, they got the job done.
1	They got the worst service ever. I have no idea what's going on with the lady there. She seems like she hates everyone and all the customers need to appreciate her service. I will never ever go there, I prefer to walk all the way to UPS or Fedex. I seriously do not understand how can people like her still work there.
4	Differing from the average opinion, I got great service at USPS! My postal guy helped me way beyond what I expected. He asked me what I had and where I was sending it to, and based on that, he told me the cheapest and fastest way to send my bulk of clothes, food to my boyfriend would be the flatrate priority box! Only $18 for probably 2-3 pounds of stuff, arriving in 2 business days (P.S. you could send even heavier stuff, as long as it fits into the box). I've never met such a knowledgeable postal service person! Love it. Thank you for making my experience so easy and efficient.
5	Never had a problem here! Staff always polite and helpful. Get in and out quickly. Not sure what people expect of a USPS :)
