3	I went to the Brasseurs de Montreal last week with a group of friends to take advantage of the first warm terrace worthy night of the summer. Truth be told I've been here a few times before with about the same results every time.To start this place has a nice terrace, in the middle of Griffin Town. I'm not sure how many it can seat but it's allot since we were ten at our table and there were quite a few other tables with groups around us and we still felt like we were the only ones there.The service always seems to be a little slow but nothing too bad and since I'm always there with friends it's nice to have the time to talk. I would like the wait staff to be quicker with the first round drinks. I wouldn't suggest Les Brasseurs de Montreal if you're in a hurry but if your out for a nice night with friends  it's a fun place to be and you might not even realize that the service is a little slow.Being a microbrewery this place makes a full compliment of beers that will please any beer drinker. I must admit that I am not a big beer drinker but every time I come here I find a beer that I like, last time we shared pitchers of sangria and that was also good. The food is your typical pub fare with burgers, bavette, nachos and sandwiches on the menu. The food is OK the quality average, it really isn't bad but you wont rant and rave about it the next day. I realized the food here was nothing to write home about when the day after I couldn't remember what I'd had for diner. Nothing about Les Brasseurs de Montreal stands out but that's what I like about it. It's a nice neighbourhood spot where you can go grab a drink and something to eat with friends on a nice terrace or even inside when the weather is cold and if the company is good you're sure to have a good time.
4	Well the staff was very nice at first, they helped us with our strollers and got the kids the seats they needed.  The waiter was ok, but a little slow.  The food in my opinion was the best I had sandwich wise in Montreal.  This place kicked butt!! Its a pub dont get me wrong, but the bread on our sandwiches were so tasty and done just "Perfect" it made the roast beef sandwich stand out!! My salad was good, and the whole experience was pleasent since everybody liked what they ate.  Ex: Buffalo wings, nachos, chicken sandwich, etc.....We were a group of 10. This will be the first place I come back too when in Montreal.
3	Montreal's obsession with food and beer is something that should certainly be a welcome thing. Brasseur de Montreal is no exception to this culture. Brasseur de Montreal does produce a few very interesting and unique creations. Milliseme, and Ghosttown certainly both standing out. The former, a bourbon barrel aged, and Belgian inspired choice.  Plenty of residual malty sweetness, and a high ABV makes it a pleasing, yet deceptively intoxicating choice. The latter, an Absinthe infused stout. The Anise flavor is forward, and notable, but not overpowering. Unfortunately, the rest of the selection is fairly tame. A Vanilla stout that is pleasing, a blonde that isn't phone home worthy, but enjoyable. The food, it's fine for a pub faire. My last meal wasn't the most memorable, but I enjoyed my time drinking, and have returned to do so again since. I have every intent of Brasseur de Montreal remaining in my choices for local breweries, I just wish I could see more of their one off options.
5	Good beer, good food, what else is needed on a late summer night.
4	I checked in with some clients for lunch fully expecting to wait hours to get my food as per previous Yelper reviews but was decently surprised on how quickly we were served by the friendly staff.Didn't drink any alcohol (work policy) but definitely had their smoked meat poutine. The poutine was a bit too salty but it was very good nonetheless with the portion being just right. The price tag was decent as well.Location is a bit out of the way but hey, my car was still there when I left, so that's always a good thing for this part of town right? :)
4	The ambiance is nice, albeit far from the city center, catering mostly to those who are around GriffintownThe service is slow during peak hours (lunch for example) but it seems it's more due to the popularity than any fault of the team really.The food is nice and nicely presented, and there are good choices.Didn't try the beer unfortunately, that'll be for next time
5	Follow the recommendation beer-meal.
4	Great terrasse, nice beers and good selection and super friendly and helpful servers. The patio is dog-friendly and it shows...every single time I have been here, there's been at least 5 other dogs lounging about. The only reason why I am not giving this place 5 stars is because the food is pretty 'meh': the salmon tartare was kinda tasteless, bread was hard and the salads were nothing special.
5	Been there several times and I've always had good experiences. Staff is really nice. Food is great. Right price and excellent quality. Highly recommend!
5	Quaint (yet large) bistro for fantastic food!  Lunch was ridiculously cheap - delicious cabbage tomato soup, beef stew and dessert for under $20 per person!  Loved the environment and you can't go wrong with the food.
