3	The interior of the newly opened Hambar at the Hotel St. Paul is light, modern, clean, and airy. It's very inviting in a Euro wannabe kind of way (I mean that almost positively). It reminds me of restaurants near the Naschmarkt in Vienna. Hambar is supposedly about, Jamon. There are all kinds of cured ham on the menu, and the fact they have Bellota (the amazing Spanish Iberico ham made from pata negra pigs that live a very good life on acorns which gives the meat an incredible sweet nutty taste) is reason enough to try it. However, the service is pretty shoddy, and the food is, well, meh. I had a lobster roll (I know, but hell, it's on the menu, it should be good) which was not bad, but rather bland and the accompanying salad was a sad combo of frisee, arugula, and celery, and the dressing was just unpleasant and oily, without any flavor. The Hambar lemonade cocktail was completely imablanced and overly sour, and in fact they unartfully threw in four limes and two lemons for good measure (purses lips like the old cartoons where someone eats alum). I sent mine back and opted for a glass of Pouilly Fume which went nicely with the lobster roll. My colleague had the porchetta sandwich with manchego, and a cloyingly sweet candied quince topping that detracted from the nicely done porchetta. I'll return because there were a few interesting things on the menu that I can't readily get elsewhere in Montreal including the Jamon Iberico, but they've got some work to do to bring this place up to its potential.
5	I have to admit I didn't see it at first. It was pointed out to me as I made my first stroll around downtown "Old town" Quebec.  But when it was pointed out, I said, "I think I've found my home here."  I wasn't wrong. The relatively new (June 2012) Hambar is in a space adjoining the St. Paul Hotel. The lure? A gorgeous piece of art that's also at the center of the restaurant's reason for being: A beautiful window case display of prosciutti, serrano hams and other charcuterie. This, I though, was reason to go on in for a recon mission. The hostess was very friendly and spoke English and French (as do most Quebecois) and had none of the too-often maligned "French-ness" that puts off those who don't speak it. We explained that we had just finished lunch, but she was more than willing to talk about their menu, wines and best times to come. As it turned out, we'd return only six hours later to do a full frontal assault on it.  Hambar has a cocktail like lighting and feel, and the groups inside ranged from mid-20s through seniors. Everyone felt comfy, though, and again the waitress was quick to spend time to explain the daily specials, and then pointed out which wines they had by the glass in addition to those in their voluminous full-bottle wine list. When she returned with cocktails, she asked if we had questions, which we did. Her advice? We had too much on our minds and that their portions were pretty generous. If we wanted more it wouldn't be a problem. Now when's the last time that happened to you? Me, neither. Never!  Her recommendation was the small platter, which was more than generous. We also tried the prosciutto croquettes (bits of ham in cheese, then panko breaded and friend.... awesome). The platter had both prosciutto, serrano ham, black serrano, and a variety of other charcuterie.  Every bite was a a treat. Each new item was a delicious surprise. Each minute in the place conveyed happiness and a great exploration. My first thought was wondering how someone in Chicago could open a place like this and keep it close enough to where I lived that I'd be able to go at least once a week. I've been very stingy in giving five stars to any restaurant, but if I'm ever going to give one, this place rates it.  While I have a whole lot of new places and cities I want to visit for food, this place would be enough to get me to return to Montreal. There's more in this great food city, but I'd do both dinner and breakfast at Hambar.
5	I had a great time at Hambar last night.  The atmosphere is great, (look at all the hams hanging in the front glass), staff was good and food was great.We ordered the mid size charcuterie platter to start, it was $46 but plenty for 4 guys!  It was fantastic, see the photo's.They have an extensive wine list, at all price levels.  We requested a specific one that was not on the menu and our server went to check.  She brought back something similar and said you can try it, if you don't like it I will bring you something else and sell this one by the glass...I know most nice restaurants will do this but the offer was very nice, obviously trying to please us with the wine.I ate the duck magret for dinner and it was great.To be honest, aside from the platter to start, I was a little surprised about the lack of pork on the menu.  I would've thought a place with Ham in the name and all the Pork hanging in the front window that you'd have a little more selection, and some obscure stuff.  Very good food none the less.And the best part was, if conversation slows down and you're bored, you just go to the window and look at all the pork hanging...it's pretty cool!
5	Great charcuterie plate!  House-made mortadella and prosciutto croquets are incredible! This place has a trendy vibe--and at first it was a bit intimidating--but the staff is really nice and not snobby at all.  We ended up visiting several times for drinks at the bar.Great cocktails (the Yuzu was my favorite) and a great selection of wines by the glass make this a great place to visit for dinner or just for drinks.If you are in the old Montreal area, stop by, you won't regret it.
2	Overrated.  Overpriced. Overcrowded despite half the restaurant being empty (they crowd you in one area to make the place appear full).  Part of a hotel although most customers were locals. Food deserves 3 stars but atmosphere lacked comfort and elegance.
5	Food, wine and service were amazing! Everything from the charcuterie and cheese to the veal ribs and grilled octopus were impeccable! It was crowded and we sat at a communal table, but our neighbors were very friendly and just added to the experience. Wonderful experience all around, and highly recommended!
4	Cool vibe. Loud late at night. The hostess was the only one I encountered in Montreal that was having trouble with english. We had a drink while we waited for our table. I specifically asked for the drink to be made without an ingredient, and the directions were not followed, which was disappointing. The waiter was friendly enough, but not overbearing. To the food....we had charcutterie, gnocchi, and beef tartar. All of it was very good. The gnocchi was tiny and wasn't the same consistency I'm used to at italian restaurants in NYC, but it tasted good. This place was handy since it's open late...we went after a hockey game. All in all a good experience because the food was very good.
4	I've been there a couple times for lunch. Besides the fact that the beef tartar is quite heavy on the mayo, their food is great! The set up is cute and bright, the prices are reasonable for good quality! I've never been there for dinner but would definitely recommend you try it for a quick yet tasty business lunch.
4	Great for casual/business dinners, must buy the charcuterie platter.
1	The worst brunch place EVER! Radioactive bloody Mary's, slow and cranky service, and half the items on the menu not available. Stay home rather than come here.
5	We were here for brunch after trying to get into Cartet, which I've heard is great. Sadly they were closed for the holidays but luckily we stumbled into Hambar. The staff was very nice, the food was excellent and the setting very comfortable. My husband ordered the eggs benedict and said it was the best he's ever had. I ordered the pain perdu and it was delicious. I would highly recommend this place. We also ate at Maison Bouloud which was great - just to give you a qualifier.
5	Best charcuterie platter in Montreal!!!
4	Arrived late on a Thursday night and the place was bustling.  Ordered the "death in the afternoon" absinthe and champagne cocktail and it was delicious and very strong (obviously).Shared the charcuterie board - it was some of the best I've had, and included house-made mortadella.  For the main I had the lobster with bernaise sauce.  It was quite tasty, but I felt that it could have been better.I would definitely recommend this place (and if you're staying in the adjoining hotel, it's a no-brainier).
4	My boyfriend and I had a dinner reservation on a Saturday night. We loved the atmosphere--lively, not too overdone or fancy. Our server was also extremely nice.We shared a small charcuterie board--it was delicious, and HUGE. It's definitely a good portion for two people. We also appreciated the wide variety: mortadella, prosciutto, pickled mushrooms, chicken liver pate, etc.I ordered the short ribs, which was also a pretty sizeable portion. My only gripe was that they served it with the enormous bone still on the plate, and it was kind of cumbersome to eat around it. The dish also has spaetzle, but I didn't expect fried/crunchy spaetzle.My boyfriend had the fish special (halibut, I think) which was served on a bed of greens. It was a much lighter dish than mine, which suited him just fine because he wasn't as hungry.For dessert we had the green tea panacotta. I really loved it because I'm not a fan of super sweet desserts. This had just a touch of sweetness. If you have a bigger sweet tooth there are other desserts to choose from.We would definitely return here, at least for the charcuterie and the wine selection!
4	Very nice looking place with a large assortment of wines, and a charcuterie plate that is a must try.  I brought an italian friend here and the prosciutto was of great quality by his standards
5	One of our favorites in Montreal! Oysters are delicious to start, we get them every time. Braised short ribs and Brussels sprouts were perfect for main course. Atmosphere is on point.
5	One of my personal favorites when visiting Montreal on business trips. It is not an overly large place, but has a simple modern European look to the restaurant. The seating layout consists of a traditional private table seating area, seating at the bar, and then a long wooden high top table that allows closer seating and separates the other two areas. I have sat at the high top and the tables. Both are nice areas to dine. If you are looking for a more private experience, then sit at the traditional tables, but I personally have enjoyed the high top table as other guests are seated beside you on a busy night and you can meet some of the local people. Hambar is a versatile place in my opinion. It can be a great place to go on a date and enjoy their extensive wine list and deliciously prepared meals, or it could be a good place to go after work to grab a drink at the bar/high top and share a charcuterie platter or appetizer. I have done both and each experience has not disappointed. The charcuterie platters here are the best I have had in Montreal. They have a nice variety of freshly sliced meats, pickled items, and pates amongst other items on the wooden boards they are served on that are perfect for sharing and trying some new things. The platters come in a couple of sizes so feel free to scale the size and variety of options depending on the size of your party. I think the charcuterie platters are a must have if you like variety. Other than the charcuterie platters, the oysters, appetizers, and main courses are always seasonally fresh, presentationally stunning, and flavorfully rich. I have had several items from here and none have disappointed me yet which is one of the main reasons this restaurant gets 5 stars. The other reason is the value. The dishes aren't cheap which goes with the restaurant style, but they are well priced for the quality of the dishes and portion sizes.I will continue to return to Hambar on regular trips to Montreal. If you haven't had a chance to dine here or go for some after work drinks and apps, then you should give it a shot.
1	We went here for brunch and were sorely disappointed. I understand that quality food takes time, but waiting an hour and a half for food in a mostly empty restaurant is unacceptable.  At an average twenty dollars a plate, you're not just paying for food, you're paying for the experience; my experience was pretty miserable. This is the first time I've walked out of a restaurant. We were starving and after discussing it, my friends and I paid for our drinks and walked. I left hungry and dissatisfied. I usually sandwich a comment with something positive, so in that spirit; if you like nice decor, go here.
3	Food is ok. I'm not terribly impressed with the menu. I also don't appreciate not being told what the specials are...both times I came.  The pesto dish was good. The charcuterie plate is plentiful (even the small one).  This place was just ok to me when I was expecting so much more because it looks so cool from the outside.
4	They're known for their charcuterie plate and it did not disappoint. There's actually so much variety it becomes difficult to identify everything, even after having it all explained by the waiter. Also an incredible whisky and tequila selection if you're into the finer varieties of those (and makes for a wonderful place to have a romantic drink/nightcap). My only caution is the staff (while super friendly) seems to err on the French side. Both times I've been with my girlfriend (who does not speak French) they did their best to explain the menu in English for her, but in neither instance were they really good at doing so. Wasn't a big deal for us, but if you're in from out of town, or just don't speak a word of French, you may have trouble understanding the extensive, sometimes complicated menu. Regardless, I imagine you'll enjoy whatever you end up with :D I forget what we had the 2nd time (we were just having such a great time and enjoying ourselves) but I remember it was all delicious.
