4	Last night was my first time in The Little Theater which is part of Phoenix Theater.  I didn't see it on the list so I'm reviewing it here. We saw Reefer Madness the musical!  It was awesome!  I couldn't stop laughing.  The sound of the theater was excellent! It was definitely small and the seats very uncomfortable.They had snacks out during intermission.  We bought two water bottles and I was happy to see them put a box out for recycling the water bottles and the soda cans.  They also had a box out for recycling the programs once the play finished. I will definitely see another play here!
5	Saw Les Miz (5th or 6th time) and it was indeed something special in this truly wonderful theater with truly fantastic voices.  The staging was awesome, the ambiance marvelous, the sound sytem spectacular, the enjoyment unsurpassed.  Am signing for season tickets!
4	I went to the Phoenix Theatre yesterday for the 1st time and I truly loved every minute of it. The Theatre itself is smaller than I expected and the stage is abnormally tiny- most High Schools have bigger auditoriums, but the scenes are setup so perfectly you truly forget how small the Theatre actually is. I LOVE this place! I will go back again and again and not be ashamed to stand in the will call line to get tickets until I purchase my season tickets. I am excited to look into the Children's Theatre productions that are put on in the little Theatre. I know my 6 year old will enjoy it as much as I enjoy the adult productions.
5	I went to see "Saving Tania's Privates" on 10/09/10. The Phoenix Little Theatre was a perfect venue for this event. Since the show had some delicate and poignant scenes, the small stage was perfect for showcasings these gems. Tania  Katan is deserving of a purple heart for courage for her role as sole writer and performer of this fact based phenomenon. The theatre is small and intimate, ensuring there are no "bad seats" in the house.
4	My mom & I came here on Sunday to see Hairspray. We got an awesome deal on Groupon, two tickets for $45. This theatre is very tiny, pretty sure it's smaller than most school's auditoriums but that didn't take away from the production. Lighting & sound was great. We loved the show, too cute & great songs. It was pretty long too; started at 6:30pm, at 8:00pm had a 10-15 minute intermission, then ended around 9:00pm. The only negatives were that the seats weren't too comfy & the bathrooms were a lil dirty & smelled horrible. But besides that, I definitely recommend seeing Hairspray!P.S. They announced that this was their 90th year, congrats!
4	I've been attending performances at The Phoenix Theatre for over 10-years now and was a season ticket holder for several years. My wife has been going nearly her whole life, her grandfather performed in plays and her mother is a current board member of the organization. As I was in town this past weekend, my in-laws got us tickets to see the current show, Avenue Q, which was great!Over the years we have attended numerous shows including Chicago, Man of La Mancha, Fried Green Tomatoes, How To Succeed in Business Without Really Trying, The Producers, Into the Woods, Arsenic and Old Lace, Picnic, and many others.While its not the place to see experimental theater or cutting-edge new dramas, Phoenix Theatre presents a mix of familiar musicals and dramatic shows each season and does a great job with them. In fact many of the musicals are better than the touring Broadway shows that come to Gammage.The theater itself is located in the Phoenix Art Museum complex, and while its not large, every seat in the house has a good view of the stage. Parking is free and readily available and with shows typically starting at 8:00 pm, its easy to get a nice bite to eat before the show.Prices for shows are also reasonable and season tickets are a great deal for the amount of entertainment you receive.In short, Phoenix is lucky to have a performing arts organization of this quality and I'd encourage anyone who likes live theater to be sure and check it out.
4	I went to see In the Wake of Bounty (part of Fringe Fest 2011) and besides the show being exquisite, the venue was perfect.  Phoenix Little Theatre is basically attached to the Phoenix Art Museum which means you can stroll about in the little park area before the show. Take goofy pictures with the headless children statues and throw wishing pennies into the fountain overlooked by the uber masculine yet pensive sculpture.  Free and plentiful parking!!!  The theatre is really intimate with a small stage and limited seating. With that being said... any seat would give a great view of the happenings on stage.  Only downside is that the theatre chairs and my rear end did not get along amiably.  Lots of fidgeting on my part and constant readjusting.
5	Good parking for a downtown venue. I love walking in the sculpture garden of the art museum during intermission. They always put on very professional productions.
4	Good parking.  Very professional
5	I've been here a few times over the years.  Nice intimate theatre with really well done performances.  I was at Gypsy this Sunday and loved it.
4	I have been along with my friends to several events at this Theatre and every time it has been a pleasing experienced, they offer good quality shows for a decent price.
5	It was terrific in every aspect.  I had no idea there was such a reservoir of talent here - in every area of theatre.
4	Had a wonderful evening, great intimate theater, not a bad seat in the house....
5	I've been to performances both on the Main-stage and the Little Theatre.The acoustics are good, not a bad seat in either room.Ticket pricing is very fair - especially compared to most other major cities.There's also a great mix of events - at least two or three every season that I look forward to seeing. Also - one advantage both Phoenix Theatre and Gammage have over most venues in other cities (Or Herberger) is the abundance of free parking! Convenient to a Light Rail stop as well - almost like living in a "real" city!Conveniently, I work second shift close to the Theatre - so weekday matinees fit into my schedule (and budget) perfectly.Glad to have this venue - and glad to see how many people support it locally - not a lot of empty seats at any performance I've been to!
5	WOOOOO! I love this place! I'm a huge fan of the arts and I'm so happy that there's a theatre as great as this close to home! I was there last week to see bird cage (la cage follies)! It was a fantastic performance an I was trilled to come watch another show at this theatre. The actually theatre is pretty small. So small in fact that the orchestra is actually placed in a separate room on location and microphones transfer the live music out to the main stage. If you are sitting in the audience and look up you can see the director and lighting experts working their magic. The sound engineers are located in the back of the theatre which is the usual spot in most theaters. The seats were kind of uncomfortable but there was a person in the lobby trying to get donations for new chairs so I can't really say much about that.During intermission I did have a slight problem with the pace the concessions were being sold. I tried to be patient because I knew they were having an issue with the credit card machine and the girl working was very apologetic but I felt like I was about to be trampled from behind by starving guests... But damn that cookie was good. I'm excited for this seasons performances! Especially RENT!!
5	This review is for the summer camp held here:  what can I say this was one of my child's favorite summer camps around Phoenix and we did a lot of them. The lion king production by these kids was excellent for one week of preparation.  They can't stop talking about this experience.
4	I have been to Phoenix Theatre a couple times to see shows in the large theatre. We went last weekend to their grand reopening, and we got to be the first people to sit in the new seats...woo! The seats are comfy, there really isn't a bad seat in the house to see or hear the show. Last year, the BF and I saw Spamalot and it was good...not the best performance ever, but good. Last weekend we saw Rent, and it was great! The cast was very talented and spot on except one character who I won't name as to not hurt his feelings, but man, they really made a mistake in casting with this one individual. Anyway, this theatre is definitely worthwhile and I would recommend it to everyone!
5	The theatre make-over is great! I really enjoyed RENT. Look forward to the Black Box Theatre shows.
4	I visited the Phoenix Theatre last night with friends to see White Christmas and really enjoyed myself!  The redo of the theatre is great...absolutely love the new look!Every seat is great and the tickets are reasonably priced!
5	Truly Great Performances in an intimate theatre setting by wonderful casts and a theatre staff with a very strong Customer Orientation.We have been season ticket holders for years and there is no better season ticket in Arizona.
5	Had never been to this theater, but saw "White Christmas" last night.  Wow, wow, wow!  I was worried because sometimes regional theater companies aren't up to national standards.  But not here. Every member of the cast was outstanding.  There were some big production numbers and every detail was perfectly arranged and presented.  I wish I had a photo of that final scene were everyone is dressed in their red and white or green Christmas costumes in front of a large tree and lighted wreaths, with snow falling in the background. Gorgeous.As for the theater, it was surprisingly small, which turned out to be a real treat as the proximity to the actors made the production more enjoyable rather than viewing it from a distant balcony or 60 rows away.  There is a very nice bar, and there was live music prior to the show.  At intermission, cookies, chocolate squares, and brownies were $2 -- about the price range as other theaters in the area.Parking did not seem to be a problem, but finding the lot and theater was not clear at first.  When you turn into the entryway, there is a small sign showing that the theater is further back and you have to zig.  Once there, the parking lot was big (flat, no garage).
1	Visiting from out of state to see a friend in White Christmas and I took a photo of the final bow of the performers - without a flash - in order to share it with the cast, and I was pulled aside by an employee and forced to delete the photo as they watched me to ensure it was deleted.I specialize in copy right and entertainment law in Los Angeles, and found this to be stunningly petty.You can decide if that's an environment you'd like to go to for your entertainment.
5	Phoenix Theatre consistently puts on excellent productions. As a jaded ex-New Yorker, I was honestly worried about finding "culture" when I moved here. Never fear. Between the theatre here and the touring productions elsewhere in Phx, and the opera, ballet, and symphony (not to mention Spring Training and the beautiful Phoenix Art Museum), I'm not missing out. Definitely worth subscribing to their season. And be sure and arrive early, they've renovated the lobby (and added a black box theatre for more intimate shows), with a snack bar (sandwiches a bit overpriced but reasonable pre-show drink prices) and a bar-bar for hanging out.
4	Great little theatre- very intimate- Bar gets a bit crowded but overall nice experience. Saw the Spouse Whisperer- Mark Cordes is hilarious.  Don't remember the last time I laughed so hard....
1	Really disappointing customer service experience.  I purchased tickets originally to see the production of Pippin.  Being a frequent flyer at Gammage, the Herberger, the Phoenix Symphony, etc, I was really excited for my first experience at the Phoenix Theater.  Also I heard great things about the show.  We found out the day of the show that the production was cancelled due to an injury in the cast.  Completely understandable and I was happy to reschedule.  Due to travel for work, the only other show I could make was the last showing on Sunday.  Unfortunately, I was delayed due to weather in the East Coast and missed the show.  The Phoenix Theater box office has rather limited phone hours and I was unable to get a hold of anyone.  Finally, on the day following the show, I spoke with a person who basically refused to help me in any capacity.I would have been happy with a refund, an exchange, a coupon for a cookie, anything.  But instead the Phoenix Theater took my money ($180) and said "Sorry."  Surprising given the fact that I've found other venues very accommodating (looking at you Gammage).  I am in a customer-focused industry, and simply taking a one's money while offering nothing in return is incredibly poor service.Sincerely,Not-one-to-leave-really-bad-reviews-often
5	My wife and I went to see Les Miserables last night. I found the cast and production to both be first class. Immensely enjoying, my wife even cried during "I dream a dream." It was our first time at Phoenix Theatre and we will be back. The theatre provides a small, intimate setting which, in my opinion, elevates the overall experience. Did I mention FREE PARKING? If we had to pick only one favorite from the show, it would be Eponine (played brilliantly by Jenny Hintze). Her voice is amazing and my wife and I both loved her portrayal of Eponine. I see in her program bio that she has been in lots of productions and it is no wonder why. Thanks for a great first experience Phoenix Theatre, we will see you soon!
5	Terry T and I watched Les Miserable at Esplanade AMC when it was showing. That was my first experience with the musical, and I was hooked. So, when I saw Les Mis was being performed at Phoenix Theatre, I was beyond ecstatic--in fact, I was slightly aroused. And who better to accompany me than the lovely Terry T. Incidentally, Terry has seen the production multiple times, so I was concerned this wouldn't hold up to her expectations. I, on the other hand, was just excited about seeing this musical (and staying out late on a work night, Tee hee!)Now, I have to admit I started comparing this production against the movie. So I initially was thinking, "Wait, Fontine was brunette" and "Hugh Jackman delivered that line differently" before I allowed myself to be consumed by the musical. Because it truly was beautiful and masterfully played out on the modest sized stage. It received Terry's seal of approval. Bravo!A couple of things I think really contributed to my enjoyment of this musical were 1) the lovely senior citizens who were bused in, and their darling commentary during the production; and 2) killer seats, front row stage left. They reminded me of the wicked seats Robert M scored through the lottery in San Fran for Wicked.
5	I'd never been here before but it was a great experience.  We saw Avenue Q in the Hormel Theatre.  It's very small and intimate - great place to see a show.  We had excellent seats but I suspect just about every seat is a good one.  Looking forward to coming back!
5	Phoenix Theatre is a wonderful venue to see theatre productions. The productions are almost wonderful opportunities to see some of Arizona's finest acting, singing and dancing. They now have three theaters on the campus next to the wonderful phoenix art museum and a cool bar area to visit before, during after the show. The Almost Famous Theatre company puts on great productions in the Hardes theatre and its an affordable way to experience theatre and see local talent perform before they head off to Hollywood, NY or London!
5	This was my first visit here and I have to say I WILL be back.  I came to see the show "Memphis" and it was spectacular!  When I first arrived, I went to their magnificent bar which is in their front lobby.  I expected beer & wine however they had a pretty extensive specialty drink menu and quite a few beers to choose from - choices choices choices.  I ordered a Stella & the bartender said it was still Happy Hour - WHAT! Happy Hour HERE?  Yep it's true people - till 7pm if I'm not mistaken.  My beer was $3 - seriously.  For the intermission - I preordered my drink and a snack which was beautifully waiting for me mid show at the HAPPY HOUR PRICE.  I ordered a Devil's Kiss cocktail and a flourless chocolate chip chocolate cookie (thats A LOT of chocolate).  The cocktail was lovely & the cookie was HUGE & deeeeeelicious.  I could only have a few bites & it took me three days to eat the rest.  Now for the stage - it is not a large venue and the acoustics were very good.  I was in row E (left side of stage) 2nd seat from the aisle.  No obstructions and I could see everything.  I will definitely keep my eyes open for upcoming shows and visit here again.  LOVE a good show that doesn't break the bank!
5	We saw Mary Poppins and three generations of us loved it- the show stealing was accomplished by the ensemble cast with this one. The star roles were also awesome but the ensemble scenes blew me away.
4	If traveling to Los Angeles, this is a must. chequen Billboard Concert Philharmonic, conducted by Gustavo Dudamel. Tickets may cost somewhat expensive, but tickets are earned from $ 24.
5	This is my second time to the Phoenix Theatre. The first time was watching Monty Python 2 years ago. I thought the cast did a pretty good job then. But most recently I went to see Mary Poppins. The show was fantastic! I was grinning ear to ear the entire time during the show.  It brought me back to my childhood. The entire cast was wonderful, but the actor who played the character Bert definitely stood above the rest . I loved the Step in Time part. I definitely would go again!
