4	So my boss (who is a man) told me this place was the best of the best! haha. He also told me that some of the steelers get their nails done here(no comment). I was a bit confused because it looks like your typical strip mall dive nail salon (80's airbrush decal on the window, strangely placed mirrors, two fish tanks, really awful "modern art"). I had some time to kill on a saturday so I decided to check it out with a mani/pedi.  I was surprised that in a place like this it was $41 normally its around $25-30 in dive salons.  The place was busy which was a good sign but I was able to get right into the pedi chair. Pro: No wait, tons of colors to choose from, QUALITY!!!!! my nails still look awesome (no chips), the nail technician was very detail orientated, NO CHIPS! parking, didn't tear apart my cuticles Cons: Needs an update! A bit expensive for the atmosphere
3	My girlfriends and I decided it was time for a pedicure! My friend called ahead and made four appointments for all of us. When we got there, only three chairs were ready, and we had to wait about a half hour before anyone was available to start on us. They seemed to be short staffed, and trying to manage more people than they could handle. We weren't terribly bothered by it, as we weren't on a strict schedule. They had one guy that started on my friend, and we all had to wait for her to be done before he started on anyone else. No one else was available to do it. Each pedicure took about 25 minutes, maybe less. It wasn't the best pedicure I'd ever had, and it seemed like he skipped a ton of steps. In the end it was ok, but nothing to write home about. It was only $25, which is $10 less than how much I pay in the suburbs - so only for that reason does it get 3 stars. If I needed a quick pedicure, at a cheaper price, I'd go back here if I had a ton of time to waste. We'll see how long it lasts before it starts chipping.
1	So I needed to get my toes done last minute.  Originally I was going to wear tennis shoes but then decided on open toe.  So I alas I found myself at Nails USA since its a few blocks from my house.  I noticed when I walked in that the lady didnt open new utensils.  They were laying on the tray.  So, I didnt really think much of it at the time.  I thought that maybe she was waiting so she had just opened the pack and had them waiting there.  :(  A few weeks later I was at Kennywood and well my BIG TOE FELL OFF.  Ya you got that right!  Here I caught some fungus from this place!!!!  It ate away at my big toe!!!  About a week later ...my other big toe came off!!!!!  Now my toes are lookin so funky and I am afraid to go to anyplace :(  This place is NASTY!  Plus I don't like places that talk chinese the whole time you are getting your nails done.
4	I typically go to Nail Candy on the Southside, but they are not dependable. Meaning you never know if anyone will be there .....they close early and don't pick up their phone. So I was determined to get my nails done that day so I asked Siri "nail salons near me" and Nails USA came up. I'm not from around here so I never heard of them and was kinda nervous when I read some of the reviews. I went inside they took me immediately when I walked in... This really nice lady named Nancy did my gel nails and they turned out amazing!! I have to say way better than Nail Candy!!! It's so random that I found this place but I'm going to come here from now on :) I had a great experience! P.S. - I didn't rate them a 5 because you do have to wait only one person does the gel/ nail art.
3	Went in for a pedi on my lunch break at 1pm and was taken right away, which was my main concern since I was on the clock.  They had a pretty decent color selection and the guy who did my pedi did a great job with the prep, but only an OK job on the actual polish application.  I paid $28 for my pedi plus tip which was a decent price.  It would not be my first choice for a mani/pedi splurge in the future but is great for quick service.
5	I absolutely love this place! I've gotten everything from acrylic to gel to regular polish. When I got a regular polish mani with Henry, my nails didn't chip for at least a week and a half. Usually regular polish chips within a couple days! It is true that some Steelers go here. One time I sat right next to one in a pedicure chair. I also recommend Nancy because she is very personable and so sweet. She even has a great memory! I moved to NYC for a year and came back to Nails USA for the first time since I moved back to Pittsburgh and she remembered me...and my mom! They're a little more pricey than most places, but it's worth it. You'll have long lasting nails and a great experience if you go to Nails USA!!
