5	I absolutely adore this little shop. I have been in there 3 times and every time I've walked out with a better deal then the time before. I'm so proud of my finds. I haven't been in to consign anything yet, but I'm building up the courage to do so. I'm a bit intimidated by the process, not sure why I'm sure it's a lot of fun. Way to go Poor Little Rich Girl! "Now lets go shopping" ; )
4	I've only been in the shop on 38th & Indian School.  They have a great selection of accessories and hand-bags.  I haven't shopped through they clothes yet, but there are many cute items on display.  I recently consigned some bags and jewelry, and made $260 just in time for Christmas shopping.  I'm definitely a fan.
5	I absolutely love this shop. Both women who attend the shop, one being the owner I believe are absolutely friendly. However, honest enough when asked what do you think, they give you an opinion that actually counts instead of the normal shop garbage of everything looks great. I found so much at this shop I loved. Some sexy high pumps, a couture dress and several pieces of jewelry fitting a hard to please friend's taste. The prices are reasonable, and if its been there for awhile she'll work with you a bit. A truly great gem amongst the resale shops.It really depends on the item if its expensive or not. Its very worth it going in.
5	I can tell this place is going to be a new addiction. I liked the uptown store so much that I went to the Arcadia store right afterward to check out what they had. In both locations I had professional and very helpful service. And the merchandise was phenomenal. Ann Taylor. Banana Republic. Express. BCBG. Michael Kors. Max Studio. Elie Tahari. Michael Stars. Seven for all Mankind. BeBe. And that was all in the first 15 minutes! And 99% of it was under $20! Today, $60 got me a pair of Express pants, two designer blazers, a Max Studio blouse an adorable wide leather belt. Best. Shopping. Day. Ever.Also, the consignment process was super-easy. When I saw how awesome their inventory was I grabbed the two pairs of pants out of my car that were on their way to the tailor to be taken in. Why settle for slightly ill-fitting pants when I can consign them and get new ones??? Now I just need to stop myself from calling compulsively to see if I have store credit yet....
4	Love it!!  When I'm done with my purses and shoes (I have a problem, but I admit it) I just jaunt on over and drop them off.  They are very informal about their system of taking things in, but rest assured, they never miss a beat & you will always know what sells & what's still waiting for a new home.  You never feel 'rejected' like you do at places like Buffalo Exchange.I like to browse the jewlery selection.  Everything from costume, to nicer pieces, and local artists.  One of a kind things that make you feel special.  I also love the email blasts for label junkies and their 'secret password' for extra savings.  The window displays are very well done & definitely make me want to go in.  All in all, a great addition to an up and coming area.
4	The clothes are decently priced and there are some real hidden gems in there. The girls who work there are super friendly and sweet. They're not in your face, pressuring you to buy, but they let you know they're there if you need them.
5	I have not been in this store in a while, but it is only because I am not allowed to spend anything extra right now :-) I LOVE this store. When I first started going to PLRG, I met the owner, and told her about some people that I worked with. I work with special needs adults, and we make lotions, soaps, and all kinds of little fun things. Cat was so nice, she offered to let us sell our products in her store. The crew LOVED IT. They would go in once a week, bring new products, pick up some older stuff, flirt with the girls behind the counter. The staff seemed just as excited to see what products they brought as we were to bring them down. I of course also love all the great finds I have gotten there. Before college I would only where name brand expensive clothing, but now that I have to pay back student loans I can't afford it, but I work in an office where everyone else can :-) I go to PLRG so that everyone can tell me how much they love my outfit and I am the only one who has to know how inexpensive it was :-)
4	Giving my business to a locally-run gem ALWAYS feels better than shopping at a chain... and knowing that I'm helping to "recycle/reuse" clothes at a much cheaper price is even better.  And, big props to them for supporting the community by collecting donations for St. Vincent de Paul.   I always love stopping in to PLRG.  The owner and staff are incredibly helpful and friendly... they have amazing customer service.  Not only can you find a ton of adorable clothes and shoes (and some not-so-adorable ones, as well...), but there are a number of locally-made items for sale.  Cute headbands and hair clips, jewelry, and even purses!  Best part?  Every time I stop in, it is like a whole new store... there is always something that I NEED!  Don't forget to sign up for their email list - they email out discounts like crazy!!
5	I FOUND IT I FOUND IT!!  The best resale shop in Phoenix for "Women of Taste" Believe me I am a resale shop "extraordinaire" The owner Catherine is a doll.  She always speaks to you and remembers your name when you shop.  My favorite thing to do is drive to the shop on Indian School Road and chat with the person running that shop while I browse.  her name is TK and she is extremely cordial and helpful.  It's like shopping with a gal-pal.  I also consign there and get a great return on my items.  She even has little happy hours occasionally for her customers, which is so pleasant!  I have bought dresses for parties, gorgeous shoes that I would not have paid retail for, a few "To die for" Coach bags and some fun and sparkly costume jewelry.  I'm addicted-she has 2 locations-shop there once and your hooked!Laura Apperson
4	If you are a poor girl this is the place to go to BUY stuff.  The prices are reasonable for what you get and its NICE stuff.  But I wouldn't recommend consigning here unless you have top of the line clothes and bags.  They are very picky about what they take.  I love it as a buyer, but as a Consigner....meh its okay.
4	Wonderful small boutique!  they're very nice, helpful and know their stock well.  I'm not a label person, but prefer good quality clothing and they have it!  I don't do purses, but from what I could see, they had some "dream bags" if you like that sort of thing.  Their hours are the best...BEST.  So convenient.  I kinda wanted a new dress for an evening event.  I was able to stop in BEFORE work, get a beautiful "new" dress and get to work on time!  I'm looking forward to selling.To the reviewer who felt judged ("M E."), I think you may have misread this place.  I've gone there four times and there were different people working there nearly every time. I live down the street, so I'll drop by when picking up a drink or snack from nearby, no matter what I'm wearing (to see what new stuff is in). I ran in wearing my Saturday home remodel outfit- paint on my pants (probably holes), no makeup, hair in a bandanna, once in my gardening clothes (giant straw hat, cutoffs and a tank top), once in work clothes (suit) and once in decent jeans and a decent shirt.  I only tried clothes on when I was clean (which is why i remember what I was wearing when I shopped there, because I swore I'd come back after I had showered, lol), but they were equally nice every time I went in.  Maybe they didn't want to hassle you, but if you had a question, you should just ask!  They're super nice.I asked about selling and said I had a ton of dresses that I was thinking about selling, but they'd been in the closet for a while so I would want to dry clean anything before selling it, they offered to look through everything first and I could just dry clean what they'd take!  Knowing how expensive dry cleaning is, I thought that was really awesome of them.  I always felt judged at Buffalo Exchange while selling clothes (like I'm not "cool" or something), but I have a feeling that this will be a MUCH better experience.UPDATE 4/16/11: selling was a really easy and nice experience.  They seem to focus more on bottoms than tops and are overloaded with dresses, so they took about 60% of my items, but left the adorable dresses (which is sad, because they were perfect for Easter, or spring in general).  Unlike Buffalo Exchange, I felt great about selling.
4	Finally checked this place out after "fan"-ing them on facebook months ago.  I must say I really like the feel in this location. The staff was really nice and attentive without being pushy or obnoxious. It really seemed like the type of place where you could come in with your friends and pop out of the dressing room to get the whole store's opinion on your outfit.  It was fun and hip, but not pretentious. Feels like a place you would find in a smaller town, laid back, place where everyone knows your name, type place. I must say this is a huge perk in the middle of a big city.I really enjoyed that they had a wide variety of sizes, making this a place all body shapes can feel comfortable.  They seem to be big on sales which is one of my favorite words, in fact on the day I came in my receipt had a coupon for their other location on the bottom of it... Hello Marketing GENIUS!I'd be back for sure. High quality, brand names and amazing prices without the funky thrift store smell! Hello reasonably priced boutique store love!
5	When you find yourself going to two different locations for one resale store in Phoenix in one day, you know the place has to be good, right?! I thought hte Arcadia store had it all, then I discovered the Uptown Boutique and it's like a whole new world!! Recently I bought a D&G dress that is just too darn cute. They sell everything from Chanel, Louis Vuitton, Rock&Republic, Nanette Lepore and more at really reasonable prices!! It's simply fantastic. I've sold a lot of my clothing and accessories there, and have made some really good money off of it (though I seem to spend it all in store!). They have fantastic locally made jewelry that is just beautiful. The staff and owner are amazingly friendly and so helpful. You are missing out if you're not shopping here!
5	Wow! I am so impressed by this store. I went over to the Arcadia Location and was treated right. They offered me wine, had a special going on that they told me about and set up a dressing room for me. I went in dressed a little down and they didn't bat an eye. I was even given a coupon to visit their other store (this one), so since I had a little time and they are close I decided to go. I was so happy when I showed up and saw a great selection at great prices. The woman behind the counter was really sweet and very helpful. It felt much easier than shopping at Buffalo Exchange, I didn't have to dig for something great and compete with 12 other hipsters. The whole shopping experience was relaxed and comfortable. I am not sure about the negative reviews about this location. I had a really good experience and will gladly return. When I go to the same store in the same day you know it has got to be good! :)
5	This store is a gem.  Hip, friendly and knowledgeable, I might never shop "new" again.  The staff feel like old friends and know their merchandise.  They also know what sells and if you can't find something to buy here, you're not looking hard enough.  And hooray for the local goods!  (Seriously, go check out the "bad monkeys" - funny!)  While this shop is always stocked with popular designer brands, I love the selection of off-beat designer goods that you might see in LA.  5 stars, without question.
5	Amazing.  The salesperson was reallly nice.  Very friendly.  The right kind of confersation.  I can't wait 'til I'm in Phoenix again to shop here.  Oh wait.  they have a website!
5	I will start off with the only complaint I have about this store:  they need a location in Peoria or Glendale!  I love both locations but it is so far from my house that I have to plan a trip.  When I am able to get out to the east side, I make sure to visit both loctions.  I liked them on FB and I love that  they post items that they've just received, including a picture, size and price.  They usually post once or twice during the day with adorable clothes, complete with accessories.  I've bought a few pairs of jeans and a couple of tops and am very happy with my purchases.  They also support the community and tie their sales in with fundraisers.  It is a fun, unique store with gently used designer items and locally made accessories.  The employees are always friendly and helpful and really enjoy working there.  The clothes are well displayed and the dressing rooms are nice and clean.One of these nights I am hoping to get there for happy hour, where they serve wine while you shop.
5	I had so much fun shopping here. The environment was delightful, the store was immaculate, the staff were so charming and helpful. I could have easily bought twice as much as I did, but my husband was nearby with hot coffee for me. A girl has have priorities, after all. I was delighted with the clothes I found - they were all top quality, on-trend or classic items for very reasonable prices, in great condition. PLRG rocks!! If only I had a smart phone to check in over there, but I'm afraid I might end up as the mayor of this store on Foursquare. I did do a sneaky thing and get my sister a gift certificate so I have an excuse to visit again. Maybe we'll hit both stores - I hope so!
5	PLRG is a great LOCAL consignment shop! I've been in many times and always find something of quality to pick up - whether jeans, handbag, earrings, a belt or cute tops. After several purchases I decided to drop off some things to consign. I was impressed that they knew exactly what their clientele would want and took only those items. I was so surprised on my last visit to have a credit balance of over $100 from the few things I had earlier dropped off. It nearly paid for my purchase. I highly recommend this location. Plan to check out the Arcadia shop this weekend!
4	Love it! I have sold vintage before and I am always looking for great wardrobe for fashion shoots. This shop has some really great items, well organized and not over the top pricing.  Alot of vintage, consignment and re-sellers take great pieces and up price them to a ridiculous degree - none of that here.It is a fun place to hunt for that really cool or different piece that you can build a look around.
4	PLRG is a cool locally owned consignment shop. As with most stores that re-sell other people's stuff, it's hit or miss; however, with PLRG I almost *always* find something. They do a much better job at organizing the goods -- jeans are on their own rack, organized by size; same with skirts; same with dresses. The tops are along the wall arranged first by size, then by color. PLRG also has jewelry, some consignment and some locally made by local artists. I've picked up a couple unique pieces that garner comments every time I wear them.PLRG does a great job of keeping in touch with their customers -- you are really missing out if you don't follow them on Facebook. They FREQUENTLY post pics of new items with prices, and even their mannequins have names! They'll dress "Coco" or "Lola" in cute outfits of pieces from the store -- jewelry too -- and post online. They email shoppers (with your permission, of course) with any sales coming up. This is the location they refer to as "Uptown". Definitely my fave consignment place in the Valley so far...
5	Love, love, love this store (both Arcadia and Uptown). I really don't know how it could be any more perfect!  The other ladies have already covered the goodies so I'll keep it short (ish).I love the awesome ladies who work there. I love Thursdays at Arcadia where you can have wine with your shopping experience. I love the handmade jewelry. I love the great prices on these upscale finds. I love that they post photos of outfits on FB cause that's usually what gets me off my butt and over there shopping. I love that local charities benefit from your purchases. I love the constant sales.If you love deals and supporting local biz, "Like" them on FB and get over there A.S.A.P. and revel at how much you get for the money! Major Score, ladies!
5	This lady I always work with when selling clothes is so very friendly and does not make one feel like your clothes are crap.  :-)  This store always has awesome clothes and pretty good prices.  Let's support Phoenix by supporting this great little shop.
4	good selection, usually take my clothes as well. they are always nice and have good sales. sometimes it is a little bit expensive, but its better quality and store is very cute inside. they will actually hang the clothes up for u that you want like in a boutique.
4	I vacillate between giving this store a 3 or a 4, so I'm going to round up and hope my future trips are more successful :)I'd been meaning to check out PLRG for... forever... and finally, after 'liking' them on Facebook (recommended!) I visited them this afternoon!At first when we walked in, no one greeted us, which I was like :-/ about, but it turns out one of the ladies was on break and the other one was helping a customer. When the one lady returned from break, she immediately greeted us and offered to take my finds to the fitting room. Thanks, nice lady!The store is small but well laid out, and very organized. If you are a 'small' or 'large' size, I'd almost recommend -not- going though... they have a HUGE selection of 'medium' tops, and a very good selection of size 4-10 skirts, but almost nothing for the large or small out there (whatever that definition means to you).Their workout clothes selection is small, but growing, and they have great brands-- mostly lucy, but others as well. They also have a variety of sizes in the workout section, so it's worth a look.Luckily, I'm a medium size (thanks, body!) and I found a lot of great stuff-- everything is in excellent condition, and the reviewers below are NOT joking when they say this is quality, name-brand stuff- Banana Republic, Ann Taylor, Inc... just a few examples of the stuff PLRG has!Unfortunately, I only made out with 2 blouses-- really, the price got to me. This is NOT anything against PLRG, I just didn't want to spend any more money on things that I wasn't like :-D about.I recommend following PLRG on Facebook-- they post multiple times a day and, if you see something you like, you can call them and request them to hold it for you until the end of the day.If you happen to have some free time, make a day of it! Get some tea or a coffee at Luci's around the corner, shop and/or consign at PLRG, and then (after you're done trying things on), get a cupcake at the cupcake place next door! Hooray for 16th St. and Bethany!I'll be back and hopefully will find more things that make me go :-D!
2	I finally had a chance to check PLRG out, drove across town since I had a day off, storefront not very visible driving by, parking very limited and difficult (as I left driving thru back, I think they have entrance and parking). My friend and I excited to find a new place were disappointed, as we entered no one greeted us. Very small.  Very boutique style, bird cages, etc. We looked around for 20 minutes and neither of the 2 staff did not acknowledge us.  There was only one other customer, so it wasn't like they had too many customers to assist.The clothes were nice  enough quality, only had a few pieces in each size, prices were just ok, you can get new on clearance for about the same. The jewelry was nice, could get at a local art fair, or Esty, for better price. Clothing was for 35- 40 +.  After not finding a sundress, thought we would still try their other location, it may have different items and is not too far. I said to my friend, in front of the counter and staff, thank you I didn't find a sundress we are going to try your other store. They never said goodbye or bothered to tell us that their other store was  temporarily closed. Hope they are more friendly at other store. I would not find it worth returning.
5	What fun shops! I have recently visited both locations for the first time, and I enjoyed my shopping experience very much.  First of all, I met the owner, Kat, and she is lovely, very kind & personable, along with all of her staff.  Everyone working there was courteous & friendly & helpful.  Secondly, I love the selection of labels & styles.  Very, very cute stores, can't wait to return for more shopping.  Plus, they are always posting new arrivals on Facebook which is nice.  I highly recommend this business!
4	The selection is small but carefully chosen. I pretty much find something every time I stop by. The staff is VERY friendly, appropriately attentive, and have great eyes for style. I adore this little shop for the excellent selection and variety, and also because it's a "pretty" boutique. They've done a great job with creating a bright, vibrant, and cute store!
5	Sweet ladies, running a stylish, fun little shop with an active facebook page. Great shoes and bags. My only complaint is that there are little to no plus size selections for us girls with big butts. But, with used clothes, it's hard to cater.
5	Cute little store. I love going here to find new treasures. They get new stuff in all the time. A lot of nice brand name items. My 2 teenage daughters love this store, I have never left this place empty handed.
4	PLRG!! You are still a 4 in my book, but that doesn't mean I don't love you! I DO love you!Updates for the fellow Yelpers: PLRG's 'large' and 'small' sections have expanded GREATLY! If you are anything less than a ~6 or higher than a ~10, you do actually have more options! HOORAY!!Also, their workout section has expanded as well, and it is TERRIFIC. I didn't buy any athletic clothes because I enjoy wearing my disgusting old college t-shirts to the gym, but I did peruse the section and found it to be well-stocked. Yay! Lulu, lucy, Nike, I think I saw Adidas but I can't say for certain... lots of good name brand stuff.Their shoe selection is phenomenal- I almost walked out with a pair of beautiful boots, but lucky for my wallet, they were a size too big.As usual, their purse selection is, in my opinion, the best part of the whole store. I could not resist one of their purses, so sorry to my bank account... but it was so worth it!One recommendation: SIGN UP to receive their emails and 'like' them on Facebook. They post their newest acquisitions on Facebook throughout the day, which is how I first fell in love with my newest purse. So this could be a good thing or a bad thing... anyway, loving PLRG, just wish I had more money!
1	You should have some type of back up payment form for when the iPod swiped does not work. I have plenty of money just now on both my debit and credit card account and was unable to purchase any if the products I wanted. This shop had officially lost a customer, I suggest going to simply posh. Better prices and MUCH friendlier with all the same clothes. The owner even buys specialty clothing items from Cali to sell exclusively in her store. Screw PLRG, go to Simply Posh on Glendale and 12th st!!!
5	I'm a husband who fetches stuff for his wife from both of their stores.Considering what I would have to drop for some of this stuff new, I am greatly appreciative of this place.  They also have lots of cool jewelry stuff.Nice & friendly staff.
5	Wish there were more places like this around- can't beat buying designer clothes at cheap prices! Can def find some good deals! Shop is adorable and the staff is friendly and upbeat. And I love that they support local businesses by selling handmade products.
4	This place always has cute clothes, plus the owner is super nice and very helpful. Great clothes for a great price.
4	I've passed this store many times but decided to take a look inside today. Staff is very friendly and will tell you more about the store. They were doing a fundraiser for Red Cross and if you donated (literally pocket change), you could receive 20% for items 10 days or older and more for items 30 days and older. The dates are located on the tag so you also know how long an item has been in the store. Items include handmade jewelry and "gently used" clothing items including shoes, purses and belts. I was happy to see such an array of sizes, including plus sizes. The store itself isn't huge but they do have it laid out well. I noticed a lot of the clothes came from Banana Republic so mostly name brand here. I did end up buying a cream colored shawl for $14. As a tip, some of the clothes did have signs of significant wear and small holes so look over clothes really carefully.I liked this store mostly for the customer service and staff- they are really helpful and great! I would come back to check out what else has come in but I personally didn't find much my first visit to try on or even buy. May be a hit or miss type of place.
5	I realized I've never reviewed this awesome local business, so here's why I love it!I have shopped here at this uptown location at least 4-5 years. Some of the staff has changed of course, but one thing that's always been consistent, is how sweet and customer service oriented everyone is. I always feel like I'm walking into my sister's closet- not that other store by the same name, but as if I had sisters who were always enthusiastic about helping me find the perfect outfit from their selections. In earlier days, I often saw Cat at the store. She owns PLRG with her husband, John. I saw John several times as well, to give you an idea about the types of people who own this charming boutique. They weren't absent owners, they were involved, hard working, and were quite frankly, just beaming rays of sunshine. Wonderful people. If you've had the pleasure of meeting them, I am certain you would have the same impression. They are working on big things up north. If you are interested in their family, and the reason they moved (it's a touching story) you can read about them on the PLRG website.I'm also a consignor, and it's a very easy process. No appointments necessary. I feel the payout is fair, as it also reflects prices if you were to purchase something cute! Everybody wins. Their social media presence is fantastic as well. I enjoy seeing the latest and greatest items on Instagram. You can even call the store to reserve an item if you see it online. Sometimes, you definitely want to be stalking ig, because the handbag of your dreams could be within your arms for a phenomenal price! They're also on Twitter and Pinterest. They carry handmade items in addition to top brands. There's always a unique selection of accessories and jewelry. Some items are brand new. I have stopped in on my way to a themed party and found the perfect headband/hairpiece/idk what to call it but it was gorgeous. Another favorite find was a vintage Gucci purse.The email newsletter is always to the point with great tips about sales and what's most popular at the moment. Also, they are very involved in supporting different charities and volunteering, from Red Cross to our local PF Changs Rock n roll race, to the Ronan Thompson Foundation and more. Inside the store itself is very cute, well organized, well stocked, and full of temptation. There are every day clothes, weekend wear, party dresses, business casual, athletic wear (Nike and Lululemon , etc) and a couple of surprises. The location is fantastic. Literally a smushing of delicious restaurant choices surrounding, and maybe a couple of recommended watering holes as well... It's on Bethany Home just west of 16th st, on the north side of the street. Next to the Garage. There is another location in Arcadia at 36th at and Indian school.If you haven't shopped or consigned here before, I highly recommend it!
4	Having to go to Grand Canyon University once a year, I make it a point to stop by here once on my trip to check out the racks. Both times, I have been able to walk out with some goodies. I think the price is a bit high but the clothes all seem to be in good condition.
5	LOVE this boutique! The owner was working when I came in, and was so sweet and attentive. Her staff members were so helpful as well. I saw a coat listed on Instagram I had to have but couldn't pick it up for almost 24 hours. The sales associate held it for me until the next day, even though there were four other women who wanted the same coat. Great staff, great inventory that is extreme great quality and in style. I will definitely be back, and will highly recommend both locations to my friends and clients.. I'll also be bringing in my gently used designer items. :)
