5	Really cute shop and the yogurt is divine.  It is within walking distance for us, so we go quite a bit.
3	The shop is really nice and friendly (both in decor and service).  They have a lot of flavors to choose from as well as toppings.  The price is borderline high in my opinion.  I only give three stars because I don't like the flavor of their yogurt.  But the kids love it so we keep going back.
4	Not a bad place. Small, colorful (the Ikea Klippan sofa with the retro orange cover made me chuckle) and a decent set of toppings. The kid loves it as a treat after having a meatball sub from Subway just across the parking lot. I still miss Yogurtland (Whaler's Village, Kaanapali Beach, Maui) which had sugarfree (much better for you, just in case you didn't know) and far better peoplewatching outside *8-) And I miss Ritter's. My kid calls this place Yogurtland, which it ain't. But if your pancreas still works fine and you don't mind redlining it and risking type II diabetes, knock yourself out.Reply to Joe B: Didn't know that! I'll check this out next time we go.. possibly this evening.
4	Pretty cool Yogurt shop!  Not a concept I have seen before with the whole serve yourself action, but I really really liked it!  Great selections of flavors and the toppings were amazing!Clean restaurant, and the I have to agree with Jake's review that the folks running it are very nice.  Helpful is the word I would use, but hey you are working with deserts, why not be happy right?  : )Yeah, i am sold.  We will probably not see The Golden Spoon nearly as often as we used to.  Hello Yogurtz!  : )
5	Closed.
4	Nice place, helpful staff to figure out the system. Free samples to see what you like. .39 an ounce.
4	Well, Joe the owner was right. Went here again a couple of nights ago. The joint was truly jumping. Lo and behold, not only was there sugarfree yogurt, but it was macadamia and white chocolate chip (my favourite flavour of cookie!) For the first time I had a cup of their yogurt, along with a sprinkle of chopped peanut and almond. About as good as you can get from sugarfree, I guess. Once again the kid loved it, and so did the wife. Forgot to mention - they have a loyalty punch card, buy ten and get one free or something like that. I think I'll be regular enough now to warrant keeping a card in the wallet, even if I don't personally indulge on each visit.
5	Self serve frozen yogurt? What's not to love? Great selection, excellent taste, and a toppings bar that can't be beat! We come here regularly and for those of you looking for a good fundraising location, yes, they do offer fundraising for non-profits! Will be back soon!
4	Nice clean shop. They had my favorite flavor(macadamia) and it was super delicious. The girl working when I went wasn't too friendly though. Didn't even acknowledge our presence but it's a nice setup.
4	Here's an oxymoron..Got cookie dough sugar free yogurt. A perfect combination for me cause finally they got a good flavor and is the healthiest you can get when having a craving for sweets for those whom are aware of their health and fitness..
4	It's not a bad place! Reminds me of a yogurt shop we use to visit when we lived in Cali! It's a self serving yogurt bar, everything is at your expense. So you can't complain! They charge you by weight, and tends to get a little expensive. But that's OK, since you can build your yogurt any way you want!! The location is very clean, always offers a wide selection of flavors.
5	This is my favorite local place to go for frozen yogurt.  The yogurt flavors and toppings are rotated on a regular basis, so even though we go weekly, there's always something new to choose from.  The fresh fruit toppings and nuts are a nice change from all the candy that other places put out.  I haven't tried anything I didn't like and I love that I can check on flavors and complete nutrition information online.  The shop is super clean and well run.
5	Delicious yogurt and very friendly staff!
4	I'm such a fan of FroYo.  To have this place a short walk away is a nice neighborhood perk.  A decent verity of frozen yogurts, huge selection of high quality toppings, reasonable prices, and a friendly staff make this place a winner!  They also have a loyalty club, so be sure to get a card.
5	This is the best yogurt shop I have ever been too! The flavors are delicious and I love that they change frequently. The topping selection is the best! Love the fresh fruit selection and the staff is always to friendly! Defiantly will always be a loyal customer here!
2	What happened to Golden Spoon that was here in Surprise? Guess they're only in the "East Valley"..Scottsdale etc. Now that's QUALITY frozen yogurt. This yogurt is very icy, meaning they've added too much water to the mixture to save money. Compare this to Golden Spoon and you'll see the difference. Better quality for the price and amount of yogurt at GS. Won't be back here...
4	My family loves going here.  The prices are great and based on the weight.   I wish they had a bigger selection of yogurt though.
5	closed!!!!!!!!!!
