5	Found her through Livingsocial and I am glad I did! I'm very picky about my Brazilians and she is the best that I've had so far in Vegas. She's thorough and uses the correct waxing techniques for your private area, along with an excellent quality hard wax. I don't mind pointing out if she's missed a spot because you can tell she really cares and wants to make sure you are happy. She has a great deal on touch-ups so after your first Brazilian with her, you can get them for a lot less (I forget the price, just ask her for her menu). Another thing she does well are eyebrows. Before her, I only let one lady touch my eyebrows and she's all the way in El Segundo, California. Now, I don't have to worry about waiting until my next trip to Cali to get my eyebrows shaped perfectly! Lora to the rescue! She's funny and talkative and knows how to make you comfortable immediately. She's claims she has years of experience and her work definitely proves it.Lora is affordable, thorough, and easy to book. You can text her or call her, the first time I called her and left a message and she got right back to me. Now I just text :)
1	I wish I could give this place no stars.  I purchased a Living Social deal for her services based on what I read on Yelp.  I tried calling the number listed on the Living Social deal and left messages for her, but received no calls back (This was last week and still no return phone call).  The website I was referred to in order to schedule appointments (styleseat.com) didn't even list my deal in order to select an appointment time.  I thought that I could just select the Groupon deal that was listed, but apparently she is sooooooo heavily booked that I couldn't even schedule anything early this week when I checked LAST week and called last week.  I'm leaving Las Vegas, so I can't even use my Living Social deal.I have never had such a terrible time trying to use a Living Social deal and I can't get a refund even though I haven't heard from this chick for two weeks because I purchased it a month ago.  Living Social told me to just try to handle with Lora, but I'm tired of trying to call her.I wasted $35 on a Living Social deal that I can't even use now and I don't want to use.
5	The ultimate Love / Hate relationship! I have to remember to arrange an outing with Lora so I can enjoy her company for once. We talk, as all salon life does, but seriously, when it is all getting ripped off, do you actually remember anything? I have not known a more personable person ever and I recommend her without hesitation. Lets face it, it's your "who-haw" and ladies are meticulous. No sweat, Lora wants you to be happy and she has no problem accommodating any correction on the spot or later. I am quite private and definitely a perfectionist, which is not always an easy scenario to deal with, but Lora has always been very easy going and really values the business of  word of mouth. There is nothing I can't ask her about waxing, she is aware of all the different styles, etc. My daughter and her friends, all teenagers who wanted to have bakini waxes, were beside themselves with embarrassment and uncertainty. Lora gave them a good deal, made them very comfortable and as I understand it, she got three new clients that afternoon. The prices are very fair and the service is impeccable.
