1	What is wrong with gas stations these days? We aren't paying them enough money for their gas and their over-priced goodies? I'm not even complaining about gas prices. Originally I thought I was going to get a great deal at Breez Right In... but oh no, they sneakily screwed me. How considerate of them!I looked up cheap gas prices on Gas Buddy, my app on my phone. Usually it leads me to the cheapest gas in my area, and this time it showed me Breez Rite In, with Regular Unleaded at $3.29. I was pretty stoked to be paying under $3.30 per gallon so I zipped on over. Per usual I checked their MAIN GAS SIGNAGE for the price (you know, the big one all gas stations have?) and it said $3.29. Sweet deal, I thought. I also searched for a Credit/Debit card fee and saw no signs noting it.When I got to the pump I swiped my Debit card and the machine asked me if I wanted to pay Inside or Outside. Errr, well outside of course, so I selected that option and away went my pump. As I stood there I started examining the gas station because I'd never been there before and then I looked at a digitzed money amount above the pump - IT SAID $3.34 a GALLON. W. T. effing F!!! I was pissed, but my gas tank was almost full.So as I'm getting ready to storm in and give them a talking to, I see a tiny sign off the main road noting "$3.34 SELF SERVE"! You've got to be kidding me! So instead of being out-right charging people who use debit cards instead of cash, they sneakily place a small, small sign, not anywhere you can see it, and say it's some convenience charge for using your card at the pump.This was just the most infuriating thing to happen to me in a long time. I've learned my lesson though. The gas industry is evil. Always has been and always will be. They will try to screw you every which way, so you better watch out.
1	Stay away.Drug addicts, homeless and other unsavory people accost you in the parking lot.They don't give you the cash price for paying with a debit card.Pumps don't take credit cards!!!!!They don't do fill ups on credit cards, you have to tell them how much inside and then pump the gas if you don't use it all you have to get a credit refund. It's a pain in the ass.It's 2013 people, pay at the pump is de rigueur (along with keeping your place clean and free of vagrants).
2	Not a super fan. Not a super hater. Definitely not the best area. It looks old and you often have random stragglers hanging out.What I do like about this location is that they sometimes have the cheapest gas for the east side of town. Their marquee sign clearly states that prices are for cash/debit. However, if you swipe your debit card in the gas station it will not give you that price. You have to go inside and have the cashier ring you as a debit in order for those prices to be applicable.A pain in my butt it can be, especially when I don't want to go inside or deal with people but I guess if I want the cheaper gas - it is a price I have to pay.
