5	This place is great! Lots of great stuff, and priced to move. And I mean really, REALLY priced to move. My husband could have spent days in there looking around (his words), and it's great to have a place like this in the community where you can not only drop off leftover supplies and hardware (or countertops, cabinets, doors, windows, sinks, you name it!) that's still useable so that it doesn't go to the landfill, and also for picking up odds and ends for a building or remodeling project. I have a very strong inclination to say that we'll be back!
4	This place totally rocks. It's like a Menards thrift store. You can get a huge mirror for $10. The selection changes constantly, so if you want to find a treasure, you might need to hunt patiently. There's no website for inventory because things turn around so fast it would just be a waste of the volunteers time. Speaking of which, they are some of the most cheerful people I've ever seen working retail.I bought a pedestal sink from them with a faucet attached for $30, and I've repainted our bathroom with "oops" paint that cost me about $5. We bought tile for the backsplash in our kitchen for $20.Oh yeah, it also feels pretty awesome to not have this stuff end up in a landfill, since there's little wrong with it, other than someone didn't want it anymore. Everyone should check this place out, homeowners, apartment dwellers, artists, woodworkers, interior designers, everyone.
2	OK place and i will probably try them again, however, the down side is that their prices are somewhat high and some cases comparable to new stuff on sale at Menards or Home Depot.If you intend to pay more for a good cause, then it is OK, however, if you are looking for a good price on used and reused items, that is tougher to find at the Madison restore.I miss the st vincent depaul dig and save, they used to have building materials for good prices and i used to donate to them but they stopped selling building materials.The Madison restire also does not carry the same variety as other restore stores, they will actually refuse certain types of items ...again, i will probably stop and visit occasionally, but my expectations of a good deal are much lower.
3	I didn't think this place was as great as the other reviewers did. Yes I believe in the principle of reduce reuse and recycle, however I'm not so willing to reuse 1950s 60s 70s & 80s style home materials as I am those with  actual vintage appeal from the 20s-40s. I was hoping to find the latter but found only the former unfortunately.  There was a small amount of current items available as well.  My husband found some wooden shelves for a good price.  Like any other thrift shop I'm sure it's hit or miss.  It's for a good cause & great for the environment so I would say check it out just in case you might find what you're looking for.
3	As much as I am a huge fan of the west side Restore, I am less inclined to sing the praises of the east side store. If you are looking for hardware and bits & pieces, this is your store. Additionally, I've found most things here to be older (the dated kind of older, not the hip sort of vintage...) and of not-so-pristine quality. There are deals to be found, sure, but they are few and far between. This place runs on donations, so I'm sure the fact that it's surrounded by older homes plays a big part in the selection. But, I'd still like to see a better modern selection.
4	Upswing in furniture recently which has made this my go-to before St. Vinny when it comes to looking for random pieces to add to my pad! The staff is lovely, quick to help me load things in my coche, and prices are unbeatable for pieces that are in really great shape. Nabbed a desk recently for $20 that's super solid and looks swell in my space. You might have to bounce around to a few ReStores before you find what you're looking for, and you have to wade through all the tile, cabinets and random pieces of wood. But you're down to do some digging, stellar furniture finds await!
4	I love the idea of this place but honestly, my feelings go back and forth.  I really like being able to find decent home items that needs a little love. However, I wish there was a little bit more furniture. I know they can not control what they get, but the store seems to be filled more with tiles and fixtures. It is like a Home Depot version of a ReStore. Still, I love it. I love the idea and I love the prices.
