4	Charity shops are super trendy these days, which is great as means more money for the charity. I feel Salvation Army have stayed true to being a charity shop and not jumped on the "vintage" overpriced bandwagon. I mean lets face it, the appeal of a charity shop is the cheapness, so paying a lot for an item because someone says it is vintage does not appeal to me. So I quite like this little store for that reason. It is a bit of a mish mash so you have to hunt around a little but there has been some good finds in here at a good price. The staff are pretty friendly and chatty too which is a bonus.
3	Never one to come out a charity shop empty handed, I naturally didn't leave here without a bag.As Amy said, charity shops have become increasingly popular. Is this due to the recession, the surge for vintage authenticity, or both you wonder?  I'll put that to the panel, but for whatever the reason, the Sally Army always seem to be on top form when it comes to their stock. I don't know if they are charmed with luck from all their donations or they employ volunteers who know what they're doing, but for whatever reason this store is just as good as the others I've been to.They had a good, clean collection of clothing, ranging from contemporary to old cosy cardies. They also had a good sale on their jackets, which always comes in handy in Scotland. They had a ton of books, but I was most charmed by their collection or ornaments which were all very kitschy. I stopped myself from coming out with someone else's gutted out attic treasures, but it was difficult lemme tell ya!Don't know what it is about the Salvation Army, but all their stores seem to be magic.
5	I give all charity shops 5*, because their cause is great. The Salvation Army is no exception! The Salvation Army are a great charity, they're brilliant at what they do and so I support them in any way I can. Even if I'm just looking around, I like to come in here to show my support. They are really helpful in here, maybe a bit too helpful. but good nevertheless.it's your typical charity shop, they sell anything and everything they can and it's all for a good cause.
3	Of course this is for a great cause and it's definitely worth checking out if you enjoy sifting through charity shops as you might just come away with a little gem. For me, this branch of The Salvation Army was a little bit too cramped and I was getting a little bit claustra' as I was pushed into the teddy bear corner by an elderly couple who were barging past everyone and were blocking my exit. The small shop had a lot of customers and I was relieved to say the least, when I finally found my way out.This shop isn't as well organised as some other branches of The Savvie Avvy and I guess that's probably due to the fact that it's so small and they have so much stock. Their stock is extensive with everything from cuddly toy sharks, to little tea sets and coasters. There's a good selection of clothing, books and CD's too.
3	Nice little shop and still very reasonable price wise which is becoming ever rarer in todays charity shops/wannabe vintage boutiques.Often seem to have discounted rails of clothing which are uber cheap.The Salvation army also have been doing a scheme where if you fill up a bag of donations in exchange they give you a little voucher to spend in store.
2	This charity shop is generally okay and the staff seem to be doing their best to make it a good environment. Unfortunately sometimes it's more of a jumble sale than a retail store. Perhaps lack of leadership is the issue here. In addition there is one staff member in particular who can often be seen and heard arguing with and chastising others which doesn't create a great atmosphere.
