5	Well, O'Connor's is out of the loop for me since I live in TempE. I hate to even have a couple beers and drive that far home(-1). With the legal limit being lowered because they couldn't get enough convictions at .10, it's  sad, sad nation that continues to wage war with it's people on so many levels.On to the good times. O'Connor's is a pretty nice pub right off the 17 at the Dunlap exit. All in All O'Connor's is a good place where, as the sign says, "You're only a Stranger Once" The long bar seats around 20 and there are tables, high top tables and booths also. There's a great mural on the wall listing the Counties of Ireland with a stage for live music in front of it. The standards: Pool table, Jukebox, Smoking Patio(with secret back door smoke spot) and some Bar Food in CrockPots(Free Food Baby). There's always a Rollins fan there and when I'm there, 2 of them. The bartender's have been pleasant enough and on weekends there is table service. They have a nice selection on tap, Guinness, Smithwick's (monk bear, yay), Samuel Adams ($3 bux all the time) and Bass, BASS? I once went in an Irish pub called The Pour House in Carnegie, PA and ordered a Bass and was admonished by the bartender "That's an English Beer and this is an Irish bar!" So I looked up at the bottles on the shelf and ordered a Corona :DEven though I  took a star for distance, I will not hold that over their head. That's my own quirk, not drinking and driving, ha. They still get 5 stars.
5	Killer entertainment, good pub food, GREAT beer and nice people.AND FREE WIFI!
4	Went here for a drink of guinness with my cousin who used to work at this place, and I must say I like the place.  It is more like new Irishy, while I was in the day, I can imagine the night might look crowd and full of happy people.   Talked to one of the girls that work there, Sioban, and she was nice and friendly.  Would come back again.
4	I'ts good to see people say good things about this place. I've been a regular for years. Real nice joint, friendly folks, great beer . They'll even give you a drink on your birthday. Slante!
3	I have lived right behind O'connor's for 6 years now, and until recently had only been there a handful of times. They have added some great local bands like Paddy's Peg Leg, and Shaneiki ( I can't spell their name). Really enjoy being able to go in and spend 40 bucks and need to call a cab to get home. I was really let down by the cover charge on St. Patrick's day, I know that it was a special event and all, but we got there at 1pm and didn't have to pay a cover and our table spent quite a bit, but at 5pm when we wanted to add someone to our table, they had to pay a cover... kinda a bummer when their web site says "no cover, ever". But I will gave them 3 stars because the cover went to charity. Overall, great place to meet up with some old friends and have a nice relaxing evening.
4	I'm the Duke of this place, so I know.I love this Pub, most people think being a pub means it serves food.  Not true, traditionally, pubs were drinking establishments, and this is what O'Connor's Pub is.  Sometimes people bring food in though.The drinks are on the cheap side and good, Guinness comes in 20 OZ pints, are are cheaper than other places around.The bartenders and Jukebox are what make this place shine.  The jukebox is among the best in the valley, anything you want from classic country to punk rock, and of course good Irish songs.  The bartenders are super nice, but won't put up with any shit.  That is what I like about them! Oh, and don't forget the live music - Dirt Music Express are awesome, and so is Shay Veno.
5	Great local pub with live entertainment every weekend. They have a handle that rotates local seasonal beers and they have a unique selection of bottled micro brews. Something for everyone; music, darts, pool table, drinking songs and pretty amazing bartenders. They say no cover ever but on St. Patrick's Day they do take a donation for the Susan G. Komen Foundation. It's a great cause and who doesn't want to support Breast Cancer research? You gotta love a Pub that gives back to the community. The bar slogan is true: "O'Connors Pub, where you are a stranger only once" I highly recommend.
4	Interesting little place. You can tell it caters to the locals as many people seemed to recognize each other there. The bartender was very friendly and quick to get us our beers. Clean bathrooms for the ladies and amusing signs posted throughout the bathroom. There was a live band that was good when they were actually playing. Most of the time we were there, they were goofing off a bit and talking to others patrons using the microphone. No food served, just plain alcohol sauce (not a complaint, just an FYI for others).
4	Nice local bar near the Sheraton. Beats the hotel bar any day.
5	Another great night out.  The bar was busy, the band rockin' and the bartenders happy to serve as always.  Not quite sure what some of these reviews are talking about.  This is a pub that does not offer food, they don't advertise that they do so of course the food selection wasn't good, I'm not sure what they expected.  I have never encountered a homeless person pan handling outside and I have been coming here off and on for the past 20 years.  Homeless people are a fact of life in the big city, they are on every corner.  The former cranky Thursday night bartender is no longer.  Stop in, Thursday night is dart night and a good group of people.      I witnessed something very special last night.  A new customer dropped a $100 bill and one of the regulars picked it up and gave it to the person who dropped it.  It could have been an easy $100 for the person who found it, but not in this pub.  In this pub everyone is treated like family and their slogan "where you're only a stranger once" is as true today as it was the day the pub opened.  5 stars for honest patrons, keeping local and just being an all around good pub.
3	A typical divey Irish pub. The service was quick and friendly. I did enjoy the selection of Irish beers on draft, including a well-served Guinness, which doesn't come along often.I'm not completely sold on the place, maybe I just came at an odd time (Friday at 4 pm), so it was almost empty barring a few regulars. I'd like to give it another shot when it's a little more rockin', especially to try out the shuffleboard.
5	Love going to this irish pub with friends and kicking back a couple of beers. Bartenders are always nice and polite also. I was also there for a dress up party around Halloween and had a blast!
5	O'Connor's is a wonderful local Irish bar. The bartenders are all super friendly and make some nice, strong drinks. I echo the comments below on the well poured Guinness, too. They have a great selection on the jukebox and also have a variety of bands that play there.  The regulars are cool, too - they make you feel welcome.  I make a habit of stopping by whenever I am back in town.
5	O'Connor's Pub is a hidden gem.  They have the best St. Patty's day celebration with great people, drinks and Irish music.  But I love the everyday atmosphere at O'Connor's.  They welcome everyone and the bartenders pour one heck of a good Guinness (correctly poured of course).  It is the kind of place I can swing by for Happy Hour or a Saturday night and know I will have a good time with friendly people.  There is a darts league I've seen before that I've always wanted to join too.
5	O'Connor's is a great little Irish pub where their motto "Where you're a stranger only once" is so true.  I was introduced to this pub about two years ago by my sister and haven't left.  This is my home away from home.  I truly fell in love with the atmosphere, the people I meet, the bartenders and management, the great bands and the little history lessons of Ireland that I receive once in a while.  You will definitely have a great time when you stop in during Happy Hour any day of the week or even during late at night to hear the great music on Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays.  O'Connor's is a place that I definitely recommend to all my friends ever chance i get. Stop on in and enjoy some good craic (which means news, gossip, fun, entertainment, and enjoyable conversation, particularly prominent in Ireland).  Slainte!!!
5	Siobhan, Mike, Donna, Shay - thanks for allowing the Tecmo boys run a mini-tournament on Sat 7/27/2013.  All the participants loved the atmosphere, Shay helped pick up pizza for us, Donna was ultra awesome behind the bar, and there were some solid competitive Tecmo Super Bowl games going on.  The poll with all the players is that we'd like to have the next tournament at O'Connors and I don't doubt we'd get the same hospitality like this past weekend.  Thanks a lot again.  Mike you better play next time.Link to the Tecmo Super Bowl forum on the tournament:  http://tecmobowl.org/topic/55874-phoenix-az-072713-arizona-mini-tournament-proehl-bowl/
5	They are the perfect place to stop for a drink. I spoke with the bartender and found that most of the stuff you see in the bar is actually from Ireland. The coolest part....the map that you will find on the back wall. If you are irish you can't miss this.
5	Great vibe. Good friendly people. I might be a little wasted writing this but I'm happy wasted. Great selection of drinks. Glad my good friend dragged me here tonight. I'm going to defiently feel it tomorrow.  Come join the fun
5	Great place! Friendly staff. Good music and awesome beer selection. I reco Bells two hearted ale!
5	We ordered their lunch special and Laura did a great job! Yummy with extra care.
4	I came here twice: once on Halloween and on December 5th. Both times were great! They had a live band playing which always has a nice touch. The drinks were served up quick and cold. There's a nice seating area outside where you can have a smoke, enjoy a cold beer, and still listen to the live music. The atmosphere is great and the bartenders are super friendly. It's definitely a place that once you go there, you're gonna wanna come back!
