4	I wanted to end 2012 on a high note. In reality I ended 2012 on a high summit.  My original plan was to spend my ultimate hike of 2012 climbing up Frenchman Mountain. As the weekdays turned into the weekend, I thought that I could use just a bit more warming up before I returned to Frenchman Mountain. Lone Mountain would be my ultimate hike of 2012.   I have always been enchanted by Lone Mountain's setting on the Valley floor right off the 215.  This is one exit where nature dominates. Whenever I drove on the 215, I had been curious about this mountain that stands to the east of it between Lone Mountain and Alexander Roads. After doing my research, I was confident that  A) this would be an awesome hike and B) Lone Mountain deserved to be a hiking listing on Yelp.  The best way to describe Lone Mountain is visualizing an oval with the long sides being vertical. The oval would be surrounded by Alexander Road to the south, Jensen Street to the east, the 215 to the north, and Vegas Vista Street to the west. Between the roadways is a trail circumventing it with some homes sprinkled in. The top left of the oval (northwest) would be the Vegas Vista trailhead parking lot with the hiking trail to the top of the summit. On the right side of the oval is Lone Mountain Park.  I am a worrier when it comes to leaving my car in isolation. Especially when I am climbing up a mountain. Regardless that the closest parking facility is where Vegas Vista dead ends, I added extra miles to the hike parking at Lone Mountain Park. This gave me the perception that the people walking their dogs, spending time with their kids at the playground, and picnicking (maybe I should write a review on Lone Mountain Park) were extra eyes. The extra time that I spent walking on the perimeter trail halfway around around Lone Mountain provided me with nice pictures, an introduction to Lone Mountain, and anticipation. On the walk back to my car, I hiked the other segment of the perimeter trail. I enjoyed  looking up at where I just hiked, and seeing more of Lone Mountain. Prior to walking on the perimeter trail, I was unaware that Lone Mountain has trails leading to caves. I would not notice this if I just got back in my car. Sundown is the best time for an extended walk around Lone Mountain on the perimeter trail.  The best way to describe the hike on Lone Mountain is that it is two hikes. Hike one took me on an east ascent to the lower summit. There is a bench (with graffiti) to sit back end enjoy the view. On the right will be hike two, which is up the south accent to the higher summit. If I was really up to it, I could of walked higher and reached a third summit.   Lone Mountain is no joke. I am so happy that I brought along a hiking pole. It literally saved me from some falls. My hiking philosophy is that three legs are better than a broken leg. Throughout the trail, there are steep inclines with loose rock and gravel. In some spots, the rocky steps require a hiking pole. For the record, there are spots on Lone Mountain without a barrier to prevent a fall. If the weather was warm, I certainly would of brought along water. Vegetation is relatively nonexistent on Lone Mountain. On warm days dehydration is another concern.   The view from the top of Lone Mountain is so worth the hike. I came to the realization that the views from the shorter summit is just as good as the higher summit. The only flaw was that I could not see the south valley. Most likely if I kept climbing to the highest point, I would look down on all of the valley below. What I saw was breathtaking views of the Strip, downtown, and the north valley.   I give Lone Mountain 4 stars. Thanks to Lone Mountain, I ended 2012 on a high note.
5	Lone Mountain looks small but it's bizarrely difficult to reach the top and get down without falling. Congratulations to DANIEL S. for being the 1st man on Yelp to conquer this mountain.Every night, a rescue helicopter circles the top of the mountain with a light to see if there are any hikers who have become stranded.  This is a dangerous hike and many people get injured. When I reached the summit, I could not believe there were actually memorials  set up for people who didn't make it to the top. I had an interesting conversation with a lady I met on the summit, she told me a story about how a lot of people had fallen off the steep ledges because of the loose rocks that slide the moment  you step on them. She also told me that people have attempted to drive their dirt bikes up the trail and have fallen to their deaths. To make things worse, when you get to the last 500 feet, the rocks are razor sharp. I am not even exaggerating, my shoes were completely shredded after the hike. I can't imagine tripping and falling onto these razor blade rocks. There is an "easy" trail they set up to get to the summit, but it's not technically easy. On the other side of the mountain, they have a much more difficult route that requires you to actually use your hands to climb. About 30% up the mountain you will find a park bench. I'm not sure who put this here. The bench is badly vandalized by pot heads and there are usually tons of empty beer cans, bottles, and smoked blunts surrounding the area. Once you get to the very top of the mountain, you won't have much space to stand so you gotta be careful. It's a great view, to the right you can see the Red Rock and Summerlin areas. Directly below you, you can see Majestic Park and the North West territory. To the left, you can see Providence, Centennial, and Aliante. You can even see all the way to Sunrise Mountain. And on a really nice day you can see to that area where Railroad Pass is.During my hike, I witnessed countless grown men give up at the half way point. But oddly, a group of 9 year old girls easily  made it to the top and they weren't even breathing hard.
5	I've often used this mountain as a quick workout as it's not far from where I live. You can find all the details of the hike at http://www.birdandhike.com/Hike/Other_Areas/Lone_Mt/_Lone_Mt.htmIt's a steep 600 foot climb. Hiking poles would come in handy as there are some really steep spots where it's easy to slip on loose rocks. The climb up is not too dangerous. Most slips will only result in scratches and bruises but watch your step at the summit. The top is very narrow a slip here could be disastrous. Make sure you bring plenty of water. I'd avoid hiking this in the summer as there is absolutely no shade any where.
4	I first hiked the Lone Mountain Trail in 2005 and I have just driven by on my way to other hikes until today.  Our Las Vegas city gym was closed because of Labor Day so a friend from the gym and I decided to do the relatively short Lone Mountain hike.  Except for the humidity of the monsoon season, the morning was perfect for hiking.The hike is in what I refer to as three sections--Levels 1, 2, and 3.  Level 1 is at the first landing, the first saddle, where there's a bench for taking a rest and enjoying the view.  For some people, that's as far as they go and that's OK.From here, the trail goes up wonderful limestone rock for the most part with a minimum of gravel or scree of any kind.  At the end of this section, you arrive at what I refer to as Level 2.  From here, it's one more push until you get to the top and you can fully enjoy the views of the Las Vegas Valley.Looking south, you see Summerlin and Red Rock Canyon, to the west the Spring Mountains, the the north the Las Vegas Range with Gass Peak and the Sheep Mountains beyond, and finally to the eats you get views of the resorts along the Strip and Frenchman Mountain on the east side of the valley.Find a not too sharp area at the top, have a snack and some good conversation, and then return the way you came.  You can come to the peak by either the east or south sides but that should be reserved for experienced hikers because the drops can be fatal if you slip and fall.The easiest access to the trail is to take the 215 and get off at Cliff Shadows Parkway.  Go north on Cliff Shadows to Alexander Road, make a right and head east to vegas Vista Trail which is the last street before Lone Mountain.  Head north of Vegas Vista and there's a parking area at the end of the street where they've put some concrete barricades.  From here, the way is very evident to the trail.PS:  Be on the lookout for bees.  They are generally more active in the spring but it pays to watch where you're walking.  In May of 2012, a man was stung continually as he was going to the peak.  It was estimated that he was stung about 300 times.  He was able to dial 911 from the peak and was rescued by helicopter and survived after being in bad shape for several days.  There used to be a sign warning about Africanized bees, but it is now missing.  Just be alert!Happy hiking!
4	Great view from the top. Be careful though cause there is alot of loose rocks and a lot of sharp rocks on this climb. If your not experienced then take it easy as u go up. Worth the trip when u see the view from the top. Bring some water for the hike and enjoy
5	This is a really easy mountain to climb and I love the view at the peak. I would definitely recommend hiking here for fun :)
5	This was a great hike. I'm not a hiker at all so it was somewhat difficult for me. Getting up wasn't the problem. Getting down a whole different story lol. Has great views of the valley. If your an avid hiker should be easy.
5	I'm literally walking distance from lone mountain. Love it! Climbed it once and the view was breathtaking. Would love to do it again! Would recommend to anyone as long as you're not afraid of heights! ;-)
3	Right across the street. To be honest line mountain  itself is not much of a mountain but a large gray rock; if you want a hike worth your while just drive the extra 20 minuets and go to red rock.
4	Lone Mountain is a nice little hike. It is not difficult if you use the trail on the West side of the mountain. It is still a good work out. The footing is fairly stable most of the way up so you can run up the trail if you so desire. The East side of the mountain is a climb. There is no trail. I only did it because the first time I went there I did not bother to look around the other side for a trail.
