1	Last December after quiting my job I quickly needed something to pay the bills.  After having trouble on my own I decided to test my luck with a temp agency and let them do all the selling for me.  I went into their office to have a sit down with one of the reps, which consisted of me telling my rep what kind of job I would like and the wage I was willing to work for.  I then spent over an hour  taking tests to figure out my customer service capabilities.   After I finished my tests there at their office I was instructed to go home where they would be emailing me links to take more tests of my knowledge of programs such as Outlook, Excel, and Word.  That took about another hour.  So now I have spend 2hrs taking tests for these people they are sure to find me a job right?!  WRONG...  Days went by, weeks even started going by, thank god I had a holiday job..I did get some offers but nothing that was worth working for. Correct me if I'm wrong I did tell you the wage I was looking for when I spent an hour at your office did I not?!?! I gave up hope on Apple One and found the job I am at right now and going strong.  Apparently they don't update their system that often and have recently started emailing me about job possibilities again.  I gave Apple One 1 star because they didn't help me at all.  Instead they wasted my time which I'm sure I returned the favor and wasted their time!  They did help me a bit though by getting my butt into gear and doing shit on my own!
1	I went to the Apple One location at 1337 S. Gilbert Rd. The office was very unprofessional and the staff ignored me and left me waiting for long periods of time. I too had to spend a couple of hours taking tests, and actually had to make a seperate trip to go back into their office for a one minute test because their system was not working. My "recruiter" was actually their regional manager. She informed me that it would take 24 hours to a week to find a position. After about two weeks I had received only one email, which was for a position that I had not said I would be interested in doing. Every time I called to check in with her, the person that answered the phone would say she was there, then after telling her who it was they would come back on the phone and say she was in a "meeting"... I've worked in plenty of offices and I know that one. Besides that, I had seen the set up of their facility and she didn't have anywhere to GO to BE in a meeting! Then to top it all off, she called my current employer for a reference when we had specifically talked about her NOT calling them!! I watched her write it down on the damn application and yet she was dense enough to still call them. I gave her my business references, which when I finally got her to call me back after 2 phone calls she had completely forgotten or lost the information, so I had to give it to her again. All I have to say is what a complete IDIOT!!! So unprofessional,  unorganized, and lacking common sense. Not only have they not found me a position, they have jeopardized my current position before I've had a chance to find something new!! If I could give them no stars, I would have!
1	They are very unprofessional. I had recieved several calls about a job but it was for someone else. They had my file crossed with someone else. I would call to tell them they have my info mixed up with someone else they just blew it off. They never sent out my resume and never touched base with me. I joined them in October 2011 and it is now January 2012. Good thing I kept pursuing a job on my own because I ended up getting 4 offers on my own. Don't waste your time with this company because you may lose out on a great job offer.  Good Luck!
1	At first when I went to this company the only problem I had was the receptionist. Extremely rude with a bad attitude. I decided to let that slide because they found me a job very quickly. (The next day...and started a week later). Well, several months later, after becoming permanent with that job and no longer part of Appleone, I decided to leave but unfortunately the next job concealed many things about their desires so I was jobless once again. So seeing I've had experience with Appleone I decided to try them again. After 3 weeks of trying to contact them, phone calls, face to face visits, trying to get back in contact with the person I worked with originally, I always got the same response: "Shes in a meeting, call back in an hour." Or "Shes in an interview, call back in an hour". So after several times of doing this, I was told something about a "power hour" where they wont take calls. This was very strange to me but I went along with it and called 2 hours later instead. AGAIN I was faced with the same responses of "Shes in a meeting". So finally I decided to ask if there was anyone, ANYONE else I could work with because it is very inconvenient that Im constantly told the same thing every time I call and am getting no assistance. I was told "Im sorry but there's no one else we're all really busy." At that point I maintained my composure and politely said "Ok, thank you." and quickly hung up. Only God knows what I really wanted to say, but I know how to keep things professional regardless of emotion. I gave this company ONE star because they do NOT help or assist like the claim to do which is very unprofessional. Of course they will do the standard procedure of "I can take a message if you like." But whats the point if they NEVER get back to you. As I even stated to the receptionist. I am glad I see their true colors now, reading over other reviews AND even statements from the job I had which others received from Appleone also. I would always hear small stories of how messed up this company is but never really saw it for myself until now.
5	I have been enjoyed my experience with Apple One.  They are very helpful and involved in making sure you find employment. Heather is my favorite she has helped me a lot in finding employment that suits my experience. I would recommend Apple One to anyone needing help in finding employment.
1	Would choose 0 if I could.  I was placed in position by them that I complained several times about.  The boss is a prick.  He offered me permanent employment at $.20 higher than my temp pay.  He is intimidating and neurotic.  I let the women know this in a 4 page letter with specific examples and they told me to take the job anyway and they'd help me continue looking for other employment but not to tell the employer what we discussed.  Nine months later, they still refuse to help me with other opportunities.  They do not care about their staff.  Just the bucks they cash in.
1	!!!!!Wow!!!!!  THE number of one star reviews for this company is amazing!!My brother passed away about one month into my assignment.  They didn't not allow me to take time off!!!!The nerve of them...they keep sending me emails asking if I'm interested in a 10.00 position.........Avoid all temp agencies if possible people!!!  You're just a number with a these people.  They get a commission off you during the 90 day.  THEY DONT CARE IF YOURE HAPPY IN YOUR POSITION OR NOT!!! THEY DONT LISTEN TO THEIR EMPLOYEESAVOID THEM!!! AVOID THEM!!
