1	I am very disappointed with this practice. I would not recommend them unless you need allergy shots. This appears to be all they are really interested in doing - quick and easy. I developed several allergies (food and environmental) after never having any, and I visited them for testing. They sent me to a lab for blood tests, but after multiple calls and several weeks I could not get them to provide my results. The medical assistant said the physician was on vacation then said the doctor was really busy but would call soon with the results - it has been several weeks now. Meanwhile, the office has called me 2 times to try to get my to sign up for allergy shots, but the persons says they cannot provide my results because the physician must do it. Very frustrating!
4	This was my first visit to this doctor for my son. I have to say I was impressed and very happy with the visit. When we first called it unfortunately took 2 weeks to get an appointment, but this is a specialist so appointments are a little harder to get. When we arrived the office staff was very friendly and informative on what was needed and how long it would take to get back to the doctor. Once we got back to a room the nurse came right in and got all of my sons info and took his vitals. 10 minutes later the doctor came in to disucss what was needed to run the allergy tests on my son. He was very nice, professional and personable. My son was very comfortable when the nurses came in to do the tests and it only took 15 minutes to get the results. unfortunately we didn't figure out what was wrong with my son, but the doctor gave us a few options on what we can start with. I am hoping the medicine he recommended will help my sons nose clear up and not keep constantly running 10 months out of the year. I would recommend this doctor to friends and family for I felt like he spent a good amount of time with me and my son to help us figure out what might be wrong with him and what he could do to help figure it out.
1	First appointment we ever had here my daughter and I waited two hours past our appointment time. We finally left, it was ridiculous.
1	Unprofessional, unethical and childish!! Three words to describe this so called medical office!!Never would I recommend such an unethical medical office like san tan allergy and asthma! I am forced to give this allergy clinic one star since it will not allow me to choose zero.  The ethics involved in the billing and business practices are without a doubt the worst I have ever experienced. They made errors in billing our insurance for services and expected my family to pay the difference because they refused to correct the mistakes and re submit the claim to the insurance company. We informed them that we would gladly pay the difference as soon as the bill was correctly submitted to the insurance provider. Instead of doing what was right, they simply sent our balance to a collections office. The total they wanted was $88.00. This shows how petty and irresponsible this allergy practice is. They do not care about the patient and the rights of the patient. They only want their money and will not ensure that you are billed correctly! Run away from this allergy practice before they send you to a collection office!!!!!! It is the worst medical practice my family has encountered!Don't bother talking to the office manager Steve either! He has a very bad temper and will throw a tantrum like a child! He will yell and curse until he gets what he wants!! Very pathetic behavior for a manager!!
