4	4.5 starsOk....I just had the most amazing facial there today....I never experienced anything like it.  And my pedicure rocked also.I don't think I picked a better day to have a little relaxation.  I rode almost 24 miles today (I swear it was all uphill) and I had the worst pain in my legs.  (Yes, I did stretch)  My pedicure was great...Shannon does a wonderful job....though now I have straight line syndrome with french man/pedicures.  Since I hate it that they have to use latex gloves, I couldn't tell at all that she was wearing them when i was getting my massage.  AND!  She actually made my feet completely soft and dry skin free.  That alone is a miracle.  Then I had my amazing facial.  Where do you get a facial that they put your hands in parrafin wax, massage your legs (I did complain about my pain....) and give the most relaxing neck, shoulder, and head massage ever?????  Laura is amazing...and she does a great job with waxing also.  I found out today that you don't have to be a member of Lifetime Fitness to go there...and I did hear another rumor that rocks...but I don't know if I should say it here....
5	Hey guys :) so I really wanted some featherlock extensions and couldn't find them anywhere!! Finally I found out that the Life Spa at Lifetime fitness had them. Random?!? Yes. I found a couple other places but they were too expensive. So I decided to give Life Spa a chance. I was reluctant because it was in Life Time Fitness and not an actual Salon standing alone. Anyways I really liked it there. I saw Jessica. She was GREAT! really friendly and easy to talk to. I had my hair colored black and got some featherlock extensions! I LOVE it! I wish I had some more feathers but I just couldn't afford it yet. other wise I would recommend it!! Ask for Jessica!! :) nykki
4	I thought it was time to write about the amazing facial I had at Life Spa with Bethany. My skin felt great from all the wonderful products, my shoulders and scalp felt great from the awesome massage, and my wallet felt great from using my new member ticket!Everyone was very kind and professional -- from the girl that greeted me to Bethany to the girl at the front desk who asked me how everything went. Two things I thought were really great:1) Life Spa doesn't use bottled water. They instead offer you filtered water in a real glass. I dislike those mini bottled waters and I think they taste worst than filtered water. 2) My scalp massage. My brain felt like it was on vacation for the entire facial. So relaxing and so wonderful.
5	I've had a massage and a pedicure here, both of which were great. Prices are a bit high for regular visits (used a new member discount), but if you're willing to pay over $30 for a pedicure, it may be worth it. Pedicure area has 1 chair and the technician is not full time, so although the experience is a private and quiet one, you'll definitely want to call ahead of time and schedule an appointment. Very serene and relaxing environment (you forget you're in the middle of a large gym), and the staff is very friendly and attentive.
5	I have been coming here for 4 years and have always had excellent customer service. Bethany has been my Esthetician and is fantastic. I won't let anyone else do my eyebrows. And her facial is so relaxing! This girl is the bees knees!
1	Do not go here for a manicure/pedicure.  I was seduced by a $20 off coupon and am still regretting it.  Although the staff greets you with a smile and offer of a beverage it quickly went downhill from there.This is not a relaxing atmosphere; it's very noisy from the large opening into the lobby and floors above. It did seem clean, I'll give them that.The nail tech has been doing this reportedly for a year.  I left with a sub-par manicure and more importantly a blister and raw skin on my heel from over aggressive filing.  I actually pulled my foot back purely by reaction to her rough work....after already asking her to be more gentle. I received a request for a review directly from Life Spa and reported the above mentioned and have yet to hear from them.....not cool!I would not recommend this salon.  The prices warrant a much better experience and qualified technician.
5	I have had massages all over Az but I had the greatest massage ever here. Just wow. He's a male massage therapist. Look for his name Arron.
