4	One more to my favorites! If you're a meat lover well that's the place to go! Funny employees, funny menu and a really nice and cozy ambience. The service is fast and personalized to your liking. And good for your wallet! What else do you need to good there!
2	Situated within the trendy Centropolis, Jack Astor's is ready to stake its claim in Laval. Did it?Sadly not.DECOR : You can't help but notice how huge this place is when you walk in. This restaurant has two floors to discreetly seat and forget about their clients. There are large comfortable booths available in the middle that will make you more visible to them. The bar is huge as well and the staff very vibrant. The decor is warm and modern with lots of space around you so that you never feel crowded. An interesting concept this chain of restaurant has is that they allow you to write on their table with crayons made available at each table. I tried to write "SOS, hungry!" but it didn't help me get my food any quicker. Every table is covered with a disposable carton paper cover that serve as a temporary drawing board instead of the traditional cloth covers most restaurants have. This concept was quite useful for us during our visit to pass the time.FOOD :After some contemplating I ordered the Holy Smokes BBQ Burger while my wife ordered the Mediterranean Chicken Focaccia. My burger ended up being quite fantastic and well selected by my part with the meat being incredibly moist and savory and the crispy fried onions did their magic to my palette. Every bite got better and tears formed in my eyes as the burger quickly evaporated from my greasy fingers. I don't know what else is on the menu but I'd go back simply to eat this burger over and over again.My wife's selection however was mightily disappointing and she left half of it untouched on her plate while she watched her husband destroy a defenseless burger barely a foot away from her. She offered me a bite of her sandwich to make me understand why she didn't enjoy her meal and I had to agree, it was pretty disgusting. I had to immediately wash down that horrible taste with another bite of my Holy Smokes BBQ Burger.She contented herself with her fries.My side order consisted of onion rings and I generously offered them to my starving wife, as they were done... "just right" with a hint of crispy while still retaining the moistness inside the onion.She was appreciative.Lastly on the subject of food.... kudos to the store providing an excellent dining experience by still allowing their patrons to order sodas not normally offered elsewhere. Vanilla coke? Yes, please!SERVICE :This is where things complicated. The service was very disappointing. This is putting it mildly.Initially, we were served quickly. We were seated down, asked for what drinks we wanted, she wrote it down and then she took off. We did not see her again for 15 minutes. We initially spent the time chatting about things, then playing with our iPhones as we waited.. and when she came back, she did so without our drinks. She corrected this by bringing our drinks within 2 minutes in a fluster. We then ordered our food.... and then we waited one hour for our food.This is unacceptable. This type or service, no matter how busy you are, should never be allowed if you don't want to earn the reputation they have been earning in previous reviews. This service sucked. An hour for a burger? Seriously?We spend the majority of our time drawing on the table to eventually playing tic-tac-toe and hangman and making fun of the service with other tables who were in the same situation.No excuses were made by the staff, no arrangements. The ignored us completely. Just terrible service all together.When the food was served, I quickly asked for the bill as I didn't intend to wait 30 minutes for the bill when I finished eating. I only had to wait 20 minutes.Seriously?I should be thankful my plates were warm.PRICE : It's hard to justify 15$+ for a burger but the burger was well worth it. Expect to pay 60$ for two people. It's not cheap, nor is it expensive. It depends how much you're willing to pay. The value is about right for a fancy restaurant of this kind.BOTTOM LINE :I give Jack Astor's 2 stars. The only reason was because the burger was so excellent that I cannot in good conscience give this restaurant 1 star after eating such a delight. If the service were great, or even average, I would have given this restaurant 4 stars even despite my wife's poor meal.The service was abysmal. Terrible. Unacceptably bad.But the burger was so good that it could have ended wars, I'm sure of it.Try this place, preferably when the staff can do their job adequately.
2	honestly, it's not fantastic. For a place that serves up bar food, it was really disappointed. The burgers were average, the portions were small  and the staff were confused. There's nothing much else to say besides that. Next time I want a burger, I have a better chance of leaving happy if I went to Mc D's
2	I stopped into Jack Astor's the other night because it was late and the place we were hoping to go to was closed.  I had never heard of it so I didn't know what to expect.  It was a slow weeknight so I was surprised when I walked in to find dance music blasting.  I'm not really sensitive to loud music, but it was annoying to have to shout at my coworkers sitting across from me.  I could see this being acceptable on a packed Friday or Saturday night, but on a weeknight with nobody there it didn't really fit.The service and the food were both average.  I ordered the really really big meatball which was one half-pound meatball served on a small pile of spaghetti.  It was okay, but relatively boring.  There wasn't too much on the menu that was appealing, it was mostly typical bar food.  The beer selection was decent.I'm not really sure what Jack Astor's is trying to be.  They look like a sports bar with their large TVs, but have the feel of a club with their loud dance music.  I typically love sports bars but I wasn't a fan of this place.  I would likely only stop in here again if we get out of work late and it's the only place open.
3	I went to the Jack Astor's with my kid and my parents on Saturday night.  It was around 8pm and the place was packed (no surprises, last game of the regular season for Habs!).  Food is ok, but pretty much what you would expect from this kind of place.  The kid menu is very good and different from the traditional pasta/pizza/chicken nuggets kind of things.The employees shirt messages are an experience in itself!
2	Came here with a work colleague and was surprised to see how big of a place this restaurant was!  I ordered the Vegetarian pizza.  It comes with an assortment of vegetables with arugula and balsamic glaze on top.  Pizza came out and the first thing I noticed was the amount of garlic on the pizza.  So while I was eating I continually pulled off garlic pieces (as I like garlic but don't need to eat the equivalent of 5 bulbs for lunch!) as there was WAY too much!  There was a hefty amount of arugula on top but less balsamic glaze.  Flavour was okay but the chef really doesn't know hoe to do this pizza the JA way!  I've eaten this pizza while in Ontario and it has been spectacular.  Not this over garlic'ed version here!  Restaurant was a bit louder than my liking, as you really had to raise your voice to have a conversation.  Restaurant was not full either.  It would be a stampede of noise here on a busy day!  Server was attentive and polite but my experience was not the best!  With so many places here in Centrepolis I don't think I'll be back unless I have to!
3	Nice ambiance, good efficient service, place looks good. Food was good and came out hot. We shared wings, nachos and some garlic cheese fries. I wasn't feeling my usual picky self. Ill give it another try for a real meal again since i felt neutral about it the first time but it's a nice go to place for drinks & finger food and hanging out.
2	Way to geared towards families. Try and go for a nice dinner with your date and they sit you beside a table of 10 screaming kids. The food is okay. Typical franchise type food. Nothing local. Nothing fresh. Terrible place to watch hockey. They don't play the game with sound considering how big and amazing the bar is, I find that pretty stupid. The waiters are usually great. The hostesses are terrible. Zero customer service from them. Its more about a fashion show and talking with their friends than caring about people coming in. I rather go to Boston pizza than jacks.
1	Been to the one in Dorval and I had been disappointed and actually stopped going but when they open one in Laval I was quite happy and decided to give it one more chance. The first time I visited the place was at the beginning and we got beef nachos and jerk pork and both were horrible. My trusted blue lemonade was ok and so was the cyclone.I thought maybe it was bad because they had just open so I went again last week (over a year or more since they open) and it was pretty much the same experience.We got bad and slow service the waitress messed up our drink order and they took 34 minute to come back with them. So we at that time ordered our food. We got regular nachos and they were decent, we got a pound of wing and those were not good at all they tasted old like they were reheated. We also got some fries with what looks like feta cheese on top and chimmy cherry sauce but they put so much garlic that it kept me up the whole night.So all this to say that I will not go back even if they open one the moon.
