4	Great show !!The hour and 1/2 with Wayne went by much to fast.....Most people agree that Wayne Brady is the best member of the "Whose Line is it Anyway" improv troupe on TV. His Las Vegas show does not diminish that idea at all. His comedy is great, the jokes are so fast you are laughing off the last one when the next hits you. His singing talent is amazing !The night I went the people he picked from the audience were so lame - he gave them simple tasks and they could hardly speak. If someone with some guts got up on stage this show would be hilarious. Wayne plays off the people he selects and if they help him out it would be a great show.The only part of the show I did not care for was the tribute to Sammy Davis Jr. at the end, but after all it is Vegas so I guess it could be considered OK, but it was just not for me.The bar going into the theatre serves up some fine drinks and that adds to the enjoyment of the show.A smaller theater adds to the closness of the audience to the show and I do not think most  audience membersare far from the stage.Wayne Brady is well worth your time - it just seems to go by at a rocket pace .......
4	I was very surprised and impressed with Wayne Brady.  I thought it was just going to be stand-up, but it was pretty much all improv, with much of it being musical.  Dude, Wayne Brady can sing!  I am so impressed.  Don't want to give too much away, but his show is definitely a good deal for the price you pay - I think first row ticket holders get to meet him after the show too.
2	I think that the show lacked organization and it wasn't very funny. Allot of the show was impromptu type comedy.. And I'm not sure if it was the people he picked or what but it was not really funny. I thought that he is very talented and he has an amazing voice but it was weird because we i wasn't sure if we were there for a concert or a comedy show or to watch crappy dancers... I think that the show has alot of potential but minus all the BS.. he needs to tell jokes and the audience needs to laugh.
5	I thought the show was funny. But for some of the improv where he picks people from the crowd, you better hope they have some kind of funny bone and can 'work with him'. If they can't, well, I think you know what will happen. More props to Wayne Brady because not only is he funny, this guy is freakin' talented. He can sing(he sand a couple of songs from his upcoming album), he can dance(he did some breaker moves!), and of course, he's funny. IF I had one complaint, I wish it was 75% comedy and 25% singing and dancing. It was more 65/35.
3	Ah, Wayne Brady... I like you a little less now.  No doubt, it was mostly fun, but perhaps my expectations were a little too high for this show.  In 2005, I watched a "Whose Line Is It?" spin off show with Colin Mochrie and Brad Shrewood for about $40 at a community theater.  The format of the show is pretty much the same: write suggestions on pieces of paper before the show, yell out ideas during the show, impressive improv, audience participation, lots of laughs, mad lib songs.  Everything, except the Vegas singing and dancing.  Mostly I didn't like that part because Wayne was totally pimping his upcoming album.  (Like my thoughts on Thunder from Down Under) if I wanted to watch a commercial, I wouldn't have gone to Vegas and paid a bunch of money to do so.  Also, having enjoyed the skits of Wayne on the Chapelle's Show (definitely showed the versatility of Wayne) and watching Dave Chapelle in person, I was expecting something slightly more crude.  Our seats were great, fourth row and near centered, but maybe not $98 worth.  Most everyone around us was falling out of their seats laughing.  Oh well, to each their own.
3	Ironic, but i  could nearly copy and paste the review right before mine and it would be right on. I have always adored Wayne Brady and of course Who's Line is it anyway. So when I begged my boyfriend to see that show while in Las Vegas, I was quite disappointed. It started off really well, lots of improv, some jokes, getting the audience involved (me included) Fun times. Then about halfway it turns into a song and dance only scenario. we were sitting in the front row way over by the side and my boyfriend and I agreed if you looked around the audience it was some sort of sleepy zombie world while everyone sat stone faced.  At first I felt bad for Wayne, trying to sing infront of such a somber crowd. But really he was just trying to sell his CD and at that point lost most of the audiences attention.
5	Was totally worth the $110 or so.It's a variety show so you get to watch him do what he did on "Who's line is it anyways", then you get to watch him sing and dance.  I'm pretty hard to make laugh, but his comedy portion got me laughing.  His singing/dancing portion, I didn't enjoy too much.  Still by the time it ended, I felt it was easily worth the money.As long as you don't pay for the VIP seats (~$170?) or volunteer, you won't be picked out from the audience despite what they at first so sit back and enjoy :)
5	Where do I begin? NO they do not pick people out of the audience before the show. Geez. Two. It's his show. Not Whose Line..Wayne Brady's show is phenonenal. Each night it is different. Before the show the ushers hand out a paper and you have to write a song title that doesn't exsist. Don't make anything lame up! Because he takes the song- title and sings a song with it! The guy is quick on his feet. There was some drunk chick from canada being annoying and he nicely blasted her but it was hillarious. Also he has his own album out which is great. He signs a few songs from it. It's not vegas-y. There are no showgirls. Just him and some dancers doing some hard core stuff. He can dance, sing, and act. This is what a true performer is. So well worth the money. OH! and there is only 15 rows in the theatre. SO it's small- and in a good way!
5	AMAZINGGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!  I've always loved Wayne, but this show just blew me away, I never really grasped the extent of his talent on his TV shows.  It blows me away how funny he his on his toes.  Very sharp, witty, entertaining!  I would do it again if he still did it.
4	This show was pretty good.  We had front row center seats so I got a lot of Wayne Brady smegma on me from all his dancing around the stage.  He was pretty funny and he put a lot of energy into the show.  Wayne did some stand-up, some improv, lots of singing and dancing and imitations.  Overall, a really cool show and I would recommend seeing if you are in Vegas and looking for a low key, funny and entertaining show to see --  to keep you off the Craps and Black Jack tables for a hour and a half.
4	Wayne Brady is funny. We had nice seats six rows up from the center, and never got picked on once. I can't say the same for a few other audience participation members. I love his voice and I loved the improv, but was left a little confused whether it's a musical revue or a comedy show. I guess it's both, which came across as a little jarring at times because I really really really enjoyed both aspects. Perhaps it could fare better as a comedic musical improv revue?LOVE YA WAYNE!
3	Do you know what a "time share" is? Okay good.  Let's talk about Wayne Brady and I'll get back to that in a second.Let me preface this with, I think Wayne Brady is funny, talented and awesome. I was excited to see him when my dad annouced that he had gotten us tickets.And honestly, the beginning of the show was fantastic - laugh-out-loud funny. It was located inside the Venetian which is a beautiful hotel and the theater is small and cozy - you can see everything clearly and the show started off with a lot of energy. The cast is totally talented - quick witted and awesome. If you love Who's Line Is It Anyway - you will love this show. Hell, even if you don't and just love to laugh, you will love this part of the show. There was made up songs, improve, hilarious innovative ways of incorporating the audience into it and making it original and unique every night. They say the show is different every time they do it. Now, here comes the weird part. After about an hour of laughing, Wayne Brady stops being funny and basically just spends the next 45 minutes dancing and promoting his new album. I don't know. This part of the show could have been integrated much better. I felt guilty because I wasn't really interested in his original songs, but it was obvious -- because he told us this - that he always had wanted to be a singer - he never sought out to be funny. I immediately had visions of Michael Jordan on a baseball team.It almost seemed like he struck a deal with the Venetian - "okay I will do this show and do a little comedy - if and only if I can spend the last 45 minutes with a crew of dancers doing covers of songs I like (Even if they're not that popular and promote my other works) I have no problem with supporting Wayne Brady's dream but as a consumer of his comedy, I felt a little bit like we had one "pulled over on us"Either way - the show was a blast for the most part and had it ended before the "musical revue" portion, I would have been happy as a clam. I think the show producers need to integrate the musical portion into the entirety of the show otherwise, it comes off seeming a little like Wayne Brady's version of a timeshare.
3	Wayne Brady is one funny guy! Lets break this review into 2:Improv - Amazing, was able to use the crowd throughout the show! At the beginning the crown was asked for some complicated words for Wayne to incorporate into a rap - hilarious! The most amazing part of the show was that he continued to reference parts of the show into other skits - truly a great experience.Wayne the Cocktail Lounge Singer - Snoooze....I am still waiting for Wayne to crack a joke about his own songs. If I knew Wayne was going to sing 4 or 5 songs from his latest album, and create an infomercial about it - I would have left after the improv! I felt a bit ripped off. I was hoping for the later part of the show to be the best!For shows in Vegas, the $60 was worth the first 45 minutes. The Brian McKnight / NKOTB / Wayne Brady show after was a bit too cheesy for my  blood.I would have given it 5 stars, but the lounge act bumped it down to a 3. WAYNE  - STICK TO IMPROV!
4	funny guy!!! hahah so funny, he makes fun of dave chappelle too... very good show, i think its all improv too... he calls alot of people into the show. this is one show i did not fall asleep in! 4 star!
5	One of the better improv comics I've seen live.  One of the better musical comics, ever.And he had apologized about feeling ill before the show.We weren't expecting the musical portion, as I didn't know he was serious about music (beyond his humourous song renditions), but it was a good surprise, and incredibly well staged.  We felt well entertained, and as if we'd somehow scored more than our money's worth.We paid for fancy seats, too, with a meet and greet after, and he not only came out after, but spent time with EACH of us in line.  My lady and I were delighted with him.All this, and nothing in the performance or afterward were any routines I'd seen him or anyone else do.  The man's improv is deft and live.  I will be seeing that show again.
5	Wayne Brady is seriously 1 talented guy. He & his co-star had me laughing so hard I was wheezing!!My friends & I got 2nd row seats, totally worth every penny. He even picked on me at one point & incorporated my answers into the next skit, woohoo! :-)I had read the reviews here about how he only does improv comedy for 1/2 of the show & the other 1/2 is singing. He did do that but it wasn't as bad as how some of the other reviewers made it out to be. A lot of his singing was actually improv & based on other singers'/groups' songs. So I count that as comedy & not a singing act. And he really does have a great voice & is just overall so friggin talented. I could never improv like that, I freeze like a deer in headlights!I would totally go see him again, he had me in stitches!!
5	Wayne Brady is seriously the %@it!!!!  But today, July 5th, is apparently his last show at the Venetian, which is a major, major, boo.   Hopefully he'll be back.Got to see him perform over the weekend and oh man, he is seriously one extremely talented guy.  I wish I had his quick thinking comedic skills.  Without ruining his act (in hopes he'll be back in LV) if you've ever seen that show "Who's Line Is It Anyways?" It's pretty much impromptu just like that and proves it too.I would've loved to seen him every night knowing who damn hilarious he is!  I'm seriously hoping he comes back!
5	This man is ridiculously talented. I really enjoyed this show, and thought it was a great deal for the price. He is funny, intelligent, and a great singer.
5	Great show!
4	I heart you, Wayne Brady!When I found out he was having his own show in Vegas, I knew I had to go! I saw this show when it was still at the Venetian over two years ago. It was about an hour of great improv! I liked how the audience was so involved with his show. And his singing voice is amazing! The venue wasn't that big either, so there wasn't really a bad seat in the house. The show was great but I think I liked him on Who's Line Is It Anyway better. His Vegas show might be gone, but at least I can see him every week on Let's Make A Deal. He's even better on that show!
5	Laughing so hard I couldn't stop. Loved this show! Would def go back and see it again!
