4	Needed a car wash close to work so I could get it done on my lunch break.  This little mom and pop operation came up on Yelp with a check-in offer and no reviews.  Deciding to live on the edge, I drove about a 3/4 of a mile to find that the place is one of those hand car wash places where customers put quarters in and wash cars with those wands with brushes that squirt out soap and water.  However, the stalls have been taken over by Valle Verde.  There were three people working there: a gentleman, a lady, and a younger kid--I'm guessing this is a family operation.  In about 30 minutes, the car was spic and span inside and out, plus the carpets were shampooed.  This is a CASH ONLY establishment so be prepared for that.  The trio did a great job and I'm happy to support a local business such as this one--I'll be back.
4	Was in a really bad need of a car wash. There are a few good shops I have gotten recommendations from friends about, but I live in Boulder City and dont want to drive halfway around the world to get my car detailed. I came across this place on a Yelp search. Saw it only had one review so I was a little suspect. But as of right now you can purchase a voucher for $50 in services for only $35. Their mini detail service is $50. So I figured if it wasnt that great I got a deal on it, and if it were good it would be a win. I went there around mid-morning at a slow time. Three guys working and he told me about 45 minutes. The mini detail entails: Hand wash, towel dry, wheel/tire treatment, clean and treat the interior, vacuum, and a hand wax. I have a black car, and it was noticeably dirty. In just under 45 minutes these guys had my car looking like it was in the showroom. I think I will certainly be returning again. I paid a few extra bucks to have them shampoo my floor mats and with the tip I was right at $50 where I would have started in the first place.
3	Groupon Deal. $22 for a $50 wash. Goes for the super deluxe and all thats included. Pretty far, considering we live in Las Vegas. Quiet area. Washed by power water by two people. One spraying, one scrubbing the sides and tires. Hand dried. Vacuumed. Carpets cleaned. Vinyl wiped down inside and outside. Whole process took approx 30 minutes. It was a super windy day, so took longer than expected (they said). its understandable. Free air freshener ! A few sprays from their fruity Febreeze can ! :POverall not bad for $22 if you want a quick wash. Still a person who would like to do it myself, even if it does take a few hours
4	When they say hand wash, it's true. No brushes like you see when you have the drive through washes. For the actual time, products, and care they take into detailing your car, it's a great deal. It's not the fanciest place, but what car wash is? They know what they are doing and don't just armor all everything in your car. They use specific products for the leather, vinyl, etc. I got the carnauba wax done and my paint felt sooo smooth. I will Definitely be getting this done at least 2 times a year. Check them out!
5	Excellent service, very thorough, and I would absolutely return if I lived in Las Vegas/Henderson. Interior was clean and shiny, exterior was impressive, and they did a great job on restoring my headlights.
5	purchased a yelp deal last weekend. My poor car needed a bath after being neglected for so long. I arrived at the car wash at 8am right when they opened. Was greeted by a nice gentleman and was told it would be about 45 minutes. I was I no rush so 45 minutes was no big deal. I was very impressed at the detail they put into my car. It looked so clean and smelled nice. almost brand new! 19 bucks for 40 bucks worth of service is an excellent deal! I will be back again for another wash in the future!
5	They cleaned my car great. Will be returning.
5	I find it really hard to give Valle Verde Car Wash any less than 5 Stars. Let's start with their prices. An exterior hand wash is only $8. The bargain really starts with their Deluxe at $20 and Super Deluxe at $40.  The Super Deluxe includes their hand wash, interior vacuumed, dash & console dressed, tires dressed, and windows cleaned in/out.  Valle Verde did a clean job, not a spot missed.  Interior was cleaned to perfection, not a crumb in sight.  Another huge plus is the 20% Yelp Check-In discount.  Jeez...all of this work on my car for only $16??  If you don't think that this is a deal, then try hand washing your car and dressing up your interior & tires in our 100 degree Vegas heat.  You get it?  Last but not least, I have to give props to the employees here.  I didn't deal with the owners, but dealt with Sal.  He was in charge and provided the best service, explained the rates, and gave me a good description of what each wash has to offer.  Carlos did most of the work and did a great job as well.  By the way, he's a Niner's fan and he knows who's got it better than us....NOBODY!!TIP:  Cash and Debit Only
4	They did an excellent job!  However,  when I produced the yelp coupon it was only good for everything but what I purchased.  Live and learn.. make certain you show the coupon prior to selecting a wash.  Otherwise. . Great!
1	I went to this place and I have to say I am not happy.  Although the two men washing my car were very nice and welcoming, they didn't clean my car good.  I got the 40 dollar deal for 22 dollars.  The inside of my car was clean but the outside was horriblex. When I got home I noticed that the car had these black stains all over.  They were like small spots.   It was dirt, so they didn't clean the car well.  I had to go home and take some time to scrub and clean the car.  It also had like glue on it and i just bought this car three days ago!  Very disappointed, I want my car to look nice but never again will I go here.
4	Got the Yelp Check In deal for 20% off the Super Deluxe bringing it to an amazing $16. Great deal in my book!Finally decided to get my poor Corolla washed one day and decided to give this place a try. Can't complain too much about a $16 hand carwash interior AND exterior. Solid place and I will definitely be coming back again. They have a little sitting and waiting area for customers while your car is being attended to. I was told my car would be about 15-20 for the Super Deluxe and it was pretty true to the estimate. There were a few blips with my car like a sticky (too sticky..) steering wheel from their product afterwards and whoever was wiping down my car missed a few spots which I had to point out before I left. Nothing too major though.
