5	I left my wallet in the cab after paying on a Saturday night.  There was little I could do because I didn't know what cab company took me home. First thing Monday morning I received a call at work from Union Cab saying they had my wallet including cash and credit cards inside.  It's nice to know there are still some honest people out there.  Thank You!!
4	Was on S. jones street and needed a ride back to the strip. Weren't any cabs so called this company. Wait time quoted was about 15-35 minutes, they came at around 12 minutes. Fast!
1	Never again!!! I called they said waiting time 45minutes I said okay I called again and they said they already sent someone guess what??! 2hrs nobody came I called to cancel and he said oh we just sent someone? Really so why the hell was i waiting for so long if u didn't send anybody? I'm never gonna use their services again... And the customer service is even worst... They don't deserve any stars.
5	My driver was friendly and courteous, pointing out the different routes I could take and how long they would take. I wanted to tip him but I had unfortunately not clicked the right options on the credit card pad. My driver was till very polite and said he understood. I feel awful that I didn't have any cash on me, but at least I can let others know about my good experience. It was cab 7775 by the way.
5	Best cab company by a lot.  Greg took care of us all weekend.  Arranged for a second cab because we had too many people.  I highly recommend Greg and this cab company.
3	Traveling from S Jones to the strip on a Sunday for brunch and rainy weather so not very busy which made for quicker service (but not by much). It took approximately 45 minutes and $20-from the time I made the call to my final destination. Driver was courteous. Car reeked of previous nights debacles. I'll try public transportation next time to see which is more efficient. I think it's time for Uber & Lyft to step in and provide us for possible better options.
5	Driver showed up promptly for a scheduled pick-up to get us to the airport, was friendly, helpful with bags, talkative (but not too much so), and gave us an experience worthy of repeat business. If you need a ride in the southwest part of Vegas or around the Strip, look no further.
5	I have used this cab company many times.  Never a problem. All of the other cab companies near my house are rated much lower.
1	I called this morning at 0500 to arrange for a 0605 pick up. The dispatcher was nice took my info and said it's too early to call so call back at 0545/0550 the drivers are close by. I called at 0550 needing my ride to the airport. At 0604 the taxi driver called me and said he's coming from Fremont. I asked for another driver and he was debating what time he thought I needed to be at airport that I need to wait and I can't have another driver. At 0615 stressed out fearing to miss a flight, I caught a ride from a neighbor on their way to work.  I called the driver to cancel and he hung up on me.He called me back at 0623 and said "it's not fair you cancelled I just got here at your house.  You're fucked up bc I told you I was coming".  I had already arrived in the airport tunnel.  The taxi driver continued to yell at me and shout that he's at my house called me a bitch and hung up.  I'm reporting him to the taxi authority and will never use this agency again. Happy thanksgiving.
1	Horrible! They told me they would pick me up in 30 min to a hour and a hour and a half later I call and they tell me there are no taxis still in my area. Then they call me 20 min after just to make sure I still want a cab and they will let me know when they find one! Now I am late to work! I don't understand how they can just have all the drivers stay on the strip all night. Or not send someone when giving a customer a time that they will be there. Horrible service. I can't believe UBER is gone! They came in five minutes everytime! They are such a great service these cabs are a joke!
3	I've used this company 2x to go from my house to the airport. Both drivers were nice and helped me with my luggage. No major issues except when they said 5-10 mins wait, its really 20-25 minutes. Give yourself buffer time.
1	This company sucks...avoid at all cost. 30 minutes let on a day before scheduled pick up time. Dispatch lies and just gives you BS. No call from the cabbie indicating he is late or even showing up. STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY. Don't understand the good yelp rating ???
1	Needing a cab around 9am this morning I called ABC Union cab at 8:20am. They took my info and said a driver would be on the way. At 8:55am I called ABC Union cab to check the eta of the cab. A lady answered and said a cab should be there any minute. At 9:10 still waiting on a cab I called ABC back and asked how far the cab was. Mark answered and said they were waiting on a driver to take my ticket. I was shocked. I asked Mark what have you been doing for the past 50 minutes. He replied looking for a driver. Then I asked him why was I told a driver should arrive any minute from the last person I spoke with, he replied I don't know. So then I said "you've got to be kidding me, I can call another taxi service". Mark replied that's fine I'll cancel the ticket and hung up. Great, now it's 9:30, I needed a cab half an hour ago and I'm stuck here waiting on another cab company. Now i know what ABC Union Cab stands for. A Bunch of Crap Union Cab.
