3	We had a pretty good time.   It's about $9.50 to get in and that doesn't include any tours or brochures to identify the butterflies.  We spoke with a very nice volunteer there that leant us his brochure (normally costing $3 at the gift shop).  He also helped us identify lots of different species of butterflies in the conservatory. Dress in layers.  The actual area where they keep the butterflies is very warm.  Luckily, you don't think about being hot because your distracted by several hundred butterflies.  The conservatory is very nice.  They have little creek and a few waterfalls along with lots of lush, tropical greenery.  They have a small section that you can see the butterflies actually emerging from the cocoons.  That was really neat.  This would be lots of fun if you had some younger children.
4	It is now called the Cambridge Butterfly Conservatory. Went on a WagJag coupon. Went with a friend and my son. Both loved it.  Best part was the window where you watch the butterflies coming out of their chrysalis if you were lucky. Would love to check out the one in Niagara to compare.
3	I guess as far as a butterfly conservatory goes this is a fun place to take a girl on a date or if butterflys are your thing. Admission is around $10 which is fair considering the quality of the conservatory with a rather large indoor area with all kinds of butterlys, moths, birds and educational features. It can be quite steamy inside the conservatory area on a hot and humid day so take that into account but there is a nice airconditioned indoor area which features extensive displays of pinned insects and butterflys with information. Staff and volunteers are eager to give you a hand and educate you on a few things if you're interested and I got to hold a cool giant stick bug. If you're going during the week expect the place to be over run by small children on class field-trips, although incredibly annoying it comes with the material I suppose. There is a small cafe inside where food can be purchased but the menu is very limited. Go at your own risk if you hate kids, otherwise its a fun educational time!
5	We walked in to the conservatory proper, and immediately I felt like I was in Eden. A pair of butterflies fluttered by as soon as we entered. A wave of humidity hit me and my surroundings all of a sudden became lush and green. I was stunned by the birds and butterflies that roamed freely throughout the small conservatory. It was an awesome feeling and there's nothing else like it! If you're still enough, the butterflies will obliviously land on you. There's an area where the butterfly chrysalises hang and, if you're lucky, you'll even see butterflies emerging from their slumber.
4	This is a great place to take a visitor or friend on a lazy afternoon. It's pretty self-serve, so you can just stroll around and enjoy the surroundings. I liked meandering through the museum part at my own pace, with no annoying tour guides or pressure. The conservatory is, of course, amazing. So lush and beautiful. The only downside is the presence of poorly-behaved children, but in 2013 there's virtually nowhere to escape that anyway.
