3	Probably one of the busiest Starbucks in north Scottsdale, yet they get the drink order right every time.  WOW!  You might not be able to find a seat, but you'll enjoy your well prepared drink!
4	I gotta give credit where credit is due:  for a corporate behometh sbux delivers.  They're not selling coffee but rather an experience - consistency, speed, friendly service, a good meeting spot, and free wifi.This particular location doesn't have great inside seating areas, but the covered patio makes it a little more appealing to sit and enjoy.  Best of all the staff is always happy and will turn your frown upside down.
5	I've been a regular at this Starbucks for about 3 years and I always leave happy! The staff is super friendly and always gets my order right...sometimes they have it ready for me by the time I get to the register! The seating may be hard to come by but the speedy and friendly service make up for it.
5	This Starbucks is one of the better locations that I have gone to.  They are always very courteous and they have never messed up on my drinks.  I understand that some people do not think that their prices are fair... Here's the thing.  You aren't going to Starbucks for a cheap cup of coffee.  You are going to Starbucks because you know the coffee will be of high quality, and you know that you are going to have a great experience.  Starbucks does not mess up, and if they do not fully impress you, then they gladly give you free drinks to rectify the situation.Always impressed, and always a happy customer.
4	An August summer afternoon in Arizona always calls for something cold to drink, even if you don't typically frequent the large chain coffee shops. But on this particular 104F day you won't be choosy, right? I was staying in the area and stopped by here while looking for another store. The baristas were friendly, and the place really clean. One thing I'll have to get used to in AZ is the misters -- on the patio is cool mist! A nice treat, even from the short walk from your car to the store!
4	friendly staff, fast service
5	I've been to many Starbucks locations, but this one stands out to me. Although it is located in a popular shopping center, it is somewhat hidden & not staring you in the face on a busy street corner like other locations. This allows the place to not be crowded, have plenty of seating, and give the staff time to be friendly & conversational with customers instead of just rushing you through the line of people.They started to make the wrong drink for me, but when they realized the mistake they quickly remade my order. I offered to buy the incorrect drink as well so it wouldn't go to waste, but the gal insisted that it was their mistake and included the 2nd drink on them.Needless to say, both drinks were delicious according to my girlfriend for whom I was purchasing the drink. And if this is the kind of atmosphere and service I can expect from this location they can consider me a regular coming here.
5	New Location. Huge inside with plenty of room for early morning business meetings. To date, the drive thru has always been too crowded so I usually just go inside. Even with a long line they move quickly. Nice patio outside too!
2	Stingy. Otherwise a nice location.I first want to begin by saying that I've been loyal to Starbucks for quite some time now. I'm on a first name basis with staff from a couple locations. Usually service is great at all the locations and they do a great job of accommodating your needs. You can trust me when I say I spend plenty of money with them.Today, however, they came off rather...stingy. They're having this promotion where if you buy a holiday drink they give you a sticker in this little book. Get 5 and you earn a free drink. I had two in one book and two in another and they told me that they won't combine them... I was assured by another staff member on the Shea location just a few miles away that they would allow me to combine the two...you could say I'm irked and dissatisfied. Also, I've never had a problem getting venti iced waters at any Starbucks location in Arizona or California. (Always with the purchase of a drink too...) Today, however, after paying 10 bucks for a pair of drinks that I was expecting to pay 5 for, I asked for two venti iced waters and the guy told me I could have two grande waters. I smiled and obliged but walked away disgusted with their service. Honestly, at 5 bucks for a damn drink giving away a couple iced waters to loyal customers is a drop in the bucket for such a large corporation... And what ever happened to the "Just say yes." policy? I expect more from them.Otherwise I like the location for how spacious and rarely crowded it is. I will likely be back to study here but if they continue to rub me the wrong way I will gladly take my business elsewhere... Not to mention how they've taken away some of the Gold Card member privileges. STEP IT UP SBUX!
4	This Starbucks is insanely busy and insanely efficient!I came here for breakfast around eight last week and found the place was hopping.  There must have been ten cars lined up for the drive-thru.  It's only a couple of months old.  Surprisingly, they were moving pretty fast.  Same was true inside as well.I counted seven baristas hustling. Some working the counter.  Most working the drive-thru.  Three were dedicated to this I believe.  It was impressive to watch.  I ordered my number 12 (free drink) and a sandwich. Even though I was going to take it to go, I decided to stay a few minutes and watch.  First, this SBUX is huge inside.  There must be seating for at least fifty.  Also, the WiFi worked great no matter how many folks were using it.  Another plus is the bar area with four or five stools.  It's near the drive-thru on the left as you come in.  You can sit, read a paper and observe.  Very nice.  Secondly, no matter how busy they were, there was plenty of time for the baristas to ask how my day was and carry on a conversation.  Normally, when folks are this busy, you want to stay in the background and not interrupt the flow of what they are doing with small talk.  Not here. They initiated it and were very friendly.BTW, those cars in the drive-thru?  They were blowing through pretty quickly.  Fastest I've ever seen in any drive-thru operation!
4	When I first walked in the first thing I noticed is this place is LOUD!  But, this is understandable when you see how large this store is!  I have been through the drive thu and inside and both are very efficient!  The product is exactly what you would expect at a Starbucks! My few complaints would be there leather chairs.  They look nice, but other then that, they are cheap!  I understand they wouldn't what to put the fanciest chairs in there, but give us something better!  Also,  there sitting areas can get very messy!  It seems as if they can forget were there!  I wish they would do a walk-around every so often just to pick up people drinks and news paper and whatnot.
5	Very friendly staff. The manager was really nice. She fixed my drink that another location Destroyed.
5	Obviously we all have "our" coffee places but I absolutely love these baristas. I always do the drive thru and am usually in a hurry, aren't we all? They always double check my order and are so pleasant. Thank you Starbucks for puttin up with even my worst mornin moods and always getting my complicated order correct and not rolling your eyes at me when I order it. You guys rock.
3	Parking during high traffic times suck.  The engineer who planned the property didn't think that part thru well enough.
2	The reason I am giving this place two stars because their drive-through is horrible. On several occasions I've waited more than 20 minutes to get my coffee making me very late for work. They don't seem to understand if somebody's order takes a long time to make have them move out-of-the-way. Today is the second day in a row I'm late for work because of their horrible drive through time. I know they're under new management.  They need to step it up
1	I stopped in here this morning to get a coffee and some thing to eat. The coffee was fine, the scone was fine so why the 1 star you ask? The lady in front of me was carrying some stupid little fashion accessory DOG. Yes a dog in a place that serves food. The guy at the register said nothing. When I got to the register I asked him why he didn't say anything to the lady. He shrugged his shoulders and said that he was new and didn't know anything. If a health inspector witnessed this they would have shut the place down. I hope somebody from Starbucks reads this and chimes in, there is no excuse for not asking her to take the dog outside.
2	Slowest Starbucks on the planet. Drinks are fine, same as all Starbucks. But don't go through the drive through, and don't think it will be faster to walk in.
4	I always get in and out pretty fast.  The servers have always been very friendly.
4	I love this Starbucks! The staff is awesome and they always make my drinks perfect!! The line for drive thru and inside can be pretty bad during certain hours a the day, so I do tend to just go during the non-busy hours or make sure that I give myself an extra 20 minutes to get coffee during the rush hour! Great selection for the at home Starbucks machine which I currently have and love!
1	Close to my house so always go there. Never once have they gotten our order correct. Wait times are always excessively long and the employees are not the brightest crayons in the box.
1	I have been to this Starbucks several times and I am the idiot for continuing to go back,  but it is on the way to work or almost every where else I go. This is the last time though. I waited 25 minutes to receive my order. After the excessive wait, I received my food and sat down to eat the oatmeal. There was no water in the oatmeal, just dry oats. At least this time I got all my food. Several times I drove away from the drive through without checking the contents and found out later I was missing a sandwich. It has gotten so bad that I am happy if they get my order correct after the third time. TERRIBLE SERVICE!!!
3	I have had a really mixed bag of experiences at this location. The last few visits the service has been fast and friendly. For a while I avoided this Starbucks because the customer service was so, well... crappy. It was hard to get a smile or even a straw handed to you, and it just wasn't worth going with two or three other locations within walking distance. Seems to be improving though!
4	We go to the Starbucks quite frequently after I go to lunch with my wife in Scottsdale. It's pretty standard as far as Starbucks go, and the drive thru service is usually quick, as long as there's not somebody ahead of you ordering a bunch of drinks.  I haven't been inside of this location, so I can't really comment about that. The biggest downside to this location is the parking lot. Parking is cramped and the people who do park there don't pay attention when they're going in and out of spaces, making for an occasionally dangerous trip. This isn't completely due to Starbucks, as it is a generally busy plaza. There have been a few occasions where are drinks have been made incorrectly, but the staff is always apologetic and willing to correct it right away.
1	Filthy.  Urine on bathroom floor, puke on the toilet.  Floors are disgusting, an inch of dust and dog fur (yes, people bring dogs in here) under chairs.  There is also a nice A-frame sign out front welcoming Barrett Jackson Auto Auction from 6 months ago.  I don't know what happened to this location because when it first opened it was nice.  I have not ever been in a more unkept Starbucks.  Sad.
1	4 minutes per car in the drive thru, messed up an americano (literally just espresso and water), had nothing in stock. Worst Starbucks in town.
3	I enjoy going to Starbucks...they do have good coffee and everyone is always friendly. But... I really want them to have almond or coconut milk. Because they don't I would almost prefer to go somewhere else... I know it's nothing to do with this individual store at all, I'm just wishful thinking! That iced Americano is totally Savin my life this summer though you guys.
2	Slowest place ever!!! No matter if you go inside or wait in the drive thru, although the inside is a little quicker. I would have preferred to go across the street to the Target or Albertson's Starbucks.
5	Great crew at this Starbucks.   Always a great espresso.  It is a bit busy and the car warriors may be aggressive making it to the drive thru.  The hours state they are closed on Sundays but they are open.
