4	I've been to Pizza, Wings and Things 5 times now, and there it keeps impressing me.First, I'm very impressed with their pizzas. The smalls are reasonably sized, the crust is tasty, the sauce has a good spice to it and their ingredients are very fresh. They have high quality meats, though I don't like that they decide to use crumbled beef instead of sausage. The all meat is fantastic, and i'm a fan of the Popeye and Olive as a Calzone.Than the wings. I love the Bufaloos, they are super crisp on the outside, and moist on the inside. They are well spiced without being overwhelming. And the marination process makes them really well sized.If you go larger than a Medium pizza, the pizza can get a touch soggy, but a good reheating method makes it better. If you can get there for lunch and get a individual slice, they are great - Super crisp, melty and the corn meal dust is fantastic.If you live in the area, it's worth the short trip to pick up a slice, as well as the most fantastic wings in the area. I hope they are able to really make a push with their wings, while some slight tweaks with the menu will make them much more popular. They have supplanted my desire for any delivery places, and I'm going to see how custom they will get for me to make it perfect.
5	The pizza is awesome.  The crust is perfectly cooked and the sauce is amazing.  We ordered 3 larges and they couldn't have been any better.  The cornmeal in the crust is the key.  Did I mention the sauce was great?  Great Great pizza.  The best I have had. The boneless wings were great along with the cheese sticks.  I can't wait to try the bufaloos.  The owner, Todd is very nice.   I talked to him about his new business and he knows his pizza.  Everybody should try this joint out.  It is GREAT!
3	Its decent.  The Prices for lunch specials is great.  For a decent meal at a small price, I like this place.  The pizzas were just ok, but the wings are much better.
1	I don't know how this place is even open anymore. They've constantly put signs out front and even on the corner advertising deals practically giving their pizza away. I gave this place a try when it first opened around the corner, but one try was more than enough. When you're trying to grab a quick bite to eat on the way home from work, this isn't the place to go. Even for a cold pizza and calzone, I waited 30 minutes... that's plain ridiculous. The owner talked my ear off, not that that's a bad thing, but look dude, I wanted to be nice and support a local business, but once I left your shop and unfortunately tried your "food"(??) I was done.
