1	If you go here, I recommend paying cash, but if you must use plastic, especially debit, watch the transaction closely and definitely get your receipts. Also, check your statements if you often patronize the place. If you are not careful this character will bill you double.
3	Went here just to chill with friends. Place was empty when we came in at 8, but quickly filled up - it was jam packed within the hour. Good music and good fun, although I wish they had a bigger location or more areas to sit. They charge $5 for entry and $20 for a hookah. Workers kept watchful eye, and were good company.
1	I'm not sure how this place stays open as it's always empty. The lounge is ok but not very atmospheric. The prices are decent if on a budget. Otherwise, go elsewhere.
1	I seriously made a Yelp profile just because I wanted to warn people about this place! They are totally over priced, which probably has something to do with the sneaky employees. I'm pretty sure they make up their own prices as they go along. Not one time, have I ever paid the same amount & I've always purchased the same two things!! I probably wouldn't mind paying more if I had a good time when I went in there but their attitudes are just as bad as the prices! Save your $ and go somewhere that appreciates your business.
1	Rude service last time I was in to get flavor and coals "what you want"- besides them having a poor selection of flavor they also had nothing but a junk selection of coals! Only stopped here because it's open late compared to most "smoke shops" on this side of town. If it's the day time, drive up the street in the walmart parking lot - Mo's is much better!
5	Recently stopped by Kaizads after a long while and had a great time. They had a re-grand opening not too long ago with all new staff and even a DJ playing. Smoke was great as well some pretty good flavors to choose from.Overall, the service was great and I'd definitely recommend Kaizads.
5	Love it! Dylan was awesome! I loved the set up & flavors. The music makes you wanna dance. I love the feel of the place. Definitely gonna keep coming back.
5	Been to Kaizads now a few times and have a a pretty legit time. Hookah is great, and what's not better than smoking and watching some Monday night football? Not much in my opinion. Definitely recommend Kaizads to any who are looking for a fun time.
5	first time ever smoking in the lounge. it was an awesome experience. i will for sure keep  coming back. if i have a day off work. you know where ill be.
