5	The team at this store is just great!  No hustling or secret upsets, just straight forward, honest good people.Girlfriends car overheated, and we were in need of an affordable, durable ride to get us by until her car was ready, and would rent to a person under 25 without any crazy extra fees.  We called around to several places, all to no avail.  We happened on this one as it is close to us, and were we ever happy we did.  Rob at AVIS answered the call, and was just great on the phone.  Right from the start, he made things easy and understandable, and tried as much as possible to get us into an affordable price, even with a major convention in town taking all the cars.  No crazy extra fees, and clear explanation of any extra's IF WE CHOSE THEM.  Also made it easy for us to return early with over night drop box, and did not charge extra for doing so (Just make sure you drop where you pick up)The staff, everyone, and I MEAN EVERYONE at this place is just super friendly, and helpful.  This place is not like any other rental place I've been to, and I mean in the attitudes.  There are non, and they just try their best to help.  Even though this is off strip, it is totally worth it to those of you to seek it out, especially considering how close  this store is to the strip.Deal with this specific AVIS location in absolute confidence!
5	I've been renting cars from here for the past two months and they are by far the best.  No hassle, no long lines,  no hidden fees, great costumer service and reliable.  Rob is awesome and super friendly.  I would definitely recommend this place.
5	Best experience in renting a car we've ever had! The reviews on here saying Rob is awesome are TRUE! We had a reservation with a competitor who kept adding on fees making the car more expensive by the second,  so we left! Hit up Yelp for nearby car rental and Avis came up. We found the shop, and in a very few pleasant minutes we were driving off in a big luxurious car that we could all be comfy in for a long drive! Thank you Rob! You started our mini break off with a bang!
