4	Sometimes you just have a pair of shoes that you love so much, you keep getting the soles or heels replaced.  I have a pair of classic Joan & David black pump, suede that is so comfortable that I think I've had them for over 15 years and I just keep replacing the heels.This time I took them to Paradise Family Shoe Repair.  The place is on the SE corner of Tatum & Thunderbird.  Place is super clean and the guy very friendly.He charged me $15 to replace the heels and an additional $25 to add some super tough rubber sole to the leather soles of my heels.  When I got the shoes back, I was impressed by how well replaced the heels were and I am very happy with the super tough rubber soles that were still comfortable because I know my classic black pumps will probably now last me another 20 years.  The best part?  My black suede was looking a little worn and he sprayed a product call Suede Renew on the pumps (at no additional charge!!) and my shoes came back looking brand new.He told me I would be impressed by the work he does with my shoes and I have to write that he's right!
1	I am a shoe repair store regular, because I prefer to maintain a good pair of shoes rather than shop for a new pair. I tried this place when I first moved to the area. I have never been told quite literally that my shoes were not worth repairing. When I told the man that I had had the soles replaced several times before and that price was no issue, he told me it wasn't worth it for him and to go buy a new pair. So I took them a half mile down the road to Cobblestone and they had them looking like new in no-time.
5	I dropped a Chanel tote and shoes off for repair and reconditioning and all I can say is WOW. The bag and shoes came back looking almost new. The repair was done quickly and at a fair price. I cannot recommend this place enough.
5	I've had 5 pairs of heels re-modified here. This guy has taken 1-1 1/2 in. of my high heel off of every pair I've brought in so far. He does very good work and I haven't had any problems yet. The only thing I don't like is that he's not very associative and never smiles. He sounds bored and when I mentioned that I found him through Yelp reviews he acted like he didn't know what I was talking about and didn't care. Don't get me wrong he doesn't have a bad attitude or anything but he seems like the kind of guy where you drop off your shoes quickly and leave. Even when I go in there with a perky attitude, smiling, and try to make conversation there's just no response. This guy is a toy solider with no personality.Make sure you bring cash, no cards accepted. $15 a pair to drop your heels an inch ladies. Good price. But of course I'm rating him on his quality of work rather than his personality and for that I give him 5 stars. Recommended.
