5	If you are going to Old Town Scottsdale this is a great place if you want some great home cooked Italian food. I go to Scottsdale once a year and have always peered in and wanted to go there.. So we did!! The service was slow at first, but then once they started to take care of us it was like we were a regular.. Very kinda old school italian(with a flair of a sports bar) we felt like you were in NY.. A must try is the Caprese Salad it was really yummy!!!
5	This was a great place to end the night.Let me provide background: 6 of us girls went out to dinner (at Furio) for a lovely Girls' Night Out. After dinner, we wandered north down Scottsdale Rd looking for a place to sit, chat and get a drink (or two). When we hit Italian Grotto, one of my friends said, "Oh, this place has the best margaritas." It happens to be a favorite spot of her father's, and we peered in - it looked perfect.They seated us enthusiastically, and the entire place was oozing "NEW YORK." It was great. Our waiter was friendly, nosy, and flirtatious. Great for a group of married women out for a night. :-)I wasn't sure what I wanted to drink. I told him I wanted vodka, but not a vodka tonic, but nothing too sweet .... He said, as he walked away, "you're having a Mandarin Press." Well, OK then.Our drinks arrived, and I loved mine. Mandarin vodka with Sprite cut with club soda. It was fizzy and yummy and not too sweet. A couple of the girls ordered an Appletini and the Cadillac Margarita (pretty strong drinks), so when two of us polished off ours earlier, the waiter came back with replacements (another Mandarin Press for me and a Gin & Tonic for another girl) and told us they were "on him." The music they played was great - jazzy and classic. The bar had rows and rows of Yankee bobble-heads, and the 3 flat screens above the bar featured basketball and baseball. I think we sort of closed the place down. It was 11:00 when we started to think about leaving, and the place was emptying. It was exactly what we were looking for - a nice big round booth great for conversation. Perfect ambiance for the low-key end to our evening that we loved. I would go back in a heartbeat.
4	This place is great!  We asked some locals where to eat and they recommended this place to us.  Great suggestion!We were in Scottsdale for 4 days and this is definitely the best food that I had while we were there.  It feels like a NY Italian restaurant...dimly lit, dark-colored booths, sinatra in the background, and some NY-style servers.I had the halibut and it was excellent.  My husband really enjoyed his lasagna as well.  We also had the tiramisu and the cannoli.  Both were very good, however I think the tiramisu was the best.Our server was very friendly and very attentive.  They really take care of their customers and want to make sure that you have a good time.  If you're looking for a place to have some great food and to have an overall fun experience, check this place out.  After going there for dinner, I can understand why it's been around for over 30 years.
5	From what i hear this was one of Sammy the bull's Italian watering holes and is still frequented by the AZ underworld, that is enough of a ringing endorsement for me... a compliment guys, don't wack me. Short of looking to your right and seeing Tony Soprano and the sign changing to Vesuvios this is the closest to an Italian-movie experience you will have. Complete with tables being pulled out, terse yet endearing fat men barking "what cha want to drink", and INCREDIBLE Italian food. Two words, Chilean Sea Bass... three words i guess. It is served SWIMMING in garlic and butter over a bed of linguine. It is so tender it falls apart just watching you pick up your fork but beware of the killer garlic breath that will ensue once you have licked your plate clean. By no means cheap but worth every penny. Cannelloni, salad, parm ... amazing, i have never had a bad meal here. I will be stopping by when i am home for xmas, it is that good.
5	My new favorite italian spot!!  Loved it.  Talked about it for days.  We ordered a ton of food-- Calamari was awesome, spinach ravioli and caesar salad were perfect.  My husband had two beers, a ceasar and an entree as well.  Our bill was only $60-- totally worth it. Service was awesome, they made us feel like family.
5	Not sure if it's the atmosphere of dim lights and mirror lined walls... Or the guy sitting in the corner booth who could pass as the Don of a major mafia family, but this place is fucking rad! Thats right, rad!!! I'm Bringing it back.If you visit this gem of an Italian restaurant, there is only one thing you must order. The Chilean Sea Bass melts in your mouth. It is well seasoned with garlic, pepper, herbs and possibly crack (I am salivating just thinking about it). The generous portion of fish is served atop a bed of linguini noodles and some sort of cream sauce that could have been alfredo... But if it was, It was the best damn alfredo I have ever tasted.The service is quick but not rushed... The full bar makes a stiff drink. It is everything that a small independent restaurant should be and more. Restaurants in Old Town Scottsdale should take note... Their recipe for repeat business works!If you visit AZ, This restaurant is a must visit!!!
5	Without a doubt, the Italian Grotto has the best atmosphere in Old Town for a meal, and doesn't make you feel like you're in Scottsdale at all. Cozy and full of life every time I've been, the Italian Grotto has a pretty good wine and beer list, as well as some amazing food.WARNING: Don't fill up on bread! From favorites (and my favorite) Manicotti, to my boyfriends favorite Chicken Carolina, the Italian Grotto has a wide variety of entrees on their menu (which look like they are falling apart, but I don't mind!) that do not disappoint. The Manicotti was melt in your mouth good, and the extra cheese they put on top was like icing on the cake.The waiters are always super nice and helpful, and the last time we walked in, the owner showed us to our table personally, which you rarely get at restaurants these days! When the weather is nice out, they open their side doors and push the tables out a little, so you can sit out and enjoy the air and people watch.This is not really a place you'd want to go when you're looking for a quiet, intimate meal, but the dim lighting and cozy tables can feel quite romantic. If there's a game on, all bets are off though! We went there during March Madness and it was pretty noisy until the game was over (which we didn't mind, we actually came to watch the end of the game). If I had to pick a place for Italian food in the Valley, the Italian Grotto would definitely be it.
4	This place packs you in like sardines but that fact aside I liked it.  Had the fish special and it was amazing. Super light and tender with a tomato sauce (not marinara) on top.  The eggplant parm was good with a huge side of pasta.  Big ol' basket of bread.  We sat and chatted just for a few and the manager/owner asked us to move the the bar and he would buy us a glass of wine. Normally I would have seen that as offensive, but the food was really good and the place was packed so we took off and didn't gripe about it.
1	Really ?!! 5 stars!! I smell a set up.  The owner and staff have never been nice, or polite or respectful to anyone. He once chased a customer down the street "screaming like a little girl" to the customers.  No one in the valley has received reviews this good.  Dont believe them he must have had his little" kiss ass chorus" write them.  What a joke!!
4	The Italian Grotto isn't exactly for the faint of heart. The waitstaff is mostly a bunch of older guys from new york and they are a little gruff and direct. Personally, I like it. They once chastisted my sister for moving her bread plate :) The guy said "Your bread plate goes to the LEFT of your dinner plate!" and we didn't really know what to say to that, LOL! I am sure that a lot of people are offended by this, but what can I say? I like smartasses!I've been here twice now. Giving this place 4 stars might be a touch of a stretch because I absolutely noticed some problems. Here we go:Appetizers: I've had the fried zucchini and the fried calamari. Both obviously homemade and fantastic. Calamari was very tender and not at all chewy. Zucchini needed a little salt, but after that it was perfect. Salad: I love a salad that doesn't look like it came out of a bag. I've had the blue cheese twice now and I doubt I'll try anything else soon because I like those big ol chunks of blue cheese in there!Entrees: On my first trip, I tried the Chilean sea bass pomodoro on top of ravioli. The sea bass was great, and the pomodoro sauce was just incredible, but the ravioli tasted gummy and bland, and I actually feared it might have been frozen... God, I hope not. Incidentally, I wanted to ask the server if it was the endangered chilean sea bass or if it was farmed... since it's being overfished and all... but I was genuinely afraid to ask my server about this since I was pretty sure he would call me a name that ends with "ussy" and starts with a P, and roll his eyes at my yuppie self. On this same visit, a friend of mine had a chicken dish which was SADLY overcooked and dry was could be, and another friend had the fruits del mer (?), a fettucine alfredo with calamari, salmon, shrimp, scallops and mussels, and it was great, all the fish was cooked to perfection.My next trip I had the sea bass florentine (I KNOW, I should have tried something else, but I just love me some sea bass) and it was incredibly good, seabass topped with spinach and ricotta. However, they forgot to season either the fish or the spinach, but after I salted the dish I thought it was fantastic. My friend had the ravioli pomodoro and she thought it was great, so maybe she didn't think they were gummy, maybe I just caught the raviolis on a bad night!My recurring issue is that I don't think the chef(s) are properly seasoning the food, if they WERE, I would probably give them 5 stars right now.However, given that MINOR issue, there is so little good old-fashioned Italian food in this town that the Italian Grotto still has almost no competition, and they WERE mostly fantastic! So, I will be back, no doubt at all. I'll just remember to leave my bread plate on the left and not ask any wussy questions about sustainable fish :)
4	In Short: Great seafood, but a bit pricey.  Above average for Italian and seafood.I've been here several times and I'll keep going back for their food for a while more.  It's located in old town, pretty conveniently on Scottsdale rd.  You probably have to park on the street but not a big deal.  The decor and atmosphere is set to be cozy, pretty much everything is done in either black or white.  I find it a bit pretentious but it is quite cozy, so I'll forgive them for that.  On some tables, lighting is very poor, you may have a hard time seeing your food, and the tables are a bit cramped as well.  The staff is pretty knowledgeable about their menu and the service is pretty nice.  I love their specials, typically seafood items.  First page of the menu is appetizers and pasta items, second page is veal and other meats and the third page is seafood, and that's it, simple and great.  You can try some of their appetizers but they do provide delicious bread with a pretty good herb butter.  Save some of the bread for your entree to dip into their delicious sauces.  I usually go for their veal or one of the seafood dishes.  They are all pretty good, can't go too wrong with anything, but I would stay away from the thick marinara sauce.   It's a bit overpowering for delicate seafood.  Sea bass with spinach ravioli were awesome, it's topped off with a buttery pomodoro sauce.  Another good item is the scallops, you can have it scampi style or prepared it 6 other different ways.  Veal piccata is so good, so is the veal marsala,they make it really tender.  I have experienced over cooking on some of the more tender and flaky white fish, it wasn't inedible but it could have been better.The place is a bit pricey, but then again what seafood place isn't.  Most dishes are between 25-30 but there are alot of pasta dishes around 10-20 as well.  An adequate wine and beer list accompanies your food as well, but as usually they reflect "scottsdale" pricing.
5	I love this place! The vibe is very New York...leather booths, Frank singing, professional waiters.  The menu and wine list are exceptional and even though there is a great variety to the menu I just am stuck on their Chilean Sea Bass which is out of this world. An excellent date place!
3	First of all, are you a sports bar or are an Italian restaurant?  You've got to make up your mind on that one. Second of all, please stop dousing the salad with dressing.  I didn't order soup with lettuce in it, I ordered a salad with some dressing on top.  Third of all, I realize that presentation isn't everything, but it is something.  I ordered the Grande Lasagna and was told it was the same size as a normal Lasagna but with some extra sausage.  Well, it wasn't.  It looked like my poor lasagna was eaten whole by some sort of cheese monster, that was then killed, gutted, and served to me.  Why would I want more cheese on top of this pile of melted cheese? Stop asking!
2	Calamari, overcooked. 2 orders of veal, overcooked. Drunk guy walking around the entire meal screaming? priceless.
4	I had a really nice time at the Italian Grotto.  The atmosphere is very "New York Italian".  There are comfy leather booths and tv's above the bar playing sports.  It is a great place to sit for a while and have some fun at dinner and watch the game at the same time. The staff is very cool, most of the time friendly, and the manager could be from the mafia.The food is typical Italian food, nothing to "odd". I like being a bit more adventurous with food most of the time.... but it is was really good. We had the fresh Clams and Muscles in the Portifino sauce.....and I had the Chicken Piccata (yum) and my friend had the Veal Marsala (also very good).
4	Sweet place. This corner Italian restaurant in Old town Scottsdale has been there for over 30 years. How do I know? The owner is still serving behind the bar (very cool guy!!). I liked the music (Sinatra and Jazz divas) as well as the food. This time of year in AZ is great, as the climate enables outdoor seating; the French doors were opened and the inside became the outside. The black leather booths are great for small groups and the lighting will do its part to make you feel comfortable. Food was creative for American Italian: The Carolina chicken (chicken with melted cheese, penne, prosciuto and a light olive oil garlic sauce) is strongly recommended. If you just like to hang out for the bar, I am sure you will like this place as well... great selection and super friendly staff!
4	Had a pleasant dinner here very unexpected. We dropped in taking a chance on some good Italian food and we were not disappointed. The place is old school, traditional mafioso Italian. Food was reasonably priced and good,  service very prompt, and atmosphere - fun.
5	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):9 Food10 Service10 Atmosphere7 Value2 drinks + 1 app + 2 entrees + 2 desserts + 18% tip = $90.The best part:  I ordered something, and the waiter asked me a few questions then said he was changing my order.  I liked that.  He knows what's good there, I'm just reading a menu.  It was like they picked up a good NYC restaurant and dropped it in Scottsdale.The worst part:  A dude cleared my girlfriend's plate before I was done.  HUGE service pet peeve.  If i ran a restaurant, I would fire on the spot anyone that did that.My fault: They didn't have any Spumoni left.  Maybe we shouldn't have wandered in at 9:45pm on a Wednesday.  Half their desserts they make in house, the other half are brought in from a local guy (i.e. Spumoni).
5	My husband and I had a truly great experience here. The staff were wonderful, loved the Frank Sinatra music, the food and the overall atmosphere. My husband had the veal which he raved about and I had the Seafood Special for that night which was truly sumptuous! But a word of warning....the choice was a creamy sauce or a spicy tomato based sauce .... I chose the spicy tomato based sauce which I was given the choice of 1-10 for spice.....I like spicy but decided to try and be safe and say a 5 due to the fact we were going to see the John Cleese show at a theatre near by and did not want to be sniffling the whole time!......The 5 tasted like a 10.....phew....wowser!!!....don't get me wrong....i LOVE spicy....at home I could go to levels off the chart...but only because I have easy access to tissues and no one is judging me! : ) .....I really did enjoy it but if I had known the true meaning of a five I would have probably said a one! lol The seafood...comprising of mussels, prawns, fish, scallops and baby octopus was divine!The appetizer of tomato garlic bread was also amazingly good....the tomato dip was really rich and tasty....much better than what we had expected. And I must not forget the desserts.... the house made Tiramisu and Cannoli was AMAZING! Try it with a small glass of Grand Marnier and you are in some kind of heaven!Also two added bonuses....I got roses from my husband from a flower seller who walked through the restaurant AND when we asked for a photo our very nice waiter yelled out "Hey Paparazzo!" and along came running  a wonderful waiter who was in his home town a professional photographer....and I would believe him...most people look at cameras like it is a totally foreign object....he was using the zoom etc... like he knew exactly what he was doing! lolThis was a truly great night for us....can definitely recommend. : )
5	Girlfriends favorite place! I started eating in here a few years ago after servicing their fire equipment for work.4 years later its still my girlfriends and I's favorite place to go grab some italian.-shawn
2	We ate here while on a weekend get away. When we first walked in I could not figure out if it were a bar or restaurant. We looked at the menu and decided to give it a try. We were seated by the host who appeared to be drunk because he was pretty damn obnoxious. We waited for 7 minutes before we got a menu. Once the menu finally arrived we put in a drink order because the service was obviously going to be slow.........and boy was it slow! We ordered calamari, mussels, and a caesar salad after waiting for what seemed like forever. The calamari was good but nothing special, the mussels were pretty awesome, and the caesar salad was not that great and had no taste. The waiter never offered any parmesan cheese or cracked pepper for the caesar salad and was no where to be found for us to make the request. The mussels were good but everything else including the drink was not good and the service was basically non existent.
5	This recently became my favorite Italian restaurant ever for so many more reasons than the food. We walked in and were greeted by who I can only assume is the owner (an older Italian gentleman wearing a Yankees jersey) and seated in a booth. Frank Sinatra was singing and we were surrounded by pictures of past and present Yankees players (The Yankees are my AL team because I have a need to be severely anti-Red Sox). Our waiter, Brandon/Meatball, was super friendly and never let my water glass get anywhere near empty. I love that. So now on to the food, which was absolutely amazing... My mouth still waters just thinking about it. Our app of choice, garlic bread, was some of the best ever. I had the Chilean Sea Bass special - the fish  was cooked perfectly (and I'm not usually a fan of cooked fish) and the spinach ravioli it was on top of was amazingly delicious. The only way this night could have gotten better is if I had been with a date who was drinking so that I could have drank as well. A nice white wine would have complimented the fish wonderfully.As we were leaving, Steppenwolf started playing. How can any experience associated with a "Magic Carpet Ride" not get 5 stars?
5	Great place to have a casual Italian meal in Old Town Scottsdale.  We went here craving pasta and they delivered.  They have a great selection of typical Italian food and their price range was great.  Atmosphere is a mix of sports bar and NY Italian.  (They are a Yankees bar so be forewarned :).  Service was excellent and we had fun.
5	I have been going to the Grotto since 2001.  Gary runs the place like a NY style joint.  The service can be bad but that is part of the charm.  I have sampled EVERYTHING on the menu and love it all.  Diana Manages the place and she is Fantastic!  My favorite meal:I start with the Zucchini( pan fired with a lite batter and amazing white sauce)Then move on to the soup ( Amazing Minestrone)Then have the Chicken Carolina (Every bite melts in your mouth)Or the Sea Bass Picatta( Soo good)I Finnish it off with a White Chocolate Tartufo or a Cannoli.  Complete the meal with a nice bottle of wine in one of the tables that opens to the sidewalk and you have the perfect evening.Not the cheapest place in the world.  But one of my favorite restaurants in the world!And if its baseball season,  the only game on will be the Yankees so don't even ask to change the channel!
4	Tonight was my first night checking out the Grotto, and after a bad service experience with another place close by, i was ready to eat anywhere at that point. I have passed the Grotto many times living in Scottsdale, and have often walked by smelling the aromas grazing my senses while strolling by...i love that they seem to always have their doors/windows open and the tables overlooking the street are fantastic.  Anyway, as Brett S. said , the service can be a little bad but it is definitely part of the charm.  Anyone who has every been to a real Italian "joint" understands this.  I was almost pleased with how traditional the feeling was, as in "if you don't like it, get the heck out" haha. It was also a very packed Friday night around 730, so i truly expected nothing but a wait anywhere we went, but we at least found a group of down to earth people entering and exiting wearing everything from jeans and a t-shirt like me, golf attire, to going out clothes. No matter your style, they treated you all the same.  Perfect!  (finding a place like that in Scottsdale is hard to do!)With it being a Friday night and already having a bad experience with a previous place, i just wanted a square meal and to head home, so i didn't do as much sampling as i would have liked.  We started out with the calamari which came with a marinara sauce with a little kick to it.  It looks like they added red pepper flakes at the end, but it was a nice touch.  I had the house salad with vinaigrette dressing...and word to the wise, if you don't like onions, this salad (at least with the vinaigrette) comes with sneaky chopped marinated red onions in it...so beware! The blue cheese crumbles were a nice touch as well.My friend ended up ordering the fettuccine alfredo and i chose the cannelloni. The fettuccine was much smaller portioned than i thought it would be, especially in comparison to my dish...so if you're very hungry, i would stray from this dish.  While normally a classic favorite, i didn't quite like the added spices to the dish, which seemed to be an Italian seasoning.  The alfredo sauce alone was to die for though.  The cannelloni was phenomenal.  Everything was cooked to perfection and flavored out of this world. Please also note....when this food is done, it's coming to your table, steaming hot! So wait a few before you take your first bite because you'll probably burn your mouth in some way/shape/form! :o)Overall the Grotto really picked up my night, and being a yankee in a western state...it's nice to have a piece of home right around the corner.  I'll definitely be coming back!
4	Everything about my experience at Italian Grotto was memorable and absolutely worth the wait, 20-30mins. First we were greeted by a character of a man who I later learned was the owner. He personal sits everyone who comes into his restaurant and is just a really interesting guy.My friends and I were waiting for a table and were eventually seated at "The WORST table EVER!" called this by the owner. At first we were a little weirded out that we were almost guests with another table, but once we introduced ourselves and got through the formalities all went well. And we got to see what they ordered, which made it easier for us to order. Oh and lets not forget that the Owner paid for our desserts, because we were at "The WORST table EVER" which the owner yelled at us each time he passed! What's better than great food, but great food an entertainment too!OK the FOOD was very very good. The Caesar salad was just Meh...but the Calamari with a spicy marinara was DELISH! And the Mussels Portifino we exceptional. The mussels were so tender they melted in your mouth. The Shrimp Franchaise, was superb!Don't forget the best Tiramisu I have had in a really long time!Can't wait to go back!!
4	Three of us stopped in for dinner last Sunday at around 6:30.  We were seated immediately and our server for the evening was Meatball.  He was a pretty funny guy and I knew from the reviews to expect a little bit of sass.  We got plenty of that, but he also had some really helpful suggestions regarding the menu.Some of the other reviews were pretty spot on about this place, especially the one about them turning their salads into soup.  You better like a little bit of salad with your dressing!  I'm kind of curious how much attitude you'd get if you asked for it on the side.  In any case, it wasn't really a big deal because I liked their house dressing.  As far as entrees, my friends both ordered chicken dishes and I had the mussels portofino.  My dish was excellent, heavy on the garlic, just the way I like it.  I'd come back again if I lived in the area.
4	Rock solid traditional Southern Italian fare.  House-made pastas and sausage.  Great Service.  The owner goes out of his way to make sure that you're satisfied.  Solid wine list.
1	When we arrived, we ordered a beer each and some calamari to hold us over until the Cal game started. The gal behind the bar was somewhat "rude" to begin with (maybe she had a bad day?). We then ordered salad and pasta for dinner with wine. She was "perturbed" that we were planning to share the order rather than order an entree each. The game finally started and fans for both teams were rooting/screaming as usual and the owner came over to me and told me I was "too loud"---even though everyone else was cheering all the same. We even bought a beer for the guy sitting next to us (who was betting on Louisville). She wrote up our bill even though we weren't finished with the meal (nor possible ordering of dessert, etc.) and told us to leave.When we asked her why she said we had been there long enough. (???) She even threatened to black out all of the TV's (there were about half a dozen). We were absolutely dumbfounded. This is the kicker: we have frequented The Grotto for the past 4 years during spring training, tip well, and considered ourselves "regulars" (we became acquainted with everyone that worked there including the owner) but this gal behind the bar was new to us. Who knows the real reason--we are still scratching our heads! However, we will no longer patronize such rude service.  As 4 year patrons, we are no longer supporting their establishment.  We've been discovering how Scottsdale has been booming with new eateries----from excellent sports bars with great food, service , wine menu and draft beer selections to nice linen tablecloth dining experiences.  We certainly don't need to be insulted by those at The ?Grotto anymore.
1	Made a reservation for 730 on a Saturday night (a busy time...obviously). Showed up at 725 to find a long line full of other kind folks in small parties (2-3 people) who had made reservations and were waiting to be seated while other groups of folks walked up and got seated immediately.......needless to say we left (so, no I didn't try the food...I'm sure it's great but I don't take my business to places that treat customer's this way). Working in the industry has soured me on places like this. Customer service is the ultimate....if you take reservations you should keep them and be fair with your seating priorities.
1	Don't know if the food is good or not - never got a chance to eat there.Got in line at the front and was second - they seated the people in front of me, then the guy at the front door (a little woozy with liquor-smell pouring out of him) mumbled "jush a minute" ...........then he proceeded to go back into the restaurant. Line gets bigger behind me........when the "host" came back, a couple behind us approached him and asked how long the wait would be. The "host" mumbled something unintelligible, walked to the back of the line where he apparently saw someone he knew and escorted the group of four into the restaurant, past everyone else in line, making NO effort to communicate at all with anyone else....not even a "Be with you in a minute".........I turned around and left, and walked a block down the street to Bandera, where the food was great and the service was even better.  I will never again even try to get into the Italian Grotto, as there are plenty of GOOD restaurants around Scottsdale where your experience can be so much better.
1	DO NOT GO HERE....unless you enjoy spending 200 dollars in under an hour and geting told to leave by  the crack head alcoholic owner. After spending less than an hour and still with wine in our glasses - he walked up and  pulled the table back away from us and said to leave because he had a "wait". I had been there several times and used to reccomend this place but NO way now. I told him that I would no longer support his restaurant with horrible service like that and his response was (in front of my guests and other tables around):"You think I care? Look at my wait, get the hell out. Go get laid and quit busting my balls."I hope people don't support service like that because there are a ton of other restaurants in Scottsdale with better service and better food.....
3	Super busy the Saturday night we went, but we were seated within 5 minutes of arriving.  Food was great; waiter also great... Made our evening memorable.  Pricey for pasta, but I'm sure we will go back for a special occasion.
4	Been coming here for years and it never fails to be exactly what the Dr ordered.  Eating calamari with beverages at the bar just before sunset on a beautiful late spring evening.
5	The Italian Grotto is a stop I must always make when I am in Arizona.  This small Italian gem is hidden between all of the art galleries in downtown Scottsdale.  I have brought many family members here and not one has been disappointed.  Gary (the owner) is the Mark Cuban of the restaurant business.  He personally will check on every table to make sure that everything is going perfect (trust me, it is), and offers service and food that can only live up to his high standards.  The food is just amazing.  I have been there on numerous occasions and have yet to order anything but the Chicken Fontina. This dish includes a generous helping of chicken in a sweeter wine sauce that is perfectly countered with the saltiness of prosciutto.  I did try some of my dad's Manicotti last time and I have to say, the meat sauce is awesome.  One of the best meat sauces I have tasted from any Italian restaurant.  I have to say that the Italian Grotto is one of my favorite restaurants in Arizona, and a place where I can feel like I am part of the family thanks to Gary.
5	This is hands down my favorite restaurant!  Now you should know, it is not for the faint of heart, or easily offended.  This is truly a good old-fashioned back-east style Italian restaurant.  There is plenty of "attitude" from the wait staff, but it's all in good fun, without it the experience just wouldn't be the same.  My favorite dish is the Shrimp Fra Diavlo.  I am told every time I order it that, "I am too white, to get it that hot."  It's good for a giggle and then I get the best food I have found in the valley.  We have never been disappointed.
4	The Italian Grotto was a great find in Old Town Scottsdale.Our experience was made even more special by our wonderfully knowledgeable and energetic server, Harvey. Would recommend asking for his section as he is pretty cool...looks like he could be in a very Italian film.Highlights:- Seabass done Picatta style with a side of vegetables- Homemade vegetable minestrone soup (hmmhmm Good!) Overall, this was a great place to eat and have a good conversation. I would say the ambiance is slightly lacking, however, the food makes up for any flaws. Don't get me wrong, it is a nice place to bring a date...just a little dark for my taste...black decor.Price: 2 entrees and 2 glasses of wine...$80 not including gratuity. Each entree comes with a salad or soup. There is a split charge, however, for the $5 you pay to split each person gets either a soup or salad.
5	Outstanding Italian food in Old Town tonight.  We started with a antipasto and calamari - both good enough to get us excited about the entrees.  The Chicken Parmigiana and Shrimp Scampi were incredible.  I doubt you could go wrong with anything on the menu.Definitely a leisurely pace and couldn't be farther from a chain restaurant.  Fresh ingredients, an outstanding menu and authentic charm make this a local favorite.
1	Never again will I go back. The service is outrageously bad. "meatball" ...thats right he actually says to call him that...to EVERY table. Was downright rude and the ego was radiating! I think he thought he was in the move "good fellas" or something? Second time here and we still feel the same way. We thought the first time we would give it another shot but never again! The manicotti was not even good..it was chewy and the mozzerella on top was burnt. Not to mention the sauce was just stewed tomatos out of a can. NEVER will we return.
5	My sweetie and I found this place in Scottsdale on a very hot July evening. It looked cute and inviting and we decided to try it out. Far from the schizophrenic service mentioned in other reviews, our waiter(s)- all of them waited on us at one time or another- were great fun. Cheeky conversation mixed with good suggestions from the menu. We came up with entirely too much food, which was just fine with us as it was all delicious. Started with a minestrone soup which was better than mine, which is sayin' something because I make great soups. Then moved onto pasta with Alfredo sauce, good again, and I had chicken cacciatore while my partner had ravioli. The cacciatore was just how I would have made it- a light, spicy sauce rather than the gloppy sweet stuff most restaurants make- over a good sized chicken breast and spaghetti. It tasted like Grandma's Sunday dinners.  I took most of it home- in fact it made two lunches for me. Of course, with all the yummy bread and the two first courses we had, naturally it would have been too much. The ravioli was great too. By the time we finished our meal, we were just so full- would have loved to have tried the canoli, we told the waiter, but  just couldn't order another dish. A couple minutes later, he came over with a lovely filled canoli and two spoons- "Happy New Year", he exclaimed, centering the canoli in front of us.  The only thing I can say that was a bit of a distraction in this great place was the Sinatra could have been just a tiny bit softer- although it was the perfect soundtrack to the dark set.Our service was attentive, conversational, and welcoming. If you are looking for formal or stuffy, this is probably not the place for you- service comes with a bit of a Jersey edge here.  We are new part-time homeowners in the Phoenix area. Will we be back? You betcha. It was one of the most memorable evenings of our trip, and we can't wait to go back for more.
4	Based on the variety of reviews the place might be hit or miss, however the night I was there it was great. The service at the bar and from the waiter, was great. The food itself was fresh, I had the sea bass special and it was great. The marinara sauce served with the calamari was probably some of the best I have ever had.
3	Great food as usual.. but one things that always grabs my mind.The menu's! The are printed on paper and are not laminated .. while that is not a problem, the fact that someone else's spilled drink is on it..wasFood still rocks, I always order the same thing, so maybe ill just avoid the dirty menu's all together.
5	I grew up on home cooked Italian food and specialize in cooking it myself.  This food competes with the best I have ever had.  Everything from "meatball", our server, to the last bite of tiramisu, was absolutely AMAZING.  Meatball was not your typical waiter.  He was not rude, he did not linger and talk to much, or not talk enough.  He had a great personality and I will be going back for the great food and his service again.The lasagna was outstanding.  Meat sauce with Italian sausage lasagna on top of a bed of penne, what more could I ask for?  The cannelloni franchise was mouth watering.  This place had the BEST spumoni and tiramisu I have ever had.Thanks to Meatball and the cooks over at Italian Grotto. We had an exceptional time.  We will be returning very soon.
5	What can I say....It's kinda one of those places you either "get" or you don't.....I get the employees...They aren't stuffy...they aren't fancy....It's an Italian "hang-out" if you will......To me, they make you feel like your family.  I love the food, especially any seafood special they can cook up!  The minestrone soup doesn't look like much, but OMG...it's good!  My hubby had veal the other night, and it was good....to much breading for my taste, but it was still really good.  All in all.....Can't wait to go back....Hope to see ya soon Italian Grotto boys!Carol Old School Chico Ca.
1	The owner was our server. The low class food was very over-rated as well as the prices. Owner was absolutely rude to our party of 4. He made snide comments regarding our questions and I believe they over-charged us. They add gratuity to the check so they don't need to provide good service. I would rather eat at mcdonalds than this place. Save your money and skip this hole in the wall. It was my worst experience at a restaurant because of the callous and rude waiter/owner. The other people in my party agree that the restaurant was terrible. I will tell everyone I know to avoid this place when they come to Scottsdale.Mat from las Vegas.
5	The atmosphere was really nice here.. They had Frank Sinatra playing, leather seated and dim lights.. I went there with my parents, but I would definitely consider this for my next date spot.. The food was really good and the waiter was very professional and curtious.. I would definitely recommend this resteraunt if you're looking for a really nice dinner spot.. The special ran about $32 dollars, which is a little pricy for a pasta dish, but the meal was good.
5	The Italian Grotto is not a fancy place to go for arugula and pretend you are a gourmet connoisseur. This is authentic home made --large plates-- the way good Italian mamas do it at home.  Pricey? Not really, you get what you pay for. Waiters that enjoy as much has you do what you eat, priceless, and for those who have been made fun off  enjoy, learn and be grateful, in essence great food and good vino. The true joy of Italian life. Salute
5	Amazing food. Cannelloni stuffed with the most delicious, melt in your mouth chicken and veal. Fried calamari - perfect.
5	How many times have I passed this place since I have lived in the valley? About a million? I always said, one day I am going there. Well today I did, and I am so glad!!! Girls impromtu lunch today, so glad I was feeling pasta!! We walked in and were greeted by a fantastic gentelman with a very New York accent. Awesome! As soon as we sat down we knew that this was one cool place. We had a group of servers taking care of us, no pretense here! Loved the ambiance! The food, was oh so fantastic! Can't wait to go and try other dishes. This place is great as a first date night. Like I said not a lot of pretense, so some of that pressure is gone;) Who care if the menus are not laminated, the food made up for that. So going back!!
5	We have been to the Grotto many times. Food is incredible....service is between good and great; depends on the server. The fish specials are flavorful, pasta dishes enormous, wine selection expansive....the entire place breaths Italian; Brooklyn style!
4	Probably one of the greatest Italian spots i have been too. Food is awesome, staff is friendly and attentive. Good atmosphere. Menu is pretty extensive and wine list is good as well. Nice place for a romantic dinner with someone special, low lights and good music!
4	Great reception upon entering and great food!  No one will be disappointed (unless you are looking for a real fancy place with fancy menus), but I bet the food at the Italian Grotto is better!
1	We too never got an opportunity to eat here.  After waiting at the door behind a party of 4 for about 5 minutes with no host or hostess I asked the party in front of us how long the wait was.  They said they did not know but had been waiting there for 10 mintues waiting to be greeted.  I decided to walk into the restaurant and look for some help.  I spotted a server and smiled and asked what the wait time was explaining that no one was there to greet us.  He looked as though he was going to help and started walking towards me and then past me and said they were busy.  No sorry someone will be right with you we are a little busy.  Just a rude curt get out of my way kind of attitude.  I walked right back to our party of four and said this place is rude let's get out of here.  We went to Bucca Di Beppo across the way and were greeted with big smiles and open arms.  The staff was amazing!  Shaken by my experience with the rude waiter I asked our waiter at Bucca to provide me with a duplicate receipt of our dinner bill.  I took the receipt back to Italian Grotto and wanted to speak to a manager explaining how they lost the business due to a rude waiter.  Well I never showed the receipt because again there was no host in the lobby so I proceed to walk into the restuarant to find the manager.  I was stopped by a halfbaked and drunk man with an empty bottle of wine in his hand in a gray shirt with gray hair and two diamond earrings in his ear.  He approached me and said you looking for someone.  I replied yes the owner or manager please.  He stood there and acted as though he were the person.  I asked are you the owner?  He said why are you asking me questions? I never asked you questions?  I turned to my friend and said they cannot be the owner.  I again asked and got the same response.  He ordered us out of the dining room and told us to talk to him on the tile area considered their tiny lobby.  I walked back and he was beligerent and drunk and proceeded to tell me that I was the rudest person he ever met.  Complete whackjob!  I agree that friends have to be writing these positive reviews.  Dick's Last Resort known to be rude on purpose posed as angels to this place.
5	If you are looking for authentic Italian with a great right-on-the-corner atmosphere look no further than The Grotto (and by that I mean stop wasting your money at Bucca).My absolute favorite on the menu is the chicken parmesan. The cut is lean and fried to perfection, topped with delicious mozzarella and served with pasta with "tastes like it was made back East" red sauce.
5	I once experienced this lovely little Italian place on the corner-and I return again, and again.The service here is always excellent.  The music, ambiance, and big booths are fantastic. Everything here always tastes fresh and perfect!My favorite is the chicken picatta, is yum-yum delicious!(Clam buckets for appetizers are also a giant plus!)
5	Wow why have I lived here 6 years and never been to this place let alone why has nobody informed me that I must go????This place is straight outta New York food quality is awesome and I love the attitude of the staff.  I totally recommend making reservations because this place is packed and for a good reason.   I went with a party of 7 and we got seated and our drink orders were taken I had a glass of Pinot Noir which was very good and went excellent with the fried calamari I had.  They say award winning calamari and I see why I honestly don't like calamari usually but I went to town on this stuff.  The marinara sauce is spicy and full of flavor just an amazing way to start a meal.For my entree I got the Chicken Cutlet Parmigiana which was awesome.  I have to thank the yelpers for the suggestion on that one they were all right it was fried to perfection and the pasta and sauce on the side was excellent.  I wish I had room for dessert as I am sure they are good but my wallet and stomach had enough for the evening so I will have to venture back again very soon.  This place is expensive but worth it and it's nice to have a true Italian place to go to that isn't cookie cutter Bucca or others.
4	This is one of those places that you'll pass by a million times, never really giving it a second look. At least that's what I did. Who knew it would turn out to be a great secret, hiding right in front of my face.Boyfriend and I were in the old town area and decided we wanted Italian for dinner. Saw the good reviews on Yelp and make a beeline for the place. Thank you fellow Yelpers for steering us in the right direction yet again.The place was busy but we managed to get a table. It's a little crammed but it kinda adds to the experience IMO. The waiter was very attentive but not pushy, which I like. I ordered the white lasagna and boyfriend went with the cheese ravioli. We both chose the soup to start.The soup was delicious. I knew that if the meal was as good as the soup, this would be a great dinner. The portion was huge and the soup was loaded with yummy veggies and was very flavorful. The bread that came with it was yummy, crusty french bread - perfect for dipping in soups and sauces.My white lasagna was really good and REALLY rich. If you're on a diet, do not bother ordering this dish. The white lasagna is layered with ricotta cheese, mushrooms and spinach and then drowned in alfredo sauce. No, I'm not kidding. It came in a bowl.  It was kinda like lasagna alfredo soup. And it was awesome!!Boyfriend loved his cheese ravioli too. Also a large portion, covered in sauce. He came pretty close to licking the plate.If you want a no frills, casual, basic but amazing Italian dinner, I highly recommend Italian Grotto. I look forward to eating there again.
4	awesome ,just awesome. Scallops bigger than my face are found here. Fresh fish. great staff. My last meal during Spring Training was here and it may have been my greatest
1	If I could give zero stars I would. Worst host service I've ever experienced. Not even very busy but the idiot at the door couldn't tell us how long the wait was. Seemed to be drunk or high. Asked several times but I don't think he could add or tell time. Never got an answer. I'd suggest you cross the street to Bucca.
3	Wham bam and right out the door we went!  Don't get me wrong the food was pretty good.  I had the Lasagna and 2 PBRs -- yeah so what I'm from the Mid-West!  Bread and appetizers were okay, but I had high expectations overall.  Need a table? -- Better reserve or make sure you have all your friends ready to seat.  This place seems to have a high turnover rate - Follow the orders - Sit, Order, Mingle, Eat, and get the heck out cause someone needs your table!  You know, after a plate of carbs I would like to sit for some time while my digestive system works, but apparently they don't have time for that.  Our server was pretty cool and fun so kudos to Meatball for making it a fun dinner experience regardless - Enjoy!
4	Good food, good service, good wine and good atmosphere, but a bit over priced.  We both had veal dishes and enjoyed them along with the wine.  Enjoyed the baseball atmosphere and seats at the window watching the rest of the tourist walk by.
3	Horrible service!!!!!! I only gave it a three star rating due to the fact that I LOVE baseball! It was an awesome atmosphere. The staff was a tad bit rude and unfriendly. The food wasn't too bad. I wasn't happy with my chicken marsala especially the portion that was served. My "kick ass" wine was fabulous and the calamari was delicious. My friend's were happy with their meals.
1	Made a reservation but they did not honor it. Employees kept dismissing me when I would try to talk to them. One of there employees very rudely told me to stand back when I was simply trying to ask about my reservation. If the food is good, I wouldn't know but the service was absolutely lousy.
3	Came here on a busy Friday night with girlfriends during a girls' weekend.  Overall, the service was pretty decent. Our waiter was a little odd behaving, but certainly friendly. I like the atmosphere of Italian Grotto. It's not too spendy, I love that the walls open up onto the sidewalk allowing for fun people watching. The last time I was there with my husband we sat at the bar and enjoyed watching some sports on tv while we drank and noshed.  This is a welcoming place to go when you want something fun and not too too god damned fancy,I knocked off two stars for a couple reasons. I made reservations a couple weeks in advance and nevertheless we were given a crap table by the kitchen. We could have waited for another table, but we were hungry and wanted to get on with our evening. If you have a reservation on the books, try giving a non-reservation party the table by the kitchen and save that upfront table for the people who called ahead. Also, our waiter seemed a little out of it...despite the fact he was friendly he just didnt always seem lucid. He had a hard time keeping our order straight both forgetting one entire entree and refusing to split our entrees between three people (although he happily split them between two?).The price for a bottle of Veuve was extremely fair. $90.
4	This was a very pleasant surprise!  We went for an early snack. Ordered a bottle of wine and split one of the pasta (manicotti) entrees which came with bread and salad.  It was fantastic!  Very authentic New York. Very hands on staff/owner/manager.   We also couldn't resist the fresh made tiramisu!  This will be one of our regular stops whenever we are in Scottsdale.
5	Gastronomical yumminess!  From a family that does not like Italian food!
4	Cool spot to hang out.  Very sports grill-ish considering it's in downtown Scottsdale... I didn't expect it.San Francisco giants all over the walls... Pizza wafts out the door... Black and shiny interior that just glints as you come in. Massive wall of alcohol.Seems pretty laid back. With this one, I also didn't have the food.  I really friggen wanted to tho... the pizza smelled AWESOME.
1	Can I give negative stars? My boyfriend and I went into this restaurant for a drink while walking through old town. We were welcomed in and told that there were 2 seats at the corner of the bar. We sat and asked them what their on drink selection was. Since they were all over priced and we were just stopping by for a drink while we explored the area we ordered a beer each. I accidently bumped into a customer that was wedged in the corner eating dinner when I went to sit in the high top chair. I apologized to her and quickly we started up a conversation with this couple that was in their 50's. The manager rushes over asks the couple if they would like to move... okay weird. They said no. I wasn't trying to intrude on their meal or anything and they did seem interested in the conversation. As I turn back to the bar the bartender slaps our tab on in front of us. He said "here's your check please pay and leave." I said "Excuse me" and he responded "You are a waste of space at my bar." I was shocked! Never have I been treated like that or basically kicked out of a bar. I have worked in customer service my entire life and I definitely do not deserved to be treated like trash. I became infuriated as I responded "are you serious?" All he said was "Leave" and walked away from us. My boyfriend said, "Let's just get out of here. This place sucks anyway." As we walk out I see the manager as he ushers us towards the door and I told him what happened and he said "I'm sure this isn't the first time that you have been kicked out of somewhere!" WHAT!!!!!! Seriously?! What sparked all of this? I like to have a good time, I am social, I love a good drink and great food! WHAT THE HELL! NEVER in my life have I ever been kicked out of somewhere and I cannot even begin to understand why I was kicked out of this restaurant bar. For god sakes it is an italian restaurant with carpeting! Yuck and the manager or owner what ever he is such a d-bag!  Plus he appeared to be drunk or on drugs or something. Such a weird, trying to be sauve, high on something, wanna be al pacino presence. How do you run a business like this and survive? I however cannot comment on the food since I will NEVER EVER go back there, but with such horrible discriminating service who would ever go there?! Save yourself the aggravation and do not help this jerk prosper with your hard earned money. What a fake establishment! They welcome you in to the bar from the street and then kick you out? Very questionable service to me.
4	I love there food! Not once have I had a bad meal, service is slow, but I can get over that. As long as you keep my whiskey glass full, I'm a happy camper.
4	What a nice little restaurant.  Located right on Scottsdale Road in Old Town, this location offers a nice little Italian opportunity. The restaurant reminds me very much like a neighborhood restaurant.  There were many at the bar that would appear to be regulars enjoying the happy hour and games on television.  But other seating options offer a nice choice from a quiet booth to window seating that looks out toward the street.  Although too hot to open the doors, I am sure that they would open them during cooler times. Meals included the Sea Bass with Spinach Ravioli.  Very good.  Other reviews comment that it melts in your mouth and they are correct.  My friend had the Veal Sorrentino which looked amazing.  Desserts are limited.  We had the Tiramisu and Chocolate Chip Cannoli, but very good. Wine list is limited, but the selection is good and pricing is very reasonable by the bottle. It will be slightly pricier than your chain restaurant, but it offered a very nice experieince for an extended evening meal and conversation.  Amazingly, it was not very busy and we were able to enjoy an extended dinner and conversation without feeling that we needed to rush out. Would recommend it and will definately keep it in mind for a nice change. 4 Stars only because there really needs to be something special for me to award the 5th Star.  Probably just missed it tonight though!!
5	After a long day at the pool while on vacation, my DH and yMyself along with my 2 year old were famished and really tired.  We tried to go into a few other restaurants in the area but were turned down as my DH had on a tank.  My poor 2 year old was so tired and hungry by the time we arrived at this lovely restaurant. We were welcomed in and they immediately noticed how upset my daughter was. Brought out a cookie , water and offered to bring her food immediately.  The wonderful hospitality didn't stop there.  The manager heard my daughter say the word "ice cream, "and offered to take her in the kitchen so she could get her own.  Later she fufilled her promise, and  my daughter was so excited! Our food was absolutely delicious as well.  Would highly recommend this place.  The menu had many wonderful selections.  Fun place as well.
5	Gary does it right. After being in business for 47 years in the same location, he has seen and been through it all.You can't beat the price for the culinary experience in the area, not to mention the social aspect and people watching at times.I can't tell you how many times I passed by this place over the past 8 years and never stopped in. I had no idea what I was missing out on until earlier this year, when I stopped in for a dinner party with Jesse J. and some friends.It was only at this time that I realized what this place really has to offer.From the Sausage Parmesan, to the Chicken Carolina, to the Veal Scallopini, I have yet to try anything that wasn't up to my standard of excellence. The Mussels Portofino are amazing, not fishy tasting whatsoever. I am always skeptical of Shellfish in AZ, and usually not a fan of Mussels, but they have been fresh on every occasion here. The same goes for the clams, they are as fresh as can be. The house vinagrette that is served on the salad before your meal is tasty, and i can guarantee that you won't find one leaf of brown or wilted lettuce in your salad. :)As for the bar, Chris the bartender on the weekends really adds a nice touch to the place. He comes off as being down to business and straight to the point, as you would expect to encounter on the east coast. He will crack a smile once in a while and will chat it up with you it you start the conversation. You will often times see Gary, the owner walking around making sure that all of his guests are being properly taken care of.The decor in the place really illustrates how long this place has been around, and when you try the food or chat with Gary or one of the other old school staff members, you will feel like you have stepped into an NYC hole in the wall Italian Joint for the night.Whether you're looking for a great meal at a reasonable price with a laid back, yet classy atmosphere, or if you're just passing by and grab a drink at the bar, it's a sure bet that you will leave with a smile on your face, and maybe a little history on the place or the town.Treat yourself to an old school piece of Scottsdale history and have a nice New York Italian Style meal at The Grotto.
3	On a business trip I stopped here for lunch one day.  I had spaghetti and meatballs.  It was very average, I would say no better than the Olive Garden.  The service was decent and quick.  The atmosphere was pretty cool too.  There is better Italian food at a Deli / Italian grocery down the street, much better.
5	Wow!  Came from Seattle and heard about this place!  BEST lasagna ever!!  Staff is better than ever!
5	Whenever we are visiting Scottsdale we make a trip to the Grotto. The food is memorable, the ambiance interesting and the people watching phenomenal. This is a must vist restaurant for any local or visitor. We had the honor of introducing some natives to the Grotto when we spent time in Phoenix area some years back and we have never forgotten how amazed they were learning about the Grotto. We had a wonderful meal and a great evening. A friend is visiting AZ soon and we have told him he must have dinner at the Grotto. We live in Orlando and wish we had something as special as the Grotto here for dining and entertaining.
5	Gary is the man. Does it right, ever time. Just excellent food!! Period!
4	Had early dinner.  DBacks playoff game underway which drew everyone's attention.  Service was very food and food was great.
5	Gary's Grotto is by far the best; food, service, music & location.  Wine selection is fantastic!  We just love going to the Grotto!  A must for anyone visiting Old Towne Scottsdale or who lives in AZ.If you haven't been there; GET THERE.  You're missing out on a great afternoon or evening.Michelle TurnerBill Scherrer
4	My friend and I split and enjoyed the seafood over pasta special (it's an extra $5 to split entree which I usually won't do, but you get an extra salad so it was okay).  Service was good, environment relaxing, and my friend got to watch pro football game at same time (key requirement for the night).  Fried calamari hit the spot as appetizer.  Owner seemed to know what he was doing and had his being gracious groove on.  Waiter was good.  Clientele diverse.
2	We heard that Scottsdale the place to find good eats in the area. Most of the non-chain restaurants are located around here and if I had more time, I TOTALLY would have wanted to explore Old Town more!!Italian Grotto is a cute restaurant with waiters that don't really smile except when you're on your way out the door.There was no wait here on a Wednesday night around 7:30!! Here is what I ordered:1. Calarmari - It was okay. More fried batter than there was squid, but the pieces that DID have squid were good. THe batter is not too heavy and is fluffy like tempura batter..no that was decent.2. Garlic Bread - for 2 slices for bread drenched in garlic butter, $8 was a hefty price for what it was. too buttery and not enough bread!3. Eggplant/Mushroom Parm - This dish was a disaster. It came out with a side of spaghetti and the eggplant mushroom part of the entree was wrapped up in a shitload of cheese. It was, for all intents and purposes, a cheese pocket with ridiculously thin slices of eggplant and 7 pieces of mushroom shoved into it. It wasn't even good cheese..it was cheap cheese that was cold when it reached the table and similar to pizza cheese that had been refridgerated overnight. Blech.4.Tiramisu - This is the only reason I would ever return to this restaurant..it was AWESOME! I like the tiramisu where it is like biting into a sweet coffee cloud. I would come here and order 5 slices of tiramisu next time because this was the only part of the meal that impressed me..2 stars for the tiramisu..hip hip hooray!!
5	Ambience was amazing.  The dining room smelled fantastic.  Service was perfect (prompt and formal, yet unpretencious). We had Halibut with lemon/butter/caper sauce and Scallops over linguine.  Everything was fresh and delicious.  We were also very happy with the wine. It was a Malbec, only around $30 for the bottle, and it was great.
4	Great caprese salad. Our seafood medley was excellent. The marinara sauce and cream sauce was extremely tasty. The chicken parmesan and chicken benetoWere also very tasty. The malbec by the glass was also very good. Great location in old Scotsdale.We finished dinner and walked to Scotsdale Stadium to watch a great Fall league game betwen the Scorpions and the Javelina's!
5	My friend & I were in town for a couple nights so we decided to check out Scottsdale.  We were walking around looking for someplace to have dinner and came across Italian Grotto.  I read previous reviews & wasn't too sure how great our experience would be here, but decided to give this restaurant a try.  The staff here were awesome!  We got seated right away & service was top notch!  We immediately got served & all our drinks & food came out in a very timely manner.   We started out with a bottle of malbec wine for only $34, which we really enjoyed. Our waiter, Terrance was the excellent!  He recommended one of the specials which was a seafood medley of fish, calamari, shrimp, clams, mussels, & scallops in a cream sauce over linguine pasta.  I also had their soup of the day, homemade minestrone, which came with my meal.  Both were very good!  My friend had the clam rapallo: clams simmered in seafood stock, fresh garlic, herbs and white wine served over pasta. She had their house salad that also came with her meal.  She really enjoyed her meal as well.  The food was great, portion sizes generous, reasonable prices, nice ambience, friendly  & prompt service from all the staff!!! 3.5-4 stars on food quality, 5 stars for making our dining experience in Scottsdale memorable & great!
3	A vacation to Arizona usually calls for some southern or mexican food in my family, but once in awhile we have our cravings from seafood, When we saw the sign of seafood pasta, we immediately thought to give it a try. Between three of us, we ordered an antipasto appetizer, two seafood pastas: one with clams and mussels, the other with scallops, and a spinach ravioli. The antipasto was very good. It was very fabulous with lots of colors within the greens. It was refreshing, crisp, and all the flavors  in the vegetables were accented perfectly.I did not favor our entrees. They were not the hottest, which led me to feel like I wished it had been made and delivered immediately after. I thought the quality of the seafood was great.We were given tiramisu on the house which is what these three stars refer to. The tiramisu was beyond excellent. I would suggest skipping the entree and just getting the dessert when you visit. It will not disappoint.
5	We hadn't been here for 10 years and were curious to see if it was still here. We were looking for a Xmas eve place to eat dinner and it was last minute. We were able to get in at 6:30. It was a really wonderful evening. Very old school feel(no pun). Our server was a delightful older man and made us feel at home. My mother in law was very impressed when she had a small spill and her brought her soda water, and even a small pen to dab where needed. The food was terrific. Had small bowl of clams (would have gone large if I knew how good they were) and really enjoyed the crusty bread with the broth. We had basic pasta dishes. All good and they included salads. This at a price of 10-12, per. Dessert was a treat. Had heard the tiramisu was good and it was. The spumoni was also good and big enough to share. Great evening!!
5	When I walked into this place I felt like I was walking into a restaurant from Baltimore's Little Italy. The service was to the point but personal... Wine list was limited but selective, and the menu was excellent. Great bread, nice fresh seafood.
4	We have been there twice now and loved it both times.  They don't make you feel terribly welcome. Getting seated both times was a little awkward.  The waiters both times were really good (attentive) but a little standoffish.  The food has been excellent though.  I took the waiter's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super!  We will definitely go back and even will look forward a little to the pseudo feeling of being an intruder.  Oddly, combined with how good the food is, it is quite charming.
4	The owner was very Italian and a bit scary but it was okay because he was a character and the food was delicious! We ordered tons of different appetizers and the white wine they served us was perfect. I walked out looking four months pregnant. The only downside was that it was a bit chilly inside and I'm not the one to complain about quick service, but I did feel a little rushed between plates.
4	Went back to Grotto for the first time in many years.  I was a fan then, I still am.The restaurant is loud.  It's crowded.  And the food is good.  We started with mussels portifino (a white wine and garlic broth).  I liked that the dish was available in two sizes, the small being perfect for an app for two.  A little more bread to soak up the broth would have been nice, though.I also had a special of sea bass over ravioli topped with marinara.  I liked all the components except I never seem to learn I'm not so big on seafood with marinara.  The sea bass was a generous portion, and cooked perfectly, as was the ravioli.  I had a little bit of plate envy over my husband's halibut with a lemon butter sauce.  I had this dish the last time and loved it!Service was average.  Our waiter was relatively attentive, but not really friendly.  He oddly never made eye contact (not sure if he was always looking at something/someone else or just weird) and he rattled off the specials way too quickly.   Certainly not bad enough to deter me from going again.  But someone remind me not to order seafood in red sauce!
4	My team from work went here for lunch today, and had a great time. We ordered the fried zucchini and mozzarella, and I ate the lasagna for my main course. Food was tasty from appetizers to the main course. Service was attentive...our main server was the best, some of the other servers that were helping (we had a party of 13) weren't the friendliest but oh well. Overall food was great and seemed priced relatively well. The building is definitely older, but don't let it spoil your visit...the food alone made it a nice visit.
1	I sent my family tonight for dinner. They had a reservation for 7pm. At 7:30when my brother asked about the table the VERY rude owner Charlie told them toleave? HORRIBLE. Who does that to a party of 8 with 3 young children afterwaiting 45 minutes? Terrible customer service. UNBELIEVABLE. Do notgo to this restaurant!
5	Wow!  From the moment I heard the Sinatra music on the sidewalk to the last smell of marinara sauce in the air as I left the building, this place exceeded any expectation.  This place smelled, breathed, sounded and tasted of something you would expect in 70's Chicago or New York.  My buddy and I were in town for Spring Training and both agreed that this was the best spot to which we had been in 10 or so years making the annual trip.  He is a martini drinker and was blown away by the taste and abundance.  I had two glassed of fantastic Pinot.  We split a plate of manicotti as an appetizer (based on the recommendation of a long-time customer that was sitting at the bar while we were waiting for a table) and then each had the veal parmesan (outstanding).  I just wish I had saved some room for dessert.
5	Great spot.  Great Italian food.  It's always crowded (except in the heat of summer) worth the wait and always good.   The eggplant Parmesan with a mushroom sauce is exquisite.  Everything we have tried on the menu is great.  It's a highlight to a trip to the Phoenix area.
1	Apparently my review has been deleted.I am shocked. Even the review of the man Who agreed was deleted?????!!What a horrible experience we had with a party of 8 on march 10th. The owner who Was drinking beers was rude and extremely unprofessional. Who tells a party of 8 after waiting 45 min that they won't be seated because they asked if the table was ready? Really??? Do not go to this restaurant. Horrible.
1	I hadn't been there in about 3 years. The food was delicious. But the waiter RAISED THE PRICE ON ME,,,IT WAS A PRICE which was not the price on the menu!!  I saw a menu for lunch, but then the waiter raised the price by $5.00 dollars MORE for my entree and an extra dollar for my iced tea! I didn't really think about it until I got outside, thinking that the lunch I had bought was a bit too expensive, while rechecking the lunch menu posted outside. I had already paid for my meal and left. He had definately raised the price on my lunch meal by $5.00!!! There seems to be somekind of SCAM going on over there. Maybe the owner wasn't around...
1	This is a RETALIATION POST.  Should we start with the ambiance, people watching or wine selection.  All good.  No, we'll just dive in to the horrible handling of a bad dish.  My girlfriend ordered Veal Piccata and the dish was too salty to eat.   I was done with my meal by the time our waiter asked about her plate ( he took the plate away and said the "boss is fixing it.")  The "boss" came back from the kitchen with the original veal re-plated as a thinned down version of the original and blamed the saltiness on the Romano cheese.   [I've seen  the movie Waiting and could not discern what thinning agent they used.]  She did not taste the rinsed off version of the Veal Piccata.  She sent the plate back a second time.  The waiter told me that the boss and the chef had tasted her food and it was fine;  that same plate was redelivered to her to eat.  They charged us full price for the entree and offered no renumeration for their inedible meal.   Loved the soup, good wine and my Chicken Marsala, but when faced with candid legitimate criticism, they were indignant, incredulous, and rude.
1	Owner is an arrogant prick!!! Don't care if the food is good or not, but there are too many good restaurants in old town to give this guy your hard earned $$$$
1	This place is horrible. I wish I could tell you the chicken is rubber. I wish I could explain how rude the waiter was when he spilled scalding soup on my friends lap. The reason I can't tell you any of this is because my friends and I never got in. We arrived slightly early and spotted a parking spot right in front. Boom parking karma (Screeching brakes) until we can't fully pull in to the spot because of a drunken tweaker straddling the sidewalk. Should have tipped us off to how the evening was going to unfold. After sending ahead our low man on the totem pole we are told there will be a wait. Hey no problemo. It's 7:55 and we've got an 8:00 reservation. As we hang outside it becomes glaringly obvious this joint has no intentions of seating any of the folks who are waiting WITH RESERVATIONS. As we wait one of our group says he was tipped off to this place listening to a local San Francisco sports show. Lo and behold there is said morning show host Murphy(must be tough being named after a wedgie) blocking the front entrance and generally acting like a douche. Eventually we reached the breaking point and left when the host informed us that it would be a 90 minute wait from our reservation time. HA. The positive to the whole experience was the CD we bought off some dude outside while we waited. It had some awesome beats and the legendary track 7 titled "Who the F**k are you?" came in handy when we circled the block and bumped the radio to 11 while letting Murph know he is a tool. Hey maybe next year I'll actually get inside to try some food.
1	****THIS IS A REPOST OF MY PREVIOUS COMMENT BECAUSE IT WAS DELETED BY THE RESTAURANT******This place is horrible. I wish I could tell you the chicken is rubber. I wish I could explain how rude the waiter was when he spilled scalding soup on my friends lap. The reason I can't tell you any of this is because my friends and I never got in. We arrived slightly early and spotted a parking spot right in front. Boom parking karma (Screeching brakes) until we can't fully pull in to the spot because of a drunken tweaker straddling the sidewalk. Should have tipped us off to how the evening was going to unfold. After sending ahead our low man on the totem pole we are told there will be a wait. Hey no problemo. It's 7:55 and we've got an 8:00 reservation. As we hang outside it becomes glaringly obvious this joint has no intentions of seating any of the folks who are waiting WITH RESERVATIONS. As we wait one of our group says he was tipped off to this place listening to a local San Francisco sports show. Lo and behold there is said morning show host Murphy(must be tough being named after a wedgie) blocking the front entrance and generally acting like a douche. Eventually we reached the breaking point and left when the host informed us that it would be a 90 minute wait from our reservation time. HA. The positive to the whole experience was the CD we bought off some dude outside while we waited. It had some awesome beats and the legendary track 7 titled "Who the F**k are you?" came in handy when we circled the block and bumped the radio to 11 while letting Murph know he is a tool. Hey maybe next year I'll actually get inside to try some food.
3	Came here on accident, really, because the place we wanted to eat at was longer serving dinner.  This place was at 10pm, and we were starving.  My friend and I had the Spinach ravioli with pomodoro sauce, which was recommended by the waiter.  It was just okay.  Our third friend had the eggplant and mushroom parmagiana with marinara sauce.  I liked her marinara better than my pomodoro.  The entrees came with a soup or salad.  I had the minestrone, which was really delicious, fresh, and not over seasoned.  My friends had at the salad which was also very tasty, especially with their house dressing.  Because they had run out of bread, the waiter comped us an order of garlic bread, which was drenched in butter, they way we liked it!  The prices were quite high I thought for pasta, but it is a touristy and trendy area.  Well, without this experience, this place would just be another place to eat.  The owner of the restaurant came over to us, said he had heard our conversation all about the SF Giants, the reason we were in town, and suggested we go to the bar to talk to some gentlemen.   I looked over and thought, what the heck is he talking about?   He then brought us over to the bar and introduced us to the father of a Cy Young award winning pitcher...won't mention names...and The Beat writer of the SF Giants.  So...if you are a baseball fan...it's not a bad idea to visit this place!!
1	The inebriated owner commanded us, mere pawns in his game of drunk restaurant chess, to a table in the back with his index finger, very much resembling in manner an old nonchalant cavalry brigadier. That same finger told us, dummies, to wait for minutes next to the table while it got cleaned. But it was a different finger that kicked us out of the restaurant for asking the owner - who happened to also be our waiter - to repeat something he mentioned from his improvised lunch menu. This was the middle finger, which he flipped at us along with a healthy dose of swearing and insults in his determination to make sure that we would never again return to his glorious establishment for our terrible misconduct. But that particular finger came out only after our table was swept away from us in a fury of hate and madness as innocent bystanders watched in horror. We exited the restaurant in silence and humiliation for our contemptible actions. Never again would we stand up for our right to repeat what a waiter says - lesson learned! And never would we receive the honor of trying one of the Grotto's legendary food offerings. Confused? Then my review has served its purpose. My feeling of confusion lingered on that day, and only after my thought process finally cleared a bit did I start to comprehend the fact that this was undeniably the most repulsive restaurant experience of my life. Thanks to the Grotto, my standards for restaurant service have sank to the bottom of Mariana's Trench! In retrospect, since this episode, I am actually really enjoying visits to very average restaurants. My ultimate recommendation to fellow Yelpers: when your standards for restaurant service become impossible to satisfy and you see yourself handing out a bunch of 3 star reviews, do yourself a favor and pay the Italian Grotto a visit!
1	Don't go here if you like to have conversations with your friends during dinner. Don't go if you don't like paying fairly high prices for hit and miss food. And do NOT go here if you want friendly service. The service either ends up great, or crap. And to be honest I think the people who work there take thier attitudes from the owner. He just gets ruder and more arrogant (and more drug addled) as the years go by, won't be comming here... EVER again.
1	Wow I really wish I could give this place 0 stars. Do not come here especially with kids. The manager is a complete drunk that walks around the tables touching kids and making them feel very uncomfortable. The people sitting next to us had kids and ended up leaving because the drunk manager kept touching them. Although the food was pretty good the service was terrible. Our waiter never came by to check on how we were doing, he got my friends order wrong and he was extremely rude about it when he asked him to re make it. If you like drunk owners walking around touching children, terrible service and pretty good food then come here otherwise stay out!
3	Food was great, unfortunately the staff left much to be desired. Given the rest of the choices in the area though, it's best to opt for good food and bad service.
1	Came here to celebrate a special event. Decided on Grotto because of the reviews but couldn't be disappointed more. Rude and disrespectful owner/server who was very judgmental. We ended up leaving due to his demeanor and treatment. Want a similar experience? Make reservations and enter at  your own risk.
5	As a longtime customer of the grotto, I am appalled by some of the latest reviews. The owner would NEVER do anything to hurt a child. I have been bringing my nephew there  for years and he adores him. If anything, he likes the kids better the parents. As for having to wait past your reservation time, I agree with others. If you have ever been here during the month of March, you would realize that almost everywhere you go, this is a regular occurrence. As a matter of fact, many restaurants don't even take reservations during this month. Since the Grotto has been around for 36 years with the same owner, it is evident that he is doing something right. I have worked In many restaurants and bars in Old Town over the last 20 years, and the Grotto is one of the few that is still standing. If you want a place with terrific food, character and personality, and dedicated employees and owner, then the Grotto is your place. If you want a place where you are waited on by a warm body and the owner is nowhere to be found, I suggest you head to one of the many chain restaurants.
4	Nice ambiance and good seafood for AZ. Would definitely recommend this place. Waiter also gave us free dessert!
3	Food was good.  Portions were small.  Not the cleanest retaurant I've ever been in.
4	Awesome place, I've had better Italian, but the atmosphere and service truly make up for it. Go check it out, if I'm ever back to Scottsdale I'll most likely be back and try other dishes. Sax player was awesome.
1	I concur with several other customers commenting on the owner. We frequented this restaurant for years however once we saw the other side of the owner, that was it for us.  Unpleasant and Rude is an understatment. It's not the way we want to spend a nice evening.
5	My husband and I have driven by this place maybe 1,000 times.  Finally, on our 13th wedding anniversary, as we were walking by Frank Sinatra's dulcet tones lured us in.  The atmosphere was romantic.  The decor very Mad Men.  No wait on a Tuesday evening (we got lucky) and our waiter Brandon (who said he also answers to Meatball - you gotta love that) could not have been more charming or attentive.  The wine was a generous pour.  Our meals were divine - shrimp marinara and mussels portofino - and given that I was raised on the east coast, I'm pretty picky.  A perfect evening.  I highly recommend this joint ;-)
1	As soon as we walked in, the greasy haired "Guy" walked up to me and said, "You look young...." I'm thinking, "Was I just insulted?". So I asked my daughter and she said, "Geez! I think so?" The night went DOWNHILL from there. I was publicly chastised for listening to a message on my cell - from my deployed Son, by the way, and the wine menu was yanked from my hand and I was ordered to have the big red wine that I didn't want and didn't enjoy. So I ordered my own bottle and ended up paying for both. Be warned - the wine list is very, very thin. This guy gives Snottsdale a BAD name. After spending a couple of hundreds, I left angry, humiliated and almost forgot what I ate because I hated this Maniac so much for almost ruining a well deserved night out with my family. The food? Pretty good for way overpriced Italian. Too bad there is such a big DISCONNECT between the front of the house and the kitchen. The whole experience left a bad taste in my mouth, regardless of some of the better Italian food found in the area. I'll spend my discretionary income where it is appreciated and hope to God that someone gets rid of that JERK. NO GO GROTTO says it all. Thanks for reading! In All Sincerity, FoodBlogger
5	I had the best TIME here at any bar in Scottsdale. Do you want amazing service? GO HERE. Feel like your at home? GO HERE. Nuff said
5	This is my absolute favorite restaurant!  It's about the food, because it's so delicious; but it's more about the atmosphere!  It just reminds me of old Italian family when I come in here!  My friends and I stumbled upon this place about 5 years back and have been wonderful patrons ever since!  Now, you have to understand something about this place... it is not a chain and so things aren't run the same systematic way.  Yes, the owner drinks on occasion and is the host... so sometimes you will wait 45 minutes with a reservation.  As you can see, my star rating is still a 5.  Make friends with these guys and trust their opinions and you will be family!  I take my other family there for EVERY major event (birthdays, graduation.. etc).  I just love this place, and I hope you will go and check it out, and remember to get their minestrone soup!  It is to DIE for!!
5	Easy access in great old town Scottsdale location. Parking can be tough if you go late.Got seated right away. Waiters and host very friendly like seeing an old friend each time you go there. Restaurant is small and NY Italian style food.Service fast friendly and full size portions. Great authentic Italian dishes and appetizers. They pour long drinks and waiters try to be fun and will drink with you.Try the calamari, all pastas, meatball and sausage dishes. All winners.Great experience and mid to upper price range and worth it. Enjoy!
4	Some of the best Seafood in old town. The clams and mussels in cream sauce is a must try appetizer. The house salad and bread are perfect. I also suggest you try the Chilean Sea Bass.
5	This was my 2nd trip to the Italian Grotto, I live in old town and try to support the locals.  Both times were week days and the place was pretty quiet, we were seated right away and both the waiter (Brandon) and the owner were very nice.I had the chicken fontina and my friend had the chicken benito, both were excellent.  Brandon was very attentive and made sure our wine glasses were full.  It was my friends birthday and Brandon gave us a free dessert, which was also very good.  The owner is sometimes a little loud, but has never been rude.  I think it might be the east coast thing.  All in all, the prices were good, food was awesome, and our service both times has been exceptional.I love it when the windows are open!!  Oh, I did hear they were trying to make some sort of patio.  Which would be dog friendly,  yuck, I don't like dining with animals.  So we'll see....
3	3 stars.TL;DR: pros for good Italian fare, friendly ambiance; cons for selling too hard, and check your bill for miscalculations.Meal: 4 stars- (appetizers) Caesar salad; fried calamari- (entree) scallop oreganata- (daily special) Chilean sea bassAmbiance and service: 3.5 stars- funny, smooth-talking waiter- sports bar: dim but friendly, buzzing with chatter; lots of bobble headsBill miscalculation: 1 starsCame here with my family late on a weekday evening. I wasn't hungry, so I ordered an appetizer salad ($8). Waiter asked if I wanted to add grilled chicken -- I figured it was $2 or $3 more, so I said yes. Waiter offered garlic bread, to which we declined, but he said he would "throw it in anyway."The food came in good time and was a solid, Italian meal. Chilean sea bass was tender -- delicious! Fried calamari is fried calamari, but very good. The good-humored waiter came by often to check on us, cracking jokes and whisking away plates.When the bill came, we noticed a $30+ overcharge!- My $8 Caesar salad turned into a $20 entree: the waiter said "All our chicken orders are $20." A fair waiter should have notified me if adding grilled chicken on a salad is more than a couple of dollars -- especially if there is no "grilled chicken Caesar salad" entree on the menu.- The garlic bread that was "thrown in anyway" was suddenly an extra $6.- Even given these prices, the total was an additional $17 over -- a pure miscalculation.We notified the waiter and had everything fixed (except for the salad... oh well). Overall, it was $30/person with the correction -- on the pricey side. Ended on a sour note, but had good portions and friendly staff... I would return, but with a greater wariness for the bill.
4	My husband and I stumbled upon this place after driving in from Orange County. We decided to spend the night in Scottsdale and check out the downtown.We immediately loved the decor and definitely had a local feel. We were seated at the perfect table which was right in front of one of the windows and next to the bar! And after the long drive we were looking for cocktails! I had a Kettle One dirty martini which was perfecto and my hubby enjoyed a margatini - both hit the spot. To start out with we ordered the mussels with the Rapallo sauce which was delicious and a nice sauce to also dip our bread in - heaven! Next I enjoyed their house salad which was fresh with a light dressing while my husband enjoyed their minestrone soup. It was truly one of the best soup's we have had. Then we ordered a nice bottle of Barbera that went perfect with my Grande Lasagna which was fantastico! I never order Lasagna but had a craving for a heavy pasta and it was right on spot. The several different cheeses, meats and sauce did a happy dance in my mouth. It was perfectly baked not dry or overdone. Meat sauce then ground meat and Italian sausage layered with two cheeses - ricotta and mozzarella! This was not a noncaloric meal something that Paula Dean or the Barefoot Contessa would approve of! My husband had the Veal Carolina and he said it was great - I will take his word for it as I do not like veal.Since we were full and "stuffed like a tic" as they say in the south we forgo dessert although it was very tempting. We enjoyed our experience here tremendously the food was great and the service was very attentive. If we stumble back in Scottsdale we will be sure to return and hopefully enjoy a dessert next time.
4	Cheers to some real Italian dining in Old Town! I can't believe I don't dine here more often. It's one of those restaurants that you kind of forget about until you're walking by it after dinner and think "oh yeah I really need to go there sometime!" Last night we finally remembered to go here and I'm glad we did! Italian grotto is some authentic Italian dining that's owned by a group of Chicago folks. It's homey, warm, sports fill the TVS above the bar, they make sure you leave as stuffed as can be and the environment is great. Every walk of life dines here, whether it be a couple on a romantic date, a family of tourists dining here after a ball game or a large group celebrating a birthday. The restaurant isn't huge but it's not tiny either. It's exactly the size you'd expect an Italian restaurant to be. The food here is some delicious, fatty Italian. Forget about counting your carb intake here because you will soon loose count! The meal begins with soft and fresh sourdough bread with vinegar and olive oil for dipping. We tried the mozzarella marinara which was fried mozzarella. How can you find anything wrong with fried cheese? I sure can't. Every entree comes with soup or salad. I tried the homemade minestrone which was delicious. It came in a huge bowl though and I couldn't even try to finish it, but I definitely enjoy several tasty sips! For my main meal I ordered the chicken carolina which was a very large chicken breast covered in more mozzarella as well as mushrooms and sitting on a bead of pasta. Like I said, the carb-count is out the window for this meal! Everything they serve comes in huge portions so sadly I could barely even make a dent into my chicken either, but every bite I had made me want to push myself to take another one! The entire meal was food-coma worthy and sadly, we were too stuffed to try their homemade triamisu. Next time though! If you are in Old Town and looking for some lively Italian dining, head straight to the Italian Grotto and afterwards, go a few doors down to the Rusty Spur for some live country music and drinks!
4	My boyfriend and I were looking to celebrate because I got a new job and he made a big sale for work. Therefore, we began looking up good Italian food on Yelp and found the Italian Grotto, which happens to be right by where by boyfriend works. We went to dinner pretty early so we were one of the very few people in there besides  some individuals whom were there for happy hour. We started with a nice bottle of chardonnay and calamari. We were big fans of the calamari, I tend to see quite a few reviews on Yelp that suggest some people think all calamari was created equal and I disagree. The breading was very light and crispy and had some spice to it, the squid itself was very tender and was what I consider the perfect consistency for fried calamari. One of the only downfalls of the whole meal was the bread that was first brought out. We were pretty hungry when we got in and the bread didn't come until right before the calamari, a good 10 minutes after the drinks, and when it came it became clear that this bread had been sitting out for quite some time and was starting to harden up. Certainly not a deal breaker but something I tend to look forward to when heading out for Italian cuisine. Next came the salads, I had the red wine vinaigrette and my boyfriend had the bleu cheese. Both of the dressings had great taste, my only criticism would be that the lettuce was not dried off very well after washing, once again not a huge issue, but something we remembered. Finally, the entrees. I ordered the scallops in a white wine sauce over a bed of pasta, and my boyfriend got the Chilean sea bass over spinach ravioli. Not the absolute best scallops or piece of Chilean sea bass we had ever had but the sauces they came in were to die for. Then the waiter noticed how much we were digging the sauce and brought us out a basket of fresh bread still warm and soft. I don't think they had to put those plates in the dishwasher after we were through with them. Our server did a great job, he was knowledgeable, friendly, and most importantly gave you space without being negligent. The atmosphere was precisely what I look for in an Italian restaurant. It's casual enough to be fun and relaxed, great music playing the whole time (Dean, Frank and company), very colorful obscure painting on the walls, but also had the ambiance to back up its pricing. We wanted to get desert but we had a hard time standing up straight we were so full. So we didn't for a while, enjoyed our seat next to the window as the sun was setting on Old Town Scottsdale and watched the world go by as we finished up our bottle of chardonnay. All in all a tad on the expensive side but I certainly will be going back to try a few other things on the menu.
5	LOVE this place! Great food and service every time. The location is great and the atmosphere is amazing!
3	A pretty good place in old Scottsdale, easy to get to and lots of parking all around it.  Service was decent and the portions are generous.  Some of the entrees were really great and others I found to be a bit too salty, though still quite good.  The desserts were excellent.  Price is just a little high compared to places with similar food that aren't in Scottsdale, but we know we'll pay a penalty for eating in that city so it's expected.They had excellent bread with a spiced-up butter, but I like to also have bread with olive oil.  Unfortunately the oil provided on the table was either bad or it was one of those mixes where they use vegetable oil to cheapen it.  Either way, the oil simply tasted awful.Overall I'd go again when I'm in the area, but wouldn't go out of my way to get there.
1	If I could, I would give this place zero stars! The food was not bad but if you like to be treated rudely and enjoy crappy service then this is a place for you! Right when we were seated my husband wanted to get up and leave but we were in a large group so out of respect for everyone else who was hungry in our group we stayed.
1	Garbage is the only nice word that comes to mind
1	If you want good (even great) food and GOOD service, just walk down the street a block or so to Bandera
3	The location is great. The side wall opens to the street for a patio feel. The service was ok...the 5 of us didn't get menus for at least 5 minutes after we sat down and it was 2:00 on Sunday afternoon. Lot of flies, probably (hopefully) due to open windows. The food was basic, nothing to note. The caesar dressing was really fishy.
5	Wandered in to this place on our first trip to Scottsdale back in 2004-thought I was in New York City with the Sinatra music! Great, funky atmosphere and wonderful food. The sea bass is eaxcellent and so is the garlic bread. Very relaxed, old time Italian place like what you would find in New York, San Francisco or Chicago. Don't let the funkiness scare you away-the food and service are wonderful! Very friendly waiters and the owner is sometimes behind the bar charming everyone in site. Highly recommended!
4	I had a great experience at Italian Grotto a couple weeks ago. I love the atmosphere of the restaurant. It feels very authentic. I love how most of the servers are older (maybe Italian?) men who aren't afraid to be a little loud and outlandish. Our server made great suggestions. The food was really good. I had halibut- piccata style. My boyfriend had shrimp parmesan which he said was also good. I haven't found very many legit Italian places in Phoenix so I'm glad I finally went here.
4	My coworker and I were in Scottsdale for a conference and didn't want to stay at the mixer that night so we went to Old Scottsdale to look for a restaurant to eat.Italian Grotto was dark and crowded...it must be good.The restaurant had a great garlic smell to it...I know why. It's the delicious garlic toast! The garlic toast had real diced chunks of garlic on top of the grilled bread! SO freaking awesome.The Caesar salad was also the bomb because they add in anchovies...yum! Our server was great too...bubbly and energetic. What I didn't like too much about this place is the lack of pasta options. It was mainly ravioli, cannelloni, and lasagna.
1	Good food. Worst dining experience ever. The waiter was extremely rude. Will never go here again.
1	The worst customer experience ever!!! For such a small place, you would think they'd care about keeping patrons happy. But our waiter was rude and impersonal and the owner approached the table and was even worse!! Would not recommend. Spend your $$$$ elsewhere.
5	EXCELLENT!  Outstanding service from "meatball".  Very good food.  Reasonable prices.  Will be back.
4	Luckily i didnt let the outside scare me away. The food was delicious...Chicken Picatta was so flavorful and juicy.
1	I can't even give this a one star yet i have to for this post.  I am out of town on a business trip and we made a reservation for 12.  We were told that we would get one table and as we arrived there was two tables to accommodate us.  We had no problem with this.  As our server arrived; one of our guests asked for a $50 bottle of wine yet we were told to "pick up the wine list and tell what we wanted". But we knew the name.  Then numerous guests at our table were told we were not sitting directly in front of our napkin/place settings.  At this point we asked if we were inconveniencing him to be there and asked to see a manger.  The short gentleman approved and was so rude and condescending to us.  He stated he was a manager but we later found out he was the son of our waiter.  We immediately left; but was followed by the servers son and was cursed and flipped the bird.  I would not recommend this place to my worst enemy.  Don't waste your time.  Once we realized we were speaking with an owner and she had to tell the gentleman faking as a manager to stop staring and threatening us to leave our presence, that is when we realized its a poorly managed establishment.
1	Let me start by saying, I work in television. Specifically, I work on television shows that rip managers like the one here new assholes in front of millions of people. Say what you want about Kitchen Nightmares, Bar Rescue and Kitchen Impossible, but we take people like the manager that works here and kick them to the curb where lowlifes like her belong. The only thing I can say is I WISH we were shooting this bar so I could give this bitch what she deserves. The following is a detailed encounter with the WORST MANAGER I HAVE EVER SEEN IN MY CAREER. Skip to the second to last paragraph if you just want the punchline. I'll understand. I'll set the scene for you: It's a Thursday night, my crew and I are on location working on said television show in Scottsdale. My boyfriend is from New York and we were looking to catch the Knicks game. Alas, we were pointed to "the best Italian joint in Arizona" by a neighboring bar owner. We walk on over and set up shop in a lovely little bar, we chat it up with the Bartender, TR, he's great, welcoming, from jersey, he even shares tales of the owner's history in New York. Everything is going swimmingly, what a great night out with friends, right? We order a few appetizers  bucket of clams, bucket of mussels and 3 light beers. All delicious. Atmosphere is beautiful, great old school music, just a great New Yorker's bar. One of our guys is an HUGE Ucla fan so of course, he brought his Ipad with him so he could stream the UCLA game. This is where shit begins to quickly go south. My friend asks the TR if he could use the wireless to stream a little better. TR kindly directs us to a heavy set, dark haired woman bundled up like she's never been in weather below 80 degrees before. My friend kindly approaches her and asks if she's the manager. Her reply: "I don't work here".... hmmm My friend and I are perplexed... Well that strange because  TR just said you were the manager. My friend, confused, turned to TR assuming he must have asked the wrong woman. Nope, that was her and she just told us she didn't work here. Annoyed but polite, my friend leans over to her to get her attention and confront her about saying she didn't work here. He's joking with her at first, with a smile on his face. Her quip back to my friend, no lie this is what she said, "WHAT DO YOU WANT?". My friend is taken back by her aggressive nature and explains all he was going to ask was if he could use the internet. She aggressively tells him she doesn't know the password and walks to the end of the bar, yells over customers to TR (the nicest bartender on the planet) not to direct customers to her and if they want internet "THEY CAN PAY FOR 4G"**Personal Note: Bitch, we have 4G.We kept our mouths shut until we finished our drinks and food. Contemplated staying because the locals at the bar acknowledged the manager is known for being a bitch. TR was so great and welcoming and apologized for her behavior. Sadly, despite TR's attempt, we had to leave out of purpose alone. We close our tab, take care of TR because he's awesome and make our way to the door. Before making our way completely out the door, my friend leans over to the manager and QUIETLY lets her know A) She's a terrible manager and B) we're leaving because of her. That's when she literally went Cat. 5-Batshit-Crazy on us. Screaming at my friend in front of the ENTIRE Restaurant, "DON'T POINT YOUR FINGER AT ME!!!" "IF YOU WEREN'T SO CHEAP TO PAY FOR 4G YOU WOULDN'T HAVE THIS PROBLEM" We let her know politely we're leaving and she's acting crazy to her reply, "LEAVE MOTHER FUCKERS!" Yep. She called us mother fuckers for asking if we could use the internet. "DON'T FUCKING COME BACK HERE YOU CHEAP ASSHOLES." Yep. That was another one that really stood out. It's a shame. We roll with a crew of 60 people and every city we're in, we take over a local bar and restaurant for the 3 weeks we're in town. We understand the hospitality industry and we applaud great work and most of the time overlook bad behavior. I can honestly say I've never experienced such shocking behavior from anyone in the industry ever. I'm still completely blown away by how incredibly aggressive this woman was and how such a great place can employ such toxic behavior. I can say, despite TR's attempt to get us to come back, myself, nor anyone from our crew will bring business here while we're in town. With Love, K
4	Came in here on Parada del Sol to grab a quick bite. They were fairly busy but we were seated immediately. Nice atmosphere and the staff all seem very helpful to eachother. Almost like they've all been part of this team for a long time. Terence was our server and was just fantastic. He knows the menu very well and his suggestions were spot on. I had the spaghetti and meatballs, sister had Chilean sea bass with spinach ravioli and friend had chicken piccata. All of it fabulous. The bread and butter were awesome too. The salad dressings are so freaking good. I got house italian with blue cheese. Yumtown! The salad was fresh,cold and came with marinated onions of some sort. We all just loved it. The owner came over and said hi and really made us feel like we were regulars.....and I'm thinking we just might be.
1	One of the worst experiences I've ever had in Scottsdale.  These folks need to head back to NYC and take their terrible food, service and bad attitude with them.   I cannot believe all the good reviews here.   There were eight of us so they automatically add the tip and boy did we pay for it.   The terrible waiter who admitted he was from buffalo complained about us right to our face and the odd thing is we didn't do anything at all.  Owner came over at the end of he night and told me that you don't have to like everybody as he doesn't like his ex wives (?) and they didn't need our business as they're always packed. He also suggested I write a terrible review so I thought I should.  Food is expensive and below average. Definitely not worth it.
5	always great service.......the best. bought a condo near by 2 years ago and always go at least twice a week while in az. meatballs, the veal, etc. are excellant.but those who enjoy a fun server with expertise you can't go wrong.
5	It has been so long since I have had a meal that was perfect. Scallops on point, pasta aldente, amazing.
1	After a few months in India, I came back to good ol' Scottsdale to enjoy some western food. Decided to walk into Italian Grotto given the positive reviews.  Huge Mistake!Someone must be pumping up the stats of this place because my experience was absolutely awful. The owner appeared to be drunk and  harassing other patrons; thankfully not us!  The waitstaff was extremely rude and standoff-ish.  Our server gave us one minute to decide after he gave us the menus and then started being condescending because we were still reading through the choices.  Maybe he had somewhere more important to be? The salads came warm, the pasta came cold, and the water/napkins were never reloaded. There are several good Italian options in Scottsdale and this one's not worth another look. I don't post many reviews, but I would be doing a huge disservice to the Yelp community if I let this experience pass. This place must stay open because of its location because it has nothing else going for it. I wouldn't give this place another hard earned dime!Pros -- LocationCons -- Ugh, where do I start? Everything else.
4	What a dark place, It's romantic lighting I guess? There's a lotta ambient lighting from the open door, but it could be a bit lighter. We randomly showed up here because we wanted to go to the waffle house but it was packed (2 hour wait... yea not happening).  So italian is a good go to for me to try so we stopped here.  We parked in the back streets.  Nice place to walk around.The waiter was really nice, I think he must be related to the owner or is the owner since he was not dressed the same as everyone else.We had the bread and olive oil, it was not super strong olive oil but it was pretty good, and some really nice parm to go with it :)  We also go the garlic toast, wow it's strong stuff, i loved it but if you don't like super strong garlic with a sting, stay away.The Shrimp Del Grotto was very good, a bit overly salty, the guy actually noted that it looked darker than normal, it wasn't to the point of not good so I kept it.  The Scallop Scampi was also very good, nice big scallops, even the picky lil girl liked them.The calamari was pretty good as well.The butter for the bread (which they serve normally, you have to ask for the olive oil) is a bit too solid, but it is some kinda red pepper butter and tasted good.We did show up here on a Sunday around 2 pm, so it worked out that it wasn't too busy, the bar was hopping cuz there was some game going on and a lotta cheering which breaks that whole dark romantic mood lol.  Talk about conflicting message from teh same place but overall a place I'd go to again.  It is pricey though fyi.
4	My husband and I went to Scottsdale to watch a spring training Giants game on Sun. We arrived on Sat. and the OLD TOWN Scottsdale was jumping. We walked by the Grotto and since they had outdoor seating decided to dine their.At first the Host/owner told us they didn't have a table outside.He re-thought it and sat us at a small table which we didn't mind. We thought the service was great the food was great and the host/owner was a HOOT. Of course I am in the restaurant business myself so sometimes wacky is fun! We liked it so much we went back on Sun. after the game and ate there again.At the bar which was fun. We will definately go back the next time we are in town
1	Do you enjoy being treated like sh!t?  Do you like it when a greasy illiterate "maitre 'd" insults you?  If so the Italian Ghetto is for you.
4	Great place for people 30+ years old.  i.e me!  Kind of divey but good.  Food was pretty good too.  I had the veal.
1	Will never be back. Look up the definition of rude and you will see a picture of the owner! I have never been so disrespected by someone...so much so that I heard what he said AFTER I left and I stopped my shopping trip and went back to confront him!!!
2	Italian Grotto is a wonderful place with delicious meals if you are in a hurry!  Four of us went to the Grotto on Sat with reservations at 6.  We agreed to meet at 5 to drink and socialize before dinner.  The restaurant wasn't very crowded, but the bar was packed.  We asked to be seated early and management was more than happy to do so.  We talked, had some refreshments and then ordered our dinner.  We barely finished dinner and dessert when the manager came up to our table and asked us to leave so he could sit another group.  We understood it was now crowded and the restaurant isn't very large.  The waiter brought our bill and we paid it right away and were getting ready to depart when the manager again came over and literally ordered us to leave. This action was right on the edge of harrassment.  After all we spent over $200.00, and have the right to depart when we're ready.  We let the manager know how obnoxious he was and that we intend to make the owner aware of his attitude.  On our way out, he let us know that he was the f...... owner (I doubt it).  Although the food is good, Italian Grotto will NOT see this foursome again.
1	I have never written a review before, but after a restaurant experience like this one, I felt as though it was necessary. Myself and 3 others came here after our finding out the restaurant we originally wanted to go to had an hour wait. Honestly, we would have been better off waiting an hour for that place. Our worst decision of the evening was choosing this restaurant. We were seated right away, but didn't receive our actual meals until an hour later. We received our appetizers fairly quickly, but 30 minutes went by after that and we hadn't heard anything about where our food was. Servers were coming out of the kitchen left and right with everyone's plate but ours. Our server then told us that they were backed up. It wasn't that busy in there at the time, and it sure didn't seem like they were backed up if everyone around us were getting their dinners. We even saw people sit down after us, finish their meals, and leave! We stopped another waiter and asked what could be taking so long, and he said they were just busy. We waited, and waited. The man who sat us seemed to be the owner/manager of the place, so we got his attention and kindly asked if he could check on our food because now it's been 40 minutes since our appetizers. He preceded to argue with us and say "I know when I sat you, and I sat you 20 minutes ago!" I've never had the owner of a restaurant basically call us liars and talk so rudely to us. How he could stand there and say that in a stern voice to us when we were the ones sitting there looking at our watches the whole time - I'll never know. The management was just terrible. That is $15 I'll never spend on a meal there again. We were thrilled to finish our food and receive our checks. Hopefully they'll read the note we left on the back of our receipt..but I have a feeling they could care less if they ever see their customers twice because they get a lot of one timer tourists. Oh, and their bread was extremely hard and cold. Awful experience.
4	Boyfriend and I spent a good deal of time here after the Spring Training game we went to. Just needed a place to relax, continue with the drinks, and hang out. As a disclaimer, this is a review for the atmosphere and the experience. We did not order any food here, just beers.Pros:(+) Nice atmosphere. Got tables, a bar, and TVs so you can watch whatever game you want (+) Down to earth - a lot of the staff seemed to know their patrons and have a personal relationship with them. Also willing to chat with you. (we were playing a game on our ipad and occasionally asked the bartenders for help solving a problem, and they were totally down to play and help out)(+) Full bar, sufficient assortment of beers(+) The food looked pretty good, from what I witnessed around the restaurant. Saw someone eating what looked like spaghetti and meatballs which looked deliciousCons: (-) One bathroom, which kinda sucks in a bar (-) A few of the bartenders I noticed did have somewhat of an attitude, but I think you just kinda have to have a backbone and not let it bother you. Overall, a cool dig.
2	I am so disappointed. We were seated immediately around 1:15 on a Friday which was nice. Our waiter was texting like crazy which was not. Then we watched him get into his car and drive away. The salad lettuce was limp and the bread pretty much made our mouths bleed. We ordered the Fettucini Alfredo, cannelloni, and the manicotti verde. The crepes in the cannelloni were very rubbery and the filling lacked flavor. Our server was and the owner was not here. However we spoke to the manager and she took care of our entire meal which was nice but didn't make up for the terrible experience.
5	My wife and I went here two nights ago while staying in Scottsdale. Had a great time. Baked Ravioli was outstanding. Great atmosphere. We are going to go again and try something else.
5	My girlfriend and I go every other year to the bike show and make a point of eating at the Italian Grotto. We love to eat at the bar because the bartenders are always entertaining and friendly. The food is absolutely THE BEST. We had the Tomato Toast and fried artichokes for appetizers and they were DELICIOUS. Then we had the Chilean Sea Bass and Halibut and they were PERFECT!! We spent probably five hours at the bar and enjoyed every minute. Can't wait to go back again!
1	This place is a pit! My first and last time ever eating at this place! Our server seems like he just hates his job and hates dealing with people ... The owner who was definitely drunk didn't listen to the problem I was having with my meal before blowing up... So here's what happened we walked in and it took 5 mins before anyone came to seat us, no biggie . The server comes up no apology or anything,but again no biggie . We are seated next to the kitchen door even though there are multiple tables available. I'm hungry so I don't say anything but at this point I'm feeling like this guy has something personal against me haha. He hands us our menus and walks away. No drink orders or anything! So I call him back and ask him to take our drink orders and he still has no apology... Who trained this guy? So he comes back to take our orders and I ordered the red snapper and my girlfriend orders a plate of spaghetti. The food arrives and to be honest it smelled good and I was excited to chow down... I took a bite and the taste was just off... I tried to eat it any way because I really didn't feel like dealing with the server again. But after maybe 5 bites I couldn't take anymore... I called over the server and told him that I think the fish may be old and that it has a bad taste he just looked at me like I was an idiot... And I  guess the owner heard me because he rushed to the table basically yelling that his fish is fresh and that the fish I was eating was just shipped that morning... I waited for him to finish and asked for my money back and told him we would take our business elsewhere. His face got red like I asked if I could kiss his wife or something...  He yells a bit louder now that the fish was half eaten and that we would have to pay for it... By this time the whole room is staring at us. I threw down some cash on the table and my girlfriend and I walked out.... This was by far the weirdest, worst restaurant experience of my life... These guys need to be shut down or need a change of ownership... You can't treat people the way they do and just get away with it because they are a " New York" style restaurant ... I've been to New York and the cabbies have more class than this man... Their 3 1/2 star rating is a joke!!
1	The food is actually decent, but the management is so awful and rude that I will never spend another dollar to keep that place in business.  Along with every other restaurant in Old Town during Spring Training, they were busy on a Sunday night.  After waiting an hour for our food, we only received half-assed, cold responses from any waiter we tried to stop.  Lastly, we asked the owner of the restaurant he was the worst.  He basically yelled at us, and was completely unhelpful.  The entire staff needs to learn to appreciate a customer.  The service not only ruined our dinner, but the rest of our night.
5	Think soup Nazi for Italian food.  You either love it or you hate it.  I think their modus operandi is to size up a table and treat you with an attitude.  If you have thick skin, will open your wallet, and are "real" to them, they'll treat you like family; if not, they'll kick you out, as they did to a young couple next to us.I chose the Chilean sea bass with Ravioli and it was incredible.  Our waiter took shots with our table and our service and food were great.  It's a dining experience I recommend to anyone.
1	I think this owner and the owner of Amy's Baking Company are soul mates. That is all...
5	Phenominal old school authentic Italian.  You will love the red sauce here.  Highly recommend.
2	Salty canned clam sauce.  Thick overly capery veal piccata. Terrible cafeteria salad.  No fresh pasta to be seen.  This is college cafeteria Italian. Also, they wouldn't give us our free dessert because we didn't print the coupon. The manager was dressed like a  midwestern dad in sneakers and jeans.  The place screams "I can't be bothered" with customers.
5	I wish I could give this place 10*'s. Absolutely the first place I'd recommend for a tourist or a food snob. I've been coming here since I first moved to Arizona in 2001, and this is my go to spot. The ambiance is laid back & sexy, and the staff beyond hospitable. I just read a review from Sandy about this place, name tags and uniforms?... This isn't Denny's my dear, Welcome to class..Back to the subject on hand, I do recommend the Chicken Parma and the minestrone soup! Soooo amazing! Applausi
1	The restaurant is nice as a family place but Henry on staff is dishonest. Tried to Telly table and I that "something in the salad" is an anchovy. I took a picture and posted it. It's a cockroach!We left without finishing/paying...so gross.
1	Just left the place, at home now waiting for a pizza as we left this place in disgust! Not only are we disgusted at the NASTY BUG! (see the last picture) in my friends salad but also at the attitude server Henry gave us as we pointed this out to him. He insisted in a rude manner that this was an anchovie. I'm pretty sure anchovies don't have legs and wings and look like a freaking BUG. I know he didn't want to make a scene for the parties around us, so he tried to make us look stupid. Well sorry Henry, the only stupid one here is you, especially for telling us to "just leave" after you failed to accept this mistake. That's the worst thing you can do to your costumers who have frequented this place. HORRID!we figure this place stays busy and open because of its amazing location. that's all it has going for it.
1	Horrible horrible horrible.....Is that the soup nazi I see in the kitchen....no its the owner...OMG stay far far away.....
1	Place was dark and dreary- seemed old and outdated. They still write out your bill by hand. Food was horrendous- tasteless, clearly defrosted food, food from a can. Service was tolerable. I regret spending money to eat here.
4	I am surprised to see a bunch of negative reviews. My fiance and I went here last night and had a great meal. Our server was amazing. We are from NY so this place reminded us of home and the food was very tasty.  I would recommend this place for some good Italian food!
5	Wow! Now it's a scene, but it's classic. Great food, fair prices. No nonsense, but professional service.  An annual tradition for thousands. Make reservations in advance. Order the cheese & tomato bread to start.
5	Awesome food and really great service!!
5	Ooooooo I love this place! I've come here several times and had a good experience every time. The food is great. If you're looking for authentic Italian food, this is your place. The atmosphere is perfect for an Italian restaurant, from the tablecloths to the music to the staff. I tried one of their seafood pastas once that was really good and the last time I got a chicken dish with pasta that was great as well. I like how they have the open window/door things too so it feels kind of like you're outside but you're actually inside. It isn't all that cheap so definitely be aware of that. You also get bread and a salad or soup before your dish so come hungry! I always leave with leftovers which makes me happy! Great spot to come with family or on a date. Stiff drinks too :)
1	I have been here before and I liked it. Not impressed this time. I ordered Chicken Benito. It was not prepared as explained in the menu and chicken overcooked. Nothing is worse than overcooked chicken.
1	The owner is a complete jerk and a drunk. I hope no one will continue to support this behavior!!! I will never visit this place again! He made some comments about his ex wives and how he doesn't care because he had been successful for 30 years at this restaurant. The servers are very unfriendly. The food was good but absolutely not worth the way we were treated. So disappointed!
5	We have been here 3 times, and each time we are more impressed! The food and the ambiance are incredible, the Chilean sea bass with spinach ravioli was delicious! Truly the go-to restaurant for Italian seafood!
1	If you look at my two other Yelp reviews, you will see positive reviews of a couple of restaurants I've been to. Normally, if a restaurant is lame, which is rare, I won't even review it. But I am going to enjoy eviscerating this truly repulsive restaurant, not for the food, which was somewhat edible, but for the dishonest pricing and for the jerk who apparently owns the place.My girlfriend Carol and I were walking through Scottsdale. It was just past noon on a recent Sunday so we were thinking about lunch. We passed Italian Grotto and saw a menu posted outside on the wall. The "lunch" part of the menu had most entrees at $8. "I'll treat you to lunch," she said. "Sounds good," said I.We went in and there were very few customers. Three or four people were sitting at the bar. We were seated quickly. The server, who was polite, brought us menus. The first thing we noticed was that there were no $8 items on it. All of the lunch items were priced at $13 or more. So we asked the server about the menu on the outside of the building. Here's what he said: "Yes, those are $8 items if you get them al la carte." Of course, al la carte suggests that you can get, say, the baked ravioli for $8 if you get nothing else on the side. But then the server added "But these items do come with either soup or salad." Hmmm? It clearly sounded like he was saying the lunch special was $8 and you still got a soup or salad. Carol and I looked at each other and shrugged our shoulders. I ordered the baked ravioli, she ordered a vegetable pasta dish.(Each of these were $8 on the outside menu but $13 on the menu he handed us. He clearly intimated that we were ordering items as a "lunch special".) We also ordered  a side of garlic bread and one iced tea. That's all we ordered.As we awaited our meals, there was some person standing around the lobby and I heard him say something loudly about "Jews", which got my attention. He seemed drunk and a couple of the servers were standing around him so I thought "some idiot"...and tuned him out. (And remember, this was just after noon!)The food arrived and was fine. I got exactly four medium-sized ravioli on my plate, along with a salad. The drunk guy was quiet but still standing around the lobby like he owned the place. He looked a bit like Donald Trump, same age and attitude, and he wore a couple of rather large gold earrings in his left ear.After we ate, we got the check and were shocked to see that it totaled $40. Not only that, but the entrees were written down as $14 each. What kind of weird mistake was this? Carol, who doesn't mind confronting issues like this, had me wait at the table while she went to find the waiter.Then I heard the loud guy yapping at her. I did not hear what he was saying but it sounded, at a distance, like he was arguing with her. As my attention turned to him, my girlfriend laughed a couple of times and I thought that this guy must be the manager or owner. (Carol is from Long Island and is used to New York attitudes so I figured all was good.) This one-sided conversation lasted 5 minutes or so. Then she came back with the bill and rolled her eyes saying "Let's get outta here."As it turned out, the owner only deducted that extra two dollars from the bill (from $14 to $13 per entree) and, according to Carol, he reeked of alcohol and acted drunk. And obnoxious. He asked her to "Get a load of the queers at the bar!" And that was just the beginning of his tirade.She said that the owner wondered why I, the boyfriend, wasn't paying the bill and that "no woman should pay when a man can pay. I have six daughters and if they ever had to pay for a meal on a date, the boyfriends would never be welcome in the house!" Carol, thinking that the guy was just trying to act like a macho New Yorker, told him that she was from Long Island. In response he said "Long Island isn't New York! Only spoiled brats live on Long Island. I grew up in Manhattan, in Chelsea, on 29th and 9th!" He asked Carol why we were in Scottsdale. She said, "We live in Tucson and have been visiting Arcosanti." He said "Why would you live in Tucson? It's a dump! I had a bagel business on 1st Ave. in Tucson and it was a terrible place!" He also added, "I was at Arcosanti a few years ago and it was dirty and hippies lived there." I suppose this was the point in the conversation when Carol laughed and walked away.As we were walking back to our car and Carol was relating this story, we knew that this information needs to get out. And seeing what many others have written about this restaurant, I think you can see we aren't exaggerating. The owner of Italian Grotto is some drunken misanthrope named Gary Horowitz (so why his comment about Jews?!) and no one should be supporting his business.also see: http://www.phoenixnewtimes.com/2001-05-03/restaurants/veni-vici-vendetta/full/
5	Romantic cozy Italian restaurant in the heart of old town, a little on the dated side of things. This place reminds me of Bautistia's hole in the wall in Vegas. They  have cioppinio!!! I never have left here hungry or not thoroughly entertained.  Great food, great wine selection and the people watching is awesome on the patio.  I passed by this place so many times... this is a great place to eat, don't need to get all fancy for and has great servers.
1	We had eaten dinner already and were discussing dessert options when we walked by this restaurant. The patio looked nice, so my husband said, how about some Tiramisu and coffee. We asked at the front if it was OK to just get coffee and dessert and the guy looked around and gave us a "yeah, whatever" sort of statement and pointed us to the patio. The coffee was old and burned... tarry. The tiramisu was probably the worst tiramisu I've ever had. Then we got the bill for $26??? Our fault for not looking at the menu. But what a rip off. It is one thing to pay upwards of 13$ for a coffee and dessert that tastes good at a nice restaurant. But definitely not worth it for old coffee and stale probably store bought tiramisu.
4	I ordered the Sea Bass special which was Sea Bass baked over 2 spinich ravioli in a light italian sauce and it was wonderful.  Wait staff was on their toes.  Never waited for anything.  Great wine.  If I lived closer, this place would be in my top 3 to eat at.  Just fabulous!
4	Had a wonderful dinner with my daughter here tonight. Great service by very professional and accommodating wait staff. Soup was delicious as was my chicken parm...so huge, I couldn't finish it. Yay! I get lunch tomorrow!  Brandon was our server. I totally felt catered too. Not cheap, but well,worth it Loved the atmosphere and the funny owner. He wasn't bad at all. Relax people, it takes all kinds to spin this great  world. He was funny and sccommodating.
1	The owner of this restaurant is the rudest person I have ever encountered. He reacted aggressively toward us at a simple request to keep some food warm. We were all perfectly civil, reasonable customers and were treated MOST disrespectfully. The police were even involved when we wanted to leave in the middle of our meal. He succeeded in ruining our night and obtaining a large sum for food we did not eat because we were so offended by his behavior. I do not often wish I'll will upon another person. But this man is despicable and I hope you will not support this business. **the waiter Will was lovely, however
5	My wife and I scoped out a few restaurants  around Old Town when we first arrived in Scottsdale and this place on the corner always seemed to have a lot of diners.We turned up last Thursday about 6.30pm and despite being almost a full house we were seated at a nice table outside within a couple of minutes.I hate lining up for food.I took the advice of a character we encountered at the entrance and ordered the fried calamari appetizer.We also enjoyed a nice serving of garlic bread while we waited for our pasta dishes.Sipping away on my IPA beer and munching on the tasty calamari I couldn't help but notice what an animated and enjoyable time everyone in the restaurant was having.Even the Bronx accent of our sturdy looking server added to the fun of the night.Our meals arrived in good time and we enjoyed them thoroughly.As it turned out the character we had earlier run into at the door was none other than the owner Gary who kind enough to pop by our table to enquire if we were happy with our meals.All evening we witnessed him clearing tables and greeting customers in his inimitable way.This was our last evening in Scottsdale and we had a great time.Thanks Gary and staff !
2	Last night 6 of my girlfriends and I had dinner here. We had made reservations and were seated promptly. We were however seated next to the door and one of my girlfriends was shoved a few times by other customers because of it. We all shrugged it off and tried to enjoy our night.First off the 2 stars are for the food. The food was pretty amazing. I had the Chilean sea bass and it was divine. It was served on top of freshly made ravioli and it was incredible. Everyone else had very positive things to say about their dinner. For dessert we all shared 3 cannolis which tasted heavenly. So delicious.Here is where it takes a turn for the worse...Our bill arrived and we know that they don't do separate checks. Understandable. We were told we could split it up with our cards as long as we told them how much to charge. Fast forward 2 minutes...as I'm simply writing down how much to charge on each card, a older looking balding man approaches our table and starts mumbling about needing our table and that we have been taking too long. Are you kidding me? From start to end we were there a MAXIMUM of 1 hour, a party of 7 mind you! He then proceeds to come back and again states that we are taking forever with the cards and what is it going to take to get us out of there. I understand that it's a Saturday night, but the manner in which he addressed us was completely unacceptable and unprofessional. It was flat out rude and demeaning. At first I thought maybe he was just having a bad night and whatnot but after reading other reviews I know that is just his "wonderful" personality. I would love to come back for the food but am not going to support a business that is spearheaded by such a jerk.
2	On the disappointment scale, Italian Grotto ranks right up there with my never getting laid by my first girlfriend, whom I now know twenty years later is a lesbian.Three entrees and I sampled all of them. The marinara dipping sauce was heavy with tomato paste and not at all a good marinara. The clams swam in a broth so salty, it made my lips swell up like a pontoon boat.The fried calamari and artichoke were fried to a delicious, white coloration which, in the realm of fried foods, was about fourteen hues down from golden brown.This created confusion in my already befuddled mind. Was it cooked or wasn't it? I Had to take a bite to solve the mystery. Unnerving.I ordered an antipasto for two thinking I'd go light with meats, cheese, and relishes.Another huge disappointment.It looked like a salad with two buried slices of capicolla deep within and two, also buried, slices of salami. The remainder of the bowl was small bits of red and yellow peppers, about thirty pepperoncini, but mostly romaine tops. This was anything but a traditional antipasto, with the majority of the bowl comprised of lettuce.I don't know why IG hides the meat and cheese, but it pissed me off. I felt like the catcher in a game of hide the salami. Literally!I had to ask for bread since the antipasto was a bust. This made me feel like Oliver Twist begging for crumbs, and for no good reason at $12.95.The only thing good about this place was nothing. I suspect they've remained in business all these years primarily due to their location, and all the unknowing tourists.Never going back.
4	Came in for lunch with the boyfriend yesterday . Nice little cozy, romantic restaurant in Old Town Scottsdale. There were a few people drinking at the bar and one other table so we had the place to ourselves . It was relaxing . I ordered the stuffed manicotti with a salad with red wine ving. My other half had the special which was halbiut over linguini with a lemon butter sauce with capers . He said it was outstanding and finished the whole thing . I enjoyed my food as well . We split a fluffy, decadent piece of plain cheesecake with chocolate drizzle . Overall I adored this restaurant . Our server was on point . Only reason for not 5 stars is because it was 75 for 2 people at lunch. The only lunch specials that were provided was different types of salads... Not pastas or specialty dishes. A smaller version of some of their pasta dishes would be nice and more affordable . I will definitely be coming back but for DINNER! Lunch is just too overpriced .
1	By far the WORST dining experience I have ever had. I have never been treated more rudely. Came here today with my family to have a nice lunch while out shopping in Old Town. Three of my family members ordered the Baked Ravioli, I ordered the Manicotti, and two others got Fettucini Alfredo, and Spaghetti with Marinara. We were not given any bread, so we ordered some garlic toast for $6. Each of our lunch plates cost $8 each, and were a la carte. When our food came out, everything looked fine except for the ravioli. There were literally 4 pieces of ravioli on one plate. 4 small pieces of ravioli for $8. That's not enough food for one person. We had to make an extra order of the garlic toast for another $6 so the ones who ordered ravioli could have some extra food. I got two pieces of Manicotti, which was okay. My sister was upset, and decided to talk to management about the portion sizes. The owner of the restaurant came out, started YELLING, and saying that she didn't care, and that if she comped meals of everyone who complained to her, she'd be out of business. WOW. My sister said that they should make people aware of how many pieces of ravioli come on the plate, and she said, "We never tell people that. You guys actually got two pieces of Manicotti and you were only supposed to get one, so that should make up for it." We were all very calm, and she kept raising her voice and being completely rude. She doesn't care about customer service. My family was visiting from out of town and this was our last day to spend together. We were just trying to have a nice lunch. We weren't asking for a refund, we just thought it would be nice if they could give more ravioli to the ones who ordered that, or at least comp the garlic toast we had to order just to give us more food. We paid $80 for that meal and everyone was still hungry when we left! They also told us after the fact that they normally give free bread before the meal, but they didn't do it for us. I have never been treated so rudely or had an experience like this before, especially not from the owner of the restaurant. I've eaten at plenty of restaurants in Old Town Scottsdale and never had an experience like this. I guess I will stick with Grimaldi's that's right down the road. Better food, and better portions, and the staff and owners are friendly and care about their customers and repeat business. Diana, you should be ASHAMED of yourself and the way you run your restaurant. That's exactly why on the day after Christmas, at the lunch hour, that your restaurant was mostly empty. The food wasn't even good enough for the prices you are charged. I've had better food at Olive Garden, and that's sad.
1	In a nutshell: This restaurant has the rudest staff of any restaurant I've ever eaten at in my life. I came here on a beautiful New Years Day afternoon, with my boyfriend and my dog. Before sitting down, I asked one of the servers on staff if it was alright for me to have my dog sit down by our table while we ate. She's fifteen years old and was on a leash at the time, which I explicitly said. He said it was absolutely fine, no problems whatsoever, so I went to seat myself at the very end of the patio, furthest away from all the other tables so as to not disturb any other guests who might come along - it was totally empty.About fifteen minutes later, while my boyfriend was in the bathroom, I gave my mom a quick call since she was wondering what time we'd be getting done eating. In the middle of my conversation with her, I heard someone talking loudly and aggressively next to me, so I looked over, and he was staring angrily at me. I asked him what he had said, and he acted like I had affronted him. So he even more angrily boomed, "I SAID GET OFF YOUR PHONE, NOW. AND MOVE YOUR DOG, NOW. PLEAAASE." I was utterly confused, not just by his psychotic rudeness, but by what he meant by that. My dog was laying at my feet under the table, not in anyone's way at all. He started talking about how it was HIS table and HIS chair and I had better get off the phone and was waving his hands and pointing at the chair where I had tethered her leash, all while my mom was talking to me in my ear. Very disorienting. But finally I understood that he wanted me to tether her to a different chair, even though there were 40 other empty chairs around us he could have used to seat the couple instead. In fact, the table they were being seated at already had two chairs. Bizarre.I very calmly told him that he didn't have to speak so rudely. He starting going off about how I have no idea what I'm talking about and I don't respect anyone else's space and I was taking up two tables and it's his chair so he can tell me what to do with it. Since I had finally hung up, it clicked, "Oh, this is your restaurant?" I was totally baffled how someone who actually wanted to run a successful establishment would treat his customers like common criminals. "YES, MA'AM. MINE." That was all I needed to hear. We immediately left.I'm in total shock. This guy has an axe to grind with his customers.
5	Everything was delicious! The owner was there to greet us and taking care of our table  as well. What service!You don't want to miss this place :)
5	This place is wonderful.  Staff was friendly, helpful and most importantly genuine.  Food was Amazing !!
5	This place was a perfect place to end our stay in Scottsdale. Preface: On NYE we were looking for a place to eat. This place was booked. The owner suggested a place that he thought would be good for our party. We went there and it was. We (6) went for a nice dinner. We were seated quickly and service was immediate. The server suggested wines and appetizers .  The calamari was cooked perfectly with a spicy marinara sauce. The fried artichoke again perfect with an Alfredo sauce. Because of the size of our party he made each 1 1/2 the size.We had 5 different meals so we could sample each other's food. He split one chicken dish for $5 and each got their own salad. Each was prepared to our liking - fish, 2 chicken, 1 shrimp , 1 Ravioli (this could have been bigger).Too full for desert we ordered one to split. This turned into 3 to share (for no extra cost)      We asked for the owner to thank him for the recommendation and a great experience here. We had a great conversation. He ended up sending over his special cordial for us. Highly recommend this place.
5	Stopped in Friday afternoon with the family, planned on just appetizers and drinks.  Had the clams, tomato toast shrimp Caesar salad.  Food was so good we stayed for dinner, dessert and coffee.  Service was intuitive and spot on.  Can't tell you how great, fresh scratch made Italian makes you feel.  Brandon killed it as our waiter.5 Stars.  We will go back.  They killed it.
1	My husband and I had a nice dinner outside however when I went to use the bathroom the owner stopped me  and told me I had  90 seconds to use the bathroom. He had two girls bang in the door. I told him he owed me a apology and he called me a nasty name. He was very rude and I would never go back. I would have called the police but I was visiting my very ill brother. Please don't go here. He should be shut down. We spent 60 dollars and this is how he treats his customers. I hope this post stops people from eating there and he shuts down.
5	I love Italian and I eat here often. Love it! Great homemade Italian organic as well! Marco is a very nice man has been every time I've been there. They recently started doing lunch big plus!! Margarita pizza (as I call it). Yum!! The food is so great we had our company Christmas party there that night I had clams in white sauce over pasta with a spice level 1
1	This place made my stomach flip! The owner was rude and assumed that we did not speak English because our skin was brown. I have never felt more offended in my life.  And then he acted like he was giving us complimentary glasses of wine and appetizers to redeem himself as a "New Yorker" and charges us    The place is way overpriced and nothing special.  Move on now !!!! We had an app and a glass of overpriced wine and decided to leave because of the offensiveness.   Disgusted by what an owner represents
2	Two local friends of mine and two from out of town ate here last sunday. My spinach ravioli portion was 4 pieces the size of a saltine cracker. I'm a small person, but the portion was way to small... So I filled up on bread, which was good. One of the men I was with said his Halibut tasted like "fish sticks  on a plate of pasta', he was not happy with the preparation or the portion size. How much does pasta costs!  There must be a shortage! There was 5 of us, we split up the bill, some cash and three credit cards. We were not finished with paying the rest in cash, when the waiter returned our credit cards, he pointed out that so far we had "Only left a 10% tip. Accused us of "Stiffing him' and that he "Had been stiffed all day today!". We pointed out that our bill was $182 and that we had planned on leaving a $45 tip! Which we did because we are not Cheap!  He apologized and gave us a piece of Tiramisu to split amongst the 5 of us!  We were insulted over an OK meal. Keep the change! We won't be back!
5	This is a go to restaurant for our family. The atmosphere is comfortable for any group. We come here for birthday celebrations, after spring training, or even as a relaxing family dinner with the kids.  The staff is always friendly, accomodating, and efficient. I have never had a bad meal here. I have a couple of go to meals, but anything with their homemade red sauce is to die for.
1	Do yourself a favor and sort the reviews by negative and you will see how terrible this place is.  Their complete success is location location location. I am astonished that they continue to get good stars! It must be when the drunk, angry owner isn't in! A friend and I sat at the bar for dinner, the bartender was very pleasant-super nice guy....only good part of the evening.  We ordered a pasta dish and what was delivered was completely different than our order-it looked like it was the staff lunch. Simple overcooked pasta with a glob of red sauce..........not the dish we ordered.
5	A tradition, what can I say? CANNOT go to spring training in Scottsdale and not go see Gary at the Grotto.  Just ask my Italian husband. Classic service from staff.  They are pros.Great food. Garlic bread is addictive! Pasta amazing. I had ravioli s with a tomato basil sauce. Classic meat sauce, fish and lasagna also winers.  Great wine selection. Gotta have the chianti! Atmosphere is everything. Great first night to kick off a week of baseball, shopping and amazing meals.
1	Insulting, dishonest and bottom line an absolute joke! We made reservations over a month ago, arrived and waited over 40 minutes but that wasn't the problem, the problem was the inebriated owner!  He continued to seat people without reservations and when we graciously asked about how much longer it would be he made a huge scene. He offered to buy us drinks, started yelling and the restaurant got to witness his unruly/unprofessional behavior.  He yelled that since "your always on your phone all day so why don't you write a review, I won't care I'll be busy anyway", well Mr.  I'm a writing a review and I hope your restaurant is empty forever more!
1	WOW!  If you want to be treated terrible, yelled at, and spit on by the wait staff and owner this is the place to go.  I can elaborate on the spitting part - while the owner Gary was yelling drunk he spit while he talked....  I was excited to to this place after all the yelp reviews, but unfortunately was completely disappointed.  Its amazing they are even in business with the way they treat their customers!
2	We had a mediocre dinner tonight. I have been here before but after tonight, we won't be returning. The salad was just OK. Lettuce with a ton of blue cheese dressing that tasted like sour cream. The entree of halibut was good. The waiter apparently didn't like the tip our host gave him. He came back and asked if the service was OK. Then whispered something rude in our host's ear. As we were exiting the table made a big deal of saying "You can't believe this table" to one of his coworkers. Then followed my 84 year old Mom and I and told us he only got a 10% tip. Tips are DISCRETIONARY for one thing and we had no control over that. Classless! If you want real Italian food served by polite people in a relaxed atmosphere, go to Tommy V's and forget this place.
1	******ATROCIOUS, DISRESPECTFUL, INSANE, MENTALLY UNSTABLE AND HIGH ON WEED FATHER SON DUO.....STAY AWAY***** First off, the owner let in people who came way after my family and me. The only reason was because he seemed to be more friendly with them than his other customers. We ordered and the service was OK as to what happened afterwards. My daughters "vegetarian" soup had pork in it which we don't eat. We told the owner and were expecting a nice apology. NO. What we got was WAY worse. He started lecturing us about how no ones perfect! I didn't come here to get a lesson! I came here for a peaceful friendly dinner for my father in law's birthday. I have to make this short (it's too long to write) at the end his demon son ended up kicking us out even though we were already leaving!! He tried to make it seem like we were being kicked out! Unbelievable DONT GO HERE!!! THE OWNER YELLS EVEN AT CHILDREN!
1	I apologize in advance for the length of this review, but if you are ever planning on being within a 100 mile radius of this place, I would recommend that you read it. It was my grandfather's birthday, so we decided to go to old town Scottsdale to have a nice dinner. He felt like Italian food, so we decided to try this place out. At the door, a man was greeting guests. Later, I realized he was the owner. He seemed nice at first, assuring me that he was getting a table ready for my family. We were seated and the first noticeable thing about the restaurant was the noise level. The waiter was literally screaming at our faces to get our orders. And I though HE was rude???! Things were somehow about to get wayyyyy worse.Even though we were 6 people and a baby, we only ordered 4 dishes. My grandparents always share, and the baby can't exactly eat a full plate of lasagna and garlic bread. We started our meal with Minestrone, a "vegetarian" soup. I found a piece of sausage in my soup, which I cannot eat. It's not a big deal, but at that point the soup was inedible. The owner was passing by, so my father got his attention. He told him about the sausage and explained that we could not eat it. Instead of apologizing, this dude started lecturing us. "Stuff happens! I've owned this restaurant for 38 years and you expect me to be perfect? NNOO!" All I wanted was a simple "S-O-R-R-Y." Do people not teach that word to their toddlers anymore? It certainly wasn't in this guy's vocabulary. So, after he left, I exclaimed "Excuse me!" to my family and we began talking about how rude his behavior was. This guy, who I assumed was a waiter, heard me and we made eye contact. He then walked away.A few minutes later, the owner returned. He then decided to give us another condescending lecture. "Well I saw your ticket and you are a party of 7 who only ordered 4 meals! I'm just sayin'. The soup is not a big deal- it happens once in a blue moon! Tomorrow is a new day and the sun will come up! I'm not gonna kill myself tryin' to make you people happy! I want to live a long life! BLAH BLAH BLAHHHHHH" My grandmother asked him if he was going to bring me another soup. He then, in a very patronizing tone, asked me if I wanted another soup. I refused, since I was almost finished with my soup when I discovered the sausage anyways. He then went on to say "I have 6 kids! I know that you need more food. Tell me what to bring and I'll bring it for you. You only ordered 4 meals. DOES ANYBODY HERE WANT A SOUP!!?!? " I have to say, I feel bad for those kids. They probably get whipped on a daily basis. He left after we all refused, as the waiter I mentioned before smirked. We had had enough. We decided to leave while we still could. As we began to exit the table, the waiter saw us and realized what was happening. He came by and asked "Is everyone leaving here?" We said yes and continued to leave. "I don't like being insulted like that," my father told him. "Oh yeah?? Insulted? You only had 4 meals on your ticket! Now that's insulting! You can't even afford enough food to feed your family! This is MY restaurant! I'm done with you people! GO- GO! Keep moving! GET OUT OF HERE!! STOP THEIR MEALS!" he yelled. At this point, I was worried that he was going to get physical. I decided this spawn of Satan could only be the owner's son.We continued walking out of the restaurant, our jaws hanging open.The owner was at the door greeting his friends and regular costumers (how does he even have any of those??)  He then started yelling at my father! "You can't even afford seven meals! I'd rather you people leave!" Now, my father was mad. "I'm a cardiologist! I can afford a meal! Do you expect the baby to eat a full meal???" The owner replied, yelling and following my family as we turned from the restaurant, with "A cardiologist? Oh, and I'm an astronaut! I'm going to the moon tomorrow!" This dude certainly seemed high enough to get to the moon. "Just don't end up in the ER!" my father said. I was shaking after this incident. This dude needs to be in a mental hospital. His son can be his cellmate. I have a weird feeling he's going to send the mafia after me after he sees this review, but I don't really care. I need to preach out to people DO NOT GO HERE! THE OWNER IS A CRAZY LUNATIC! RUN WHILE YOU STILL CAN! I seriously hope this place burns down. It would make the world a much better place.
1	The food is terrible and the service is even worse. Never have I been treated so badly by an owner of a restaurant. He treats his staff just as poorly. He should be ashamed and embarrassed. Such a low life that he went through the garbage for used cigarettes to smoke.
5	Stopped in for a drink and a quick break from sight-seeing an the sunshine. What a cool little place with a nice low-key, casual at-home feel. The owner was walking around talking to everyone and it seemed like a place I would find my whole family at. Didn't get to enjoy the food but it all looked and smelled delicious. Edmund is the best. Thanks for the great service!
1	If I could post NO stars, I would, as this place should be avoided.We come to the front and an older grouchy guy is glad handing some people and ignoring the people at the door.  We finally give him our name for a table of five.  He then rudely and aggressively tells us to get out of the way of the customers leaving.  We weren't blocking their exit.When we ask how long it's going to be for a table he ignores the question, so we ask again.  He then threatens to punch me in the face and we should go somewhere else.  Which we did, happily.DO NOT go to this restaurant.
5	Wow...great place! :-D :-D :-DGood food and excellent service!  Old New York atmosphere!
1	The negative reviews are 100% correct and I cannot believe any civil human could ever write a positive review on this restaurant. The owner truly is the nutcase the previous reviews have stated. He has zero respect for his customers and will get in anyone's face knowing because of location he will always have new unsuspecting customers. The portions were small/expensive but okay in taste. Not great but not bad enough to write anything negative.  The reviews written about the owner are true. We experienced it. I will not go into detail but it started at our table and continued as he followed us outside screaming. We feared this nutcase and he repeated numerous times write a review, I don't care b/c I will always have customers (location and unsuspecting victims).. How he hasn't been shut down is beyond me.. City officials need to investigate his practices/demeanor if they truly care about the tourism that takes part there in the month of March. Love everything about the city and would love nothing more than to see the people speak by reading, believing the negative reviews and taking a stand by avoiding this establishment. Hard working paying customers should never be disrespected like this and we can make a statement by spending our money elsewhere. My recommendation is walk 1 block south to 2nd and go to Rehab therapy for possibly the best burgers I ever had. Service is great/food is terrific and the price is right.I could go on and on with my negative comments. It was that bad. People please believe the negative reviews and AVOID this place. The positive ones have to be family written. It honestly was the worst experience I've ever encountered.
1	Had dinner last night.  I ordered calamari from our waiter who called himself "meatball," and I  asked if he had tarter sauce.  He said they did not have tarter sauce. I asked if he had any mayo (I could make my own).  He said to me "I'm not making you tarter sauce," then turned his head and mouthed some obscene remark.  I was very insulted.    After dinner I paid the bill and gave him a 10% tip instead of my standard 20% and on the check I added a message that he insulted me and I'd see him on Yelp.  He ran after me where I was standing at the curb, irrationally and aggressively talking about the tarter sauce.  I tried to explain that he totally missed the point, and that it was how he handled my request, but he wouldn't listen.  He told me to get off the  (public) property or he would call the police.  My husband thought "meatball," a 350 pound guy, was going to hit me.  The whole scene was a nightmare.  This is the first time I have critiqued a restaurant on Yelp and I was astounded at the depth of the negative reviews.
1	We've been coming to Scottsdale for the past 11 years and have walked past this place tons of times and it's always crowded. After reading the reviews on Yelp, I decided I needed to check this place out for myself. What a huge waste of money. All the negative reviews were correct!! Owner is rude, and loud. Staff is running around like chickens and every once in awhile you'll hear a cuss word or two. Service was not good, salad was gross, my chicken piccata and fettuccini Alfredo had no flavor and the pasta was under cooked. If I rated the Italian food from 1-10, it might get a 2. The best part of our meal was our cocktail and bread. I could not wait to get out of there.
1	We were a party of 4 on Sunday night at 5:00. Plenty of tables available and got seated right away. Outside which was nice. The owner who seated us didn't say one word just walked us to a table and pointed. I ordered Chicken Parm.. $21 for a piece of chicken and some sauce and cheese. Okay, I understand it is Spring Training and all but come on. We asked for some more bread and they finally brought it out after the 4th time, yes 4th request. Just not worth it. Got the feeling they didn't care and just wanted to turn the table quickly. So, save your money and head tobMaggianos up Scottsdale Rd. Tastes much better and 1/2 the price!
1	The host was an old italian man who was very very rude. The bread was stale, calamari overlooked place was terrible
1	Not even one star.
5	I was there for Spring Training and what a fabulous place to go either before or after a game!  The bartenders create a fun environment and food is to die for, and the owner makes you feel like you are part of his family. I definitely recommend if you are ever in the area.  I can't wait to go back next year!
1	This place honestly doesn't understand the concept of service. After being ignored and disrespected by our server we got up to leave, upon seeing the owner on leaving wanted to let him know about WHAT A HORRIBLE EMPLOYEE HE HAS, he continued to tell us we were NOT respected, too young to have an opinion (mind you my friend speaking is 29). Nice try bro, we have corporate credit cards, you messed up with your age profiling. missed out on an unlimited budget *tisk *tisk douche
1	The worst experience in eating out.  Worst food, restaurant owner from hell, rude and grumpy.  Will never set foot in that place again.
5	I am still so amazed at people who come to Scottsdale in the middle of March and expect to have the same experience as they do in the middle of July! March is the busiest time of the year here.Is it true that sometime the staff at this time of year can be a little frazzled? Certainly! But if you have ever worked in a restaurant, or anywhere busy for that matter, you would understand that as a customer, patience is also expected! The food at the grotto is exceptional...hence almost 38 years of business. The staff is top notch...again, the reason most of them have been there for years. And the owner, Garry, one of the smartest businessmen in the city.I've said it before, if you want boring, go to Olive Garden. If you want a place with some character, be sure to stop by the Grotto!
1	I have been having an internal debate for a few weeks now about how detailed of a review I wanted to write. I have decided that although I am not excited about wasting more of my time on this horrible establishment, but if I can keep them from making money off of at least one unsuspecting patron, I have succeeded. I will keep it relatively brief because my experience was not much different than most of the other one star experiences complete with rudeness and threats.We were hanging out in Old Town one evening after spring training and decided to stop in. We walked up to the host stand and a line quickly started forming behind us. As my friend and I were wondering where the host was, the gentleman behind us (from another party) informed us that they never have a host and we should beware because when someone does show up, they will be very rude. Weird, we though. I asked his why he still came and he told me, "for the food." "Well whatever" we thought. We shall see for ourselves. He was right about the rude part. We never made it to the food part and I don't care because my hard earned dollars won't go to support such an awful family (it is apparently a family owned business).The owner eventually stumbles up with his glass of wine. My friend says "excuse me, we have a party of 3," to which he replies smugly, "yeah I see that..." Shortly thereafter, a server walks by and as we try to get his attention, he purposely ignores us.Um ok.Next, a server comes up to use the credit card machine. My friend says, "excuse me but we have not been helped yet, is there a host?" To which he replies, "look, if you were sitting in my section, I would help you out, but you aren't, you are here. So you aren't my problem." Charming.Rinse and repeat with a third prince charming who says, "whaddya want me to do, it's busy, etc. etc. [insert a few more obnoxious comments here]"So now that my friend has been treated disrespectfully 3 times, I'm pretty irate and grace our resident jerk with a few choice words of my own. (hey, I'm not proud of it but well.....he deserved it). He looked shocked at a lady standing up for herself and wouldn't you know the big man threatens to call the police. I asked him to please do so (loudly and with an obscenity), but he declined. At first I thought that this was rudeness combined with an utter lack of respect for women. I do think that is true, but it goes further, as it does not seem that they have respect for any of their customers. However, if you can read all of these reviews of behavior that would be unbelievable if it weren't for the sheer QUANTITY of similar reviews, and still donate your cash, I would not respect you either.
4	This place is so good. It makes you feel like you are in an Italian Mob movie with the decorations! I was treated like a king in there. The owner came up multiple times justto say hi and asked if we needed anything (which we did not because our waiter was on top of it!). Wine selection is a pretty good list- cant go wrong with any food item!
5	My first time in Old Scottsdale and the first restaurant I tried. My in-laws are first generation Itslian and the food here is the real deal. The Chilean Sea Bass with ravioli was perfect!  The fried zucchini was great. The true test came when I ordered the cannoli. It was truly Italian and huge - easily enough for 2. There regulars eating at the bar - was a cozy, fun environment. Highly recommend!
3	It's alright, I felt the food wasn't as authentic as some of the other italian restraints I've eaten at, however it's not horrible.Definitely worth a try.
1	Who are visiting from Southern California. We drove to old town Scottsdale were looking for place to eat. We saw a sign outside a restaurant that said "we have here since 1977 and we must be doing something right". We looked at the menu posted outside the restaurant and decided that it was okay to go in and eat. We walked in and the place was empty. We were seated and given menus.  When we looked at the menu I realized that the menu we had  been given did not match the menu outside. The menu we had been  given had prices that were double the ones on the outside menu. I asked the waiter if we  could be given the menu that  outside. He just told us that certain items on the menu we had were 8 dollars. He  never gave us the menu outside. When we were ordering our meal my son asked if you could add shrimp to Alfredo. The waiters that said that he could not do that.  I told him that we were going to pay for the shrimp. The waiter responded that he would have to charge $17 for the extra shrimp. We said thank you but no thank you. When he brought our meal  to the table he asked if we wanted cheese. We said yes and as he was poured cheese on our food he also sprinkled it all over the table.  Food was okay. We will not be returning.
3	Best meatballs in the world? Tough to tell because my pasta was full of water. I rule is never give a second chance when this happens.  I love the authenticity if the joint just not the food
2	Location,  location, location! I respect that this business has been a fixture to old town for 37 years but if you know real momma's italian cooking this place was pretty disappointing.  Service was friendly and attentive, brought sour dough to the table.... Why not Italian bread? I ordered chicken cutlet parm and it was kinda flavorless, the chicken could have been tenderized and seasoned a bit more. My boyfriend ordered the meatballs, because the sign outside said "greatest meatballs in the world"... he said "the sign lied", we know great balls, we grew up on Italian food we're from New York.... The sauce on my pasta was acidic and overcooked. The one thing that I bitch about is when I get a pasta dish and my plate is FULL of water.  I literally poured it into another plate.  That's just a lazy cook and not acceptable, especially if im paying $50+ for dinner. Chances are we wouldn't return to Italian Grotto. Lots of other great Italian places in the Valley.
1	Yeah the location is great but the owner is a d!ck. He's been at this location too long and it's gone to his head. The food is ok but it's a wanna be italian restaurnt. Go to Franco's instead up the block where a real Italian controls the kitchen and knows how to treat people well.
5	Simply amazing and wonderful customer service!   We were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy.     Our waiter was awesome!  He gave the girls their meal before we even ordered (this kept the girls happy and tatrum free!)  He was attentive and quick.  Food was great!   I had Shrimp Scampi, perfect sauce, not oily or over creamy.   The house salad with Italian dressing is a must try.   Even though this was our first time, it was like having a meal with old friends.  A must stop for every visit now.
3	Italian Grotto is a cute little Italian American restaurant. The patio is killer, and although it was a quiet night I can see that it would be an amazing people watching spot in tourist season. The service was attentive, friendly, and helpful with suggestions when my dining companions and I needed them (which we definitely did as there were so many tasty looking options!) We ordered the Fried Zucchini Del Grotto to share, and I ordered a glass of Sauvignon Blanc. The zucchini wasn't bad, it was crispy and quite flavourful, and the dipping sauce was good but tasted like a re-purposed garlicky pasta sauce; once I adjusted to that I enjoyed the combination of flavours. The wine was ok - I wanted something American at least (I always try to have the most local wine I can get!), and was recommended the sauv; it was fine, easy drinking but not quite such depth of flavour as I was hoping for.For my main I had the baked ravioli with pomodoro sauce; I was expecting something in a bowl, oozing tomato, covered in cheese and bubbled up in ooey-gooey happiness. My ravioli was on a large plate, which made it seem kind of small initially - but don't worry, it was incredibly filling! The ravioli was filled with a ricotta which contrasted really nicely with the melted cheese on top. The tomato sauce, however was way too rich for the dish - I was hoping for something fresh to stand out beside the greasy, delicious cheese, and instead it was too intense and I left half of it on my plate.Having an Italian stepdad has made me fussier about Italian food than I'd like, but I'm trying! I liked Italian Grotto, but I'd still take a plate of homemade pasta over restaurant Italian food any day!
4	Awesome food.  Recommended to go here by a local and glad we did. The chicken piccata was freaking amazing, some of the best I've had. They will also make it spicy to add a little kick. Additionally, the side of pasta was fabulous, also able to add spice. It was recommended that I don't go above 2 if I'd never been here before. I took a chance at 5, and it was perfect in every flaming way. But on the edge and don't let it go down wrong or risk death by coughing. My lips are still tingling. I wouldn't want to see what 10 is like!  Atmosphere sportsy, but really cool. Owner seems like a cranky Brooklyn gypsy/pirate (in the most respectful way.) I'd definitely come back.
5	Went here for date night last night with my boyfriend and we both loved it! Great atmosphere, great staff, and great food. If it's nice weather out, make sure you sit outside on the patio... Beautiful view (especially at night with the pretty lights). We will definitely be back again :)
4	I was recently in Old town Scottsdale and was looking for a restaurant that would allow me to bring my dog as the hotel I was staying in would not let me leave him in the room if I was not there. After walking around old town doing some shopping I was ready for a nice meal. It was a beautiful night and I came across this restaurant. I spotted a waiter and asked if I could sit outside with my dog. He said no problem, so we were seated and immediatly he brought over some dog cookies to win over my pup. I ordered the Chilian Bass which was awesome, then followed it with ricotto filled cannoli. My waiter Pedro was very attentive and seeing I was alone made sure to come over to check on me often even bought me a glass of wine. I will definetly visit again next time I'm in town.
3	Meh, very poor choice for the money. Pasta can be bought at Frys - 2 boxes/$1. Wine is vino equivalent of Budweiser. Waste of money.
1	Let me tell you something; The service in this place is so bad I just walked out.  Enough said.
1	I went there last week it wasn't even busy I waited 15 plus min and no one came to take my order! I had to walk out of this joint   It should be ashamed to be have a location on old town and piss people off and run their business like an amateur little kids! I hope you guys shut down very soon!
5	Visiting from Oklahoma City. I only wish we had food and service this good back home. I would take another trip just to eat here.
5	We ate here prior to reading any reviews. I must say I was surprised by the negative reviews.We arrived and were promptly seated for five. The wait staff even pulled out the table so we could ease into our table.Our server was Harvey and he made every effort to keep us well watered and fed. We started with house bread which came with butter and I think seasoned cream cheese (or butter) with sun dried tomatoes. Altogether I'd say we had four servings of bread.Next came clams in portofino sauce. That was promptly scarfed down by our youngest.Then came mozzarella marinara. Each piece was individually served.My wife had chicken Carolina, the daughter garlic and butter spaghetti, and the sons pasta bolognese and fettuccine Alfredo.I had the eggplant Parmesan. It's weird that it has mushrooms but you can't even taste them. But you can feel the texture. And it was great.We were hungry but left full. Only regret was we had no room for dessert.I won't mind coming back next time we are in town.
4	Had dinner here last night on NY Eve. This restaurant has a special ambience that is not matched by other Old Town Restaurants. We were seated and welcomed even without reservations, having cancelled our own plans for outdoor grilling due to poor weather. The warm garlic bread came out of the oven toasty and with a marinara sauce. We had a nice bottle of Malbec. Main courses included pasta, Chicken Carolina, and sausage over ravioli. It was a special experience with friends, and we'd like to try the patio in better weather. Thank you for welcoming us on short notice! We were not disappointed.
2	Beware gift cards expire. Who does that anymore?  If I pay you $100. Why should it expire?  Stupid!
