5	Great place to get inked... Unbelievably talented artists, and good prices. Don't fall for the hyped up places in town. This place delivers quality.
5	Chris Unger is AMAZING. I went in for some coverups on my back and over a couple of years we created an amazing full-back piece that is often complimented and occasionally coveted. :)He has never traced anything on me ahead of time; no stencils are ever needed. His colors, his touch, and his creativity are beyond anyone else I have had the pleasure of working with. All I need is an idea, and he knows how to run with it for me. It's always custom, it's always me, and it's always perfect.He is so fantastic that I have people visit me in the hopes of getting him to work on them.I have been to one other shop here in Vegas for tattoos, but Chris will (as long as he is willing) be my go-to guy, especially as I expand my back piece (I'll allow no one else to touch that).Can't wait for more!
5	Cleanest tattoo parlor I've ever been to. Walls aren't cluttered with "pick your tattoo" stencils. Tattoo artists are actual artists! Alan is by far my favorite! He did a large piece from my hip around my back to my shoulder and it is exactly what I wanted! He drew it all free hand. Alan is a true artist and I am SO glad I found him.  I will never ever go to anyone else as I am extremely comfortable with Alan and the shop.
5	JUST SO YOU KNOW THE ADDRESS ON THE YELP IS WRONG IT SHOILD BE 5720 s. Valley view blv. So my husband and I were visiting Las Vegas and we wanted to get a tattoo being unsure of the tattoo places in a different state we decided to yelp it! Let me just say the yelp reviews lived up to the expatiation Alan was so nice we wanted matching tattoos and we had ideas of what we wanted but he put his talent into the drawing! v. They do not do piercing but Alan is so talented! We are from San Diego ca and would have paid an arm and a leg for our tattoos but Alan had a wonderful price and made us feel really comfortable! He did not rush us at all he took his time and did a wonderful job :) if you are looking for a good tattoo place I would 100% recommend this place! And it was super clean!
5	Chris Unger (owner/operator) is the man! People have a tendency to speak of their particular tattoo as the one and only person who should tattoo anyone. But in all seriousness you would be missing out if you were thinking about getting work done in Las Vegas and didn't stop int Poker's.I've been getting tattooed over the past twelve years, including five different artists in three different states.  However, I'm not claiming to be a know-it-all, just someone with some experience.  Poker's is conveniently located about five to ten minute drive from the south end of the strip (5720 South Valley View Blvd #200  Las Vegas, NV 89118 (702) 736-6667). The shop is located above atatoosuply shop on te south east corner of Russell and Valley View.  Unlike the strip shops Poker's isn't going to try to stiff youwithsome absurb shop minimum or any of the predatory tourist antics.  The first thing you'll notice about the shop is that it is clean as a whistle, top to bottom and front to back.  I'm of the opinion if you are going to have someone stick you thousands of times with a needle creatig a extensive abrasion, they should be doing so in a sterile environment.  I've got about twenty five (25) hours under the gun at Poker's with Chris Unger and never uneasy at all.I've only been tattoo by Chris Unger, but have seen the work of the other artist, which is of high quality to say the least.  These guys tattoo.  It's not your hipster shop where some shithead little punk who thinks he God's gift to the industry yet can only tattoo one style (usually new school).  These guys are talented tattooers who've been sharping their skills for quite some time.As far as Chris Unger's work goes, he's right there with the best of 'em.  My particular style is black and grey realism with some traditional american style as well.  He's done my right half sleeve, right rib cage and we will be finishing up with the chest cap wthin the next month or so.  In terms of his designs, we discuss the tattoo (concept, design and location), he puts his ind to it and draws it up.  The best part is that I think I know what I want, tell Chris Unger my idea, we discuss it, then I get to see a tattoo that blows away my expectation.  My opinion, I don't go to the doctor to tell him how to heal me.  I tell him what is wrong and he fixes it.  Similarly here, I tell Chris I need "x,y,z" done and this is what I'm thinking.  I let the profesions do ther job.Lastly, the prices can't be beat.  All the guys are very reasonable (I think they should charge more, but I don't say anything to them.  I hope they don't read this post).  My only advice is to all ahead.  I know Cris nger tatttoo six days a week two sessions a day. So, if you are planning on being in town for a while, hit him up early.GET POKED!!!
5	I had been looking at different tattoo parlors on Monday 2/18. Called up the place and this guy answered the phone, He said his name was TWISTER. I told him I was looking for a place to do MY FIRST Tattoo.  I told him Im scared sh*tless and he assured me that he will treat me like a new born baby. (I think he liked my voice) We talked a couple times over the phone and I said I would like to come meet him. My BFF and I went in there and the store is located above a tattoo supply store.  They were standing out side by the stairs and I was SCARED.  He said well, Come on up.  I really liked how he kept it real and was like "You're making it out to be worse than it is" I was like okay, I showed him the picture I wanted he worked with it and added a few little extras. The shop was nice and clean and a lot of cool stuff in there. His station was the first when you walk in so I never got to see the back area, but there were people going back there. He was real fun and to me very fair in pricing. He asked what I was willing to spend and he was able to work in my budget.  He is a great guy and he has mad skills!! I felt safe with this Twister!
1	I was there last week ready to get a tattoo and a guy twister was going to do it  but when I showed up he forgot the drawing of my tattoo at home and was trying to tell me that he would have had it if I would have given him a $20 deposit two days before but to top things off he was pilled out or on something real talk but anyway thank god I didn't get a tattoo there so if anyone wants a tattoo from there I wouldn't ask for twister  by name
