1	Super disappointed!!!! Got a pedi before heading to Disneyland and was not happy at all!  Only a few employees in the place, the lady I got looked like she hopped out of bed and forgot to brush her hair... Nail tech specifically asked if I wanted my nails short or longer and then cut them the exact opposite!  Super short. Grrrr #1Paint job was crap!  More upset about this than anything - Bubbles on my toes, polish on my toes that wasn't cleaned off, color uneven so you can see through on spots, between the fricking bubbles! Still see white on the tips of my toes where she didn't get polish on.... Grrr #2Had to literally pick off pieces of skin that was clipped..Really??? Grrr #3Now I have to go spend more money somewhere else to get a re-polish Grrr #4.Won't go back here!  I absolutely could have done better myself and saved the $20 bucks.
4	I came to this salon as a last resort before letting my nails go from the salon I just left across the street that butcher my nails. The lady here Lucy looked at my nails and said she will do what she can to fix his mess. Unfortantly I had to go really short but she did a great job, is very friendly, had conversation with me about my situation, talked to my kids. It's not the nicest looking place but if you ask for Lucy she does is a good job. I also noticed she greeted everyone that came in by name I have been looking for a place like this for a while. Since this is my first time here I only gave four stars but as I go back I will revise my rating.
1	1 star because the people are nice. I only went here because I was getting a detail on my car. I needed to have my nails done as I was going out of town. So I went here to kill 2 birds with 1 stone. The car was going to take 2 hours so I figured get nails done while I wait.  Bad idea. No I'll have to have them redone but it will have to wait until I get back from vacation.  Bummed I'll be out sporting these sub par nails. I won't be back to this salon.I tried a couple times to add pictures but they will not post.... they say the posted but don't  show. I wanted to share what I left with...
