3	A new BBQ shack offering a variety of different sandwiches, combo plates, ribs, salads wings and more. You can also buy whole "family sized" meals and chopped BBQ pork or chicken by the pound.Apparently by the name, the Ribs must be their specialty, though I opted for the smothered pork sandwich which was chopped pork with slaw on a toasted bun(see pics) Out of the 12 different sides I chose mac and cheese. I wasn't impressed with the mac and cheese, it was too processed for my liking but I did like the sandwich, the meat had a nice flavor and the slaw was crisp and refreshing.I would likely return to have that sandwich again. I'm gonna go with 3 stars for now until I have a chance to try some more items, but all in all it was a good experience,service by friendly staff in a clean industrial shack dining area. Looks like they have a Happy Vally and Glendale location too.
3	They're trying. I think it was the first week so I think they were working out some quirks.I think they got the atmosphere right. I think he needs to work a little bit on the sauce. maybe it's just to bland for me.the ribs were good thought.
3	So in my quest for a new lunch spot, I dragged my co-worker and his wife to Shane's. We were greeted at the counter and the menu was so big, we had to step aside to read it all. We finally were ready to order our lunch!I opted for the Shack Sampler which comes with: 1/4 rack of ribs, 2 chicken tenders & 1/4 lb. pulled pork with 2 sides. I chose greens and macaroni and cheese. All this was delivered to my table!The food was pretty darn OK! The ribs were falling off the bone, and the sauce wasn't too terribly candy sweet. The chicken tenders were well seasoned and tossed in a hot wing sauce that wasn't very hot. The pulled pork was moist and tender and covered in the same sauce as the ribs. The greens were meh... they were sweet! Something I'm not used to. I was hoping for something more smoky/salty. The macaroni and cheese was not the kind that "Big Mama" used to make. It was tasty, but not homemade.I was delighted to see that they have Sweet Tea!!! Yay! That was a major plus for them. I wanted to try their peach cobbler so I went back up to the counter to order some. OK, I know some people are going to disagree with me, but I LOVE my cobbler doughy. Here's the catch, the dough has to be tasty. Shane's won on that tip too! I loved that the peaches weren't too terribly sweet, and there was a good amount of dough in the bowl. I plan on hitting up Shane's again for another "semi-southern" fix. It wasn't WONDERFUL it was "A-OK". If you want WONDERFUL, you'll have to hit my parent's kitchen in Spring, Texas. In the meantime, hit Shane's for a taste!
4	There are just not nealy enough rib joints in Phoenix. Im so glad Shanes came along. A little over priced, but I really love their sauce. Love the Caroling Vinegar and love the vinegar peppers.hmmmm...  very good.  If you get a half a rack special you will be overstuffed with smile..About 14 to 15 bucks for 2 sides and a half rack. A little too pricy for that meal but still damm good.
