4	Finally a decent caterer for a one-time-event in the Phoenix area... At last night's catered event at the Desert Botanical Gardens, everyone was raving about the food, while it was still being served... The cheese and cracker presentation was fun, but the real star of the event was the taco-esque pork and tortilla dish that I loved... If you wanted a vegetarian option, there was a mediterranean take that was available... But really, everyone with any guts at all had a mix of both, which was divine.
4	Atlasta food was great! The tasting yielded different flavors from the actual wedding, but its ok. Amanda took care of everything from linens to set up etc. The cocktail hr had bruschetta and cheese spread which i heard was beautiful! I didn't get to see it because i was taking photos, but when i returned, there was none left! we had rib-eye, which was a little to overcooked, I wish that they has taken it off the grill sooner, but they were still great. Veg. enchiladas, fajitas, beans, rice and chips and salsa. The food was beautiful, and the setup was none the less.
4	I'm using Atlasta for my October wedding and I have been very happy with their service so far.  Crystal has been so helpful and friendly getting things ready and planned for the big event.
1	Attended a wedding here a couple of months ago and sadly, I was VERY unimpressed with the food although the presentation was decent. I guess that makes it worse, when the food looks good but taste yuck! The gal that left the review in July has a big surprise coming, yes, the customer service is good, the servers were friendly but again the food was lame and bland. There were two meat dishes, (fajitas and a small, dry steak) veggie enchiladas (made with flour tortillas, cold and covered with some indescribable sauce), and the blandest black rice and beans I've ever tasted. There were also two salsas, again pretty but bland. Most of our food was cold and even though it wasn't a cold night by any means, the food seemed cool when we received it. I am not sure what went wrong and I imagine that it must be very hard to keep all that food warm, tender, moist, flavorful etc. but I felt sorry for the bride knowing she must've paid a pretty penny for the spread. Of course we told her we loved it, what else would we say? But you may want to really examine the food at your tasting and ask for recommendations from other brides or customers.
5	I used Atlasta Catering for professional events while I worked for Arizona State, so when it was time for me to plan my wedding, I knew who to call. We worked with Emily, who was very friendly and responsive at every turn. Our tasting was a romantic event by itself, and she was very open to us tweaking the menu to suit our budget and our tastes. At our reception, I had lots of guests compliment the food, and a few even told me that it was the first wedding they'd ever attended where they went back for seconds! The caterers then packed up to-go boxes for us and for our parents, just in case we'd been too busy greeting our guests to have time to eat. I highly recommend Atlasta!
5	I am really impressed with Atlasta. My friend used them to cater her wedding, which was last night, and we also chose them to cater our wedding, which is in November. We tried a lot of caterers around town, and Atlasta was by far the best and the least expensive (both good things). We went to the tasting and it was great. They made us items off of our proposed menu and it was just us at the tasting, not a big group of people. So, we put the deposit down for our wedding and were waiting for our friends' wedding to see them in action. Well, they did not disappoint. Their coordinator did a great job, she set up all the tables and made sure everything was done right. Also, the food was great. They had some chicken that was incredibly moist, especially for a buffet. They had delicious and fresh grilled veggies and a tasty pasta dish. Everything was good. This really put us at ease for our own wedding, and reassured us that we made the right choice. I'll definitely update after our wedding!
1	My daughter signed a contract with Atlasta to do her wedding.  They couldn't deliver on the things that they promised so they just canceled the contract.  I heard some of their experienced staff have left the company and we were dealing with inexperienced people, who have no concept of what a wedding should be.  We wasted 5 months working with them and lost our deposit on the banquet hall.  I heard from friends in the industry that this used to be a great catering company but is now going downhill.  I'd be very careful dealing with Atlasta.  If you want pain and anxiety, you've got it.  There are a lot of very good caterers and resorts who are just as good or better and so much easier to work with.
1	If you have any intention of hiring Atlasta for your wedding, DO NOT. If you have any of intention of hiring Atlasta at The Legacy Ballroom, DEFINITELY DO NOT. Your wedding day is not something you want messed with, so do yourself a favor and step away while you can. Atlasta not only failed to deliver to the expectations in the contract, they completely cancelled our contract 4 months before our wedding because they felt that it wasn't "a good fit". Extremely disappointed, but thankful to now be working with a hotel venue that knows how to manage and host a wedding.
1	Definitely not impressed with the level of customer service from this place. I had originally contacted Atlasta to get a catering quote for my wedding. The first question they ask is a pretty standard one. What is your budget? I gave them my budget and the quote I got back was double what I had stated. After numerous back and forth emails ( Which is the most annoying thing to me ever)  we got the rate down quite a bit. The thing that frustrated me was that they were SO inefficient and wasteful of time. Every single time I got a response ( An email response by the way - I could never once get this woman to actually pick up the phone and call me) , I would have to correct something on my quote. Simple Math. There were two other people copied on my email threads that were of absolutely NO help. Everything at the tasting was good except for the most important part.... the chicken. It was rubbery and gross. When I requested a quote with only pasta dishes they would not reduce my per person rate which is just crazy to me. Then when I tried to explain my points, they dismissed me. Oh yeah no worries, you just wasted two months of my time.In summary, they are inefficient and not understanding. When I am paying you thousands of dollards for food... I think I deserve an actual conversation over the PHONE. I also deserve 5 extra minutes of your time to double check the math on your spreadsheet and honestly, pay attention to the customers request. I cant imagine how any couple actually feels comfortable putting someone like this in charge of the most important day of their lives.
2	I have sat on this review for awhile... I really wanted to think it through. Like I said in my last review, Atlasta catered my wedding. I was pretty disappointed. Unlike what I had experienced previously with them, my wedding was a bit of a disaster. The person I had been working with throughout the process wasn't at the wedding.... so despite many many phone calls and e mails, things were not set up correctly. I felt totally ignored and like my time had been wasted. Unlike at my friend's wedding where they came to check with her and help her set up, no one came to check with me and I had to go looking for them (in my wedding dress!) to ask them to put something on the tables... people saw me before the ceremony... not cool. The food served was not the food discussed throughout the planning process. Items were missing sauces, salads that were supposed to be served as salad 'tacos' were served in a bowl. Our whole idea of small plates and stations was not pulled off due to their poor presentation and their disregard for what we had talked about previously. I didn't get to eat much, but what I ate was not at the level I had expected. We were supposed to have grilled cheese with tomato soup shots.... the tomato soup was missing for most of the night... the grilled cheese was cold and flavorless. I think the worst thing was that we spoke to them extensively about having to have vegan and vegetarian options for our guests that were labeled.... we had a vegetarian mac and cheese that was supposed to be served with bowls of toppings for the people to add themselves.... the mac and cheese was labeled vegetarian, but not only were there no bowls of toppings, but they put bacon in it!!!! This is unacceptable for my vegetarian guests.... Additionally, they forgot to put out a knife for us to cut the cake with... so we used a butter knife... nice. Anyway, there were many other disappointing aspects to this company, but I won't get into it. I would not recommend them for your special day...they certainly put a damper on mine.
5	Atlasta was great! The food was great and the prices were better than all of the competition.  A lot of our guests (and some of them are very particular) commented on how good the quality of the food was at our wedding reception at the Legacy Ballroom. Since our wedding, we attended another wedding reception which was also catered by Atlasta and as expected, the food and service was excellent! I would recommend Atlasta to anyone without any reservations.
5	Atlasta did an amazing job at my wedding, I would highly recommend them! I had my wedding at The Icehouse Downtown and had to pick from a list of five caterers. After contacting all of them Atlasta not only was within budget but they went above and beyond.The tasting was great, Alice was our main contact and she was extremely patient with our many requests. The food was really good! and we were both really impressed with the level of service. We chose the Chicken Cordon Bleu, Roasted Mashed potatoes and corn with pesto. They also made us Chicken tacos and a ranchero chicken for the tasting.As for our wedding, I'm not sure who was there the day of the event but my coordinator said they were all great to work with. The stations they set up looked beautiful and our Captain that night Alisha did a magnificent job! She was extremely attentive and made sure that we had everything we needed all night. My guests were really happy with the level of service and the food, we were complimented alot! They even gave us a bag with leftovers at the end of the night with a bottle to celebrate at our hotel room! such a nice touch.I would recommend that you read all of the bad reviews with a grain of salt, I know that I did pay a good amount of money for catering and it can get pricey but if the color of your linen is what ruined your experience with them then I think it's a bit ridiculous. People make mistakes and when planning a wedding something always goes wrong. I would definitely use Atlasta for another event.
