5	Fantastic little Salvadorean/Mexican joint in Little Italy.  A hole-in-the-wall family establishment that is usually filled with large Latino groups and Mexican soap operas blaring from a large screen television. Portions are ridiculously large and cheap (the centro americano costs around $14 and is a steak that comes with rice, black beans, plantains, tortilla, etc,etc). It's bring your own wine and.or beer as well so you can't lose. The pupusas - El Salvadorean specialty, a savoury filled pancake - are also delicious.
4	Really good Mexican/Salvadorian food.  Simple decor, with funny Spanish TV playing.  HUGE portions, cheap prices, friendly staff.  Pupusas are off the HOOK!  I can also attest to the enchiladas, and burritos.  Also, no fee for BYO wine.  :)Docked it one star for a less-than-great vegetarian selection, and they use some kind of Chinese veggie mix (I had water chestnuts and baby corn in my enchilada -- not exactly traditional, though still tasty).
5	OMG, I love this place.  I've been here over a dozen times and have never had a bad meal.  The pupusas are the absolute best (range from $2.10 - $2.50 each).  Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, and they come piping hot.  You can hear them slapping the dough in the kitchen when you order them - so you know they are made fresh to order.  My favourite are the chicken and cheese ones.  I have to admit that I usually just gorge on pupusas but I have ordered other things here as well:Chicken Tamales - $2.30: Good, but nothing remarkable (I'd rather have the pupusas).  Campo Combination Plate (chicken taco, chicken enchilada, rice, beans and salad) - $12.50: Very tasty with lots of chicken.  The salad is iceberg/romaine though, not real mixed greens.  Calamari - $7.75: Tender calamari rings fried to perfection.  Not rubbery or chewy at all.  One of the best places for calamari.     Seafood Paella - $18.25: Lots of seafood: calamari rings, shrimp, fish and mussels.  Calamari rings were so tender, shrimp were large and tasty, fish tasted fresh and didn't smell fishy, mussels were a good size and delicious.  The only slightly negative thing was that the rice was a little on the dry side, but it still tasted really good.This place is on a little side street in Little Italy and looks like nothing much from the outside.  It's a mom and pop joint with tasty authentic food.  Most of the customers are Spanish-speaking and many people come for takeout.  Prices are good and portions are generous.  Service is polite and competent.  If you love pupusas and are in Montreal you have to check this place out!
5	I love this place. The bean pupusas are $2.10 and come with unlimited curtido and tomato sauce. Two are more than enough for me for dinner. The guacamole & chips are a bit pricier ($6) but are delicious and a good size to split between two people. While other pupserias in the area might have nicer decor, this place stands out for being the cheapest I've seen (without sacrificing quality) and for being BYOB. It's the best!
3	Had lunch here and first time trying el-salvadorian food. I got the Mexicali combo plate with a strawberry fizz drink.  It was quite delicious especially the rice and beans combo.  Tried the tamarind juice for the first time which wasn't too bad either.  Food: 3/5, piping hot and flavourful but he steak was somewhat chewy. Service: 3/5, nothing out of the ordinary. The man cannot speak too well but he was nice.  The place was quite empty during lunch on a Sunday so it seemed like they were making our food from scratch.Ambience: 2/5, old decor, not the nicest place but the food was good enough for a return visitPrice: 3/5, about $20-25 per person with drinks and appetizers.
