4	La Cucina is a cute, small Italian restaurant in Squirrel Hill. From the outside, it looks a little rundown, but the inside is fine, though the tables are close together. I called beforehand, and they don't take reservations on the weekend, but the man who answered the phone suggested coming before 7 or after 8:30 p.m. The restaurant is a short drive from the University of Pittsburgh, and Squirrel Hill is a very interesting Jewish neighborhood with a great variety of restaurants and shops. The food here was really good. It took awhile for me to decide what I wanted, because there are a lot of choices. No pizza though. I ended up getting a chicken/red sauce dish and my dining partner got regular pasta because he's vegan. The service was good, our waiter was very attentive. The soup of the day was ridiculously good -- it was some sort of pumpkin mix. Dinner for two was about $60.
5	La Cucina Flegrea is one of the best authentic Italian restaurants you could ask for.  Their menu has a lot of amazing options, but definitely try any of the selections with fish, as it seems to be a specialty.   As it should be, their red sauce has a bit of a spicy kick to it and both meats and fish are cooked to perfection.  We always start the meal with one of the anti pastas and have never been disappointed with the quality or quantity.The restaurant is small, very intimate and quite casual. We love the fact that you can get one of the best meals in Pittsburgh at a reasonable price in such a pleasant and casual atmosphere.  The do not take reservations and it is BYOB.
3	I am not sure why people are always raving about this restaurant.  Sure, it's okay, but honestly, nothing special.  There food is never bad, but never so great that it wows me.  I do like its location (convenient, right off the bus line).  Whatever you do, and I have other people that agree with me, don't bother with a dessert.  I believe that a dessert was once described as "lavender soap" to me (I can't remember the exact dessert, but that description didn't exactly encourage me to find out more information).  Subsequent desserts were not wonderful and suspect going elsewhere for the dessert is just a better idea.  Service is friendly here though and that is part of its charm.Overall, a decent Italian restaurant that can get pricey if you don't watch out.  I may come back, but only if I can't get to other Italian restaurants.
1	This place used to be decent (pre-2007), but its quality has really gone down a lot recently.  Mostly, they seem to have been cutting too many corners.  They used to serve slices of a rustic olive loaf (probably from Allegro Bakery nearby), but in my last couple visits, the olive loaf was replaced with generic white bread. They used to have a reasonable salad, now it's just iceberg lettuce and a sad slice of tomato. The cut of meat for their steak is now chewy and has fatty inedible bits.
4	Every time I visit Pittsburgh, this is the first restaurant I love to visit.  Although the food is on the pricier side, the portions are large, the food is fresh, and everything is consistently delish. I wasn't wild about the red wine I had; but, I do recommend the owner/Chef's pomodoro sauce and anything involving pasta + seafood.  I will definitely continue to come back here and recommend it to anyone visiting Pittsburgh who wants a quiet/intimate & real Italian restaurant (as opposed to sprawling suburban chains).
2	In my hunting/gathering phase, I sadly forgot to read the yelp reviews before stepping into this cozy little hive. While sated by the super large portion, the thuggishness of the food and flavor left me with an Olive Garden aftertaste, or just a smidge above thereabouts.Given the price, the OG might edge it out a bit...but extra points for being right by Jerry's Records, which unf was  closed that night.
