3	Used to be open 24 hours, now til 8pm, would have been a 4 star.  I used to love to come in from dancing at 2am, go to the spa, take a soak in the jacuzzi then get a massage then head on up to the room.  Each of the shower rooms, around 6 showers has different scented bath products in them.  Steam bath, jacuzzi, sauna, and fitness center.  Cost is $20 a day.  Located near the West Tower.
4	Still one of the better spa's on the strip.  While the higher end resorts have a bigger spa, Luxor's is still well sized and even offers some things that the bigger places don't.Oasis offers one of the nicest and cleanest gyms I've seen.  It's well lit, get a lot of natural light from outside in, and is really nice during sunny days.  The free weight section isn't limited to small weights, but goes up to well over 100 pound dumbbells for you workout buffs.  There are a lot of cardio machines and weight machines as well.massages here are great.  They're still a bit pricey but it's what you expect from Vegas.  They're still cheaper than the higher end resorts and the results are just as good.The locker rooms have what all spas on the strip provide, steam room, sauna, and hot tub.  However, Luxor does have the refreshing aspect of having a cold plunge.  If you haven't experienced  a cold plunge before, it's absolutely invigorating.  I'm really surprised more spas don't have this in them.  Maybe they expect you to just run from the hot tub, sauna, or steam room all the way outside to the pool and jump in.  Heaven forbid if I ever see anyone do that as clothing is something that isn't seen much in the locker room  (although if you were a super hot woman, I could change that thought).refreshments such as fruits, juices, granola bars, bottles of water are all provided with your spa pass.  They also have a lounge room for you to relax in.  Security is good too w/ private lockers and constant staff roaming the premises.
3	OK so the Oasis spa now called Nurture spa at the Luxor, i guess. in any case, the services are pretty good (facial and massage) and amenities are good (hot tub and a huge sauna that comes equipped with ice cold face towels and cold bottled water).  The reason why it only gets 3 stars is the ambiance of the spa.  First of all, it takes 10 minutes to even get to it and you feel a little like a mouse in a maze. Second of all, it's just a little too dungeon-ey. You feel like you're in the basement or something because there are no windows and the bright, white hallways look like hallways in a hospital.  The staff are friendly enough but they do hire some really young girls who haven't yet learned the fine art of customer service appropriate for a spa.  They are really just there to fold towels and refill the cotton swab container.  if you're looking for no frills, Nurture is good place. The prices are reasonable and the treatments in and of themselves are good.  But if  you're looking for the full experience, this might not be the place for you.
