4	The food here is delicious, whether you're a vegetarian or not.You can taste the freshness in absolutely all the ingredients, and the concoctions are presented like beautiful works of art on your plate. I receommend the Reuben tempeh wrap - a meat-free take on smoked meat - that may even impress a carnivore.I'm also a fan of the vibe here - it's a little rustic-meets-hipster with vintage stoves around the restaurant, a hanging birdhouse, and a stack of tree trunks divide the room.The only downsides are the fact that there aren't actually that many vegan options, and the super slow pace of the place - don't come here if you're in a hurry.
3	Perhaps my hopes for Bonnys were too high, perhaps I had my hopes set on a dish from an old menu, all I can say is this experience was a little "meh". The plantain chips were from a bag, the tempeh ruben was bland and the service was pretty slow. My dining partners Boca Burger platter was quite good but I heard the server tell another customer they ran out right after we ordered. They do get bonus points for an organic menu, organic wine selection and decent beer. All in all, not worth special trip out of your way but if you're in the 'hood it's a fair option.
4	One of my favourite vegetarian restaurants in Montreal. The menu consists mostly of sandwiches, salads, and veggie burgers, but there are also some platters with larger portions. Every meal I've had here seems to be served with either tortilla chips or plantain chips. The food has always been fresh; I'd suggest the hummus sandwich. A negative is that sometimes they run out of certain salads or sandwich spreads-  so it might be a good idea to ask beforehand what they have ready. The atmosphere is rustic and cozy; the best part is the tree branch room divider.  The servers have always been really friendly as well.Good place to have a meal and chat with friends- with that said, expect a bit of a wait, the service can be a bit on the slow side.
4	I discovered this restaurant as I was walking around Griffintown and felt the need to stop by and try their food; I was very pleased by the tasty food and the atmosphere of the place. Although the service is a bit slow (there seemed to be only one cook and one waiter on duty that day), the veggie burger I tried was both unusual and excellent, a fun surprise. I will definitely be going back!
3	The people are nice.O.K standard fare veggie food.
2	Overpriced. I mean the food was o.k but it is something I can make at home. The food took too long to get to my table.The staff acted weird with me.I am not going back.Very nice decor though.
4	I love the warm atmosphere and the selection of vegan options were very creative and delicious! The natural lemon water they serve at each table is definitely a nice touch.  I plan to be a regular at this place!
1	I can honestly say that I think I would have done a better job in that kitchen if you grabbed me off the street, blindfolded me and threw me in there. The "cook" had no clue what they were doing, they need to choose another career path.
2	The restaurant has a warm and friendly atmosphere, and the quality of the food was good to excellent.  However, the portions wee way too small for the amount of money paid.  For example, I ordered the Tempeh Reuben, and it consisted of two small halves with baked plantain chips and some shredded pickled carrots included.  There was only one waitress waiting tables, and she left me hanging for a while when I needed to pay my bill and get going.
5	Love this place! Food is awesome and the ladies are so friendly! LOVE small businesses! Great atmosphere, great food, great decor, great all around!
3	I'll have to test this place again on a more quiet night (my kid was unruly and quite disturbing that night), but the food was quite good. A big plus for the local beer offered with the menu, all from local microbreweries. Overall, a nice experience.
5	I like Bonny's a lot. I always seem to order their house lasagna everytime I go. It's just so tasty. It's a quaint little spot, the staff is really kind and I've never left disappointed.Their burgers are also yummy and filling.
4	Ditto to all the other reviews. It is a quaint place and cozy with yummy comforting, fresh and local food.
4	I love this restaurant. Find the food very tasty. Atmosphere and decor quaint and homey! Really enjoy eating there.The fews negatives are that the service is a little slow and that the chairs are really hard and uncomfortable. It tok 40 minutes to get our meal and following that I would have ordered a dessert and Chai Latte (which looked yummy), although my "tushie" was super uncomfortable after sitting on their uncomfortable chairs for an hour.Food really AMAZING THOUGH!
1	Food sucks. We had the special. Took 1 hour to put some vegies on a plate and bring it out. Extremely overpriced. Not original at all. Aux Vivres or Panthere Verte in the plateau are much better options to try.
1	Wine is insanely expensive. We ordered two half carafes of the house wine, then a third when more friends joined us. Admittedly, we didn't ask the price, but we would never have guessed $28 for a half carafe of plonk. The waitress didn't even add two together for a slightly less expensive but still ridiculously priced carafe. The food is just okay but the experience left us feeling gouged. We won't be back.
4	Very good. I had the lentil burger, it was nice and crispy on the outside and soft and nicely spiced inside. It came with a side of plantain chips. My dining partner had the Bonny's special. Lots of salad and their homemade empanada which resembled a spanakopita in flavour. Service was great, the place is super cute. I think Montreal should have more places like this. I most definitely will come back more than once. Their menu is extensive but not intimidating. I wanted to try everything. They also have a liquor license with nice delicious fancy drinks. We had the sangria. Thumbs up, Bonny's!
5	Fantastic food! Great service and nice ambience. Full of flavour and high quality food.
