3	Fou d'Asie serves a mix of Chinese and Japanese dishes on their menu. Decor is clean, with interesting paintings in the rear where we sat, and bamboo placemats for our dishes. The place is a decent size, with front seating facing Saint Denis.We stopped in randomly for lunch. It was past the lunch rush, so there were only a handful of diners. Ordered the nid au poulet (C$9.95), which was grilled chicken and vegetables sauteed on fried noodles (think bird's nest) - the chicken was great. The sushi I tried was average, and my friends agreed. (They have a "pizza sushi" roll that looked interesting - anyone game?)We didn't leave hungry; if I lived in the area, I'd probably return for take-out. Service was fine, but I don't need to sit to enjoy their food.
5	This restaurant has some really great dishes. Service and environment were exceptional. Highly recommend the beef Teriyaki. It's really well located near a trendy Montreal area and once you finish eating, you can go hang out at some of the bars, movie theater, or other awesome places around there.
5	This place was great.  We sat on the terrace and had an amazing meal.  I had a seafood Thai lemongrass soup that had such the right amount of spice.  My meal was a fish meal that was super yummy, everyone else had soup and sushi and it all looked awesome.  Service was great, and they did not make too much fun of my horrible French while ordering, LOL.  Decor was sooo adorable, all pink chairs on the inside of the restaurant.  Loved this place.
3	Service was terrible. Food was ok though. I had a mango shrimp salad which was ok and a noodle chicken nest which was just ok too. The bill was not ok though, 60$ for what I ate looked like too much. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone but I wouldn't say it's awful either
3	And the award for the worst banquettes in Montreal goes to.... Fou d'Asie! The menu isn't very fusion anymore, it's pretty plain with just a few terriyaki dishes and some Japanese soups on the menu. Really, nothing spectacular at all, just passable. But the seating was awful, the banquette is too wide so that you can't really sit back.
