5	I love the food, maybe not a 5-star love, but I do really enjoy the burrito bowl and salads with naturally-raised meat and a big scoop of guacamole (for an extra $1.50).  It's right up my alley.I particularly love this location because it's the only place I can find to eat in this retardedly far part of suburbia.  I'm working in a clinic one day a week that is 25 miles from my home in downtown Phoenix where real houses and real restaurants exist.WHY? Why people? Why must you move so far out just to build your houses so close? Why must you live in a neighborhood that is so maddeningly beige and cookie-cutter?  All of this blandness has caused your neighborhood to become as interesting and flavorful as a saltine cracker.  Your starter castle/McMansion/Garage Mahal/Tract Mansion community has sucked all the individuality and creativity out of your life.  Ugh.Thank god I can at least get a fairly tasty, chain fast food meal, that isn't horribly unhealthy while I watch another square mile of our precious desert get bulldozed.
5	Under new management. FRED from Chicago and his apprentice Sam have made some favorable changes to this fast food dine in delicacy.  I have always been a fan of Mexican food. My metabolism is constantly making me crave a massive amount of food.  If you are in the mood for a huge burrito, bowl, or tacos... this is your one stop shop.  Always consistent, fast and inexpensive.  Walking into the restaurant today, something was noticeably different.  Ah, yes it was the positive attitude from the gentleman behind the counter. Friendly, outgoing, smiling and pleasant would best describe his demeanor.  FRED a fellow Midwestern took over this bad boy 1 month ago and certainly has enhanced its flavor.  Have you been to a fast food restaurant before where the gm comes over to your table to see if everything is okay or you need a refill on your drink?  Welcome again back to chipotle.  what a positive experience today and had to yelp about it because this guy has gone the extra mile.  For a massive 2 pound burrito for under 10 bucks and quick..... this is your go to. enjoy.
3	When my brother and our friend Ron asked if I wanted to join them for lunch today, I said yes before I realized where they were going... I was super hungry! Although I've been to Chipotle just a couple of times before, I have to say, I'm not as big a fan as everyone else seems to be.  Reason being - both their corn relish and chunky salsa have a ton of onions in them... yuck!But, I was hungry and needed some quick fuel, so I decided to tag along with the boys. I will admit, that for fast food, Chipotle doesn't seem so bad.  I ordered the chicken salad and although I would've liked some corn or tomato salsa without onions, the rest of the options were tasty; especially the guac!I will agree with Zack that Steve, the new GM, and Sam, his apprentice, treated us like VIPs.  Never before have I been approached by the GM at a fast food restaurant like that.  (Then again, I rarely eat fast food).  Needless to say, it was impressive. If I need some quick food, I won't hesitate to return to Chipotle, it grew on me quite a bit today!
3	Chipotle is a great place i think if you want to eat healthy, this particluar one is close to my house, the food is very good, but its the service that gets me sometimes, i always order special things on my burrito and its a bit complicated, usually at other chipotles the person making the burrito is nice and does it with a smile, at this one they always seem so impatient and fast and when i ask for my special requests they seem a bit upset!
4	I come here a couple times a week for lunch or dinner, and I've never had a bad experience. The food is good, and the service is great.I'm not sure of his name, but there is one guy, who appears to be the owner or manager, who is always very friendly and welcoming who occasionally works the line. The other workers don't go out of their way to be very friendly, but it's not like they are rude.It's probably one of the better Chipotles I've been to, in terms of service and food, and I've been to plenty (even out of state).
2	Home of the ten dollar burrito? Well, it seems this way! The place is clean, fast, and there's outside seating, but when you add guacamole, sour cream, and chips and salsa to your item, the words you'll hear at the cash register will be, "That'll be Eleven-Fifty-Seven Sir!" I think this place is a ripoff, but their food is good. Rice does not belong in a burrito, so be sure and tell them that, especially so you get more meat & cheese.
4	Every time I come here, the GM is super awesome. He introduced himself awhile back, and now we're on a first name basis. Not sure if that's a sign that I go too often or great customer service (maybe a little of both).As for the food itself, It's definitely not, 'Authentic' Mexican food, but for Mexican Fast food fix, this sure does beat Taco Bell. It's always fresh, and I'm a huge fan of the HOT sauce and lime salt chips they have there. I'm literally in between two locations, one off of Shea and another off Frank Lloyd Wright and whenever I'm looking to feed my Chipotle fix, I make sure to migrate to this one.
2	I like Chipotle, but they've got to make some changes for my tastes.First, the salsas are lacking.  Can a brother get a salsa selection without red onion?  Red onion smell like Sasquatches cornhole, I cannot STAND those things.  Maybe lean back towards more traditional salsas like tomatillo or perhaps roasted Hatch.  Oftentimes, I'll order a burrito sans salsa and just add my own at home.Secondly, what the hell is this, Subway Sandwiches at lunchtime?  I know speed is of the essence but haste makes waste, baby!  If you arrive at Chipotle at a busy hour, they're going to make a murderous mess of your burrito.   Split tortillas, tortillas soggy with the liquids from the beans, cross-contaminated filler (ooh!  Look!  It's a chicken-barbacoa fusion!)Fast casual, I can appreciate.  Food made screamingly fast can really wreck the end product so please, I know you need me at the cash register and out of your way for the next customer, but for the love of Grog, take your time and let's work on "First Quality".And let's have some traditional salsa options.Red onions suck.  Even the guacamole has an overabundance.
5	I loveeeee Chipotle! omg soo good! I get the burrito bowl with rice, veggies, chicken and guac and it is amazing! I try to be alil bit more healthy so I dont get the tortilla. Anyways I love that and the chips with guac are absolutely wonderful! The guac is alil expensive and the meal can get alil pricey but I think it is well worth it. If my hips would allow it I would be here everyday ha ;)
2	I'm really disappointed in this location.  The last two times I've been here they haven't had the kind of meat I wanted ready.This Thursday night at 9:20 they didn't have any steak for my burrito.  The guy said it would be ready in about eight minutes.  I told him I'd come back another time and walked out.This Saturday at 11:30 AM I was in and asked the order taker for chicken tacos.  We both looked at the container that should have had chicken and it was empty.  The lady said it would be about 4 minutes until it was ready.I waited and got my tacos and they were good.I think I'll give them a while to get their act together here before I come back.
3	I love Chipotle, but I've had one really bad experience here.A few weeks ago, I found a 12 inch black hair twirled in my burrito... NASTY!! When I took my burrito back up to the counter and asked for a new one, the woman working rolled her eyes at me and hesitantly made me another one free of charge. Other than that one time, this place is usually decent. Sometimes you have to wait for the meat you want because they frequently run out. I prefer to go to the 92nd/Shea location to get my Chipotle fix. It's better.
2	If you're in the mood for a mediocre burrito as big as your leg, you're in the right place.
4	As a family, we really like Chipotle and their healthy food options. Come on now, how many of us can just start watering our moths thinking about the guacamole?   The only minus to this location is the parking.  It can really be crazy during the lunch time rush.  I forget how many times I seen drivers just blow through here yapping on phones and trying to get at some chips in the bag.  Be careful!  BE VERY VERY CAREFUL!
4	When I'm craving Mexican Food, I always get tempted by Chipotle to stop by and grab a Steak Burrito.  That's exactly what happened a couple of weeks ago....I couldn't shake the image of a delicious Steak Burrito, so I dropped by this location to satisfy my craving.When I arrived, there were 6 people ahead of me however it didn't take too long for the line to move.  I ordered my usual here....Steak Burrito w/Rice, Pinto Beans, Cheese, Guacamole, Sour Cream, and the Spiciest Salsa.It only took a few seconds after sitting down for me to take a bite.....yep, it was just as good as I had imagined.  My all day craving was finally satisfied!  Needless to say, I devoured that bad boy in no time.Overall, it was a pleasant experience at Chipotle.  I like this location and will definitely return.Return  Factor - 95%
3	Chipotle is great for a quick lunch. I like their concept and the rapid order/eat system. It's not much for ambiance but likely healthier than most fast food around.
1	I don't get it. This place is crazy busy with no Manager in sight and in hiding during the busy dinner hour. No name tags on the employees. I was scolded for pointing over the sneeze glass to the sauce that I wanted since nothing was labeled. I guess I violated the health code. Thanks for not locking me up. I told my family we will not spend one more dime here.
4	If the food weren't so good, this Chipotle would represent my idea of one of the nine circles of Hell.  Enter on the wrong weekday evening during peak dinner hours, and you will feel like you're stuck in the middle of a daycare center.  Little kids run around as if they're in a McDonald's Play Place, but since there is no play area, they're just running around the restaurant.  If you're picking up food at this time, do yourself a huge favor and order it online to-go.  The 27 minute line (I'm not exaggerating; I timed it on my cellphone) is to be expected at 6:30 on a Wednesday night, but the crammed crowd and noise was pretty hard to bare.  Parking is also a regular pain at this shopping center.I am not a kid hater.  I also understand that these issues are not entirely Chipotle's fault (which is why the place still gets four stars).  It's the parents job to keep their kids in line and it would be a PR nightmare for any company to try to do something about it.  But if you perfer to be in an environment without children running around like it's recess, then you may want to give another location a try.  There's quite a few other Chipotles just a couple of miles away.The saving grace is my love for Chipotle's food.  It's the one fast-food option my girlfriend and I regularly agree on when we're too lazy to cook and not in the mood to dine out.  Everything is fresh and tasty.  The extra charge for stuff like guacamole is annoying.  But Chipotle delivers great food at a good price, so I'm more than willing to put up with the headaches to get my delicious burrito.
1	This restaurant has been going downhill. The last time I was there the food I got was sloppy and cold.  The chicken was chewy and disgusting. I contacted the company and they were very slow in responding.  They promised to send two gift cards for the disappointing service and only sent one.  I don't think I'll bother going again.
3	You go in here at pretty much any time of the day and you would swear that they were giving away free food... the lines are so damn long! The burritos or bowls are good. The proteins are always pretty fresh... as you can see the staff cooking them right over the prep line.Today's trip was slightly disappointing because several items I wanted were almost depleted in the serving pans, and I wouldn't let them use the "dregs" on my burrito. Be careful ordering the guacamole: It's a $1.50 for a "scoop". My tips: Try one of their Margaritas! They are interestingly pretty potent!
4	Here's a useful tip.Don't ever come here on a weekday around the noon hour. If you do, expect the following:* No place to park. The place is besieged by Suburbans and Escalades....Notre Dame Prep seniors on their lunch period.....arrghh.* One of those serpentine lines like at the airport, where you uncomfortably find yourself standing beside the same person each time the line moves up. Typically a high school senior looking at you, thinking...Jeez, I hope I never end up like that. {likely my ball cap, reading...This face seats five.....the sweats don't help much either)* Indifferent servers, probably instructed to skinny-up the meat portions to anyone winking at them or making that hand gesture...the one with the thumb and forefinger signaling,...just a teensy bit more, please?* And no place to sit. The seniors now in control, launching a full-scale assault on the table seating area.Like a loser with a cute (to me, ewww to them) ball cap, you take your seat at one of the stools facing the parking lot...your backside to the seniors. This as you gaze out the window at the expensive cars piloted by teenagers, who, while walking by, not a fucking care in the world, look at you like you're a lone zoo exhibit or something.I hope reincarnation exists. I want to come back as one of these guys.I wander. Sorry.The burrito bowl is my favorite. Here's a little secret. Refuse the rice and beans. When your bowl passes to the meat section. upon their seeing an empty bowl, the server will fill it to its gunwales with meat.Once the meat's safely on board, conveniently go "OOPS, I changed my mind...maybe I will have some rice and beans after all."Works every time. And no, I'm not homeless, thank you very much.
1	My family insists on going to this Chipotle because they like the food.  I go next door to AJ's and buy my food because I would never eat in a place this FILTHY!  Every time I go, same thing.  I complained to management and they don't seem to care.  Doesn't matter what time we go - busy or not, tables are never cleaned, floor has food all over it.  And the bathroom?  Ugh - I won't even go there.  The health dept really needs to pay this place a visit!
2	Ok here goes: I love Chipotle, not his location.There is always ALWAYS  line of epic proportions here, especially between 11:45 and 1:30.The parking lot, which is shared with a CVS, Aj's and about 10 other places in close proximity makes the parking situation a mess. The people who work there are suck-ish.  They try to be nice as they slop your food together, always annoyed and skimping on the portion sizes, especially the meat.The food is the redeeming factor, which is why anyone goes to a Chipotle and endures the misery.
3	It's odd like others have said. The food used to be amazing and they used to be really generous with the meat. Last 2 times I have gone the food quality wasnt the same (compared to the last 5 years I've been going here)We told the manager what she thought of the meat portion (really small for a bowl) and she said rudely "that will be $2 extra for double meat". Double meat? Anyways, used to be better. The old Chipotle would have been 10 stars!
4	For some reason I only come here when I'm angry at the world.And by world I mean my wife. And by angry, I mean eye daggers, not Ak-47's..Yes, whenever I find myself in that weird place, too tired for a lingering sit-down dining experience, yet not hungry enough for a double Whopper with cheese, I come here.But not before a series of long and drawn-out interrogatories from my wife.Her:  "What are you in the mood for?"Me: "Nothing, I want to go home, have a drink and crash."Her: "How's Mexican sound?"Me: "Not as good as a Crown and soda."Her: "Italian?"Me: [tightening up like a little kid, facial muscles now squinched] "I want to go home."Her: "What about, I know, Thai...you love Thai."Me: [with all the aplomb I can muster] "Can we please just go home?" Her: [not talking now, whipping her car into the Chipotle parking lot]Me: [to cashier] Uh, yeah, give me three Dos Equis Ambers, a bag of chips and some guac."Her: "Seriously?"As I said, I only come here when I'm angry. Three Dos Equis Amber, guac, chips, and three tacos...twenty three bucks.The look on her face throughout 'dinner'....not so priceless.
5	This store rocks, Victor the cashier always has a smile and the girls on the front line know my order by heart...couldn't ask for better customer service !
3	For some reason this location isn't as good as the rest. The dining is always dirty and the patio looks like crap.
4	Friendly staff but is busier  then most.
3	Very busy location, but I never feel like I'm in line very long. There are a few downsides, such as parking. Good luck tryin to find parking during their lunch and dinner rushes! The tables and floors could also be cleaner. There is always food on the ground and crumbs on the tables.
1	I eat at Chipotle almost every day and usually visit the location by the Scottsdale Quarter and experience great service. This location however has poor service and they had their staff using their left hands to scoop smaller portion sizes, really?? They give you like 5 small cubes of meat and tiny portions of beans etc... This is not good service..  They need to step up to the plate and give service that is expected at a Chipotle franchise. Needless to say I will never visit this location again. By the way everyone that has experienced the same service there is relief close by at Grayhawk with another Chipotle location.
2	This used to be my favorite Chipotle but over the past two years the food quality has gone down hill. The chicken is consistently burnt and sometimes the mild salsa is tasteless, on the other hand the staff is always friendly. If your hungry for Chipotle drive the extra 5 minutes to 92nd street and Shea and you won't be disappointed.
1	This is BY FAR the worst Chipotle I have ever been to. It is slow & inefficient. The manager is more clueless than the staff. On multiple occasions I have arrived at the checkout and there is no one there to help me. On my most recent visit the lady who wrapped my burrito tore the tortilla (not a big deal), and when she went to re-wrap it, threw out half of the contents with the old tortilla. Not cool.I have given this location more than a fair shake. I will not be back, mark my words. If you are in the mood for Chipotle, I would suggest going to the one on Shea & the 101 or the location on Scottsdale Rd.
3	Food is decent but they skimp you right in front of your face. Tons of rice and beans and just a bit of meat. I can eat 3 burritos and not be full. Oh and they charge a pretty penny for that rice and bean portion
4	Time for a review update.  After we moved to the area a few years ago, this location is the closest to my neighborhood.  From the first time I dined here until today, it's delivered consistent food quality and customer service.The lines can get long during the lunch rush, so I like to come here before 11 am or after 1 pm to beat the long lines.  The only downside to this restaurant is the parking situation.  The parking lot of the shopping center it's located in gets packed, so it's often difficult to find a space close to the restaurant.  That sucks when it's 110 degrees out in the middle of the Summer.  Despite that inconvenience, I still come back.Return Factor - 85%
1	Chipotle is good because of the food as we all know... I would like to particularly review the service of this chipotle compared to others. When I use to come in here, the old manager was friendly, happy to admit mistakes, and would even reconcile things like having to wait because they hadn't cooked meat fast enough (he would give me a bag of chips or a soda cup, etc). When I went in last month around 4pm and it was slow, there were 3 people in line, I went up to the counter and started ordering my burrito, all of a sudden the lady slaps a big scoop of sour cream on my burrito without me asking for it. Now I am lactose intolerance and know people make mistakes so I simply said "hey sorry I didn't ask for that and am allergic." I proceeded to get a response from whom I later found out was the manager saying "well what do you want me to do remake the whole thing?" I proceeded with I hate to do that to you but I didn't ask for it and can't eat it with the sour cream. This was responded to a grunt as the woman threw the burrito in the trashcan and gave me an attitude to make me feel guilty as she remade my burrito. I have never been so turned off by customer service like that and to later find out she is the manager there is absolutely appalling. In addition I have several friends that have mentioned poor experiences with this staff. I HAVEN'T RETURNED SINCE! Although I still go to chipotle as I think it is a great company and wonderful food, I will never be returning to that location and highly recommend against supporting customer service like that...
3	Yeah, gotta agree. Kind of slow for a chipotle and people not quite as nice but hey, I go for the food. As long as they make it my way.
2	I am not as big a fan of this place as some of the other rook your burrito chains but this particular location has the fattiest chicken and on 2 occasions the food here has made me sick.
5	A great lunch spot if you hit them during the non-peak hours.  I recommend trying around either 11:30 or waiting until after 1 p.m. to get some great eats here.  Standard Chipotle fair, and the service is fast, efficient and very friendly.  I also recommend their online ordering service.  Pick your meal from the comfort of your desk, select a time, and even pay if you want to.  The food is ready to go when you arrive and all you have to do is walk straight to the front cashier and take it away!Overall: AGreat lunch spot for some good food.  Try online ordering.  Parking lot can get packed at peak times!
2	Disappointed with Chipolte at Frank Lloyd Wright & Thompson Peak in North Scottsdale. We couldn't find a clean table inside or on the patio. The floor was dirty, and we didn't notice any effort to clean-up the restaurant.
3	Just about the worst chipotle ever! The last three times I've been here the line has been extremely long and takes over 30 min to get through. Tt's not that too many people are at this location it's that the employees are sluggish and slow, It's not worth the wait. It's quicker the drive to other locations.
4	Frequented this place for lunch when out on this side of town and it's always fast, fresh and easy. This place packs up quickly for lunch - so I would recommend heading here no later than 11:30 a.m. or after 1 p.m. if you need to be back to work at a certain time.  You can always order online and just grab-and-go if you need to!The parking lot can be the tricky part of eating here, with a little bit of an awkward set-up and several different popular things right next to each other and people competing to get "the best spot." Again, lunch time is the worst time for the craziness.The line moves really quickly since the employees are efficient but still manage to keep a smile and treat customers in a friendly manner. We'll for sure be back for good food here.
1	We go to Chipotle almost every day, today at this location there was no veggies, beans or meats prepared, we had to kill some time at AJ's and come back to find still no prepared food ready!!!  Lady fixing our bowls couldn't even speak English, got our orders wrong and after being given less than the normal serving size on our bowls, including the guac we pay extra for, Sally the cashier or manager, argued with us loudly regarding the portion sizes.  She said "I could stand here and argue about his with you all day"!  Wow!  We were appalled!  Bathrooms and restaurant floors a complete disaster.  Place was a mess and Sally does not belong in customer service.  We are huge chipotle fans and we were treated with a completely unprofessional attitude.  Sure hope Chipotle reads these reviews.  Lose Sally or lose our business and I'm sure we are not the first to feel that way, or last.
1	Worst chipotle location ever. Rude employees, slow line, ALWAYS out of something you have to wait for and if I have to say "more please" one more time I'll scream. They always under portion the meat and forget to give you the drink you ordered.The only reason I come here is cause it's literally right across the street from where I live.... :/
2	Slowest chipotle I have ever been to. Watching people leave after standing in line so long. It's like this every time I come. Today thought if would not be bad ad there were only about 5 people ahead of me but it'd still forever.
3	I have been to this Chipotle a few times for both lunch and dinner. Additionally, my company has ordered catering from here. During the lunch rush, per the norm, they are super busy with a line out the door. The shopping complex they inhabit has a lot of parking, but during lunch time it is a mad house and it can be extremely difficult finding a parking space. Once inside, ordering is normally very smooth. First, you must decide on your meal - burrito, salad, tacos, or burrito bowl. Then, pick your meat or the new vegetarian option.  Next, pick your rice and other toppings. Finally, choose a drink and pay. It's very fast and efficient.  Great for a quick and extremely filling lunch.
4	I love coming to this chipotle because they always have fresh chicken. Always make it the way I like it. No complaints from me.
2	Worst Chipotle I've ever been to. They skimp on everything to the point you think it's a joke. We kept going back thinking it was just a fluke, continues to happen. Also whether there's a line or not, the service is really slow. They literally sprinkle everything, to the point they make a normal scoop and then pour most of it back. Will be going to the 92nd/Shea location from now on.
1	Never really had a problem with this chipotle But had a terrible experience today. Employees were super rude from start to finish. Awful customer service. The lady at the end started rolling my burrito before I was even finished ordering. Never asked if I wanted anything else. Brought it home and right as I began to eat I noticed a decent sized black line on my tortilla - sharpie. Avoided the entire middle of my burrito. Sharpie isn't toxic but it's still not good to ingest. Disappointing because this chipotle is very close to my house. But it isn't much farther to go to 90th and Shea. I will not be returning to this location.
