1	Complete ripoff, do not use these scam artists. They quote you a lower price then when they complete the job they hand you bill that's twice as much. See this link below, apparently I'm not alone.http://www.ripoffreport.com/home-improvements/a1-locksmith/a1-locksmith-roei-locksmith-ov-7c3c7.htm
1	ZERO STARS!!!!! I called 0 007 Lock 2 Service in Las Vegas. I called them because they were open on a Saturday and they were very close to my office. I knew exactly what needed to be done. It was going to be a very simple job since I've seen it done before. All I knew the guy was going to do was unlock my office door by using a wire tool with a hook to go underneath the door and hook onto the handle and pull. No drilling needed to be done, no re-keying - nothing else. I would have made one myself if I had wire handy but I didn't have time.When I explained my situation I was quoted $35 for the technician to make a visit and then $40 to unlock the door. The technician came by (his receipt he gave me was for ROEI locksmith & 24/7 Locksmith completely different companies than who I called so I assume he's contracted with 0 007 Lock 1 service), I think he's Israeli or some sort of Middle Eastern I could barely understand what he was saying and he was talking very quickly. I think he laid on the accent more than normal to his advantage. Before he unlocked the door he mumbles, "It will be $129 to unlock the door because it is a high security door". I told him I was quoted $75. Then he said there's no way it would be $75 because of the type of high security lock. This is a push-button lock  with an L-shaped handle, by the way, no deadbolt, not a high security lock. Then he told me that he would use his first tool to see if he can unlock it, then he would give me a price, otherwise he would have to drill. Guess which tool he used to unlock my door? The simple wire tool that I knew he was going to use. Guess how long it took him to unlock my door? All of 10 seconds if that. What did he charge me? $147!!! How did they go from $75 to $129 to $147? I called 0 007 Lock 1 Service and told them this charge was outrageous. The lady then called the tech and he said that he had to use a "special tool" that he paid for himself and that's why it's that price. The 3rd time I called, I ended up talking to the same guy who quoted me $75 and he says he swears he said that the visit was $35 and the service was going to START at $40. When he quoted me the first time he never said anything about a STARTING price he just quoted me $75. So I asked him what would warrant a $40 service by the technician since I felt all the technician did was $5 worth of work in my opinion and he would not give me a straight answer. He then started to be really rude on the phone and making me feel like I was in the wrong! So I hung up on his ass!!I then ask the technician why it wasn't $129 like he said earlier and he said he would have never quoted $129 it was $147. I'm sorry but the words "one-twenty-nine" and "one-forty-seven" are very distinct words no matter what accent you may have and I clearly heard $129 and I have perfectly good hearing BTW! He just kept telling me I misunderstood him. I was completely scammed by 0 007 Lock 1 Service and the technician from ROEI Locksmith. Do not use them. They are EVIL people who prey on the people who need their help. On a side note, I'm pretty sure the address that the technician from ROEI states he does business from is either a fake address or his home address because I Google mapped it and it's an apartment building. Don't fall into their trap. There is also another complaint about ROEI locksmith but it was with A1 locksmith so I guess this guy contracts with a lot of dishonest locksmith companies. Take it from me, don't allow any locksmith to do a job without getting the quote in writing, kick them out no matter how much you need the job done. BBB is going to be hearing from me about these companies!
2	They did a fair job. Prices are set, but they got to me fast! I've had better experiences with pop-a-lock and AAA, but also worse experiences. 007 got me taken care of...
