4	Cool to have a sneaker boutique right on the LV Strip AND in one of the hotels. Just goes to show how unique and trendy the Cosmo is.Crossover has the cool tees, fitteds, and sneaks that you'd expect in boutiques.I went to buy my brother a Kobe shirt for Xmas and when I tried to exchange it the next day for a larger size, they were all sold out. Goes to show the limitedness (is that a word?) of their products.And definitely shows me, I should know ppl's sizes x.XAnother plus of the store is DJ Vice is part owner and sometimes does special sets in-store. And from what I've read on Twitter, they've already had celebs (Mayweather, Channing Tatum, various DJs) stop in.
4	Note to all: do not DO NOT go to the store after 10pm on wknds cuz it's a biznatch to even enter the store. The lines for Marquee, which are right next to the shop, are crowded and blocking the entrance of Crsvr. It's like you gotta pass Marquee's velvet ropes just to go in...But, I brought guy friends into the store (and they are avid sneakerheads)and they loved the stuff. Especially the new Lebron and Kobe stuff.
4	Owned by DJ Vice, it's CRSVR Santa Barbara's sister store. They defintely carry a good selection of vintage sneakers and apparel. Expect to find the Hundreds, Stussy apparel as well as deadstock fitteds, retro and quickstrike Nikes here. Located at the 3rd floor of the Cosmo right next to Marquee. It's brightly lit, with a huge Hundreds sign posted out front you really can't miss it.
3	First off, the store has a nice, clean, simple design, similar to UNDFTD, but more upscale, however with less shoe selection. However, what they lack in shoes, they go above and beyond with apparel. They have brands like FIVEFOUR, DIAMOND CO.,and THE HUNDREDS, their customer service can be a lot better. Overall, a nice place
4	I made it a point to hit up local street wear shops in cities i visit. In Seattle there is Rock paper Scissors and in Vegas there is CRSVR pronounced Cross Over.Place looks like it just opened up recently and it was busy hustle and bustle. It was EDC2011 week end and there was a load of people buying tickets for the event.As you walk in they have the typical Stussy street wear and some other goodies, but what I went there for is a CRSVR logo tee. They had a simple design one which I loved but didn't come in my size.I did then find a CRSVR x The Hundreds colab tee. It wasnt a simple logo t'shirt that im used to wearing BUT it did fit the bill of what I wanted to pick up while in the store. The t-shirt if I recall was $30 but thats how much colab t-shirts go for now a days.Oh, there was this one Filipnio looking sales person guy behind the counter that looked hella angry and didn't want to be there. Homie, if you hate your job and is over it, then you should quit. Try not to be in the store looking all angry and turning your customers off.It would have gotten a a five star, but that guy behind the sales counter just still turns me off till this day thinking about the store.I'll be back though for more CRSVR street gear!
1	No longer a fan of this place. Overpriced shoes is the name of their game. I found their sneaker collection to be mediocre at best. Their customer service isn't very good either. Purchased some Nike Air Max's back in January, they didn't fit so I returned them and got something else plus a store credit. They only give you a store credit, no refund, and they give you a receipt for the store credit. Went back and they would not let me redeem it. The Cosmopolitan is a beautiful hotel, but I am never going back to this place, it's simply a tourist trap, you will pay far more than you should. Stay away!Or better yet go to UNDFTD  on Harmon and Swenson, next to the Hard RockI can recommend them.
1	As a Tier 0 account, the store has a dope collection. That being said, the owner/management do not give a shit about a customer service as they know products will move.  Will not recommend this store.
4	This place has cool clothes, jackets, shoes and hats. I found unique things that you cant find in most places. I have been to both stores in Las Vegas and Santa Barbra and both are good to go.
2	Customer service on the low end. Display and selection truly uninspired. Taking customer for granted and using retail strategies dressed for the 90's but without any conviction.
4	Yesterday (4/4/2013) was the first time that I ordered products from CRSVR over the phone, but was not my first purchase with the shop. Every single time that I make my way to CRSVR it is always a great experience. The staff is not only welcoming and attentive, but also extremely knowledgable about the products that they carry. When I called to place my order I had the benefit of speaking with Jordan. He was extremely patient with me in my search for a particular pair of shoes. Ultimately, Jordan went above and beyond the (normal) service expectation when he called me when the product was available in the inventory! I am grateful for the help and definitely expect to continue supporting this shop.
2	Some places are hungry for your business this place could care less.  It's always the same terrible customer service here.  I walk in and the guy is at the register with an employee and they are talking and starring at the screen as if I didn't exist.I look around in the glass case which is right in front of them and neither one bothered to ask if I was interested in a particular product. Nothing! They just starred at the screen. It was only me in the store too.I found my product with no help from them and got some shoe cleaner which is big in the Sneakerhead world. These were gifts and I didn't mind the bad customer service since I knew what I wanted, but I wouldn't buy crap from this store otherwise.To compare, I went to DNA 2050 and Stitched- both next door and they were more than helpful, informative and welcoming. Stitched has a bad ass selection of Creative Reactions too.
5	This place is the bomb. The service was great and there gear is tight. Yes your pockets will hurt a lil but for a sneaker head this boutique rules. Thanks for the love you showed me and my family.
4	Gotta support the homie DJ Vice on his sneaker boutique endeavors. We've known him since he was a freshman back in HS. He was quite and on the humble then.. and as popular a DJ as he is now, he's still the same humble cat we saw growing up. Much success to him and his store. They have a good selection of sneakers and clothing. Good accessories too.. I was able to score some '89 Flights here last summer when the colorway I wanted sold out in LA. They were sneakers I always wanted back when I was younger but the allowance as a kid wasn't covering it. Haha... My friends also scored some '95 Uptempos in the retro'd 3 times color of White/Obsidian. Real Nike basketball heads know...Check out CRSVR when you're in and around The Cosmopolitan. It's a must stop for us every time we're in town. Support good people running small businesses that sell quality product. That's my PSA for the day.
5	Kimo and Tassho from the CRSVR staff were exceptional in their customer service! Great products there and very helpful! Best sneaker boutique in Las Vegas!
2	Crossover! Not a great place to find any woman clothing, but you'll find everything for the guys. Quite disappointed in their shoe collection. They have everything you can find at every other shoe store. Whenever my friends and I pop in here for a visit, the workers are either hitting on me or on my friends. Very professional. Workers are too busy on their iPhones texting or changing the music playing in the store.
5	Picked up the Jordan 13's I had been looking for. Great selection of shoes and clothing. Will definitely shop here again in the future!
