1	Oh Bruster's.  I want to love you, I really do.  But I can't.  And the reason is this:  Serving Size.  I suppose I'm spoiled by my hometown Bruster's where they cram the ice cream in and really give you your money's worth.  Here, a single scoop is a single scoop.  Disappointing. Also disappointing was the fact that they wouldn't make one of their frozen blasts with yogurt.  Something that my hometown Bruster's will do no questions.But I'm not in my hometown anymore, so it is what it is.
5	Yum!  So many great flavors to choose from and so fresh.  No ice crystals or slimy sludge scraped down from the side of the container - just yummy, fresh ice cream.  The owners are so friendly and are usually working in the shop.  We are new in town and they welcome us like old friends each time we visit.  Portion size seems reasonable to me.  I usually order a single scoop for myself and both of the kids and it is perfect.  One time hubby got a sundae and the salted pecans are to-die-for!!!  Oh, and the brownie sundae could serve a family of 5.  Huge!
5	Best damn ice cream!!! hands up in dismay to anyone who says otherwise. All the flavors have giant chunks of whatever is in them, in them. The peanut butter bullseye has massive pieces of chocolate peanut butter filled domes the cookies and cream has half cookies that make cold stone look like SAMs choice ice cream. Heck even the snozberries taste like snozberries. Seriously though the seating is in desperate need of an addition but I'll stand and eat that ice cream in a sleet storm it is that good. Prices are good and portions are great when the owner isn't there. Haha.
5	Still trying to figure out the "real" ice cream below the sign.... does that mean I've been eating fake ice cream this whole time?Got here around closing time, but the staff was still friendly and gave us our orders.  I tried their "Blast" which is their version of a DQ Blizzard.  The size was good for the price and the ice cream was very creamy.  I was feeling very un-original that night so I went with vanilla with brownie chunks.  It was very good... and filling.   Probably not the best idea at 10pm, but it satisfied the sweet craving I had.Their other flavor combinations seem interesting so it definitely will be a must stop and try the next time I am around the Lake Wylie area.
5	This was our first visit to a Brusters.  The girl that helped us was very very helpful and patient as we took awhile to figure out what on earth we were going to get!  She was willing to answer all of our questions and had a great attitude about it.  We all (my wife, my daughter and myself) were very pleased with what we got and I was really surprised that it wasn't expensive!  I would definitely recommend this Brusters to everyone!
4	This was my first time at Brusters. I ordered a single scoop of Peanut Butter Puddles - yummy!!! If you like peanut butter and chocolate, I highly recommend this flavor. The ice cream was light and fluffy with loads of toppings mixed in. Just know that a single scoop is easily enough for two people to share. The other half of my waffle cone is in the freezer now. I'll need to order a kid's size next time or at least ask for a cup :0). An earlier reviewer was disappointed with the serving size. It's possible that my serving size wasn't typical because our server was in training.
4	Ice cream in a stand alone little box, served by teenagers working their way through high school. At least a dozen or more flavors, sure they have the usual Chocolate and Vanilla, but I like the ones that rotate through like Chocolate Peanut Butter Buckeye and Blueberry Cobbler. Yummy.There's space to park and sit while you eat your ice cream. Or you can do the drive through and take it to go.I used to get the medium, but lately I find that the small tends to satisfy the cravings.
5	Fresh Strawberry Shortcake, most decadent dessert I've had in a long time!!  Their ice creams are very rich and creamy!!!  a Must in the Summer!!
5	How can you not love this place? The ice cream is awesome!  I had butter pecan on my latest visit and to my pleasant surprise the pecans had a slight saltiness to it which really added to the overall flavor of the ice cream!  The portion sizes are huge and I barely finished it!
4	Hands down some of the BEST ice cream I have ever come across.  You will not be disappointed in your sweet treat.  As a transplanted southerner I get to enjoy your hidden gems.  Oh and please don't forget to tip.  These are hard working kids building a delicious treat for Y'all.
5	Love this place. Friendly and speedy service. Ice cream is yummy. Do yourself a favor and take a drive here, you will not be disappointed.
5	Wow we just discovered this ice cream place and its amazing!!! We had great service and the ice cream is the best I had I a while so creamy and delicious , I would recommend not to add toppings ice cream itself its the star ;) and they make ice cream sandwiches with any flavor u want!!!! Mommy can't wait to be back!!!
5	Best variety of ice cream! Friendly service... Open till 10 pm not 9 pm as yelp mentions. Their death by chocolate ice cream is really good. They also have a doggie ice cream which my dogs love. They have good seating area too!!
1	not a huge fan of this location of Brusters. We have been a few times and have found the service to be slow and the servings to be inconsistent at best. I have been to other locations and been satisfied with my experience, but will choose to avoid this one in the future.
4	Little pricey but very good!Seasonal ice cream 3 variations of Pumpkin really good. Also have apple dumpling.Great place would visit more often if price was reduced or specials offered.
