5	Formerly the Cheyenne Saloon. Great atmosphere and very friendly & welcoming staff. Cheap drinks and live music. Cheyenne Saloon used to be mainly metal bands only,  but this place will have entertainment everyone can enjoy.
5	Came to support the local band scene and decided to order food. I'm very picky when it comes to eating out. The staff was courteous and friendly. The waiter brought me a delicious salad and came back later to make sure the taste met my expectations. Great customer service. He deserves 5 stars.
5	Let me tell you about Adrenaline.I'd been here years ago when it was the Cheyenne Saloon, and it hasn't changed much inside.  Its open, spacious, with a HUGE stage and a good size bar. There are beer pong tables, air hockey, and pool tables, along with arcade games. I came out here on Wednesday night for karaoke, and let me tell you, I LOVED it.  They use the house sound instead of using a speaker from the KJ, so you sound like a rock star singing up on that amazing stage.  What a rush!  Also...let me talk to you about the food.Pretty standard bar fare, but they have garlic bread with marinara for $2.  2 pieces cut into 4 nice sized slices of GARLIC AMAZINGNESS with a dipping sauce for only $2.  My carb deprived self died and went to heaven.  Also, I tried a taste of their Philly cheesesteak, which was bomb, and also tried a garlic knot.  Best garlic knot I've eaten in a long time.  They have cheap drinks, and the bartenders Michelle and Ward were super friendly.  I'll be back again for sure for karaoke, and wouldn't mind travelling to see a band or two either!!
3	Place seems like it's cleaned up since the Cheyenne Saloon, but unfortunately they still have the same god awful sound guy working the board. Ditch him and get someone who knows what they are doing.
5	This place is great.. Nice staff. Great drinks.. I will be coming back!
5	The New Adrenaline Bar (Formally Cheyenne Saloon) Is Keeping The Vegas Live Music Scene Alive ! ! ! ! ! Great New Stage And Sound....Great Drink Price's.....And Awesome Pizza.....Check It Out If You Haven't And Come Back If You Used To Come Here..............
4	Adrenaline is much better than the Cheyenne Saloon was. Attentive bar staff, cheap drinks and good lineups being booked always helps. My only complaint was the sound, and you could tell a big difference from when the sound guy from the headliner got on the boards and when the house man was running it.
