5	I had the Classic Acai bowl and it was very good.  It was filling but did not leave me stuffed. Plus I felt energized for quite a long time afterwards with no sugar spike. My bf had the Rio Acai bowl and he liked his as well although he thought I got more in my bowl than he did.  The food was freshly prepared.  Next time I go I will take a picture. The bf also had a 2 oz shot of wheat grass which smelled great.  We thought the prices were very fair for the bowls and shot. They also sell paleo wraps which I had never heard of before but bought 2 packs to try them out.  These wraps are made from coconut meat, coconut water and oil and are low in calories and sugar.  I tried them today, filling them with scrambled eggs and mixed roasted vegetables.  They held up very well and it was a nice change from having to use collard leaves which if you are anything like me and  trying to stay away from typical bread wraps, works pretty well but gets tiring.  Although their menu is lean, they are not lean on smoothie combinations -- pretty much a smorgasbord of healthy drinks, also at fair prices.  Summing up, I would definitely try this place again and likely be back for more paleo wraps since I bet they are the only show in town where you can buy these right now.
5	Came here today for another acai bowl and was not disappointed. This place deserves more yelp reviews so I suggest you go to restaurant.com and get a certificate for this place to give it a try.  I have no doubt you will be back  As usual the food was good and freshly prepared.  The service was friendly and informative.  We also took home 2 patiya or dragon fruit bowls.  I have never had this fruit before but look forward to eating it tomorrow morning.  This place is more than just a great place for bowls, smoothies and other nutritious food; it is also a wellness center which in my opinion tells me that the proprietor is conscious about the food her serves.
5	Amazing and guilt-free! I am addicted to the berry acai bowl with granola topping. It tastes like a sorbet, slushy combination and is perfectly filling. I've started getting more then one and taking them home to freeze for later. I haven't tried the state-of-the-art infrared sauna but it looks so inviting, not to mention therapeutic. I highly recommend this place!
5	Wow a place where you can actually get tested for vitamin and mineral deficiencies and get healthy products to boost my health! The smoothies and superfood drinks are great for my pre and post gym workouts and I can even sub a meal for the superfood drink. I also went in the infrared sauna after a work out and not only felt better, but also burned another 500 calories by just sitting there  relaxing in the subdued lighting and listening to enja! Oh, and I tried the organic vegan tuna fish. Wow I couldn't believe how good it tasted. I'm NEVER eating tuna fish again!!!Renewed and healthier! I'll be back!!!
2	My first time coming to Spirit Bar was last week. 3 individuals were behind the counter. 2 women. 1 man. No one greeted me. Until I stood, read the menu above my head, and asked for assistance, noone spoke a word to me. They didn't even speak to each other. The energy in this place was DEPRESSING! They seemed unhappy. I smiled and asked one woman if she would like me to pay while the other woman made my smoothie as she was standing at the register. She never looked up at me and said, "Not yet". She and the man exchanged a few words and then he disappeared in the back. I literally thought I was being punked. This place promotes wellness. It was very unimpressive and in my opinion the vibe in that place was anything but well. Ill never return. Positive note, the smoothie was decent.
