5	This building has been a variety of restaurants, none were ever good enough to stick. If effort and results have anything to do with staying power we should have a winner this time around.The food so far has been quite good in a nice setting with a good staff.This restaurant is located in Estrella, once known as Estrella Mountain Ranch.So take a drive up there and take a look around, a nice community with now a nice restaurant to enjoy a meal be it breakfast, lunch or dinner.Oh and of course if you decide you must move up there, give me a shout and I will help you find just the right home for you.
4	My family and I cruised over to E's for lunch today. We're residents up in Estrella, but we'd never tried E's. The restaurant there has undergone many changes over the years, and the food was never something to rave about - until now.My husband and I split a stromboli filled with mozzarella cheese, pepperoni, capicolla, black olives and onions. I would have preferred more veggies, but my husband does not, so this was a compromise. It took a while for our food to arrive, but that was because they were making the stromboli from scratch back in the kitchen. A stromboli is like a calzone, except the calzone has ricotta cheese inside and the stromboli has mozzarella. When the waitress brought it out, it was MASSIVE - plenty for the two of us, plus she brought out two dipping bowls of warm marinara sauce for us each to have our own. The kids shared the youth-sized chicken strips and french fries. One order came with six large pieces of breaded and fried chicken. I tasted a bite, and it was likely the best chicken strip I have ever had. The kids also had milk, and that came out in large styrofoam cups with lids and straws (like 16 oz of milk each). The food was delicious, there was plenty to go around, and the price was very inexpensive. There aren't many place where a family of four can sit down for a good meal together for a whopping total of $20! The only criticism I have is that the waitress seemed extremely untrained. When we came in around noon-ish, the place was maybe half-full, and they looked frantic (though there seemed to be plenty of staff around). We were seated sort of haphazardly, and eventually someone tossed a couple of menus on the table. We asked for crayons for the kids (we knew they had coloring things there), but those didn't come for a good 15 minutes - at which time my twin 4 year olds were jumping around the restaurant, being, well, obnoxious young children who don't know how to sit and wait for food that long. When she did bring them over, she said that the chicken strips were ready, but she was waiting to bring them out until the stromboli was done. We told her, no, please bring the kids' food out if it's ready, thanks. Next week, we may try to get there earlier and try breakfast/brunch!
1	This place is closed.......
