5	I call this "The Cake Store".  That's the only name it needs to me.  It's been "The Cake Store" since I was about 5 and I used to come here with my Aunt who make professional cakes.  While she hunted for what she needed and scoped out what was new, I was in imaginative kids heaven.  Rows upon rows of tiny cake toppers.  Mini barbie dolls, mini cans of coke (and beer), teddy bears, army men, sports cars, Disney characters, Strawberry shortcake, 50's Retro Bowling themed stuff - and SO much more.  And all of these things are available from things as small as pick flags (they stick in cupcakes or occationally on cakes) all the way up to large 3D things to make a "setting" on a cake.  It's pretty amazing.  Then there are the professional baking pans and accessories.  I love the new cupcake trees, and I first saw them here.  They have great wedding cake pans too.  Don't want to make your own frosting and fillings?  They have pre-made stuff here so you don't have to even bother.  Or are you more a candy person?  They have tons of candy molds for just about any possible creation - and candy chips that you can melt down.  Or, if you'd love to do this but are clueless - guess who offers classes?  They have a full class room right next door with Wilton classes teaching everything from cake decorating to cookie bouquets and seasonal fun classes like gingerbread house creating.  Amazing stuff and definitely the best selection in the valley
5	If you plan on doing anything with cakes or chocolate, you will want to know about this store.  As stated earlier, they do have EVERYTHING.  A whole section of cookie cutters, decorating tips, rows of chocolate molds, cake pans, party supplies, and everything else.  They have the best prices on disposable bags too- 100 for $13 something.If I do not have a coupon to Michael's or Joann's, and know I will be heading to Phoenix, this is one place I stop by.  One thing though is that their bathroom is not for the public.  They did make an exception for my toddler though.  Plan on spending a lot of time just going up and down the aisles though.  It is not a "quick trip" store.
4	ABC is the Home Depot for the baker or kitchen gadget junkie. They offer unique cake molds, cake toppers and my favorite- solid color cupcake liners. They host a number of different Wilton cake decorating classes.They close by 3:00PM.
4	If you need it, you'll probably find it here!I was looking for dress/clothing/girly cookie cutters and this was the only place I found them!Well I looked online but wasn't going to drop $40 for 4 cookie cutters.
4	I hadn't ever been inside this store until I found out they were offering a class in fondant/gumpaste... So, I am not taking a cake decorating class here and found this store to be quite the hidden gem. Most of the ingredients that I would typically buy off of the Internet, they have. Powdered dyes, FOND-X, Silpat in large sizes to accommodate the larger pieces of fondant.... They also have a huge selection of candy making supplies, cookie cutters, and other various baking necessities. Mind you, a lot of the items they have range from Wilton Brand all the way to the higher-end baking stuff. So there is a great range for beginners to professionals. Parking is easy and there is a large lot The staff is "somewhat" helpful - they can be a little offish, but don't let that intimidate you. My instructor, Heather, is very talented and knowledgeable and helpful.
5	Hand's down this place is my favorite store in Phoenix.  Actually, it's my favorite store in Arizona.  I would be hard pressed to find a place cooler than this that caters so exactly to my every need and desire as a baker.I first came here when I was searching for a place to find cupcake liners in bulk.  I had just received an order from the school I work at to do cupcakes for their homecoming.  400 of them to be exact.  Ordering liners online would prove to be too pricey as would buying out every store's stock.  Somehow, even though I have driven by many many times, I did not even know this existed.  Now I certainly do.Inside you will find a menagerie of things to delight everyone from the amateur baker to the professional pastry chef.  You will see rows of sprinkles, hundreds of cookie cutters, a rainbow of food coloring, dozens of specialty cake pans, and cake toppers galore.  I have never gone here and walked out unsatisfied.  I always find what I need.  If I could walk around this place with a plate of bacon from Matt's, I would seriously think I had died and gone to heaven.  If you are ever in need of anything related to cakes and cake decorating, give this place a shot.  You will never consult a big box craft store for your needs ever again.
5	Holy Cow!Imagine finding out that there's a store that sells the quiche pan that you planned to buy for someone's not-so-secret suprise birthday brunch, and that pan exceeds your expectations. Visualize a removable bottom. Now, imagine that same store has cake pans in virtually every possible shape and size under the sun, along with chocolate molds, cookie cutters, jelly roll pans, racks, cake toppers, frosting, kitchen gadgets...the list goes on and on. A word of caution: If you're going here to find a specific item, ask to be taken to it directly. Otherwise, your eye will wander and there's no way you'll be able to turn down buying an offset spatula (which they conveniently placed next to the register). But, at these prices I cannot complain. For the two quiche pans and that impulse-buy spatula, I made out for under $20. Oh, trust me. I'll definately get more than $20s worth  of use from the spatula alone, top that with being able to make quiche on a whim, and I think you can call me a satisfied shopper.
5	This place is a dream come true. From the pans, to the candy molds, the cake toppers and the pre-made icings, it's pure sugary-heaven. I thought I would be able to just walk-in/walk-out, but instead, I spent an hour walking up and down the aisles, determined to check everything out. I absolutely adore this store, and will be making another trip VERY soon!
5	Wonderful store and staff! Incredibly knowledgable and helpful. The courses offered are top rate and Heather is a fantastic instructor.
5	Another one of those places that maybe should have remained in childhood. My mother used to make wedding cakes, and many a weekend was spent in the Sacramento version of this store. Mom pouring over decorating tips and sugar crystals, and me pouring over the fun trinketries such as plastic babies, flags of all nations, and sombreros. The store seemed much smaller than I imagined it as a child - yet, I was still able to acquire exactly what I sought: violet frosting coloring gum, and purple metallic sparkles. Mission accomplished. Now on to make a purple i-pod cake. Not sure if they're going to let me use their photo-to-cake topper service to make a Silversun Pickups album cover for my ipod cake though. Bummer.
5	I was a bit nervous going into the shop for the 1st time. I had seen reviews on other sites that said the staff was not friendly, and I was needing to ask a lot of questions. I found the staff very helpful. They know their merchandise and can direct you right to the hard to find items. You can find ANYTHING you want for cake decorating. The first time I went into the store I was looking for supplies needed to make a princess cake. I saw a cake at a local grocery store and went in looking for the supplies needed to make it myself. They had exactly what I needed all prepackaged in a kit. Recently, I sent a friend of mine in because she was throwing herself a Double Quncineta  (she was turning 30.) I made her a beautiful cake but told her she needed to find her decorations. She found everything she needed for her gag b-day cake. The staff at ABC told her they want pictures.  Prices are reasonable.  I have found that most stuff is cheaper than buying online, but be prepared...  As other reviews have said, if you are there browsing you will find extra stuff and spend more $.
4	Based on some of the reviews, I signed up for the Cake Decorating Class. The place has everything you would want on a cake. I was amazed. I start my class in April.
4	I had my 1st class on Wednesday.We went over Course 1. Basics on baking cakes, torting cakes, and icing cakes (more like crumb coating, but pretty thick so it's more icing than crumb coating). Our homework was to bake a few, tort them, and ice them up. Also practice some icing techniques.The class is small, short, sweet, and too the point. Like my reviews!
5	I had my second class. It was nice. We practiced the templates in the book and our instructor showed us little techniques that really helped. The small class environment and the other students in my class are friendly and nice.At the end of the class, we used our new found knowledge to decorate our cakes we brought in.
5	3rd week of course 1 complete. Next week is the last week. Today we did a bit more on roses/flowers, made a clown, and did some icing techniques. Lastly, we worked on decorating cakes we brought in. I've been progressively getting better. Pictures and all that on my website. http://www.carmeloricarde.com/blog I can't wait until next week and to sign up for more classes.
5	This is a one stop shop for cake decorating and candy making supplies. This place reminds me of Home Depot.  There are many "shiny" things that can get you totally distracted from what you were going there for, but the staff is knowledgeable and helps make sure you get everything you need to complete your project.  There is no other place like it in the Phoenix area.  The product selection is more than triple that of any Michael's store and here the staff can actually give you recommendations rather than just directing you to the right aisle.  If you're a lover of cake decorating like I am, you will love this store!
5	Completed my course 1. I think I did pretty good. I really enjoyed the class, signed up for course 2. You can see how I did on my site.http://www.carmeloricarde.com/my-cakes-so-far/
5	I love this place. I have been here several times. I find what I need every time. I do not and can NOT bake. But I love to buy plain cakes and make it my own design. They have decorations for every occasion. It is awesome! The staff has always been super friendly to me. LOVE IT!
3	I needed a 14-inch round pan for a ruffled milk pie I wanted to make. I tried the home goods section at ROSS; I tried the baking sections of Safeway and Frys; I tried Target... I found NOTHING! I had bookmarked this place after reading my friend Bacon B's review, knowing one day it would make for a fun shopping adventure.Sure enough, they had my 14-inch round pan. It wasn't fancy. Plain brushed silver color. Not hard on the eyes, at least. AND, they carried the super fine (caster ) sugar at a very reasonable price, another recipe requirement I had some trouble finding. And, viola! I had everything I needed to try out this new recipe. It was delicious, by the way. Tastes like a french-toast flavored bread pudding!! Finding the pan and the sugar was the hardest part!Here's a link to the recipe: http://www.findyourcraving.com/musing/ruffled-milk-pie-recipe(Only 3 stars because about two weeks later I found a more decorative 14-inch round pan at a European market and the price was the same as what I paid for the plain-jane one...)
5	Super cool, cookie/cake.chocolate maker haven!  :)  Totally worth the 40 minute drive I had - it was packed when I got there and I did not experience one little bit of rudeness.  I arrived with my 5yo and after cruising the aisles for a bit an employee came by to see if I needed help finding anything.  Super neat place!  :)
5	This week will be week 3 of course II. I'm having a great time and having fun in the class. Wilton has discontinued the current coursework and has released a new version on cake decorating standards.I try to keep my learnings public on my blog http://www.carmeloricarde.com/week2-of-course-ii/
5	I'm a little sad. I completed course II and have to wait a bit until I can take course III and it will be under the new Wilton format. I am very happy though that I have taken the cake decorating courses, meeting the nice people at the store and in my class. I've taken a very large interest in cake decorating and its part of my life now. :)I keep adding the cakes I've been making to my blog. http://www.carmeloricarde.com/
5	I have completed all my classes and got all three certs. It was a great experience. I wish there were more classes but I'm ready to make my wedding cake now. See how I did.http://www.carmeloricarde.com/about/cake/
5	If you bake or love to bake you will love this store! They have everything you could ever need to bake anything you desire. I recently made Boston Cream Cupcakes and I purchased my frosting and Bavarian Cream to cut down on time and their filling and frostings are the best. I just can't say enough about the items here.
3	While I LOVE the supplies and gadgets I can find here, the CUSTOMER SERVICE needs improvement!  I love to buy from locally owned shops in Phoenix whenever possible but the lack of friendly service in this place makes me want to buy elsewhwere (big box or internet).   I had one experience with a SUPER unfriendly sales clerk but chalked it up to "being busy".  I returned a month later and as luck would have it, I had to be helped by the UNFRIENDLY lady again! This experience could only be chalked up to R-U-D-E.  I must say, the instructor I had for a class is an amazing lady full of  helpful tips and knowledge!
5	This store is great. Comprehensive collection of baking and cake decorating supplies. They had everything I needed to complete the cakes for my brother's wedding. The staff is everywhere and super helpful. I didn't feel lost at all. They were also quite friendly. Frick and Frack (not their names, but what can ya do? :) ) behind the counter were hilarious to listen to and interact with. So fun!It's in a good central location, although it is still quite a trek for me. It's worth it to find everything I need in one place. Their website is also super helpful. You can order online, or just check that they carry something before you make the journey there. Prices? Quite reasonable, thank you very much.
5	This place is fantastic!  They have supplies to suit the most imaginative of bakers!  I also feel they have great pricing.  I have seen similar items at other supply stores for up t twice the price.  The staff is incredibly helpful too!   These ladies know what they are talking about.
4	This place is amazing! Went in to purchase cupcake box inserts which I have not been able to find anywhere else locally and was easily distracted by all of the cake pans, piping tips, sugar toppings, cookie cutters, etc. I arrived just as the store was closing and there were still a ton of people in the store. I really wish ABC would extend their business hours since they are only open until 5:30 during the week, close at 3pm on Saturday, and are not open Sundays.
5	All of my baking needs are met whenever I am baking a cake for someone. If you are building a custom cake, this is the place to start. No matter what kind of cake you are making they will have the supplies for it. I made a NIN cake for my boyfriend awhile back and I needed cake paint, cake stands, and doilies. If you are not sure of where to look they will make suggestions for you. The only bummer about the place is that they close so dang early. So just make sure you get here during the early part of the day.
5	I agree with the previous 24 reviewers.  This place can't be beat, and honestly, I don't live in AZ anymore, so I can't even come here !!  Boo-hoo.  I thought that when I moved to Los Angeles, I could certainly find  equal to, if not better, but that isn't the case, and I pine for this place everytime I walk into the place I now have to use.  They are always out of things I want/need, they charge more, and their quality on the food products is much less.  I so miss this place.
1	I am sad that this is the only baking superstore in my vicinity. Perhaps if this store were located among the many craft and culinary boutiques in the heart of Stepford (aka the East Valley), it would not be so highly rated and flocked to in throngs. I've only attempted to shop here thrice but each time I have been unable to find any of the things I had been looking for. I felt snubbed by the baking ladies who'd rather cackle amongst themselves about whose cardiologist was potentially worse than help a customer find a product. Instead I blindly searched and was waved off to an area where the items "might be" and when happening upon an "out of stock" label on a lonely shelf, was offered no further assistance on how I might acquire said missing item in the future. I left the bakery as I had come in, without a greeting and without notice. It's a shame this place blows so badly because it does smell amazing!
5	This place rules. If you're looking for high-end, low-end, fancy, mundane, obscure, or whatever you need for your sweet treats, it's here. I guarantee it. The staff are helpful, too. I get lost here in the very best way.
5	This place is amazing.  A definite must for any baker.  They have every type of pan, gizmo, or gadget you could ever need at rock bottom prices.  I like to stock up on cellophane bags and disposable loaf pans (those brown paper ones) for holiday gift giving.  Sure, you can probably find a majority (but not all) of their items at Sur La Table, but you'll pay more.
5	As a culinary industry employee/baked goods enthusiast, I have to say that I really dig this little gem.  They have everything you could need for baking that perfect cake, cookie, candy, chocolate, etc.  They have decorations, edible glitters, sprinkles, cake toppers, utensils, cake sheets, food coloring, helpful staff, classes and more!  I love coming in here and just walking around to try and get ideas.  They can be a tad pricey but it's worth checking out.  I even found rose water here when I was making a chocolate cake and wanted to make a vanilla bean/rose frosting!! Yay cakes!
4	I really like the selection of flavors here. I make my own juice for my e-cig and ABC offers a nice variety that help keep our vaping interesting. My only complaint about the place is their hours, I wish they were open later on weekends!
5	This place was amazing!!!  Tons of stuff to look through!  I went in looking for pastry/decorating bags and found so much more!  They had an amazing array of cookie cutters!! They had dinosaurs, cowboy, states, mermaid cookie cutters and soooo much more!  They also had a great variety of decorating tips and large sizes too which I thought did not exist!  They also had wedding cake toppers that had gay and lesbian couples, which I thought was awesome since I was in AZ and was surprised to see this! They also had chocolate molds as well. You name it this place probably has it!!
5	Awesome place-- you can find just about anything you need here to get your baking done.  I love baking cakes and cupcakes and I come here for all my specialty supplies.  So much better of a selection than Michael's, Joanns or any craft store.  Variety of flavors, shapes, colors, ect.
4	This store is fantastic. I don't decorate cakes, so I can't take advantage of everything they have to offer. But I do make cake pops and I can find many of my supplies at ABC - sprinkles (the great wall of sprinkles!), sucker sticks, candy melts, candy molds and boxes. Prices aren't the cheapest on some items, so if it's something I can pick up at Michael's with a coupon, I will do that instead.I love to browse the aisles and marvel at all the products they have, wishing I had the talent and use for everything! They offer several classes I'd like to try, but the times just don't fit my schedule.The staff is friendly, although I don't usually have any more interaction with them other than check-out. It's a 30 mile drive from home, so I only stop in weekday afternoons after work, when it seems to be fairly busy. Which means the only thing I'd really whine about is their hours - a 5:30pm closing time is a little earlier than I'd like, and some days I can't make it in time!
3	I found tons of really awesome decorating and baking supplies here, as the name states. I will say I did not however find many wedding decorations for cakes. Pricing is really good and I would definitely go again if I needed something and was on that side of town. I would not however make a special trip just to go there as I did last time.
5	Great selection of supplies. Good for both hobby and commercial bakers. I buy almost all of my cake decorating supplies here. Classes are great too!"
5	These people are the best! Friendly, helpful, knowledgeable -- anything you need they have. Hope you go there, I am a regular.
3	ABC is really the only place in Phoenix of its kind, other than going to Michael's or Joann's for cake supplies which can get pricey. They do not always have what I am looking for but they have a wide selection of many cake baking and decorating items. If you are thinking of making a themed cake, you can really customize it here because they sell individual decor items here (glass slippers, balloons, figurines, cartoon characters, etc., you get the picture). They even sell fondant and edible cake jewels, pearls, glitter, etc.The tips are in the glass case and they also sell gorgeous sugar flowers if you don't know how or are too lazy to make it yourself. Come here for the cheap cake boxes and cake cardboard rounds. One of my favorite cakes made with some edible paint from this store was the NIN cake (which you can google if you like, I have pearls around mine). The cons:*Close too early :( *Small store that easily gets very crowded, so you may be overwhelmed by Thelma and Louise looking for a spatula.*Most of the workers are snobby. With the exception of one older woman, I have never received friendly service from anyone else in the many years I have been coming here. I remember coming here when I was a young teen and it has always been the same. Luckily I just devised a get in and get out routine, I already know what I need and where it is. They have what I need and I am willing to put up with it because it beats ordering online, or paying high prices for a small selection elsewhere. As someone else mentioned perhaps they are selectively friendly?
4	If there is a better cake supply company in Phoenix, I haven't found it.As an amateur cake artist the knowledge and experience of the staff is a HUGE help.  When I tell them what I'm trying to accomplish they give great tips and show me which products are my best options.They'll also let you sample the food products before you buy.They also have a schedule of classes that changes monthly for helping to improve your cake decorating skills.If you're not careful you can spend a lot.  So take your list with you and try to stick to it.
5	After arriving in az 2 years ago, I found ABC Cake Arts!  They have been very helpful upon every visit.  The staff have always been full of advice, and so helpful.  They have been willing to do many special orders to help meet my need.  Sue Jacobs Cakes has only the highest regard for this business!
4	This place must be heaven for those that are serious about their baking... I'm quite an amateur, but was super impressed nonetheless with the amount of baking tools and supplies that are squeezed into this store.  The staff was friendly and knowledgeable.  I went in with a grocery list from my sister-in-law.  I needed to get red chocolate to melt, red sprinkles, and white and black frosting in a tube.  Our plan was to make "Muno" pretzel rods (from Yo Gabba Gabba).  ABC had everything on my list and more... I ended up purchasing special candy "eyeballs" instead of the white and black frosting and they worked perfectly!  (They came out super cute by the way and were pretty easy to make too!)I also bought some candles and a spatula.  I could have done a ton more damage; there were so many fun baking accessories there from cookie cutters and cake toppers to edible glitter frosting and special molds to make suckers, cake pops, chocolate, etc... they also carry really cute shaped pans, packaging, and more. Whether you're a professional, or just an amateur looking to do a little baking of some sort, check this place out - they are locally owned and have been around since 1965.  They must be doing something right!Additional tip: they offer all kinds of classes!
4	Anything you can think of that has to do with baking, this is the place to be.  They have everything you are looking for and need.  Boxes, decorations, candles, and supplies.  Their prices are very reasonable too.  If you own a store, make sure you apply for their resale program where  you can get almost everything at the resale price w/o paying for taxes.  For boxes, if you get the bulk sizes, you will save even more.  I've been shopping from them for about 2 years now and I can't think of any other places where I would get all my baking supplies.
5	If you have ever baked anything in your life you need to check this place out! There is an aisle dedicated to cupcake wrappers alone! Every decoration you could imagine, pans in every shape and size. But the best part about ABC cakes is the incredibly helpful staff. They are experts and will walk you through any pastry related question you may have. The prices are great as well, an added bonus. Awesome place.
4	I come here whenever I'm baking something special.  They usually have whatever it is I'm looking for.  If not, it usually can't be found anywhere else either.  I also took one of the classes, GREAT instructors, totally worth the money I spent on supplies.  The staff is always friendly.  The rows are kind of small so if the place is packed it can get awkward, but they're jam packed with stuff so it can't be helped.  Do be careful in the entrance/parking area, it can get a little congested and not everyone pays attention.  Wish there was one closer to me. :)
5	Absolutely MUST-GO for anything cake, cookie, cupcake related.  Went to five stores prior looking for the perfect cookie cutter.  Should have started here first because I hit the jackpot!  AH-MAZING!  Plus the staff was ever so helpful with products and questions.  Definitely recommend, and I'll be going back.
5	i love this store! they have anything that i've ever needed for my baking projects. and i've been shopping with them for well over 20 years. helpful, friendly staff, great selection and great prices. and i love that it is a local business.
5	I've been here once but the prices seem very reasonable and the staff are helpful.  I'll definitely be back!
5	This place is a bakers dream! Everything you could think of for your baking and decorating needs can be found at this store. From edible glitter to Star Wars cupcake liners, all sorts of stuff can be found. I love ABC because they have all of the supplies to make my baked goods look somewhat professional. Their employees have always been helpful with giving out advice on how to use supplies. I also like that they have an online ordering system, so you can just pick out what you want and pay for it online and then it's at the store ready for you. I also find the prices to be very reasonable, yes some of this stuff can be found at Michael's or JoAnn's but the selection is much smaller and the prices are higher there than ABC. If you're into baking and decorating, I highly recommend visiting ABC.
5	This store really has everything whether you are baking from home or if you are a professional in the business.  They can get busy at times, but they are the only store around that carries a vast array of product.
5	Awesome store they have absolutely everything! It's amazing and staff is so nice and helpful
4	Love this place! I could spend hours looking at all the neat things they have! I drive from Tucson whenever I need stuff for cake orders. Wish there were more places like this around so I wouldn't have to drive so far.Some things, especially fondant tools, are pricy, but I don't always have time to order online or the shipping is too expensive.A lot of people say the staff is friendly and helpful, sadly, I've been here 20+ times since starting my cake business and not once have I found the staff friendly or helpful. They all seen to be running around in a hurry but not doing much. I have to hunt someone down to ask any questions and then they either don't know or don't care to help.
5	I depend on this place for a lot of supplies, particularly cake boxes and plastic molds since they have a pretty good variety of those. I've always found the employees to be helpful with a good attitude and the prices to be about the same as Michaels, Hobby Lobby, etc. One thing I wish they had was black standard cupcake liners. I bought them here once but haven't found them in stock since then. I called today looking for them and was told they wouldn't be in stock for a few weeks.
4	Has everything a baker needs. Staff is super knowledgeable and friendly. Parking is a little crowded early morning Friday and Saturday cause it gets super busy.
5	I come here all the damn time for the various things I need to create the elaborate cakes and edible creations I like to make in my spare time.  Need a grass icing tip?  Got them.Need a flower nail?  Got them too.How about pre-made, colorful gum paste and Royal Icing flowers?  Yep, got them as well.Looking for a Scooby Doo cake topper?  Yep, along with most all other well know cartoon characters.Would you like some molded sugar Hello Kitty cake decorations?  Right here.Need some cotton candy flavored food extract?  Yes.A 10" round cake pan and lidded cake box?  Right over there.Want some disposable candy boxes for making homemade truffles?  Right down that aisle.Care for a book on making professional cake pops?  Right here.Pale mint frosting tint?  Next to the tubs of premade buttercream icing.Candy melts in bright yellow?  On the same aisle as the iridescent lustre dust.Need a bride and groom cake topper?  Got them.Need a groom and groom, or bride and bride cake topper?  Got them as well.Seriously folks, if you've ever been even remotely interested in cake decorating, candy making, baking cupcakes, and any and all other types of confections, baked goods and pastries you've got to check this place out; it makes the cake decorating aisle at other combination craft stores jealous.
5	I love this place.  I love that it is over-crowded with anything and everything I could possibly ever want or need to meet my every baking desire.  Many times, a "quick" trip to this place has turned into over an hour of wandering.  I love that staff has left me to my own devices, gone above and beyond to be helpful, but has never tried to push me into buying more.Not that I needed another reason to love it here, but tonight I got one.  I left work a bit early to get some last minute supplies (and to avoid ending up on Cake Wrecks), so, of course, traffic was awful and I arrived right at 6p--closing time.  I decided to chance it and wait at the door until a staffer caught my eye.  Once she did I peeked my head in to request permission to enter for 'just one thing'.  I know she didn't want to let me in.  I know how badly they all wanted to go home after a long day as I've been in that position many times myself.  But she allowed it and did so with a smile.  I jogged back to get my one thing and remembered I also needed boxes.  She was so very gracious to help me out with that as well.  I said thank you a billion times, but I am truly appreciative of folks going the extra mile.  The only way I could think of to thank them further was to write a glowing review.Again, I already loved it here.  Tonight I was given even more reasons to love it.  Thank you to the young woman that helped me and to the gentleman who was also working.  I appreciate the kindness as we sometimes seem to be running so low on that.  You have earned a fan for life!
5	Growing up on Long Island, I used to frequent a place called Grandma's Candy Kitchen. There, my mom and I would be transported into a world of chocolate melts, molds, and every piece of cake decorating material under the sun. When I moved, I was convinced my holiday chocolate-making was over....and then I found ABC. This place is PERFECT! Not only do they have delicious chocolate melts and a huge selection of chocolate molds, but the staff is friendly and knowledgeable. I no longer have to rely on the online abyss of recipes for my holiday treat needs.Overall, come to ABC if you're looking for treat-making supplies. It's the only place like it here in town!
