5	An excellent Italian restaurant in downtown Madison, WI. We caught this place out of the corner of our eye and boy am I glad we stopped in for dinner. It's not a large place, but it's very cozy and we had a great time kidding around with the staff. The food is excellent - every one of the six of us in the group had nothing but good things to say.They brought some freshly-baked bread to the table and we ate probably 3-4 baskets of the stuff. The butter for the bread was awesome. I wish I could remember what was in it (it was a compound butter) but I can't. Just know that it's really good.Salads for our group were: Insalata Caprise (mozzarella, tomatoes, artichokes, basil, garlic, olive oil); House salads, we tried different dressings including Spicy Gorgonzola, Spicy tomato and Italian Chunk. Each were great but I'll warn you that the spicy part is true. It's a heat that builds up the more you eat it. Delicious.I had the Spaghetti Alla Bolognese which was to die for. The sauce is wonderful and the dish was served with a small side of sauteed green beans. For such a simple dish, I was very impressed. Others in our group had Rigatoni Alla Vodka (both gave it great reviews) and Fettuccine Alla Corsara (pasta w/ salmon) and it also got great reviews.I highly recommend this restaurant - we were blown away by the food and the wait staff.
5	First "nice" place I ever took my boyfriend and was not disappointed.  Quaint and modest, this little family-owned Italian restaurant on Capitol Square is absolutely phenomenal.  Beautiful fresh flowers and glowing candles decorate the tables, Frank Sinatra provides music to your ears, the bar offers a fabulous wine selection, and the view of the Capitol lit up at night provides a breathtaking view for your eyes.  Go on a Saturday from late Spring to early fall and enjoy  a menu that features the freshest food purchased from the local Farmer's Market that very morning.  Favorites include the Caprese salad, cannelloni, seafood pasta, and tiramisu.  This would also be a delightful place to have your rehearsal dinner or other special occasion.  If you're in town, be sure to visit! Mangia, mangia!
4	Grade: A-Fantastic Italian food that doesn't make you feel gross afterwards. Excellent service.
1	All you other people giving 4 or 5 stars must all be locals who never have had good Italian food in any major metropolis. I'm sorry, this place may have gotten recommended by a few, but when you go to an Italian spot, call me crazy, but maybe you just want some pasta? Here they only have one dish that is JUST pasta on the menu, and the rest are overdressed meat dishes. Service was terrible, and they also screwed up my order. Put all that aside, and the food STILL wasn't that good. The one plus? Sinatra playing overhead, which for me, can make a bus terminal seem like Central Park in Spring. The owner, who is actually present in the kitchen is a sweetheart of a guy, but regardless, don't go there.
3	My wife and I had made reservations at this restaurant based upon reviews on Yelp and Google since we are from out of town. With it being the middle of the summer here in WI we choose to dine outside. Our host kindly and quickly seated us. Our wait began, service was slow, so slow we figured we probably should order our antipasti and our wine at the same time. We got our wine, thank goodness for the great tasting fresh bread and compound butter that was placed on our table, this help carry us over until the antipasti arrived. We ordered the Funghi Ripieni, a very good choice. After eating the antipasti and one serving of bread, we still did not received our food so we asked for a refill of the bread and another wine. We finally got our salads, very simple, colorful and tasty, we both had the Gorgonzola dressing. We tried not to let the delay ruin our experience, since we were sitting outside the activity of the Capital Square kept us talking. When the food finally arrived, about 45 minutes after putting in our order we were presented our selections: Spaghetti Alla Bolognese and Tortellini Alla Boscaiola. Both were excellent with rich full flavors. Overall the food was excellent, nice presentation and plenty of it, it just took a long long time from start to finish.
