5	I have used this company numerous times for repairs.  They are so professional and dependable and do an excellent job.  They are a family owned business and have been around for 30 years.  Billy, the owner is on site working with his family and staff and does a very thorough job.  From the first call to the bid and contract, they follow up, follow through and you can count on them doing what they say they are going to do and doing a great job at that!!They make sure you are happy and strive to please.  They call to thank you for the business and to make sure you are satisfied.  I would not trust any other company.I recently bought another house and it needed a new roof.  It was done, on time, on schedule, in a very professional way and I am very pleased with the finished result and it comes with a transferable 15 year warranty.  You cannot go wrong with this family owned company.  I am one happy camper with them and will use them for future needs and be proud to refer them to my friends and family!!
1	I am in agreement with Ed M's review. This has been a terrible experience.  We have many of the same issues as Ed described.  Additionally,  we've had our AC repairman out three times due to the roofing crew hooking the wiring up incorrectly.Apparently our HOA contracted with them...an "open contract" with no end date. Our roof has been in progress since May 20, 2014 and as of today, July 8, 2014 it does not look promising to be completed any time soon. This company leaves trash all over the place. We've had a cooler on our front planter for four weeks. The asphalt truck has been parked in our driveway for four weeks. Monsoons have begun, so one can imagine the mess after one of those rolls through. This is the most unprofessional contractor I've ever encountered.
5	I used Phillips Roofing on my second home in Sun Lakes after seeing the great work they were doing in my South Phoenix neighborhood,  the HOA had contracted with them after a recommendation from a board member. We were always in contact with Bill the owner, on the progress of the job.  The cost of the roof, workmanship and warranty was the best I have come across in all my years as a home owner.
1	I'm sorry to update this negatively.  My next door neighbor's bedroom ceiling was damaged by a leak left unsealed by the crew. Still no reimbursement for two AC technician visits we incurred due to the error of the crew. We're all disappointed in our section and want a roof inspection.  Especially since the contractor who is working at my neighbor's house was on our roofs taking photos yesterday.  We have no idea why. Unnerving.
4	I am happy to update this in a positive light. Our roof was replaced by Phillips Roofing and it was quite difficult due to the type of roof we had and that we are in the center of four attached patio homes. Consequently,  there were many issues, some of which were beyond their control. One was our skylight.  It had aged and all of the roofing work may or may not have caused a crack to develop which let rain in. Even though we couldn't be sure of the cause, Bill came over and looked at it for us and had his son install our new skylight free of charge. We appreciate their help and have no more leaks. :)
