4	While I didn't hit up the restaurant portion, my girlfriend and I did stay for a weekend (circa November 2006) at the inn due to a recommendation from a friend who had lived in Montreal for a bit. The inn can definitely be described as a place for older couples. We were definitely the youngest ones around, which didn't bother us at all but might have bothered others around us. We weren't going to be loud or obnoxious, so please, stop giving us dirty looks.Perfectly situated in the older section of Montreal, the inn is within walking distance of many of the sites within old Montreal. We were also able to easily access any place outside of the older section while never being that far away from our hotel. More on the actual inn.We went during the off season (November) and spend $165/ night for the most basic room; a room with a queen sized bed and a complete bathroom. The room had views of a cathedral and its gardens, which probably would have been beautiful in the spring, but was not very impressive in the fall (obviously not the fault of the garden). Now, I'm not really accustomed to nice hotels, so I was quite impressed with the elegant hardwood floors, the wall sconce equipped with dimmers, the comfortable bed, the clean bathroom...etc etc. Perhaps I'm not the best one to say this, but it's definitely one of the nicest hotel rooms I have ever had the pleasure of staying in. Breakfast the next morning was excellent, if a bit less filling than my usual morning meal.  Overall, the vibe was cozy, classy, intertwined with a bit of old school charm.
5	We made a special trip from our hotel to this restaurant as it came highly recommended by my local friend.  This restaurant completely reminds us of our trip to Paris and brought back lot of good memories we had over there with the good food and Parisian ambience.  The quality of the lunch menu was superb and the price reasonable.  The service was surprisingly good, as we usually don't expect too much from a French restaurant serving non-French speakers.We were extremely happy with everything we saw (the fresh flowers, the decor, the tableware, the food portion...), we tasted, and our final bill.  Will definitely go there again and again when I visit.
4	Had the most delicious meal here with a group of 16! We had our own room off to one side which was cozy (and a little too warm!) but the food was superb and the service outstanding. Very French type cuisine with prices that weren't too bad if you ordered from the table d'hote which we found reasonable. Would dfefinitely recommend this establishment to anyone visiting Old Montreal!
5	Preface:  Autumn 2008This hotel is the kind of place you could go and pretend you lived here.  From the inside, the rooms are gorgeous: high ceilings and hardwood floors.  Views overlook cobblestone and storefront-lined streets.  Walls are thick and sound does not carry, so if you tend to sleep soundly in a different bed, you might find yourself well-rested for  days of adventure in your 'new neighborhood.'    The hotel was a two-minute walk to the Notre Dame basilica.  As a tourist, walking through the church felt peripherally spiritual.  The walking tour included Rue St. Laurent which is home to top-shelf shopping, cafes, and restaurants.  This area is in close proximity to China town.  Taxi rides are minutes from fine adult entertainment and art museums.  If you want to plan ahead, you can, but it's not necessary.Although googling my trip helped, I would say that it wasn't necessary.  The spots I wanted to go overlapped the places I just discovered on my own, and the hotel staff will help you find what it is that you're looking for.
5	I can't say enough good things about both the hotel and the restaurant parts of Bonaparte. My parents and I walked into the hotel without a reservation on a Sunday evening. The staff was extremely friendly and accomodating, and was able to provide us with a beautiful room for slightly less than other hotels that are rated $$ on yelp. We didn't spend much time in the room, but it was absolutely lovely -- a double and a queen bed, double jacuzzi tub, clean, quiet, and with a view of the back of the Notre-Dame Basilica! The room rate also included breakfast at Bonaparte Restaurant -- the French Toast, made with French bread from the previous night's dinner service was out of this world. There was also parking available for a small fee ($10?), free wi-fi, and a computer and printer for guests in the lounge.We also ate dinner at Bonaparte restaurant, and loved it. My dad and I are big foodies, while my mom has pretty simple tastes, and we all agreed it was one of the best meals we'd ever had. Recommendations: The lobster special w/ vanilla-muscat sauce sounded like it would be too sweet, but was perfect. The mushroom ravioli was exquisite, with paper-thin pasta encasing an amazingly complex mushroom filling. And the fois gras duo was perfect fois... need I say more? The steak tartare was huge, and in my opinion a little overseasoned, but that may just have been because it was my third course, and I was approaching saturation by that point. By far the best feature of both the hotel and restaurant was the service, which was unobtrusive but amazingly considerate. Examples: my dad mentioned that we were celebrating my graduation from grad school, and the server brought me a complementary little bottle of ice cider that paired perfectly with my fois. (And a pen from the restaurant, which was a cute touch.) Even better, I went down to the lounge to read at about 11:30 pm. I was worried that since it was so late, they might be closing up. But I sat down in the empty lounge and started reading... within 5 minutes, the music had been changed to a soft instrumental track, candles were lit on all the tables, the fireplace was turned on, and the waiter from dinner appeared to offer me "something to help me read." Amazing, and totally exemplary of the entire experience at Bonaparte -- the staff didn't just make sure we had a nice time, but obviously enjoyed our enjoyment of the whole weekend. I could live there.
5	Nice boutique hotel option right in the heart of Old Montreal.  Our suite was very comfortable with high ceilings and wood floors.  The private balcony overlooking Notre Dame Cathedral was a nice plus.Friendly service and a nice breakfast.  Although we did not make it into the restaurant on this visit.
5	Just checking out and had a wonderful stay here at the Bonaparte! Room was beautiful and comfortable with hard wood floors, large windows and high ceilings. The bathroom was huge with a large modern shower. The staff was eager to please and pleasant. They have a parking lot across the cobble stone street for an extra $20 a day which was very convenient since parking is tough and a car is absolutely not needed since everything is in walking distance. Highly recommended!
