4	The food isn't to bad.  Its a great local bar.  Very friendly and great bartenders.
5	With all the chain restaurants in the area, I wanted to give a non-chain a go.  This place stood out, so that's where I ended up.  Upon entering the establishment, there was a very pleasant odor in the air, and that was a good start.  The wait staff was quite possibly the friendliest I have ever experienced anywhere, as was evident from the first "hello".  I ordered the smokehouse wings with BBQ sauce and an order of handcut fries.  Both ended up being fantastic.  The atmosphere was great with TVs all around, and it was just a great time from beginning to end.  I will definitely return here when in the Charlotte area and look forward to my next visit.
3	Pleasant dining experience.  The service was the highlight of our evening as our server recommended some nice choices.  Pretty standard fare, good BBQ.  Seemed a bit pricey for what it was though.  The misses ordered the chicken and raved about it.  I thought it was good...but I've had better barbecue.  The atmosphere is completely ready for watching the big game, though, as every wall had no less than 3 tv's!
4	First time eating here. Club sandwich is good. Fries are not my favorite but ok. Service is good. Natalie the bartender is pleasant and attentive. Will defintely be back.
3	The atmosphere is cool. The people are pleasant. We ordered the Tavern Salad and some ribs. The Tavern Salad, I have to admit is awesome, but the ribs were too tough. I have had way better ribs in my lifetime. I will stay away from the ribs and will frequent this joint when I have a taste for a quick salad.
3	I came on a Mon night & it was almost dead. The service was good, not great. I ordered the Catamount, bbq sandwich, it was overcooked, salty, & left it much to be desired. The fries were so greasy, you can see what type of oil they used, soggy, & again, not my choice to have. My husband enjoyed the Chili Cheese Burger, but he was hungry, does that count? I'll give it another chance another time.
4	Best wings in my neighborhood of Highland Creek. Good BBQ and great atmosphere. Try the smoke wings.
4	First experience here was a good one.  Came here after work to meet a few co-workers and catch up.  They were very accommodating for a big group by pushing a bunch of tables together.  We were anticipating 10 people but about 7 people showed up total.Wednesdays were 1/2 price wine bottle days so it was a good thing.  I ended up drowning my work sorrows with 22oz beers.Had the blackened chicken Monterrey sandwich with fries and killed the whole thing (including crumbs).  A bit of an odd place to "go out drinking" but it serves drinks and decent food.  A great dinner/meeting place to blow off steam after work, or maybe a hard day at Concord Mills.
4	I am visiting the area. I don't like chain restaurants so this place was a great find. I had the beer can chicken. Moist and tasty. Great green beans and mash potatoes leaving one to desire seconds. Happy to have discovered!
5	Great food and really great service. The beef brisket is amazing.  Great fried pickles. great wings. Fish, so so stick with the beef , pork and chicken. One of our favorite restaurants and so so so much better the the chain restaurants
4	I use this place for business lunches and the after work beer all the time.  Great atmosphere, lots of good food.  Recommend this highly.  Service is great.
4	Had Dinner there last night and ate at the bar.  I had the Brisket and Melinda had the port shoulder.  Both meals were very good and tasty.   While they had a couple of beer selections I would have expected more selections for a place call a Tavern.   Also Melinda wanted a cup of hot tea and they don't serve it.  It was odd that they have iced tea and they could have just poured it and put it in the microwave.  Odd!Overall I would go back.  Overall 3 Beers, two generous portion meals for $40.
3	Located across from the Concord Mills Mall. The place is quaint and reminiscent of an old Chicago type establishment (though this in NC), with a brick interior and exterior. The service was very good and the food was fair. They have a bar, with a fairly good list of beers and wines. They also had a few tables located outside. The french fries were fresh (cut from fresh potatoes and not frozen), but needed to be a bit more crispy or seasoned. The smoked turkey was very good, but the BBQ sauce was too vinegary. The baked beans were very good and only wish they were not served in one of those tiny side cups. The prime rib was exactly how my husband likes it. Though surprised to see a horseradish sauce, rather than real horseradish. They do serve very large amounts, so expect to take home leftovers, which we could not since staying in a hotel. Parking is located behind and limited. This was a good change of pace in a sea of chains. I would dine here again.
3	Ok. So the wife and I just checked this place out for lunch. My wife has gluten issues so was careful as to what she ordered. She decided on the pulled pork plate. She did ask the waiter if the bbq sauce was thickened with or used flour un any way. As he was not sure he asked the kitchen an promptly returned with an answer....so far so good.  I ordered a burger with a jalepeno pimento cheese on it along with fried green tomatoes, red onions and shoestring fries. Our orders were ready and at our table shortly. My burger used good quality meat and was cooked without being dried out. The fried green tomatoes were good as well, but to refer to the pimento cheese as having anything to do with jalepenos is a sin. Sure there was a slight hint...as if a jalapeno was waved over the the bowl the pimento cheese was in.  So we have a fail on the burger....which would have been fine except for the non-existent jalapeno.  The fries were nice and crispy.  Now on to my wifes plate. This was the pulled pork plate, served with slaw and baked beans. They did allow her to sub fries for the toast usually served with this dish. The fries were good as mentioned before, the bbq pork left something to be desired though. The sauce seemed bland and the pork was almost mushy, as if it had sat in a warming tray a bit to long. The baked beans were nothing to write home about either. I prefer Shanes or even Smokey Bonez over this place, and they are both pretty average. So to sum it up I'd rate the service as a "B" or 4 star.. It was at least competent... The food should rate "C" or  maybe even a "D" or 2  1/2 stars.   Oh well we have been wanting to try this place out for a while.  It was a bit if a diappointment though
4	I absolutely love the food here! I have tried the nachos (messy but delicious), barbalo wings (tavern's own sauce, a mix of buffalo and bbq), burger and philly cheese steak sandwich. Everything has been delicious. Peanut butter pie for dessert... yum! My only issue with the place is that i have been on many different nights and it always seems to be karaoke night. This presented a problem last time i visited and the server got my order wrong because he couldn't hear.Other than that, it's a great place!
2	My friend and I stopped here to try a new spot near the mall.  It was a nice spot, but the menu and food left a lot to be desired.  Neither me or my friend were impressed by the either.  I ordered a pulled pork sandwich.  It was MEH.  I ate it, but it left me with the, "I wish I didn't waste my meal out for the day" out on "that" feeling.  My friend's meal was also sub par.  I won't be back to eat, but maybe for a beer or two.
4	Ordered the DY Cheesesteak and Fish and Chips... And cleaned our plates. Best cheesesteak in town. Bar none. Atmosphere and service lacked a bit, but food makes up for it.
5	Were in town for Great Wolf Lodge stay and tried this place for dinner.  It was perfect. No wait  for nine people on a Saturday night and the food service was fantastic and good value.  I had the special, New York strip and wings. Yum. My friend had their pork shoulder special but rub with a side of wedgie!
4	I am in the area to attend a concert and stumbled upon this place on Yelp. I had wings and my boyfriend had a chicken quesadilla, both delicious. I also had an amazing pumpkin ale, garnished with brown sugar, but I can't remember the name (it was suggested by our waiter). The menu was small, but we were satisfied with our choices, overall great experience.
3	We stopped by because they have a selection of $4 drink specials on Saturday (Absolute, Bombay Sapphire, etc.). I am more of a wine drinker, but I didn't object. For a small, local restaurant/bar, the atmosphere is pretty lively. I like the exposed brick throughout the dinning area. And they have karaoke starting at 10pm on Saturdays. I ordered the smoked & grilled chicken wings appetizer as my meal. Two of my friends ordered the wing platter which came with 1 side (such as fries, mashed potatoes, or a side salad) along with a small serving of cole slaw and baked beans. Both of my friends really enjoyed the wings; however, I wasn't as impressed. The wings were just okay. I probably wouldn't order them again. They didn't have much flavor and they were more chewy than crispy. Another friend ordered the blackened chicken sandwich with fried onions and a side of their fresh cut fries. She enjoyed her sandwich and we both enjoyed her fries (she let me taste one :-). They are cut fresh in-house. Note to the chef: they would be really good with some Lawry's seasoning salt on them! :-) Our waiter, Tommy, was excellent. He was very attentive and personable. He made this a memorable experience. Overall, this place is okay.  The food is edible and the service was good.  But with new restaurants constantly opening in the area, this place better step it up.
3	Cool atmosphere...  The bartenders were lacking.  This would be a cool place to get up for a game, but not recommended for dinner.
2	Tired bar with tired staff and tired food.I am lucky to sit at the bar with a rather attentive bartender. Service was fast enough but the food was so so. I had their brisket and it was tough piece of meat. Felt like I was eating a plank. It was hard, flat , dense, dry and felt like i was chewing thru wood.Can;t say I will be back anytime soon.
5	Fun & friendly staff. Very DELICIOUS food. Hubby had chili burger, MELT IN YOUR MOUTH WONDERFUL. I had Blacked chicken Caesar salad, awesome! Even the kids chicken tenders are flavorful & juicy. Highly recommend this tavern.
1	Just visited and extremely disappointed. No mixed drinks, no Smirnoff ice and no apple pie. The apple pie is even listed on the menu. Yet the waitress said they have never served apple pie. I will never be back.
4	Honestly the best wings I've had in a long time. All the sauces are made in house, they were smoked and grilled to perfection in my opinion. Very friendly staff that helped out really well with the menu. I also had the burger and onion rings, very good, meat was cooked exactly the way I ordered it. Onion rings are beer battered and made in house. Service was great all around and menu prices are very fair. I found my new "wing spot" definitely recommend to all. I gave it 4 out of 5 only because I've had better burgers but It was a very tasty burger and definitely worth trying. Juicy thick meat.
5	I've only had the smoked prime rib with veggies and mash. I've had it quite a few times and always enjoy it. I've never seen this dish anywhere else but it could just be that I'm still new to the area. The price is awesome for so much food and the bartender is nice. Good service but it's always pretty empty when I'm there. The only negative is that I like my steak rare and it comes out that way only one out of 4 or so times. The kitchen isn't consistent with steak temperatures. Still tasty!
2	Meh...that is essentially my entire sentiment on this place. Spinach artichoke dip was lacking seasoning & I suspect it was canned spinach as it was watery. I got the Wolfpack salad & it was one of the better items from what our table ordered. Did get the dressing on the side & am thankful for that as the BBQ ranch was not good. Tavern burger was terrible- the jalapeno pimento was gobbed all over perhaps to hide the fact the burger was overcooked & underseasoned. The smoked turkey looked like thick lunch meat? One of the better items I had here was the mint on the way out the door. Im not impressed & if you are in the area, I'd recommend driving around a little to see your other options.
1	I'm not one to really ever write a review but am doing so, in this case, to possibly save anyone the trouble of wasting money here. The food was....in a word....awful! The sirloin was tasteless and tough and the sides were average at best. If you are looking for a pub/tavern atmosphere then I suggest going to RiRa or somewhere similiar. The ambienance is just strip mall generic. The only thing worse than the food was our waitress...too much to even mention!!!
4	In town for the race and we were driving around looking for lunch and happened upon this place. I had fish and chips that were great. My buddy had a barbecue sandwich and he said it was very good. It has a nice pub atmosphere and the staff was friendly and good. I would recommend it and come back again.
5	You can read my tip in yelp but this place is awesome great smoked food and delicious drinks. Excellent staff definitely coming back, maybe tomorrow lol.
5	We just had lunch on the way back home to Danville VA and just had to try the food at Tavern at the Mills!! I am glad we did! The food was very good, the atmosphere was fun and upbeat, and the staff was really friendly!! We will definitely drive 3 hours for the food... Next time u would like to try the smoked chicken wings and the prime rib!!!!
1	Came here for lunch with my family while traveling. It was filthy and the food was salty and awful.
1	I have driven past this place many times and always though it looked cool on the outside. Last weekend my gf and I were at Concord Mills and decided to grab some lunch.I had a terrible experience and feel bad for taking my gf there because I know she deserves better. First, the hostess was poorly dressed and looked like she had just roller out of bed. Then, the food was mediocre, it seemed as if it had been sitting under a heat lamp for a while. I order the BBQ sandwich, I am a big fan of BBQ, I like all types and am very rarely disappointed with BBQ but this BBQ was not good. It just seemed like tasteless pork covered in sauce with a few cold fried pickles on top.Needless to say, I won't be back again.
2	This is one of the few non-chain restaurants in the wasteland of Hell commonly known as Concord Mills. I would rate it as subpar for the price. The food was quite average. Wedge salad was ok, lots of bacon and blue cheese, but only 3 cherry tomato halves. The cheesesteak was nothing to write home about. The beer battered fish was obviously straight from a box in the freezer. Fries were already limp on both plates when delivered to the table. Service was slow, even though the restaurant was mostly empty. The blinds by our booth were covered in a thick layer of dust, and there was a lot of food debris on the windowsill. This might be a decent place to catch a sporting event on tv, but I wouldn't recommend it if a good meal is your only objective.
5	Excellent DYs cheesesteak. Best I've ever had. I go out of my way to stop here and get the cheesesteak. The Nachos are great to order and share too, if you're not too hungry.
