4	Yeah, inconvenient location b/c you have to take an additional shuttle from the rental center shuttle from the airport (yes, 2 shuttles).  And they work out of a trailer, and the lot looks a little sketchy.  But the staff (esp Daniel) was super nice and considerate, especially given our terrible luck in traveling to Vegas (we won't get into it).  And $13/day sure does rock.  Since we had a 1P flight back home, we weren't too worried about all the shuttles & drive to the lot to return our car -- but if we'd had to book one of those 6A or 7A flights, I might be rating this a little differently :D
1	THE WORST Car rental experience I have ever EVER had.Let me list the reason why you should spend a little extra money on another company or go to priceline and get a good priced rental from Hertz.  1. First of all, its not in the McCarran Rent-A -Car center. You have to take a shuttle from the airport to the Rent-A-Car center and then another shuttle to Fox. 2. The rental company is in the middle of nowhere and the office is not inviting AT ALL... its a portable 3. They made us wait for our car to be washed.... The car was washed by a man with a hose under a metal tent. The man that washed our car was also the one that drove it up all the waiting people. YES THERE WAS A LINE. Not to mention it was windy outside and after he washed (not dried the car) it got all dirty from the dust that was blowing on the cars and in my eyes. 4. It was ghetto. Their auto repair shop could have been cinder blocks b/c that's what it looked like. The car wash was a man with a hose and a brush. They seemed to wash all the cars before bringing them out to people, lets just say it wasn't the fastest operation. 5. THE WAIT WAS LONG! We were there for over an hour. Lets just say, it was a good thing we didn't have anything planned 2 hours after our plane landed. 6. The car sucked! Did not realize that we had to roll down our windows b/c hand and make sure everyone locked the door  before they left. Advice: Pay the little extra money.. its worth it... FOX was awful!
1	Wow....I should have know when I received terrible service in San Diego not to opt for the cheapest rental car in Vegas.  Boy...did that bite me in the a$$.  So, I booked my car about 3 weeks in advance.  I didn't notice on the paperwork that there wasn't a reservation number until I arrived at the site.  First, you have to take a shuttle from the McCarran Rent-A-Car and they claim it picks up every 8 minutes.  That's wishful thinking.  So 2 shuttles later, I arrive at the bombed out trailer they call a business and am greeted by the most unfriendly worthless rental car employee I have ever met.  Yeah, that's you Steven.  So, when I came up to the counter, gave him my license and credit card he couldn't find my reservation.  He then looked over my paperwork and still was of no help.   After that, he told me I had 2 options.  #1 Pay the walk-up rate which was about 50% more then what I booked for. #2 He told me I should call the 800 # to try and get a better rate from them.  Even though I was the only one in there at 7:45am on a Sunday his non-customer service oriented mind said that he would not call the 800 # and that I would have to do it myself.  He did let me attempt to find any helpful additional paperwork in my email, but to no avail, seems I hadn't received an email confirmation.  DAMN THIS PLACE!  So, after the 800 # told me they couldn't quote me a price, I decided I'm going to get the hell out of there ASAP.  I called Enterprise Rent-a-Car (which I should have done in the first place) and they were able to put me in a comparable car for less.  After receiving such rude service from Steven I asked him for his last name or and employee identification number so I could register a formal complaint at corporate.  He wouldn't give me either of the two.  Look...I know you're just reading this review and I could be any bum off the street....but damn...DO NOT RENT FROM HERE!  What the F$$$ is your problem?  All signs point to the fact that you are absolutely going to have a terrible experience.  Oh...but if you don't yield my advice then be sure to slap Steven upside the head that dumb motherf$$$$$! BTW...I will never rent from Fox again!
2	The saving grace of Fox is that they have lower rates than anyone else.  That's what got me here.Everything else is weak.  As other reviews mention, you have to take a shuttle to a shuttle, which sucks.  The line doesn't move quickly, the business looks trashy (come on, it's in a series of trailers) and it's not worth it.I "upgraded" to a Chrysler 300, which performs like shit.  It was reasonably comfortable, which I liked, but acceleration was awful and the tires squealed at every turn regardless of speed.For the standard car I reserved, Budget was only a few dollars more and is in the main rental car center.  Save some time, it's worth the little bit of extra money.
1	this place really deserves negative stars. the money you end up saving is really not worth the troubles that you have to go through. you have to take two shuttles to get to this place, and they don't even have a sign that tells you where to take the second shuttle. their cars are crappy to the max!! the car was dirty inside and out, and w/ no power window. When i got my invoice after i returned the car, i noticed that it said i rented a 2008 Jeep Patriot ... i didn't know they still make cars that don't have power windows in 2008...on top of that crappy-ness the whole time the "change oil" light kept flashing.. forgetting to yelp this place was one of the biggest mistake i made on my trip!!!
4	The service here is great. It's off in the boonies and not at McCarran (2miles north), but we went here cus our initial car had a transmission overheat problem in the middle of the desert despite us driving safely with AC on minimal and in the evening, odd, probably the previous people pushed the car too much (it is a rental). Both this location and the San Jose had really good service. They refunded us a day and gave us a new tank. Everyone is super friendly. I'd give it 5star except we were stuck for 30 mins in the desert letting the car cool down. I do recommend them because of their great service though.
1	Fail! I booked and paid for a Vegas package through Hotels.com which included airfare, hotel and car rental. Upon receiving the car at Fox, I was required to sign their rental contract which showed a total for just over $120.00. I informed the agent at Fox that the car was already paid for as part of a package. He said "not a problem", I still was required to sign the contract and leave a credit card for the deposit in order to receive the car. Reluctantly, I signed the contract and off I went. When I returned the vehicle, I was given a copy of the receipt. Again, I informed the agent that the car was already paid for. He said I shouldn't be billed. Humm??? After I received my credit card statement, guess what was on it?! $120.00 charge from Fox rental, there's a shocker! I attempted to call and resolve this with their corporate office and got absolutely nowhere with these clowns. I contacted my credit card company and disputed the charge. It took 2 months to resolve the issue and luckily, Fox screwed up by not providing my credit card company with the requested information, so the charge was removed from my statement. Thanks Fox!
1	I reserved an Economy car online from Fox two months in advance.  When I arrived at  the Vegas Airport I had to go to the normal car rental shuttles. From there I rode to the Airport Car Rental Location. Then I had to walk to the cab area and wait for another shuttle from Fox. From there is was another 10 minute ride to Fox rental. At Fox rental office I was told that they didn't have any economy vehicles and that the only thing available was a 08 PT Cruiser. I expressesed to the agent that I didn't want a PT cruiser and that anything else wold work. He looked and got a set of keys but said it would cost $7 more perday for a differant car. PT cruiser wasn't even listed in their car list and had it been I would not have reserved with Fox. I ended up having to take the PT cruiser and was given a number to call to trade out cars if one was available. No one answered that number the next day. I finally had to spend 2 hours of my vacation on the phone talking to Fox Corporate. I was disconnected 3 times and it wasn't until I spoke with a supervisor that I was  able to get anything done. I had to drive back to the Rental to trade cars. Another hour of my vacation gone. They were very rude , at least the Scott that I spoke with and ended up giving me an even worst car with less gas mileage than the Cruiser. I think it wrong to advertise a class of car you don't even have, much less a make you don't advertise. When I returned home and checked the web on Fox I found that the rate I received should have given me a full sized car. The also refused to honor the car up grade coupon as well as one I had for 7% discount. I definately say if want to get a 3 year old PT Cruiser and be treated RUDELY this is you rental place. I personally will not return.  I don't like being told , take it or leave it.
3	We rented a car from FOX for our budget trip cuz it was hella cheap. I'll say you get what you pay for.  We were expecting a 96' 2 door Geo or something based on our first impression...being far away from the airport and the caddy shack place they call their office, but instead, a brand new 2009 Ford Focus waiting for us....just fresh off the car wash. We were actually shocked. Then said "Awesome!" considering we only paid $50 for 4 days. There was only 80 miles on the odometer. The car was extremely clean and still had a strong scent of the new car smell.Pros: - Cheap, cheap, cheap- Brand new car- Didn't have to wait too much...maybe 5 minutes?- Reasonable if you are on a budget.Cons:- Main place In a place far, far away. You actually have to take a shuttle from the rental car place, after you take the rental car shuttle from the airport.- Main office is just a portable. Looks kinda' scammish but after checking our credit card statement online....whew, no extra wierd charges.
2	When I booked the rental car, I wasn't aware that this rental agency is not located with all the other rental agencies at the rental center at McCarran airport.  And like everyone else mentioned, you need to take one shuttle from the airport to the regular rental center and then from there, you take another shuttle to get to Fox (they said it's because they are fairly new there and the rental center didn't have anymore room).  Fox is about 2 miles away from the rental center at the airport.  I really should have checked out the reviews on this place first before I booked the rental.  I didn't personally rent the car myself (I waited outside the portable office), but my husband said that they were friendly.  We got a car with 50,000 miles on there but we had no issues with the car whatsoever.  When it was time to return the car, my husband dropped me off at the airport first and it took him about 45 minutes to get back to the airport (after returning the rental car and taking 2 shuttles).
1	make sure that you have your complete flight itinerary printed out before you get to the front desk.  they will not rent to you if you have a debit card, even if you made reservations with said debit card!  i spent an hour-and-a-half watching one customer after another go through the line twice...  once to get their car, and then again to get another car that was not completely fucked up.the woman at the desk had no sympathy, she'd obviously been there a long time.  it took all of my patience not to correct her on her etiquette and demeanor.  when we got our car the guy who cleaned and received vehicles advised us to get a different car because ours was dented and the ragtop was ripped.  when his boss found out, he got chewed out for letting us know that we'd probably absorb the cost of that upon returning the car.this place is so totally crappy and shabby.  pay the extra five dollars and get a car from the guys who are at the off-site car-mall.  this place was off-off-site and it took us twenty minutes to get there.just pathetic...
5	As I write this review, I want you to keep two things in mind.  One, I was on a budget.  Two, I am not a picky traveler.  All I wanted was something that got me from point A to point B, and no sneaky charges.  Fox passed both tests.  I reserved a Jeep Compass with them online for a very low price (I guess there was a special that week).  The reservation explained to me clearly where I needed to go to find the fox rent a car location.  It is not at the airport, you have to take two shuttles from the airport to get there.  That did not bother me.  It may bother most.  Customer service was good., My customer service rep was extremely courteous and helpful.  She explained all my options clearly, and was patient with all my questions.  The car performed adequately, I was able to go to and from the Grand Canyon, and explore Las Vegas without any problems.  This is not a Mercedes or a BMW.  But it took me where I needed to go. In a nutshell, I was more than satisfied.  I got a great deal, and no surprise charges.  I would rent with this location again.
2	Not the worst overall experience I've had in my life, but not so great either....Lets get some pros out of the way:  Booking online was easy. The agent was friendly.  So was the lady checking the paperwork as you leave the lot.  They did have one car for me in the class I rented (better than none).  Had some car trouble, and the customer service related to that was pretty good.  It sure was cheap for the class of car I rented (Dodge Charger, $140 for 4 days with taxes.  Now, for the whole story (but no ending yet, still here in Vegas)---Arrival at LAS... all travelers renting a car take a bus from LAS to a rental car center.  FOX does not have a spot here... nope, now you have to take another bus (another 10-15 minute ride AFTER a 10 minute wait for said bus)....  Ok, now, arrival at the FOX rental.... about 15 people in line, at 0900, and only 2 employees manning the desk....  About 20-30 more minutes in line.... After another 10 minutes waiting for my attendant to figure out what was wrong with her computer, we move to another computer, and a few minutes later I go out to choose my car.  All the cars are dirty, outside and inside.  All cars have about 50-60K miles on them....  Ok, so I choose a white Dodge Charger, 55K miles.  I think they only vacuum the cars, lots of stains, filthy windows/windshield, carpet/upholstery stains, and a dirty dented exterior.  Anyways, seems to drive ok.  Now, the first evening of the rental... driving down 215 on the way to dinner with some friends, I hear a funny noise, blown tire???  Nope, some plastic pan has torn from the bottom of the car, and is scraping the pavement at higher speeds, slowing to 15mph in the shoulder does the trick, getting me to my destination.. Call FOX, waited about 15 minutes on hold for a representitive, I explain the situation to her, and she asks me a few times to return the car to them, I tell her no way, a few times, as I am about 15 miles away, and can only drive 15mph.  I just refuse......  This is the only good part.... as soon as we were done with our dinner they had brought me a replacement vehicle, an upgrade, Chrysler 300... nice car, but I could copy and paste the description of the Charger here.... dirty, dirty, dented, ditry....  My trip to see friends in Vegas ends tomorrow, when I will return the car... hopefully that goes smoothly... we'll see.   Now, I did save about $50 on the 4d rental, and got a Charger instead of a Pontiac g6 or something similair... but was it worth the savings and the upgrade for the hassle and filth?  You decide, as for my opinion, see my rating.  Sorry FOX.
3	I had a 8 day 4x4 need so had to go cheap as this can be a pricey rental and these guys fit the bill.  I knew about the double bus action, but the McCarren bus is so fast, I didn't mind that aspect.  Car was OK, but lacked power locks which was really annoying.  Jeep Patriot.  It was a pretty sad vehicle but did the job.  Rental agent was rude and confrontational with me when I declined the scam refuel and insurance options as I'm sure he was hoping for his commission.  Borderline fraud the way he went about selling it to me and argued with me when I gave my reasons why I didn't need / want it.
1	This was the worst experience with any rental car agency I've utilized. I rented from the Las Vegas office and it began immediately while standing in line. I waited in line for 30 minutes behind two customers. The lady in front of me said she had been waiting for 45 minutes and were now going to catch a cab. When the agent finally saw me I was so frustrated (it was 12:30AM) I just signed and off I went. Upon returning the car I notice I was charged $210.00, after being quoted $116.00 when I made the original reservation. Thank goodness I kept the print out, which actually did me no good. I was told I accepted the insurance, which I most certainly did not. I never take the insurance and would have turned it down had she asked. If I wanted to pay 210.00 I would have rented from another agency. After about 30 minutes I was informed the person who I needed to speak to was not working that day (7/5/10). What a waste of time. I was told by another FOX employee that money issues are not uncommon and agents are paid a commission for the insurance they sell....HHELLLOOO...I left a message for the "right" person about 24 hours ago and have yet to receive a call. Do not try to save money, it is not worth the headache. I see that someone else was there the same day I was and was not pleased either. I wish I'd have read the reviews before hand as I see the same issues.It should be noted, the shuttle driver was pleasant and friendly. He should be working somewhere else...
1	Garbage....... You get what you pay for.. well barely...This place isn't where the other rental car companies are at...... You take a shuttle from the airport to the rental car spot and then take a Fox shuttle to their place....We waited 27 minutes in line to get to the front counter... The older woman behind the counter couldn't have been any ruder unless she hit me.....It took another 20 plus minutes for them to get us a car as we waited outside in 115 degree weather... No air conditioning... No water....Ohh yeah, two different people tried to use the soda machine and it took their money.....I would never go back....
1	I reserved a car from them because of their incredibly low prices.  And, it's true - you get what you pay for.  Absolutely horrible experience all-around.  I definitely will not be using them again.  I'd get into details, but it would just get me angry again and I don't want another bad day because of these guys.  Trust the reviews here.  They're all correct.  Stay away at all costs.
1	DO NOT BOOK HERE!Yes its dirt cheap but they make up with it with fake claims about damage and fuel. First: Its not even NEAR the airport! It is about 20 minutes DRIVE down the stripp far away from the airport. The lot is dirty and looks like out of a movie where they have mangy pittbulls running at night. The cars are really crappy the cheapest of the cheap, ok it is a cheap place so I shouldn;t complain here.When you take the car off the lot MAKE SURE TO CHECK EVERYTHING! Even the tiniest little nick and nack on the glass, seats etc. Also, YOU NEED TO CHECK YOUR FUEL and compare it to the slip. It is very hard to find on the slip, and there is a reason...Because you take it off the lot half full, their system says it is full.. Unfortunately we didnt see where the stupid fuel check is and of course in tiny tiny letters it sayed it was full.. stupid us,smart them!The check out dude doesnt care and just takes the slip.Usually GOOD places check the fuel and nicks and nacks for you, these people dont. Because they want your money!DO NOT BOOK HERE! Rather spend extra $20 on a nice, good car, GOOD rental company, reputation, help and do not get screwed over. While we were waiting for dudeheads to do anything, there were 2 !! other people who were told they had damage to their car... All tourists of course too, too bad we are not tourists.Dont book here, seriously. Save your trouble!
2	WOW! I should have checked on yelp before booking car w/ Fox Rent a Car. YES it's dirt cheap. but the distance and its NO WHERE NEAR the LAS airport.holy cow, i calculated the distance it's about 20 minutes to the Rental Car Check in place, and another 10 minutes to the airport.The guy @ the counter took his sweet time and I just wanted to get the hell outta there.GOOD CAR Tho! 2 stars for that...Go w/ them if you have all the time in the world to wait and ride the free shuttle..  I rather be gambling or partying..
1	Had no problems with this place until I went to pay with cash and was told they wouldnt make change! wait hold up, your a business accepting cash but you cant break a fiver? scam. After I told them to take the 150 cash and put 84 cents on credit ( yes I know but this is how ridiculous the situation was) Suddenly the counter host remembered he could help me out by breaking down my five bucks..unhuh. They still ended up getting .16 cents extra..wankers.Next time I will book a car in the main rental centre or wait and find something closer to my hotel.
2	Went to Las Vegas over the weekend with the family including my 15 months old daughter and nephew and a niece.  Since we will need a car seat, decided to rent a car instead of taking taxis and lugging around a car seat.Found the price of Fox rental to be very good.  The location of the rental was off the airport so we had to take addititonal shuttle from rental center in Airport to the rental place outside of the airport.  It was a little inconvenient but not a big deal.  Although it took some time to complete the rental since we were trying to upgrade the vehicle, the agent at the rental center was very nice and helpful.The problem was the car itself and the attendant at the gate.  The car was not ready and exterior was not very clean.  As I started to drive out to the gate for exit, I noticed that there was a light popping up.  I asked the gate attendant what it was for ... he said I needed to pump air ... Umm, isn't that YOUR JOB?  Furthermore, the attendant went around to check the vehicle to note the prior damages.  Luckily I checked the car first because the attendant did not indicate the damage on the front bumper that was there.  I told the attendant and he said it was just a scratch.  SOOOO .... IT'S STILL PRIOR DAMAGE.  Lucky I pointed that out because when I return the car, the agent asked about the front bumper scratch.  And about the light ... DO YOU REALLY EXPECT ME TO GO AND PUMP THE AIR IN THE TIRE FOR YOU?  Needless to say, I drove around AS IS ... if it gets damaged, oh well!Overall, the price was good and the agent was nice (and hence 2 stars instead of 1) but not worth the hassle and the crappy vehicles they have.
5	I will give it 5 stars because it was a better experience than I expected after reading the reviews.  The price is by far cheaper than anyone else, and I think they are trying to improve their customer service and image, as I did not experience any negative events.
1	DO NOT RENT A CAR THERE. if you want to lose 2 hours of your precious vacation time taking a first shuttle from the LAS Airport to the car rental place and another shuttle from the car rental place to Fox... The second driver fee is OVERpriced, It almost doubled the cost of our 4 day rental. I just checked online and for 12 cents a day more we could have rent a car with another company located next to the airport (after the first shuttle). We mistakenly took the optional prepaid gas tank (I know it's my fault) for the car return. This was highly recommended by the woman at the counter and we drove for 3 days and came back with almost half a tank.They are badly organized.  When we got there we had to wait at least 30 minutes (after the flight and two shuttles).  We were the only customers waiting and they had to prepare the car.  On our return, we were only 2 customers waiting in line and still had to wait for 30 minutes before getting our receipt back and the ok to take the shuttles...I will NEVER do business with FOX Rent-A-Car again, NEVER!
1	Never again.#1 - I am a business traveler, and did not have a huge amount of time to sit waiting in lines for sub-standard service.#2 - Take a bus to the rental car center.  Then take another bus from rental car center to Fox location.  This tidbit of information was definitely not explained when I booked the reservations.  Expect an additional 45 minutes to an hour to take this into account on both ends of the rental.  Once I got onto the Fox bus it should have been a red flag when the driver immediately starts making excuses and apologies for his company.#3 - We show up at the rundown off airport/off rental car center/location. (For Sale Signs all over the property so I'm not sure how long these guys will be around.)  I get into line to get my rental car and the fun really begins.  14 people in line, 2 workers processing rentals.  Turn time per customer approximately 12 minutes.  Apparently their computer system was down.  15 minutes into the line wait and 1 of the 2 workers announces that he is going to take his lunch break.  He proceeds to collect his belongings and leave.  (In my business he could have collected his final check as he walked out the door.)#4 - Car was fine.  Honda Accord in good condition.#5 - Return process was outdated and slow.  Pull-in to leaving the location on the bus 32 minutes.The 22% savings over Hertz was not worth the time and aggravation.
4	I read a goodly share of these reviews, most of which were negative.  I'd like to counter that by saying that I had a good experience and I saved some money.  While it's true you go to the rental car center to catch Fox's mini-bus to their location, it was a matter of minutes and really wasn't that far away.  When I arrived there, I received personable, friendly world class service from Shannon.  I left there happy and had no problems whatsoever.
4	Fox is a good deal in LAS. You have to take the main shuttle anyway to the rental car terminal in Las Vegas for any car rental. From there you get on the fox shuttle that takes you off terminal about a 7 minute ride. If you don't have 7 - 10 minutes to spare then you should not be renting a car in the first place let alone be flying. The Fox experience is no different than  any other rental car experience. Some times you win.... some times you lose....  what a bunch of whiners!!
4	My husband and I had a really good experience here.  We booked the car via Expedia.  When we landed in Vegas, we took the shuttle to the car rental hub.  We looked for Fox and when we didn't see it, we asked where they were located.  We were directed to a Fox shuttle, which took us to the Fox location, about 2 miles from the main car rental hub.  If I had done my research properly, I probably would have seen that it would be two shuttle buses to get there.  Some people might find this annoying, but in the bigger picture of things, my husband and I really didn't care.  The Fox shuttle bus driver was very nice and courteous and we were at the Fox location in a few minutes.   We learned that by not being located at the main car rental hub, Fox doesn't have to pay the airport taxes and fees, which enables the lower priced car rentals.  For us, that's well worth the price of an additional 2 mi shuttle bus ride.The staff working there that night were courteous and professional and we were out the door in no more than 15 minutes with the car we had ordered.  It was a Mustang convertible and it was in great condition.When we dropped the car off on the way out of Vegas, we pulled in and were on the shuttle bus back to the main car rental hub in about 15 mins.  Again, quick, easy, efficient -- and best of all, affordable.Next time we're in Vegas, we'll definitely rent from Fox again.
4	I made a reservation here before I read any Yelp reviews and was seriously ready for a horrible ordeal. Not the case for me. I waited in line for less than 10 minutes. Nobody seemed particularly ornery. The guy who helped me seemed fairly new so he double checked something with a co-worker but that was fine with me. I had a reservation for a compact SUV for a week with a drop-off in LA for 189.95 total. They were out of that class so they upgraded me to a standard SUV, a Dodge Journey at no additional cost. I read the conformation email so I knew I would be temporarily charged $400 dollars and needed to show an ongoing itinerary.       My car had 31k miles and a few nicks which the guy marked as I walked around with him. So overall I had no problems, I simply said I am declining all optional coverage and that was fine, I wasn't pressured into anything. I don't usually review places but since this place had such wretched reviews and my experience was smooth, I thought I'd share my experience. Considering the price was $150-300 cheaper then the other places (probably because it was a one way rental) I didn't mind getting the car a few miles down the road or walking around the car to make sure the nicks were marked. Basically I believe you generally you get what you pay for so if the car is super cheap, maybe it's gonna have more miles on it or maybe they'll try to recoup some of the cost difference by trying to sell you additional coverage. If you want 5 star service, be prepared to pay five star prices, but if you want cheap prices be prepared to give up something in either convenience, product or service or a combination of those.
2	As others have explained, you avoid fees by having to take a 2nd shuttle from the Consolidated Rental Facility.  At the office you have to sign a statement that you did not arrive from the airport via the rental facility's shuttle.  They obviously are skirting the law. The 2nd problem we encountered is the clerks try very hard to sell you all sorts of unnecessary insurance coverage.
1	So my one star could go to 2 or 3 stars if they can get my CC info corrected. Overall I am not sure if the wait, lack of service, and time it takes to and from is worth saving $50 while on business. If I was on vacation with my family and had no place to go or be, then this might be a great place to rent a car. The over tones from other people were not good. The wait at the counter, 1 HOUR (and yes I had already made a pre-paid reservation). The car was fine (smelled like smoke). Drop off was okay, i asked to have my cc changed, and I think that is where the issue lies.
3	We've rented Fox from different location before and had good service.  So we picked Fox again because the rate was cheaper than other car rental companies.  Like other reviewers, we were a bit surprised that we had to take two shuttle buses to get to Fox rental.  It was slightly annoying, but not a big issue.  Our flight got in late, so it was around midnight and only a couple of people ahead of us.  The wait wasn't long and the service was friendly.  The guy was not too pushy with upgrades and options, but since I love my Chevy Camaro and saw they had several to choose from, the upgrade was already sold before he had to push for it.  It was nice though, that he didn't keep trying to sell us insurance.  One "No thanks" was enough.
4	Hey your get what you pay for and more.  For less than $20 a day weekday car rental What do people expect?  You do have to take TWO shuttles to get to this location, but it is only 8 minutes further from the first shuttle.  Driver and all the staff were very very courteous and friendly.  The cars have higher milage, but are well cleaned and decent. I rented a "midsized" car and got the choice of 10 different cars in the designated row of cars.  Ended up with some kind of dodge mini SUV which can haul things and fits 5 with lots of luggage.  Any other rental company would have charged twice to three times the price per day.
4	Not a bad set up at all. The staff is nice and laid back. The car was clean and ran great. No b.s. fees and extending my rental was super easy. I'd use Fox again without a doubt.
4	Haven't read the reviews but already know what people will complain about.  It's not at the big Rental Car center, so you take one shuttle there, then another to the rental car place.  Threw me for a loop the first time I rented here, too.  But after renting here 2 other times as well, i can safely give this place 4 stars.  Each time I rent, I just book the cheapest deal I find on rentalcars.com, usually only $22/day WITH all taxes, then go there and upgrade to a sweet convertible for only $20 more a day.  It's an incredible deal!  There's nothing like cruising down the Strip with the top down at night, believe me.  The people have always been nice to me, even when I changed my mind about which car I wanted and they had to re-do it all.  Even the shuttle driver is a cool guy, and I chat with em everytime I'm out there.Obviously, the only reason I gave it 4 stars is the off site location, but it's also the reason they are cheaper than the competition.  I didn't experience any line issues, or shuttle issues.  But I should mention that I arrive in Vegas at 11pm local time, and depart around the same time, so it's never very busy.  My time also isn't so valuable that I can't deal with an extra 20 minutes coming and going to save big bucks on a convertible compared to what the competition wants for one.From a Vegas veteran who's tried many rental car places there.
5	I have used Fox Rent a Car twice before once in 2009 and again in 2010 from this Vegas location. The first time we arrived late because our plane was late and they were almost out of cars. I reserved a small economy car but since I was late they did not give me any hassles and upgraded me for free giving me a mustang convertible instead (which I was actually a little scared of because I speed sometimes). The second time I arrived on time and they had plenty of cars. Once you check in they tell you to go to your grade and just pick out a car in that line. I was like I get to pick "heck yeah." I choose a Chevy and it was an excellent car. I have never had any problems with them. Yes you have to take two shuttles to get to them but I actually enjoy the shuttle ride. The last time I spoke with the driver the entire time and found out about an awesome guy who told me all about his family. One thing you should know is that they do hold umm.... $150.00 bucks deposit on your card so be ready for that. But so do a lot of hotels on the strip so, to me no big deal just be ready for that. Only thing they should work on is the lobby it looks like the waiting area of a run down bus stop. Get a plant or something FOX!!!!! I am going back to use Fox in June 2011 and will produce an update then on how it goes, but I expect nothing more than awesomeness.
1	DONT go there. As usual for us, in Las Vegas, we are renting a car. What the FOX people don't tell you is that they are not in the rental center, but 5 miles away and that you have an average wait for a car of 3 hours. We quickly jump into the bus back to enterprise.
1	Eeek, think long & hard before reserving a car with them! We were in Vegas and headed to Grand Canyon West for a day and reserved a Jeep. #1 This rental location is NOT super convenient to most parts of the strip, so like we were at Trump and had to take a cab, which was $20 each way, so factor this in with the "cheap rates". #2 Had to wait almost an HOUR to get the cat #3 THEN they told us ALL the Jeeps had expired tags and we would have to take an Explorer (mind you, there were a dozen or so Jeeps on the lot). So the actual car, though not what we wanted, was fine. So we return it as normal and fly home. Then my friend gets a call that it's overdue and was never returned and we are still being charged.... WHAT?! An agent checked us in to return it! They are SO unorganized! If you can find a rental place closer to the strip, save the time, money, & frustration!
3	Yeah, it's not the best rental car company out there.  I typically rent from Avis or Budget so I wasn't used to going to an off-site when I first landed at LAX.  But there was a free shuttle there so it wasn't a problem.  The prices were really inexpensive compared to the other car companies during this time so that's what drove me (haha - get the pun? *crickets* OK, moving on) to try it out.  I reserved a midsized car and on the rental, it stated Hyundai Elantra or similar and I wasn't too familiar with that car but it was just me and my daughter so I was game for it.  When I got the car, I wouldn't categorized it more as an economy car but the trunk space was really big so maybe that's why they bumped it up a grade.  The car itself gave me no problems and I felt that the $50 drop fee when I wanted to return the car to Las Vegas was really reasonable.  But let me just tell you, I am glad that I was dropping the car off in Vegas and not picking one up.  What the other reviewers are saying about having to wait for a car seemed true.  Seems like they couldn't get wash and clean them fast enough to turn around and yes, because the location was off-site and not at the big rental car center, you should allow yourself ample time to return your car if you're flying out.  Thanks to the other reviewers who provided that heads up for me so I knew about it ahead of time.All in all, would I rent from them again?  Maybe, if the price is right.  But definitely take all the pros and cons into consideration before doing so.
2	Like other reviewers have said, this rental is far from McCarran Airport and the Strip itself. The place was a little shack with cars parked on dirt and gravel.The representative I go was very pushy, trying to persuade me to upgrade to a sports car, whether it was out of his own goodwill or benefit I won't know. He told me he would give me a huge discount on the upgrade. He never once asked if I wanted to upgrade or not, he just continued to saying you're going to get an upgrade on and on. He also mentioned taxes, fees, underage fees (I am 24 years old), upgrade fees were going to be placed on top of the fee I already paid through Expedia.com. Over and over he kept saying "you're going to get a huge discount" so it kind of guilted me not to upgrade. Once I got the grand total, I was a bit surprised so I told him to take off the upgrade fee, he just stared at me for about 10seconds, not just a regular stare but a "wtf" stare. He told me that regardless of upgrading or not, he is going to charge me $150 minimum so it's like getting a free upgrade? I don't know what he meant or was talking about. I got confused and so did my girlfriend. Each time we questioned him he just made us MORE confused! He told us even if we got the economy car it would be 150 and if we got the sports car it would be 150 too?? The upgrade was $20/day so wouldn't that make it $90 total? Not sure what he meant when he said $150 minimum. I didn't want to ask him any further because I was getting a big headache and my vacation was slowly turning into a disaster.I just told him fine, I will take the sports car, and thus he gave me a nice big smile. The Mustang I picked had an airbag warning light up and the side mirrors didn't work. But other than that it was a good car. In the future I am not booking with FOX rental anymore because it is over 15 minutes away from the main Rent a Car center, making the grand total time away from the airport to be 25-30minutes, depening on when the shuttle comes and goes. After returning the car, I saw a lot of people waiting to get on to the shuttle, it seemed as if they had waited for over an hour. Note: Even after booking at Expedia, once there you will have to pay Taxes, some wierd fees, underage fees (if under 25), and if you want a GPS unit, it is $10 a day. Overall, 2 stars, stressful, but atleast I got to drive a 2011 Mustang which was a car I was considering. If i drove something else, I'd probably give FOX 1 star.
4	So on my vacation to Las Vegas I once again rented from FOX and am still pleased. I went to pick up at a busy time and the check in lines could have moved faster being that it was 107 degrees. But I got a clean car for a cheap rate. The shuttle ride was more crowded this time being that it was a busy pick up time. The reason for the shuttles is if they have the cars and their business off of the airport they don't have to pay airport fee and there for can give better rates. I got the car type I was promised for the price I was quoted. Once again I am pleased with the Las Vegas Fox and will rent from again. In the end you have to determine if you need or want to save money than these set backs like the shuttle will be no big deal. But if money is not that big deal then perhaps one at the airport is more suitable.
5	Perfect. It was 300 less than any other company (I returned in SFO). The location was out of the way, but well wroth it. Also, car was already a little scratched but that just meant I didn't have to be neurotic while driving around. Make sure to indicate all the scratches in and outside of the car. Also, paid for a camery but managed to get an altima. Really can't complain.  If u want top of the line service this isn't your place. But if u want a good car at a good price then go for it.
1	Are you kidding me? Run from this place, you would be better off without one of their cars.
3	Got off the plane and took the rental car shuttle to the rental car shuttle location.  After hanging around 15 minutes discovered that we had to take another shuttle to get to Fox.  It showed up 5 minutes later.Once we got to the actual place we were told we could upgrade our car to something else for upwards of $39/day MORE.  Hmmm, no.  A little negotiation on our part and we got the 4-dr Jeep Wrangler for $43/day.  Ok, that's perfectly reasonable.I would normally score this a 4-star until I got into the driver's seat.  The carpet was destroyed and sliding all around the floorboard.  I pointed it out to the gatekeeper and his response was, "I told them to fix that months ago before someone wrecks and sues them".  Ok, I'm driving this car.  I hope it doesn't cause a wreck.Overall the experience was positive.  I haven't returned the car yet so we'll see how that experience is later.
2	the 1st time i've rent there, everything was great, we had a beautiful car, the people were friendly...the 2nd time, it was totally different, we had few really not friendly staff, who didn't have the car we rented so they made us pay more for another car, this one had a flat tire, and then when we come back they add an other insurance without telling us, because of the tire... we were suppose to pay $50 for a car and finally it was $250, i'll never go back again !
4	We came here around 1230 ish to pick up our rental car and the rep helping us, Benjamin, I believe was very helpful. He saw that we were going to be driving from las Vegas to sj and upgraded our rental to compact to a midsize. It was Definitley a roomier car. He was so friendly he made the rental process pretty easy! Thanks Benjamin! :)
1	Never rent a car here, their terminal is not located at the rent a car center, meaning you have to take another shuttle here.  After getting off the shuttle, you enter Fox Rent a Car, and then you are greeted with a 30 minute line, just to get your car.  We made reservations online, but still had to wait.  The fact that they are not located at the rent a car center and because of the long line, they are getting 1 star.
2	We only chose this place because it was $50 cheaper than the other places. But it was not cheaper. After a one-hour flight from Sacramento, we waited an hour-and-a-half to pick up our rental car, 45 minutes of which was spent waiting in line. We had to take two shuttles to the off-site rental location. The workers at the counter were spending at least 15 minutes with each person in line. It seemed they did not do much but ask the customers a question then stare at their computer screen. The rental contract said we were picking up the car at 9 p.m., which was wrong. We got there around noon. An extra driver costs $15 or $20 per day unless they are your spouse, with proof of having the same last name and address on their driver's license. Most rental companies don't charge you anything. Then the total was about $60 more than the amount quoted on our reservation.We were sent outside, and they didn't have the "economy" car we reserved; we were told to choose a car among half a dozen where the passenger door didn't open, license plate was falling off, door trim got ripped out, seats were stained. When we returned the vehicle, we encountered more rude workers. One told us to move the car to two different parking places less than 10 feet apart. Then we had to ride two shuttles back to the airport. The car worked great. The air conditioning was cold. The shuttle was free. And they did credit us back $14 for either returning it early or not using all the gas. Not sure which. It cost $215 for four days.
5	Cheap and fast service.  This is my 3 rd time renting with them and love it!
1	This company doesn't even deserve 1 star!! They're absolutely terrible, I can't even believe they're still in business. Our experience with Fox began when we walked in the door to hear a woman yelling at a clerk, telling him she was going to call the cops. My first thought was that she had issues. Very soon after, I realized that my first impression was terribly wrong. First off, they charged my credit card when I made the reservation 8 months ago, which was fine. However, if you're going to charge me, you better make sure you have what I paid for, which they didn't. Instead of telling me they didn't have the van I paid for, they sent me to the lot to look for a car I'd like.  When I returned to tell them that there were no vans in the lot, they simply suggested that I find another vehicle. Excuse me? I paid for a van for a reason! I have 4 men in my group who are over 6 feet and 2 children with carseats, etc. We need a van!  It turns out that 6 other groups were also there trying to pick up the vans that they paid for, and a riot was about to breakout in the lot! Every employee in the office was completely rude, terrible, awful!!! The managers kept walking in and out of offices as if they were doing something important and didn't do a thing about all of the raging customers. This is the absolute WORST company I have ever dealt with!!
1	No mid size suitable car available. Up grade $10 a day.  Many hidden charges.  Waited forever for a car. No manual or instructions.  NEVER AGAIN!!!
1	God damn never again. Got off the rental car shuttle from the airport thinking that I was going to get in my rental and be on my way. Damn I was wrong, no one told me that there was an adventure after an adventure. So I jumped on another shuttle to get to fox rental. Got there and there was 5 people in line and 1 1/2 person working. The guy that helped me didn't know what da hell he was doing and kept asking the other person that didn't know what she was doing for direction. Finally hour and a half later I got to the car loaded it and drove to the gate. Guess what??? No one was there!!!! I had to drive back to get someone to let me out. If you want to go to the circus fox rental car is the place to be.
2	I'd go to fox only because they were pretty dirt cheap. $25/day for our one day rental during spring break. A taxi would cost upwards of $50 so I can't complain too much. The cars, however, were disgusting. I had an experience with fox in LA. all they had were shitty PT cruisers.. so my expectations for the LV airport weren't too high. THe first day, we got a chevy economy car that was actually decent. On out last day, we had several cars to chose from. The first one my husband jumped in didn't start. He jumped in a couple others.. they were all disgustingly dirty. He settled on a kia. It had stains on the passenger seat and back seat. The odor of coffee was stroooong... It could've been worse, I guess. So although I can't rave about this place, I'd use them again since we only needed the car for a couple of hrs to get to my parent's house/car. If we were going to be using the car for a few days, that'd be a different story. Oh, you know that free shuttle that takes you from the Mccarren airport to the car rental center? You need to wait for another shuttle to take you to fox since fox isn't in the car rental center with budget/enterprise/etc.
1	To be completely fair, I rented a car from Fox at SFO a couple of years ago and it was fine.  That, plus the low prices, led me to rent again at LV at the end of March...As others have pointed out, this place requires two shuttles to get to from the terminal.  However, the main rental place even requires the first shuttle.We arrived at 1 p.m. on a Saturday and waited in a 1-hour line (the only positive was that they had AC).  Customer service was slow.  They definitely try to up-sell you intensively on larger cars, insurance, gas, whatever.  I had the feeling that they would nickel-and-dime you at any opportunity.  Once we finally got the car (a Ford Focus) and inspected it, there were no problems.  The car was fine, it made it to Zion & Bryce NPs and back without any issues.    Drop off was surprisingly quick.If I were going back to LV, I would rent from one of the places in the main rental car building and avoid this Fox location.  I doubt I'll rent from Fox again anywhere else after this time, either.
4	This is our third time we have rented from fox.  As mentioned previously, Fox is not in the Consolidated Rental Facility (CRF) so a second shuttle is involved.  One to get the CRF and another to Fox's remote lot which is close to the South Point where we were staying. Rates were by far the best and the check-in went smoothly other than an attempt to sell us the gas option.  I had rented a full size car for 2 weeks and was offered a choice of 6.  I chose a Nissan Altima with only 8.5 miles on the odometer.  There were no license plates, but a sticker affixed to the back window indicated the temporary registration had been issued earlier in the day.  The return process went smoothly and we were soon on our way back to the CRF.
3	Price couldn't be beat. Easy to access. We rented a mustang convertible for a great price in good condition. The customer service desk/rental desk attendant and the drivers of the shuttle buses from the airport were helpful and friendly. The attendant on the lot not so much. We were allowed to load our stuff into a car and start driving off in a car that was not available due to needing to be serviced and were stopped at the gate to leave and told to go "pick another car" no apology. That was a sore spot in an otherwise good experience. A quick apology would have smoothed things over.
1	Rude & slow customer service, dirty cars, not worth saving a few $$$.
2	Be prepared to wait for at least an hour.  I've been waiting for past 56 min and still waiting.  This place is ridiculously slow!  I guess you get what you pay for.
1	Off-site location away from McCarran International, 2 shuttle rides from airport.  Long wait, car was not ready.  They were willing to rent a car with a flat tire, only mid size available, so they couldn't upgrade us, had to wait a half hour for them to fix it. Manager discounted our rental but they were doing that for everyone because everyone there was complaining. When we returned they tried to overcharged us for gas... Buyer Beware, make sure you check your invoice!!!All in all - We will never use again and won't recommend.
1	Never again.  If Yelp had 0 stars or negative stars, I would gladly give that.As mentioned by others, they're not in the McCarran Rent-A-Car Center.  You have to take a shuttle... to a shuttle (what?)So we get there, and there are about 6 people in line in front of us.  The three attendants were VERY slow.  It took us about 25 minutes to get to an attendant.  The one attendant I had was very nice and I was pretty clear that I just wanted the car and go.  No coverage, no gas, nothing.  Just the keys.My reservation was pulled up and my paperwork was processed and we were off to get our car... or so we thought.We then get outside and wait in a LONGER line of people waiting for their car.  I had a reservation for an "intermediate" car.  Not "economy", not "compact", intermediate.  Something halfway decent.The attendant that went through the line and scanned our paperwork swiftly informed us that they had no cars for any of the aforementioned classes ready, but they had some that were being cleaned giving an excuse that people had returned them late.  After the line got even longer, they informed the entire line (of about 10 people now) that they were free to grab a minivan, Ford Explorer, or Jeep and go.  If I wanted a minivan, I would have ordered a minivan, but I didn't.  I don't want a big car that's awful on gas, I wanted the car I reserved.AND THEY WERE RUDE!  Once a car finally became available for the person at the front of the line, they were hurrying them along saying "Come on! Come on!"  No "sorry", no "we'll compensate you for your time", nothing.A HALF HOUR goes by and they still don't have a car in our class, so we're offered a Suzuki SX4, which is as economy as economy gets.  I told the woman, "This isn't the car class we reserved." to which she responded "It's this or nothing right now, because we don't have any cars in that class."  FUMING, we took it just get get out of that God-forsaken hellhole.On top of all that, the paperwork they gave us didn't match the car.  The paperwork was for a car that had 52000 miles and this car had 36000.  More waiting while they fixed that glitch and off we went.  The most awful customer service and experience I've had traveling.  Ever.Now, shoe on the other foot, if we had returned the car a minute late, we most likely would have been charged an extra day and given the proverbial bird.Priceline, Expedia, all of the other search engines -- take this company off your matrix.  You're doing nothing for your business including them.BOTTOM LINE:  Stay away.  It's not worth the $5-15 in savings per day to endure this.  Go with a major company like Hertz, Enterprise, etc.  You'll be glad you did.
2	it's as bad as people say it is.not close to airport.2 shuttles.disorganized employees who don't know what they are doing.waiting over an hour to get a carhardcore upsell nonsense.charging an extra $10/day if you call to extend your reservation.the cheap rates hardly justify this kind of bs.
1	Just a Horrible experience from start to finish you have to take a 15 min ride from airport to the rental centerLine was an hr. there is a 22 dollar up charge for insurance Getting the car is another line; the disorganization is disastrousAnd when i wanted to return 12 hrs ahead of time i was charged an extra 40 dollars Please take my advice, pay more do what you have to DO NOT USE FOX's
1	Don't rent your car here!  They are not located at the same rental center as all of the other car rental places, an additional shuttle is required.  Their cars are dirty, dinged, and come with no gas.  The line is long, service is slow, and the employees don't know how to do their jobs.  They also tried to charge us for a full talk of gas after we brought the car back with 1/4 tank after getting it on empty.  I witnessed a customer asking questions about a gps unit he rented and they were very rude.  Pay a few extra dollars somewhere else to avoid these hassles, not worth saving a few dollars on vacation.
1	BEWARE!I was appalled at the way I was treated - like a rube to be bilked.  Fox should be ashamed of themselves.  I arrived at the p/u area, there was a line of about 20 people in front of me w/5 clerks working - it took an average of 20 min per customer.  It took me 1.5 hrs to get my car.  When I finally get to a clerk, I realized what took so long, "Walter" worked me over, pushing me to upgrade from what I had already booked.  He outright lied to me, saying that although all the information posted there and online, Fox doesn't have Hyundai Elantras, only Nissan Sentras and the Elantras don't have cruise control so I needed to upgrade to an Optima.  He even tried to get me to upgrade to a Minivan - with 3 people!  It did not matter that by then, the line was out the door and one guy left to go back to the airport car rental place because the wait was so long. "Walter" hi-fived the clerked next to him when he completed his upgrade - making us feel so taken.  So I give in so I can get the hell out of the place, go to the lot to choose the car that cost me an additional $100, and there are none left.  Walking back to the counter, I pass a row of Elantras!!! I am so furious!!! I now have to go to customer service and rearrange everything.  Absolutely ridiculous, appalling way to treat customers.  Customer service adjusted the price for me but did not adjust the price of the prepaid gas.  It was finally caught by "Ryan" at the check out booth (after a 20 minute wait to get out).  The people inside did not care at all about the customers, only on the apparent commissions they make on the up sell.  They did not try to work faster or stop trying to sell a more expensive car despite the 50 people waiting in line by the time I left.  An older woman from the back office came out and walked around, but did nothing.  No explanation of why things were taking so long, no apologies or trying to get more people to work the counters.  Worst of all, no telling the clerks that they should just give people the cars the asked for.  Exceptionally appalling and horrible treatment of customers!!!  On top of it all, we were trapped because we are shuttled to an offsite lot, so they knew we were trapped and had to rent from them unless we took the shuttle back to the airport lot and started the process over again.  The discount wasn't worth it and I regret falling for it.  Shame on Fox!
2	Personally, I would never rent from this junky junk car rental place again, but I get why people do.  Like I've said, my time is valuable, so I'm willing to pay what I've got to pay to a point. I do love value though and I will say, price was the driving force for the decision from jump, but you get what you pay for. In the end, it made for comic relief, because you really don't get to see this type of thing anywhere. We got some sort of newish Ford that had 58K miles on it. This babe-magnet has seen a day or two in the Vegas heat. It was a ropey little thing. My man said it was like Barney Rubble was underneath the hood. So funny! The main pain in the arse though, was returning the car. O! M! to the G! Why was it so disorganized? It took like 45 minutes to check out. No distinguishable lines. Who's renting a car? Who's returning a car? Total chaos. To the point you're looking at people who work there who aren't helping customers and saying to yourself "wtf? can you help me?" It was like being at what I assume a welfare office would be like.  It was unreal. The "airport shuttle" was another bag of fun. Finally we get on the shuttle, and the driver randomly drops off two korean ladies in sun hats off at CVS. What? It was like a bad movie! Without missing a beat, we are back rolling again.  We pull up to what looks like some sort of station, to be told to get off, go across the street, find someone with a green vest, who will then tell us which shuttle to get onto for the airport. Are you joking? I couldn't stop laughing. It's cheap because you pay for it in stress. Which eventually turns into laughing, it's so unorganized and crazy.
1	Waited 1 hour in line for a car on Saturday. There were about 12 people in line and 2 people working at the counter. Don't waste your time at this place and rent directly from the airport car rental facility. Renters have to take a shuttle to this facility and then get dropped off at the airport rental car facility to catch another shuttle. The people working here have a very lazy attitude as well. I regret renting from here.
2	I got what I paid for, basically.The car was good, a new Camry with 6000 miles. All the customers in line were really good sports, as if there were this aura of "that's how it is with Fox"...Customers warned others to make sure to note all the damage, say no to this-or-that, and once outside, describing where the non-existent worker was and what the mess of cars in front was for. Everybody laughed when the girl in front was offered the car in the middle of the piled together cars and had no way to get out.So I figure I lost about 45 min at pickup time vs. renting from a major like Avis or Hertz. I've seen plenty of long lines with them at the consolidated facility. I was upsold all the options, but no was very quickly accepted. The price given was the same the online res said, and a total of $200 for fee/deposit was held on the credit card. Most of the wasted time was because the line to exit was horrid. About 25 cars trying to zip together into the one booth open.Anyone using a debit card for travels should really learn about holds and why true credit cards give so much better legal protection.Returning was very quick, and I was directed to the booth to check out, not inside. The shuttle had us at the consolidated facility about 20 min after checking out.Not for those in a hurry.
1	WAIT TIME IS TERRIBLE!!  $30 savings per the length of my trip to have to wait for the shuttle and then to wait in 3 separate lines is not worth it.1st, you have to take two shuttles to get to Fox Rent A Car.  First shuttle from Airport to Main Rental Car complex, then a separate shuffle service provided by FOX that takes you to their rent a car complex.  Their shuffle doesn't run very frequently and thus you may have to wait on arrival and during departure process.  2nd, when you arrive at their complex you have to wait in line at the front desk to do the typical paperwork and to pay for the car.  The workers work like they work at the DMV, very slow and frustrating.  There where about 10 customers in line, and there was 2 workers casually chatting on the side.  3rd, after you wait in line at the front desk to get your paper work straightened out, you have to wait in another line for another worker to pull up your car which may take 15-45 minutes depending on how many people are in front of you like at a valet stand.  During our visit, they only had one worker pulling up cars so the process took forever.  4th, when you get in your car, you have to pull to the exit gate where you have to wait in a 3rd line to have the exit attendant check you out.  Don't risk ruining your Las Vegas trip by booking with this company.
1	I will not be renting from Fox Rent A Car again. The car I received had the temporary license (it was a new vehicle with less than 200 miles on it) taped to the middle of the rear windshield. This resulted in me being pulled over by the police on the freeway because the location of the temporary license was incorrect (it should be on the front windshield). It was a horrible experience and a big waste of time. When I informed the manager to make sure that this would not happen again to other customers, he gave the impression that he did not care. The rest of the staff does not seem too interested on friendly either and it takes forever for them to get through with their customers. I suppose you get what you pay for. The location itself is a pain as well. The rest of the rental car services are located at the McCarran Rental Car Center, which is a 5 minute shuttle ride from the airport. Fox Rent A Car is not. Once you get to the McCarran Rental Car Center, you have to take yet another shuttle to Fox. Save yourself some time and trouble and spend a little more to use a real rental car service instead of Fox.
1	The rental is hard to get to, took two shuttle buses just to wait at a huge line to get your car. You even have to wait in the same line when you return the Car! Don't use this service!
1	How cheap are you?  If you want a really cheap rate, book at Fox Car Rental in Las Vegas.  Be prepared to WAIT at least ONE HOUR in line (employees seem to get a perverse pleasure about announcing they are "going on break" or "going to lunch" in the face of a maddening crowd.  THEN, after you are done with your paperwork, head outside where more often than not, you have to hunt down an employee to locate your car, course, there are no cars ready to go so you'll have to WAIT again.Cheap, yes.  Customer friendly, NO.  And you'll wait.  And wait.  And wait.  And...
2	The only reason this place gets a 2nd star is because its cheap, otherwise, this place is an unorganized mess.  Firstly, you need to take 2 shuttles to get here.  Ok, fine.  Its cheap.  Once I got there, there was a 1 hour long line to get the paperwork to pickup the rental car.  Once we got through that, the line to wait actually get the rental car was another 30 minutes.  Most cars had dings on them, and the line to leave the property (literally, a dirt lot), was another 20 min.  Frustrating experience.  One I will never go through again.  Its not worth saving the $20/ day.  But thats for you to judge.
2	Fox Rent A Car in many aspects that matter, is awful.  That transfer you make to another shuttle after riding your original shuttle to the airport car rental center is ridiculous.  I was told it was to avoid some sort of tax, but I think the difference between Fox and most other rental car companies was only a few dollars.  I would have gladly spent it if I had known.  I highly advise anyone reading this to make the additional investment.After the long, tedious, staggering line, when you finally make it to the person at the counter, they are so nice and helpful that it reminds you of the way customers SHOULD be treated.  I dealt with a few different people here for various reasons and they were all so helpful and accommodating once I finally got to them after waiting in line.Great customer service, awful waiting time and airport shuttle transfer (way too time consuming).Would I book with them again? No.  Do they have awesome customer service when you are finally able to deal with them?  Yes.  Fox Rent A Car just has too much working against it.
1	This place is awful wish i had read the reviews before renting from them. NEVER AGAIN. Yes two shuttles to get u there wait an hour just to do contract another 30 min to get car. The car had a lot of dings and scratches on it and inside grungy looking. They charged more then the online reservation by adding vechicle fee.  Could have got it just as cheap through other sites would have if i'd known what a joke this place is.
1	Saving a few $ a day isn't worth the aggravation. Customer service is horrible and their rental/return process is too slow. I got the impression that I was interrupting their social time when I needed some help. One guy told me I didn't have a reservation because I missed my 'pick-up' time by a few hours, even though I paid for the week in advance. The manager stepped in and gave me a car. There's your 1 star. Told them my key fob didn't work and they told me to use the key, which was fine with me, except you couldn't manually lock the trunk. Anyone could walk up to the car, press the button, and the trunk would pop open. The shuttle to the airport was sitting there but the driver was not. I had to go into the office twice and ask them to page the driver. And like most other reviews, you do have to take two different shuttles to get from/to the airport. Overall it was a very bad experience. If it meant saving more than $200 a week I might go back. Maybe. Other than that, I would not rent from them again.
2	You get what you pay for... and what you pay for here is a long shuttle ride to the off-site lot, an hour long wait in line just so you can... wait some more outside because your car's not ready.  Then when you return your vehicle you can... wait some more for the long shuttle ride back to the airport.  Not worth the savings in my opinion.  On the plus side, the car was fine, the price was low, and the counter service was very nice.
1	Not impressed at all. I had to keep my car another week because my father passed away. I called to extend and told them why I had to extend. No note was made and I paid over 500 for 12 days. Should have been 400. You will take TWO busses from the Vegas airport to get the car...not worth it . Driver from fox was very slow. Too frekin slow.
4	If you're willing to put up with about an extra hour of hassle to pick up your car from the airport to save about $100-$150 on your car rental, it's worth it.  I got a deal for about $17 a day for 3 days.  After reading about other Yelpers experience, I thought I'd go ahead and do it as the next closest was $50 per day.  Other than the distance from the airport and having to wait for a separate shuttle to Fox Rental, I didn't have any problem. The only thing you have to know is that you go to the car rental mall as you regularly would from the airport, but then you have to wait for a separate shuttle which comes every 15 min or so I believe to take you to the Fox Rentals.  It's about a 20 min shuttle ride, then another 20-30 min to get your car depending how busy it is.  For me, it was no big deal and I was on my way. Dropping off it's not that bad either, I missed the first shuttle which pulled off just as I dropped my car but another one came within 10 min. If you have family or friends with you, you may want to rethink this but I don't think it's that big of a deal.
1	Complete crap!! Will never rent from Fox again. The car was so dinged up that even the employees said it really should be pulled from service. The car had a hard time on the freeway - complete clunker! Had to ride two shuttle buses, first to car rental center then next to Fox, not worth the minor savings for the extra ride and clunker.
1	The processing at Fox Rent A Car is abysmal. We normally use Hertz and their prices aren't usually too high but, compared to Fox, the prices were much higher. Fox, on the other hand, had really low prices. Now I know why. Despite some of the "waiting" reviews we thought we would be able to get through it without too much problem. Let me take you through our experience. We arrived in Vegas at 4pm on a Wednesday. We picked up our luggage and headed to the car shuttles. The shuttles take you to an off-site car rental center. It takes 5-10 minutes, maybe longer depending on the shuttle wait. When you get to the off-site car rental center, Fox isn't one of the vendors at that center. You need to get on another shuttle and go to the Fox car rental center which takes 10-15 minutes, maybe longer depending on the shuttle wait. Not only is it 10-15 minutes, but it's also way down at the south end of the strip, where there isn't any strip. FAILOnce we arrived we went inside and it was pretty empty, as would be expected for a Wednesday afternoon. Luckily, there was a desk rep ready for me when I walked in. I walked right up. Nadia was very nice. None of this review has to do with the people and their customer service. It has to do with the process. Had there been a line of 10 people waiting, this entire experience would have been at least another 30 minutes. We lucked out. PASS I gave Nadia my reservation information, driver license and debit/credit card. After about 5 minutes of questions regarding various things, and chit chat, she asked if we were returning the car to California, our home, or returning here. I said "here". She then asked how we got to Vegas and then asked for our itinerary. I only had our boarding passes TO Vegas, not the entire itinerary. They required the entire flight itinerary. She showed our boarding passes to the manager and he came over and said they needed the entire itinerary. By this time, we're 10 minutes into the desk experience. I then had to use my wife's phone, look up the itinerary, E-MAIL it to Fox, they had to pull it up, print it out and then I was ok'd. That whole fiasco was another 15 minutes. FAILSide note....while I was frantically looking for my itinerary on my wife's phone, the manager was grilling me with questions like, "Will you be siteseeing? Do you want a convertible? Will you be going to the Dam or Grand Canyon? This was all very annoying while trying to do what they asked. FAILBut, we're still not done. Nadia said that they had to charge me an extra $100 because I was using a debit card, but that will get refunded after the fees were paid. Basically, it's a deposit. I actually had one of those combo debit/credit cards that goes either way. Because I was already 40 minutes into the car rental process I didn't protest too much. But when I got in the car with my wife I thought about it a little more, they could have used the card as a credit card but they didn't BECAUSE they don't want to pay the credit card processing fee. That's where they save some money. But I'm jumping ahead. Before Nadia let me go she tried to get me to take their $40+ per day insurance. I said "no". Then she tried the $14 per day insurance. I said "no". I've got iron-clad insurance and never need anything so the answer is always "no". I signed a couple of things and was out the door. FAILOnce outside, we went to the blue booth where a nice gentleman said we could choose any car in a particular section. Now, what I was expecting was a Dodge Charger or similar. That's what the reservation said. I'm sure, besides price, many of you look for a car that you haven't driven before and have the same giddy expectation. I was excited to drive something different than usual. Sadly, that was not to be. The assortment of cars from which we had our choice was: Chrysler 300 (3 colors), we've done that car.....Ford Taurus (4 colors), we've done that car.....Hyundai Elantra (1 color), don't want to do that car.....Nissan Sentra (3 colors), no comment. None of those appear to be ANYTHING like a Dodge Charger. We ended up with a Taurus. FAILBy the time we left Fox Rent A Car it was 5:30pm, which means the entire rental experience was 1 hour. FAIL.Would we ever go to Fox again? Absolutely not. We'll go back to Hertz as we've done for years. We pay more, but, the entire process of getting a car is basically, get off the shuttle, walk to the car and drive away. We don't have to put up with the nonsense as with Fox.
4	When I went to get my rental reservation, there was a problem. The car I reserved online with a debit card is no longer approved for with a debit card, only with a credit card. The service rep apologized to me because it was a miscommunication on their part so they gave me a discount on a premium rental for 11days.
1	If you want to win in Vegas, stay far away from this place!2 shuttles to get from the airport to their lot.  Even though they had 7 attendants working the counter the line had about 25 people in it before I arrived.  After a 25-30 minute wait in line I give my CC and license to the attendant who starts to process me but then gets a text and tells me to wait while he responds to his text, to top it off he gets a second one and leaves the counter to answer this one!I finally get my paperwork and am told to go outside and find someone in a blue shirt who will show me the cars.  One lady looks at my paperwork as well as that of an older couple and walks away.  The second employee tries and eventually does help the elderly couple, then proceeds to meet a co-worker and they both wander off.  At this point it's going on 45 minutes and I'm fed up, I go inside to see a manager.  After 10 minutes a manger comes out and I tell him to cancel my rental.  He says he will get me a car and I told him "No thanks".  10 more minutes for him to cancel my rental and give me my new paperwork.I took the shuttle back to the car rental facility and reserved a car on my phone en route, 15 minutes after arriving at Alamo's area I was driving out with my car at a comparable price.
1	Fox Rent A Car is located near but not at the airport in Las Vegas.Processing our reservation and getting our vehicle was painful. The Fox staff processing our reservation was disinterested and rude. He was slow to process the paperwork and was too persistent in attempt to sell the additional insurance and emergency road service.Upon returning the car we noticed that  the total CC charge was more than the contract price. The manager was kind and looked into it. He discovered the additional charge was from HotWire. It was nice of him to check, however, I was surprised it took him so long to realize the cause of the difference.The vehicle, a Jeep, was good and served our purposes.Fox has a different fuel policy which makes it beneficial to bring the car back as close to empty as possible. This was a little annoying and required close monitoring of  the fuel level as we were rushing to return the car before taking the shuttle to the airport.
1	Awful.Way way wayyy understaffed. Be prepared to wait over an hour to be helped.
1	I wish I can put no stars!!!! STAY AWAY FROM THESE PEOPLE!!!! First they are off the airport. Second No air condition in the shuttle. Third No respect. Forth and the most important They pushed you to get their insurance which you already have through your credit card and if you don't accept it, they will find no existing damages to get money from you. Upon returning of the car the woman who inspected the car told me I have a bumper damage, I looked very careful and even took picture and there was no damage as they stated. They wrote it on their report and there is no way to make them deleted it. I wanted the manager to check on the car and show me where the damage is. He said that's not my job and he said I don't know what's going to happen later. Is it an answer from a Manager?  Please people , if you want to save yourself the hassle of dealing with people who don't have any moral fiber, don't get a car from them. They destroyed my vacation upon arrival and leaving. DON'T GO THERE even if it looks cheaper , in the end you will be totally harassed.
1	Stay away from this rental company, in fact run. It took me an extra hour and a half to get the car because as previous posters have stated it is not located near the las vegas airport. you have to take two shuttles to get to it, which with waiting and traveling time amounts to an extra hour of unnecessary hassle. Additionally the man at the counter would not let me leave without first trying to convince me that I NEED to buy everything they sell. I kept refusing yet he kept trying to convince me buying their expensive prepaid gas and $50 insurance was worth it. Their customer service sucks. If I say no just leave me alone. But what really pissed me off was what happened after I dropped the car off. FOX rent a car overcharged my credit card by $100 because they claimed that I returned the car a day late. When I actually returned the car 30 min early. If I hadn't had proof of a plane ticket out of las vegas that same time I could tell, they would've refused to give me a refund. If you read previous posters it seems other people have had this problem as well. I don't know if their employees take the rental cars for a joy ride after you drop it off and then try to pretend like you brought it back late but either way its unprofessional. I wonder how many people get ripped off because they don't check their credit card statements. After receiving proof that I was on a flight out of there and could not have possible returned it a day late, they still tried to overcharge me $20 because they said that the insurance was not included in the original bill they gave me. This was not true because I kept the original bill with the amount I was supposed to be charged which did include the $20. In the end, although it seems like FOX will be cheaper than other rental companies they are not. Because having to fight with them for a refund of the money that you are entitled to is not worth saving a few bucks. This company seems like a scam. They try to steal your money and I hope they go out of business. I had a great vacation in Vegas but having to deal with the credit card nightmare completely soured by trip, by making the first week after vacation a frustrating affair. BTW you will be on hold for an hour each time you try to call their customer service, and my call was dropped a few times after waiting for 20 minutes on hold. I wasted HOURS trying to get my $100 back. If I could do it again I would rather spend $20 extra on a rental car at the McCarran Rental Car center or from one of the hotels, but deal with good customer service and be charged the proper amount.
1	I finally got refunded the deposit after I reported them to the credit card company. If you don't look for the money they will never refund it. I didn't even bother to call Fox rental since I know their "wonderful customer service". Once again save yourself negative emotions when you don't rent from them.
1	Bad NEWS! They bait and Switch the pricing!!As I was returning my car and disputing a 250.00 up charge on an upgrade that I did not authorize or was aware of, a Mazda 3 to a Fusion, upgrade? HAHA, they were argumentive and very rude.Multiple people trying to return in the line had the same issues!!!On top of that the car was past service and the tires were shot to the point they were humming and way out of alignement!Good luck getting a hold a them!Its all a cruel hoax on pricing and service!They SUCK!I am going back to Avis and Enterprise!This was rented from the Seattle facility!The facility manager is RUDE!!!!!And Argumentive!!
1	Run as fast as you can from this business.  There is a reason for the low rating.  Consider yourself lucky if you check the reviews and end up avoiding this place.  This place is stuck in the 90's with their computer system, which they had to reboot while we were there because "OUR" account was stuck.  It took 90 minutes to return a car.  Lots of hand written paper work and procedures not correctly followed means a giant headache.  No amount of money that you save is worth the potential for agony!
1	Terrible Company, irrational charges and fees.
4	We rent from this specific car rental spot every time we're in Vegas. They offer some of the best pricing and insurance on their cars.When you land at the airport you have to take the shuttle to the main car rental location, and then from that main car rental location you have to take another shuttle to get here to Fox Rent A Car. Yes, sounds like a pain in the ass...but the price you get here and the customer service is so worth it.Another minor thing that I honestly don't like is the wait when you're there to get your car. The process of finding your reservation and getting all your signatures down and whatnot is kind of a pain since its like a 10 minute process. So if you're an impatient person like me, you're not gonna have a pleasant time standing in that line as they service each and every guest. But once you're all signed in and ready to go grab your car, its a smooth ride from there...literally. :PReturning your car is definitely a much easier process. You just pull right up. Empty out the car and you go and grab your receipt from the booth near the front entrance. Then you're back on that shuttle to get back to the main car rental shuttle to head to the airport. Whew!
1	You have to take another shuttle from the Mccarran Rental Car Center, minus one star. They have  the new Fiats on site but will only rent them to you if your considering buying it, minus another star. They advise you to take the insurance because they say Nevada is a no fault state. Which means and I quote "you rent the car until the repairs are Done", minus another star. And last but not least, two days later you see a $200.00 charge on your credit card that should only be $50.00 minus another star. So my original quote of $30.00 was not worth all this hassle! So that leaves this review with one star and they are lucky to get that!
1	By the time we finally got to this inconvenient location, it took at least an hour to get out of there. They fail to notify you that you need a printed copy of your flight itinerary (like it matters, it's not connected to the airport...) so I had to mess around with trying to email it from my phone...which was dead because I traveled all day. Then they make you buy the $20 a day insurance in case the vehicle breaks down, if not you have to fix the vehicle. THEN, we had to sit and wait while they clean and vacuum the car... An extra 30 minutes. I should've walked right out when I noticed all the other customers were ticked off. Very unprofessional, prices are the same as other budget rental places. Save yourself the headache of doing business here.
1	Do not rent a Jeep Wrangler from this location.  We brought ours back with the top down, and they rude lot attendant told me if I didn't put it up I would be charged $75.  I didn't have time to put it up, and it wasn't my job anyway -- I AM THE CUSTOMER!Well, those jerks did charge my credit card.  However, I reported them for fraud and got my money back.  Suck it Fox!Plus I agree with what everyone else said about this place.  It is an ordeal getting back to the airport!
1	Really  0 stars but not an option..RUN FROM THIS PLACE!  a bunch of LIARS and CHEATS! I did not have to wait like others who posted before me. I made the reservation on line and so the counter person told me the price of $59.99 for the 3 days which I agreed to but when she wanted me to sign, the rental agreement was for $137.00. What? Why is it that price. Well, I saw you pointing to the insurance and saying you wanted that. NO, I didn't point to anything! But the woman at the ticket counter would NOT accept " NO"..for the additional insurance..I said it three times and she kept being persistant. I said, let me ask my mother. After she gave the spiel to my mother, my Mom asks, "Bottom line how much is it more a day?" She said $11.00. My Mom says OK..that is what we agreed to. I signed, then went to get a car and head out of there..That night, at the end of the day, I looked at the charge breakdown.  I am being charged $21 a day not the $11 the agent quoted us.. We went back the next day to complain and got the same run around. She said the $11 was for RW insurance which ever the heck that is..she never explained any insurance except insurance that makes it so we aren't liable for anything. Liar! Liar pants on fire!When returning the car, they said they found a broken windshield. WHAT? I had no incidents the whole time I was there. I asked them show me!! There was a knick in it which I didn't see the whole time I was driving. They were saying I had an accident. Based on my previous experience..that guy could have made it and or it was there before. I said, it was there prior to me taking ownership. They asked me,Well how come you didn't document it? Huh? I was told to pick out a car, that was it. Didn't anybody tell you to inspect the car and document if there was any trouble before you left? NO! Other wise I would as the car was stained in the back and I would have documented that. I really feel like they were trying to SCAM me. I called my CC company and have disputed the charge. have also made a complaint with BBB. They are NOT accredited..and have a score of C-I googled this company after my return and saw some of the same experiences.http://www.fodors.com/community/united-states/is-fox-rent-a-car-any-good.cfmBEWARE!! Go to a more reputable company.
1	I made a reservation for a full-size car for 6 days. My husband is tall (6'8") so I knew we wouldn't be comfortable in a mid-size or smaller. I was happy to pay for the full-size and was happy with my quote of $166.70.When we arrived at the Las Vegas location at 9pm on a Wednesday night (in the middle of what our cab driver called "the dead season"), we were told there were NO full-size cars available. NONE!? None. The rental agent offered us a "discount" on an upgrade. We had budgeted our mileage into our trip (a 1,250-mile roadtrip to four national parks), so changing from our anticipated full-size car to an SUV, van or luxury sedan was going to be a big cost already. Our rental agent told us the Chrysler 300 got 31 mph (highway). Since we had few options, we went with that one. And paid $276 for the six days ($110 more than expected). The car's mileage was NOT 31 mph and was closer to 24 mph. I feel very manipulated and deceived. I know bait-and-switch is common for those renting sub-compact cars, but I thought we'd be safe renting a full-size. I know other cars were available (the lot was FULL of cars, but we were told they were either not technically 'full-size' or weren't 'ready to be rented') and feel like they basically reached into my pocket and stole a hundred dollar bill. The location is a huge pain-in-the-@ss, too. Two shuttles or a $30 taxi. Wish I'd saved myself the hassle and gone with a more convenient, more reputable company. Avoid, avoid, avoid.
1	NEVER AGAINNot worth the price difference . Poorly maintained vehicles, and lots of wasted time. You need to take 2 shuttles to get to the rental site. Customer service falls flat. Avoid this place like your aunts' sloppy kisses.
2	I was apprehensive about having to take two different shuttles to get to the rental agency from the airport, but I didn't have to wait for either shuttle and it was a quick ride.  However, once I got to the rental agency I waited in line for nearly 45 minutes, and when I finally did get to the agent she aggressively tried to get me to upgrade to a bigger car and it took almost 10 minutes before she finally took no for an answer.  At one point she leaned over to my husband and suggested that being pregnant, I might NOT FIT in the economy car, which I found pretty shockingly rude.  Once I finally had the car, it was fine and in good condition, and the return process was quick and painless.  However, 5 days later I'm still waiting for them to refund the $100 "deposit" to my credit card.
4	Yes it takes an extra shuttle to get there but both ways they were right there ready and waiting to go. The price was very good and the service is decent. Had an issue with the first car and they switched us to a nicer car. It was a slightly older model than other rental companies may have but we had no issues with it. I would be willing to use them again if I need and the price is as good again.
1	Beware. Tried to place us and three other couples in a car with no tire tred.
1	Pain in the butt. Slow service and rude employees. We did get a free day after complaining loudly or so we thought. The receipt still show the charge. We turn the car in today. After what we went through we deserve a discount. Go somewhere else!
2	WARNING: I tendered a credit card, and then another, and then another, and their software reads them all as DEBIT CARDS!!! This means they'll try to reserve enormous amounts of your credit card limit, should you choose to let them do this to you. I'm told by the manager of the site, that this has been happening for three months (today's Jan 7th) and what they're doing is dubious AT BEST. I finally found a credit card that lacks a debit stripe on it, and it worked. The credit card is also your last mile of insurance for something that happens to the car, so make sure your insurance is in order (and I'm guessing that this is the rationale behind their software faux pas). I've been coming, otherwise, to this location since it opened because the cars are good, and the staff is friendly (if overworked). I liked these guys; haven't used them in about a year. Shame that they pull this kind of trick. My personal advice: find someone else if you're not sure you have a credit-only card. I like these guys otherwise, but they admit to a major soap opera if your credit card has the debit card magstripe. Hopefully, they change it soon.
1	I travel to Las Vegas 2-3 times a year and have used every rental company there.One word summarizes my thoughts about Fox Rent A Car: DON'T.Don't let the price fool you.  The time you wait to get to the location, (10 minutes away from the central car rental terminal,) the time you wait in line, AND then the time you wait to get your car is not worth the $5 you might save.  After my experience with Fox, just spend a few extra $$ at Payless, Advantage or E-Z.  (I've rented from all of these in Las Vegas.) Payless is now my #1!
1	As a seasoned traveler I can say with absolute certainty that this place is a dump and not worth the cheaper rates.After arriving at the airport and having to take two shuttle buses to the lot, we were processed by an employee who made it clear to me how much he wasn't enjoying working on New Years Eve. Fair enough, I understand you're not happy working on NYE but please don't take it out on the customer.When we took our paper work to the attendant outside, he told us that there were no more economy cars but that they will do us a "favor" and give us a minivan that we would have to bring back the next day in exchange for our original reservation. After I explained over and over again that we were not going to he in Vegas tomorrow and would take any car available (pointing to a parking lot full of cars) we were told that if we were willing to pay more we could be upgraded to a premium car.After explaining to the manager, Curtis Lewis that this is basically extortion and not good business practices he said that we were being unreasonable and walked away. Then he threatened to cancel our reservation entirely if we were not willing to agree to his terms!At that point I was done. I took the shuttle bus back to the car rental center, explained my situation to Thrifty who then matched my original rental rate with Fox.I will submit a complaint to the BBB.  The people who work here a clowns, I would avoid them at all costs.
1	Horrible service. Staff being very pushy to make us upgrade and buy insurance. Gave us bad attitude when we refused to get anything extra. Charged us $150 deposit without explaining anything and sent us off by saying "good luck." Too bad Yelp won't let me give negative star rating.
1	Avoid, avoid, avoid!!!!!  Two shuttle trips from the airport to the rental place, one-hour wait coming AND going...I hate this place!!!
1	Fox Rent-a-Car responded to my review and gave me a $76 refund. Thanks, Fox Rent-a-Car, but you still suck.
3	they had cars available so that's good.after our flight had mechanical problems then was cancelled, during March Madness and spring break, we decided to rent a car. found FOX online. they had the least expensive cars with the cheapest drop off charge. SOLD.now, realize that in Vegas, the car rental locations are accessible from the airport, only via shuttle. BUT, lo and behold, the FOX location is only accessible from another shuttle from that shuttle! hahaha... what a way to top our return home. luckily, we didn't have to wait long. the location is just around the South Point area. out in BFE. maybe that's why they had cars available.the dude that helped us out was cool. friendly but too chatty. offered too many options. all we needed was 4 wheels and to get home asap. then the car we got had apparently too many miles on it. we found out at the exit. so the agent had to make the other cars back up so we can turn around. it took a little longer than i wanted to get on the road, but, whatever. as long as we were moving. $170 one way rental to LAX with drop off fee and prepaid gas. not bad. not how we wanted to end March Madness, but, shit happens. thanks Delta. :(
2	Two stars... one simply because they had cars available and one because they were cheap.  And, if you ask me, the second one should NOT be your motivation for renting a car from here.  I really think service in this place is god-awful.  Came here with a friend who was visiting and needed to rent a car to drive to Phoenix.  Got here around 11:30 after striking out at McCarran's rental car center.  The salesperson helped us immediately but took FOREVER to find out how much the drop off fee would be.  My husband had a quote from Orbitz up on his phone - the drop fee was $160 and the total quote was for $262.  He came back to the desk and told us the best price out the door was $343.  OK, so I understand they have special rates that are only offered on these websites and they may not be able to extend them in-store, but once my husband showed him the Orbitz quote he quickly typed something into his computer and stated, "I can get you down to $271."  Really?  Your best price was $343 and now it's $271?  My friend was so tired of searching for cars (barely any of the rental places at the Mccarran Rental car center had any and the ones who did were charging over $400!) that she didn't want to waste time booking it online or haggling over the 9 bucks.    The guy obnoxiously kept pushing protection on my friend, and arguing our reasoning for refusing it, despite us clearly wanting to get out of there.  I know it's part of their job but once is enough.  I'm sorry if we haven't helped you meet your insurance-selling quota.  Get over it. We get outside to get the car.  No one was at the booth but two employees were washing vehicles right out in front.  Nobody acknowledged us and we had to speak up to get an employee's attention.  That employee yelled out to another employee, "Hey, can you help them?" and that employee yelled out into space to another employee who was nowhere to be seen LOL.  What kind of circus is this??  Finally a nice employee came and pointed to a row of cars.  "Choose one from that row," he said.  My friend chose the first car in the row - a fiat.  She'd booked an economy car and it certainly seemed small enough to be one but what the heck do we know about cars?  We drove it up to the security booth for them to inspect it and let us out. The woman at the booth inspected the car and documented the many scratches and dings on the outside of it.  My friend was politely trying to point out to her all of the stains on the leather seats - coffee maybe?  "Did anyone even clean the interior of this car?" I wondered.  The woman then handed my friend the slip to sign and stated, in a somewhat snarky way, "You somehow managed a very large upgrade. I don't know how you did it." My friend tells her that we were told to pick a car out from that row and she chose the first one.  Would she like us to return it and choose another?  She responded, "No, I'm just saying... it's a good upgrade.  So... enjoy it."  Oh yeah.  Great big upgrade.  Shitbox with coffee stains inside lol.  I'm sure Fiats are very nice cars.  But obviously not when you rent them from fox. If price is the ONLY reason you'd rent from here then you'll be pleased.  But you really are getting what you pay for.  I'd sooner take a bus, walk, bike ride, or any other form of transportation than rent a car from Fox.  Just saying.
3	We now have used Fox numerous times and have generally been happy, sacrificing some time for saving money.  On our recent visit to Las Vegas, the weekly for our first week were higher than the daily rate so I booked a 3-day rental followed by a 4-day rental and then a one-week rental.  Total of 3 rentals.  On my first return, I requested the same car and the process went smoothly.  When I brought the car back again, requesting the same car, the lot attendant said I couldn't. I told him I had done it a few days ago and I wanted the same car.  At the desk I told the clerk I had just returned a car and I had a 7-day rental so I wanted the same car.  No problem, but then he went though the same long drawn out process of do I want this type of coverage as if I just came in off the street.  It seemed to take forever before I was on my way again.
4	I honestly can't understand all the bad ratings.  Maybe I have been lucky.  I will say that my experience with fox is as a local and not a tourist.  I have used Fox twice and both experiences were as pleasant as renting a car can be.  My reservation is always kept and my requested car available.  Their agents are friendly and not too pushy.  ( I hate overly salesy rental agents).  Their prices are probably lowest in Vegas because their facilities are away from McCarran.I would always expect a wait in line at a car rental place, especially at certain peak hours.  I was in line this last Sunday at 3pm.  Not prime time but there were about 20 people in line.  It only took about 20 minutes for me to get to the front, much less than I expected.Its never enjoyable renting a car but if you have to Fox isn't half bad.
4	After reading some of the bad reviews I had my doubts about using fox for my one way rental from Los Angeles to Las Vegas.  The only reason that I only gave 4 stars instead of 5 stars is I had some issues at the os Angeles location.  But when I got to Las Vegas and explained my problem the manager modified my contract from a full size van to a smaller one saving me over $200.00.  The Las Vegas office was very proficient with correcting my contract, and when returning the vas everything was very fast and my Visa received a credit.  I highly recommend Fox Las  Vegas to anyone who wants outstanding service and wants to save lots of money over those other rentals.  Way to go Fox!!
2	Nice service people but agents are rude and not upfront with you about the charges. Want use them again
1	Really? I got a car that looked like mine that was in the shop. I can't tell you how many marks, scratches and dents this thing had on it. And I paid for this! First, the lines here are atrocious. Even though I'm a local I'm pretty sure people do not want to get off a plane and wait for 20-30 minutes for a car. I also think the people running this place are really inexperienced or they don't have much customer service experience. Let me start by saying that, yes, the prices here are reasonable. They're a few dollars a day cheaper than most of the other places and sometimes you can get a really great deal, but I'm not sure it's worth it.Got a car and went out to inspect. They only had three cars to choose from and none were what they said I was renting (Malibu - new). I chose the least dented and it still had the license plate practically falling off, dents on every side of this thing and scratches that covered the car. I didn't notice until a friend of mine pointed it out that my front tire was also bald and about to pop. Safety is apparently not a priority.Went all the way back up to Fox after finding that out and asked to not only trade that car in, I am not paying to drive an unsafe car, but also to upgrade to a bigger car as I had friends flying in that day. Spoke with a manager and he said he'd take care of it and gave me a good deal on the car. It was nicer, but same body damage, but at least this one didn't smell inside. I got home and was looking over the contract and they actually charged me to change the car! WTF? I'll be disputing that stat! I won't ever use this place again. It's completely away from the airport and away from the normal rental car place for McCarran and these people have no clue what they're doing. It's like a freak show renting from here. Avoid.
1	This place deserves NO stars AT ALL!. The girl who helped us out, I think her name is Alba, seems to be very nice and polite at first. After a few failed tries of getting us into upgrading our car and other shenanigans, she no longer is that nice, welcoming, sweet girl. Instead, she rushed us out saying that we are holding up the line, when instead she was the one wasting time into talking us into buying her "only for us deals." NO MEANS NO - Don't force it girl. She then wanted to charge us a $400 deposit instead of a $200 deposit  because we had a debit card instead of a credit card?!!?? (a $200 deposit was mentioned on the website, that's it! nothing else). Gave us a car that we DID NOT reserved. We wasted ALOT of time taking 2 shuttles to the Fox rental (it stated that it is located at the airport online) and also having to stand in line for 2 hours, when we had our car reserved 3 weeks prior to the trip.
1	this place doesn't even deserve one star, WORST Customer service EVER! ya this place was cheap but instead of just charging me the rate I was quoted they took the whole deposit out of my account too. Most places put a deposit on your account until you return the vehicle, then only charge your account the amount that was agreed upon, which the lady even told me at the counter. BS!! Called there Customer Service # was hung up on 3 times???? quoted 7 to 14 for a refund on my deposit really never again...
5	Yes, it's an inconvenient two rides away from the McCarran terminal.Yes, staff seems slower than the National brands you're familiar with.Yes, the selection of cars seem cursory, older, less polished.Save half the cost and deal with it. You're not driving that much anyway and smaller cars fit into the tighter spaces. Friendly staff, convenient and didn't take any more time than accustomed to.
1	If you want to start your vacation off with an hour long wait for your car, this is the place for you. If you like hanging out with other irate customers who realize this place is poorly run, this place is for you. Otherwise do yourself a favor and go by taxi, rent at the airport, or walk.  All of which are better options than this joint.The checkout lines are long only because they spend 10-15 minutes with each customer trying to up-sell them on everything.  The agent next ours was explaining to one person that they should upgrade their car because they were going to drive into the mountains and the car they had picked might overheat - really?  Add on top of that the hard sell on insurance, gas, etc. etc. it is no wonder it takes forever.Once you check out and go to get your actual car, the real comedy begins. Out into the sun in a dusty gravel parking lot you wait in another "line". They say line, but at this point all semblance of crowd control is lost and it begins to feel like "Lord of the Flies" as societal norms begin to break down.  The customers are really not happy at this point, but we all have an hour or more invested and the only way back is on a shuttle to the airport.  Boil a little longer and then meander about looking for a car that fits your description. If it is dirty, no worries, they will take another 15 minutes to clean and wash it.  One poor soul got to his car only to find someone else's junk still in it.  Thankfully we weren't on of the unlucky ones who got all the way to the gate only to be sent back in because some paperwork was messed up.The prices are low only because this place is cheap.
1	Definitely the worst rental car company I've ever dealt with.  The two shuttles to get there wasn't the biggest deal but certainly wasn't as convenient as other rental agencies.  The customer service and explanation of charges and options was disappointing.  I tried to call ahead and negotiate a 1.5 hour late return but was denied, and told I'd be charged and extra late fee (in addition to an extra day rental).  I couldn't even drop the insurance on the extra day of rental charge without coming in to their office to do it.And this truly is my fault, but I pulled into the lot without a full tank of gas.  There is a gas station right across the street from their building.  I asked one of the people cleaning the cars if I could fill up my tank across the street and she said yes, go.  So as I try to get back in line to leave I'm flagged down by the employees and they refused to let me leave.  My entire deposit went toward filling about 60% of a tank on a Fiat 500.My overall opinion is this company has a number of "rules" that are designed with profits in mind and not the customer.  People make mistakes and have to deal with unexpected situations.  A company that makes that unnecessarily costly on the customer and is totally unyielding about it is not one I will do business with again.
4	I have rented a lot of cars in my travels and have never heard of Fox until it was recommended by Lisa G. I think this will be my go to place from now on. I like that it is located away from the airport so all that traffic congestion is avoided. There is a gas station across the street in case you need to top off your tank.I reserved the car online and the transaction time when I arrived was about 20 minutes.The clerk was not pushy at all. What I had not experienced before was that you get to choose the make and model of the car you would like to drive depending on the size that you paid for. Normally, a car is chosen for me by an attendant. After paying, I simply gave my paperwork to the attendant and was shown a row of economy cars to choose from- it was like Christmas in July.  The check out at the exit was about 5 minutes, then I was free to be on my merry way.On my return, I simply pulled up to the return area and an attendant checked the car back in and I was good to go.
3	Need a cheap rental? Fox is definitely the place to go.  However, you get what you pay for.This rental agency advertises as 'on airport'. However, you have to take a shuttle from the airport to the rental cars section and then you have to exit that bus and wait near taxi stop 4 for another pickup to Fox Rentals. Very misleading. Takes about 20 min to get to the rental place. When I arrived I had to listen to the counter guy try and upsell me on EVERYTHING for a good 20 minutes. No I don't need platinum insurance or an upgraded car or collision or gas fill up or... It's very easy to make a reservation online and when I made my reservation I chose exactly what I wanted. No more no less. Pre-paid as well. Big hint I didn't want to listen to his sales pitch. So I head outside after finally escaping from the salesman and every car on the lot was covered in Vegas dirt. Don't they have a car wash?! And it took me checking no less than 5 cars to find one that didn't smell like cigarettes. Sigh. After all of that I have to check out and the line to exit the parking lot is 6 deep and only one check out lady working.  She is also arguing with a guy picking up a mustang. Yet another 20 min of my life gone. Finally it's my turn and the check out lady actually comments about how dirty my car is. She said I should have them wash it. I didn't feel like waiting another 20 minutes so I just let it go. Overall it took about an hour to pick up a car. Cheap rentals 5 stars. Pick up time 1 star.
3	Super fast check in! Away from the rental car center which seems to make it easier and faster to get in and out!
1	They don't even deserve one star! Rented the car in San Diego for 2 weeks to return in Vegas. Car nearly broke down on the freeway, going 40 mph with the pedal floored! Returned it in Vegas 6 days early and was lucky enough to borrow a car from family instead to avoid any future hassle from this company...FOX CHARGED ME FOR THE ENTIRE 2 WEEKS! Still in a dispute with the credit card company a month later. Oh yeah, and Fox is trying to use the security deposit return as credit for the early return. Worst rental place, worst customer service! DON'T RENT FROM THEM!!!!
1	Be warned that their policy to refund your credit card is 5 days. I will never use this company again,
5	Amazing service at a very cheap price. Got to their office in about ten mins after leaving las airport. Their bus was their waiting to take us to the office. All staff were courteous and friendly. We had a ten thirty pick up time but flight got in early so we got there like forty five minutes before our pick up time and we didn't pay anything extra. Best car service. Lines moved fast and staff are customer friendly.
1	If you want long lines, having to ride two buses from the airport, a dirty car, and up-selling ("the air conditioning is better in a midsize car"), this is the place for you.  We waited 1 hour in line at the counter......I felt sorry for those behind me.......looking at 2 hours.Pay the additional money and get a better experience.Sept 3rd.......
5	This was my first experience with Fox Rent A Car.  I was looking for a fun car for a road trip to Cali & was impressed by their inexpensive rates.  I decided on a convertible Mustang and made the reservation.  I picked up at around 9 PM on a Monday - not exactly the peak rental time, but was still pleased to find next to no line upon arriving.  My CSR was named Dan, and I have nothing but the best to say about him - very professional & no pressure to add extras.  I finished my rental & proceeded out to the lot, only to find that the last Mustang convertible had just been taken, and my other option was a Sebring convertible - not exactly what I had in mind... So I went back inside.  Dan was with another customer, but when he saw me come back in, he immediately excused himself and asked me what the issue was.  I explained the situation and, after confirming with his supervisor Dameian, he offered to upgrade me to a convertible Camaro - beautiful!!  There were several to choose from and I selected a beautiful black one.  The rest of the pickup was smooth, the car performed wonderfully in the road trip, and the staff were quick and friendly upon returning it.  A big thanks to Fox, and especially to Dan and Dameian for all of their help!!
1	Hot horrible disorganized and tag an extra 20 min for checking in.Really cheap but next time I'd rather spend a little more to enjoy more free time on my vacation.  Usually I don't mind a bit of wait for a deal, but there's no shade and lots of cranky other customers and no staff.  No idea what's going on to get out, there's a backed up line of cars, add another 20 min to get the car out of the lot."It's like the parking lot after a concert, without the concert" -fellow passenger
1	WORST customer service experience I've ever seen.  No signs saying where to go once you step outside, they just say "GO PICK A CAR" and that's it.  I drove up to ask a question on what to do next, and they FREAKED out and yelled at me for driving near the car port.  FREAKED OUT....literally had me feeling like a bomb went off, when all I did was park under the car port.  Then they shooed me away like I was the biggest inconvenience, and never answered my question on where to get a damage slip, and what to do next.   Workers just sit there on their phones, never look at you when you need help, and talk down to you.Biggest inconvenience, terrible customer service...not worth saving a dollar.PURE ASSHOLES.
5	Mechelle went above and beyond to make sure I was taking care of. I couldn't be any happier with the customer service she provided. I will definitely be back to rent from her again.
3	This is the second time I have rented a car from this company.  It is true that they have the best rates in LV on rental cars, but it is the slow customer service at the rental center that prevents me from giving this place more stores.  Well, that and renting a car that is dinged up or missing parts.  Each time I have rented a car, the lines have been long (at least a dozen people) yet they only seem to have two people at any time to assist customers in getting a car.  I constantly see people walking in and out of the customer service area, looking at computers or talking to the rental staff (and slowing everyone down even more) but they aren't helping customers.  After my last visit, an additional person came out after we had been there for 45 minutes and started to help customers.  It took us about an hour and a half to get out of the center and get to our car.  At first the car was in good shape but after a couple of days we took a trip to the Valley of Fire and went to plug in our phones and found out the port for the phone chargers didn't work.  At the end of the day I went to put gas in the car and found the gas cap was missing.  Oh well...I'm undecided if I will rent again, maybe an early afternoon visit will find the rental center with more people to help customers.
1	Absolutely the worst. They could give me a Rolls Royce for free but I'd never rent from them again. I'd just be echoing the other scathing reviews below if I commented on the two bus trip to their office from the airport, the line that seemed never to move, the staff at the desk moonlighting from The Walking Dead. No, I'll just mention the A**hole who finally "helped" me. For some reason, when I interrupted his aimless blathering about how we were both Geminis (they really need my DOB?) and asked him to focus on the rental process, he took offense and told me to "chill out, man, you're on vacation." Only my wife's calming presence prevented me from reaching over the counter and ripping his lungs out. Do yourself a favor and pay a few bucks more elsewhere. Professionalism is worth it.
1	Dear Fox Rent A Car,I don't care how low your rates are compared to other car rentals - I will never use you again, and here is why:We had rented an SUV from LAX to drive to Vegas.  The LAX folks were really nice.  When we got the car, we did the inspection and found several, very light and faint scratchs on the side bumper.  We pointed this out the attendant, who was like "yeah, those are so tiny, don't worry about them".  Great!The reason why we were doing this drive, is because we had just come back from another trip and were heading my super BFF's wedding and we wanted to use the car to drive around town to run last minute errands.Now, the original plan was to return the car that Monday morning (which is what I had the reservations for), however, a few extra errands came up and I needed the car for 5 more hours.  I called the main number (the 800 number) to ask what were the charges for this, and what did I need to do to extend my reservations.  I was told that it would be $40 more to keep it for 8 hours, provided that I returned the car by 9pm that night.  Awesome.  No problem!We finish with the errands by 5pm, and at 6pm, we pull up into the Fox Rent A Car office...which is in the middle of nowhere (it's no where near the airport...what the hell???).  But it's fine.  As we pull in, the attendant IMMEDIATELY starts pointing out all the tiny scratches that were on the bumper (which were truly light - I tried taking a photo of it, and it didn't even come out in the photos)...AND even pointing out to DIRT STREAKS on the side of the car as "damage".  ARE YOU KIDDING ME???My husband and I travel all the time, all over the world, and we almost always rent a car.  This was the first time - EVER - that we were treated like this.  I'm not saying that they shouldn't point out damage when it's there, but the attendant was rude, accusatory and wouldn't let us say a single word.  Everytime I started to explain what the attendant at LAX told me...she would cut me off and point out to another scratch.  When I used spit to clean up the dirt streak - she started to peer at it and stare at it...as if my salvia is magical camoflauge and she was waiting for the dirt to appear again.  WHAT THE HELL???But wait.  This wasn't the bad part. Finally, after 30 minutes of explaining and arguing, the attendant finally decides "not to charge us" for the damages...but pointed out that our return was late (which I told her when I pulled up, but she clearly didn't want to listen to me).  I was like "yes, and I called the main-number to notify them that it wouuld be late".  She then pointed us to the office - since it was late, we had to check in at the office to pay the late charge.  OK, not a problem.We head to the office, and I hand the cashier my credit card...to get a credit card slip that charged me $265!!!  The rental from Friday - Monday morning was only $150...WHAT was this $265 charge?!?!  Thinking that they must not have noticed that I had already paid the $150 for F - M, I point this out to them...and they tell me that the $265 was because the car was late.WHAT WHAT???I told them that I called the 800 number that morning and that I was told that it was only going to be $40.  The cashier rolled his eyes and said that this was the late charge and he doesn't know anything about $40.  Back and forth and back and forth.  My husband asks for the manager - but when the manager comes out, he doesn't even let us tell him what was happening, he just looked at the screen and said "you have to pay this".  Um, NO.  I don't.We were there for 90 minutes arguing with the manager and the cashier.  Neither of them could explain why it was $265 for the 8 extra hours and not the $40 that their main office told us it would be.  My husband finally started to call the 800 number so that he could get someone from the corporate office on the phone, but the moment the customer service rep heard that we were disputing something...they hung up on us.ARE YOU KIDDING ME????????????Finally, after 90 minutes - where I finally told them that they could TRY to charge my card, but I WILL dispute it and I will happily show up in court to dispute this, the manager very condensendingly told me that he would "waive" the $265 "as a favor".  Um.  FUCK NO.  You are not doing me any favors, don't try to pretend that you are.SHADY SHADY SHADY.  Awful customer service.  Awful awful awful.Oh, and that shuttle bus that will take you back to the airport?  Yeah, by the time we were done with this fiasco (we arrived at 6pm...it was past 8pm when we left the office), the shuttle was only running ONCE AN HOUR and we "just" missed it (we ended up catching a bus a block away).Uh-huh.Assholes.
4	If you are a relaxed traveler who doesn't get stressed out about traveling and have patience, Fox Rent a Car is pretty great. If you are a high stress traveler who has no patience, do not rent a car from here. I'm a pretty laid back traveler who has no problem waiting for the car rental people to do their jobs. Fox rent a car was great to me.The night I flew in, hundreds of kids flew in at the same time for a major little league baseball AND soccer tournament. Lines at all car rental places were long. You have to ride a shuttle from the car rental center in Vegas to Fox Rent a Car. I waited in line for about 15-20 min. After being checked out, my little economy car was waiting for me....and it was a 2014 Toyota Yaris with only 150 miles! Leaving the lot, though did take long. Only 1 lady to do inspections. I waited at least 30 min to leave the lot. The car was awesome! Coming back, I was checked out right away and grabbed he shuttle back to the car rental center where I caught another shuttle to my terminal.I had a great experience. Like I said , I have a lot of patience. I saw a lot of people lose their sh*t by how much they had to wait.
2	There Raye's are low but customer service is poor. The rep tried to tell me the credit card I has was a debit card but it was not. She stated her system knew what it was but I didn't. She then told me after I gave her another card to use which was my debit card this time. That they only hold the price of the car. Which was a lie. After I complained to the manager I was given a free upgrade and told my everything was taken care of. When I came back I got ino a accident at the 711 across the street. They told me oh don't worry the insurance covers it. 3 months later I am getting calls saying I owed for the damage. And manager can't discount off the insurance. Don't use this place if u can avoid them
5	I got this rental last minute and ended up paying $17 for the day. When I returned it they check you out right away and I had forgot to go to the gas station across the street. The woman outside said there was nothing I could do but pay $5.29 a gallon.I went inside and ended up talking to Mike at the cashiers, he was extremely friendly and instead gave me a curiosity charge of $3.24 a gallon so I didn't have to go fill it up. I've been going through a lot so I wasn't thinking clearly, I really appreciated Mikes understanding and willingness to help.Thank you Mike! I would definitely recommend them!
1	I have travel extensively for 20+ years.  Fox at Las Vegas is the worst experience I have ever had.  I would strongly to never, never, never rent from them.  They charged me $100 more than quoted and was ripped off.  You get what you pay for.  Always rent from the big boys.  Every time I call to dispute the bill I get hung up on.
1	Never, ever use this Fox location. You have to take a 2nd shuttle from the main rental center,  the lines are atrocious and the employees don't seem to care. Pay the few extra bucks for something else.
1	Had to be the worst experience ever! Not only did we already have a reservation and have to stand in line with the tons of people who didn't and couldn't decide which car they wanted for what price,  it took 2 hours to get our reserved car! When we got our full sized car, it was a Nissan Maxima. Really?  That's what they considered full size? Wow! They had 3 people behind the counter for 30 ppl in line. Manager never came out to help even when there was an issue. Bottom line-designate a line for pre-paids and reservations. We shouldn't have to wait behind fools! And- pay the extra $ to just straight shuttle from airport or be on location with other rental places. It was such a pain in the behind hopping two shuttles to get our car and to catch the plane! Never Again!!!
4	I needed to fly into LAX and drive to Las Vegas, all the "Big Boys" rates were about $140 to $150 for a one way drive.  There were other discount car rental companies that charged $15-$20 for a one way PLUS a $400 drop charge.  FOX's rate was $15 a day.  I read the reviews and got a little nervous when I saw FOX only had 2 stars--  But then I looked at Hertz and Avis etc and they only averaged 2.5 stars so I figure what the heck--I'll save $90 by giving them a try.I girded my loins in preparation for:1) a long line 2) a dirty car3) an old car4) high pressure sales5) hidden fees.Instead I found nothing but 1) a long line (that I waited in for a total of 12 minutes)2) a clean car3) a 2013 fully loaded Camry with Bluetooth and 16, 000 miles4) courteous staff5) a lower-than-expected final bill.There was a short wait as Able and Vikki figured out the new computer system that had been installed the day I rented my car, but the result was a bill that was actually $8 dollars lower than expected.The people were very nice, the car was nice, I SAVED $350 -$400 dollars on a three day rental.The car return was a shuttle bus away from the Car Rental Center in LAS but still so worth it.I recommend this company.
1	Horrible all the way around. Pay the extra $10-$15 more per day and rent from the major guys.
1	Don't let that cheap price and the VERY FEW decent reviews lure you in. Theirs Customer Service is so bad their staff is embarrassed. Absolute junk high mileage rental cars - mine decided to quit running in the middle of downtown on the Las Vegas strip in the usual 9 PM bumper to bumper traffic. Horrible long lines at pick up - I waited 1 hour and 40 minutes on Sunday, Nov 24. A frustrated and upset employee stated "That was nothing, it was a 3 hour wait earlier". Terribly understaffed, and the staff I dealt with slow and mechanical with no eye contact , just deeply staring into their computer screen - it was kind of expected when EVERY customer is already upset by the time they get to the counter. After completing the paperwork for the rental, I had to go outside and, surprise, wait in another line to pick up the car.  Everyone in line was clearly frustrated with their unorganized process. The Ford Fiesta they gave me had over 55,000 miles, very high mileage for a rental car.  It sputtered immediately upon driving it out of the yard, but I wasn't about to wait in Line again, so I took it anyway.  My mistake, in spite of the fact they should never have let a car in that condition be rented.  The transmissions slipped in and out of each gear with each shift banging you forward and backward in the seat almost comical.  It ran so poorly, you had to keep one foot on the gas with the other on the break to keep it running at stop lights.  Calling the center when you break down is easy. You dial the number they provide upon renting, get an immediate answer from an automated attendant, get put on hold for 5 to 10 minutes, and then it disconnects, and you start all over again.  After dozens of attempts and waiting on hold, and disconnected repeatedly, I gave up, got the vehicle started and returned it to the Fox.  Another clearly negative addition is that they are NOT located in the LAS Rental Car Center.  You have to take the Airport Rental Car Shuttle to the Rental Car Center, then wait 10 to 20 minutes for the Fox Shuttle to pick you up in the middle of the street outside the Taxi Waiting Area and fight the mad rush into the van, as the van is small and not big enough for everyone in line waiting.  The Fox shuttle then takes you on another 10 minute drive to their facility.  I truly hope this is a helpful note to anyone interested.  I will never make this mistake again.  Believe the negative reviews, and not the rare positive ones that their staff likely wrote.
1	What an awful experience. Over an hour wait to get a car. Not in the general rental car pickup area, they shuttle you off premises about 10 minutes. Will never make this mistake again. You've been warned! HORRIBLE.
1	Really really long lines with 5 representatives taking it really easy. Was in line almost 1hr = never again.
1	I would not rent from them. They are thieves. The only reason I'm giving them one star is because they upgraded our car at no addition cost because the class car we rented was not available. We never take the optional insurance. We are covered by other means. We were asked if we wanted the insurance and clearly said, NO. when we returned the car we were charged for insurance. We were extremely exhausted and had been waiting a long time in line for the car. By the time we got all the paperwork we just signed where we were told to without double checking everything. The agent clearly took advantage of our exhaustion and robbed us of $150 for insurance that we refused but he checked yes. Go with another option if it costs you a couple extra dollars.
1	Seriously...awful. Six representatives moving incredibly slow, I was at front of line and still waited at least 20 minutes before being helped. First car I got into had an engine problem. Second car has stained upholstery and an awful cigarette smell. The third car and eventual winner had 52,000 miles on it and later realized a loud braking issue. Neat. Absolutely awful experience. OH! Let's not forget that once you take the rental car shuttle from the airport you will need to take ANOTHER shuttle to/from their site. I'll pay a higher price next time for convenience, service, and quality. Fox never again!
1	Veeeeery slow service in the office. Wasted my time waiting in line. I was relieved to see a short line but dang, an hour later and i was still in line... My precious time wasted. :(
1	pay a few extra bucks and rent somewhere elsei used fox in oakland before and they were ok, but this is a painful placenot worth saving the 3 extra bucks a day
5	This place is a great place to get a good deal on a rental. It's not on the airport site but easy access and shuttles to get there. We went to pick up our car and Vicky was one of the nicest people I've ever dealt with at a car rental company. She was super chipper and happy to help us. She even removed some taxes since we didn't use a shuttle to get there. I recommend Fox to anyone in the area needing a car. And if you get lucky maybe Vicky will be the one who helps you out!
1	i wish you could give zero stars. not only was i treated like a child the first round of calls (after waiting on hold for almost thirty minutes), the second time i finally got through (AFTER BEING HUNG UP ON BY THE FIRST RUDE ASSOCIATE). Customer service rep (IF YOU CAN CALL HER THAT?) Destiny had immediate attitude. She talked over me and then threatened to hang up on me if I talked over her? As she transferred me to someone else she said i was "pissing her off".... WHAT????!!! I work customer service and this is NOT how you treat people who spend money in your business? Destiny exhibited the professionalism of an inner city high schooler. Maybe she was one once and old habits die hard?
4	First of all, don't read all the reviews since it will cause you heart attack for sure.Ratings doesnot matter here since even Hertz got 2.5 in LAS. I read most of the reviews and was expecting a battle like  the movie 300 with them. The reason for choosing Fox rental car was, its way cheaper that other. Being a member in all "high" class rental companies, which were asking $120-$200 as drop off fees from LAS to LAX, Fox gave a quote of just $27!!!!! Yeah..just total of TWENTY SEVEN DOLLARS for 2 days!!!!! :)Pros: Very Cheap, average customer service ( Mine was taken care by a lady (the inside counter) named Terry, she was nice)Cons: Very long lineeeeeeeeeeee.. I mean it.  Waited for more than an hour to reach the counter. Average time taking to deal with per customer is 10-15 minutes.Requested from my Full size car to SUV or Dodge Charger but nicely rejected since it was Thanksgiving weekend and busy.Fox still believes like Nissan Altima is Full size car (According to all other rental companies, Altima is Standard size).The lady who sits in the outside booth (which is different from the above mentioned counter and this one leads you to the car) was so arrogant. (Dont know her name, she was short). She told Altima is full size and no other full-size cars will be coming out soon from the lot. But when I insisted on getting atleast Chevy Mailbu, she told then I have to wait. I said yes and waited. After 15mins, she took her bag and went home. The guy after her (young guys with specs) was nice and he gave a Fully loaded Toyota Camry with just 13K miles within couples of minutes. She could have given me the same but, of course b****s will be always b***sDrop off at LAX was easy.Apart from the second lady's behavior, I'm completely satisfied with Fox
1	Seriously? One staff member to check in clients at 8am? This line is near 10 people deep. I've been waiting for a half hour with only 3 people ahead of myself. For the $$$ I think I'm saving, the wait alone is completely not worth it. I'm here in vacation, not to waste time at the rental car agency.  Horrible. The ONLY saving grace is the gentleman helping me is being very courteous, Curtis.
1	had a few questions to ask so i called the local number to actualy talk to the local rental place after 15 minutes on hold i get the call center totaly useless.they told me they wont let me speak to them directly and to  ask them all questions and i say there website has a local call number for info and shes shes not respobnsible for the webisite and they wont let me speak to the local office directlyof course she cant answer my questions as shes in another state. so fustrated ,customer service at there wurst.i was told to go there and ill find out out.
1	Fox Rent a car sucks. I got to there location around 10:30 and they only had 3 people working and theres a line of customers. I waited 50 minutes till I got employee to take care of me. While people were waiting in line, 2 of the 3 employees went home at 11pm. I believe it was shift change and they didnt care about the line of people waiting.  WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE IVE EVER SEEN.
1	If I could add negative stars I would. They are scam artists and will take advantage of you on everything that they can. We were told to bring the car we rented back completely empty and the gas prices would remain $3.01, but a different lady is telling us that we're going to be charged $5 per gallon instead. Even inside it was posted that it was $3 per gallon to fill up. Something shystie is going on here. If you're going to rent from them make sure you get copies of everything, signatures of everything, and don't lose any of your paperwork because they will screw you over!
1	This rental car business deserve a -00. Customer service (Joey and Edgar) needs to pay attention to details... Or at least put some of their brains to work. Fox rental car clearly overbooked over their inventory of cars available. They were customers waiting in a long line inside the run down building and then sent to wait outside on the chilly weather to wait in another line to receive a car. There were folks who waited over +25 minutes and not told what was going on. We came out there after we have paid and overheard other employees scrambling since there were no cars available. Meanwhile the rental car shuttle continues to drop off new customers. Hello???? What's wrong with that picture? People, use your technology resources and radio in to the airport shuttles to inform them that there's no more cars left to rent. In short, poor customer service. Awful experience... Not a way to start out a vacation.
1	HORRIBLE.  My family had a made a reservation before flying into Vegas; we arrived and had to drive to the Fox rental yard to be told that there weren't any cars available, come back tomorrow.  Don't bother making a reservation because it WON'T be honored.
4	At the last minute in Vegas the week before christmas I decided to get a rental car and found Fox was the cheapest at $12 a day.  Nice price!  I had used them once before in L.A. and found them to be reasonable there, but with a long line.  It could be because the town is pretty slow the week before christmas, but the line was very reasonable (maybe 20 minutes) even though I got there at noon.The only real negative for me was that I had to take a shuttle from the airport to the main rental car place....and then a 2nd shuttle to get to Fox. WTF?  But, it turns out that causes Fox to avoid having to charge you the b.s. airport rental fee that all the other rental car companies there charge. So, not counting gas, it cost me $37 after fees and taxes to rent a car for 3 full days. Nice! I heard from a guy on the shuttle his bill at one of the other companies was more than double that because of the stupid airport fees.The car was in good condition and smoke-free.
2	Not worth the money you save, I wish I read reviews prior, I would say that the guest service was good but the way they run the operation is terrible, everything is a wait and it took me about an hour and half from getting on FIRST shuttle to getting the car.  Definitely not worth the $25 I saved.
1	Upon entering the business, it was incredibly busy but good thing they had at least five people working so the wait was not too long. However, the person who helped us was extremely rude and made absolutely no eye-contact at all. Not only that but she was gossiping with her coworkers in another language about the customers that they were serving right in front of them! (shaking my head and I even knew what they were saying about them, sighs.) In the end, Brad T. and I said "thank you." and all she did was say, "mmmhmm," no "you're welcome" or even a smile out of her.  If the customer service was so sucky, I would have given a different rating since the price was cheap to rent the car and it got us to where we needed to go.
1	Great Prices backed by horribly slow service.  Understaffed, overworked, long lines, what more could you ask for to start off your trip on a bad note?  I talked to the person that helped me get my car and he told me the reason the line was so long (at 1130pm?!?!) was because it was a late night rush.That being said, this probably happens every night here, and when you register online to reserve your car, they specifically ask you when you will be arriving--SO THE MANAGEMENT KNOWS EXACTLY HOW MANY PEOPLE WILL BE ARRIVING AND WHEN!!!Excuses are like asses--everyone has one...and it was painful to see Fox Rent A Car recreate the DMV (long lines, disgruntled customers and workers) in their establishment.The only reason they get one star is because I can't give them any less.  The prices for Fox Rent A Car overall are great and I have used them in other locations without hassle...this place just needs to shape up.
1	My experience was similar to many others that are listed below.  I rented a Jeep because of the pricing, but was upcharged at every turn, and even threatened that I would have to pay nearly $100 if I didn't put the top back up.  The double bus situation sucked where you have to take a bus out of the airport, then transfer to a separate one.  The entire process felt slimy, but I guess that's how they make their money.  At the end of the entire ordeal I ended up paying about the same amount as I would have if I went to a dealer that had a better reputation, so there is no reason for me to continue dealing with Fox.  I've been in and out of Las Vegas several more times since then, and each time had a much better experience at other dealers.
1	Let me just begin by saying I travel frequently and rent cars on a regular basis. With that being said, I will NEVER rent from this company again. Not only does it require a second shuttle bus to get you to their facilities but once I got there, it took over an hour for me to get my car and drive off of their lot. All total I stood (or sat) in three lines. 1 - the initial line where the paperwork was filled out for my existing reservation (the desk was painfully understaffed for this process. Come on people, these were all people who made reservations. The volume should not have been a surprise!!), 2 - the outside line to then be assigned a car and 3 - (and possibly most frustratingly) the line to actually drive the car off of the lot!!!  Every car was inspected by the booth attendant with a full walk around visual inspection before the car could drive off the lot. NO OTHER car rental agency does this. It was PAINFULLY slow.   There were approximately 10 cars lined up during this final phase. I've never seen such an amazingly inefficient rental agency. To add insult to injury, the return process took nearly as long. When I spoke to the employees about it, their responses were along the lines of, "we know. Talk to corporate". This rental agency has LOTS to learn from the other rental companies. In the meantime, they've lost my business for good.
1	First of all, I would not recommend fox to anybody. At Las Vegas we had to wait 1.5 hrs to get the car. Long wait and slow service killed our trip joy. They offered a very basic corolla car and it was Ok. Return to lax was easy and they offerd to return $50 in 5 days. Fox Las Vegas tried to up sell someCrap 20/day loss waiver. Most credit card companies cover that. So no need for that cover. The rate was low but I don't want to make my family wait 2 hrs after a tiring trip to get the car. No more fox for us.
3	Honestly, you truly get what you pay for and while I was debating giving this place a two star, the prices I got my one way car rental for was so cheap it was silly. The location is right on Las Vegas Blvd but you need to turn down a small street to access the facility. Bare in mind the lines are long and the rental car staff will do whatever they can to sell you on the their car rental insurance. Plus I didn't find their counter staff very friendly at all. The agent who helped me was the same as the one who gave Lydia N. attitude earlier in the restroom so maybe that had something to do with it? Also, at least the car I got had the highest mileage of any car I had ever rented and after renting hundreds of cars (I used to travel a lot  for my job), this car took the cake for highest mileage car ever. Once again, after reading reviews on here and knowing the rate I got was super cheap, I can't hold this against them as I knew it coming in. Yes, this review is pretty negative but I am giving them three stars because I was able to get in and out with the car I needed for 1/5 the cost of the competitors for a one way to Cali.
1	The trip to the location takes two busses and the wait was do long we cancelled our reservation and took a taxi ... Don't waste your time and effort on this dump!
4	I had this really long negative review already posted and found myself quickly deleting it just a few minutes ago. This is going to be a long review summarizing my incompetence as a Hillbilly that decided to go to Las Vegas. If you're not in the mood to read what happened, in a nutshell, I'm an idiot. Now you can skip the next paragraph and go directly to the bullet notes that relate to my experience using Fox Rent a Car.Expedia never billed me for the car rental. As stated on the paperwork, the entire amount was to be collected at the counter. Long story short, I was dealing back and forth with Fox Rent a Car until finally it was detailed to me. "HOW DARE YOU RIP ME OFF! I'm a broke Hillbilly travelling to Vegas," said I. This was one of those "DUHHHHHHH" moments. Anyways, now to the review and why I'm issuing a surprising four star rating.First thing to note, I flew into and out of Las Vegas on a Wednesday. So, the long waits and lines are not something I experienced myself. The entire process was rather quick. If you are pressed for time, consider flying into and out of Las Vegas during a day of the week. By Friday morning The Las Vegas Strip is noticeably busier and dies back down by Sunday night. This was during a very cold week in Las Vegas so I can only imagine what it's like during the warmer months.Things to look for:* The Dreaded Second Bus - Arriving at LAS, once you have all your luggage on hand, go curbside to the section that will take everyone to the Rent a Car Center. Once you exit that bus that picked you up at the airport, you will look for the bus that takes you to Fox Rent a Car. Same process upon returning to LAS only in reverse. The bus taking you to Fox Rent a Car and back to the airport drops-off/picks-up right by the front door of Fox. It will also take you to the respected terminal where your airline is hubbed. The only part that can be a little overwhelming, especially if you're a Hillbilly as myself, is the transfer to the dreaded second bus. This isn't the only bus doing transfers at the Rent a Car Center. Luckily, I did something I never do preventing me from boarding the incorrect bus, I asked. With pleasure, I was directed to the correct bus. Even though it's labeled with Fox's Logo/Name, I would have ended-up on the wrong bus. Anyways, it's a short drive to and from.* Prepaid Fuel - This is a useless option. Although it sounds great in theory, it will cost you less filling-up the tank before returning the vehicle. For example, I rented a brand new Chevrolet Spark that from below the "HEY! Hurry-up and get gas now" line to "full" it was only $18.00 and change. The total billed was $36. 24. Had I known this beforehand I would have opted not to use this. This option, out of all, was made very clear that it is nonrefundable. Both verbally and in writing where you have to initial. Apparently, this is an issue that happens quite a bit. You can thank me later.* Insurance - It's simple, if you are a person prone to accidents that can't be explained by using simple Physics and logic, for the Grace of God, do opt to use this. What I make-up for in Hillbillyness I lack in accidents. Therefor, I didn't choose this option. Yes, it was offered and scared to death with possible scenarios but, it's up to you in the end.* Choosing and driving off with the vehicle - All vehicles are right outside separated by vehicle type. You look at them, open the doors, sit in them and make sure it's the one you want. Then, you drive up to get checked-out. At least in my case, all vehicles were new.* Returning the vehicle - You drive into one of the lanes and walk out to the check-out kiosk right outside. Make sure you check the vehicle several times. I almost left my camera there and make sure someone else isn't driving in when you walk out. "Somebody," we will call him a "friend," almost got run over walking to the kiosk.* Their location - They are located on the same Las Vegas Blvd. you will probably be staying on. If you're in the mood for a scenic drive, you can take Las Vegas Blvd.  and eventually you will get to The Strip. You will know you're going the right way by following The Stratosphere in the distance. This would be a good time to purchase things you may have forgotten at a much lower price than on The Strip itself. Like, "someone" whom shall remain unnamed. Neither Fox nor the airport are that far from The Strip.* Contacting Fox - They may not like what I'm about to say but, the best way to get their attention is via Twitter. I received responses from them almost immediately. Now THAT my friends is the future of Customer Service. All in all, it was a very pleasant experience and I shall be using them again. They are the least costly of all the others. Shop before you book and you shall see. I also recommend Expedia for your future trips. I always use them. This being my first time in Las Vegas, I too recommend renting a vehicle. Much to do in the outskirts.
1	I booked a 3-day rental car for $81.XX and I had my colleague rent the car on the 1st day because I wasn't flying into LV until the day after.  There was a little problem because my colleague is only 24 years old, and he doesn't meet the 25+ rule.  So, for everyday, we have to pay an extra $14 because of that, which I totally understand.   BUT, now all of a sudden, the $81 turned into almost $260!  So at this time, my coworker is already in LV at Fox, and I'm still in LA.  He has no mode of transportation to the hotel and CES Intl trade show, so I'm worried about him now since I have to make sure he's taken care of until I get there.So I called and talked to GEORGE (Fox worker) because he was the one helping my coworker out.  I  called in, so I obviously initiated the conversation about the issue, so I obviously have the "right of way" of talking.  But he kept cutting me off while I'm addressing the issue, but I kept talking over him.  Then he flips the script on me, and tells me, "Stop interrupting me, or else I will not talk to you and I will hang up."  Then I told him, "You're interrupting me, I called in, I'm the customer, let me speak and address what I have to say, can you stop interrupting ME? Let me talk first since I initiated the conversation".  Then he keeps warning me, "If you don't let me talk, I will not talk to you and hang up." So then, I ask to speak to a manager or supervisor, and he then tells me, "There are no managers/supervisors here", then he hangs up.(This part I wasn't there, but my coworkers filled me in after) George tells my coworker to rent a car for $40/day just for today, then when I get there tomorrow, I will put it back under my name, so this way, we won't get charged too much.  So my coworkers agrees.  Then George said that he has no credit, so he can't rent a car, even though he has money in his ATM/Debit card with a Visa/MC logo.  So George denied my coworker the car.  That was that.  End of story for now. (No other options were given) So at this point, he's stuck at Fox, and I'm still in LA, and can't really do nothing about it.  I'm over 4 hours away trying to figure out what to do. The only thing I could do is to call corporate.So I called Fox Rent A Car corporate office to talk to HR and I explained the situation. The lady was nice enough to transfer me to the GM at the LV location.  (Wait! I thought there were no managers or supervisors that I can speak to, GEORGE!  You liar!)So I got in touch with Alfonzo Ruiz, the GM over at Fox LV.  I explained the situation, and he apologized and he said he will take care of my coworker thats been waiting there since he got there, over 3 hours!  Alfonzo informed me that if someone doesn't have good credit or any credit, the only way around it so that my coworker can rent a car is if he provides a return airline ticket/itinerary (Which he has).   This option was never told to my coworker, and all this could have been avoided.I had to call Fox Rent A Car corporate office to get a hold of a GM at the LV location because George didn't want to transfer me to the GM, stating that there are no manager or supervisors there.  Soon as I talked to Alfonzo, he straightened everything out on a phone call that took no more than 2 minutes!  GEORGE @ Fox Rental Car LV - Here are some tips for you:1.) CUSTOMER IS ALWAYS RIGHT! 2.) TREAT CUSTOMERS WITH RESPECT! 3.) DON'T THREATEN TO HANG UP!4.)  When a customer wants to talk to a supervisor, they have every right to!  NEVER SAY THERE IS NO MANAGER OR SUPERVISOR.  ALMOST EVERY BUSINESS HAS ONE! -------------END OF REVIEW FOR THIS INCIDENT---------------------------Another incident from 3 months ago------------------Another incident, I was at this same location about 3 months ago.  There were about 6-7 workers (possibly including a supervisor), I was the 3rd party in line.  There were 3 parties being helped at the desk, and it was taking for ever.  After 35-45 minutes goes by, the line is now 8-9 parties long, and the original 3 parties already being help, were still being helped!  Talk about slow service!There were about 3-4 workers that were just standing by talking to each other.  They completely ignored the long line.  I felt sorry for the people behind us in line.  There were open stations or computers and they could have easily helped the line go faster only if they actually WORKED, instead of standing around talking to each other, going to the back room, etc.VERY SLOW SERVICE HERE!  I let this one slide and I didn't post up a review, but after today's incident, I just had to.  I'm never renting a car at this location every again.  All Fox Rent A Car locations have LESS than 3 stars!  NOTE TO CORPORATE:  Implement some training for customer service, work ethics, behavior, etc.  PLEASE!  At least TRY!  Because it definitely doesn't look like Fox Rent A Car cares about consumer reviews, customer service, etc.
2	just set your expectations before renting here:-if coming/going to airport you need to take 2 shuttles to get here (second shuttle from the main rental car building to FOX)-folks inside were nice and helpful, just like any other rental car place +-outside operating to get you your car was the worst (and it wasn't even busy).  took about 25 min to get our car (which wasn't ready), cleaned and washed and ready for us.        they asked if we would just take a different (smaller) vehicle instead, but we paid for the larger one so we had to wait     -then had to wait about 10 min in lineto drive off the lot while each car in front of us when through a full walk around inspection.returning the car was much smoother, but it seems like we might have just been lucky.
1	The worst car rental company EVER.  Lines are miles long, cars are dinged and dirty, the shuttles are few and far between and standing room only.  The drivers hate this company, the employees hate working there and the customers are victimized by the poor service.  I will never rent from FOX las vegas ever again.
1	Seriously, do yourself a favor and pay the extra $10 a day to rent from anywhere else, this place is TERRIBLE. I actually rented from here a couple of years ago and promised myself I'd never do it again, but of course in the mean time I completely forgot, so alas, here I am again. Just as was the case last time, the line is forever long. They have 2 people working with at least 20 inline waiting for their car. Seriously? Not to mention it's 11:30 at night, there's really no excuse, they know how many reservations they have. Expedia doesn't post that you have to take not one but TWO shuttles to get to this location. Annoying. Good God get me out of this rental car hell!
3	+ nice car+ easy drop-off- have to take 2 shuttles to get to airport / rental location. however, the shuttles seemed pretty frequent.
1	Worst customer service! Warning!!!Don't rent a car here! Seriously! Wasted my day in the line to get serve! Will mess up your plan for the day!
3	A year ago, it seemed like I was getting shafted by subterfuge. But I had to try them again, as they've been good to me before. So I tried them. Before, they wanted to read the debit stripe on my car, then tie up my bank account with held-funds. This time, I was prepared with a credit card that is an actual credit card. Yes, they still chomp on your card's credit limit (they tell you this with signage now). But you get to use the credit card's accident liability, which you'll probably need unless you've prequalified your insurance before you arrive.I got the car I wanted. Yes, they tried to talk me into an upgrade, but it was a Chevy Spark which was ALL I needed for a week's stay. It was clean, ready to go, had 20K miles on it but was just fine. It sips gas in a miserly way, and is very reasonable for an econobox. You still have to go to the Airport Rental Center, then take a bus, but it's not a long trip to their facility. Much better this time, Fox. I'll be back again to see if we can bump this up to four stars. You only get five stars when there's a limo waiting for me, with a guy with a chauffeur's hat and a sign with my name on it. Hasn't happened yet. In all honesty, for a skinflint like me, it's a fine place. Yeah, there's a line. Takes a few minutes. Have your act together before you get there. Bring an actual credit card and your license. Know what you wanted because you  pre-booked it online or their site. They had what I wanted, and it was clean and comfy. No craziness this time. I like a low-drama life.
3	For the price it was worth it, but I must say given the location, if you have the option of paying a slight bit more, go elsewhere.   This Fox location is located quite far from the airport.  You need to take the standard McCarran Rental car shuttle, then hop on yet ANOTHER shuttle to get here.  Transit time is easily 15-20 minutes, not including waiting for shuttles. Once we were at the Fox location, I waited in line for about 45 minutes.  After that, everything was smooth...the car was nice, the staff were very nice and the return was a breeze.  Overall, I would consider renting here again only if the price was considerably less than others and if I was not in a rush to get in/out of my car.
4	Pros: Check in was easyCheck out was easyNo hidden fees Somewhat friendly agentCar drove smoothly150$ security deposit was returned within 3 business daysCheap prices!Cons: Car had some scratches on it.Agent was friendly, but had a bit of an attitude.If we had not checked the car before leaving, the guy would have probably charged us for damages we didn't do, since the areas were not checked on the paper the guy gives you before leaving the lot (SO PLEASE DO THIS AT THE AREA RIGHT BEFORE LEAVING THE LOT).Agents are most likely paid on commission, and will try to sell you stuff you don't need/want, so be aware! (Agent told us to upgrade since we wouldn't have cruise control with the model we reserved, we did NOT upgrade...when we got onto the lot to choose the car, ours had cruise control!) We will be renting a car from Fox again! Just be aware of what insurance you have, etc. so you don't pay for extras you don't really need!
1	This had to be the MOST INEFFICIENT BUSINESS I have ever been to!!!! Do they not know how many reservations they have coming in and out at 10 pm at night? We waited for about 10 minutes for the shuttle bus, another 30 in line and it took FOREVER for her to up-sale, I mean do our paper work. Now we are waiting in a line of 6 cars trying to get off the dang lot. It's been like another 25 minutes and we aren't even out if the lot yet. Not worth the cheaper price!!!!! This place is run by idiots, and not as many idiots as there should be!!!
2	This is the Walmart of car rentals.  Ghetto without the fab.  Sure you save a few bucks compared to Hertz/Enterprise, but you have to spend more time on switching shuttles.  To rent a car out of Las Vegas airport you need to take a shuttle to the Rental Car center.  Most car companies are located there.  However, Fox rental along with a handful of others require you to take a second shuttle from the rental car center.  Keep in mind that you need to take 2 shuttles after you return your can to get back to the terminals.  Now, if you want to save $4 a day and are willing to go through the extra trouble of taking a second shuttle  then this might be for you.The vehicles from here are usually in acceptable condition.  The agents will  go through the routine of add-on services.  Lines can get long on busy weekends.  The clientele is always colorful here.
4	No qualms here.was there about 10 minutes.got a free upgrade.car had dirty seats,but thats fine my room had a washing machine...
3	First time renting from here. I was a bit skeptical since it's a new company in vegas. Picked up the car late at night with only 1 person ahead of me and I still waited 10 min. There were 2 people at the desk but the other guy decided to wait to call me up. Picked the car I wanted that had good fuel economy and spacious interior. It wasn't washed thoroughly on the outside and even worse they forgot to clean the dashboard that was caked with dust. 3 stars because of the rate. If the car was clean I would've given a 5 since the 10 min wait is usual for renting a car.
1	This place is a dirty dump. It's not worth the little bit of money you save, because they treat you like dirt and like they owe you nothing since you are trying to get a bargain. Wait is about an hour. All cars are damaged, dirty, stained, and bad falling apart tires. Please pay the $30 extra for a nice place that will treat you fair
1	Worst company ever.  Three people in front of me in line and it still took 45 minutes to get my car. Then the car ran poorly, was dirty and the check engine light was on. Then checking the car in was just as bad. I will never ever rent from this company again!!!!!!!
3	Alba was amazing at smoothing over some difficulties I had with extending my rental. She was great!!
4	After reading the reviews, I was considering canceling my reservation and booking somewhere else, but every other company is almost double the price of Fox so I decided to just go with it.First of all,  I didn't bother with the shuttles, instead I just took a cab from my hotel. Since I took a cab instead of their shuttle, I got an additional discount off my rental. Expect to wait in line for a while. I waited for around an hour. The process itself was pretty easy and painless. I paid exactly what I was quoted from Kayak.com, plus a $150 deposit (which was refunded quickly after I returned the car in San Diego) I even showed up 3 hours earlier than my scheduled reservation time, but that was not a problem. The woman who helped me was straightforward and friendly enough.The car I got (2014 Toyota Yaris) was nice and clean. No issues with it whatsoever. Drop off in San Diego was very fast and easy. Overall, a very easy experience. I did not get charged any surprise fees, and my car was great. Just make sure to read the terms and conditions when you book so you know exactly what to expect.
2	In my book, Fox rental was a victim of circumstance. We flew in to Vegas Friday night to celebrate our friend's bachelor party. We had reservations to Craftsteak for a night of food awesomeness. The flight that we took was already about an hour late so it was really cutting in on our restaurant reservation. We were perplexed to find out the Fox rental is "off" the off-site rental building. I reckon that Fox rental was located in the off-site rental building. Alas, we waited for another 15 more minutes to be bussed off to Fox rental. It seemed like Fox rental was almost located at Henderson, pretty far. No problems. I would just sprint into the counter and be the first person to check in from our group.And then there was a line.There was a line from the previous shuttle. And we had to wait for about 30 minutes until I got to the front of the line. There were far and few employees for the amount of customers being bussed in. At that point we have missed our reservations at Craftsteak.To top it off, our car's breaks are down to the wear indicators. At least we were able to dine at Gallagher's in New York New York. Too bad, because if we had all the time in the world, Fox rental is pretty okay. Less than 20 bucks a day is undeniable, and the shuttle drivers were pretty cool.
1	Be forewarned: you must take a shuttle from the airport to the rental car center and then a second shuttle to the Fox lot.  Hugely inconvenient.  Our car was dirty inside and out, with stains on the seats and a thick coat of dust in the car.  Customer service rep inside was the only bright spot; he was friendly and efficient.   The outside customer service rep tried to give us a car a level lower than we paid for.  If the prices were lower than the other rental car places at the main car rental center, I could possibly justify, but they aren't.
5	Can't be beat for the money! Yeh, so I waited in line. 15 people and it took 15 minutes. And yeh, you have to take 2 shuttles from the airport. I got a new Corolla for $18 a day all in, AND drove it toLA and back. 60 bux for gas and $36 for 2 day rental. Under a hundo! Great deal IMHO.
1	I gave it one star because this is the shadiest company I have ever rented from. We waited over an hour on a Friday night. I understand being busy with the public but why would you have only 2 over worked employees checking in customers.They were very polite and friendly.When I got the car, they checked all over for damage which was good, but the marked the gas tank full and it was only 1/2 full. In the building they have signs all over that say 'don't fill the tank, no worries we will fill it for you and save you .20 a gallon.' THEY LIE They charged me 5.00 a gallon and they said they had to use 11 gallons. The car has a gas tank that full is 14.5 gallons. The tank was almost to half.I will never rent from here again,  and neither will my family, as my Niece and her husband had the same problem the same day.
1	I feel like this place is slightly scammy.  I booked them through Southwedt after a flight.  The had my reservation but quoted me something almost twice as much. $50 something instead of $31. The lady told me I needed to book an extra day with the times I had or risk being charged a $10 late fee and extras. So I did thinking that maybe I put down the wrong times when I booked.  I was able to check it out before I turned the car in and I did not put the wrong times in. Despite the email showing this when I checked out to pay she refused to give me the quoted price because I had already signed on the higher agreed amount. Terrible Customer Service and shady business ethics.
1	The agents at Fox tell people they are an airport location when you book your trip.  They are not.  They are not even at the Las Vegas Rental Car Center with all the other rental companies.  To get to Fox you have to take a bus to the normal rental car center and from there you have to take another shuttle to Fox.  When you finally get to Fox, there is a line out the door and they only have two people working.  No exaggeration, see other reviews, it could take you two hours to get your car.  Also, the agents at the site are very slow.  I flew in from California and it would have been less time to drive to Vegas VS fly and then try and get a car at Fox.  When I complained to the agent at the Vegas location about the misinformation I received about them being an airport location, he said, "We are an airport location."Also they take your whole deposit out of you bank when you return the car and it takes 15 days to receive the refund of the difference.  This wasn't a mistake, this is just how they normally bill.
1	First time renting a car in Vegas....  Last time renting in Vegas.  Worst customer service in the world. Slowest customer service in the world. Do I continue?
1	Horrible customer service. I wish I got the name of the guy I had the unfortunate pleasure of dealing with at check-in. No wonder they are the cheapest. They are located off the main rental car area, so you have to take 2 shuttles to get there. Factor in at least an extra hour and a half to deal with getting there from the terminal. I will pay the few dollars extra and go with a different company. Not worth dealing with the BS at this location. BTW- I have rented from FOX at many locations in the country and this one is by far the worst. Looks like I share the majority opinion of this place.
1	Horrid.  Not told about an 'additional driver fee' when a 2nd was added at the desk upon arrival and car wasn't vacuumed or cleaned..  Be prepared to be charged $10 extra per day if returned early also. Gave them a 1st time shot but not worth the hassle, rent elsewhere.
1	Get to McCarran, and  I realize, I don't want to walk all over the strip for 5 days, especially if we want to take a jaunt outside of vegas proper. Whip out my iPhone, and check hotwire - 234-275$ for a Standard Class, 222-259 for a Compact or Economy. I had another app, carrentals.com - and figured, eh, check it just to see if there is a difference. Specify the same parameters "AIRPORT pickup/drop off was the main one i cared about) - and it returns to me 103-123 for this place called "Fox Rent A Car." Score! Savvy consumer that I am, I reserve it in the app, and then go to find the shuttle for Fox. As many other reviews note - Fox is NOT an airport pickup/dropoff - you take the shuttle to the car rental area, then they have a different shuttle that takes you to fox. No biggie, i was saving $500 on the rental for the week, so i can deal with an extra 15 minute shuttle bus. However, the fun begins when you get to the actual rental place. I get there, get off the shuttle, go in, and there is only 1 person in line in front of me... 3 clerks helping 3 other sets of people, so I am thinking this will all be over fairly quick - that kinda line at hertz  you are talking 5-10 minutes. Of course, as several other reviews note, their service counter seems to exist in a time warped area, where each step of the transaction of the people in front of you seems to take endless amounts of time, and of course, it took the guy in front of me 20 minutes before he got helped.... and then 10 minutes after that i got to go to the next person. Ok, at this point, 30 minutes to wait to talk to someone. So now I am with the shady counter people. Went through all my options with me, and presented me with what philosophers call a "False Dilemma" - he asks "Which insurance do you want, Basic, Full, or Deluxe?" Having just flown for 6.5 hours, my body feeling like it should be noon, and local time being 9am, i was in a tired, tired state... so of course, i just said "naw , nothing, just basic i guess from those options." He types up a couple things, mentioned that they are going to charge me a deposit that gets refunded, so I didn't think much of it when the bill was 450 bucks... i mean my brain said "THIS IS TO MUCH" but then internally i said "YOU ARE TIRED DUMMY, it's the deposit that's making it that much." So, I started to walk away from the counter... then i realized I had line items for "LDW 69.99   RoadSide Assistance 2.59" MAN! I wanted NO insurance, since my credit card is the one i use for travel, and has additional primary insurance options on it (and it isn't void if i get a moving violation as well as an accident - which Fox's Insurance most definitely is voided, if say, you skid into a guard rail, and get ticketed for improper speed or lane change - boom! no insurance) So now I am mad... head back over, and told that i have to go to the customer service line to get it removed/refunded, can't do it at the counter. Walk over to customer service "stand" - no manned by anyone. Tap on the counter, then just yell over "is there anyone working customer service?" The clerk that told me to go over to customer service tells me "Well I am, but i am helping customers in line for rentals, I'll be over when I am done." So, wait another 20 minutes... and then he comes over. I say, "I didn't want insurance, the other guy there just gave me 3 options - none of which were no coverage" Customer Service guy tells me "People think their credit cards give them insurance, but it's very limited, and doesn't really protect you - " I cut him off, saying, I have primary insurance on my card, it's a travel card, that specifically mentions this as a feature, and I really never wanted it, and wasn't even given the option to decline it. He then proceeds to argue with me further about the merits of their insurance versus my policy (that he does not know the details of) I finally just cut him off again and state that I do not want any other extras or add ons on my bill and just take it off! He says he will, but first "The Law requires me to state that your coverage provided by your credit card will only cover the recovery of the car, no liability, and has a deductible"  THEN he says "If your wife got injured in an accident, would you want to just have the car covered after you paid a deductible? You really want at least basic"  So, rather than continue to argue with him about how he does not have the correct picture of my insurance coverage, i just say "yes, i want no coverage." So after 1.5 hours, i am now heading to the lot to select my car. The first three i grabbed all smelled of smoke/had cigarette burns/random stains.. so i get the corolla... and of course the air conditioning didn't work on that one. Good thing weather cooperated this week. Also, they don't give you a key fob for locking/unlocking. Terrible experience, and shady up selling makes this a  never again experience.
1	OMG....just avoid this place!  Not only are they not on the airport site, you have to take a shuttle to the airport then another shuttle to this place.  Cheaper than most rental places, but besides the shuttle, and then waiting in a horrible long line, they give you a rental car that has alot of miles on it.  Mine had about 60k.  THEN, one of the tires had a slow leak.  They said I should have exchanged it for another car right away, but this place was across town from where I was staying and had a conference I had to get to all the days I was there.  I had no time to drive across town to wait in another long line and exchange it.  So I had to go to the gas stations 2 times a day to fill up the tire that was leaking.  Then they would give me more than a day free.
4	Low prices, good car, adequate service, easy enough to get to, I thought they were fine. I just hopped the "regular" car rental shuttle to the rental center, and then hopped the Fox shuttle to their place. Easy.I picked up the car at 8 p.m. on a Tuesday and dropped off at 8:30 p.m. on a Sunday, so perhaps they weren't as busy as other times of the day.The staff were friendly enough and got the job done. Five days for just over $200 with unlimited miles. I'll go back there again.
4	Fair and balanced review is what I want to give. Cheap prices, good cars, two shuttle busses to fox- not with other car rentals, this second shuttle feels like a pain but only adds 10 minutes to your car rental trip, very few employees when I checked in so it was a very very long line however please note I've had similar problems with the name brand car rentals at the main rental terminal, staff was polite helpful and not high pressure. If you are flying in with small children or very early/very late this second shuttle seems very difficult but it really is just one more step in a long travel process no matter what you do. For me cost was SO LOW it was worth it.
1	if i could give this place a  (-10) i would!! 1 star is way too much for them!!!  worst rental car place ever!!!! they tell you it is at the airport but you have to take a shuttle to the rental car center and then get on another shuttle and go about 10 miles to the rental car place!! and when you are hauling around a ton of luggage it is the biggest pain ever!!  it took over 2 hours picking up the car and returning it!!! they have 2 people helping 100 people in line at the counter and 1  guy when you return it as well!!!  biggest scam ever!!! they also give you crappy dirty rental cars and the people that work there and rude and don't know anything!! we rented a "full size"  suv and ended up with a ford edge!! they charge you for everything they possibly can too!!!  the shuttle back to the airport also only come about every 1/2 hour!! do not ever rent from this place!!!! pay the extra $10 and rent from a decent rental car place!!!
1	When we got there to pick up the car, it was the longest and slowest line I've ever seen at a car rental.  The good was they gave us a choice of vehicles so I chose the Hundai Sonata which was pretty good.When returning the vehicle, they want you to go through that line again instead of having and express checkout.  Fortunately it wasn't long or I would have skipped it.When in the line I talked to someone else and she said it's always that way.I won't use them again.
1	Please be careful before renting with Fox Rent a Car, probably will be overcharged. I found them with reasonable rates on rentacar.com in Las Vegas and their company is a very different place... When you arrive at the airport, they do not have a kiosk you must take another bus to their location and they only have a small staff (waited for over an hour). On top of that not only did they charge a security, they used a portion of that for a gas fee ($40 plus tax) and did not explain what that was for, I was under the impression that it would be returned when I brought the car back if it was full (I used $10 of gas which I had filled up). They then proceeded to tell me upon return that I didn't need to fill it up and that is what the fee was for. When I called back to figure out why my whole deposit wasn't returned even when I had filled it up, they still would not remedy the situation, I ended up paying over $130 for 3 days. I will never rent from Fox again, check out other companies!!!
3	You get what you pay for!My experience was decent and considering what a bargain it was I am inclined to use them again! But what I did pay for was a good bit of extra waiting (and luckily missing even more). First waiting outside (uncovered) at the off-sight rental car plaza for a second shuttle to fox car lot. This was not so bad (or long ~10min) in April but come the summer . . .  Wednesday at noon was a good arrival time. When I got to fox car there were only 6 people in line and five representatives. It would have been faster if some people didn't have issues and only two representatives were getting through customers. The lot was full so I had a big selection of cars to choose from. However, on the return there was an additional line for people waiting to get a car (lot almost empty, 1pm sunday).  Side note: I got the base model of my personal car which I got a kick out of (it also makes me appreciate the upgrades of my own car at home). It had a lot of miles (for a rental) but inside was in good condition.
2	You get what you pay for. You have to take two separate shuttles to get to the actual rental location. PIMA. If you don't mind waiting 45 mins or so just to get to the rental location, then maybe worth the wait.  Check in process is inconvenient. Agent also tried to hard sell me on the rental insurance. Don't fall for it. Most private auto policies cover rentals as well, but verify with your own policy.  I won't be using Fox again. Worth paying $5 more to avoid the hassle.
1	Poor Poor and Rude Customer Service!!The agent made a comment "Buyers are Liars"  and refused to add my wife on the contract as my spouse without marriage certificate. We were dumb folded. We found this very discriminatory towards women to show the marriage certificate in order to be on a petty contract!!!Very Very Disappointing service. Also, they charged us for Ford Fusion but the only car available was a small Chevy Spark!!
1	Damnit worst service ever. I showed up and they didnt even have the mid-size car I reserved. And I had to wait until one showed up and they still had to clean it. Plus its super ghetto. Customer service was also super awful. And then the guy had the audacity to sell me insurance and lecture me on why I should have gotten Fox insurance instead or orbitz. Fool I know you get commission. And if you want to go cheap go with payless or firefly instead saving that 10$ is not worth it. Can I give this place a 0! Plus the crap car they gave me didn't even have cruise control!?!?!?! I cannot emphasize enough not to come here.
1	Hands down the worst rental car experience ever! Spent over an hour waiting in line to pick up my car.  No one moves with a sense of urgency.  My car was OK but dirty, it even had a butter knife in the seat.  They didn't even clean the windshield. Upon return it didn't take too long but it took over 30 minutes for the shuttle to arrive.  On the shuttle all 20 passengers had nothing but complaints of terrible service.  Won't use them again.
1	When I got there the line was long and slow and the employees were rude I even had to tell my check out guy to smile! I was also charged ins when I didn't want it I told him no I had my own and he did it anyway and I didn't notice till two days later! Because the guy was such an ass I didn't make sure to read what I was signing so look over your paper before you leave! When I tried to get this changed when I returned the car even after calling the guy at the counter told me he didn't believe me but to write a statement but he was sure I wouldn't get my money back!! Seriously worst experience and worst customer service!!!!
1	The wait in line was over 1 hour and what they don't tell you is that you have to take two shuttles...one from the airport to the main rental center and another to the fox satellite location. If you can fathom 1.5 hours total in the Las Vegas heat to rent a car, it may be ok!
3	This place is fine if you want something cheap and have time on your hands to endure the whole process. My sister had booked this place so I am not sure about the whole booking process but I believe for 3 days, they charge you over a hundred and refund you back the money if there is no damage to the car, so we ended up paying $40 or so. That is pretty good because taxis are ridiculously pricey and if you plan to wander off the strip and explore, this is a good choice. It is true what everyone says, that it is extremely slow and off the strip but since we didnt have a busy schedule when we arrived Friday morning, the hour it took from the airport, to get the car, and back to our hotel wasnt THAT bad. Once you get off the plane, you have to take a shuttle to the car rental area. Since Fox, is off the strip even further, you have to take a second shuttle to the place. I say you are shuttling for a good 20-30 minutes total. You have to wait in line for a while to get your car and were there for another half hour. We got the tiny car for two and left. If I was in a rush and wanted to jet off, I would have hated dealing with this place. However, since we wanted something cheap and had time, this option was fine.
4	Quick shuttle ride from the airport pick up area to the actual car pick up place. It is very busy so expect to wait a little bit. Once we got the keys we got the car and were out the door. They do a quick inspection of the car with you before leaving the gates. Strange. I had never experienced this before, but I get it. The inside is a little ghetto fab, but with the amount of volume the get I can see why this happens. Our car was clean and fuel efficient. Returning the car was easy too, except the girl who works in returns is so rude. I don't think she even looked up at us once. Clearly just a number in her book. I can't be too mad though, they booked us with the wrong kind of car and we ended up getting a small Chevy clown car. They gave us one whole day free for the mistake. Smaller cars make for easier parking options. Fortunately we had a pretty had a decent experience. I feel bad for the people who had a rough time. We got there on the red eye so might explain why our wait wasn't too bad. I'd rent from them again if we return to Vegas.
1	We had a reservation for a car and waited for half a day. Their policy of doing a credit check along with only allowing the person to drive that did the credit check is stupid and we were not told that over the phone. This ruined and cancelled our desperately needed trip for a job interview in Los angeles. And their price wasn't even cheap like they said. I wont ever use this company.
1	I am absolutely flabbergasted at the complete lack of customer service at this place. I'm not one to penalize the establishment for their long lines or slow service because frankly I feel they are understaffed to deal with the high volume. My disappointment comes from their lack of professionalism and rudeness in helping customers. When I'm questioning my bill of $80 even though I was quoted a price of $31 and your response is "well that's what the computer says" is completely unacceptable. I'm not above paying if you can show me that's the case. But not even trying to help explain is pathetic and lazy. Please get another job where interacting with people is at a minimum.
1	Same as everyone else.  Rented this off carrentals.com.  Company is paying so i didn't care about saving money, but I just took the cheapest one in the results.  I didn't read closely enough, they aren't at the main rental center, so 2 shuttles to get there, then a ridiculously long line to fill out the paperwork, then another long line to exit the lot.  I'm already stressed out about the return process, I'm gonna have to budget at least a couple extra hours when leaving (I'm taking a 1 hour flight, so this doubles my travel time). Never again.
1	This place is a total scam.  We reserved a car for 7 days for $187.  We were then charged over $700+ for the car rental, luckily I noticed this on my credit card the next day, so I returned the car immediately and was only charged $253 for 2 days.  Then my credit card company called and told me my credit card number was stolen.  Since I had only used the at Fox (as it was a new card), I knew exactly who stole the number.  So we went back to Fox with the police the next day.  I will NEVER use them EVER again.  Word of warning, don't let this happen to you.
4	Fox Car Rental is a discount car rental agency, so expect long lines on both ends of the transaction; however, the drop off was much more efficient than the pick up. In the afternoon it gets extremely busy. I suggest trying for a morning or late evening pick up/drop off, if possible. The rates are good and they have the same rental benefits (unlimited mileage, car options) as the larger national brands. To get to Fox Car Rental you will take the car rental shuttle from the airport to the main garage. Then transfer from the main shuttle bus to Fox's shuttle that will take you to its off-site location. It's the same case on your return. Fox will take you to the main rental garage, and then from there you will shuttle to the airport. It's quite easy and the shuttles run frequently. I had no issues using this company, and I highly suggest using them. The money you save using Fox will surely be put to better use while in Vegas.
4	I have rented from Fox no less than 10 times and will continue to rent from them, you just have to know these things going into your rental.  It will save you a lot of stress or surprise:1) They are not at the consolidated rental facility with all the other car companies.  This means that when you get off the rental car shuttle bus, you need to transfer to an "off-site" shuttle bus that takes you to Fox.  An extra step that you need to take into account, especially if you have a lot of luggage, a bunch of kids, and need to consider when going BACK to the airport.  But this extra step is totally worth the super discounted rates.2) It's a relatively small outfit, so if a bunch of people are renting from them at the same time that you are, expect a line when picking up your rental.  Yes, the line can be long.  If they hired more employees to move the line along faster, then their discounted rates would start to rise.  I'll wait in order to pay a lot less, thankyouverymuch.3) They're still salesmen.  They are going to try to upgrade you, try to tack on the fuel option, try to give you a GPS, try like hell to get you insurance coverage, etc etc.  Kindly decline all.  Repeatedly.  There is a gas station on the corner of the facility, so opt to fill it up yourself.  You don't need a GPS, you have a smart phone.  You don't need the insurance as long as A) your personal car insurance covers you or B) your credit card covers you or C) you're feeling risky.  I have both A and B, so I'm getting out the door for the price that I reserved.4) They'll charge you for damage, so do yourself a favor and inspect the vehicle.  Take five minutes out of your trip to walk around the vehicle and note anything you see on the sheet.  Don't get duped by the whole "this damage wasn't noted before you left so we're going to charge you" scheme.  We're smarter than that, people.If it weren't for my last trip, I would have rated Fox a FULL five stars.  However, they didn't have the vehicle I had reserved so I was told to "take anything from that row".  However, the first vehicle we grabbed ended up needing an oil change so they didn't let us out the gate.  The second vehicle didn't belong in the row, so they didn't let us out the gate.  The third vehicle was acceptable, but by this point we had lugged our luggage in and out of three vehicles and lost 30 minutes of our night.  But it was a small hiccup to an otherwise awesome trip.
1	Worst car rental in Vegas. No effort to wipe down after washing, water marks and dirty interior. Very, very bad customer service. Beware of agent adding coverages to contract without explaining anything.  Supervisor Damien was worst of all. Cheap but they will try to deceive you. I'll never use them ever again.
2	Your time is worth more than the savings you'll get here. Line lasted over an hour to get a car that was pre-booked. Staff was less than cheerful. Place is dirty. Bathrooms were gross. Took a $20 cab ride to get there. I would have gone one star - but we got a relatively brand new car. So plus to the car, but everything else was so painful I have to say: stay away.
5	DON'T LISTEN TO THE NEGATIVE PEOPLE!! I had a great experience with Fox this past week in Vegas. We were staying at WorldMark(we had taken a taxi there for about $10) so I just walked down to pick up the car I had called to reserve. It was mid-afternoon, so there were about 20 people ahead of me. I waited about 45 minutes in line before I was called up to the counter. The problem, though, seemed to be with customers who didn't know the ins and outs of car rentals. The staff were as friendly as any other rental company and I ended up saving over $150 by choosing Fox over Enterprise. Also, Enterprise was going to charge me another $40 to drop the rental off at the airport instead of returning it to their lot. People complain about the fact you have to take two shuttles to the location. Hmmm....have any of you waited in the taxi line at McCarran??? Call ahead and reserve a cab ride if you're in a hurry, but expect to pay for your ride plus any wait time if your flight or luggage are delayed. I don't see the issue here. Don't blame the rental company for your poor planning and missing a dinner reservation. You're just setting yourself up to get angry if you run on such a tight schedule while travelling!I will not only use Fox again, but recommend them to everyone I know who needs a rental car in Vegas!!
3	This place works if you come in early in the Day and are not in a huge rush to hit the strip.  Prices are cheap, the cars are good, but they only have 2-3 folks checking people in so you have to wait to get ur car. It's the same way in Los Angeles and San Diego....i still think it's a great bargain...
1	Cheap prices, but it will cost you time.First, you need to take  a second shuttle from the car rental center off the Las Vegas airport. Second, found a 1 hour line to rent the car when I arrived at the Fox Rent A Car location.
1	"Your credit card is not charged."This is what the lady told me when I told her that I wanted to cancel.  Couple hours later, I see that my credit card is not only charged, but charged TWICE.  She actually charged me $200 for what I knew about and another $400 that I had no idea about.  It is such a waste of time and they are LIARS.  Even the corporate office is full of LIARS.  They told me they would refund me everything except $25 cancellation charge.  She also told me she will send me a confirmation e-mail in the next hour. It's been 24 hours and there hasn't been an e-mail.  My card is still charged.    Cheap but terrible service.  I would rather pay more for better service.
1	I tried to book online, but there was some sort of system crash when I booked, and I had to open up a chat to figure out what happened. It was pulling teeth to get them to resend me my confirmation. The chat agent wasn't very friendly.When we went to pick up the car, we upgraded to a slightly larger size, and we were told we were getting a discount, but the guy who rented us the car used some shady phrasing to upsell us on Insurance instead of the free option I'd selected online.We were at the Fox Rent a Car location for about an hour and a half, so this, mingled with the shady phrasing for the extra charge would be enough to warrant the bad review. But I also had an experience of my card information being stolen, and this is really the only time it could have happened. Another reviewer indicated their information being stolen. I think this place has some jaded employees.The employee who was helping me ran off to find our receipt, but he took my card with him to four different machines that all had photo copiers as well as printers. I had a bad feeling about it, though no proof - so I just kept an eye on my charges, and low and behold fraudulent charges started over the weekend to a Ramada Inn.I'll have need for frequent rentals in the future, and would have been able to put up with the long wait times. But the sneaky upsells and the suspicious stolen credit card are too much.I don't expect anything to come of this review, but if Fox reaches out to me with a resolution I will update.
1	IF YOU WANNA SPEND 1-2 HOURS WAITING IN LINE THEN COME HERE! Worst rental place I've been to! They only had 1 gentleman working and I know it's not his fault but with the constant shuttle brining more and more tourist to the car rental his bosses should've hired more people or something.. I'm not usually the type of person to bash any businesses but they was UNSAT! I'm not even a tourist so I can only imagine getting off a plane after sitting for 6 plus hours to only stand for another 1 or so... If only I can give a negative star!!
1	I reserved a car for my parents for their trip to Vegas over the weekend. They said the car was decent (it better have been for $300) but they had to wait in line 2 and a half hours to get the car. Thanks for nothing guys!
1	we had to wait an hour also, but it was expected after reading the reviews, so we were sorta prepared for the expeerience to be had...to be purely objective, the wait wasn't that bad...it was the condition of the vehicle...the car was dusty/dirty, the windshield wipers didn't work, the antenna was bent, and the van [Dodge Caravan] had "tons  of miles" and squeaks on it...I couldn't stand it. after picking up the vehicle, I HAD TO stop by a Chevron gas station along Las Vegas Blvd. to wash down the vehicle...
1	First off, let me start with the lines.  It is at least an hour wait just to talk to a person.  Once you get up there, they will try to charge for EVERYTHING!Yes, they are cheaper than alot of places, but once done with all the fees plus your time, you really aren't saving anything. Don't let me get started on the customer service!  They are very rude and just want you to spend more money!
1	Booked a car online. THE LINE FOR THE CAR WAS LONGER THAN MY FLIGHT! Think DMV worst case scenario. The wait was over an hour and 15 minutes and watching the employees slowly handling the transaction is very painful. I would never use this service again.
1	If you rent from Fox you have to take a second shuttle to get your car. Once you get to the office to check in be ready to wait over an hour for someone to check you in. They have 2 clerks with over 50 people in line. Place is dirty and run down. I would recommend any other rental car than Fox
1	HORRIBLE!!!! It's a Friday in Vegas and there are 3 customer service people working. We have waited over an hour. Will never rent here again. Use another car rental agency. Don't waste your time.
1	Never again at this Fox location! I've had good luck at the San Diego and Oakland Fox locations, but not here in Vegas.Our visit to Vegas last year was great outside of renting a vehicle here. Good rates but it stops right there. I  would of gladly paid more for a better experience. 2 shuttles to get the joint from the airport and a huge line of people with only 2 workers, taking almost an hour and a half to check in. We had a show scheduled to see on the strip that night but had to cancel cuz of the long wait and we were starving and wanted something to eat. Luckily, we got to see the show the next night with no penalty but seats were a little further away. Our car was a Fiat 500 which we hated. It was over a year old with 30k miles on it and ran and sounded bad. The arm rest was broken and just overall a cheap piece of junk car I would never rent again.I'm sure the manager will respond to this, apologizing that it's normally not like this. Most of these reviews are saying how long the lines are, so I believe this is common. Hire more help or something.
5	Another plus for Fox! They told me it could take up to 14 days for my debit/credit card to be refunded the $150 deposit. I am happy to say that I received the refund in less than TWO DAYS!! great experience and I will definitely use them again.
1	Rent a car elsewhere - pay up - unless you have an extra half a day vacation to pick up and drop off.  I value my time more than standing in line. Rode from airport to rental car terminal only to be told we had to take another bus to the Fox Facility.  Nothing, but lines and slow moving people.  40 people in line with 3 staff working.I made an online reservation thinking that would expedite the pick up - 2 hours later we had our car paperwork - then off to another line to obtain the car - brother.On drop off, one person checking in 6 cars then another line to stand in to get the final bill. Then another bus ride to the rental car return and another to the airport.Use Firefly or someone else!
3	Unbelievably long eait time, took longrr then my 45 minutes flight to get a car. You have to take TWO shuttles just to get there and back (add 30 mins). An hour in line on a Monday night at 9pm, I was dobe by 1030 or longer! An hour just to get to the first agent then another 20mins waiting outside for my car even though lots seemed available.  Return went faster. Gas station across the street so don't get the prepaid gas. Also you visa or other credit card may cover car rental insurance. I looked up a discount and got charged only 45$ for 4 days on an economy car. Also I was about to get an upgrade to a compact but car registration expired. Overall worth the price ONLY if you have the extra time. Agents were kind of polite even if overworked.
3	It was a 2 hour wait with online reservations, but after that everything was quick and smooth. This place needs more staff. The car was nice and the return was smooth. You get what you pay for, and you don't pay much.
3	I appreciate the quick response from Fox apologizing for the wait. Maybe it was just bad timing. Two more stars for customer service.
1	i am in line right now. have been for over an hour. i will never rent from this company again. this is NO deal!!!
1	This place is bait n switch unless you know what crooks you are working with and know how to handle them . Of course I'll share my experience and give you some tips !Some customers literally took 30-45 minutes at the counter while the clerks here tried to up sell every thing possible, gps, gas, insurance, car seat to people who obviously have no kids . Time is money! Efficiency is key! 2 sayings that have never been uttered in this building obviously.People you know they will ask you for your drivers license and credit card... Have it ready before you are next in line . Also have your confirmation number pulled up on your phone or on your print out ready to go... Come on!When I heard those golden words "Next customer" I felt like I hit the lotto. I passed the confirmation number to the clerk which was pulled up on my phone, and handed her my license and credit card. The next thing she said was do you was basic or premium coverage. Wait... What did u just ask me? What kinda question was that? Did you really just try to pull a fast one on me? Is that what they teach you during your training !!? Is that how you tricked those poor young girls into speaking with you for 45 minutes, holding up the line that was already going out the door?? I snapped back at her I don't want any coverage, no extras, I'll get my own gas, nothing additional!! My contract was printed immediately and I was out within 1-2 minutes. I think I set a record that day for being the fastest one out of the rental counter.Complaints about taking 2 shuttles you say... If you look at the location, you can see they are obviously located further away than most rental agencies..Yes I'm herra asian so I will be back here to save my $40, but don't get tricked into any up charges and don't let these folks waste your time either. Come prepared !
3	I once again rented from Fox Rent A Car. This is my 3rd or 4th time. I first rented out of Fox when they were smaller and much more efficient, it seems Fox may have gotten too big for their own good. Cause every time I go back it gets worse. This time upon arrival lines were long and employees were super unhappy. They tried to put on hidden fees on me which I knew were hidden having rented from them multiple times before. After waiting in line inside. I then had to wait outside for a car. While people were driving them in they were being cleaned and then turned around and rented out right after in and out. My car was clean but I was there for lets just say a while. With the other companies starting to come down on price, I have tried to remain loyal but Fox just keeps getting worse in customer service.
3	Horrible wait times but if you've ever rented before the time you go is important I was In and out In less then an hour and only paid 40$ for 5 days can't even come close by other companies..... The car was dirty with left over trash in the middle console.... But once again 9.35$ a day and state law doesn't require insurance so if you but it's because your a sucker or a horrible driver
4	Thanks Jay Ramirez for a great upgrade at a terrific price on Memorial Day weekend. Best experience at a car rental joint evah. After a long wait in line- the reason I can't give Fox LV 5 stars)-- Jay was personable, prompt, and very helpful without the customary high pressure pitch to buy prepaid gas, insurance, etc. and he gave me a great restaurant tip that got me off the crowded strip for a terrific Chinese meal. I also liked that Fox let me choose from several cars on the lot in my category. Okay, okay the restaurant is Joyful House.
4	I rented a car from these guys for a recent 10 day stay in Vegas. For me, the wait was worth the fact that I paid over $100 less than any other place quoted. From the point that I stepped of the plane to the point where I was driving off to pick up my friend was about 90 minutes. I arrived at 10pm on a Friday, so I'm assuming the wait could be worse at busier times of the day. However, the fact that they run a slim staff likely contributes to the fact that they offer much more affordable prices. I declined insurance coverage but took the prepaid gas offer. Some reviews on here complain about these guys trying to up sell, but really, that's their job. Don't get mad at them for doing it. Plus, some customers really can benefit from these offers. If you're not interested, just tell them that. Once I declined the insurance coverage, I wasn't asked again. The car had some dings which the attendant noted, so it wasn't an issue when I dropped it back off. Drop off was quick and easy. I didn't take the shuttle back to the airport as some other reviews had indicated some timing issues, however there was an empty shuttle there waiting, had I wanted to take it. I paid $200 for a 10 day rental which included my prepaid gas (I dropped the car off empty). I thought it was a great deal and if I need a car in Vegas again, I'll go to them.
1	Should have been half a star, this place sucks.  You have to get in a long line to check in, deal with unprofessional people, and then wait in another line to wait for your car, and then you have to get in another line to get out.  DO NOT GO HERE!  Not worth the money.  Go elsewhere like Avis.
2	The time it takes to catch shuttle twice from airport...plus the time in line may not be worth the savings. The line was long with not enough people working. On average you can pay $5/$10 more somewhere else and not wait for so long.
1	Not worth the few dollars saved versus the in terminal rental car companies. Took about 20 minutes to get to the rental car center. They had two clerks take care of 20 to 30 people. The two clerks are incredibly slow and took about 10 minutes per person. Had to wait an hour to pick up my car and I was the 10th in line. Avoid at all costs!
5	Great Fast Servise with smile !(Anna!!!) ...Chip Nice Simple! No problem! I will be Back jest Time!
1	I am giving 1 star since that is the minimum, would love to give negative infinity. I am going to describe my experience straight out.Fox rental location for McCarran airport is not where the other rental car locations are. Its 5 miles from airport, need to take 2 shuttles from airport to reach this location.... there went my 30mins... BANG.The line inside is super huge and Fox reps behind the counter are super slow. I was standing in line for 30 min before my turn. The Fox female who was taking care of me kept ranting as to how busy it is and how its past her working hours and its time for her to go home already... Counter time was decent, no complaints.Once I was done with paper work and stepped out to get my car, there was yet an another line...  for what? to get my car.  Looks like they were running short of cars and had to get in returned cars, clean them, and rent them right out... I had to wait for at least 45 min in this line. The car i got wasn't even clean, had beer bottles and trash in the trunk and when i informed about it to the guy who gave it to me, he didn't care to come take the trash instead said they wouldn't mind/charge me when i return the car with trash. So to get a rental from this location, its took me almost an hour and 30min, which should otherwise only take 30mins.Their customer service sucks. I was trying to call them to check if i  can drop car at airport as i was running late for my flight, first no one would answer call after 30 min of waiting on line. Once i selected option to reserve a car, rep on line right away, when asked about dropping car at airport location, they said they would charge $75 for towing. I am not sure if this is fair or not, but their location being 5 miles from airport and need of 2 shuttles had pissed me enough.Later when dropping the car at their location, the female who took the keys was very arrogant and kept pushing that i should get the return receipt despite me trying to explain her that i am running late for my flight.There was another line for collecting return receipt. The guy at counter who was giving the return receipt was rude as well. When i asked him "I m running late for my flight, do i really need to take the receipt", he shoved this " ya you do, and may be next time you will learn to be in time" .The company employees are very unhappy with their jobs and knows very well to let out the frustration on customers. Later i found $50 charged extra on my credit card, when called to ask, they said its $10 per additional driver thus $40 for days and $10 tax on it... i was surprised that the female at counter never mentioned about these fees when i added someone as additional driver.This place is very deceiving, you might get better rates for car/day but the time and other extra fees that you pay are too much for saving few bucks.I would never rent a car from this place, not even for free.
1	I picked up a car in San Diego and drove it to Las Vegas. I rented a convertible for just one day from 12:30 pm to 12:30 pm the following day. I got to see an agent at 12:41, which is the time they put on the contract for check out, but it took them a long time to get the car ready. The car was just out of the car wash when I finally got it so the outside was clean. The inside, however, was filthy. Thick grime on the mid console, some big yellow stain on the back seat (I was hoping it's just mustard, not what was left behind by a sick passenger). Nobody checked the car for scratches and damage. I noticed several when I inspected the car. I told the guy at the gate and he just handed me the check-out slip and I had to walk around and mark the scratches one by one. I left the premises well after 1 pm. I only realized later when I stopped for lunch that the remote did not work and I could not lock the car. At least the car was driving fine. A day later, I met my friend outside the Las Vegas office and we drove the car through the gate at 12:20, 10 minutes before the car was due in. There was a huge line but a guy came around soon. He scanned the bar code on the car, checked the car and gave us the check in slip. I was waiting for my $150 security deposit and about 5 days later I only got 40. I figured they must have charged me for something we did not have in the rental agreement but they did not send me a final invoice that would have allowed me to see what extra they charged, although they did have my email address. When I called to inquire, I was on hold for 5 minutes to speak to an agent, then I was transferred to some central customer service. I was on hold for 20 minutes. I finally got to speak to a representative and she told me they charged me an extra day because I returned the car a day late. I said I had the check-in slip stating that I did return it on the date I was supposed to. She said she will reimburse the extra charge if I send the copy of the slip to her. When I asked why they charged $110 when the daily rental fee was only $56, the representative lost her temper and raised her voice. (!) She said with a patronizing and upset tone something like "I said I will refund ALL the extra charges". That will be fine for me, I thought, although I did not even know what those charges were as I still did not have a final invoice.  I sent a copy of the check-in slip to the rep and waited 22 hours for a response. She said they need 3-5 business days to "verify your check in slip". In other words, now I was a liar trying to forge rental documents, too. The final bill I received had a few interesting things. 3 charge lines had charges for 2 days, 4 lines had charges for 1 day, and one line with 0 quantity read like this: 0 Hour(s) @ 18.91            $-10   (0 times 18.91 equals -10?) Someone did not do their math homework and probably just manually adjusted this line to offset a $10 late fee (that they should not have charged), which was in a different line.The amount of "Total charges" in the bill was $185.85. A $109.07 credit (close enough to the $110 I expected) appeared before the total but they only refunded $101.57.  When I complained, the rep said "I have reimbursed you $101.57" [because] "your final bill comes out to $193.35". This simply did not match the $185.85 in my receipt. I protested that my final bill should come to $185.87 because that is what I signed in the rental agreement and we had established that I incurred no extra charges. In her response, now without the usual civilized elements of business correspondence, she promised to refund the $7.50 missing from the $109.07 credit that they included in their final bill. This is still wrong and actually 2 cents more than they owed, but let it be their problem now.Needless to say, there were no apologies for the frustration or the time I wasted with investigating partial refunds and trying to make sense of incoherent bills that would make any decent accountant tear their hair out screaming.You think you may be saving money with these people but you will spend a lot of extra time waiting in lines, waiting for cars, or resolving other issues. Do yourself a favor and stay away from these people.
1	I knew the rules of engagement. Cheap car no frills. Off airport so you will have to take a shuttle to rental car center and then another shuttle to Fox since they didn't pay to be there. You save on taxes but that savings get taken away when they up charge you after you have given the car back. Shady at best. My $36 rental turned into $69 rental for less than two days and about 30 miles. At that rate should have just grabbed a cab and saves two hours plus because now I'm disputing it with the credit card company. What a waste of time and money. Like I said I understood going in I have two shuttles and a line but straight up trying to rob me by charging my credit card almost double after I left?  BEWARE!!!!!!!
1	Service was so SLOW!  We waited in line for 40min to pickup the car and then another 15min to return the car because they only had 2 people working.  I'm used to returning the car quickly without my paperwork, but this was not the case at Fox.  This was all after taking 2 different shuttles to get to the location.  It's far away from other rental car companies, which would have been OK had the service been speedy and much cheaper than the others, but it was only a $2 difference when we booked.  Next time, I'm going with another company!
2	Bad!! There were two different ride to their office. When I booked the car it did not say you had to make two shuttle rides. Once at the rental office, I waited in line for 30 mins. With the additional shuttle ride it took me an hour to get my rental car. The company's saving grace was the very nice man behind the counter , Walter. He wrote the book on customer service!! He was apologetic for the long wait. May be he should run the company.
1	worst place to rent a car. quite the unpleasant experience. the lines are a hour long and out the door.
4	My experience with Fox was actually really positive. There was no line when I got there, the customer service agent was very polite, no line to get the car and I got to choose the one I wanted in its class of course. The only reason I did not give 5 stars was because the interior of the car was not clean. The dashboard was very dusty and it smelled of smoke. I did a quick wipe down and freshened it up and it was ok, but I don't feel I should have had to do that. Overall, it was a great deal. I rented a Hyundai Elantra for under $100.00 for an entire week with everything included... You can't beat that!
3	I've rented from Fox for several years now. I remember when their rental place was a tiny trailer looking building, but obviously business has picked up over the years and they built a larger building.Yes, you need to take 2 shuttles from the airport to get here, but they run pretty frequently. This is the main reason why they are so cheap. There's a very high tax to rent from the main terminal. Keep that in mind when you want to complain about the 2nd shuttle.The cars they rent here are older and don't always have all the latest options in them, but they let you select any car from the class you purchase so you just have to hunt around with the cars.The cars will also have some scratches and a few small dings but they are all already marked on the paper that they know about it. I've never had a problem with returning a car and them complaining about the condition. Granted I've never dinged it, but they don't really care.The service here is fine so I suggest you go with it if you have a bit more time for pick up & drop off but if you're in a hurry both ways I suggest you pay more at one of the larger companies.
1	Car was dirty, desk person told me I was not a U.S. Citizen and therefore could not rent a car, regardless of the fact that I had not only rented from them a year ago and the fact that I had my DL out in front of him.  Took 15 minutes of arguing with this idiot before a co-worker (whom had been listening and not busy, but obviously ignoring the situation) came over and showed this guy how to work his mouse!  Literally the guy could not use the computer.  Then when I tried to return the car the people who worked the washers could not tell me where the booth person was...even though I had been waiting for 30 minutes.  They just kept telling me to wait "over there" and they all pointed in different directions.  I finally had to go inside and get assistance.  The same computer savvy guy was there and told me he could not help me (what a surprise), and to go wait outside again.  I told him I wanted to see a manager immediately and (what a surprise) he came outside all the while acting put-out that he had to leave the job he knows so well.  NEVER AGAIN!P.S. they will charge unsuspecting renters an airport fee.  THEY ARE NO WHERE NEAR THE AIRPORT and I am a local.  And a shuttle fee as well, even if you did not take the shuttle.
1	Was going into Vegas for the weekend and lock pared prices on the internet. Fix was. $10 cheaper than anyone else so decided to go with them. That was my biggest mistake out of many.1. There location is not located in the regular car rental hub in Las Vegas. You have to take a shuttle bus to the main rental location and transfer to another shuttle to get to the fix location. 2. Their customer service sucks. There must have been over 7 customers in line and only 1 employees was working while 3 were chatting away in the back office. How do I know this? There is a huge glass window to the back office where all the customers in line can see.3. When we finally got our car, it was so dirty my wife barley can see out of the front window. Bad bad bad. Not worth saving $10. Stay away
1	It's not located with all the other rent a car places, so you'll have to take 2 shuttles the get there.The shuttle stop you wait at in the main rent a car place has no shade, so make sure you have sun block on! They claim to come every 10 minutes, and maybe it might have just been the heat, but it felt like centuries.The wait at Fox was just ridiculous. I literally spent more time there than I did flying from Oakland. Their bathrooms are pretty gross too.They also gave us a different car than we requested. They were giving us a bigger sedan, and then last minute when we were getting the car, they tried to change it to a smaller car -.- even after we paid for the bigger one.When we got the car, there were scratches and pieces falling off everywhere. And they made us write down all the blemishes, shouldn't they have that on file already? The car looked clean on the inside but it smelled like pee. Nasty!
1	Will never, ever rent from Fox again.   If I could give them zero stars, that would be there rating!    Ugghhh.  So frustrating.
1	IS THERE ANYTHING LOWER THAN 1 STAR? THIS PLACE IS NOT ENTITLED TO ANY STAR!We rented a car from Fox via Priceline as it came out as the cheapest option. Not knowing there were so many hidden fees, undisclosed information, and simply riddled with inept and RUDE personnel we would have opted for another option. We were under the impression that the rental office was at the Airport (McCarran in Las Vegas) itself since that's where the address on the email confirmation said we should go to pick up our vehicle. When we go WENT to the McCarran airport, the Airport staffer assigned to the street entry way directed us to a Station 4 and said he did not know exactly where Fox was located however he said that their shuttle bus will be arriving on Station 4 shortly to bring us to this mysterious office. The shuttle bus driver did not even say anything to the passengers probably assuming we were REPEAT customers which is a very flawed assumption(very unlikely to have repeat customers!) This was a huge deception and was the beginning of our very bad experience with Fox. We finally got to the Fox office on Pebble and Las Vegas Bl., which we found was just 3 minutes from where we stayed, and definitely much closer of a drive than traveling to the Airport. Alma was the customer service front desk person that helped us, she was very nice to us however the explanation of obtaining insurance was pushed so hard and sold to us very aggressively. We did take the insurance and paid $430 for a 1 week. We were not given any choices of cars to choose from. We got a very basic Nissan Versa which was all manual windows, the engine was loud that you could not hear the radio inside and forget about any internal conversations even with the windows rolled up. We returned our vehicle on July 5 at 12 noon at the Fox Rental office on Pebble and Las Vegas Blvd. and had accidentally left a bag in the back seat (Wal-Mart grocery bag with some bath products and a receipt as we had intended to go to Wal-Mart to return these). the man who took in the car (check in) was very impolite, rushed things and did not even mention that we left the package (he checked every part of the car in and out so I am sure he saw it). The person who was in the booth was very rude, told us he was the only one there and is doing what he can..he did not even acknowledge us when we were standing for 5 minutes in front of his unattended/empty booth in 100+ degree weather and kept entertaining outgoing people. He later came to us and was rude and said bye in a very sarcastic way.  We came back 2 hours after remembering about the package and looks like a new shift took over as the man who took the car previously was not there anymore and they did not have an answer and one man was so rude and basically said something to the effect..if you leave something, it's gone....then they kept pointing fingers...I went in to the office spoke with a manager who did not sympathize and was virtually useless. Basically they (whoever ...could be 1 person) stole the package!!!! They are  VERY unprofessional....they lack a process...we will never come back to them and we will most definitely tell all our friends/families about them as well so that they are saved from this pathetic very sub-standard car rental company.
1	Horrible! deceiving & conniving salesmen. Salesman "roger" took me for an $80 ride for car insurance, after I said id use my own because it'd be covered by my credit card company. However, upon returning my ECONOMY sized rental, that was supposed have been $9 a day, I got slammed with a $305.63 bill for 4 days!!! Luckily,  I noticed the charges while I was waiting for the shuttle, so I went to talk to the saleswoman at the counter,  she directed me to the store manager. He than insulted my by laughing in my face, accusing me of wanting the refund only after I returned the car. However,  that was not the case. He asked for my contract,  I gave it to him. He literally threw the contract in my face telling me you initialed here saying that I'd take it. I said no, and explained that my credit card company was covering the insurance. Long story short,  he was unhelpful and clearly lacks customer service.  Flew home and contacted fox again to speak to someone who could help me. Spoke with "peggy', very helpful!  She suggested that I call monday because their billing office had been closed for the weekend & holiday and told me to ask for "peter". However,  he did just as much as the store manager.....nothing! He than went off of the store managers report saying that he did offer me 20% off of my next purchase. 1st of all not once did the store manager offer anything to me. 2nd, WHO in their right mind would be a return customer after that? A word to the wise, THESE SALESMEN MAKE COMMISSION OFF OF EVERY INSURANCE POLICY ADDED TO YOUR RENTAL. DONT ASSUME THEYRE HONESTY,  JUST BECAUSE THEY SWEET TALK YOU AND SEEM GENUINE. FOX RENT A CAR, dont treat your customer 2nd rate. They're the ones feeding YOUR family and paying YOUR bills. Put yourself in their shoes and see how you'd feel.  FIRST AND LAST TIME IM EVER GOING THERE!
1	TERRIBLE.  We travel often, rent cars often, this is by far the worst service and product we've ever received.1.  Long shuttle from the airport.  (could be overlooked if it wasn't for the rest of this.)2. NO RESPECT FOR CUSTOMERS.  We arrived & there was about 20 people in line.  There was 1 representative at the service desk.  A couple more slowly came out & after about 20 mins they had 3 reps on. After about an hour we FINALLY got called up.  Right away, a rep came to tell our rep he was now taking his break. There was now about 30 customers in line.3. In Canada we don't have credit card symbols on our debit cards so we called ahead to make sure we'd be able to use our debit card for the deposit.  We were told we could use this card so we didn't make other arrangements. They refused the card.  They finally accepted a large cash deposit (after about 20 mins of arguing).  We were told it would take 2 weeks for the return of the deposit which would be in the form of a check in the mail.  4. Because of the cash deposit, they refused to rent us the SUV we reserved.  We were traveling with 6 people. The biggest car we could get held 5 people & wouldn't have held our luggage.  They FINALLY decided they could rent us a minivan but they made sure we knew what a big favor they were doing us because this wasn't allowed normally.5. Time we arrived:  about 10pm.  Time we finally left parking lot:  12am (TWO FULL HOURS).  We even did the reservation online prior to our arrival.  I've never had it take this long from any other company.6. On the way back to the hotel we noticed a puke smell, but decided to wait until the next morning to return it.  BIG mistake.  It was hot & the puke smell was gagging us, even with all the windows open.  We found puke all down the back of the seat in the middle row & on the back bench.  We went back to exchange the car & they didn't have any!  We had to drive with that all day.  ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING!  We ended up walking most of that day.7. My husband went back the next morning as soon as they opened.  We got a new van.  This one didn't stink.   YES, PROBLEMS ARE OVER!8. NOPE!!!!!  THIS TIME THE BREAKS WERE SHOT!  They were literally metal on metal.  We didn't bother returning it, we just drove it.  We'd spent about 4 hours of our time to get this stupid van, & we were done.  When it was returned a 'note' was made about the brakes not working.9. It's now 5 weeks since we left Vegas, no check yet, so my husband called to see how long ago they'd sent the return of the deposit.  They hadn't sent it yet. They say they're issuing it now, but it remains to be seen if they do.THIS COMPANY IS COMPLETELY INCOMPETENT.  NEVER RENT HERE!  WE READ THE BAD REVIEWS BUT THOUGHT IT WILL SAVE US A BIT OF MONEY & THERE WERE A COUPLE GOOD REVIEWS.  I'D HAVE FAR RATHER PAID THE EXTRA $100 TO GO TO A BETTER COMPANY!  I'D HAVE PAID $500 EXTRA NOT TO HAVE TO DEAL WITH THAT NONSENSE!
4	I was a little apprehensive renting from Fox in Vegas after I read the reviews, but the rental was very good, although I'm waiting for my deposit credit. The staff was pleasant and helpful in keeping the price down..even gave me a credit for using a cab to get to the rental lot instead of the shuttle bus. Car was nice, no problems with drive to LA and back to Vegas. Facility and service was good or better than most and the price was excellent. A gas station was close to the rental lot. Would use again. But make sure you inspect the car thoroughly for dents and scratches before driving off and keep the small inspection paper!
1	If I can give this place negative infinity stars I would.  Just a basic summary of my experience:1. Location is A LOT further than the other airport rentals.  Had to take an extra shuttle on top of the original shuttle to the main rental center.  Place was run down and dirty.  (Think old dilapidated dirt lot in the middle of the dessert)2. From landing to getting a car WILL take you over 1.5- 2 hours guaranteed. Employees look like they don't give a damn. NOT WORTH IT.3. Front desk will try HARD to sell you supplemental insurance using shady tactic.  The way they explain it, it seem you either had to get the basic or the premium.  Just tell them no for everything.4. Cars are high mileage (some 60k+ miles) and dirty.  They literally sprayed returning cars with water and no vacuum and left it out to air dry.  5. Upon returning pay careful attention to the final bill.  I got charged $52 for a one day rental when it should have been $37.  Argued for 15 mins where the extra $15 came from.  Gave me bogus replies that made absolutely no sense whatsoever.  Finally she said she will "do me a favor" and discount me the $15.  Really?!  Do me a favor!!? Please DO NOT rent from this place unless you want to waste an extra 1 hour and have migraines upon check-in and check-out.  Their practices, ethics, and customer services is really so bad i do not wish this experience even upon my enemies.PS.  To Diane B.(Fox Rent A Car Business Manager):  Please no do not ask me to reply to a customer care manager to "make it right".  The massive amounts of negative reviews here should be a wake up call thatManagement has no leadership and ethics.The company is in a financial cliff and customer service is secondary.Employees dont give a shit.Practice is borderline shady and criminal.LET ME REPEAT IF YOU STILL DONT GET IT.........DO NOT RENT FROM HERE!
5	This review is way overdue. I moved to Vegas in January and needed a car to get around. I was very hesitant to go here after reading the reviews. Before taking the shuttle I stocked up on snacks for the long wait. The driver was polite and told me about the best areas to live. I've been to Vegas to visit, but it's different transferring here to live. Once at their location there was a line, but the wait wasn't nearly as long as some of the reviews stated. The sales people pulled up my reservation. They offered their insurance, I declined because it was a online reservation and I pre purchased insurance. When my transaction was completed, I went to pick up the car. The guy was nice. He should me where the car was. I ended up renting with them twice before my car arrived from the east coast.  I never had a problem renting or returning either car. I was prepared for the worse and it never came.
4	I did not pick up here, only dropped off.  I knew ahead off time this was not by the return center, so I allocated an extra 45 minutes in my drop off time. Dropped my friends at airport and it was a 15 minute drive to Fox location. When I arrived I was greated by a nice chatty gentleman in less than a minute. He asked me if any issues with car. He checked car in no time. Gave me a slip and told me to go to other counter for receipt. That was close and took less than a minute to print out. The only resaon this is not 5 stars was the 10+ minute wait for shuttle to take from Fox to Rental center. I was told 10-15 minutes, but knowing that this is just the first shuttle. They probably need more busses running from here.  I know most of the complaints were for pick-up. I wanted to post this to say return was a breeze
3	We rented a car here for the first time. The actual site is about 3 miles from the general airport car rental area. That didn't bother us because we're locals. There was nobody in line so we got in and out pretty quick.  They had about 4 cars to choose from in our category.  One reeked of smoke and another one had a horrible looking stain on the front seat (not sure what it was but didn't want to sit on it). All of the cars were filthy inside and we're covered in scratches/scrapes all over the outside.  We found the one with the least amount of damage and were on our way. When I got home I immediately wiped down the inside of the car (It was disgusting). We had no issues returning the car when we were done. The rental price was very cheap and we definitely got what we paid for. Don't think we'll be back though.
1	I agree with Kahanu Z!  Biggest ripoff company in Las Vegas!!   We were taken for a $800.00 ride. We were given some song and dance about needing a special insurance for Las Vegas. We were hot and tired so we were not paying attention. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY
1	One of the worst car rental experience I have ever had and I travel a lot.  The checkin counter people scares you in taking their insurance.   Their tactics are terrible and should be reported.  The guy at the counter said the smallest scratch would cost 28 days of lost revenue.  Then when you went around the car the guy said don't report anything smaller than the length of a pen. So which way is it?  During checkin the guy asked if my father would be driving and he said it will be good to have two drivers.   He did not mention the additional cost per day for the additional driver.   The car we got was so dirty on the inside you had to wonder if it was even serviced. Let's not forget the pre existing damage on the exterior of the car.  Shuttle service was infrequent and the drive to and from the rental center took forever.  I will never rent from a fox again!!!!
1	BEWARE!!!  Worst car rental experience I have ever had and I travel for a living. First, they are NOT located at McCarran Car Rental Center, so when you get off the bus there, you then take another bus about 2 miles away to the Fox location.  It's dirty and run-down. Then after waiting in line for a long time while 3 clerks that weren't helping anyone sat around visiting we were finally waited on. I was charged. $150 deposit that would not be refunded until 5 days after my return date, even though I paid with a credit card. I have never heard of such a thing. The clerk told me that it was because they were so cheap. When she was done with my paperwork, she instructed me to go outside and wait in another line to hey my car. Another LONG line. As we waited, I heard the outside attendant tell a customer that had rented an economy car that they were all out of economy cars so they could have the last full size car. When she came to me she tried to get me to take a 2 door hard top Mustang, which is much smaller inside than the car I reserved. I refused so she told me that I would have to wait on hour or two for the next full size car. I pointed out that I had RESERVED a full size car and asked for a refund. My wife and I had to then walk with our luggage in 110 degree heat to the nearest gas station to call a cab. I will never use Fox Rental Car in Las Vegas again!!!
4	I rent from fox all the time and I just had a crazy experience with being charged twice for a day that I extended. Now I know some people would be pissed BUT I called customer service and it was taken care of. No stress. Now with regards to the service here, I like it. I haven't had a bad experience and yes, there is a wait to check-in and get your car but what do you expect, there are a lot of people traveling to Vegas and I've rented at the McCarran airport where all the car rental places are and the wait was actually longer than what I would wait here at fox. The people are nice and smile and they will tell you to get insurance but if you say no they won't force it. It's their job people! And then I get a car that is cheap on gas and reliable and the bonus is it was cheap to rent compared to most car rental places. So there really isn't much to complain about. I like the location because at least, when you're returning the car you can get any cheap gas company nearby unlike at the McCarran car rental place, it's near one gas station THAT charges an arm and a leg for gas. So overall, I like fox and regardless of bad experiences other people have had, I will continue renting here.
1	Seriously the WORST car rental company I have ever experienced. Here's what to expect if you ever decide to rent a car from FOX in Vegas (please save your time and money and choose a different car rental company)- The rental office is offsite, you'll need to take 2 shuttles from the airport. They claim it's to save the airport fees and pass on the savings to the customer. I would be fine with it IF in fact we did save money but they sneak in other charges as well which makes it just as expensive, if not more than other rental companies - The customer service is nonexistent there and everything takes forever because there are no workers! There were 2 workers taking their time with a line of 20 ppl. You'll end up waiting in line for a good hour to get your rental car. Then wait even more to have someone check out your car and open the gate. You literally have to hunt down a worker for every step of the check out process. - Check your receipt before you sign anything! We made the mistake of not reviewing the receipt carefully and were charged extra for the insurance AND an upgrade (which seemed complimentary from the clerk at the time)Ugh, this place is a huge waste of time and money. Never again!
5	Just rented from Fox for a 9-day driving trip out West,where I picked up a full-sized SUV in Phonix and dropped off said SUV in Vegas. Prior to this trip, I had never heard of Fox, but after reading all of the scathing reviews on this site, I was very nervous about what I would encounter when I went to pick up my car in Phoenix.  Still, Fox was more than $500 cheaper than the major rental car companies because of the dreaded one -way surcharge, so I had to take a chance. I am so glad that I did! I can honestly say that I had a wonderful experience with Fox. I wouldn't hesitate to use Fox again  and would highly recommend Fox to friends, family and anyone on this site. The pick-up experience in Phoenix was seemless and we were given a new, clean, low-mileage  Tahoe. The rental car counter in Phoenix was in the same location as all of the major rental companies. There was no line there and the price on the contract was exactly as quoted in my reservation. We had absolutely no problems with our vehicle throughout our more than 1K miles of driving.  Our drop-off experience was also seemless - no lines, hassle or hidden charges.  My only complaint is that the drop-off location in Vegas was a bit convenient and required two shuttle rides, but this minor inconvenience was well worth the hundreds of dollars that we saved!
2	Fox car rental is cheaper than the more popular car rentals but its miles from the airport. You have to take two shuttles from the McCarran  Airport to get to Fox.  Rather inconvenient. The lines move slow once at the check in counter.  Won't use them again.
4	So I have now experienced renting with FOX from both Burbank and most recently, Las Vegas... This review is for Las Vegas and my Burbank review is a little further down if you're interested.  GETTING THERE: After being dropped off near the airport from the Megabus drop-off terminal, we took the "free" shuttle to FOX.AT FOX: On a Sunday, near the end of August, there was one party in front of us at around 1:30pm. So basically no wait. We also lucked out because it was the end of summer and all weekend rental cars had been returned so there were PLENTY of cars ready for renting. Also, the person behind the counter was very friendly and detailed about all rental fees and agreements. THINGS TO KNOW: They run a credit check so make sure you have a card handy or just some way for them to check your credit. Sounds simple, but you'd be surprised. Also, they do place a $150ish hold that will be returned within 5-6 business days of you returning the rental. Don't worry about running late to pick-up your rental (we were 30 mins late) because they hold your reservation for 17 hours after your reservation time. We gave them a call just to be safe."HIDDEN FEES": Yes, I was quoted $44 for my rental for the entire trip online when I first made the reservation, and ended up paying around $99 instead for the 2 days (which was still cheaper than other rental rates in Vegas at the time). I ended up purchasing the basic insurance for $19.99/day and I added another driver to the car, for an additional $10/day. I could've gone without the basic insurance, but because Nevada is a "no-fault" state, I didn't want my personal insurance company to have to deal with anything related to the rental since many people are drunk and driving in Vegas 24/7, let's be real...I went for the $10/day to add another driver because they said that if for some reason someone else is driving the rental and stopped, said person would go to jail and the car would be impounded. It sounded a little farfetched but, again, it was all for the peace of mind.Also, there is a minimal transportation fee for taking the FOX shuttle to and from the airport so it's "not really free" but still very convenient.THE CAR: We got this little white Chevy Spark with manual door-locking which sucked BUT the air conditioning worked and that's all I needed. RETURN: Easy. Pull up, leave the car running, doors open, and take your stuff out of the car. MAKE SURE YOU HAVE BOTH FORMS THEY TELL YOU TO KEEP AND GIVE TO THEM UPON RENTAL RETURN. The very friendly attendant Leroy, looked over our car and told me that I would be receiving the $150 holding fee back in my account in a few days, pointed us to the shuttle back to the airport, and that was that!Since I'm now aware of all these "hidden fees" I can probably calculate what I'd really be paying versus what I'm quoted online and choose from there. Overall, a great experience yet again :)
5	Been here a couple times for some Cali road trips and the service has always been great. Their rates are really reasonable and I've never had any problems with the cars. It's the only place I go for rentals now.
3	Not too bad, but can better. The rate they give on line are doubled once you go to pick up your car.  All the cars was dirty, smelly & had dents.  They have nice cars to choose from.  Their shuttle ppl where very nice
1	I wish I could give a negative star! What an awful place! I get a receipt for $135.50, but my credit card was charged $285.50!!! Opened a dispute with my credit card company! Horrible service and lots of pressure to buy their insurance.
5	I had a car rented for almost 3 weeks, it was in good condition, and when I returned it, forgot my sunglasses there. I called their lost and found, and was contacted back and confirmed that they found it and was shipped to me. Thanks for taking care of this, Mr Carberry!!!
1	Hello Diane, you replied stating that it is a busy time of the year but what I don't understand is what does being busy season have anything to do with the several staff messing around in the back office when 7 different customers are waiting in line and 1 out of 4 decide to do their job?Also what does busy season have anything to do with anything to supply customers with a car that does not look like the car just came back from off roading when 4 of your staff in charge of cleaning cars are hanging out next to the car wash machines doing nothing but talking? Please don't insult me or any of the yelp reviews with your pathetic attempt of a excuse. It's much better to to admit to problems and come up with a solution to improve your business. At worst case, tint the damn managers window so customers can't see the staff goofing off...
1	I honestly believe it is in their policy to make you wait a minimum of 30 minutes when you get there. There are 12 counters and never more than 3 employees working them. If your reservation is incorrect you Must go Online yourself and rebook it, they can't do it for you or do walk in reservations! Extremely disappointing!!
1	This place sucks.. Especially if you partied all nite and are hungover and have to wait for 45 minutes for a car..
2	Too far from airport. Lines are ridiculously long. Waited almost 30 minutes before we got to the counter.
1	I rented fox car 3 time in 2014 . Every time they charge more than what is promised. This time when I rented the car and they put wrong time and charged me 47 dollars for 4 hours. They charged wrong price and blame on price line. I am never going there again
4	I feel like many people are skeptcal of Fox because of their super low prices, but I had no issue at all!Me and my best friend went on a 7 day trip from Las Vegas, to Zion, back to Vegas this week for my birthday!  Every car rental I looked at over the dates were at LEAST $300 + for the week. Most in the $400s.  All for Economy cars. Ummmmm no!Fox was under $150 for the entire week... SCORE!  It is a little extra leg work to get to the  rental center, as you have to take the shuttle from the airport to the rental car center, and then a separate shuttle to get to Fox.  It only added about 15 minutes to the total time, though!  To save $200, I can deal with that.The only thing I disliked was how pushy the guy helping us (Hernando) was at buying insurance.  I understand explaining the perks of it once, but once I say no, I mean no.  He must have pushed it on me 5 times.  It gets annoying after a while, but I'm sure his tactics work on many.The cars themselves seem a bit worn (some stains on the seats and minor scrapes on the exterior), but still get the job done. We loved our car.  It was a Chevy Spark, so a little small, but it fit all of our luggage (and us) perfectly!  He was so cute and yellow and we named him Little Stick of Butter.  We miss you, Lil' Stick!The return was really quick and easy, and the shuttle drivers were very friendly and helpful with loading/unloading luggage onto the vehicle.
1	The worst rental car facility, I'd ever had to deal with.  First of all, the wait for the shuttle bus was almost 30 min and was told every 10 min.   Upon entering the line to check in it takes on average at least 15 minutes to check just 1 person in.  The agent (Walter) was very condescending and just plain rude.         This has been my second time at Fox Rent a  Car LAS and will be the last.  You have to take 2 separate shuttle busses to get to this location.
1	I needed to rent a car and I called a cab company to drop me off, I am handicapped and asked the cab driver to drop me off close to the door entrance, he did when a employee of Fox yelled at him and told him you can't stop there nd get he hell out and go to the other entrance 200 plus yards away. My  driver explained my disabled feature and the fox  employee yelled he didn't care and he would give the cab driver a ticket if he let me out. I told the driver take me to enterprise and told the fox employee he lost a customer for life
1	BAIT AND SWITCH. Buyer Beware. Reserved a "Yukon or similar" and got an Explorer. Had to pay an upgrade to get an Expedition. Eventually, after days of wrangling, they refunded me the upgrade, but just know they will let you reserve one kind of vehicle and then will stick you with another.  NOT REPUTABLE. DON'T RENT FROM THEM.
4	We had booked a small SUV, because of unavailability we got upgraded to a Jeep Wrangler with just over 10k miles on the clock. Vehicle was clean inside and outside. Everything was fine. 4 out of 5 stars only due to the location - which results in a time consuming extra bus transfer.
1	Don't be fooled, it says this location is at the airport, well it's not, huge inconvenience when your not prepared!!
1	I would like to register a customer service complaint! I rented a vehicle (compact) from your Las Vegas location this past weekend; and to my dismay, I am thoroughly disappointed from the condition of the vehicle to the lack of professionalism at the counter (upon the return).I am a previous customer at several different locations, as well as, the Vegas location. The Nissan Versa that was given to me was dirty! I asked for a car wash and I was told that it had been washed. However, the windows were too dirty for me to safely drive at night! I had to clean them myself!! The "coup de gras" was once I arrived at my location; I discovered the vehicle did not have any power windows, doors or locks!! Nor did it have a trunk latch!!! WHO RENTS VEHICLES LIKE THAT??!!!! I was extremely inconvenienced with 3 other passengers the entire weekend!! I've rented numerous vehicles (economy to luxury) across the country, and never have I experienced a vehicle with no power windows and door locks. NEVER!!!Also, the lack of professionalism that I encountered upon check out at the counter just because I wanted to pay CASH is unheard of!! From my understanding, CASH is still GOOD! However, your company obviously frowns upon CASH. I was informed of your policy of EXACT CASH upon my return, not at the origination of the contract. After my "curt" discussion with Joe, I reluctantly paid via credit card. In the midst of my transaction, Joe rudely engaged in an conversation (in their native tongue) with his co-worker Jay sitting adjacent to him. I found that quite unprofessional and rude!! All around, your company has sunk to a new low with rental vehicles and customer service!! I will look elsewhere to spend my rental car money!!!!
1	Cheap price equals poor customer service and dirty cars with flat tires. The guy at the counter was condescending and obnoxious he took forever & barked at us like we owed him a favor.  Then we load up our luggage, all the cars were filthy inside and out so we picked the least filthy one. The tire light was on and when we told the guy in the lot he said it came on because of the weather. Really?  The entire experience was horrible.
1	Oct 23, 2014 .this date when  I rented the car and I am very very angry and disappointed. The site was no near the Airport for one. Then the employees were not fast enough on check in and returning  that made customers wait in line for hours.  So here was my big problem. After I returned the car with full gas tank. They still charges my Visa for full tank of gas and they made a big mistakes on using other customers Visa card for crediting back my deposit of $150  I called them and I also  filed a dispute to my card company. The fox manager tried to credit me back in small increments to my Visa and  until now they haven't credit me back for the full amount after so many phone calls I made. I will just let my card company to do it for me since I am very tired and angry. If you get a cheap price you also get a cheap and annoying deals with the employees. And the time lost of your vacations on shuttle back and forth to the site and long waits in line is not worth of your time so please check it out before you decide.
4	I didn't want to spend alot on a car rental cause I wanted to rent a UTV while on vacation and I am soooo happy I use Fox rental. Custom service and the cost was prefect. Con's are that you have to get on a bus at the airport go to the car rental terminal then get on a second bus to get to Fox rental. It feels like it took 30 minutes so waiting in line when you get there is a little hard to swallow. But I will be using them again. They are cheap and the cars are clean that's all I need to make me happy :-D Well and the pick up time can't be too crazy tho they are right on the cuff as far as that goes.
1	The worst experience I've had renting a car! Booked what the site called a "full size SUV (Chevy Tahoe or similar size)" online 6 months ahead of time. Got to the desk with my email confirmation stating the same and they told me that I booked a Ford Explorer/Van, that this was the "similar vehicle". That is NOT the same size vehicle. If you want the bigger you have to pay a premium. The excuse at the desk was that they do not carry Tahoe's in Nevada and they have nothing to do with what the website says.  I really wish I had read the reviews prior to booking because it would have saved me a lot of headache. Skip over this place and take your business elsewhere. Do not fall for the bait and switch! If you do make the mistake of using them, be sure to tell them you drove there so they waive the $20 hidden fee for taking the airport shuttle there!
1	Don't rent here unless you got an hour and a half of your vacation to waste.  17 people in front of me when I arrived here.  Been here 20 minutes and the line has moved by two people.  There are three people behind the desk working on thanksgiving week.  Take your business elsewhere even if it means $2 more a day.  I'm never renting from here again.
1	Me and a group of friends were travelling from Las Vegas to San Diego so we rented 2 cars. When we got to the fox rental office in Las Vegas it was problem after problem. First off we were told we HAD to pay for liability insurance even though we had taken out separate insurance, the guy said it was state law but they would let us rent the cars without it but if we were stopped by the cops we would be in trouble, not being from the states we took out the liability insurance but not the full insurance even though he tried to pressure us into getting it as well. The second thing is he wouldn't take debit card EVEN THOUGH it was a 'visa' card, and after a debate he finally got his manager who said ok we'll take it and hey presto the charges went through fine.We got 2 ford fusions, one of which was perfect, the other was not. The second car had a max speed set, a max volume on the radio at about 50%, air con not working and a rumbling noise. This car was returned later that day and swapped which wasn't a big deal but it was a hassle as this office is out of the way, the cars should be checked and maintained to a higher standard, at least with working air con for our drive in August! I returned the car on time, to the office in san diego and the guy said that I would receive my deposit within a week. Three weeks past, still no deposit so I decided to contact them.. No response.. Contacted them again by email.. No response.. These people have not refunded my deposit and will not even answer my questions or deal with the issue? I don't even know if they have customer service as no one has bothered to get back in touch with me.
1	Horrible rental car place! Do not go here! The service was horrible, the prices weren't even that good. To get there from the airport, you have to take the shuttle to the rental car canter and then take another shuttle to their location, which is a huge waste of time and really annoying after being on a plane all day. Their office is dingy and disgusting. Nothing to like about them. I actually walked out without going through with the rental after having to deal with them and took the shuttle back to the rental terminal to rent with budget instead. Just ridiculous!
1	Don't Rent! Rates are only few bucks cheaper than AirPort rental but they are not anywhere close to the air-port, you have to change two shuttles to get to them. staff is not helpfull and cars are not clean. i don't recomment renting from these guys.
1	Very long wait, with too few counters open. If time is a consideration I'd opt for a different company.
1	One person working tonight, with 13 people in line... Here's a tip. Pay the extra money at Enterprise or wherever you are thinking about renting a car from.
1	We reserved  a mid sized car and they gave us a Yaris! Can u imagine a Yaris for a family of 5 with 2 teenagers over 6 ft tall? We got refund of $25 for having to drive back the next day and wait in the rental car lineup ..... again.
2	Understaffed, slow, long wait lines.Price may be cheaper than other locations.This is an off-site rental location. In order to get to this office, you have to take one bus from the airport and then switch to another mini bus. The extra ride is approx 5 mins more, but the wait times at this rental location are just draining.
1	Don't rent from here. One of the most unprofessional staff we've delta with. First we rented on a Saturday evening but the car selection they had left was terrible. We were left with a old ass model that we had to do everything manually including rolling down the windows.. couldn't even find the back trunk opener. We were told by the man at the check out gate that we can come back and exchange the car if we don't like it free of charge and no problem. Now we're currently here swapping out for a newer car and the fucken rude employee is going to tell us we don't have a valid reason to wanting to swap out our car even when a different employee said it was fine. I'm just saying, customers service comes first and if you're unhappy with your job, get the fuck out of here and find a new job! Now we picked a new car and it's not even clean. Haven't you Heard of vacuuming the car and wiping down nasty ass coffees stains from the precious renter! I will never rent with fox again!
1	My husband and I were looking for an inexpensive car to rent. We certainly found inexpensive with Fox, but we also found the worst rental car company we have ever dealt with. We rode the bus from the rental car building to Fox. Then, we waited in line for 45 minutes behind 10 other customers. Once we reached the desk, the man seemed very nice and pleasant to work with. When my husband turned down the insurance, however, the man stopped being nice, friendly, or helpful. He gave us the rental agreement and said, "Go to shelter 9." When we got to shelter 9, we stood in another line with a lot of angry, frustrated customers who were turning in vehicles. It was clear no one knew what to do to rent or turn in their car. The person working behind the desk was not behind the desk and other employees could not be found. Finally, someone told us to go find a car in number 6. With a mob of other people, we managed to get a scuffed up, old Corolla with 42,000 miles on it. We plan on arriving 5 hours before our flight in order to turn in the car. We hope it's enough time. We will not be repeat customers, nor do we recommend Fox to anyone else.
2	When I picked up at Phoenix the service was good. It was quick but nobody did a walk thru with me. Upon looking at the car I notice several scratches all over the rear of the car. Once I reached my destination I noticed several scratches underneath the front of the car that were hard to see at first. I immediately called and the lady on the phone was helpful and made a note. Upon dropping off at the airport the staff was rude! By the way the car was given to me without a full tank of gas even though they told me it was full. The seats were filthy! Stains everywhere. It was gross. Then they accused me of doing everything. I will never rent from Fox again.
5	Love the service was in & out everyone was super friendly. Prices are cheap and cars are in great condition.
5	The staff is really friendly and helpful,  Eduardo the manager is excellent. He made sure all my needs were met and gave me a great discount. Fox rental is awesome you can find great discounts on Priceline.com
