1	I signed up with Quick n' Clean about 3 weeks ago in their monthly special which lets me get my car washed once a day if I want, for just 20 bucks. Cool right? Well, it has been great the last 3 weeks because I get off work around 6pm, and on my way home I stop by the car wash for a nice cleaning (they close at 7pm). Well, Wednesday I get there just after 6:30pm and it's all closed up!! What? Their sign says 7pm, there's no signs indicating a reason for this early closure...I'm so annoyed and confused! I skipped Thursday, because I had the intentions to call down there and yell at someone...but I forgot. So this morning I go in the morning (thank goodness they were open - I mean they were supposed to be, but who knows any more, right?). So I pull up and the gate opens and there's some idiot in a parked car who I wave to, to come over to my car and he just stares at me. I continue to wave and in the mean time I let another car in the other lane go in front of me, so the guy noticing that I'm not going away walks over to me and is like "can I help you?" and I was like "yeah, what time do you guys close?" Him: "what?"Me: "What time do you close? You're sign says 7pm."Him: "Uh, no, we don't stay open THAT late any more, not when it gets so dark early."Me: "Oh yeah? When you close now?"Him: "6:30"Me: "Well, it would help if you decide to change your hours that you let your customers know. I get off work at 6pm and the ONLY reason I decided to do the monthly special is because of your hours."The moron just stares at me like he could careless...which is probably exactly what he was thinking. Am I wrong to ask for a little common courtesy? Is it CRAZY or UNREASONABLE to ask that my car wash to be consistent with their hours of operation? If this idiot really is a manager, then what a sad, sad excuse for a manager he is - He has terrible customer service skills and an obvious disregard for other people's time and money. Does 30 minutes really make THAT much of a difference?? And if so...WHERE'S the signage for people like me who will just assume the official sign that says 7pm is what the official time should be...I wouldn't recommend this place to ANY ONE on Yelp and definitely not a single one of my friends. There's a car wash on Gilbert and Baseline and another one on Alma School, just south of Southern. Take your pick; both have nice people and service you can count on.
4	Okay, so I filed a complaint with Star Command (upper management) and I explained how I was treated and how upset their manager made me feel - and they not only addressed my issue with the manager, really tried to make it right with me. They ended up refunding my money with no problems and apologized for the way he treated me. Because of the way they handled me (and I was not happy), I'm impressed by the care they took to make things right. I would recommend this location with the assumption that you'll be taken care of if things go south.
5	Great CarWash! For $3 (YES THREE DOLLARS) you get fully sudsy automated wash, with clean fresh water. I used to live in Cleveland, and for $10, you got mud water, and a few soap bubbles.. that's it. PLUS AT QUICK N CLEAN... FREE VACUUMS. Yes. You heard me. FREE VACUUMS. Reason #250738538 Living in Phoenix rules! Car Washes like Quick N Clean!
1	So they advertise a three dollar car wash but when you get to the kiosk someone tries to up sell you and when you say no thank you, they inform you that the three dollar wash is actually six dollars now and the three dollar wash is actually just a touch up. whatever that means?  They are advertising at the street for a three dollar car wash!!
4	This is my go to spot for car washes. Once upon a time I used to hand wash my car all the time. I don't have time for that anymore. I also don't have a bunch of cash sitting around to pamper my car with fancy car washes. I've heard from plenty of car wash owners and friends that the brushes at the cheap automated car washes such as these are not too good for the finish and paint of your car. So as awesome as these reviews are, if you have a newer car  or your Honda rice rocket is your pride and joy, pay the extra money. For everyone else, like me, this place is the best. My car is always looking fly and my friends always compliment how the inside is so clean. This location will always have a special place in my heart since it was the first time I even ever did an automated car wash, I'm like a little kid looking around and watching everything.
5	This place would make a killing in the Los Angeles area!
2	Wash isn't very good. Had some dried bugs on front of the car & passenger side window. $12 super wash removed NONE of them. After reading reviews how awesome this place is I was VERY disappointed. Free vacuums are nice, but who cares if the outside is still dirty?  I've been to WAY better.  :(
5	Hell yeah! $3.00 dollars for an automated wash and free vacuums that will seriously suck anything and everything out of your carpets for as long as you need to use them. My car was so clean after this place, that I didn't even mind having to do the interior myself. Awesome!
5	Shame on me for taking so long to write this review, do you forgive me??I am at this dang place at least twice a week ( a little OCD) but I am always in and out. I love this place. FREE VACUUMS ! I cannot stand when my car is dirty and it's so nice to be able to pull in and get Gina vacuumed out and then back to my day in no time flat. The selection in washes are all reasonable and I think at $6+ you get a free towel and air freshener. They also have vending machines with all kinds of goodies for $1 and I always keep back up air fresheners in my car. I love the smell. I'm a free vacuum and cheap air freshener addict.Convenient + cheap + clean car = cheerful meSummertime is around the corner so you need your car to be pretty- go here!
5	Paid for wash with hot wax and wax machine is broken.  Asked for a refund or another wash they said sorry I have to talk general manager. Took awhile but said to come back and they could rewash for me.   Excellent customer service and quick.  Thx again
1	Have visited the wash a few times with better than average results. Vacuums are powerful and towels provided to wipe off vehicle are a nice touch. Decided to sign up for the monthly pass at $19.99 and proceeded to cancel the auto renew so they wouldn't charge me for infinity months. Entered the wash and had the passenger side mirror ripped off my truck mid wash. Upon exiting I was instructed to fill out a loss form and they would take care of me. They have not. After several trips back they are claiming my mirror was defective from FORD. They canceled my monthly package and refused to refund my money. The pass was cancelled too. Attorney contacted. Beware of this organization and any car wash they own!
1	Rude ass people!! I pulled up about 655pm. & when I get to pay, the guy says the vacuums will be off when your done! Like who the fuck cares I came here to wash my car. Then I go thru the wash and it was soo shitty I asked to redo and he says he closed the gate. It's not closed you just put two cones on the entrance. Never coming here again! I would give them no star if I could've!!!
3	Mirror was OEM, I bought the truck new off the lot and it had never been damaged. The kid I spoke to was not an "expert". And my frustration was for all the run around. I live 35 miles away and drove there three times for resolution. My attorney paid to have it fixed at Kale's Auto Collision Center. They are awesome. Did run though your wash last week to retry and my vehicle was not damaged. Keep improving.
