5	We have used this business for several years now. They always show up when they say they will, and live up to their name!  We are very happy to give this positive review!
5	Well I must say these guys know their stuff.I like the fact that when I called for an emergency service coz my AC just won't run for some reason, they sure came in less than an hour.Joseph answered the phone and was so accommodating and really listened to all of my concerns.I don't normally write reviews coz it's not just my thing but I felt that this company deserve a good word from a satisfied customer.Thank you Honest Abe!
5	Have to say they were amazing! Called and they came right out in. We just had to wait one day for the  part that was needed. We felt that was very reasonable. The service person was very nice and educated us on the unit we have and things that might help up. Our family highly recommends them:)
1	I called Honest Abe's, they should change their name as far as I'm concerned, my Ac wasn't blowing cool.It was Sunday and my regular company wasn't open so I decided I'd give these guys a try. I was given a window of 10:00 to 1:00 so !:00 rolls around nobody here yet, 1:30 I decided to make a sandwich. Wouldn't you know it soon as i sat down to eat here comes the repairman. I have electric gates at my home so I pushed a remote and opened the gate, he parks right in front of the drive way so if my wife had happened to come home she couldn't get in the drive way but I didn't say anything I figured he wouldn't be here long anyway. They told me during the phone call the service fee would be $65 so cool no problem. After hooking up the gauges the repairman comes to the door, interrupting my lunch again which tells you about how long he was here, and tells me my system was low on freon it was like 30% low and there was a new law passed in 2010 or 2012 they can't just fill a system they have to search for a leak first and this will cost me between $700 and $1500 depending on how much searching they had to do, they would have to schedule and come back for that. Repairman asks do I want him to schedule it? Yeah soon as bats fly out my butt. I gave him a check for $65 and told him bye I didn't even want his paper work. So the next morning I call my usual company out, they show up at 9:30 check my unit and tell me my freon is low but not much so I asked him what would you say? Low about 10% he said not even that. So he fills my system, which according to Abe's couldn't be done, my guy told me my system was low 1.5 pounds and my system holds 14 pounds if that's 30% it must be the new math they are using over at Abe's, I won't put the word honest in front of their name nor will I ever call these people again, needless to say . Oh BTW my guy had a leak detector he searched around the unit and discovered a lose cap and a leak coming from the cap so he tightened it and when I get my unit serviced in the spring we'll see how much freon is still in the system and if it's down they will search for a leak at that time.
3	They arrived when we called, just a few minutes late but it was ok. After they were done the air from my AC was really cooler, which I was really happy about. The rate they charged wasn't too expensive, nor too cheap. Overall their service is just what I'd expect from a repair/upkeep services.
5	Adam was great and very helful.  Had called another company which I bought from Groupon but they were very deceitful and felt uncomfortable.  Will not use Groupon again.  I also bought an additional coupon for honest abes to use before this promotion ends.  Great company.
