3	Overall good satisfaction with this particular restaurant. Service was quick and friendly, they have a decent lunch special with large proportions. I enjoyed the orange chicken :) the fried rice was kind of dry, but the side of chow mein that was included with the lunch special made up for it :)
4	We get coups for this place all the time so we finally gave it a go. Honestly if it wasn't for the coupon, we would have never tried it. It was cheap! $20 for 2 people with leftovers, close to home, and the people were nice. Very Asian mom and pop feel atmosphere. But...the food was just ok. Beef was still pretty pink and chicken wasn't satisfying for us. The chicken fried rice was yummy though! Nice and juicy. I like to help out the locals so I'd still go here before other quick Chinese restaurants (panda express)
1	Horrible!! Food is cheap and now I know why.
2	Salty, incorrect orders, arguing with customer's at the counter and on the phone.  While i have not been treated badly by the employees here, I've been witness.  I just don't want it to be me on of these days.  The foods ok, but nothing to rave about and clearly not made with love.
5	I LOVE these guys!! Friendly, fast and TASTY!!!
3	I have really, really mixed feelings about this place. I mean, you can't deny that feeding a large family with Chinese food for like $40 is a pretty good deal. Plus they seem to make the food when you order it, so that's cool, too. But here's the rub: the food isn't the best!I've come here on a few occasions where I've got family coming over to my house and I need to produce food on the quick. Since some people in my family are not cool with pizza, I usually run to a place like this to load up. So when I come here, it's not because I'm hungry or I want to eat here -- it's more like "I need to feed five humans!" To that end, this place is cool! Like I said before, I've been able to feed everyone, and have leftovers, with about $40. That's a good deal in my book when you consider the amount of feed they/we eat, plus the leftovers. I usually have enough for dinner later that night, and maybe even breakfast/lunch the next day. See, the food there is inexpensive. Plus they have these coupons they give you where you get free rangoons or rice or whatever after you spend a certain amount (I think it was $25 and $30, respectively). The downside is that the food sometimes takes longer than I'd like. I guess that's what happens when you get your food made to order, but still. Also, the food there isn't really as Chinese as I'd like it to be. By that I mean that a few of the items I've had (strawberry chicken, orange chicken and sweet-and-sour pork) seem to be really the same dish with a different protein. With the chicken, they use this fried-up chicken balls and throw some sauce on the top. Seriously. I can do that at home for like 1/3 the price. Really you get the same chicken with a different sauce. Not the business. I guess a lot of other restaurants do the same thing, but come on, guys. Step it up. I'll pay an extra few bucks for better chicken. All in all, will I return here? Yes. My mom loves this place, it's cheap, and it's close to home. I cannot beat the convenience afforded by this place.
4	Eat here occasionally.  Never had a problem with an order or the servers.  Typical asian service, quick and no small talk.  We (GF and I) come for the lunch specials, a crazy amount of food for the price.  Here's a tip, 1 full order is more than enough for 2 people, so you can really save $ and get an appetizer.  I like there sweet and sour chicken.  I wont go as far as to say that this is AUTHENTIC Chinese food, but its perfect for a typical Americans idea of "Chinese food."  4 stars all the time!
1	Worst place ever... Horribe customer service will not recommend this location... I will not be entering this place ever again!!
1	This place is horrible the food is so over Americanized it didn't even have flavor was Super Dissapointed! I live near by and I will never go back!
1	Gross gross gross gross. My food tasted as if it were a few days old. The noodles were like spaghetti noodles and waayyy over cooked and the sauce tasted sour. I will never come back here. I am incredibly disappointed. I should have asked for a refund but I really did not want to bother.
5	I've been ordering from here for a very long time!..& they are always friendly,& food is always HOT & GOOD!
1	Never again! Forgot half the appetizer,  peppered beef all veggies mainly, kung Pow way to hot to even eat, only thing hot was the soup and won tons were mushy. Use to be good now I remember why its been awhile since we ordered from here.
