1	Went after the show.  Small limited supply.Never saw anyone there.Can find any of the items onlineClothes pricy... All the items were average qualityWould not recommend Love Britney this is not doing justice!
4	I LOVEEEEE Britney so this was by far my dream store!! The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is I felt it could have had more! There was lots of stuff but you can never have enough Britney! The staff was very friendly in helping my friend and I choose what to get - and yes, the prices were high, but hey - its Britney bitch! Loved it! Definitely hope there are new things when I go back next year. Also one more thing... I hope they soon start an online boutique!! Its awfully expensive to go from Cleveland to Las Vegas just to get a shirt! But I would do it again... ;)
2	I LOOOOOOOOOOVE BRITNEY!!! BITCH! :)Been to every show. . .this store is has limited merchandise. . . ended up buying a lanyard ($10) and a magnet ($10) Just like yelper Brandon C.  stated the merchandise sold has "work bitch" written on it.  What happened to the regular concert tees you would purchase after her shows?!Britney, I'm glad I can help support you in a tiny way but pls the designers need to be fired for what they are selling now!
5	Loved this store so much! Couldn't help but hit this store up even during the off season of her concert. Ladies who worked there were great and even got me a discount on my beautiful sweater for the winter season! Hit this store up before the concert so you can go in full britney gear for the concert. It's a bit pricy but it's Britney if you're a true fan you don't really care about price! Lol
5	I was so excited to finally get here and the staff absolutely added to and encouraged my (unhealthy) obsession of being in Britney territory.  Of course I was spending my money but if you're a crazy britney fan like I am, they weren't impatient with me for asking so many questions i.e. Has britney been here?; what did she say?; what was she wearing? (You get the gist)Glad that "Britney: Piece of Me" has a great boutique staff that is apart of a great event in Las Vegas.
5	Ok so this store is extremely overpriced. Britney has a huge amount of music & a lot of things there said "work b**ch" . I hope they change that. However even if-- I ended up getting one shirt, one tank-top & one magnet for $95. I am not in vegas every day so I decided to splurge :-)  the first time I went to the store the sales person "barbie" was super sweet, and very helpful. The other 2 times the gentlemen were less than happy to be there. Yes, I am a big britney fan so I had to go back and get $30 flip flops. Britney music 24/7 at the store. I wanted a mug but everything said *b or it's vegas b. I was happy with what I got. If you are a britney fan, you will enjoy the store.
4	I was super pumped for this store and hit it up as soon as I got to Vegas so that I could go before the show. Everything is extremely pricey. Magnets are $10, mugs are $20, hat is $45, shirts $40-$45, tanks $40-45 and hoodie was I think $65. I ended up buying a $45 shirt just because it was a once in a lifetime opportunity! Almost everything in the store said "work bitch" which is kind of played out in my opinion. I would defiantly visit the store during the day before the show to beat the crowds.
1	I bought myself one of the gold LUCKY necklaces for myself for my birthday and just wore it yesterday for the very first time and it's already horribly tarnished. For 40 bucks, I expected far better quality. Very disappointed.
5	The best place ever obviously. If you're a Britney fan you will love everything about it!
5	During my last stay in Vegas I can not tell you how many times I stopped and shopped in the Britney boutique; I lost count!  It's any Britney fan's heaven. It's dangerous lol Such a fun store with an awesome staff.
4	I went to see Britbrit for my 30th birthday last month. I wanted a cute shirt to wear to the show, so I popped in here to grab something.The store is right outside the show venue, so it was easy to find. It's not huge, but it's packed with Britney merch with remixes of her music blasting from the speakers.I give it 4 stars because I personally don't want to walk around wearing the word "BITCH" and 9/10 items said either "WORK BITCH" or "BRITNEY BITCH"...that was pretty annoying. Prices are INSAAAAAAAANE. Like, I don't even spend that much on Disney merch. BUT, it's kind of a once-in-a-lifetime memorabilia purchase, so that justifies it I guess.
