4	I am not the greatest golfer but really do enjoy getting outside and playing a round.  The refreshment cart ladies definitely help my game out as I found the more often I got a beer from her the better my game got.  Anyway,  I have been wanting to try out Wildfire Golf Club for a while but always a little more than I wanted to spend.  Since I am still quite bad I like to try and keep my fees in the under $100 range.  We noticed a good deal for Wildfire (normaly $150 per person) this past weekend at $100/person and gave it a shot.Beautiful course and not extremely hard. Long fairways that are well maintained.  The GPS on the cart was my 1st time seeing that and it was extremely helpful and something I will definitely want to try out again.  It showed not only our cart where we were on the course, distance, etc. but also if other carts are still in play which was helpful on a few holes that were not perfectly straight and knowing where the other cart was around the bend.
5	Located at the JW Marriott the Wildfire Golf club has two 18 hole courses the Palmer and the Faldo. I played the Palmer years ago so I was looking forward to playing the Faldo course which has over 100 sandtraps!It was the last day of our vacation and we were paired with two snow birds from Edmonton and we teed off at 10:00 am.  The weather was perfect just under 70* with no wind or clouds. Staying at the villas gets you a discounted rate of $107.00 per player.This club is very busy and being  Christmas eve there were many people playing golf, but the course is well managed - we teed off right on time. I enjoyed the computor GPS which gives you the exact yardage to the pin and an aerial view of the entire hole layout with a press of the button! Technogly at its finest.The course was in excellant shape due to overseeding not long ago. The only negative is that there were so many players the it took us  close to 5 hours to play the round (Minus one star). Service was excellant from bag handler, pro shop attendee, starter, marshalls and even the cart gal.  I enjoyed the Faldo course over the Palmer and would return here in the future.
5	Great course. Great management. holy hell is it is HOT there. Played the Faldo course in early Oct and was still hitting 100 deg. Showed up hung over after a night of partying in Scottsdale and probably shot close to the temperature but still had a good time.Practice area doesn't get any better. Unlimited use for all guests, numerous stalls at the driving range with perfect condition sod, golf club fitting tent, several putting / chipping greens.Management keeps guests hydrated with cart girls dedicated to 9 holes only so they come around every couple holes. Course itself in great condition although i was surprised the greens weren't faster. Still they were very true. Standing on the tee box, the fairways look open to the eye but with so many traps, you end up realizing this is target golf.Unless you are comfortable in desert heat, i recommend getting the earliest tee times and then partying after the round.
2	Wasn't really impressed, the location is great and I got a good deal for the round.  The staff is not all that friendly and a bit disorganized, I was double charged for my round, the course is just average.  I'd play Kierland 100 times over before I played at this place again, course has more personality.
5	Husband golfed here 4 times during our stay. I golfed twice. We liked both courses and the staff was very helpful. During one round my husbands clubs were not secure in his cart (the caddie did not strap them in) and his clubs fell out, the drive was snapped and my husband was very upset. However, in less than 2 holes, they had his driver re shafted, re gripped and back in his meaty little paws. He golfed one of his best rounds....some might say it was the 'new' driver.
5	I played the Palmer course while out for a friend's bachelor party. The course was fantastic, challenging and in excellent shape. The staff was also friendly and helpful, loading my bag onto the cart and cleaning my clubs when I was through. Though a little pricier than some it was well worth the money.
3	I'm giving this three stars BECAUSE and ONLY because I had a nice time playing with my Dad and brother. The staff was horrible and completely unpleasant with the exception of the Cart Girl Stacy who was amazing and so personable. The club staff really need to step it up and treat their guests more presently. Not sure if we will play again due to the in personable staff.
1	The course is actually fun to play in the Summer but not worth the price in the winter.  Pace of play in the winter is somewhere along the rate of reading and finishing a George R.R. Martin book also!  The 1 star rating is for their refusal to allow non-guests to pay to use their driving range.  Really?!  Who do you think supports this joint in the Summer!!!
