2	Massive typo in the title!It reflects the business I feel: very nonchalant. I've been there a couple of times and the employees always seemed to have something better to do than to acknowledge me, whether it be laughing at some inside joke or what have you. At some point I needed advice and the employee hauled herself in my direction, and blurted out a recommendation. When I was leaving she asked if I could let them know how the products worked out but that was too little too late I'm afraid.It's a crying shame because this shop really is the prettiest of the Lushes I know: it's airy and comfortable to walk through.
3	Great bath products, lots of interesting soaps and body washes. Their pricey but different. The girls working in the store are very helpful. I purchased several soaps and washes. I like the fact the products are all natural. They had some really nice scented soaps and gels.
5	Love their products. Not cheap, but, very good quality. Tried just about everything, save the new make-up line. Highly recommend the rub on body butters and the King of Skin body cream rinse .
4	It's handmade products, natural, mostly organic and nice smell to it. If you want to spend a little extra money because you like to have a nice heathly skin and original smell way different then what's on your grocery/pharmacy shell then Lush is amazing. They made a business that you would normally think is a niche into a successful company. There's one simple reason why I kind of feel that it could be slightly better and it is the carbon print on the delivery of their product. I mean if you're socially implicated on having natural, handmade, organic, non-animal tested products you should also maybe generate business locally. How difficult is it to make a recipe which can be done in every province and not only Vancouver and Toronto. Other than that, I like their soap bar shampoo. I bought some cap toothpaste with cool flavour, a very practical product for travelling, as it's not a mini-toothpaste tube and way smaller. I also try their body soap. Otherwise it's amazing, my only down side is that they melt faster and you have to cut them into small 1-2 days portions to extend their lifespan as much as possible. Also, some of those soap doesn't create a lot of mousse on the body. It's only a different feeling, you're still very clean it's simply that you have to rub it on your body a little bit more then a regular soap.This is a good local company, they have a good website and the location on St-Denis is bigger than the one in Fairview Pointe-Claire which is my normal Lush store. I like the one downtown better though. Nice place for all type of products.
5	It's awesome hand made product .. I tried a lot of products but this one is a piece of workI recommend the strawberry lip scrub for a better and faster silo room for cracked lips.
5	ok. I'm in love.. the end
