3	I love Cap's; when I ate meat my favorite sub was the Slaw and Roast Beef, and the Bobbie is great of course :) But not only do they offer great meat subs, they have Vegetarian ones too! They use a soy based sub for their veggie subs, and it tastes really good. I got the veggie version of the roast beef and slaw sub, and my dad got the Bobby.I was disappointed to see that they skimped on the soy turkey, so it was essentially all slaw. The Bobby was perfect though, so it just seems like they skimp out on the veggie subs at this location. They also have a soda fountain that is accessable by patrons, so that's nice- you don't have to ask them for a refill, just get your own.
5	Capriotti's is excellent in general.  This location (in the Santa Fe Station Casino) is even better than most.  That's surprising considering that the casino smoke wafts right into their eating area.  But, the food is excellent, there's more seating in a less cramped environment, and we can buy refillable glasses of soda pop (our stand-alone Capriotti's only has bottles).
5	The Bobbie sandwich is worth the hype. If you like Thanksgiving (which you should cause you're a patriot reading this) then you'll dig this sandwich. They made the sandwich in, no bs, 1 minute or less. I had just gotten my drink filed and it was ready. The manager was working the register and he was very courteous and professional. If you have a chance to get one of these wiches, GET IT!!
1	Wow, worst food at a sandwich place. I ordred a plain Roast beef with mayo  and got old beef sawdust on a stale bun.  I  like Cap pretty much. This location is the dregs. They should be ashamed to be open. I usually do not write to a company to complain but I made a exception in this case. I hope they listen. Avoid this location at all costs. I think it may be one bad apple, but it can rot the bunch. Never rated the other locations I have been to, just took for granted that they had good food.
1	This was my review. Wow, worst food at a sandwich place. I ordred a plain Roast beef with mayo  and got old beef sawdust on a stale bun.  I  like Cap pretty much. This location is the dregs. They should be ashamed to be open. I usually do not write to a company to complain but I made a exception in this case. I hope they listen. Avoid this location at all costs. I think it may be one bad apple, but it can rot the bunch. Never rated the other locations I have been to, just took for granted that they had good food.Received this reply from Mr, Thomas Mulconey of Capriottis. Thought it would be the right thing to share and let everyone know that it was a timely and humble response. I admire and appreciate Mr. Mulconey for taking responsibility and not making excuses for the problem. I will take him up on his offer very soon and will review this location again.Ronald Hello Ronald, I would like to introduce myself, my name is Thomas Mulconrey. I am a manager at the Capriottis inside the Santa Fe Hotel and Casino. First off, I would like to apologize for the poor quality of product that you received at our location. We take pride in our quality and I must say I am embarrassed about the experience. I have address our team about the situation and we are taking the proper steps to ensure that we do not have this problem in the future. I appreciate the feedback given about our shredded beef product. I would like to have the opportunity to make this experience up to you. If you would like next time you come in we will have a credit for a free large sub on us. Again. I do apologize and hope to retain you as a customer at this location. If you have any questions or concerns you can contact me at (702)xxxxxxx. Thank you for giving us feedback so that we can continue to give our customers the Capriottis experience that they disserve.
1	Went to the movies and decided to take them up on their offer to make it right before I saw the flick. No one was around. No cook, no counter person. The counter person in  the food stand next door called us over to have a burger. What was I to do? It is fast food after all and nothing is slower then no one to take my order. They failed.
4	Love the cran slam club. Great location inside Santa Fe station and also open till 2am which is a plus. Friendly service
