2	Enterprise suffers from the strangest notions of customer service in the world.  Let us just leave it at that.  It is a car rental, nothing more, nothing less...but the amount of time it takes to get in and out of there is staggering.  And mind you, they are not understaffed.  Quite the opposite...they are amazingly overstaffed.  My suggestion to them, AUTOMATE.  Reduce some headcount and deal in volume rather than trying to form lasting relationships with clients.  Seriously, it's just a car man...I am renting it, not buying it.
5	Easy to deal with and really friendly staff! In n'out with no hassle! Recommend them for sure!
4	The service here is great.  It takes a good 1/2 hour to 45 minutes to pick up the car so plan accordingly.  If they are really busy, it could be even longer.  They take their time to go over the car and insurance options with you, which I appreciate.Drop off is a lot faster.  10 minutes max.   They have never been pushy or picky with me.  Super easy process and very nice cars in my experience.  I will use them again.
5	Conveniently inside Collision center of Peoria. Staff is nice. Got my rental was on a quarter tank. Return with a quarter tank. Nothing else to say. I had my company account which made process super easy.
5	Picking up the car was quick and the car was great. Checking back in at the end of the rental was fast. Since it was covered by insurance, paperwork was minimal.
3	This place was crazy busy both for check in and check out. Expect a 30 minute wait in line on a Sunday morning for rental return or pickup. These employees seem to be overworked and underpaid, but they were still friendly nonetheless. Also worth noting, was traveling to California with the rental so I stopped in after I got the keys to use their facilities before I hit the road. When I walked into the women's restroom (1 person with locking door type), the door was unlocked, and there was a male employee in there just finishing using the restroom. Not sure why he didn't lock the door but it was really awkward because we passed each other in the room. He left very quickly, likely out of embarrassment, we appologized to each other and he mentioned that the men's was broken, but i couldn't help but notice that he didn't even wash his hands ... EW!
