5	I'm well aware that Jack In The Box is by no means a purveyor of healthy and innovative culinary creations.  But unhealthy as the food may be if eaten on a daily (or even weekly) basis, I don't see much harm in occasionally succumbing to my latent junk food addiction.  Whenever I'm in the mood to throw caution to my waistline while holding tight to my wallet, JITB is invariably the first place that comes to mind--at least so long as it's been a respectable 3+ weeks since my last visit.Setting aside the broader debate on the extent to which fast food may or may not be to blame for all that is wrong with America today, those of us who do at least occasionally frequent what I like to euphemistically term "accelerated dining establishments" are sometimes faced with important choices about where to fill up on empty calories.  For a number of reasons, I think JITB stands above the rest.  First, JITB serves both breakfast and lunch/dinner at all times, so if you arrive at 11:30 am in search of a breakfast sandwich, you won't be stuck getting a burger instead.  Second, JITB always seems to have new and interesting menu items.  Third, and most importantly, the Ultimate Cheeseburger is always delicious.As for this particular location, I've been twice.  Both times, I found the employees to be the friendliest and most courteous I've ever encountered at a fast food restaurant (though the people working at the KFC/A&W location on the corner of Baseline and Central are similarly deserving of praise), and everything I've tried has lived up to my memories of what JITB should taste like.  If at all possible, though, I suggest eating on-site or in the car instead of waiting until you get home, as the food is never quite the same again after those first few minutes pass.
5	Ok, it's a J in the B.  Stupid to write a review.  But I rarely eat fast food and almost NEVER J in the B.  During a recent adventure in S Phoenix, I was in need of some lunch and this was the only place around.  Well, this and a Whattaburger, so my choices were pretty limited.Wow.  This place is CLEAN.  And the woman who took my order was both FRIENDLY and COMPETENT.  My order came out QUICKLY and was CORRECT.All things I usually never experience at fast food joints, or at least all at once.  5 stars.
3	Gadz, I feel so guilty diluting the all 5 Star rating record for this Jack in the Box!     :-OAnyhow, I WILL rave up the bathroom & the sandwich.  (Ugh!  Do both of those belong in the same sentence?)Anyhow again, I love that we have a fast food restaurant here that actually has PAPER TOWELS in the bathroom!  Remember them??  Ok, so a stop in here for lunch today was called for to satisfy curiosity about their much heralded "Outlaw Burger".  This came out as a fairly large burger featuring barbecue sauce, onion rings, bacon, lettuce, tomato & cheese.I like this JiB a little less than my 4 Star one at 5814 S. Central, only because it doesn't have any full booths.  The dining room was clean, the service friendly, & light rock played at an appropriate volume.  Oh, and the burger?  TERRIFIC!  (That's one thing, isn't it?)     :-))Outlaw Burger $3.49 or FREE with that coupon you got in the mail & threw out!     :-)
4	Post a big night out, there's something so magical about being able to pull up through a drive through and leave with a customizable egg sandwich!That's truly the reason why I LOVE JACK IN THE BOX!  I like to get the Breakfast Jack ($0.99) (available 24/7) with 2 extra eggs ($0.49/extra egg) and no meat.  PARTING THOUGHT:  Throw in some mini churros (5 for $1) and you have delicious hangover insurance for just $3.25!
4	Still like this Jack in the Box slightly less than some other local locations because it lacks full booths.  With that said though, I stopped in here today for a Jr. Jack Burger plus two free tacos with one of their ubiquitous coupons.  Everything was delicious, especially the tacos after being turbocharged with some of their Frank's Red Hot Sauce.  (You have to ask for it; they keep it hidden.)The above, along with friendly service and the super inexpensive price of $1.19 for everything earns this Jack in the Box 4 Stars this time, missing booths notwithstanding!     :-))
1	Stopped in for lunch today, the girl at the counter had no clue what she was doing. In stead of ordering my meal like I had told her. She ordered everything separate. When I went to fill my medium cup. I ordered a large, there were ants crawling all over the fountain machine. Needless to say this has ruined my j in b opinion on service and cleanliness.
