5	After Lunch or Dinner at Pho Huong Que I always stop into CD Warehouse.  Usually I find something and you can give them your wish list and they will call you when it arrives...  Great service! Great Selection - Used CDs and DVDs.
5	I miss the days when CDs were "big."  Don't get me wrong, I can't complain about streaming Pandora or carrying my ultra small mp3 player containing days worth of music.  But downloading a song or streaming an album will never be the same as buying a physical representation of that music.Ok, yes, you can still technically buy CDs at most department and electronics stores.  But if I'm reliving the golden days of CDs, I want to see the albums that were around then, too.  Fairy tale, you ask?  Never!  Tucked in the shadow of Super G Mart on Independence is a tiny little space that has an old video store feel to it and inside contains a treasure trove of nostalgic technology.I was amazed by the selection of 80s and 90s music CD Warehouse holds - and good stuff, too.  They have a small assortment of DVDs and video games, too (don't expect to find much for PS3 here).  And the best part?  It's all dirt-cheap!  I was fighting the temptation of adding a 3-disc Foreigner box set to my already growing pile...I mean, less than $10...I'm SAVING money in the long run, right?  Just do your ears a favor and stop by CD Warehouse...you won't be disappointed.
5	I heard today that CD Warehouse has closed, but hopefully it will open again somewhere in Charlotte so that my girlfriend and I can once again return, especially for her since she has been going there since high school and we're both in our 20's.  On the way there, we passed by a McDonalds, for some odd reason i remember this because I wondered stupidly out loud whether the Mcdonalds here tasted different from the one in California.  She sternly said that was exactly what her ex boyfriend asked too.  Upon hearing that, I immediately shut up!Having some time at night, we stopped by to browse their collection.  Located in a strip mall, it's a smallish shop but big on selection.  We had a lot of fun perusing through the racks.  I found almost every soundtrack to every movie that I enjoyed.  They also had a good selection of show tunes. She eventually found a Paul McCartney hits CD where the music was performed live and on acoustic guitar and another album, while I settled on a Kylie Minogue Dance hits CD and to much of my embarrassment, despite wanting her to carry it for me so I didn't look like a bender, had to carry to the front counter myself.  Overall, the customer service was good and the employees were friendly.
