4	This place is so small it makes the Smiling Banana Leaf look like the David L Lawrence convention center.   I called ahead the Wednesday before thanksgiving and ordered the Red Curry Lunch Special ($6.95) it comes with a salad and a small spring roll.  The salad was fresh and crunchy and the dressing was as Jon Gruden likes to say "Outstanding!"  It was a creamy peanut dressing that was also used as a dip  for my spring roll.   I ordered the curry with a spice level of 7, yet it did not have the heat i was expecting but the flavors were there.   Plenty of bamboo, basil, and chicken.  I will definitely be making the trip back to try other menu items.   FYI, according to the menu Lunch specials are only during the week and not the weekend.
4	(This is a review on the food and delivery only, as we have only ordered take-out from Curry Away)This is a short review to say that when we want to eat Thai food, but don't want to make it or go pick it up, we order from Curry Away. We've lots of different things from the menu, and have always been very pleased with the food. Delivery time is short, and... its FREE! Free delivery is just such a plus. We also want to give a special thanks to the staff there for being attentive. Although we didn't mention that I am vegetarian, one staff member noticed that we were placing an order that was entirely vegetarian. They took it upon themselves to let us know that most of their recipes use fish stock (which I do eat when eating out...). We appreciated the gesture anyway!
3	I have been going to this location ever since it was the original Green Mango.  It has changed names and ownership a few times, but Curry Away is my least favorite of them.  They have trimmed down the menu and it just seems like things are not quite as good as they used to be.  I don't want to deter anyone from giving this place a shot.  They have good food.  There are just a lot of options in the area.  I still frequent this place when I am fiending for Thai takeout.  The Mussaman Curry is fantastic.  It may not even be on the menu, but I know they make it for me anyway.
3	We went here for a late lunch and we really enjoyed the outdoor seating (until of course a bee came over and I had to evacuate the area ::allergic:: and had a semi freak out)What we sampled:Curry away trio (this was very good and the portion was good for the price.  The sweet and sour sauce it came with was delicious!!)Pad Thai with duck (this was decent, but I asked for extra peanuts and we got extra bean sprouts?  Also the duck was quite dry.)Red Curry with Shrimp (asked for a spice level 10 (we like it hot ;) ) but it was more like a 2) Overall it is a decent option for thai, but its a little out of the way for us and if I am going to make the drive I would rather go to Monroeville and get Green Mango.
5	When they first opened up I wasn't sure about this restaurant. It was more expensive than the previous owners in the same location, and it was a little tough placing my order. But I just gave them a second chance and they have really come through.Ever since they built their new patio they have stepped up their game. I went with a party of 5 and everyone loved their food. I think this is the best Thai food in my area. The owner is very friendly and helpful. All around it was a great experience. Prices are just a tad higher than some other spots, but I was happy with what I got for my money.Give them a try!
4	I was pleasantly surprised, and will definitely be coming back. We sat outside for a late dinner, and the service and atmosphere were quite nice. I had the Choo-Chee Curry with Chicken and enjoyed it, and the Crab Rangoon in the Curry Away Trio is the best I've had.
5	Curry Away always delivers a terrific meal whether you dine in or take it home.  As they are right around the corner, we order a couple times a month.  We have been up and down the menu and have always enjoyed everthing.  Starting with apps i must make note of the Crab Rangoon (which I normally don't enjoy) they are creamy and the sauce is wonderfull.  We always order the pork dumplings.  Really close your eyes and point, you won't be disappointed.  All the currys rock, but be sure to try Massaman and the Pineapple.  Want a real treat?  Order the Soft Shell Crab with sweet chili.   Couple of bonusses:  free delivery, complementary app of the month if your order is $30 or more, everone is super nice and they just added some outdoor seating.
5	great food, fresh ingredients, clean and cheap.  A great place
5	We ordered out with a big group so I tried several things. All were very good. Especially the Choo-Chee curry. I actually just moved to this area so I am very excited about this place. Look forward to many future visits.
4	I live right up the street from this place and order from it at least once a month. The place is cute and cozy, the staff is friendly. I've never had a bad experience here, although it is not as good as The Green Mango and I wish they offerend a wider variety. I especially love the Lemongrass Soup, Panang Curry, Crab Rangoon, and Spring Rolls.Give it a try- they are also a BYOB!
4	I am always in search of the best Panang Curry. This is pretty close to the best. Not much seating inside went for my birthday an 10 of us filled the place! Still worth it!
4	I have ordered takeout for Curry Away several times.  I've had the vegetable pad Thai, chicken satay, spring rolls, shrimp dumplings and various soups and the food has always been fresh and delicious.  I particularly recommend the lemongrass soup.Takeout usually takes around 45 minutes, sometimes longer.  However, in my opinion, it is more important that the food is prepared fresh than fast.  The restaurant has limited seating but has pleasant, modern decor.  It seems like it is locally owned which is also a big positive.  The menu has many creative choices that I look forward to sampling in the future.
1	Terrible! For an appetizer I ordered the The Curry Away Trio. The fried spring roll chicken were soaked in grease, the crab rangoon was ok, and the coconut prawn betrayed its namesake. For a main course I ordered Pad Thai and Thai Fried Rice with duck. The Pad Thai tasted like garbage and the Thai Fried Rice was again greasy with no flavor profile. I will at least say that they were generous with the duck. My disclaimer is that I'm used to eating ethnic food in major cities where the people of that ethnic background are actually cooking it and don't care about "Americanizing" it. With that said if you are a foodie with a refined palate look elsewhere. However if your like the average 'burger and tend to be happy with the local Chinese grub down the street then by all means enjoy. FWIW I am a native 'burger myself.
4	We have tried about six other Thai restaurants in Pittsburgh, and this is the best. We dine in more frequently than order delivery, though both are worth it. When we order, we ask for no/mild spiciness in the dishes.Appetizers: Their fresh rolls are the largest in town, and their peanut sauce tastes just like my favorite peanut sauce in Portland, OR. No other place in Pittsburgh has peanut sauce like this. Crab rangoon is also very good.Noodles: Pad Thai is the best in town. It is good with and without the fish sauce, and the ingredients are fresh. Their noodles are not oily! Salad: Green mango salad is delicious with and without the shrimp AND chicken! (Yes, they give you both.)Curry: If requested, they will let you sample some curries before ordering a dish. There is some debate as to whether the red or green curry is spiciest. Two votes for green as spiciest, one vote for red. The yellow curry is the mildest. My favorites are the yellow and the pineapple curries; my husband's favorite are the yellow and massaman curries.Desserts: In order our personal preference 1) sweet sticky rice with mango, 2) thai custard with pumpkin and sweet sticky rice, 3) black sticky rice with taro in coconut milk.Drink: Coconut juice is good though not as sweet as some Thai coconuts I have had. Sometimes they will place the meat in the cup as well which makes it even better.Dining experience: The wait staff make our experience enjoyable and fulfill requests. The outdoor seating is our favorite, and it is private in that there are vines running up the side of your table facing the road. Lanterns hang above your head at night with lit candles. Once when I dined there, I saw others had brought their dog and tied it to the outdoor table while they ate. The indoor seating is quaint with a few tables and chairs. Serene artwork from an outside artist hangs on the walls and can be purchased.
2	Food was good, pad Thai and basil chicken, but not a fan at all of the atmosphere.  I think because of that, I won't be back.  Just doesn't feel clean to me.
4	This is a pretty decent hole in the wall restautant. Food is better than the setting. If you live near by, I would just order takeout so you are in and out. Food is well plated and taste great.
5	noody ducky soup = delicious!!!!
3	I really like the food at this place. Great choices, quick and good service if you eat-in. I find the take-out to be really unreliable though. They seem to not always answer the phone somehow even in hours when I know they're open. Only reason I didn't give the restaurant 4 stars.
4	This place is serving up fresh Thai food in a neighborhood spot. We find it to be consistently good. Not much of a eat in place much more geared to carry out
1	My boyfriend and I have had decent experiences here until tonight. We live nearby and have both eaten in and taken out of here. Tonight we ordered things we usually order - Pad Thai and Penang Curry. When we open up the package the Penang Curry is half the normal size, looks completely different than normal and has a thick brown sauce. I look at the receipt and I was charged $11 for this - half what I usually get. It looked like an appetizer-sized container.  My boyfriend calls Curry Away and very nicely asks about it and the woman was condescending and argues with him and insists this is the right item. She does nothing about this and offers no resolution. Before this happened I really liked this place. The dine-in service was so-so but always decent. Now, I honestly never want to come here again. You might have an ok experience here most of the time, but then when you do have a bad experience it will be VERY BAD.
5	Having never eaten here and seeing the most recent review was less than stellar, I was hesitant.  In fact we weren't going to order at all.  But I didn't want to leave the house and we wanted Thai and, and, and...so we took a chance.Pad Thai, Pumpkin Curry, Fresh Rolls (summer rolls) and crab rangoons for the kid.  All were EXCELLENT.   The pumpkin curry was ordered spicy and it was perfect,  the summer rolls were really fresh and tasty.  There was a ton of food  it was only me and my 16 year old son -- but he eats every meal as if it is his first and last.  There are still enough to eat today for another mean.  It was around $40 for all of it, which is a fair price.I don't know why e last person had a bad experience, maybe we got lucky.  But I would definitely order from here the next time I'm visiting the burgh.
5	This is the best Thai food in Pittsburgh.  I usually go to the well known places in Squirrel Hill and feel sick and thirsty afterwards, not here!  It's all quality ingredients and culinary magic at Curry Away.  This is my go to Thai joint from now on.  Remember, go where where the locals eat or where the rent is cheap!
5	I absolutely love this spot for takeout! We love nearby and it takes everything in me to not order it once a week. The cashew nut chicken has become one of my favorite meals of all time! So much so that I've turned my friends onto it as well. My only wish is that they'd lower their prices by a few dollars. I know it sounds silly but I'd eat there much more often if the bill was a little lower! Otherwise I'm in love with this place!
1	Almost KILLED my husband..We are always very careful of my husband's seafood allergy. We read what is in everything we order and never order anything that could cause a trip to the hospital. We ordered an appetizer of pork dumplings that is listed on their website that only listed Pork and Ginger. When we got them they were filled shimp and chicken! Apparently they changed their menu and never updated it...how is this even close to what we ordered. Luckily husband was able to spit it out and rinse out his mouth.We called and they only argued and we did not get any money back. In addition to this, they messed up the order and told us they would bring the right food in 15 minutes...we called 30 minutes after the first delivery and they were not even leaving with our new food.We will NEVER order from them again and we hope to save you the disappointment of doing so yourselves!KG
3	I had food delivered once from here and I remember enjoying it. Not the best Pad Thai I ever had, but I was satisfied. The chicken Satay was also good.Tonight I called to have an order delivered for myself. The order totaled $19.15, and I was informed that the minimum delivery amount is $20. That's too high. The man on the phone did not offer to make an exception to the rule. I'm one person, so an appetizer and an entree is plenty of food for me. I wasn't going to add more food to my order just to meet the unreasonable $20 minimum. I'd have happily given you $19.15 plus a generous tip for your driver, Curry Away, but now you and I get nothing :(
5	Stopped at this place with a Groupon a few years ago and it was great then and still great now. Small place seating under 20...a little more in the summer with picnic tables outside. Seems to do a great takeout business...I love that, too.  Server recommended the crab rangoon as the "best ever" and fresh rolls with tofu. Neither one disappointed...she was spot on the Rangoon. Very light and crisp with enough filling. The fresh rolls are my favorite around.I've had the pad Thai, pumpkin, green, red and yellow curries. Spice level is accurate. All meals are very fresh and plentiful.Why don't I live within walking distance?
