5	The Uprooted Kitchen food truck parked at the Gilbert Farmers Market today. I hope they come back every week. Unlike the several other food trucks that have visited and quickly given up at the farmers market, Uprooted Kitchen seems to understand two important points:1) people want to eat breakfast (not dinner) at 8am, and2) farmers markets are visited by people who like to eat plant-based food and not only meat-focused dishes.The truck offers a vegetarian and vegan menu that would appeal to eaters of all types. The had oatmeal, granola, and quinoa bowls with fruit, a tofu scramble, and a variety of breakfast and dessert baked goods. I tried the quinoa, which was warmed and served with cinnamon and fruit (kiwi, plums, berries). I loved it. It had a bit of coconut milk added but almond milk was also available. On the side was a blueberry scone. At first I was a little put off because it was cold and not dry like the scones I've had elsewhere, but one bite reversed my impression. It was delicious.I'd probably never track down a food truck, but if I see them again, I'll stop for a meal. And if we're really lucky, they'll get the Bergies coffee stand to set up next to them at future markets.
5	I LOVE THIS FOOD TRUCK (TRAILER), or Mabel!Everything they serve is fantastic.  The pesto quesadilla is mine and my kids favorite.  Everyone I have brought to the truck (vegetarian or not) loves the food.  They have really added a unique element to GFM.
5	I LOVE The Uprooted Kitchen. They provide some of the best tasting breakfast food that I've ever had. They use local organic ingredients and they don't use any refined sugars. They show that it is totally possible to have delicious vegan food without compromising taste, texture, or price. I'm so glad that they are at Gilbert Farmers Market and I hope they grow big enough to get an actual restaurant some day!
4	I love to eat healthy but when I am out and about it is very difficult to stick to a vegan/ wheat free diet and that's why I LOVE Uprooted Kitchen! I go as often as possible to the Gilbert Farmers Market  for many reasons, but I always save time for breakfast  I have had some delicious food there and some that they are working on perfecting.  They have a creative menu and I can only see them getting better as time go on.  This is REAL food made with LOVE, and it's obvious to see and taste.
3	When I buy from a truck I assume it should be a good value as their overhead is low with out a building etc. However I think I am paying more because the are only open a few hours a day and need to be sustained on those limited hours. This hold true with uprooted, I paid $8 for a spinach, and tempeh bowl, it had some walnuts and blue cheese. At a normal casual counter style place for this size it would be $4.50 for this salad. Value aside the food was good, and healthy as I was hungry about 12 minutes later.My cynicism is really directed at the food truck craze and not this trailer as they are on part with the lack of value
5	This is one of my favorite foodie trucks.  I am probably at this truck once a week at the Gilbert Farmer's Market.  The husband and wife owners are super sweet.  They also serve lunch at Food Truck Fridays but I haven't had a chance to get out there yet.  The portions are huge and I always have leftovers of my favorite dish.  It is the chilled butternut oats and it comes organic fruit and scone of the day (topped with coconut or almond milk).  It is almost like a baked oatmeal and it is so good.   The scone is always leftovers for me.  If I start my Saturday morning here, I always make better choices for the rest of the day.
4	You're probably sensing a theme in my posts--that is, where can I eat locally and healthfully but also conveniently on the go? I'm finding some surprising options, including a new food truck, The Uprooted Kitchen, which can be found at Food Truck Fridays in Phoenix, among other locations in metro Phoenix throughout the week.While the truck is advertised as merely vegetarian, I was happily surprised to find that all options were, or could be made, vegan.Choosing between two tempting salads, a cheesy wrap and the veg burger was quite difficult, but in the end, I gave in to my craving for something crisp and went with the cheesy wrap, made with tapioca-based daiya cheese substitute. (Mozzarella was also an option.)The "cheesy" wrap was a guilt-free comfort food. While it felt filling and indulgent, the crisp wrap was stuffed with a wholesome medley of black beans, cauliflower, pureed butternut squash, corn, tomatoes and just a sprinkle of daiya. The decadent but light concoction was sided with a spicy but not heavy salsa plus greens and parslane.I will definitely be back to sample the other options on this menu.
5	Wow!  I was not expecting delish vegan food from a food trailer!  OMG it was soooooo good!  I had the Vegan French Toast and the grains and fruit and everything tasted AWESOME and was all very hand made! I'm going to try to eat from this place as much as I can from now on!  If they had a restaurant nearby, I'd be there all the time!  There service was great!  They took credit which made it easier for us.  Even emailed me a receipt!  The prices are great for the quality of food as well!  I give it 2 thumbs up!
5	Hands down my favorite food truck EVER!  Vegetarian, vegan, and lots of gluten free options.  All the produce is grown fresh and local.  Good for breakfast or lunch/dinner.  You really can't go wrong here.  Run by an amazing husband and wife team.  Everything they make is healthy, delicious, and filling!For breakfast, try the quinoa breakfast bowl or chickpea frittata.  My husband loves the vegan French toast (and he's a rabid carnivore).  Their scones are to die for.  I've had several of the soups on their dinner menu and they are all great too.My only complaint is that the Uprooted Kitchen isn't open every day...and I think they need to make a cookbook too!  ;)
5	First off, long before I went to Agritopia Farm's Gilbert Market, I was following Uprooted Kitchen on Instagram, desperately hoping for an opportunity to try it out. It was everything I hoped it would be! I am vegetarian, though I eat very little dairy, so this place is perfect for me. I got the Un-Bun Veggie Burger and it was delicious. All of the ingredients were fresh. It is nice being able to go out and get a meal you feel is actually healthy! I was sad that the peanut butter cups were sold out, they look amazing. I have to go back and try their breakfast because that sounds awesome as well.
5	Tempeh breakfast sandwich was so good! Great flavor combo. Terrific portion. Definitely will be my new favorite go to.!
