4	Lawrenceville is interesting because what may be known to the common folk is that Butler St. is a happening place meanwhile what may not be is after the Lawrenceville Desert (Sunoco area on Butler) you will find yet again another rise in small shops and cafes. One of these is Mauramori Cafe. Taking an interesting approach to how places should be run, Mauramori Cafe focuses on both Breakfast and Lunch not favoring one of the other...and even in some cases..combines them. Breakfast Gyro..have you ever had one? Probably not. Shame on you. It's delicious. Seriously..it is. You aren't hungry? You have to be kidding me..seriously just go there now and try it. Long story short, food was great, service was even better and they put new artwork on the walls every 6 months which is nice to see. Mauramori Cafe...where dreams are made.....assuming your dreams only consist of eating food.
4	I went here for breakfast after giving up on the long wait at Coco. It was quite a find! I got the vegetable egg white omelet with cheese. A huge pet peeve of mine is when the potatoes/home fries are bland but these were cooked perfectly. The omelets also came with 2 slices of toast. Pros: solid food, reasonable prices, old rehabbed building. Cons: parkingOverall: I will definitely be back!
4	Went in with a friend around 9:30 on a Saturday. I was surprised to see how many open tables there were. But, as we were there we saw people coming and going. It's so nice to see another breakfast place in Lawrenceville. I love some Coca but there is usually always a wait. At Mauramori you'll get good standard breakfast food done well.I ordered the sausage gravy special that came with 2 eggs. Boy it was fabulous. Nice and flavorful. The eggs were awesome. My friend ordered the breakfast burrito with hot sausage that came with home fries. We both were really happy with what we got and are excited to go back and try more of the menu.The waitress was nice. The service was efficient and pleasant but nothing really out of this world.
5	Came here out of the blue on Sunday Morning. And what a great breakfast location. I love the open kitchen, the staff and most importantly the Eggs Benedict. Great atmosphere and very cool art on the walls. Highly recommend.
4	This place is a bit hard to find. It's more of a "stumble upon it" kinda place. It is locally owned and the owner, Maura, works in her place. I love that. It has art work on the wall and the food is quite delicious!
3	I had a great breakfast here. The food was good and the service was nice and quick.
4	Always appreciate deviation from regular listed menu - got me favorite egg white omelet without a problem.  If you read other comments, pretty neat open kitchen - good breakfast.   As I always like to do, support your local business!
2	My boyfriend and I had breakfast here before going to the Pittsburgh Zoo. The place was nice: good food, reasonable price and friendly staff. However, the only problem is that, the waiting time was too long. We waited for about an hour until our food finally served, and I also noticed that some of the staff there did not do any work during the entire time.It would be great if we can get our food faster. My Order: Breakfast GyroFarmer's Omelet
5	Stumbled upon here because Coca Cafe was closed on Monday - glad we did! The food and coffee were tasty and reasonably priced.
4	I live a block away so I've had the opportunity to eat here often. The food is consistently good. It's nothing too flashy but it is simple comfort foods executed well and I would strongly recommend the Gyro omlet most of all from the menu. The service is always good and I would strongly recommend this place as an alternative to Coca Cafe.
4	I edit a food magazine, and I eat here -- literally -- almost every day. It's close to my office, and I really like their salads and sandwiches. Today, I'm enjoying an eggwhite omelet with scallions and feta and sundried tomatoes. It's delicious. There's no fuss. And the people there are friendly and make great recommendations. I would take people here all the time, if I hadn't already decided that it was my own private hangout :)
2	What do you do when Coca is packed? Well, sadly, the answer for us didn't lie at Mauramori, as much as we've tried over the past year. The food here is fine, but that's really it. It's a touch above what you would expect at a run-of-the-mill diner, but nothing more. The coffee is probably Green Mountain or whatever bulk option you'd expect to have somewhere that doesn't care too much about it. There are no fresh juices or other creative beverage options that can enhance your breakfast.The deal breaker for us was the apathetic speed of service. The servers are friendly, it just seems like they have no urgency to do anything. Our food routinely came out 10 minutes later than expect all while the place wasn't even full.
4	After living in Lawrenceville since Mauramori opened, I was finally able to make it in for breakfast.  My boyfriend and I went here around 10 am on Monday.  We were looking for a good ol' fashioned hearty breakfast and that's exactly what we got!  I had the veggie omelet with a side of bacon, of course, and my bf had pancakes, home fries and bacon.  First, the portion are very big!  Pancakes half an inch thick and as big as the plate, 3 egg omlet with plenty of cheese (the way I like it,) and a decent serving of home fries.  Needless to say, we couldn't finish all our food - as much as we wanted to.  I'm a typical American when I say I prefer my portions to be too big than too small... especially when it comes to breakfast/brunch, my favorite meal of the day.  Also the prices are very reasonable, if not cheap for the value.    Mauramori was very clean and not cluttered and the atmopshere is relaxed, which I appreciated.  (To the previous reviews that say the service is slow - we didn't notice it being slow - but there's nothing I hate more than feeling "rushed" at a restaurant.  I'm a slow eater and enjoy lingering around with my current company.)  The cafe was also decorated with local art - a nice touch.  Our server, who we eventually found out was the owner, was SO NICE!  She was super friendly and made sure we were happy with everything and kept my mug of the coffee filled. :)  You could tell she really cared about her customers having a good experience at her restaurant, which is so great to see.  I'm so happy I finally made it to this cafe and already told my bf that we need to remember this place next time we go out for breakfast or lunch.  I really want to go back and try their lunch menu next time.  I would def reccomment Mauramori Cafe!
2	Meh....went there last Thursday for a late breakfast/early lunch. 1 other table in the place, 2 more came in while I was there. I ordered a veggie wrap without mushrooms, which according to the menu had green peppers on it. It arrived with roasted red peppers, which I cannot stand. I started to remove them and pointed this out to the server and she said that it came with "a mix of green and red peppers." If so, it should say it on the menu. Maybe other don't find peppers so polarizing, but I do! I doublechecked the menu on my way out and I just think the it should reflect what you are actually getting OR if they're out of an item, the server should tell you when you order :) Also, fries were bland and undercooked. Just felt like the place lacked any attention to detail.
5	Consistently delicious food and reasonably priced. Friendly service. Nice atmosphere. My only dislike was the noise level in the restaurant on a busy Saturday morning but I was happy to see the place so full (support local business!!). Will certainly be visiting again and am anxious to try the lunch menu!
5	Perfect for a lazy Sunday or a hungover day after. All of the servers are friendly and the service is quick. There are often really good specials on the dry erase board in the front of the restaurant by the door.  If I don't order one of the specials, my go to is an egg white veggie omelet. Delicious...
4	Don't know about the negative reviews!  Just had a killer breakfast sandwich with hash browns and HOT coffee. Great service and prices!
5	Very friendly service. Reasonably priced, and the food was good! I'd definitely eat here again.
2	I was pretty disappointed with this place. My boyfriend and I went there on a Sunday and I ordered the bananas foster and he ordered some type of burrito. He liked his burrito, but my meal was VERY mediocre. The banana's foster had maybe a half a banana cut up on it with a little bit and super sweet syrup and really dense pancakes. It was so dense that it was chewy and made my stomach hurt. I also got a side of sausage which really wasn't sausage. I wish I had taken a picture it. It looked like they took a hamburger patty and wripped off a piece of it (it was wierdly misshapen) and just gave it to me on the plate....and it tasted like mediocre hamburger meat too :/ The service was pretty 'meh' too. I think the girl was new so lets cut her some slack. Oh, and the coffee was watered down and terrible. Overall, I wouldn't go back or recommend it.
1	Food wasn't that great to over seasoned and small portions. Their large apple juice was so small it was funny. The service was below average also pretty let down by this place
