1	I actually did a lot of research before picking this place. Having one bad experience was enough to learn my lesson and not let the hospital coordinator choose the assisted living facility. I was about to learn another huge lesson: high ratings on a website means nothing. Life Care Center smells like urine as soon as you walk in and you better know where you're going and have a room number because you can't ever find someone that works there. This place is more rest home than rehab...what am I saying, this is a nursing home. The rehab this facility offers is a joke. They wheel out their patients into the hallway and they sit there ALL DAY never getting changed and reeking of urine. It's a pretty sad scene, I cried the first time I came to visit my loved one here and started working immediately to get them out of that horrible place. After a few days of fighting with the insurance company, they won and we had to settle in that crap hole for 4 months.  With only our sense of humor to fall back on we started calling it skid row for seniors.  The food was horrible.  The rehab was nonexistent.  I had a really bad experience in a meeting with the director, head nurse and physical therapist but it gave me a better understanding of why this facility is so mismanaged.  The nurses try to put everyone in these "protection pants", the best way I can describe them is as a cushioned chastity belt.  Apparently they are supposed to protect you from injuring yourself when you fall but I believe they use them because they keep the urine from leaking everywhere.  We declined signing the consent to wear the pants and the orderly whispered "good, these poor people are too dim witted to know what they are signing".
1	Please do not allow your hospital coordinator to send your family member to this place. It is NOT a rehab center - it is a retirement facility with slow to respond staff members. My mother had heart failure. As a result she loss some oxygen and blood flow to her brain. It effected her memory somewhat and caused her to be very weak and she becomes exhausted doing simple task. She stayed in the hosputal a lil under 2 weeks simply trying to BREATH. She was assigned here. I wish I knew enough to have her sent to another facility to regain her skills.The speech therapist had no ideal what cognitive exercises we could use with my mother outside of the few she herself did. When I told her of several memory exercises her hospital therapist suggested we work during our family interaction with my mom, this therapist seemed surprised and said she would think about something we could do. I wanted to ask her if she graduated or is simply fulfilling hours for a requirement. My guess is the latter. I saw the physical therapist come in and do 3 simple arm exercises with her. Not one time did I hear him ask her to do any on her own. He also did not give her exercises she could complete on her own to improve any of her motor skills.The nursing staff I saw the Friday I visited were less than professional. NO ONE wore gloves nor did I see anyone utilize hand sanitizer between patients, before or after patient interaction. This was especially disconcerting because my mom got pneumonia since her arrival and can to risk more germs. When I mentioned to several aides to wear gloves they appeared pissed or rolled their eyes but did comply. I found myself Clorex wipes on everything in the room.I can say that as i spent the 2 weekend overnights with my mom in an uncomfortable chair, I saw 2 or 3 CNA'S and 1 nurse who were caring, compassionate and professional. This is definitely not the norm. Slow call button response had me moving my mother to the restroom myself. Loud employees repeatedly outside the door had me closing it and suffering thru the stuffiness in the hot room. And I'm not sure why the staff chose to talk louder and louder during their interactions with my mom when she kept trying to tell them her various concerns with her I'll fitting oxygen mask. I have to leave and return to California today but am hesitant to do so. I am worried that her care is not in the best of hands and wonder what would happen had I not been by her side. Her sisters will continue to be vigilant until I return but in the interm, we are looking to move her asap.
