3	You could say this review is for Citizens Bank in general, I chose this branch because its closest to me and the one I visit most. Yesterday I went to buy dinner on my break and my card got declined, no problem - I'll just run around the corner and get cash since I knew there was money in the account.  Went to the ATM and all I got was a slip saying my card has been deactivated.  Okay, now I'm starting to freak out a bit so I got to my computer and checked my account online, my money was still in both accounts, safe and sound and the exact amount that should have been. Next step was to make a call to customer service. Turns out the fraud department flagged the account because  someone tried to make a $110 purchase at a Walgreen's in Colorado at 6am??? They caught it immediately and my new card is in the mail. I'm so glad the red flag went up so fast and my funds are in tact, my only wish is that they had notified me before hand (a call or email), it would have saved me a little embarrassment. Luckily I was only at a cafe' and not a nice sit down establishment, else I would have been mortified.Lesson learned! Start carrying cash and don't use the debit card so much.As for the Sq. Hill branch itself, the employees have always been friendly and helpful and you can usually get in & out pretty quickly.
3	Odd location, anytime I'm in a circular building I feel weird.Only really went here to deposit some funds in the ATM and had to run inside in order to use a pen.  I really don't understand why banks feel like you've walked into a monastery.  It's so quiet in there, everyone talks in a whisper and you feel as if you're invading on someone else's privacy when you may have actually overheard anything they've said.  I made a quick run at this so I didn't have to endure any more awkwardness of the whole situation.  I'll stick to my drive thru/stand alone ATMS from now on.
4	The bank overall can be hit or miss, as some of the employees are rather new, but the bank manager is simply amazing. Valerie always makes sure to make things right quickly if you have a problem, so make sure to ask for her if you have an issue.
5	I've been using this bank since 2007 and this branch for the past four years.  A nice thing about Citizens Bank is that, as of sometime last calendar year (2013), they will still notarize documents that have nothing to do with the bank.  PNC, on the other hand, notarizes nothing unless it has something to do with PNC, even if you have an account with them.  The location of this branch is good, right in the heart of the business section of Squirrel Hill. Parking can be a little tight, but not a major issue. I like the people working there.
1	Citizen bank Is the worst bank I have ever had in the United States of America.I moved to Pittsburgh a few months ago from another state.I could not find my Chase bank in Pittsburgh , so I decided to choose Citizens.I had some  money in my previous bank Account and I want to transfer it to my citizen account.The person who works in citizens bank lied And cheated me. Since I am in USA for college and do not know most of rules , the employee told me you can transfer all your Money and your previous bank would not charge you and we also would not charge you. unfortunately ,  2 days later my Chase bank charged me 3% present of that transaction , few days later , I closed my bank account at citizen . Now  I am with PNC bank and I am very happy .Honest is important Shame on you citizen bank
2	I was with citizens Bank of Massachusetts for 10 years. We  relocated to Squirrel hill and I thought that the service would be just as good. Unfortunately the service got worse. Extremely long lines at the squirrel Hill branch and managers that have their hands tied and can't do anything to help fix problems. Any issues you may have you have to call the 800 number and you have long hold times. I like a bank where I can go in and talk to somebody and I can get something done. I am not a fan of citizens Bank.
