5	This Is a Gay clothing optional resort type hotel it is clean and simple on the outside a lovely on the inside.the owners are as nice as they get always helpful and accommodating.it very affordable great hot tub and pool area my room as do all the rooms have full kitchen and its just a great way to spend a week or a weekend in a great private safe atmosphere.no hanky panky on the grounds or seedy out door scenes but lots of hot men to meet. I was worried that it was not very well located but then again everything in Phoenix is spread out so rent a car or drive your own Lots of good place to eat and the local talent is not to be missed. have fun and thanks royal villa
1	This place is a poster child of how not to run a hospitality business. The front desk clerk (don't know if he was the owner or not) was rude and curt with me. He made it a point to tell me when check out was the next morning, as if I was not welcomed. I did not understand why he was so rude, but I wasn't going to put up with it. I told him if he wanted to act in such a manner I would take my hard earn money elsewhere. I won't be back there under any reason.Since I wound up not staying I cannot attest to the property's standards and layout.
1	This is a sad excuse for a gay resort.  Sort of like a worn out version of Palm Springs.  We found the Zen Yard up on Maryland Avenue a much more agreeable experience in a better neighborhood as well.  Zen Yard is a far better value, with full breakfasts included and warm, helpful hosts as well, not to mention particularly reasonable off-season rates and hosts who are actually there for their guests.
5	Not my first visit here, and I will be back in the future! Kenny and Doug are great hosts!  If there is a problem, they WILL make it right!!!  Thanks again guys!!!The place is clean and well maintained.  Comfortable rooms, great pool and hot tub area.  Safe, secure, and private!After being a resort general manager myself, I truly appreciate all of your hard work and efforts!!!  Cheers!!!
1	Called to book/reserve room and my call was never returned. I then called back as I was 2 hours away from Phoenix and they said that all their rooms were too hot and I should have called earlier... I DID.. Then he says I should find somewhere else since their air conditioning couldn't cool down the room in 2 hours. How bad has this place gotten?
4	Went here while visiting a friend in Phoenix.  Clean and well maintained.  Went in with a day pass to enjoy the pool.  Shade!  You need to install some sort of shade structure as there is no way to get out of the sun and still be in the pool area.  I will be back, but with an umbrella of my own.  lol
5	I stayed 10/03/2014 - 10/05/2014. I was in town for a wedding. I was very late checking in. Doug called to verify I was coming and was very understanding. Everything in room was perfect. Grounds are beautiful and well maintained.  I enjoyed my stay so much I hated to leave for the wedding.
