5	This is the best place to go to have your Sig Sauer worked on!  I called all over town for prices on a SRT (short reset trigger) for my P229 and these guys have the parts in stock and even installed a new E2 grips for more comfortable grip.  They also had my barrel and barrel feed ramp polished and they came out beautiful!!!  I am so pumped that I found these guys since I also lost one bolt to my P238 grip and NO ONE on the city has it in stock.  I tried purchasing the bolt online and they were going to charge $10 shipping but these guys had it in stock.  I also called Sig directly to get prices on all this stuff but their prices are way higher and with the shipping it seemed cheaper to sell my gun and buy one with everything I wanted done already.  Anyway these guys sell tons of guns (mostly Sig handguns) and several rifles.  Alan was very nice and super helpful and was able to finish my gun in a week!!!  This place is in a business complex and his front door faces W. Elna Rae Street so I recommend parking right in front.  Kind of small inside, only about 3 or 4 separate rooms with stuff but it was PACKED with guns and supplies.  I did ask if they had any Glock parts in stock but he didn't so I will stick with Glockmeister for that stuff, lol.
5	These guys are awesome.  My first visit to S&S was to buy a semi-auto handgun.  All I knew were 1911s from my military experience.  I must have gone in a dozen times, asking all kinds of dumb questions and looking at different guns.  I got a great educations from these guys before I finally made a purchase.  Very patient.These guys really love Sigs, and I've come to learn that everything they say about Sigs is completely true.  But, they respect your preferences and don't push anything on you that you don't want.My next purchase was when I wanted to cut down my range expenses with a 22 pistol.  Same ordeal for S&S.  I didn't know a thing about 22 pistols.  A dozen visits with a million stupid questions from me, nothing but patience and expertise from them.This is a great gun shop.
5	Highly recommended. It's a small shop but with that comes a much more personal experience. Allen is a great guy and is a straight shooter (pun intended). Honest guy who won't try to sell you something you don't need. When I went in he was extremely patient and spent a lot of time helping me pick out a gun and didn't rush me whatsoever. Definitely a place worth checking out!
5	5 stars, no doubt! These people are definitely the nicest people I have ever met! Not only did Allen take the time to explain everything to me and answer my questions, he oiled my gun and explained everything about the gun to me after my purchase. Try to find an equal or better service at another gun store, I dare ya! The store is a bit smaller than most I have been to but with that came 1on1 personalized service. I went into this shop not really knowing what I wanted and left extremely happy with my purchase. Allen took the time to find the right gun for me. Most other gun shop owners would not have taken the time and would have probably sold me the most expensive gun. I could tell Allen wasn't greedy and truly cared. The sale wasn't pushy and was more consultative than anything. I'll definitely be returning for gun purchase #3 and will, of course, tell all my friends.  My gun was brand new and still in it's original packaging and I believe the price was comparable. I didn't shop the price at all because he gave me such great service. Usually I shop around for the best price...but not this time. I'm glad there are still businesses like this one that value their customers.
