5	At last! An old-timey barbershop with honest-to-God barbers who know how to cut men's hair. The barbers are all business (never engaging in that annoying, small talk b.s. that you have to endure at the chains), but they're still totally friendly. If you want to chat, they'll chat, but if you want a silent haircut, they're game for that, too. The environment is also kicky: wooden floors, classic leather barber chairs, and pastiche posters - a gentle reminder of "better days".  Even the Fox News channel that's on an endless, nattering loop seems like a puppy dog in the charming vibe of Cercone's.  Gentlemen: why go to Supercuts when, for much less, you can get the real deal?
5	Service was quick. Barbers are friendly and experienced. I was in and out in 15, and only paid 10 bucks. I strongly recommend them!
5	Old fashioned barber shop. Been doing business here for years. Good, fast, cheap.
5	Why did I wait so long to go here?  After a final awful haircut at Supercuts, I decided enough was enough.  I showed up at this barbershop on Friday morning and had less than a 5 minute wait.The barber listened to what I wanted, then did it.  For the first time in a long time, my hair is all cut the same length.   And then the best part:  Price, $10.In and out in 20 minutes with the best haircut I've had all year.
4	An old-timey haircut at a real barber shop for $10?  Yes, please!  Cercone's has the ambiance and neighborly feel that you just can't get at Supercuts.  I arrived at around 12:30PM on a Saturday, and waited about 5 minutes before my haircut.  The barber was friendly but not overbearing, and I really liked seeing that there were customers who have been getting their hair cut here for ages.  I wish that they did the warm foam/straight razor deal, but that's a minor complaint.  I think I just found my Pittsburgh barber shop!
4	Really cheap, & really quick! As mentioned before, the barbers do listen to you & cut your hair just the way you ask them. Only drawback, if you see it as such, is that they specialize  in just traditional cuts (buzz cut, crew cut, etc). Nothing too edgy or crazyThis is a cash only place, so don't forget the $10!
3	Friendly barbers who listen, give a good cut, but "don't cut women's hair."I walked in about 20 minutes before closing on a Saturday. There were 2 men in the chair and 3 men waiting and one man who walked in after me. I was the last person to be taken.It turns out that they "don't cut women's hair", so I had to be somewhat assertive in saying that I came and waited for a haircut and I would like one. I have short hair and wanted just a trim on the sides and in the back. (My hair is slightly longer on top.) After initially resisting and saying he thought I was waiting for someone, the barber said he'd make an exception since I had waited.The barber (Dan, I think) did a good job at listening to what I wanted and did a good job in a short amount of time. He let me check the length after he cut one side, and cut it a "little tighter" when I asked. Overall he did a good, clean cut. And he double-checked his work after I letting me style my hair with some gel.I was charged $15, which is super reasonable for a woman's short haircut. But it would be nice to be acknowledged as a customer. Just because I'm a woman doesn't mean you can't cut my short hair.Nice old guys though. I'll go back if they'll make another "exception".
4	Read some reviews and decided to try them out. Im very pleased with the haircut and even more pleased with the price. Walked right in, no wait, asked for what i wanted and they delivered. Will be returning!
4	I appreciate this joint very much.  An amazing deal at 10 bucks (plus a few for tip). i can't quite get my hair exactly to the way I like it, mainly because I can't quite describe how I actually expect the final product to be, but they do a great job with my vague descriptions. this, and they get the haircut done in around 10 minutes.  even when there are three people ahead of me, I'm not worried about spending too much of my time waiting.
3	For $10, you are not going to beat the price anywhere.  And there is a certain appeal to it being old-school, from the decades old pictures of different hairstyles, to nostalgic pictures, and various awards pinned on the walls.Everyone was nice enough, and my cut was ok.  Like I said, you can't complain too much for $10.  I guess my preference is to pay a bit more for a nicer style and all around service.  My last go to place was State Street Barbers in Boston, and for $35 - you got a full 30 minutes, rinse/shampoo, and a little backrub at the end.  I think that's a better deal than $10 for 10 minutes.I'm probably just too much of a prima donna.
4	I'm so relieved to find a good old school barbershop! No more having to go expensive salons for a basic haircut.Dan Cercone's seems to be a pretty popular place so you might have a slight wait on a weekend day. But they get through the guys pretty quickly. The barbers are friendly and know their trade well. (Plus it's a Pitt-supporters place so a lot of friendly jawing going back and forth, haha).I know other reviewers have said they now take debit cards but they told me cash only. Still, $10 plus tip for a cut is great. I'll definitely be coming back!
5	Just went there for the first time today, very nice barbers and great price! Would recommend them to everyone!
4	Great place. Got my haircut there for the first time today. Great price too. Only negative - I wish they did a neck shave with a straight razor.
2	Last barber on the left was who helped me. Very nice but not very skilled. He uses plastic guards for his shears and also I noticed after washing my hair I have very thin parts that were cut much shorter than the rest of my hair. Luckily my hair grows fast. I trusted Yelp! reviews but they let me down. I may try one of the other barbers with real shears once more but I am hesitant to recommend or go back here with  confidence.
5	Lemme tell you, if you don't mind hanging out with some conservatives while getting you hair did, this is the place!Let me see here - $10?!? And I'm not bleeding afterward? That's what I need!In all seriousness, the dude did exactly what I requested, in about 8 minutes, and was  nice, I don't need anything else.
5	Quick, cheap, great haircut. Very friendly place. Will definitely be going back.
4	I've figured Dan out - no matter what you ask for, you get the same haircut. It's not bad, its just, you know, the Pittsburgh special. Super friggin' short. I'm getting my tattoo sleeves finished this week to better fit in this city.
5	Can't believe I spent so much money and so much time getting my hair cut at a variety of cookie cutter stores (Super Cuts, Borics, etc.) when this place was around.Cut is now $12 (was $10). Dennis is the man so ask for him. I've been there only 4 times so far and he remembers my exact cut already. I don't even need to say anything to him. My advice is to go early (between 7am and 8am) so you're not sitting around waiting.I consistently have a great hair cut here and I've never left feeling bad. I also have never gotten home and found stray hair or areas that were missed (which is something that was almost a given at the other big name stores)
5	I love these kind of barbershops.  Straight out of a Twilight Zone time warp. especially  the prices.  Very friendly (Pittsburgh is a friendly town to begin with.)  Quick cut.  Very nice if what you want is basic.
1	The last 3 or so times I've visited, they've been closed 15 minutes early.On the plus side, I've discovered I look damn good with longer hair.
5	You won't find a better haircut for the price in all of Pittsburgh. I spent my first year in Pittsburgh not knowing where to get a good haircut. I tried a bunch of different places, and often settled for an overpriced buzz at Supercuts. The day I found Dan Cercone was a life changer for me.If you go on a Saturday, one of their moms bakes cookies and has other random complimentary snacks. Following my last visit, I walked out of there looking sharp, munching on a vanilla Powerbar. (Only a couple munches, that thing was gross)
5	I am a big fan of Cercone's.  I tried out several places in the Lawrenceville and Bloomfield neighborhoods before landing here.  I give this place 5 stars for the quality and consistency of their cuts.  I was a regular of Steve (chair closest to the window); however, I had my hair cut by the other two fellows and both did a top notch job. I am a high and tight with a fade kind of guy.  Let me tell you, you will not get a better fade anywhere in town!  I received compliments on my hair about once a month from strangers at work, on the street, or while out and about.  If you are going for a classic cut, you can't go wrong with Cercone's!
5	A quality barber shop. It's cheap ($12 at the time of writing), the guys do your hair however you want it, and they're all genuinely friendly. Wait times are usually no longer than a few minutes - often there's no wait.They used to play Fox News 24/7, but thankfully that trend stopped a few months ago.I heartily recommend this shop to all of my guy friends in Pittsburgh.
5	This is my favorite place to get my haircut. I never had a bad experience with any of the barbers. I am very particular about my haircut, and they are always very accurate. I always traveled there from Oakland, because they did such a great job.
5	Recent transplant from Dallas and I was looking for a barbershop. Bloomfield is next door to Shadyside so it was an easy trek and street parking is very easy as well on Liberty and side streets. I entered and was greeted and took a seat with about 2 other guys waiting. Luckily to my surprise, I was the next in line and with only a 5 minute wait on a Thursday afternoon I was thrilled. The barber whom I do not recall his name, white hair with glasses did a great job fading the side of my hair as well as took just enough off the top. He asked me how I liked my hair and he followed the details correctly staying with the "conservative haircut" I needed; yet edgy. He was done in about 15 minutes and I was out the door. Cash only as this is an old school vibe barbershop so be prepared with cash. My cut was $12 plus tip. I will definitely be back!
