3	The Green Mango owners recently opened up an outpost at the Waterfront.  It's tiny, with two tables and bar stools, and they have a limited menu, but it's great for grabbing something to eat once your errands are finished.  They have a limited menu: two soups, four appetizers, two salads, sandwiches and entrees and a few curries.  I grabbed a pumpkin and tofu curry, which the girl whipped up in about five minutes, maybe less.  It was $6.95, and the portion was a bit smaller than those in the full-service restaurant, but I'm happy to pay a bit extra for the convenience of being able to grab some Thai food while I'm on the go.  They also sell a lot of drinks and some imported snacks like Pocky.  I'm not sure of their hours, but check them out if you're at the Waterfront around lunchtime.  They provide a nice halfway point between the convenience of fast food and the quality of a sit-down restaurant.
2	We checked this place out for the bubble tea. Although to be accurate, what they offer are bubble smoothies. They are definitely on the pricey side and they don't have a large selection, only four or five flavors.We've come three times, and every time our drinks have tasted totally different from the last. The only consistent thing is that the employees always seem very confused and don't seem to know exactly what they are doing. It always takes a really long time to get a drink and they are always carefully looking at the instructions to figure out what to do next. The first time I came the girl admitted she had never made one before, so I cut her some slack as this was right after the cafe first opened. That time my smoothie turned out very thin and more like a tea, but the bubbles were good. The second time it was way too thick with very little flavor and the bubbles were mushy and gross. The third time the smoothie was way too sweet and the bubbles were hard and gross.So basically I've given up on trying to get a decent bubble drink from this place...they really need to figure out a recipe and train their employees at some point.
4	We stopped in for a late lunch while visiting PGH.  The food was authentic and priced nicely.  Good clean restaurant and convenient.
