4	Still too soon to tell if I will love it but so far I really like it! This gym just opened 3 days ago. The membership is very affordable--just $10/month!
1	.On the advice of my personal trainer who happens to have just joined because he lives near the location,I went to join as well.We do our training sessions at my business location and not in any commercial gym.We are friends as well and he was just letting me know about an inexpensive off site location that's central to everything I do except work.So,I go in.There's 2 women behind the check in desk,and they're each checking in one person as I arrive.They both look up and see me there,and the first one who is done checking in the last person all of a sudden gets real busy staring at her cash register as if it's going to do a trick.She is pretending to do some function,but she's not good at pretending...She waits until the other counter person is done and as I walk up to her,the pretender is of course done with her invisible task.Nice....So The counter person who's telling me about the gym asks if I want to look around and I say no,I just need to sign up.This confuses her.So I explain my trainer is a member and has suggested this gym to me.All of a sudden,another woman appears and first wants to know why I wouldn't want a Lime membership and I explain there's no one I need to bring with me,and none of the other locations are near anywhere I ever am,so a basic membership will be fine.She begins to attempt to hard sell me on the Lime membership and again I tell her I can't get value for myself from it.It is a great deal and if it would be something I could use,I would have had no issue opting for it.Then she begins to chastise me about working out with someone who's not one of YouFit's trainers.She goes on to scold me, that if I am caught working out with someone,my memberhip would be revoked.I understand everyone has rules and liabilities they have to consider,but I really didn't need to be spoken to as if I was a 5 year old caught with my hand in the cookie jar.I really don't expect a lot from a place with such bare bones facilities and rock bottom pricing,but what I won't  tolerate is that kind of treatment.I don't care how cheap the gym is,nothing is worth being berated like that.I would suggest the slightest bit of courtesy  and customer service training will go a long way.YouFit,I have changed your name to YouSuck.I will gladly pay more to not  have to set foot into another YouSuck location ever again.
1	I wrote to their corporate,and they did respond with an apology and the offer of 2 month free membership.I appreciate the offer,but did decline.I am hopeful that they'll use my letter as constructive,give their employees better training(or screen potential hires better).Because my experience there was so incredibly negative,I am leaving this review at one star.
3	I think I like this gym, but it's a work in progreess.  I TRUST the people who work there and the price is right - it's really worth meeting with these folks and getting the price.  But it's a no-frills experience.  Here are some specifics:The gym is completely green and purple and looks bright, inviting and clean. There are not any windows, there is only one water fountain (no bubbler) and you have to bring your own towel. When I signed up, they offered me a free towel - but they didn't have any towels at the time. The 1st 2-3 weeks the gym equipment worked great, no issues, but  then things began to wear down. Someone popped a bosu (they only had 2 in the first place, so now we have to wait to use the 1 bosu).  In regards to the equipment, the last time we went the tv on one of the machines was stuck and this time one of the machines had an error message on the screen and we couldn't use it. The bathrooms are totally ugly.  Nothing is wrong with them, but they haven't got the bright, cheery look that the gym has.The equipment is awesome, every cardio machine has a TV and runs with an ipod!There is no clock in the gym space and the TV/Equipment doesn't have a clock.  They just recently put a miniature clock up, but I can't read it at all from the treadmills, etc.  Really silly.  The font on the messaging and logos for the gym are huge, you could read it across the parking lot, but the clock is a regular small clock, like you would have in a student classroom.The people who work there are really, really  nice. I love Stephanie who was the manager, but I am not sure she is still the manager.  Personal Training here is awesome.  I just love the personal trainers who work in the gym.  We had great assessments (thanks Rusty) and now I work with Mitch. I love him. He's soft spoken, serious about fitness, funny, and charming. It's easy to work hard for him and if he stays there, we will keep coming back.  We have recommended him to many...he's just really great.  I want to give this place a 4th star...maybe some more equipment on the floor (bosu balls, excercise balls, foam rollers, trx, etc.) and a BIG clock for us old ladies who have bad eyes would afford them another star.  Keep up the good work and welcome to North Central PHX!!!
5	This gym offers clean, upscale equipment and very friendly service for a price that makes my chin hit the ground.  Nowhere in Phoenix will you find this caliber of workout facility for such a low low price.  The monthly fee is a small fraction of what I have paid in the past for facilities that were nowhere near this nice--$10 a month (I have paid more than this for a one-day guest pass other places)!OK there aren't a lot of bells and whistles (i.e. no pool, sauna, courts), but for your basic cardio and weight training, it is *perfect*.  I am impressed by the number of staff members there at any time of the day, and they always seem to be cleaning with a smile, offering help, etc.  The location is super convenient, and you feel good knowing you are supporting a company that is trying to do their part to go green.  Kudos YouFit!  I can't wait until you open your location in Scottsdale!
4	This gym is pretty cool actually. I love the fact that even when I go after work, there are enough cardio machines that I do not have to wait around.  The space is big and it has a lot of updated equipment.  The staff is always friendly and always says hi!  I even saw one of the trainers helping someone change their tire outside. The price is even better than the actual gym.  SO far so good with my experiences there!
1	I do not recommend this gym. Like Jack C., I too was charged an annual fee that I was never told about. When I joined the gym, I worked nearby so it was convenient. When I changed jobs, it was too far for me to travel. I was told that I would still have to come in to cancel my membership, I could not do it by phone. VERY inconvenient. When I did go in to cancel, they charged me a $25 fee that I was also never told about. They also charged me my monthly dues two days AFTER charging me the cancellation fee. I think that the reason they only charge $10 a month is because they have all these hidden fees that they don't warn you about. If you are looking into joining, make sure you ask about ALL extra fees they will be charging you. I will never go back to You Fit.
4	I just joined this gym and so far I love it!  Staff is very friendly and helpful.  I feel comfortable working out here because there are other members that are also overweight who are in there working out.  At other gyms that I looked at, I didn't see a single person who didn't look athletic.  Also, the price is very decent.   They have nice equipment, and machines are plentiful.
4	We all blow ten bucks daily between gas or eating out. Why not apply it to our health? Well with YouFit you can. There membership dues are $10 a month to month after a $29 annual fee. Pay $20 bucks a month with zero down for a lime card and you can bring a guest with you or visit any location. No gimmicks and no contracts. This green workout facility and health club is very basic. With green and purple as their core colors it is a clean environment that offers basic cardio equipment and weight training. There are only maybe 3 classes a week. The classes are Circuit Training only at this facility.  This is really a place to work-out because there is no basketball courts, pool or place to bring small children. This location hours are 5am until midnight Monday thru Friday, 5am until 10pm on Friday. Then on Saturday and Sunday they are open 8am until 8pm. They offer personal training sessions from well seasoned trainers. Matter of fact I have landed one of the best trainers I have ever had. This place is perfect for the money. I will also add they have a small refrigerator with a variety of drinks. If you're a lime card member you get half price on the drinks.  The only thing I think could use some shape up is bathrooms. They are not as attractive the rest of the facility and they seem very run down for a new place.
3	I just joined a few days ago.  While I enjoy the gym (so far), I thought i should let others know that the prices they advertise online are not the prices they charge you if you join the gym IN PERSON.  Although it is not stated anywhere on the website that I can see, those prices are for ONLINE registration only.  Had I known they were going to charge me more for joining the gym "in person" I never would have done it.  I do feel that it was a little deceptive, and I am not thrilled about starting things off on such a negative note.  But let the buyer beware.......Update:  After contacting the staff, they said that they would have honored the online price....if I had mentioned it.  After a few emails back and forth, they offered to waive a month's fees.  I appreciate their effort to right the situation.  Only posting this so that others who are considering joining will know enough to check the price before they sign.  Still think the website is a little misleading, because there is no mention of higher prices when registering at the gym.
1	Valpak sent a coupon that said in no uncertain terms that Youfit was offering a free month or discount if two people sign up.  NO OBLIGATION and no ** for further restrictions.  I walk in, get the tour from a nice young Marine, and then ask about the coupon.  He doesn't know since he is new.  He asks Ryan, the ACTING manager who doesn't know his a** from his other a**.  He sits in the "Manager" room facing me a few feet away and calls this GM.  He doesn't even have the courtesy to walk from around the desk to speak with me personally even though I am standing there watching him.  I could have had a normal conversation with this guy, that's how close we were.  It was like watching a clown act.Fast forward...I'm signing up with Marine guy who is taking my information.  Red Ryan  (red hair) walks over with chest puffed out and tells me that I have to pay $50 to sign up in order to get the free month.  I debate this and explain that there is nothing uncertain about the offer.  He spatters out some "facts" which make no sense and when I challenge them on him he says that it's just the deal.  He didn't even know about this deal before I had walked in.  ACTING manager?  How apropos- BAD acting.  He goes to make another call to the GM and confirms this with me, much nicer this time, that I have to sign up in order to get the free month.  Wow.  BAIT AND SWITCH...either by Valpak or this "gym."  Important to note that I am not sure who in their right mind can work out at this place with the bright green walls, purple and green equipment, green employee shirts...AAAAHHHHHH!  It's just awful.  They wasted my time and made me miss the car wash.  Damn them.
1	I was really excited to join you fit because it was inexpensive and easy. supposedly. I have had a couple of problems with them since I joined. The first was  the repeated calls I got bothering me to do personal training. I would try to call back to ask that they not call me and nobody ever answered the phone. I was really disappointed in them selling to me on my phone. I was assured that they were a no hassle gym which was why I joined in the first place. They proved to be a hassle and stalk just like pure fitness. The second issue was that after only having the membership about 2 months they charged me for yearly maintenance. It felt like a scam since supposedly the charge is in case you stay past the one year mark. The third issue is in trying to cancel my membership. I have the 19.99 membership which is for a year. I moved to California after losing my job this summer. You fit would not let me out of my membership even though they do not have gyms in this area. I have to pay out the length of my membership. When I asked for a corporate number I was given an email address by a very cheerful manager. Thirdly is the customer service. The woman I just spoke to was very cheerful. Having done customer service for decades I understand that that is passive aggressiveness at its finest. She knew I was upset (though I never raised my voice) but opted to be condescending instead of helpful. I think their slogans are misleading. I have never had a company not let me out of a contract when they don't offer those services in the area I am moving too. Typically they give a 50 mile allowance. I would love it if they were in Long Beach but alas they are not, yet they are making me pay for a membership that I cannot use. I would think twice before signing a contract with youfit. I'm very disappointed that I did. There are absolutely strings attached to this gym membership.
2	I joined Youfit two days ago and am already beginning to regret it. I don't mind all of the additional fees that pop up when you sign up for the gym (sign up fees, cancellation fees, first and last months payment, etc), but now they are calling on a regular basis to pressure me into giving them a checking account number, which I guard like my social security number.I pay with cards or cash and do not give out my bank account number to ANYONE. Especially not to a gym that forces you initial a waiver when you join stating they can sell your marketing information to affiliates.
1	I've been a member here since they opened and I've come to the conclusion that this place sucks. I should have listened to my wife from the start but gave them to many chances. There are no designated areas to stretch or do pilometrics. There are 200 lockers in the mens room and one six foot bench to sit on, ONE!  If there is more than 2 guys in there you have to sit on in like some sort of men's gay rowboat team to fit. They don't allow outside equipment, meaning you can't jump rope or use resistance bands. And they offer no classes or education.At first glance its seems like a sweet deal. Low monthly fees and no contracts. They still ding you on annual membership and cancellation fee, which averages out to the same as 24hr, LA Fit, and Gold's. Katie the manager also couldn't explain how my card was double dinged on fees and offered no remedy. This experience irritated me so much I paid the extra $25 cancellation fee to never come here again.That's right, I would rather become fat and out of shape, shaving years off my life, rather than step foot in this gym again.
5	YouFit is great! I love that it's never too crowded so the machines I love are always available. Since I'm a LimeCard member, I get drinks at half price and have unlimited guest privileges, so my boyfriend can come with me whenever he wants. It's basically two memberships for the price of one! And for just 20 bucks a month who can complain? I highly recommend this place if you're looking for a nice, simple gym with no fancy gimmicks.
4	I really love this gym.  It is large, clean and open long hours.  Additionally, each machine has an individual TV so you can either watch or plug your iPod/iPhone in and listen to music.  The machines are also all set up to download your workout information into your device.If you have a lime card, all drink are 1/2 off... so 32 ounces of bottled water is $1.I moved from LA Fitness (20th and Camelback) and couldn't be happier with that decision.
1	I wish I could give no stars or negative 5 stars. I did what they asked. I was told to send in a certified letter (which was a total pain but I did it) asking to cancel my membership in November so that my December payment would not go through. I DID THAT. They of course charged me for December. They claimed to have told me that I would have to pay December, this is not true. They told me quite clearly that November would be my LAST payment. My contract started December 2nd 2011. They are forcing me to pay for another December per my 12 month contract. Perhaps the people at you fit are not great with math. Charging me for another December is 13 months not 12. They would not let me speak to a manager. Instead the girl I spoke with kept placing me on hold, going over the account with a manager, coming back and speaking to me again, offering me no further assistance. She did not hang up on me she just stopped speaking till I finally just released the call. WORST customer service experience ever. And to clarify, I have just paid for 4 months of a gym membership that I cannot use because they have NO LOCATIONS in Long Beach. This is experience is so ridiculously bad I cannot even wrap my head around it. GO TO A BETTER GYM!  Preferably one who will not charge you monthly after you lost your job and have to move to another state, a state where they don't provide service.
5	Love! Clean, great location, and it makes paying for two gym membership feel totally okay. (truly yes $10.00 a month) We have been members for over7 months and we really have enjoyed this gym. This week I think I am going to inquire about personal training, they seem to keep busy and keep the same staff...so it has me convinced!
1	Just as everyone else mentioned, they will fee you to death! I was fortunate enough to have them waive the late fees since THEY input the wrong cc number. The gym is not worth the hassle involved when you do have to cancel.
1	Negative Stars!Worst Gym ever, beware they are all about the money and lie about their cancellation policies!My wife and I had to pay 80 dollars to cancel our membership while their website still claims "no hassle, no obligation", avoid joining this gym at all costs!
2	I would have normally liked to give this place a five star and for some of the people there I would independently.  Look out for the new manager Hadar, she can talk at you, note your account and policy you right out of there.  The problem is mostly with all the policy especially for the plan to bring a friend along.   You have to sign in the sheet every time and have a drivers license with you.  Save the hassle and just join up each person to avoid the cumbersome hassles at the front desk.  Otherwise they have lots of cardio and machine based workout equipment and keep it up very well.  Too bad they don't find more importance with treating members with more importance and find better solutions...guess that's why BBB rating is an F... too bad its a great concept gym.
1	I hope you read before you sign........BEWARE of this gym when you want to cancel........ I have used the gym 3 times over the year I paid. I went to cancel and they said I have to go in the gym to do so. Well if I don't go to work out why would I go in to cancel, I put it in writting and sent it to the corporate off just to have the local gym respond. I also was charge all these hidden fees that they do not disclose because I did not go into the gym to cancel. Now they won't cancel my membership until the balance of unnessary charges is paid in full, which means they want to keep charging me a monthly fee. Guess its true when they say something in sounds to good to be true ($10 a month) it very much is, this compmnay will bend you which ever way to get an extra $ out of you!!! Truely sad, and makes for poor customer service.
1	Could I tell you anything about the fitness experience at YouFit?  I would if I could, but my friend and I didn't get that far in the process.I walked in and the guy at the counter offered to show us around since I explained that I would like to check the gym out.  I swear that this guy was on drugs with the way he was talking and his sudden ADD movements that he was experiencing.  And he had his back turned to us the whole time, so I couldn't even hear a word that he said.We asked if we could get a session to try the gym out and said that we would have to pay $10 for a guest pass.  Really???  The Village even offers a 7 day free  pass to make sure I like it before I would sign up. He then said his boss would kill him for saying this, but if we went online, we could get a free pass.  What????The fees are ridiculous, and with the way this guy was acting, we definitely didn't feel comfortable giving our information out.  When we were going through the process of payment, the YouFit associate then said, "Oops, there is another fee. It's for maintenance."My friend and I looked at one another and left.  This was not the place for us.
1	This company and facility are dishonest and the only category that fits here is the "UNFIT" for business category.  They run the typical gym membership contract scam that never ends.  DO NOT go into this facility and get ripped off by the cheap monthly fee because the hidden fees and hassle when you try to cancel are not worth it.  In March, 2013, I was told I had a past due of a month along with a recurring annual dues, which I believe I was charged twice for in less than 12 months.  I went in and spoke to the regional manager, HADAR who told me what I owed and filled out the cancellation paperwork.  I paid what the computer indicated on that date was owed along with the cancellation fee, only to be billed over a month later in a letter stating that my account was past due for "monthly dues".  I called and asked to speak to Ms. HADAR, who told me the past due was not for monthly past due fees, but was for the yet again "past due" annual fee. I even had a receipt indicating that I had made the past due payment and the cancellation fee signed by Ms. HADAR.  When I asked that the "past due" annual fee be waived because it was NOT on my account when I cancelled, the manager HADAR, refused to do so even though she was the one who took my payments and filled out the cancellation form.  So UNFIT's policy is for the location to continue to show your account as active to claim that you still owe fees,  even though a receipt for payment indicates paid in full and membership cancelled and corporate can then harass you for more money. If you read other reviews you can see the pattern that UNFIT has established as policy to steal money.  This place should not have one star but the YELP review does not give me the option of choosing not to give a star.  My next step is the Attorney General's Office, Consumer Fraud complaint.
1	(Chandler location) I called to cancel my membership and was told to call the manager, I called the manager and he said I have to come in, I came in and was told that I had to pay 25.00 to cancel and that I will be charged for yet another month!  Why didn't the manager tell me this??? This is the very reason I haven't joined a club for quite some time, total bull####!  I may have re-joind at some point and canceled because I hurt my back...I will say that I will now never re-join this club ever again.  I will tell all of my friends that in spite of the fact that you advertise that you can stop at any time it doesn't mention that you will thoroughly piss people off before they can cancel.  I hope that the 25.00 plus the additional 15.00 they are bilking from me does it for them because that is the LAST bit of money they will receive from me!!
1	I shouldn't have signed up for a gym membership.  That was my fault for not knowing myself well enough to know that I wouldn't use it.  What I didn't realize though, is how difficult it would be to end my contract.  I moved to another part of the valley and don't have any locations close enough to feasibly keep going, even if I wanted to.  And my schedule is such that traveling to cancel is a huge pain.  It would have been nice to have the option to cancel by phone or email and not have the only two options be in person or certified letter.  WTF who sends certified letters any more?!  Apparently after your contract ends you become month-to-month BUT they still charge you that $30 maintenance fee.  For what exactly?  You don't have a contract any longer and in my case I'm not even going there anymore so they just keep taking more and more money from me.  $50 this month alone for a service I'm not using.  I had my bank stop payment since others are having an issue with them still charging them after they cancel, and I will be there Friday to end this once and for all.  EDITED TO ADD: Went in to cancel and they want to charge me $20 to cancel.  And they were rude to me.  F$@k that, this company will never get another penny out of me.  I'm writing them a certified letter and if they continue to try to charge me no biggie because my bank won't pay out.  I wish I could give this place 0 stars.  Buyer beware!They were a moderately okay gym (okay except for a serious problem with a leaking air conditioner every time I went) but their customer service and shady policies leave something to be desired.  I would never recommend them to anyone.
1	I am so upset right now....they just keep taking my money....i paid 60+ bucks to have it cancelled including processing fee, overdue they said which i didnt know that i have to go to the gym to actually cancel my account so i had to pay 10 bucks for that---but fine i did pay for it then another 15 bucks for the next month which totaled 60+(it hurts but i did pay it anyway i just want to get it over with)....then i was so surprised that they deducted $15 bucks again in 2 weeks and another $29 bucks just recently. WTF!!!!. I went to the gym to settle the problem and this guy told me he cant help me and that i had to talk to the manager. Well he was able to process and deducted 60 dollars on my account when i wanted it cancelled and now he cant take a look at my account anymore and see what is the problem?....really???? YOUFIT you better return my money back!!!!
5	I've been coming to this gym for 6months and have no complaints. Has everything (almost) you need .. Staff always greets you warmly upon entrance and exit. Plan to be here for a while. Satisfied client, healthier, stronger and feeling great.
2	Parking is horrible, but then again you get what you pay for.  The fitness center itself is nice, but it takes an average of 15-20 minutes to find a parking spot.  I think I'll spend the extra money for a health club with ample parking.
1	Scottsdale Rd & ThomasWent in fully intending to join but the pricing and extra fees coupled with first and last month up front on top of activation fee etc.You get my point!!! The big problem was the 16 year old girl who knew nothing about the club or it's policies was no help at all!!! When she approached "the manager" for help, he ran into a back room never to be seen again.So it was just me and the little girl staring at each other for 10 minutes till I leftI really though finally a gym with no Bullsh*t high pressure sales or complicated contracts. I was so wrong!!! beware of this place big time!!!!!
1	YOUFIt Chandler - THANK GOD MY DEBT CARD EXPIRED!!!!  I joined and 10 months into my membership, my card expired  I was no longer using facility so went in the following month to cancel.  Paid 2 months dues and 25 cancellation fee and signed paperwork.  A few weeks later I started getting text on my phone that my membership was past due.   Called and was told over the phone they would talk to Manager and push it through.  Text continued,  Went in  and was told my cancellation was pending and manager would take care of and they had me sign another cancellation form.Text continued so my husband went in, they still showed in their system that I canceled but had it marked pending.  He signed more paperwork to cancel my membership.  Again started getting phone calls three months after I canceled and it was a law firm stating I owed YOUFIT $167.00!!!!!  I was livid.  I explained to them I had canceled and they wanted to know if i had paperwork.  I  said no, but I have my receipt where I paid up including cancellation fee but I never received copies of cancellation notices that  we signed.  They said they needed copies.Called YOUFIT again and finally had to go down there and talk to manager Joey.  After din-king around, they finally agreed that I had canceled back in April.  I asked them to call collection attorney and he said they could not do that.  We asked for paperwork and were told there was not paperwork he could give us to show collection attorney, but he would take care of it.I called collection law firm on the spot and explained that I was at the club, was told no paper to show proof and would they talk to manager.. I forced the manager to talk to collection attorney. When we left there we were promised that it would all be taken care of.  I received a follow up voice mail the following day from Manager that it was all cleared up with collection attorney.  WHAT A MESSAfter researching I see that BBB has given them an F rating in Florida for same issues.  If my card had not expired and I tried to cancel, the draws would have gone on and on and one.  I would suggest if this happens get a new debit card or close down checking account.  It such poor business practice.My husband is still a member  but thinks after all this he will cancel his membership this  year.  I told him to start now because it will take at least the rest of the year to finally get it stopped.  NEVER AGAIN
1	WHAT A MISTAKE!  I GOT FUNGUS UNDER MY ARM FROM THIS GYM!!! If there was a no-star option, that is what I would give them!I have had my membership here for over a year and have not used it very often, but I have recently decided to try to get healthy and back in shape! The very first time I go back to this gym in months I get no friendly greeting, only awkward stares! As I am on the elliptical, two men who work for the gym are cleaning the machine right next to me for over 15 minutes! They wiped the same area (bottom of the machine where you stand to start). After that, they put away the cleaning equipment and did not clean anything else (no weight equipment or any other machine). I thought this was very odd (and being a young female, a little uncomfortable they only cleaned the machine right next to me) but I moved on in my workout. I then used only 4 different weight machines for my legs and left. The very next morning I wake up to find a bumpy, itchy and burning under arm (I will come back and attach photos). I go to my derm and he asked what I have been doing the past 24 hours. I said all I have done was go to the gym, I did not do anything else or go anywhere else that day. After looking over the horrific area he tells me that this is "athletes foot fungus" and that I needed to get Lotramin (best anti-fungus cream). I know this can take over 8 weeks to be healed!Soon after I went back to the Youfit gym to talk to a manager and there was no manager on as it was a weekend. I showed the shift lead my fungus and he said someone would call us back. After some phone tag of back and forth, they offered to waive our membership fee for ONLY 2 MONTHS! I was extremely upset that after $30 at my derms office, plus $20 for 2 tubes of the anti-fungus cream not to mention the pain, discomfort, disgusting look and now scaring on my arm from this fungus, that all I deserve is $50 of paid membership which is only for 2 months?!?! (which they never did give us-or apply to our account)I called back and spoke with the "General Manager", Albert. After having to endure this fungus on my arm (can't let my husband and other loved ones and friends hug me, or borrow a friend's sweater in fear I may pass this fungus I got from this gym to them!) I really felt I should be compensated a little better than $50 of paid membership-only 2 months (that same amount I have already paid out of pocket due to getting the fungus at their gym in the first place!!) Albert let me know that I couldn't prove I got it at their gym and that they were just being "nice" in offering me the two months of membership free. I explaining everything to him that I have been thru and he basically told me that I was lying and that "he knew there was no equipment I could have gotten this fungus from" (Even thou he had not seen my fungus nor did he ask exactly where it was located before he called me a liar!.) I had to explain where exactly the fungus was on my underarm and also which equipment I used. He then returned to the "well you can't prove you got the fungus here" bit. He also commented that they have had no other complaints (like he would tell me even if they did-plus I called the day I found out what it was and advised them to re-clean their equipment). Albert stated how long it had been since they heard from us, but no one ever tried to call me once so how was I to know how long it had been since they supposedly "contacted" me??I will be cancelling my membership with this company, which is a huge shame because it was convenient in having many locations, but if me being a member to this gym is only worth $50 to them, I sure do not want to work out here or give them another dime of my hard-earned money!! That is pretty sad to treat a customer who has been with your gym for over a year this way! We were kind and patient with them from the start but all we got in return is a fungus I will have a scar on my arm from the rest of my life, and oh ya...and being called a liar!!I work in customer service and never in my life would I treat someone with such a huge issue as the way I was treated! Not to mention when we signed up we were told we would be paying $15 a month and after signing up it turned into $25 a month!A word to the wise...if you care about where you spend your hard earned money at and want to keep your body fungus free, I would recommend not going here!
5	I havent had to cancel my membership which all of the bad reviews seem to be centrally located on that theme, but i must say that my experience with them for the past year has been above satisfactory. Very clean, always greeted with a smile, no waiting for equipment which is taken for granted until you walk into an LA Fitness and wait 20 minutes to get a bench press, and the clientele is friendly. Some gyms offer a different variety of equipment, but theres no reason why you can't find a machine or weight set to work out every muscle in your body.
1	The gym is clean. I don't use the locker room unless no other choice such as going from work. It is not on my regular travel pattern and joined of what seemed to be a very reasonable price....hahahahaha.I belong to another health club, I am active, fit and know my way around the equipment. It's just not a club I go to often enough to continue paying for.I noticed recently that the monthly fee went up to $15. Wow a 50% increase. I wouldn't go to the same gas station or coffee house if they had a 50% increase.  I went in for a last work out and found out I will have to pay $25 to cancel. I can not stop laughing at what a racket that is to charge people that have been on time and completing their portion of the agreement. I have been trying to think of how many services I use and when I have chosen to cancel there was a fee to cancel.....hmmmm......that would be......ZERO!!Lesson learned! More importantly not to be repeated.
4	Basic gym with cardio equipment, free weights, and weight machines. No classes or the latest and greatest equipment, but it's the right price ($10 or $20 per month) if you just want to exercise and lift weights. They do push personal training, pretty hard, though, which can get annoying. The entry level membership carries an extra up-front fee, the $20/mo membership allows you to bring a guest every time you come in.Basic gym with cardio equipment, free weights, and weight machines. No classes or the latest and greatest equipment, but it's the right price ($10 or $20 per month) if you just want to exercise and lift weights. They do push personal training, pretty hard, though, which can get annoying. The entry level membership carries an extra up-front fee, the $20/mo membership allows you to bring a guest every time you come in.
3	I went to this gym for about a year and liked that it was only $10 a month. The machines are adequate/nice and even have TVs and fans on some. The bathrooms always stunk (seems like they need some ventilation). The parking lot was full a lot and that was before they built the ZTejas so I'm sure it will be worse now.My major complaint is that about 6 months after cancelling, I got a call from an attorney saying that I owed $250 dollars because I did not cancel my membership properly. Not sure how that is possible since I went in and filled out all of the paperwork. I called UFit and was told to come in and talk to a manager. I did, the manager was very helpful, and made it all go away with no payment. I was satisfied with how it was handled but very unhappy that it had come up at all.Still, I would consider going back because of the low price and the LA Fitness I go to now sucks and is 3x as much.
2	This is a decent gym for someone that is new to working out. Once you get familiar with everything there it becomes pretty boring because there are no classes, no rubber bands, no TRX or any other option to switch it up. I purchased a Groupon to get the membership and truly that was all that it was worth. Everyone is pretty nice but the gym is lame. They keep the gym pretty clean, however, they mop and vacuum right around you while you are stretching or on the treadmill. The products that they use have a pretty strong smell and have caused me to feel sick from breathing it in and I have actually had to end my workout. I did email them regarding the cleaning product because it is pretty gnarly and I was disappointed with their response. I would not renew my membership there.
5	Great place to work out ! I love coming here, the staff is great, they're always around to help you out
5	I've been going here for a year and a half now with no complaints. It's clean, good parking, not a lot of intimidation, and no behind the scenes bullshit that you hear about the "other" gym down the street. It's simple, fees are accurate and up front. One request???  Cold water in the fountain???  Please??The employee turnover is faster than the rotation of holidays. Why is there such a high turn over??
4	I don't understand why this gym doesn't have more stars.Look, this is a no frills gym...that's why it cost ten dollars a month!  I love it here!  Everything is always super clean and well maintained.  There are plenty of each machine so that, even during peak hours, you get your sweat on the way you desire.  The front desk people are nice and I don't care that they clean around me while I work out.  They're just trying to keep the place presentable.  I mean, someone is cleaning EVERY SINGLE time I go, and I go a lot!  I'd much rather be in a gym like that than one where stuff is dirty.  Duh.I find that there is a good mix of people here.  There are definitely the roided out meat head dudes, but there are tons of average folks like myself just trying to stay fit.  I guess I'm trying to say that I don't ever feel awkward or self conscious when I'm here.  From the windows to the walls.
5	You can't beat youfit. It's affordable and the second cleanest gym I've been too. Great service all the time and they're open late enough to fit my schedule. I really enjoy attending this gym.
1	Youfit seemed like a great idea but like a previous reviewer said, it gets boring!  Needs to have classes as an option.  Nobody follows the rules in the Circuit workout area.  Drives me nuts. Went to cancel this month, December, and noticed i was charged $29 for the next year's maintenance fees and $25 cancellation fee. I asked if I could be refunded the maintenance fees because I shouldn't help pay for next year's maintenance if I'm no longer a member and canceling before the next year starts!!  They told me they need a 10 day notice before a charge is made to your card to be refunded. What?!?!? Sorry I don't have my crystal ball with me to warn me when you are going to charge me a hidden fee!!!!  Boooooo Youfit!!!!  Good riddance!!!!!!
5	Been a member of this gym for 6 months now and I like it. Always clean, staff are friendly, and its never so crowded that I can't find an available machine. The parking lot is kinda busy sometimes but I've always been able to get a spot.Seems to be lots of issues with Youfit here on Yelp but for $10/month whaddaya expect?
1	Horrible equipment. !!!! Horrible experience  !!!!After moving out of state.  They really make it tough to cancel a membership. I've been trying to get this done for 4 months now !! They will make you send a Certified letter to cancel and charge $ 30 plus Dollars to cancel .  Spend the extra money and go 24 Hour of LA fitness !!
1	What a terrible experience! If you never want to cancel your gym membership and don't mind that your monthly fees increase each year, then sure go ahead and waste your money at this gym. I thought it was an ok place to workout  at but after moving out of state and attempting to cancel we have gotten nothing but the run around. I should thank the first representative I spoke with for conveniently leaving out the fact that two checks also needed to be included for a $25.00 cancellation processing fee with the certified cancellation letters. It was not until I had already paid to send a letter for me and one for my husband that we then got a call saying the checks were also required. I called to make a payment over the phone, but guess what folks they can only process a payment if you physically come into the location you signed up at. Basically, it becomes intentionally difficult for you to cancel a contract even when  you are offering to pay the fee over the phone. Looking back at this whole thing I would think they would actually have nicer equipment with all the fees they are collecting. Also kudos to YouFit for promoting business for USPS! Can't wait to make another visit to my friendly post office to mail our second set of certified checks and letters
1	I was a little, make that a LOT, unsure about giving a bank account number to pay for membership fees and should have listen to my gut. I have tried to camel my membership and was told I have to come in person to do this or send a certified letter to cancel. After explaining I have moved out of state and work "post office" hours, can the cancellation be emailed? Nope. I talked with a manager, then another supervisor and they are not accommodating at all. Well, I spent my Saturday in line at post office, sent the letter, and then found out it had to reach them 10 days before the billing cycle to not be charged for the up coming month AND that I had to pay an additional $25.00 processing fee to cancel (REALLY? A fee to cancel???!) which was not disclosed by any of the 4 people I spoke with when I had initially called to cancel. This place should change their name to "YOUFILL my pockets".
1	If I could give zero stars, I would.  I was in temporary housing for two months.  I explained to YouFit my need for ONLY TWO MONTHS membership.  They insisted, "no problem".  Today they took money out of my checking account ... I am no longer in the area ... when I called to address it, they said I would have to cancel 30 days previous, and send a "certified letter" to cancel my membership!  REALLY, A CERTIFIED LETTER?  YouFit misrepresented themselves 1,000%!  They NEVER mentioned what it would take for me to no longer have to pay monthly.  I truly feel taken advantaged.  They staff at YouFit seem like it is all about you ... but it is not ... it is all about how they have their gimmicks!
2	This gym doesn't care about renewal customers on prepaids.  Parking is like Mad Max beyond Thunderdome.  Two men entering one man leaves!  When staff advised me of my renewal they shot me $200 for one year.  I ended up signing up at LA fitness getting $20 per month.   Staff is friendly and machines are clean. Men's bathroom has almost always one stall that's trashed.  My friend has had his locker broken into and wallet stolen.  U Fit you are not a good fit after all.   Pay a bit extra and get a lot more....
1	I am not a fan of this gym. Do yourself a favor and open a member ship where they actually give a shit about you.
1	$10 a month? Look out for the hidden fees! Why join a place that's dishonest about fees? Read what Alan H. has to say. "They will make you send a Certified letter to cancel and charge $ 30 plus Dollars to cancel"  I go to Tangible Fitness. Locally owned "No Hidden Fees & Reasonable Monthly Rates"
5	I love this gym. It's got a lot of equipment so you're never waiting, and the staff is super friendly. They don't work on commission, so you won't get hassled to sign up for a PT or anything else. You can just go, work out, and go home. It's nice. And they have TV's on their cardio equipment! Bonus!
1	THIS GYM IS HORRIBLE!! DO NOT EVER GO THERE!! They are CROOKS! They say it's $10/month, but they don't mention all the hidden fees. AND unless you cancel on the first day of the month, they'll charge you for the next month! So, I just tried to cancel my account, it is only June 10th, and I'm getting charged for the month of July!The employees are rude. The managers are assholes. The trainers are rude. A lot of their equipment have broken parts. The drinking fountain water is warm. They do not offer any classes. I was lied to by omission the day I signed up. When I told this to a manager the day I tried to cancel, she basically called me a liar and refused to waive the extra fees.Seriously, DO NOT USE this gym!! After all the hidden fees, it's closer to $20 a month than $10 a month, and at that rate, just spend a little extra and join a GOOD gym instead.
1	As everyone has said... DO NOT SIGN UP unless you wish to pay all sorts of hidden fees and unless you want to go through hell to get out. I honestly don't know how these guys are allowed to get away with this crap. Yelping is fine but what about someone stopping them from being criminals??  Doesn't the BBB shut down criminal behavior?
4	What are these "hidden fees" people keep talking about?  I was clearly made aware of all the fees when I signed up before I signed the dotted line and read all the fine print. So I am curious what the buzz is about?  This is a very nice gym.
4	I've read the reviews and here is my take:I've been coming to this Youfit for about a year and a half. I personally love it and feel that what I pay for it is a steal. I rotate Youfit and Gold's Gym downtown throughout the week (depending on my workout buddy). What I truly appreciate about Youfit is that it is very spacious and I NEVER have to wait for a machine. The gym is never packed and is squeaky clean the majority of the time. It has all the machines and weights I need, and they are always available (unlike other gyms). I personally like the layout of the gym, it makes it feel less claustrophobic. The staff is always sweet and friendly. Everyone at this gym is there to work out and I always feel comfortable here. There is always someone cleaning around. The locker rooms are not fancy, but if you do not use them much it will not affect your workout. Yes there is an annual fee, but even with the fee the membership is worth it. I don't understand why Youfit gets such a bad rap on Yelp. I go a few times a week and love this place. There are no classes, pool, sauna ect. Just machines and weights to get your workout on. If you are looking for a place to grind and meet fitness goals, this place is great. Go Youfit :)
4	I love my little gym. There's no fuss, all of the equipment works well. I always seem to be able to get on to the machines I want without waiting. (Except maybe the bench press as it seems like that's where the meat heads like to stay for the whole 30-40 mins I'm there, like THE WHOLE TIME.) Any who, the staff is friendly, fast checking in, like I said no fuss. Oh and they have this cool circuit workout setup, for a well rounded 20 minute workout. All of the machines are green instead of purple, and you watch the stop light on the wall and do your thing. I enjoy my $20/month to be able to bring whoever I want, and go to any location I want.
1	The only gym I have ever been too that you cannot jump rope in, It was my first day at the gym after singing up yesterday and I was asked to go outside to jump rope.... No one told me when I signed up I would not allowed to jump rope, I'm a boxer who's gym just closed down and I was hesitant in joining a non boxing gym. I figured I'd beable to jump rope between sets as I enjoy it, not unless I want to go outside....they say there's not enough room and their gym is too small which isn't the case I have trained in small gyms haha and there is still room .bullshit
5	I'm so thankful that a gym like youfit exists for someone like me. I've never been an athletic person, drink a ton of coffee because I have no energy, and stay really busy in general. Realizing it was a time for change, I went to youfit after a number of people recommended it to me as a no frills, affordable gym. I spend my money carefully but also believe in making sound investments, which is why after my first training session I decided to commit to a session every week. It is extremely affordable, I am learning how to do exercises I never knew existed (or lazily attempted to do on my own with no results), and I already feel better about myself-and my decision.I get why this gym is not for everyone, no pool, sauna, courts, etc. But, if like me, you are someone with only a few hours to spare a week on a tight budget, I highly recommend youfit!
5	Signed up for training with professional and knowledgable trainer, Andre today!Looking forward to a great You Fit experience. Super helpful at the front desk. Clean and no pressure atmosphere. Thanks!
4	I really like this gym for their machines, they have the basics and are in very good shape. I don't know about their personal trainers and staff personally, but for going in and getting a work out..it works and works well.
5	This is my own review and also a response to some bad reviews that I read here.I was looking for a new gym and read a lot of online reviews. I almost eliminated Youfit based on some bad reviews, but am glad I didn't. I signed up for a free visit online and went to the gym a half hour later. When I arrived I expected to be worn down by some high pressure sales tactics, but all I heard was "have a good workout."This gym is clean. They have regular cleaning people to do the heavy lifting, but the staff is constantly wiping down equipment and policing the floors. Whoever owns this place is obviously familiar with the phrase "if you have time to lean, you have time to clean."  The locker rooms are nothing fancy, but I personally am not looking for fancy in a gym. I was looking for functionality and that is what they have.The machines are top notch and I have never had to wait for any kind of machine. The machines are new and I have seen two repair men working on them on two occasions. Everything breaks, but Youfit keeps them repaired, unlike some others. The staff are friendly and welcoming. I'm very sensitive to that and would have walked out the first day if I sensed something strange in the environment. I have asked them a couple times to explain something and they are happy to do so. I always get a "have a good workout" on the way in and "enjoy the rest of your day" on the way out. That's it, I don't want or need more than that. These people are not your buddies, they are the staff. When I signed up the cost was a $1 signup fee and $10 for the first month and $10 for the last month. I have no problem with that. Based on some reviews, I expected to see $21 plus fees, taxes, tariffs and federal excise charges. None of that. $21 dollars to the cent and $10 bucks a month to the penny, period. Yes, there is an annual $40 charge at the end of the year. I have no problem with that. Ten bucks a month is as close to free as you're going to get. On my second visit one of the staff suggested I make an appointment for a free fitness evaluation. I thought, "here comes the big sales pitch", but I made the appointment anyway. I met with Ryan (you rock Ryan!) and after a workout and some honest talk about my goals I signed up for a six month commitment at 1$ a day. That's the minimum commitment you can make and still have a trainer here. Ryan is awesome. He writes up workout routines, shows me how to do the work with the correct form and leaves it up to me to actually do the work. After about two weeks I printed my food log and brought it with me to have Ryan review it. We sat down and went over it and he had some suggestions about increasing protein and calories. He's always happy to answer questions and is always professional.  I like the environment here. This is a place to work out, not a place to socialize/hookup. Pool, sauna, courts, no none of that. If you're looking for a great gym with a great staff this is the place for you. If that's not what you are looking for, there are plenty of day spas in the neighborhood.
5	I had my first personal training session today at YouFit!! Not only did Andre kick my ass into high gear he moved me to tears with how passionate he and the entire staff are about helping people meet weight loss goals. That place is going to help me change my life for the better. If anyone is in the market for an awesome gym with an awesome atmosphere and staff look no further then YouFit on 16th st and Bethany home!!
4	I have to admit - I'm a fan of Youfit.  I've read the other reviews on Yelp and I get it but I'm also a realist and you get what you pay for.  So for $15 a month - you get a great deal!  It's a clean, up to date gym with most of the things you need for a good daily workout.  Yes, it's lacking classes and big locker rooms, but if that's your thing, then check out LA Fitness.  I use Youfit as just an easy place to go for cardio and weights so I can't complain too much.  There are a ton of cardio machines and you never have to weight.  I do wish they had some more variety in cardio machines, especially a few different types of elliptical machines.  All of the cardio machines have their own TVs built in which is really nice!  The weight area is good!  Lots of machines and an ok size free weight area.  I wish there were more areas to do mat exercises and stretching.  I love the staff at Youfit!  They are so friendly, always remember my name and feel like a friend!
1	Not what I thought it would be. Very typical to wait in order to get onto equipment. I changed my bank card and was charged a $30 service fee for them to change it to a different bank card. My membership increased to $15 because I belonged for over one year. it lacks sincere service. I canceled my membership which was never canceled so the following month I canceled it again otherwise it would have continued. Then I was charged a cancellation fee.
4	Great environment, great people, clean place, music not so much! Great work outs if you focus on what you come in here for.
1	Dont fall for this gimmick. 10$ a month no contract. But what they  dont tell you is that you pay for 1st and last months payment upfront. (Even though theres no contract) and a 60$ a year gym up keeping  And yes salesman do get commission.
