5	A friend of mine, who happens to be Hispanic, brought me tacos from this place...they were stone cold by the time they arrived but I was at work and starving so I didn't bother to heat them...they were foot stomping, mouth watering, DELICIOUS.  I was so impressed I immediately sent my husband a text and told him "ROAD TRIP this weekend!"The restaurant is in Plaza Fiesta, a market place located right across from Carowinds.  It's nothing fancy...you walk up to a counter and order.  The menu is totally authentic...and in both Spanish and English.Because we're total gluttons, my familiy of four ordered a taco assortment (four tacos---with assorted meats, onions, and cilantro), an enchilada platter, two different tamales, chips and queso and three different drinks (one melon and one pineapple).  We ate it all...every last bite...and it was FABULOUS.  There's no real "service"...you order at the counter, are given a number and you pick it up when your number is called.  It's a no frills little joint but none of that really matters...the food is so rockin' good you won't want to be interrupted.If you love Mexican food,  you owe it to yourself to try this place.
4	La Poblanita is a great little Mexican place in the Plaza Fiesta food court.  I went there for lunch recently and had an awesome plate of chicken enchiladas.  They were covered in salsa verde, cheese and slices of avocado.  The tacos also looked delicious and they serve horchata!!  Prices are cheap.Look for it behind the playland area in the food court.
4	This place was a shock given it is located in a mall food court right next to the tourist mecca of Carowinds.  This is Mexican food more authentic than can be found in the burbs of San Diego.  The menu has limited English so you need to be careful less you order unwanted animal parts (tripe, tongue etc).  This is the real deal, a truly great cheap taco shop on the NC/SC border.
4	OMG, this place is freakin awesome. I am here at least twice a week for lunch and generally order either the sopes or tostadas (with steak or chorizo as my protein). Place is just out of this world. every thing is home made (including the nachos and stuff) and their salsa is to die for. Highly reccomended!
4	The other reviews are spot on.  This is in a food court at Plaza Fiesta, a Latin themed mall (the old Crossroads Outlet Mall) next to Carowinds.  Regardless of the location, the food is fresh and delicious.  You can see them making their own tortillas and nothing comes from a can - not even the beans.  The avocado is amazing.  The menu is in Spanish and English, so you should be okay when ordering, though they may call your order number in Spanish.  Oh, Mexican Coca-Cola too!
3	Well, it was a mixed bag on my first visit to La Poblanita.  I stopped in and asked for an order of chicken soft tacos on corn tortillas, a pork tamale, and a regular horchata.It took maybe 6-7 minutes for my order to be prepared and my number was called and I went up to grab my bag.  First the good:  the horchata was terrific.  I ordered the regular because I thought the large was priced a little high at $2.50.  I was wrong.  The large is well worth the price and I'll get it when I go back.  The tamale was excellent.  It was a little light on the filling, but it had a really great flavor and was a bargain at $1.50.So when I order food to go, I've had enough good experiences that I don't ever bother to check to make sure I was given what I ordered.  That practice burnt me today.  My tacos were neither chicken, nor soft.  They were ground beef and they were hard.  Sigh.  If either of the other two items I ordered were bad, I might have gone back.  But I didn't.  I ate them.  They were okay.  I wouldn't get them again though.  Too much other fun stuff on the menu.  Like tamales!  And horchata!
5	Stumbled upon this place accidentally. It's located in La Fiesta Shopping plaza (in the food court where the huge play gym is located- huge plus for those with kids)  and right across from Carowinds . When they say authentic they mean it. They had fresh salsa and guacamole out for tasting as well as two different types of tamales. I did not taste everything, was rushed but the guacamole was wonderful, fresh and perfectly balanced seasoning and cilantro for a super fresh taste.  They offer all the basics: tacos, burritos, quesadillas,sopas, fajitas, flautas, enchiladas, and more. Lunch menu offers full meals with drink included for 5.99 and aside from regular fountain drinks they have sweet tea and fresh fruit juices like melon, guyaba (guava), and horchata (rice milk). I had the Guava juice and it was perfect, not overly sweet and very fresh. The quesadilla I ordered came out great and I opted for rice and beans (meal normally comes with salad, rice and beans are 1.00 more). It was worth it the rice was excellent and if you like refried beans they were really good also. I'm definitely going again and do recommend for those who love Mexican and want authentic and *fresh*. Card says delivery is available.Mon- Thursday 10am-8pmFriday-Sat 9am-8pmSunday 9am-7pmOrders Phone: 803-548-0013
5	This place it's amazing , great prices, super fresh food and delicious , real Mexican sopes , carne asada, tacos , tostadas tortas all great !!!!
4	A great place in a surprising location. The food was beyond what you'd expect from many other inexpensive Mexican restaurants and far above its food court setting. Excellent selection of menu items familiar and different. Great service and tables inside the store front.  Give it a shot.
5	The new location is open and clean, the food is reasonably priced and excellent. The mango margarita is a must! La Poblanita is a no brainer! Yes!!
