4	My friends and I popped in her for a few drinks, not knowing what to expect.  Great vibe: coffee, couches, drinks, dj, sheesha.  We didn't smoke, but like the others there (young crowd--Concordians?) who did, we had a great time.  Loved the decor, which included bird-cage lamps with paper shadow cut-outs of birds.  The music--kind of an avante-garde electronique thing--was right up my alley.  Bartenders were super-friendly and even poured us a 'thank you' drink on the house as we were about to leave.  I'd kill for a place like this in Boston, but then the line would be out the door and around the corner, and the staff wouldn't be as friendly.  Guess I'll just keep visiting MTL.Unexpectedly, one of my favorite random finds in a city that has many to offer.
3	Ok place, atmosphere is nice, couches are 70's basment...ok shisha
4	One of the best shisha spot in Montreal.  In a very relaxed ambiance. Monday jazz night and of corse Sunday night groove with Dj D. For a mixe of hip-hop and disco and oldies hit. Just amazin'
5	Probably my favourite downtown spot to smoke shisha while drinking alcoholic beverages instead of mint tea or apricot juice.
4	This is a cool place, and the ice tea here is really good. We got some chicken sandwiches with salad while waiting for the next Fantasia screening. The salad came with a tasty sundried tomato dressing. Normally, I hate dressing, but this was really good. Thanks for partnering with Fantasia to give fans and fest pass holders a break on meals. However, for the girl at the counter who can't do math, give her a calculator so we get the right percentage off. Otherwise, yum!
3	Decent vib with live djs. Can't say the sheesha is anything spectacular though. Limited flavours and only moderately clean hookahs.
4	One thing this place really has going for it is its laid-back atmosphere right downtown. The comfy couches, low ceiling and loungey music give Kafein a pretty relaxed feel.On top of that, the staff is friendly, they make a gin-prosecco-lemon cocktail that I've been enjoying all summer, and their little terasse is surprisingly quiet for a downtown street-side patio.The menu is more lunchtime-oriented, but has some original and very tasty sandiwches. If you're looking to avoid pretentious downtown buslte Kafein is a good bet.
3	Laid back place with great sandwich.Used to have shisha but now that they remove it i dont see a point going there unless i want a sandwich. Cheers,Eric Van Nguyen
2	The only reason I loved this place is that it was the only place I knew that offered hookas(shisha) and served alcohol. Now that they do not offer shisha, I lost interest in this place.
3	Before the flood happened -x- months ago, the downstairs area of Kafein looked super cool, vintage, and mysterious. Now it's lost its charm, however, that's not their fault. We can put it on mother nature... for now.I've come here for drinks, I've come here for small bites, I've come here for coffee, and I have never left unsatisfied. I wouldn't say this is my favourite place to go, but it's not a bad place to go either. Most recently, I came here with a hangover, and their Ginger-Thyme Lemonade cured my ailing stomach! The ginger was strong, the thyme added a nice touch, and the lemonade was sweet'ish. I'm going to make this at home from now on, and when I'm too lazy, I'm going to walk on over and order one... or two. I love it.
4	Kafein's food is good but coffee not so good; however, they make a mean cup of mocha. I really liked their squash soup, and the size was pretty generous for a small. Not sure if they bake their own pastries, but their croissants were delicious. Every time I've gone my wifi was unreliable, but if you don't need wifi, the space is actually pretty nice. Its got the right balance of coziness with quite a bit of space.
4	Love that spot and try to hit it whenever I am in town, whether to get a (good) cup of coffee or specialty tea or a stronger drink in the evening in the downstairs bar. Caught some pretty nice DJ sets as well in the cosy space. Good service, good drinks, there are few places like this in this part of Montreal..Definitely worth checking out!
4	This is my preferred on-campus cafe for studying. Located directly across from the Webster library, it is a less uptight option than the silent library. Staffed by a crew of seemingly lovely and cool folks, this place always has a fun soundtrack, so much so that I never wear my headphones while there. The upstairs is the "cafe" section, with the counter where you order and lots of small tables which are ideal for individual study with a hot cup of tea (their tea selection is very tasty, btw). Downstairs is the "lounge area" with it's cushy "shabby chic" couches and larger tables for groups. It' here that they host their nighttime events. The menu of the place is really creative and jam-packed and the prices are in tune with the portions.  It is true that their veg options are less numerous than their meat options and their vegan options are.... Well I am not sure if there are any, but what I have eaten there is absolutely delish! My fav is the haloumi sandwich, by far. I highly recommend it, especially on a rainy day.
2	Stale pastries, dirty tables and a sea of laptops... what more could you want?
1	Dear kafein,I wanted to give you 5 stars, I miss your shisha days. You had the best vibes , comfy couches, dark ambiance, old school jams.  Why did you have to change? I don't really see the point of coming back to you now. I had some of the best times in your basement. Maybe i'll make a short visit and try one of your sandwiches upstairs.
5	I absolutely adore this place! The upstairs is a coffee shop with great food and lemonades, the downstairs is a dimly lit bar with couches and a cozy atmosphere. The music they play is great and the coffee is delicious! Would definitely recommend Kafein to everyone!
4	Superb cafe right next to Concordia campus that's perfect for a quick lunch, a study area (especially downstairs), a quick delicious drink or a relaxing weekend with poetry readings on Saturday & Sunday. Basically, they have it all! The half panini + soup combo is under $10 which is a steal for a student like myself. The lavender, rosemary lemonade is deliciously tart and full of flavour, which is wonderful because many a-times lemonade is extremely watered down. Yes this may just be another "artsy" cafe that litters montreal, but the atmosphere and table arrangements create a comfortable stay, no matter what you're there for! Also, i read a past review that there used to be shisha and i'd love to see that return! It would be awesome!
2	I went to this place looking for a sandwich around lunchtime. I ordered a veggie panini for takeout for my drive home. This is a pretty laid back looking place with small tables, large enough for a laptop and a plate. They had lots of kinds of tea and coffee available and also a wide variety of snack items like croissants and brownies. There seems to be a downstairs that is more lounge style with couches but I didn't go down there to see. The sandwich I ordered came with some chips and a carrot salad. The chips were identical to Miss Vickie's original chips and the carrot salad was sour tasting... The salad also made my sandwich soggy in the box. The sandwich itself was tasty but the bread was really dry on the sides because the veggies were all piled in the middle. Overall, it was okay... I might go back to see if they have anything better to offer.
