5	Someone from this company noticed that my dog was pulling the heck out of arm, when I was taking her to the dog park at Sunset Park and gave me info on this service. I inquired about it- the cost was $700 for lifetime lessons and $250 for the shock collar (it sounds mean, but some dogs need this and my dog needed it; remember, she was a bit like Marley). I'm sure the prices have gone up since then, this was about 6.5 years ago. I also had to get a retractable leash at Petsmart for about $24 (different prices for different size dogs). My first visit was observing the class in action, which impressed me, BTW- at the time, classes were held at about ten different parks all over Las Vegas, North Las Vegas, and Henderson. Now, I think that you have to go to the facility (the option to get back into the classes is still there for me and my dog). Anyway, you weren't limited to the amount of classes or to the locations (it was wide open)- that was a big plus, for me. I took her regularly every week, for the first couple years- you got to know the dogs and which ones were still aggressive (even with training, like the mastiff and the sharpei). The distractions at Sunset Park were a little challenging (the birds- she almost jumped in the lake, and she hates water!). And my dog was always the food-motivated one in the group- yeah, it was embarrassing, and funny at the same time. The shock collar worked really well, until it broke, so we stopped going. But I really did believe in the training with this company- some commands stuck, some didn't.
5	I just started SMS training with my dog this week, so I will probably follow up this review in the future... but so far, I am THRIILLED.  Mina is pretty much a good dog, but walks were becoming exhausting due to her pulling on the leash (despite over a year of Cesar-Milan style tight leash control attempts) and her wild reactions to cats and other dogs.The very first session (private, with trainers) I could tell the collar was keeping her attention and focus.  They brought in their dog and had it literally bouncing off walls and barking as loud as possible, and she just kept sitting, never made a peep!The last couple of days have been a dream.  She's like a new dog! And I only have her collar on setting #2 (out of 8), which is so low that I can barely even feel it (I cannot feel setting #1 at all).  As a bonus, all of the mental stimulation has her all tuckered out, so she's been sleeping really well and not waking me up at the crack o dawn.The prices are still the same now (or a little less!) than the review below, and they now have a lifetime warranty on the collar as well as the training.  It can also transfer to any of their other locations around the country if  you move.I can't wait to see how she progresses!
1	After my poor, 4m old Alaskan Klee Kai got attacked by a mean and aggressive chihuahua back in 2009, she was not the same, sweet and well-tempered doggie. She would display aggression toward unfamiliar dogs that came near her and myself and would guard my fiance and me. I was in desperate need for help and asked some fellow dog owners on places to have her trained.We scheduled a consultation with one of their trainers at the facility and he said he was concerned that my dog was displaying a bit of dog jealously when she saw me giving attention to another dog. He also explained that their e-collar was NOT a shock collar but was a training device to grab the dog's attention and wouldn't place the collar past 3 out of 10. I was initially impressed by their techniques as it appeared to work on my dog. However, I call BULLSH*T because at one point during one of the trainings the trainer had REPEATEDLY put the collar up to 8 to get my dog's attention.Even though I had experienced, first hand, how the e collar felt, I thought a 3 out of 10, which the trainer said had said SMS would never go above,  would be an acceptable threshold for my dog. 8 out of 10 on that collar is just straight up cruel and uncomfortable. FEEL an 8 out of 10 on YOUR OWN NECK/HAND etc.; it's a crappy feeling. I felt that I didn't get much out of the 3 trainings that cost close to some ridiculous price over 500 bucks....we were not taught anything outside of the "place" command and I didn't feel that we learned how to use the e-collar as effectively to grab her attention. As a result, my dog seemed to experience more anxiety and it didn't fix her aggressive behavior but probably exacerbated it.Trust me, I followed everything the trainers told us to do but unfortunately this left my dog with an unimpressive improvement in her behavior and my fiance and I broke. I don't see what I did wrong except to decide to go with SMS rather than doing my research on dog trainers in the Valley. While I'm sure this technique would work for other dogs with specific temperaments, this technique was a total fail on my dog. So, before you resort to SMS, please do some research!
5	Four months have passed since I reviewed Sit Means Sit, and I am happier than ever! Mina is doing so great with her training! She is a better dog with every week that passes.  She is so much more calm and relaxed than she has ever been.  People are constantly giving her (and me) compliments on her good behavior, too.As part of our training in the park, she has discovered the joys of rolling in the grass, which she never did before.  It's her favorite thing now!! She has also become much more cuddly and affectionate.  I absolutely enjoy taking her to the training (we usually go twice a week -- and if I didn't have to work, I'd probably take her every day!)The atmosphere of the class is great, and I really enjoy interacting with the other dogs and dog parents.  There are all levels (from total hot mess newbies to military-precision trained dogs) in the class, and people are very welcoming and helpful.  It's a great "safe space" (as opposed to dog parks) for your doggie to learn to socialize and meet people and other dogs in a polite and friendly way.  I cannot say enough good things about this place.  No dog is too bad or too good to benefit from this training.... and honestly, a lot of the training is about training YOU, rather than the dog.  But it's a great way to bond with your pooch and build the trust and respect in your relationship.My only regret is that I didn't try this years ago with her! (So, FYI, if you think that "an old dog can't learn new tricks," you're wrong.)
1	Would not recommend. It was not very focused and was a big gaggle for all of the group sessions. The sales pitch is strong but there is no follow thru. To their credit, they are very nice, however for the price I would hope so!
5	Working with Bobby has been an absolute joy thus far! I signed Bauer up, my 8mth old black lab/border collie mix because I was having serious issues with separation anxiety, food scavenging, not listening to me when called, etc.  My friend recommended SMS to me as a number of Dock Dog members and Las Vegas Lab Rescue people have used them before with fantastic results.Bobby came over for our free consultation and explained the program, and offered 2 different options to us.  Both training options require you to purchase the training collar. It is a shock collar, but in reality, it's more of a device designed to get your dog's attention, kind of like tapping you on the shoulder to get a human's attention. I physically felt the impulse the collar generated when the remote button is pushed to grab the attention and it's not harmful or strong at all on the settings they recommend.  After only one training session of teaching Bauer "Come" and "Sit", he is a much more attentive dog and calmer.  My neighbors have even noticed the difference on our walks, he's not a wild man jumping, pulling me when he sees other dogs or people calling him anymore.  The biggest thing w/ doing this training and I think it's a popular misconception amongst those unhappy w/ the program, YOU have to work w/ your dog as well. SMS Training is not designed for a trainer to come in and train YOUR dog for you while you go out grocery shopping, or sit on the couch and watch. The program is designed to help your dog understand what you want it to do. It teaches YOU to be in command of your dog, so having a trainer come over and do the sessions and then not work on what you and your dog learned after he/she leaves, is not going to work. It's pointless to even sign up if this is what you envision.  We just had our second session this past Monday, and worked on the "Place" command.  Bauer "got it" in 2 tries.  All the things that we're learning with SMS helps with all the problems we have had in the past.  When he wants to run or pull on the leash, I use the Place or Sit command to calm him down.  If he's barking or nervous when someone is running by, or kids are screaming (which normally freaked him out before), I use the Sit command to get him to relax.  All of the methods they use tie into things you can use to prevent bad habits. Even though you may want to discourage a bad habit immediately, what you're learning early on will help achieve that in the future. It's not an immediate stop to counter surfing, or jumping on people which your dog may have issues with.  The program itself, the two options they offer, include lifetime group sessions at local parks around the valley.  I am excited for the group sessions when we're ready for them, and Bobby will let us know when we are. If we're not, he said he will come back for another lesson to ensure we're ready at no cost. They stand behind their product. At no point has Bobby been aggressive or physical with my dog which is what I was worried about. I didn't want Bauer to lose his personality either just because he may think he has to be ready for commands all day long. Bauer has kept his puppy playfulness when he knows it's ok to be playful. I didn't want him to be a demo dog, as I feel he's like my child.  Thank you SMS for all you've done and to Bobby personally for understanding my fears and concerns for Bauer.  We're happy campers!
1	Sit Means Sit assigns trainers based on where you live. I am in the southwest area of Vegas and was assigned to Maureen.I am shocked by how rude Maureen was. First, she wasn't nice on the phone, but I know phone impressions are not everything so I made an appointment for my dog's assessment. I called the day before to cancel because something came up. The next day, she showed up anyways which is fine, but I explained that I had to leave in ten minutes. She sighed and gave me such a dirty look. I explained that I called yesterday and left a message. She looked at her phone and saw that I called. Then, she asked if I wanted to reschedule. I stated, "not at this time." She walked away and said, "Yeah, whatever." I laughed because I was incredibly uncomfortable and still shocked at how I was treated. My boyfriend went outside to make sure she left and she told him that she was just giving her dogs some water and that he can go away. I don't understand how you can treat a potential client like that, especially when I was nice when explaining that I had to leave and I apologized for the inconvenience. I am shocked at how unprofessional she was and that people think it is okay to treat others that way.
5	They have local dog trainers and I love it!  Place works, and this is only our second session with our Labrador, Sasha!  Adam is a good trainer...he even shows up too early to our home :)  This is a great investment, you will not regret it.  By the end of the second session, I can even take Sasha out for a walk and she walks next to me, not ahead.  And this "mom" is loving it!
2	I took my 2 amazing dogs here and ended up hating it. I paid 1200 for life time training but after 3 or 4 I couldn't go anymore. The people who where doing their apprenticeship where not that great and one of the ladies ended up scaring the shit out of my dog. What was before a very social dog ended up getting scared of other dogs and the collar. I decided that I didn't want to use the shock collar on my dogs because of how scared they where of it. I also felt solo bad for the dog the trainer used. As he was training and showing the class examples the dog kept yelping from the shock collar. I just couldn't do it. They also told me to keep away from certain dogs because they have aggressive issues. Wtf why are they allowed in a group class. Very sad and out of $1200
