4	Visited this place for the first time today$70 for a hot stone massage$55 for a swedish massage (both 50 minutes)I opted for the hot stone, by main man got the swedish massage.  Since we're a bonafide couple, they put us in the couples suite!It was super fun.  We were a couple feet apart from each other.I was supposed to get a pedicure right afterwards, but the nail tech was running late and I couldn't wait.They were very apologetic, and gave me a gift card as an apology!AWESOMEI love places that have great customer service.They also have a special where for $165 you get1 hour massage1 hour facialpedicure/manicure and lunchAWESOME pricesThe place looks brand new, is in a fancy space, and is very relaxing.I totally dig it.
4	Had a spa day here with the wife.Never been to a spa let alone had a whole spa day. If you're into "pampering" this is probably a very enjoyable experience. I find I am simply too utilitarian to appreciate the nuanced art.I found the hot rock massage to be very therapeutic and relaxing. The salt scrub felt good, but I'm unsure of its therapeutic value or efficacy in exfoliation.The shower/steam room is completely tile, which looks very nice, but made for treacherous standing/walking when the floor was wet. Even worse because you are generally covered in oil when you go into the room.The shower could use more pressure. Trying to get off salt and massage oil was difficult in the weak spray. The steam was nice, but there's no antechamber to store your towel, robe, or slippers. Meaning you either leave your stuff in the hallway or it gets steamed/showers with you.I also had a facial, manicure, and pedicure. As I've never had any of these before I have no basis for comparison. They weren't painful.The people here were very nice. Took the time to try and explain the various procedures both before and during them.I don't think I would go for a full "spa day" again as it was quite expensive, but I would go back when I have a need for individual services. The massage was exceptional.
5	I've been to many other spas around the Phoenix area, and Could Nine is my favorite. They offer a beautiful and calming spa environment, and offer very reasonable prices! I've received European facials, hot stone pedicures and the Swedish massage, and all the technicians have been very professional, kind, and great at what they do. My favorite treatment is the facial, though. The treatment rooms are set at a nice comfortable temperature, plus they offer arm and hand massage. I always feel like a million bucks after leaving Cloud Nine :)
4	Could Nine has become my new "go-to" Spa for a "quickie." Get your mind out of the gutter. I'm referring to facials, pedicures, massage. NOTE: As you read on, consider that the Holiday's are coming up (whatever "holiday" you celebrate), and a Spa treatment is always a nice gift. But most importantly, the prices at this Salon are cost-effective in our economy, so a $50 or $100 certificate can go a long way. Cloud Nine has AWESOME prices for services. Check out their Web site for specials: http://www.cloudninespa.com/specials/index.html Here's the downside: the Spa waiting area is mediocre and pedestrian. Essentially it's a small room with uncomfortable patio furniture. It's difficult to relax when you are crammed into a small place that doesn't allow for the intimate conversation and gossiping that goes along with bringing a friend. But, like I said, if all you are looking for a quick treatment, you can't go wrong with either the atmosphere or the service. Everyone at Cloud Nine is attentive and friendly (unlike a place like Dolce, which, by the way, I also frequent, but I find the service to be snooty. The aestheticians are professional and knowledgeable and they aren't trying to sell you their product during the service (which makes the experience all the more refreshing).  I recommend going with any of their facials and their pedicures are awesome!Try it out! And, consider a gift certificate for your spouse or partner as a nice holiday gift . And, no, I don't work for them;  I'm just hoping my husband reads this :)
5	I've been patronizing (yeah, I used it correctly, and?) Cloud 9 for over a year.  I love the atmosphere of this joint.  I see Sherry for my hair and today was the first day I had their pedicure.  Sherry is always fun to talk to - reminds me a lot of Giada!  And she's a long veteran of all things hairstyling.  I'm horrible to my feet so I was somewhat embaressed to hand my hooves off to Bettys but she was incredibly sweet and we had great conversation.  I definitely want to go back for a massage - it's just so unfortunate that I work less than 1 mile there - can anyone say massage lunch hour???  Oh.  Yeah.  Baby.  Oh yeah - and their referral rewards program?  Just tell them Daisy W. sent you :) - I'll love you forever!
5	I just got back from my first visit, and I am truly on Cloud Nine!  Kelli gave me a beautiful haircut.  She worked with me, asked all the right questions, and made sure I got exactly what I wanted.  I am very particular about my hair, and I will be going back to Kelli for sure.  The atmosphere was nice, and although I didn't get the chance to sample the rest of the spa services, I will be back for more.
5	I have been going to Lisa G. (she is now married so she has a different last name) ever since middle school.  I have hair as straight as an arrow and she was the only one I found that i could trust with my locks.  She is funny, nice and professional.  I have a feeling she gets older clientele so if you'd like something specific or edgy bring pictures.  She knows what she is doing and is a perfectionist about it!!  Great bumble and bumble products available.  My ma, two sisters and i @ one time were going to her!
4	cute little spa located in a very low key strip mall. i took my friend here to enjoy a little spa time on a Sunday. personnel was extremely friendly and the place was really super clean. my friend and i enjoyed the spa facilities before our treatment. the facilities consisted of a hot tub (smallish, fits about 2 people) and a little sauna time. even though this place isnt exactly a full day spa, the hot tub and sauna did the trick and allowed us to relax a little before the fun began. my friend got a massage (which she said was excellent) and i had a mani/pedi which was done well. all in all a good experience for a small spa. would definitely come back.
1	These people suck.  I got a bad hair cut, disgusting hair color and moved on to another salon.  Their owners must be brain dead because I haven't lived in Arizona for over two years and they cannot seem to take me off their emailing list.  I called twice and was told they would take care of it.  I tried unsubscribing several times without success.  I even emailed them several times without success.  Clearly they don't care so why should anyone trust them with personal services.
4	I love Zara for facials and waxing. I won't go anywhere else!
5	Amazing hairstylists, beautiful salon. I have been coming here for 17+ years. I go to the owner for color, and Isabella for my cut. LOVE them. Not sure what the heck P.A. is talking about, I think he/she just had a bad experience, but rest assured you won't be disappointed if you go to the above 2 people. Not to mention they are reasonably priced. Want overpriced bad service go to Dolce or one of the mall salons.
5	I started working here recently and this place is nothing like I have ever experienced. Everyone is so polite and helpful. Also the owner is giving (more like showering upon) me soooo many ways to thrive in this industry. In my second week she has had me trained in mani, pedi, Shellac, and the beginning stages of acrylic nail enhancements. I am truely lucky and blessed to be given this opportunity. This is definitely a business to support.
3	Nikki was amazing at massage and Ginger as well at facials. However, the manicures/pedicures here are terrible. The girl I had did exactly what I would have done at home and when I asked why she didn't use the dry skin pincher thing she said "it scares me." I received the worst shellac manicure of my life, so bad I had someone remove it 5 minutes after I got it. Go here to be pampered but go somewhere else for mani/pedis.
5	I absolutely love going here. I followed the girl who does my hair to this salon and it was the best decision. Sam is amazing so if you're not happy where you are then go see her! It is a Bumble&bumble salon which means amazing products are being used. Great location and every one is always so friendly.
3	Cloud Nine has always been a good little place to be treated specially for the day.  Massages are good and facials are great!  Mani/Pedi...NOT SO GOOD!  Mediocre to poor at best.  Not up to the quality of an Asian Salon.  Won't go back for mani/pedi.  Will substitute another service.
5	Zhara is the absolute best aesthetician. Amazing brows and fantastic facials!I have been going to her for at least 8 years. I started taking my daughter to her for brow waxing when she was in the 6th grade. I know that sounds way too early, but she inherited her daddy's caveman brows. Zhara always did a great job with them and had an age appropriate shape too (trend is fine in college not in grade school). Zhara keeps up with her aesthetician education too, as my daughter used acne meds that can have a disastrous affect with waxing and counseled her on what to do pre-wax. Well, my daughter goes to UofA now and comes up from Tucson to get her brows waxed with Zhara on a regular basis. She would be upset if I didn't mention that she sees Ginger if Zhara isn't available when she's in town and she says she does a nice job too.  Seriously, Zhara is amazing. If you think brow waxing is just about the wax, you need to go see her, she trims, waxes, and sculpts your eyebrows into beautiful shape.Zhara does a fabulous job with her facials too. I just love them, so relaxing, my skin looks great and I feel fantasitc afterwards - she has nice gentle hands and she has the sweetest personality too!
3	Had family recently in town so I wanted to treat two ladies and myself to a 'spa experience' nearby.  I selected this place because I've been here before for hair and nails and the atmopshere is very nice and relaxing and the staff and personnel have also been enjoyable.  Sadly, they were all booked up for manis or pedis, so I could only get us 3 gals for a 1hr massage... bummer.The facility inside is a nice, welcoming, calm, relaxing space; note however that during massage sessions, you can hear a LOT of chit-chat and noises because it seems the massage rooms have thin walls and no signage outside that reminds staff to keep it down.  It makes it harder to relax.Massage personnel varied a lot in experience.  The gal I got assigned to looked not even a day over 18.  She was a bit awkward with massage movments and generally seemed very inexperienced and not very comfortable with her job.  My other two guests commented how their therapists were amazing and seemed very experienced and thorough.  I know next time to ask for a more experienced gal.Prices were very reasonable ($55 for 50 min) and front desk staff and therapists were friendly; Facility is modern and relaxing and not snobby or pretentious, so it's very comfortable.I would return here for other spa treatments.. but honestly, for my massages, I'll stick to my gal at LaVida..
4	My husband booked a day at the spa for me for our anniversary (yes, he's awesome!).   I was treated to a massage by Sarah who was comfortable doing a pregnancy massage on me (I'm 5 months), a facial by Ginger who was just incredible, and a hair treatment and cut by a lovely young lady who's name slipped my mind.   I was very happy overall and will return!
5	Just got my hair cut today by heather and I'm in love with my hair!!!  I went in on a referral of a friend after a really bad cut and heather was super understanding and took great care of me!  I was planning on growing my hair out but I love my new cut so much I think I might just keep it short!  I will definitely be back!
1	Don't see Josh! I can't warn you enough! My hair is ruined. I uploaded a photo just as an example I'm not exaggerating. It is two weeks after my hair was fried off and no heat has touched it, my hair has been drenched in deep conditioner, and is still forced to be worn half way up. See photo. But please, do yourself a favor and Don't see Josh.
1	If this had an option for zero stars I would choose that, Josh is the worst colorist of all times. Whatever you do, don't see him unless you want all of your hair completely broken off by bleach.
4	I made an appointment as a birthday present for the hub.  He ended up getting a facial done by Zora.  He loved it so much, he made another appointment.  It was his first time and it turned out to be a great experience.  The prices are reasonable, staff is friendly and helpful, and the space is cool.
5	I love this salon & will never change. It is clean, cute and calming. Bree is the most amazing stylist! She always listens to what I want, but she is also aware of trends and giving a good, stylish cut. She does excellent color too. I have never left her chair unhappy and my hair has never looked so good! Thanks Bree!
4	Came here yesterday for the 7th heaven package with the boyfriend and we were quite pleased with the services all around. The ambiance is a bit different from an upscale spa-only place, but there was a comfortable lounge room located in the middle of the salon and spa where you could relax, unwind, and have a cup of water. Got there 15 minutes early to use the lockers and such and we headed over into the massage in the couple's suite (which was super nice of them to fit us in there-made it much more intimate). The lady who did my massage was good; I felt pretty relaxed for the most part. The boyfriend enjoyed his as well. Then came the salt glow; which felt amazing! They got every area you could think of; your feet, legs, back, and arms. They were super thorough with massaging it onto your body. The name says it all-you literally glow when you're done taking a shower. It's a blend of aromatic essential oils and sea salt I believe. Great for the dry skinned folks. We finished off with the European facial which was heavenly. This was probably my favorite part. Zara was my esthetician and she was such a doll. The extractions were bearable, the steam was at the perfect temperature, and the rosemary mask they put on you is incredible. All in all, we will definitely come back for another spa day when our time and money permits it again. The reason why I took off a star was because my back is hurting a lot more than it usually does, but I honestly don't blame the masseuse for that; it's probably due to my already terrible back anyways haha. And it was pretty chilly in the massage room. Nonetheless, I still highly recommend cloud 9 for an affordable, great spa package. Everyone was great! Look no further for a good spa experience; cloud 9 has it all.
4	The only reason I did not go 5 stars was one staff member who seemed bored and complacent w/her job. She kinda ruined the end of my relaxing spa treatment  w/her underlying negativity. However the rest if the staff were so kind and happy they really seemed to enjoy their jobs and made me feel very welcome. It was my first facial and they made it so comfortable. The massage wa so nice and it was pleasant to have a conversation w/out a child around just grown ups. The atmosphere was nice however they obviously don't enforce the no cell phone rule that's posted on their walls. Many ppl were on their phones or playing games quite loudly.
5	I love this salon, it will be my new go-to for touch ups, if i need a special do, or just a regular trim! Bree, was so helpful since I hadn't gone to a salon in such a long time. She was able to quickly see what it was that my hair needed and how to frame my face correctly, which I had trouble with. She was able to transform my thick and broken hair into a chic and cute look with flexible layers and volume! HIGHLY recommend this place!
4	Great salon! Everyone is really nice, the salon is quaint & fairly priced.
5	Zora did my European facial today and can I say when I walked out that room, I felt like I was walking on Cloud 9...(pun intended).  My face felt smooth and looked clear.  And I felt much lighter on my feet when I walked out that room.  I booked another appointment right away.  The credit card machine was acting up and, unknowingly, I got charged twice.  Danielle called me right away to explain and told me I could use it as a credit towards my next appointment if I wanted.  Works for me. I can't wait to go back.  Thanks Zora!!!
5	I've been coming to this salon now for about 5 or 6 years! It's a very inviting place and the ambience is great! Zara is the only one I ever let touch my eyebrows! She's an expert with eyebrows! Zara also does the best facials too! She always knows just the right products and masks to put on my face to keep it looking great! I try to see her at least once a month and sometimes more, especially if my skin is bad! I love the chemical peel she just did! Now my skin is glowing! They also have a wonderful line of skin care products! Thank you Zara!
5	Great salon and staff!!
5	I LOVE this place. Every service I have had as been stellar. Lee has been cutting my hair for almost 2 years now and I love everything she does. I go with a picture and come out with the cut that's almost identical. She also colors my hair and I have never been unhappy. I go to Nikki or Abby for my nails. They are both fantastic and give great manicures and pedicures. I wouldn't go any where else. I haven't had a chance to try any of their spa service but I am sure they are going to be fantastic.
5	Customer service was exceptional. Here from out of town. They fit me in and treated me so kindly.  Nicole even fixed a cut I've been struggling with for months. :). Thank you making me good in Phoenix!
4	I came here for a massage and the greeting you get coming in, is far from intimidating and is very friendly. I enjoy their little relaxation room that is very basic but needed to separate the spa portion from the hair-fixing-area. They seem to have a limited amount of rooms and I was led to a small room in the end that probably sees little use, and is not really set up to have a massage in - I guess.My masseuse was nice and personable. My massage was good, and relaxing - but at a couple of times I felt I was being left as if the lady had her own stuff going on (checking her cell or something). Not a major distraction, but definitely worth mentioning. A nice thing is that she worked on places where she could tell I have issues, as it should be. In conclusion I feel that the massage was quite average (not a bad thing) but the salon is very nice over all and has an inviting and happy feel. This is a good thing, and something I do enjoy. Sometimes its the small things that lingers with you and weighs in if you'd go back or not. In this case, I would.
5	I am not the type to "Yelp" often, but I had to this time.  I came here for a facial, and was booked with Feri.  She was super sweet from the get go, and made me feel comfortable.  She asked me questions about my skin, skin treatment and what products I used - i could tell she knew her stuff!  Her hands did MAGIC!  I left there feeling not only pampered, but really feeling as though she made my skin glow - and it was!  I got so many compliments after and already 3 of my friends have gone to her and feel the same way.  She really went above and beyond and I couldn't help but share my secret with everyone - FERI DOES WONDERS!  She also does waxing, and does a quick and painless job...I highly recommend her!
4	I've been a long time client of Cloud Nine (even back in the day when they were located at Grace Inn) and decided to make a change and try another spa. Glad to say, I returned to Cloud Nine for the following reasons; convenient location and great service. I booked a facial appointment and was introduced to Feri (esthetician). Feri is knowledgable in different skin types, very professional and has many years of experience as an esthetician. Feri was just the right person! She is honest, makes you feel comfortable, relaxed and truly cares about her clients.  She provides recommendations based on what's needed for your skin without a hard-sell of unneeded products.  Her massages are absolutely amazing and you truly do feel as though you are on "Cloud 9".  I've been very pleased with my skin and I am always delighted to see Feri because I know she does phenomenal work. I would recommend Feri without a doubt!
5	Stacey cut my hair, she did a fantastic job, listened to my needs and didn't just listen for buzzwords to give me a typical cut. She was easy to talk to, but not overly talkative, and did a fantastic job, especially for the price! Even helped me figure out what I needed to be able to properly style my hair. Thanks, Stacey!Plus, they got me in on a Saturday, short notice, which I really appreciated.
5	I've been doing some research on finding a salon to go to, to get my haircut. Like most women, I am VERY picky and nervous about getting my haircut and don't trust just anyone to do it. In my research I have noticed that trying to get someone on the phone at OTHER salons is somewhat of a challenge. Which just made my anxiety of finding a place even higher.So, let's get started....I called Cloud Nine this morning around 11:30am and I couldn't believe it, the phone rang MAYBE 1 1/2 times before someone picked up. I'm thinking ok, that's a good start. The receptionist on the line was VERY nice and polite. She was informative, friendly and above all actually caring. I told her what I was looking to get done and asked for a price range. She told me the price and asked when I would like to come in. I askedif there was anything available today. I completely expected her to say no, well I was wrong. I got an apt for 12:30. So at this point I'm thinking either I just got lucky or I'm gonna regret going to this place....I get there a couple minutes before 12:30, I check in and sit down expecting to be there waiting a while. Receptionist again VERY friendly and polite. Offered me and my boyfriend a drink. Not more than maybe 2 minutes later Brittany, my stylist, comes up to get me to bring me back to the chair and she offers my boyfriend to come back with us(totally cool because not many places actually offer that). So we get to the chair and get started. She asks what I want done and to be honest, I'm kinda clueless as to what I want done except that I want to keep as much of the length as possible yet have a new and noticeably new look. She offers up her suggestions, which I take but make it a point that she thinks we should start off longer than I want at first, just incase because we can always cut it shorter later, we can't cut it longer after its cut already. It's a great idea and she is totally right especially since I am very sensitive/particular about my hair to begin with. Next we move to the shampoo/conditioning station. At this point I'm a little nervous so to speak about how my remaining time with her will go. I'm wondering "is she going to talk to me, is it going to be completely awkward or is she going to just plain talk my head off?" Conversation starts, which is very pleasant and enjoyable, as well as the little massage given while washing/conditioning. Whatever she did sent chills down my spine and made me completely relaxed. Now that that's over we move to the stylist chair, conversation continues as well. I come to find out we have a lot in common. I felt so comfortable and confident with Brittany that I just let her do her thing without really paying attention(which I NEVER have done in my entire life when getting my hair done). She worked her magic with y hair, continued with reasonable amount of conversation, no awkwardness what so ever, even gave me compliments about my hair and best of all, she didn't push to try to sell me anything at all!! Brittany is also very knowledgeable about what to do and what not to do. She also didn't push to do anything with my hair that incident want. She respected me, my hair and my way of doing things, which I can't say about a lot of places. Cut, blow-dry and style is done, she hands me the mirror and turns me around. WOW! I am beautiful!! My hair is perfect. I couldn't believe it. Brittany is absolutely amazing. She is kind, caring, informative and above all did everything I asked for. She understood where I was coming from, had funny stories she shared, was appropriately personable, made me very comfortable and very pleasant to be around. I couldn't have asked for anything better!!I would highly recommend this place to everyone and anyone. Prices are VERY reasonable, staff is polite and respectful, salon is clean, comfortable to be in/very inviting and noise level is pleasant, not too loud and not too quiet. It's not some high upscale intimidating, don't touch anything, snotty staff, overpriced kind of place. Which I avoid like the plague. They also offer many other services, such as massages, facials, mani/pedi and waxing. I have every intention on trying the massages, mani/pedi and possibly a facial sometime in the near future. They do have packaged deals as well as gift cards and a client reward system! So if you are looking for anything I mentioned above, I highly recommend this place, I REALLY don't think you will be disappointed!
3	Just wanted to first point out that Annika did my hair. I got a cut and partial highlights, she did an awesome job. She was very friendly and engaged in conversation, all while taking her time to work on what I exactly wanted with my hair. I am very satisfied by her service and time well spent to make my request exactly what I wanted. The reason why I took two stars off is because of the ambiance and unwelcoming feeling I got from this location. I first walked in and there were two receptionist at the front. The first girl I made contact with, she looked at me smirked and went back to working. I thought maybe she was looking something up real quick, then after a minute or so went by I just moved over to the next receptionist and had to acknowledge myself. Did not feel very welcomed by the two lady's in the front. The salon was nice and clean. However, It felt kind of boring. No real background music. The stylist seemed like they hated each other or something...no one talked to one another and I rarely saw a smile on any of the stylist, except for Annika, she seemed like the friendliest one there. I just moved from California, so I am on the hunt for my new norm hair salon/stylist. My old salon back home was very upbeat, everyone was always talking to each other, smiling, creating a good customer experience, all while doing a great job on my hair. This salon was just okay, simply because Annika was great...but not enough to become a regular. I just didn't feel at ease with the whole experience and ambiance of Cloud Nine. I'm confident that I can find a salon in AZ with great stylist as well as a welcoming feel.
5	I recently took my best friend here to help her celebrate her 50th birthday.  We made a real day out of it and got a package deal for a facial, massage, nails and hair that also included lunch.  From the minute we walked in the door we were treated like queen for the day!  Every single staff member we met was just the nicest person, so helpful and truly went out of their way to make our day special.I typically don't like a massage as they usually hurt me, but when I express my doubts to Whitney, she took it all to heart and I had the best massage experience I've ever had.  Just the right touch and I walked out of there feeling like jello.  Lots of times when I have facials, I will break out a few days later.  Not this time!  My face felt so good, smooth and so moisturized I had hopes of my wrinkles melting away.Lunch was yummy and we got to order off a menu.  The spa was spotless clean and just a very relaxing experience.  I will definitely be back in the future!
5	Great place to get a facial.  Please ask for Feri, she is exceptional at her craft.  Not only does she do a fantastic job with facials, she has given nothing but great advice on how to improve any skin problems and how progressively get better skin by the time of your next facial.  Not only is my skin better now and have a better understanding of good skin cleaning habits.  She genuinely cares about you beyond the facial.  Thank you Feri!!
5	I've sent my wife several times for the 4 hour facial, massage, manicure, pedicure and lunch deal. She loves it. We've done couples massage here too and it was incredible. The facility is nice, great staff and support and really feels fancy. It's pricey, but well worth it.
