5	Every time I'm back home in the MTL, Fairview is one of my first stops. Maybe it's based on the years I spent shopping there as a kid, or maybe the hours I waited in the terminal for the bus -- either way, I love the collection of fun stores (chains and not) the variety in the food court (in the US you get Subway, burgers or Asian. Shish Taouk is just a dream for us!), and most importantly - the epic smoked meat sandwich at the Deli. YAY Fairview!
4	Sometimes you just want to wander around a mall with your mom and little sister and try on summer dresses and buy socks and let mom look at strange crystal bird things. When I'm in a certain mental state the suburban mall has a weird appeal - all those things mall designers do to make you feel like time has stopped and like you could be anywhere in the world suddenly work for me: no street facing windows, just skylights; no clocks, just infinite intimate apparel options and Mmmmmuffins for miles. Fairview is staffed by it's target market: young West Islanders, so it is a little more fun than the stateliness of a Rockland and a little kinder and more interested in you than a mall downtown. End of the day, it's a mall, but for what it is it's plenty fine.
4	As shopping centers go, this is one of the better ones.Sure, it lacks an indoor skating rink, roller coaster, and water slide, but when you go to Fairview you can count on a good chance of finding what you're looking for in a good selection of good shops, a great food court, and a pleasant atmosphere shared by all ages. Great improvements in the last 10-15 years has made Fairview more than just a place to shop.
3	Its a mall, so what can you say?  Its busy like xmas almost every weekend here.  Has all the name brand stores as well as a Winners and Homesense.   The Best Buy is a seperate building in the parking lot, you can not access it from the mall.
5	It's the Mall that has it all, selection of great stores for everyone in the family!Definitely Montreal's Flag Ship Mall good selection of restaurants at the food court! Just that simple!
4	Came here on a Monday to escape the heat outdoors. Ended up buying a Venti Iced Tea Lemonade at Starbucks and a pair of sandals from Aldo.An excellent shopping experience with a great variety of stores for the whole family. I would imagine someone could spend the whole day here if they had the time. The mall also has great places to eat as well as a large food court if you get hungry.Parking might be a challenge but I was luck enough to find a spot right by the middle entrance near the Bank of Montreal.
3	Good selection, you can find almost anything while it not being a complete maze. The place is sadly FILLED with little "gangster" 14 year olds thinking they own the spot but there is nothing that can be done.Closing hours at 5 on week-ends are a pretty big bummer. Decent prices at the food court but nothing fantastic. Not enough parking spaces or decent electronic stores.
3	The Premiere mall in the W Island Fairview Pointe Claire has come a long way in the recent years.  Their proprietor Cadillac Fairview has done an admirable job in fixing up their malls so they provide an upscale retail experience.  You can see this with many malls in their portfolio.  Fairview boasts high ceilings and large cavernous space that is tastefully decorated!    FPC boasts over 200 shops and has moved to more upscale shopping such as Banana Republic, Coach, Michael Kors.  The food court serves as an excellent place for a cheap lunch.  Your typical selection: Asian, Lebanese, sushi, A & W, tacos.  Something for most palettes.  For me it's a nice mall that requires a decent amount of walking.  Good for light walking exercise!  *******Beware of shoplifting for stuff left in vehicles as it's a big place. Not that I have had first hand experience but malls are one of the worst places for break in's especially during the month of December.
