5	I just met Mark from Marken Mechanical. I also visited a job where he installed the AC units and needless to say it made realize why he is such a "cool" guy. He came up because the homeowner whose home we were in was very pleased with the AC and heating system his company put in. After spending some time with Mark I can tell you first hand that he's honest and is not afraid to tell you how it is!
5	The most honest people I've met in a long time. They do a lot of work for our fix and flips. They fix your A/C at a reasonable price, and most importantly they stand by their work. I've had more than one time where they had to come back out for some reason, and they never charged me for it. I only use them. And I'm lucky to have met them!
5	Marken Mechanical has done work on my home and commercial building, ever time they leave I can trust that the work was done correctly and at fair cost.  I would recommend them to anyone that want the job done correctly and in a timely matter.
5	I have used and I have recommend Marken Mechanical many time and the results are the same, great and reliable service at the right price.  If you need AC, Heating or Refrigeration needs call them and I believe you too will see why we recommend them to the people we know.
5	Ken and the Marken Mechanical group are awesome HVAC professionals. I have heard nothing but good things from others that used them and they are johnny on the spot when you need them. I love the way they stand behind their work. Ethical, hard working and reasonable prices are their trademark.
5	Honesty, Integrity, and professional. That about sums up my experience with Marken Mechanical. It is important who is in my home and that is never a concern when using the experts at Marken. They take the time to actually explain what the problem is and never try and upsell. I have even refered them to many friends and they have all had the same experience as me.
5	I had John out to my house for an air conditioning servince. He arrived on time, his truck was in good condition and clean, and he was dressed nicely as well. He was able to make sure the A/C worked well all summer long. I felt he was very trustworthy and honest and will be using them in the future.
5	Ken, John, and all of Marken Mechanical are very knowledgeable and professional.  They are HVAC experts and perform their work at very reasonable prices.  I won't use anybody else for my AC work.
5	Wife went nuts because Heater went out in the middle if the night and Marken was there within 24 hours. No extra charge either. They got the heater fix and have been taking care of my air-conditioning ever since. I recommend these guys for anyone needing air conditioning or heating repairs. We will be buying a new air-conditioning unit soon and we will be purchasing it from them.
5	The owner Ken came out himself and went out of his way to see what made our AC stop working. I cannot believe how honest and straight forward he is. I loved his can do it attitude and honest prices. He was willing to do things so reasonably that I would recommend him to anyone. His business Rocks!!! Thanks so much Marken Mechancial!!! I am a customer for life.
