3	Nice pool tables.  Shufflepuck.  Some tasty appetizers.  The atmosphere is a little bright for my tastes and barstaff has the annoying habit of overriding your  selections on the jukebox.  However, location and decent drinks and food make this a frequently stop.
3	Why is it that whenever a new bar goes up in Madison they insist on making it feel like it belongs in Fitchburg? Other than that, it's not a bad spot to shoot some pool, grab some cheese curds and a pitcher to relax. It's over on East Wash in the sort of no-man's-land, which keeps the kiddies out. Not necessarily a destination, but a good spot to start off your evening.
3	Not bad, not great, but a lot of pool tables.  Not too much else to say other than parking sometimes sucks due to popular shows at the High Noon next door.
3	Grade: C+Bar food. Bar prices. Bar service. Cool looking place.
3	I've had quite a few great nights at the Brass Ring, but there is always an outside chance that I hit an off night and the experience isn't very enjoyable.  The bar is nice and open, well-lit and built to keep people from standing on top of each other.  The pool tables and the shuffleboard table are in great shape and the cost is pretty reasonable.  When on a table there is usually a waitress that keeps the drinks flowing.  I've never been upstairs or in the dining area for an actual dinner, but the appetizers have always been quite good.  The Brass Ring shares an outdoor patio area with the High Noon, and it can be a great place to hang out during the summer months.  I especially like the tap selection, as it always includes three or four top-notch beers from local micros (Lake Louie, Ale Asylum, etc.).  I often drop in for a quick drink before doors open for shows at the High Noon.  Parking can be an issue, but I usually hit up the MG&E lots up the block, which are open for parking at night.The downside: sometimes the bartenders can be surprisingly aloof and rude.  On occasion my friends and I have had jukebox selections skipped by the bartender, then told to shove off when we asked for a refund on our dollar.  This is annoying to be sure, but I don't plug the juke all that much here as the selections aren't all to my liking.  What does really piss me off is when you find yourself standing at the bar, money in hand, for close to 10 minutes watching the two bartenders joke with each other and steal glances your way.  This would definitely be a four star place if not for this type of aggravation.  It's not frequent enough to make me stop going here, but it certainly can mar an otherwise great night out with friends.
3	Not my usual spot, but my girl friends and I decided to try this venue for TGIF. Dude, the happy hours price is excellent - $2 a rail for Friday!! I appreciated that so much. The happy hours last until 7pm, and that's long enough to squeeze fair amount of after-work liquor therapy. After 7, it was $3.75 a rail. Still a fair price.The bar tenders were friendly, the service was quick. The food is average bar food, but not bad. I'd say this is a good place for group outing. And, I have to advertise that the beautiful carpentry done at the bar is work of my friend. I hope you enjoy it as much as I do :)
5	Great place for a party.  We had a birthday party there, the food was fab, the beer was ice cold, the bar was attractive and the staff was great.  Would certainly use them again, or go back for drinks and dinner.
4	The Brass Ring has quickly been growing on me to the point where it's probably one of my favorite bars in Madison now.  I just started frequenting it about two months ago and it has a lot to offer.  There is a bevy of pool tables so that it's almost a guarantee you'll be able to use one, the space inside is open allowing you to change-up what your doing on the fly without having to go somewhere else, and the beer selection is agreeable.  There's also a shuffleboard table that is in good shape and usually not overcrowded (like the ridiculous "list" system the Great Dane uses).  The atmosphere is good, but I think part of that is because I've usually gone with a group of 5 or 6 friends if not more.There are a few cons though, despite the fact that I like it so much.  First, the patrons there are a mixed bag.  I don't like to judge other people, but it has a mix of trashy and cleaner looking people and I've heard of unsavory times there from friends of mine.  I personally haven't run into any issues, but you never know.  The bartenders are usually overworked and not very quick as others have mentioned, but if you snag a pool table it's usually not too big of a deal.  Parking can sometimes be a hassle, but there's a lot of street parking if your patient.Lastly, the food isn't that great.  They give you big portions, but it's about as greasy-bar-food as it gets, and doesn't even taste that good.  I guess I could recommend the chili-cheese-fries, but it's generally better just to get drinks, play pool, and get friends together.  The Brass Ring's strong suit is it's open space, so invite a lot of friends and you're bound to have a pretty solid time.
4	I went here twice in the past week to meet up with friends that were in town for the holidays.  It's a nice relaxing atmosphere where you can actually talk to each other without straining to listen.  The high ceilings and woodwork are a nice touch.
4	Good for pool. Prices are fair. Nice place.
4	Fun place. Good food, pool tables. great vibe.
2	I went here on a Saturday afternoon.  We were able to park, but took the last available space.  Inside is fairly nice and there are a ton of pool tables, if that's your thing.  Prices were reasonable.The wait staff weren't great.  I'm not sure if they were overworked or what, but my table and the table behind us had to repeat orders.  I got a spicy chicken sandwich and started feeling sick on the drive home.  I'm not blaming the Brass Ring for that, but it certainly cemented feeling ill with going to the Brass Ring.  It might be worth it for customers to make the extra trek into the downtown to get better food, service and atmosphere for the same price.
4	The food is average-to-good Madison fare, but the happy hour prices are superb, the service is fine, and the management is incredibly helpful to the point of bending over backwards. The space is fine, but they have more pool tables for the size than any other Madison bar, which means not having to wait hours for your turn. Great Friday hangout while waiting for a show at the nearby High Noon.
4	I like the Brass Ring. Even though the ceilings are a ba-jillion feet tall, it feels cozy inside. The pool tables are challenging (they're HUGE) and the service is just attentive enough. On top of that they have decent food and really well crafted drinks. Hendrick's press with freshly muddled cucumber? Don't mind if I do.This place is not cheap, so keep that in mind if you are on a budget. But it is a fun place to hang out with a small group and have a good time.
3	A few co-workers and I met here last Friday to get together.  We all needed to blow off some steam about work and a bar seemed like the perfect place to do it.  It was fairly busy, since it was a Friday, but the waitress we had did a pretty good job of checking on us.  We were even checked on by who I believe to be a manager a couple times.  I ordered a couple well drinks and was pleasantly surprised by how good they tasted.  You can never be too sure with a well drink...I ordered cheese curds to munch on and while they were good, they were not anything special.  My co-worker got the hummus wrap and she seemed to enjoy that a lot.  Pricing for everything seemed average.  No bargains, but you weren't going to pay an arm and a leg for basic bar food either.  I liked the atmosphere a lot, but I'm not sure if I'll make an effort to return.
5	For the last couple of weeks, I've been going to Brass Ring for their Wednesday trivia night. I love it! The owner runs the trivia and he is super nice and always remembers our group. The staff is also great. The first couple of times, it seemed like they were a little light on the staff given how crowded it was, but that hasn't been an issue at all lately. For a bar, they have a very large food menu, including a vegetarian selection. And they have decent wine and great cocktails for beer haters.
4	I frequent this joint quite a bit for trivia night. It's always a fun time and the food and drinks are good. Service is always great, which is pretty hard to come by on trivia night.Food is cheap and quality matches what you pay for.Nice selection of taps and specials throughout the week.Not a place to take out-of-towners, but somewhere I'd recommend if you're looking for a fun weeknight out.
2	the brass ring... where some people go to play pool, and incredibly bland people come to drink themselves stupid. meh.
4	Why, oh why did it take me so long to grab a beer with you Brass Ring?You're woody. You're expansive. You're hip.You have an awesome music venue next door!Not certain why I didn't cross East Wash sooner, the place is practically in my front yard, but I'm glad I did. Some friends found it easy to have conversation even though the place was hopping, and there's a decent selection of brews.
4	8/18/13 My wife and I stopped in.  We played pool, drank a pitcher, and ate an appetizer.  It was great.  We had a GroupOn and were still treated with the respect we deserved.  We also had to have a martini and a bourbon too!  :-)
4	Deck the halls with pools of pool! CLUUURRRRLY the place to be on Wednesday night for trivia. Almost everyone who's there is playing and INTO. IT.Deal on New Belgium Beers...Hell, get a pitcher while you're at it.
1	This place was awful. I just left. This is my second trip to Madison and my friend took me here. It was a Sunday morning and the place was nearly empty. Something was wrong with their water...we could not drink it. We ordered soda waters and they tasted fine. But they charged for soda water (whaaaaaat?? I know) I ordered the smokestack and the soup of the day. The soup was extremely salty and the sandwich was this: lower bun , turkey, bacon, cheese, bun top. Zero effort to make a decent sandwich on their part. My friend had the salmon salad and said it was fine. My other friend had a grilled cheese and he couldn't eat it...he said it was too cheesy, which sounds like well duh you ordered a grilled cheese, but it was more the fact that it was just not well balanced so it just felt like biting a slab of melted cheese.Bad, bad experience.
5	This happens to be my main joint, and for good reason.First let me say that the eight 9' pool tables available for rent by the hour here are the best tables in Madison, bar none. They are frequently re-surfaced and kept in great condition, as are the house cues cleaned and maintaining on the regular. There is also an in house league here that includes a good number of stellar shots, they're a ton of fun to watch, play and learn from.I agree the pool rates here are pricier than other venues. However if you're playing and finishing games at a reasonable rate, factoring in the excellent condition of these tables you're not really getting a better value paying per game on bar tables. Plus Sunday pool rates are a steal!Atmosphere is top notch here, the decor and seating arrangements are mostly hardwood and very classy. The lighting complements this nicely too, I can dig it! There's also a beautiful area in the plaza outside of the bar where you can eat or have drinks as well.The Brass Ring also excels at providing a great selection of craft beer taps, including at least one stout on tap served out of a bona fide stout faucet. Really, really solid move guys, stout fans appreciate your gesture more than you know.Eats here are quite noteworthy also, I'm a big fan of the various chicken sandwiches and tenders here in particular. Their cheese curds are tasty, and best served with a side of cusabi sauce, something I actually discovered at this establishment. It has a Tzatziki sauce vibe with a good amount of wasabi flavor infused into it, a delightful mixture you should treat yourself to.A prime place to eat, shoot pool, get your drink on and be merry, check out this spot!
3	Had lunch here with work mates. Had the Cesar Wrap and a cup of chili. Wrap was great but chili was so. So. Service was ok. Not the most attentive waitress. Would try again.
4	I've only been to the Brass Ring a few times, to play pool or to play trivia, but as pubs go, it's a nice one. The lighting level is good, not too bright or too dark, and it's very roomy and open inside while still retaining a sense of coziness, not an easy thing to pull off. The food is quite good, also. I'm kind of a BLT affectionata, and I really enjoyed my chipotle BLT with pub chips tonight. The bacon tasted freshly cooked, neither over or underdone, and was very flavorful. I usually don't like the bread to be grilled because of the heavy, greasy feel it gives to the sandwich, but Brass Ring grilled it in such a way that it was nicely crispy outside and not greasy at all. The chipotle mayo is served on the side and adds nice flavor and heat. The pub chips were a little burnt tasting, not the best I've had; the only off note. The dill pickle spear was on point, nicely garlicy and dilly, with no hint of sweetness. I paired it with a PsycHOPath tap beer (which was served in the correct glassware), and at $4 was a very good value. The tap beer list isn't huge, but has enough variety to keep most folks happy. (DC only drinks Budweiser, and of course they had that for him, so he was happy.) The service is the perfect balance of friendly and efficient, if only a wee bit slow. The trivia night was one of the better ones I've been to. We had a very good time, and will do it again soon.
4	I've been to The Brass Ring a number of times to play pool, shuffleboard, and/or darts (all while drinking beer).  But last night I went for my first ever trivia night and it was a lot of fun!It was easy and the staff was so welcoming even though it was my first time joining in.  What's so great is that it is free to play, but you can win $40, $20, or $10 based off your score. If you want to have a fun night with your friends, I definitely recommend going Thursdays (starts at 7:30) or on Sunday (starts at 5:30).  If you don't want to do trivia, that's ok!  The Brass Ring offers a million other activities that are fun to do sober or while sipping on your favorite adult beverage.  They also serve food and have tables throughout the building. It's also a great spot to start your night out if you plan on seeing a show at The High Noon.  It is located right next door! Usually I like more low-key places to hang out.  I find places that are large, and noisy to be a little overwhelming, but I've always had a great time when visiting.  The only reason that  I am not giving 5 stars is that my friends and I ordered some nachos (twice...don't ask) last night and the cheese wasn't melted all the way.  We still ate all of them (twice), so it must not have been that bad.  Ha. :)
4	The only times I've come here is for after game drinks with my team (Madison Sports and Social club had a deal for a free pitcher after games), but it's always been a fun time! Good selection of draft beers, delicious cheese curds (probably some of the better ones in Madison), and a great, comfortable atmosphere. Sometimes the service can get a little sketchy when it's super busy, but we're just there to hang out, so we don't mind! Food is pretty acceptable too.My friends have come for the pool, and they say it's fun--will need to try that sometime!
