3	I've cut back on my caffeine intake ever since I peaked at 10 cups a day and started getting heart palpitations - erm not so pleasant - but I'm still up for coffee every once in a blue moon.The new Pikes Peak Roast is strong and not too bitter - amazing, a good basic coffee at Starbucks, what's this place coming to.  This location has pleasant baristas, never a line, a little off the beaten path.
3	Starbucks....need I say more? Caffeine...Im good to go!
4	I agree with Mike G, this location has pleasant barista's.  I've been hit on by two of them.  One played for the other team.  Still flattering in my book.Once my wife was with me.  She was amused.  Really.Seriously, though, I do like this location.  I've probably been here 10 times and had good service every time.  I often get a Mocha, extra hot.  Actually scalding.  They'll make it that way for me.  No waiver to sign or anything!
4	I stopped here to meet a friend from out of town that I was taking on a hike at Lake Mead.  Excellent service.  Very pleasant baristas.  Quad espresso over ice.  It was great!
3	this is a good store , they make good drinks and the people are very nice. the workers from the restaurant next store are always sitting at the tables outside the entrance by the pick up counter making it so other guests can not relax at the tables. would have given another star but every time i get my drink there is whip cream on it even thou i tell them no whip. i see them taking it off for people at drive up  also so they are just like robots and put the drink together like Starbucks says.
5	I stopped going for awhile and the people there totally remembered me AND my drink.  Sometimes it's even ready before I get up to pay.  Talk about great service!!!
3	I've been generally satisfied with this place except for one incident today when they screwed up the syrup on my cinnamon dolce frappuccino. I've had this particular flavor every other day for frappuccino happy hour, and when this came out tasting like a caramel or possibly a coffee frappuccino, I was fairly disappointed. I expect consistency from chains, and it didn't happen today.
3	My experiences with this location are all drive thru. I cannot attest to the barrista's or the inside of the place but they are pretty fast and friendly here.It's your standard starbucks. It doesn't have the people that I love at my old location near my old house so maybe that's why I am lacking a little luster in this review. But they are good with the drinks and have not messed up anything I have ever ordered.
4	Good, solid Starbucks location.  I have been here a handful of times.  They have been fast and get the orders right.  What else can you ask for?
4	customer service is always great here :-) never too busy and there always fast so thats perfect to me.
4	Their drive through is hit or miss....sometimes it's super long and other times it's crazy fast.  You just never know. But the coffee is consistent and the staff is friendly.
3	Basic Starbucks. Busy drivethru.No "I'll be with you in a few". or " Just a minute".We sat there and waited a few minutes before anyone came over the speaker.Odd, because the drive thru was not empty.Ordered our drinks, they tasted decent..and we went on our way.
5	This is a Great Location,Its Fast on the Drive Thru and the Barristas onthe Inside are all nice and friendly.Compared to the Location at Galleria, this place is Speedy Gonzales fast.I live right next to this location,If needing Caffeine,I hit before I go anywhere else,other location can not B trusted to do as great a Job or as fast!All five stars and two thumbs up!Keep up the good work!
2	Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow. Is the slowest moving group of employees a live!  If you want to age while you wait for coffee come here!!!!!   Remember Slow. Slow. Slow. Slow!
2	Compared to the other Starbucks around town this ones probably the worst, I know it's 100 degrees outside but when I order my Americano hot, I kinda expect it to be hot, last couple of times it's been cool like they iced it then noticed oops it's suppose to be hot, then strained and put into cup. Granted it's better than 7-11 coffee but When I go to Starbucks I expect better.
2	Most recently I gave up coffee but occasionally I wander through for that craving I can't rid myself of. I had received a email about the BOGO Fall favorites. I used this opportunity to indulge and flash my gold card I'm so proud of. I ordered Pump. Spice(naturally) and a chai tea. The girl gave me the price which was the full amount for 2 drinks. When I reached the window(after double checking the email to ensure dates were correct) I asked why my drinks weren't part of the promo. She rolled her eyes and said you mean you wanted the OPRAH chai tea. I said yes and apologized for not plugging Oprah. She then turned around and complained to the barista that she had to redo the drink. I got my stuff and got out there so irritated that she wouldn't have offered to even tell me about the promo, and ask if I wanted the damn Oprah chai in the first place to provide good service. Which in turn would make me want to revisit. She could've avoided being annoyed at me by simply being a smart good rep. of the company. I wasn't too keen on her giving me an attitude for a simple mistake, not to mention making her annoyance known. Needless to say this one person ruined this location for me. Why go there when I can go to my old Starbucks where they are pleasant, talkative and informative.
1	Came here last night with a friend about an hour before closing.  The drinks were okay here, however the service was subpar.  After ordering our drinks, the barista making the drinks kind of just nonchalantly shoved our drinks out on the counter didn't call out the order or our names.  I still said thank you and the barista just looked at me, walked away, and didn't say a single word back...okay?  Not looking for a five star dining experience when I come to Starbucks, but I at least expect to have a short courteous exchange.     Drinks...meh.  Service...seriously lacking.
1	I hope that no one ever feels about Starbucks the way I felt about this Starbucks. My sister and I are both Gold Card holders and needless to say we've both been to MANY a Starbucks because we LOVE the drinks and we love the excellent service even more. The experience we had at this location this last Saturday early afternoon was the polar opposite to all other Starbucks experiences we've ever had. My sister went first to reload her card and the cashier just stared at her. No greeting, no how can I help you?, she just was. After she reloaded her card I went next and placed my bottled beverage on the counter and waited for her to acknowledge me. She literally did not say or do ANYTHING for a solid 30 seconds. Mind you she was doing nothing. Just standing there. I kept looking at her smiling wondering why she wasn't ringing me up.. I don't know if anyone's ever just stood in silence for 30 seconds , but that. is. a. long. time. Finally I slid the beverage closer to her and she looks at me and says 'Is that all? as if ringing me up was such an inconvenience. I attempt to explain to her how I received a reward the day before for 25% off any espresso drink and if the code on the email was all she needed for me to redeem. When she confirms it is I ask my sister what she wanted so that she can use it. My sister asks for her advice and she was SO RUDE. First if all you'd think it was her first day because she sounded like she knew nothing about the menu or customer service for that matter, secondly she kept answering my sister with a short sentences like we were annoying her. We asked her if the Espresso Frapp was considered ok under that coupon and she said no because it didn't have espresso. Your telling me the Espresso Frapp DOESNT have espresso??? Huh? My sister and I go to Starbucks over Coffee Bean, Grouchy Johns, Madhouse etc because we love the drinks but even more because we love the customer service. This location can really brush up on their Starbucks Culture training and, on a side note, can really use someone to clean up outside. The entire front of the store was covered in trash bags, water bottles, beer cans, just trash everywhere. Super disappointed. Sad because we just moved to this side of town and it looks like this is the closest location to us, but we definitely will not be coming back here sorry. Needless to say my sister and I didn't order anything and just drove to our favorite location 20 minutes away (Green Valley/Pebble:)
1	While Im sometimes forced to use this Starbucks since its close to home, Ill usually go the distance just to avoid this location or Ill just realize that Starbucks is overpriced and I dont need it after all, but when temptation gets the best of me, I can rest assured that I can at least cool off inside while cause this location is sooooooo slow I know better than to get stuck in that drive thru line!! At least I can choose to leave at anytime instead of being trapped!If you manage to place your order and make it through wait extremely long wait time, I really hope you didnt order a frozen beverage cause I guarantee you, IT WILL BE MELTED!! Its interesting to watch this take place and not have a single customer in front of you and the drive thru is empty!! If they are going to consistently have unexplained wait times and serve messed up drinks, they could at least discount especially since this store is already an over priced location, especially for its location!If it were my store or I was manager there wouldnt be people siting around on payroll when, if everyone worked as a TEAM, there would be a lot less wait for the customer and a lot more time to TAKE CARE OF BUSINESS!!
5	I bought a gingerbread loaf this morning and a copy of the Las Vegas Review-Journal. Kim goes the extra mile for her customers, I recommend this location.
4	My local stop for my iced green tea. The line is always long in the drive thru but they keep it moving pretty fast. The workers at the window are always friendly and accomidsting, they give my dogs  some pupacinos from time to time.
