4	What?! No one's yelped them yet?!  Alright then...Good little museum. Right now, they've put together a new exhibit to commemorate the century mark for Clark County.  They've also got a steam locomotive and "The Outdoor Classroom", a walking trail where all the local flora have been classified with signs.They've set up "Heritage Street", with more than a half dozen buildings That have been moved to the site and outfitted with appropriately period interior accoutrement. I really like this kind thing, but I can see how the less historically-inclined might be bored.  They've done an admirable job, but you can tell the funding's a little short because several the the rooms need repair. So the moral of the story is, throw 'em a couple extra bucks to preserve the local history.  I'd really like to see them renovate their newest aquisition,  The Little Wedding Chapel. Once that's done, They'll be a great place to have wedding ceremonies (likely, on the cheap, too, considering it's a county site)
4	This museum is so worth the drive. If you want to head south from Vegas, stop at Ethel M, go to this museum, and then head to the Hoover Dam - there I planned a whole day in Vegas for you!At $1.50 per adult, and $1 per kid, this museum is way underpriced. It has a nice indoor collection and the outdoor area that is very interesting and gets you moving after the short drive. We spent about 90 mins here checking out all of the exhibits and I highly recommend it to locals and travelers.
4	I REMEMBER THIS PLACE.I took several field trips to this place back in Elementary school.It is very interesting and was a lot of fun......but the only thing that sticks out to me is the houses. It was awesome, and at the same time kind of creepy that they were the real thing. Not only that but they're filled with WAX figures. My 4th grade self almost had a heart attack walking into rooms only to see another incredibly lifelike wax statue.Overall it's a very interesting trip back into time and I would go back again if it wasn't for those goddamn wax figures. D:
5	I can't believe this only cost 1.50 to get in. This is a great museum and a great way to spend a couple of hours. The staff is very friendly and they have a good gift shop too. Definitely off the beaten path, but a good way to get out of the casinos for a couple of hours.
5	Probably one of the best values in Vegas.  Actually, it's a bit of a steal!  Just $1.50/adult to get in!  Insanity!  Definitely the best $3.00 we spent this trip.The staff was amazing - the lady who took our $3.00 explained the map to us and sent us on our way, encouraging us to get the outside stuff done first as it was only going to get hotter!  We loved "Heritage Street" and all the different building representing different eras.  The train depot was cool and the "ghost town" was better than some of the real ghost towns we've visited in past trips.  The indoor museum was a typical museum - but I liked the fact it was more hands on than other museums I've visited.  I like to touch things, so it's nice when it's allowed!  Highly recommended and we'll definitely go back!
4	Back in 2002, my husband and I tied the knot at the Candlelight  Wedding Chapel that was on the Strip at the time.  It was torn down in 2004, or so I thought. It was actually moved to the Clark Country Museum! I was beyond tickled when my husband and I took my mother out to see the museum and realized that we were going to get to revisit the place we got married! Even if you didn't get married in the Candlelight Wedding Chapel, the Clark County Museum is worth both the drive and the admission (just $2 for adults!). There are things to see both inside and out. Other then the chapel (for obvious reasons) my favorite part of the museum was seeing all of the old casino memorabilia. The ghost town is small but filled with interesting things to see, like old farm and mining equipment. Since we were there in May there were also lots of flowers in bloom and little rabbits running all over. We kept our eyes peeled for Mark, the museum curator that is often seen on episodes of Pawn Stars on the History channel but no luck. All of the other museum employees were very friendly through
4	So my friend and I  - we are clearly a bunch of nerds.  We are in Vegas, and looking for things to do - and one of the first things that comes up is - hey, since we are here, let's go to the Clark County Museum where Mark - the main administrator - works at and we've seen on Pawn Stars and American Restoration.  Yes. we are that nerdy.It's now $2 per adult not that we cared.In the main building, we paid our admission in the gift shop, and was handed a map.  The man let us know that there was a lot of old houses outside that are all original and part of the history and worth the jaunt outside in the 114 degree heat.We walked through the main building first since we were already there.  It had a lot of historical items and discussion of history of the area which was actually quite interesting.  Told you.  We are a bunch of nerds.From there, we finally went outside.  Luckily - each house had a/c so at least they were stifling in the houses.  The houses were interesting, most were originally house that were moved to the museum to preserve some history of the Las Vegas area.  One of the homes was a typical track home that was built for the workers working at the Hoover Dam.  The Candlelight Wedding Chapel is apparently a relatively new addition.  It was going to be demolished for a new hotel they were building on the strip - which by the way is currently sitting halfway in between empty land and a completed hotel with no work going on.  They also had a trailer and a room of a typical motor lodge.Also - if you do watch American Restoration - the Yellow air raid siren that Rick restored for the museum pro bono is right there at the end of the street.overall, it was a nice little museum with a lot of local history that was worth the drive out to Henderson and the $2/person admission.
4	Cool museum on the history of the area.  With both indoor exhibit halls and outdoor collection of artifacts and buildings.  I wish I had more time exploring this place!
4	The Clark County Museum is a great place to see the houses of yesterday from the Basic Magnesium home of Henderson to the other homes of the era.  Looking inside and seeing the furniture and the ways our lives have changed is quite interesting.  Heritage Street is a time capsule of how we lived in the Las Vegas Valley.Make sure you spend time looking at the main museum items too.  Much of this was owned by Anna Parks who was the owner of many of the items that are on display.  Her collection of "stuff" from the area is marvelous and her collection of Indian baskets is superb!Enjoy the County museum.  It's a bit of a drive from the western part of the Valley, but it's well worth it.  While at the museum gift shop, look for a book called "Asphalt Memories" by the museum director Mark Hall-Patton.  It's a small paperback book that tells you how many of the streets in the Valley got named.  If you're a Las Vegas history nut, this is just the book for you.In fact, this brief visit of mine to the museum was to pick up a copy of the book to give to a friend.
4	Best $2.00 you will ever spend. Walking in those houses is like going back in time. Lots of neat things to look at on your self guided tour.  Other reviews already covered the stuff there.  The yellow air raid siren was done on the History Channel show American Restoration.  Took about 2 hours to look at it all.  Was a nice 60 degree day.  Staff is very friendly and eager to help.
5	This is the best museum I've been in for a very long time. Maybe ever. $2 admission for adults: are you kidding?? In terms of value for the money this is a sure fire winner for anyone with any degree of interest in the local area's history. You get admission to the indoor portion of the museum which includes displays (and a surprising number of interactive "please touch" hands-on components) on the local natural history, native americans, ore mining industry, nuclear testing, and of course the history of the vegas strip. I may be forgetting some of the displays but hopefully this will give you an idea of the range of material covered. No one area is especially exhaustively covered, but all are interesting and had information that previously I hadn't known about (and I consider myself a history buff). There also is an area of the indoor museum that appears to contain exhibits that are visiting / changed out, etc. This is currently displaying native american art and pow-wow related items. The outdoor part of the museum includes many buildings and homes that you can enter and view. This was really fun, hopping from place to place, then going to the 'ghost town' a short distance away. Also if you're interested in the wildlife in the desert there's plenty to observe here if you stop and take a careful look while on the trails. We spotted many species of birds including some very cool hummingbirds, as well as a large number of ?rabbits and a nice small lizard 'hiding' camouflaged on a tree stump. I was looking specifically for snakes and found the lizard instead; it was a good substitute. I dont know how kids will respond to this place, but as an adult I thought it was very interesting. We spent over 3 hours here exploring and could have spent even more time if we hadn't gotten so hungry. And, for 2 bucks?!?! It might be the best bet in the vegas area.
4	I agree with the other reviews this is very nice place to spend an hour or two. It was interesting to see history dating back before us gringo's arrived. It's also fun to go inside actual furnished homes dating back to the early 1900's. a must see/visit for anyone interested in the history of this area.. the price is also rite only $2.00
4	An interesting museum with lots to see! I spent most of my time here browsing outside, in and out of each of the houses that were recreated to represent different times in history. A lot of old time artifacts from the early 1900s, even if you're not interested in specific NV history, its fascinating to take a look back in time. We spent probably about 2 hours here, without really checking out the inside. I would recommend DO NOT go here in the summer time. It will be waaaaay too hot to walk around. I went in January and it was pretty warm, even then! Good times.
5	Loved this! Loved the display they had inside & loved their outside exhibits! Who cares if it's not on The Strip. Enjoyed the outside 'homes' exhibit with the different eras and great information about the era. Actually easy to get to from the freeway to Boulder Hwy. Very inexpensive and worth more than what we paid, although I wouldn't want to do this during the 'hot' part of the Las Vegas year. :-)
4	I loved this museum! It was so fun and educational. I enjoyed being able to walk through the time eras and get a feel of the lives once lived here. The environment feels so accurate.. and a bit spooky! Definintly a place to visit and I know I will again.
5	Very interesting and admission is dirt cheap. Fun walk through NV history for the kids!
5	We paid $2/person and thought it was a great deal.  They have a bunch of houses that you can walk into, and see how people lived during the 60s.  I think most, if not all, of the artifacts were of the period. It was well worth the money.  There weren't that many people too.  We went around noon on a Friday in December.
5	Really cool place! I especially enjoyed all the outdoor exhibits, which were FREE. Easy to miss these if you dont take a walk on the grounds. There are old locomotives you can actually go inside, period houses, a print shop, telegraph office, church and barn. All are full of period furnishings and cool antiques. Plus its only $2 for adults and $1 for kids for the indoor exhibits. This is a small museum but definitely worth a look if you like history & artifacts.
4	For just a $2.00 entrance fee you can't beat this place. Very interesting and informative. I haven't been out here in years but today my girlfriend and I spent an enjoyable morning checking it out.My only piece of constructive criticism would be that some of the outdoor displays in the ghost town need to be redone. They have become weathered and are often times hard to read.
5	Best $2 you'll spend in Nevada, unless of course you're a fan of $2 watered down margaritas from a downtown Vegas casino. So what does $2 buy you here? A glimpse into Nevada's past. Mind you, not just Las Vegas. The musuem has an indoor and outdoor component. The indoor houses the cashier, gift shops, and a decent exhibit entitled "Lost Vegas."On the outside, you can pretend to taka 1/2 mile trail to a "ghost town" where you can go inside one of the building, I think it was the jail, if I  recall correctly. Too bad some people don't respect historical artifacts, there were some vandalism in there. Another part was the houses that they relocated there. They change the decorations based on the seasons.They also relocated the Candlelight Wedding Chapel here so if you or you know someone who got married there, you can send in a photo and proof of your marriage there and they'll include it in their wedding album.
5	This place was very nice and informative, loved it. The price of admission is only $2, how awesome is that. This place also an outdoor exhibits. If your a history buff you'll love this place. The only thing that would have made this place Gravy is meeting Mark the director of the place :)
5	Some people might get mad at me for saying this, but the Clark County Museum really needs to charge a higher admission fee.  At $2 per adult, it's a bargain at twice the price!On my recent trip to Las Vegas, I hoped I'd get a chance to come here.  I love museums, and I have seen Clark County's director, Mark Hall-Patton, on various TV shows over the years.  You really get the sense that he's knowledgeable and passionate about Nevada history.The museum is made up of a main building with indoor exhibits, along with homes and other buildings that line a few streets nearby.  The gift shop is small but cute.  The woman working there was so sweet and friendly.Highly recommended for kids and adults alike.
5	I have been to Vegas quite a few times and never stopped in here.  This place is a must see.  It is super cheap, $2 for adults and $1 for kids.  It features a lot of history of Vegas and the surrounding areas and also has a lot of old homes from different periods that you can walk through that have all of the furniture, etc from that period.  I would definitely suggest starting any Vegas trip here to learn the history and then set out and do the other touristy things you have planned.
5	I have been here twice and both times were for family photo shoots. It's very far for me (approximately 30 miles), but I really do love everything it offers: the trains, train tracks, old cars, old homes, grass, big trees, gazebo, everything. The best time to come is really early in the morning (when they open 9 a.m.) because no one is there and you have the freedom to explore without running into other people or having them in your shots. Locating the museum and parking is very simple. The gift shop is located on the right as you're preparing to enter the property where you pay your entrance fee to the cashier. It's extremely inexpensive (Adults: $2, Children/Seniors: $1) and helps the county continue to preserve this "blast from the past." After paying, you're on your own to explore. It's truly something special. Bring your children and/or your family and glance into the valley's history.
4	was very happy with the place. was a lot bigger then i expected it to be.  A majority of the things to see are outside, so make sure the weather is good before you go.  I dont think it would be easy to enjoy it that much if it was over 100 outside or super windy since there is a lot of dirt all over the place.  A great place to take the family for a few hours.  My fav was the houses that you could walk through, and i went right after christmas and they had decorated the houses for the holiday... was very nice and you cant beat the $2.00 price!!!!
5	This was actually kind of fun.  Located in Henderson, it is not too far from the bright lights of the Strip and gives a different perspective of Las Vegas and a nice history of the area.  While the displays are a little weathered, we ended up having a good time wandering the outdoor exhibits, especially the "ghost town".  And the price cannot be beat at only $2.00!
5	This Clark County Heritage Museum is basically a blast from the past history of Nevada. I came across this place from TripAdvisor since I had nothing to do so for the day, I like the fact that it cost me and my mom $4 to get in. The admission is $2 for adult and $1 for 17 and under. The lady to the front desk was very helpful in guiding the map of the museum. I personally enjoy the museum and I was excited to see that they have an photo of Ella Fitzgerald in their museum she definitely one of my favorite jazz artist! Hope this place will never ever close down so I could come back here in the future when I have kid LOL!
5	I would give this place 10 stars if I could. My wife and I walked in, and right in front of us was Mark. He was talking to someone about a copy of the Gettysburg address. We stood by and quietly waited for him to be done. Afterwards we got an opportunity to talk to him in person. He was very friendly, took pictures with us, and I had a lengthy conversation with him about the steam train outside. He made us feel very welcome, he was very pleasant, and was a very gracious person. ( I would review him personally as well if I could.) It cost exactly 2 dollars apiece to take the self guided walk through the museum and they have tons of cool stuff there I am personally into mechanical stuff, so the steam train and all of the ancient equipment outside was right up my alley. My wife was obviously bored with me while I explained to her what things were used for and how they worked, but when we got to the ghost town houses she was excited to go through all of the houses from different eras. The print shop was cool with all of the equipment in it. I could actually feel the history and see the people that used to run the equipment on a daily basis. After watching Pawn stars and seeing Mark on the show we decided to check this place out, and it turned out to be the highlight of our entire vacation. Thank you guys for your hospitality, and thank you guys for being so down to earth and not letting the glamour of television go to your heads. I would also like to mention the very nice lady at the counter. she was very personable, and very helpful providing a map for the tour so you don't miss anything. She was very nice. DON'T FORGET THIS PLACE WHILE TOURING IN VEGAS!!!!!
3	Great place to come and learn about early Nevada days, and to see actualHomes (that part is really cool). Altho I agree w other yelpers that think the mannequins are creepy. Admission is so inexpensive , you can't beat that for what you're getting.
5	I've been here probably five times and I loved it every time. My favorite part is the mannequin neighborhood. There is just so much to explore at this place. It's both awesome for kids and adults! Definitely a treasure of Henderson.
5	you spend 2$ for hours of fun and learning. They have an inside area full of interesting stuff about the history of vegas, henderson and boulder city. then you move outsite they have a whole area dedicated to early american history of the mojave, and then they litteraly have a train depot and a whole neighbourhood like you were teleported back in time to the 60's 50's 40's 20's and early 1900's really cool place (depending on the house). They even have a printing press on site!  Take the kids, family and friends! I do not reccomeend this trek in the afternoons during summer.  Plus the folks from the pawnshop show own it if that means anything to anyone....
5	2 bucks. Awesome. Would recommend anyone that lives in Vegas to visit at least once. It is a great place to explore from exhibits to old railroads to houses circa 1920 and 40s. The houses all had air conditioning running which makes hot days more manageable. We really enjoyed the houses. There was a bomb shelter in one and they had a cool display on the atomic bomb testing and some advertising for supplies. Guess I'm kinda a nerd. Wouldn't want to be there at night with all the manaquins in the houses. Kinda like horror movie style..
4	A good deal at $2.  There is a mini-town that is frozen in time; you can see houses, trailers, and a print shop from decades ago.The displays automatically play audio tapes with information as you enter the houses.  Also, they have air conditioning hooked up so you can relax in the A/C as you look at the displays.There is a large outdoor area that I mostly skipped because the temperatures were 105+ the whole time I was in Vegas.There is a nice gift shop and the employees are very friendly and helpful.Inside (when you get overwhelmed by the heat, go into the air conditioning) there is a nice museum display covering some aspects of the area.There are bathrooms and a cold water fountain inside the main building where you pay for admission.I am not sure why there are trains here, but if that's your thing, they have that too.It's in the middle of nowhere but if you leave Vegas tor a trip to the Hoover Dam or Grand Canyon, it's on the way.Good for kids and history buffs.
5	A+ for this museums local historical content.  It takes you on a time line adventure from the extinct wolves that used to prowl and the native tribes way of life on to the gold rush mining and then to the industrial beginings that followed.  When you leave the indoor exhibits you are taken through a trail that shows examples of the native dwellings on to the first old west pioneers shacks and a wooden jail general store and then over to some examples of the railroads and then the first type of combustion engine vehicles at the end of the trail is a 1940's barn.  Turn the corner to an actual relocated train station with some train cars that you can explore. The next area is a retro small neighborhood that has actual historic homes that were donated that show the progression of domestic life.  From a general store/home and newspaper print shop.  There are 30's 40's and 50's examples of working class all the way up to the well-to-do's of those era's.  The houses are soo awesome and look like you're in Leave it to Beaver, I Love Lucy and a Cary Grant movie.  The end of the block has a famous little wedding chappell that kind of wraps up the time warp as it was around since the 60's all the way up to the millennium. All this just for 2$!  We all love this museum!  Everytime is just as fun.
5	We got more than we expected to see!  This museum is very well taken care of and thoughtful displays really engage you.  We loved learning about and seeing the history from the start to more modern living in the area.  They covered everything from geology, lifestyle, and events of the area.  We would recommend everyone to go see it and explore the trains, houses, outdoor garden, and artifacts persevered from the mining history.
5	There's a lot to see at this museum. You have an indoor exhibits and an outdoor historic area with houses in the 30's. A blast of the past history of Nevada. Only $2 for adult, that's quite a good deal.
5	I was lucky enough to visit, the entry fee is extremely low and the exhibits are great.  I am happy that we have such a wonderful facility to visit and I hope that others take advantage of this great museum!
5	This has to be one of my favorite places to visit. Not only is it awesome it's really cheap! I've gone about 6 times and when I was in high school I did my film photography project here! It's so beautiful and every time I go I see something I must have missed the last time! I love history and old houses have a place in my heart. I just wish they sold water bottles because in the summer it's hot as hell! Just remember to bring your own water. ^.^
4	Cheap entertainment at $2 a pop.  Not the most exciting museum I'll ever experience, that's for sure.  Outside was pretty void of items like they would get taken anyway.  Worth stopping at as a time filler on a vacation.
5	What a gem of a museum! At $2 you're getting a lot for your money. I've already been a few times just to be company to others who haven't been here before. This museum is is no way perfect, the indoor part left a lot to be desired. It was small and cramped and the displays were just so-so. Where this museum really shines in it's outdoor exhibits, particularly the row of houses that have been brought over from various part of Vegas, Henderson and Nevada to transport museum goers to a slice of life in Clark County through the various decades. Each house is carefully decorated to display the time period from which it represents. Depending on the time of year, they even add holiday decorations and move the mannequins around to display holiday pastimes of the period. I truly felt transported as I stepped into these homes. Due to the trees and outdoor benches, if the weather is right, I would recommend bringing a picnic and grabbing a bite on the grass if you get peckish. You'll probably feel a bit of remorse leaving these homes to go back to your stucco-cloned track house or bland predictable hotel room.DEFINITELY the best deal on anything you'll find in Vegas (well, Henderson).
4	From the ride up to the museum to strolling through the grounds, this museum is world class.I usually check the current exhibits before planning a trip there. I will visit again this weekend for the Jackson Pollack exhibit. If it is a clear day, the views are incredible. If you are in AZ   and onlyhave time to visit one museum, this one or the  Clark County Museum Villa should be your choice.
