4	If I could go here everyday, I would and I would also be 500 pounds. It is soooo delicious. The salsa is good, the chips are better, the taco dish (I think it was called "Six Halves") was pretty freeking yumm and the side salad that came with it, wow. The prices were reasonable. They have beer,wine and margaritas. The only thing I'd suggest is faster mamacitas (the service was slow).
4	Mi Pueblo is very flavorful.  The ambience is horrible.  It's located in a strip mall on the outskirts of Metro Center.  Spinach enchilada's are some of the best I've had.  I'm a professional Cheese Enchilada eater :)  When I find a place that meets my standards I GO BACK!!!  I will go out of my way to eat a Mi Pueblo.  Just don't take a date there because she will think your a cheapskate.  You can keep this place as your secret.
4	Mi Pueblo is good, fresh, tasty Mexican food in the Ghettro center vicinity. Prices are reasonable and the food is good. Vegetarian options are also available.Their salsa bar is on point. They've got everything from roasted habanero tomatillo salsa, to a standard tasty red salsa that you would expect from a Mexican joint. Eat as much chips & salsa as you'd like.I like to sit outside on their patio, which includes misters that help cool the area down a bit during the hot summer months.If you're looking for some quick, informal Mexican food without the bottom of the gutter bertos feel, check out Mi Pueblo.
2	Stopped in early Friday evening. The place as soon as I walked in seemed really clean and inviting. I got a little confused because they had a menu over the registers, so I thought it was like baja fresh where you order your food at the registers. My husband and I were drawn to walking right up to the counter when a waitress quickly walked up to us carrying menus and led us to a table to sit down, so I felt a little awkward. The atmosphere was open and bright with all sorts of different clientele. We sat down and right away ordered two margarita's on the rocks. Shortly after a basket of chips and sides of salsa and warm beans were delivered to our table. Our margaritas were pretty good. I ordered the house Margarita instead of the top shelf brand. But the tequila was pretty good tasting. It wasn't a hit you in the face type of drink, but had very good flavor. Menu's were given to us and we started looking at all the selection. Pretty nice mixture of fajitas, fish, meat, and poultry. I finally decided on ordering the carne asada cheese enchilada plate. We didn't have to wait very long before our meal was delivered. The portion size was pretty big for the prices, seems like the prices were around $8-$16 a plate. I looked around the restaurant and noticed a salsa bar, so I got up to get some and boo, all the salsa was gone. It was a empty bar. So I was kinda getting the picture of how maybe lunch is done??.. Walk up menu and salsa bar for lunch only. So I was a little disappointed at this point. I walked up to our waitress and asked for additional salsa, and she brought over the mild chunky salsa that was served with the chips earlier. Our food was served, and I started carving into my meat and noticed it was very tough. I popped it into my mouth and it was as I thought very chewy. I did eat about half of it before I was done with it. The meat wasn't as favored as I like mine. I took a bite of my cheese enchilada and it was OK, I mean it really didn't have any flavor to it, and I couldn't taste any sauce at all on it. The plate had a huge helping of rice which I didn't get into, not all that impressed with fillers like that overwhelming my plate. I can say this I did feel stuffed by half the meal. We had a 1/2 off coupon, buy one meal get one free, but honestly even with getting those coupons in the mail every week, I probably won't be back. It wasn't horrible tasting food, just bland for what I prefer.
3	I really wasn't expecting this place to be spectacular because 90% of the "Mexican" restaurants in this town serve the same stuff the same way for the same price.  This place was no exception.  You get a decent plate of food complete with rice and re-fried beans for under $10.  The same ole' tacos, burritos, etc. you would find at just about any other place.  Nothing special to be found here.I did enjoy the serve yourself chip and salsa bar.  The chips were good and the salsas were good as well.  I also liked that the staff was very friendly and the food was ready in under 5 minutes.  They have it all down pretty good for the 12:00 "lunch rush" of which I was a part.  My coworkers and I were out of there in under an hour.I ordered the chile rellenos.  For some reason they felt the need to put some type of thick breading over the chillies.  This is no bueno.  However, after picking off the breading the chillies were quite good.  Spicy and full of cheese just the way I like them.  The re-fried beans and rice that came with the meal were just ok.
2	So I am know for having a pretty sturdy digestive system and have been know to handle some pretty volitile foods with ease.  I eat at questionable roadside stands and holes-in-the-wall with ease in most cases.    Todays visit to Mi Pueblo challenged that fact.  Going in with coworkers for a quick bite to eat I ordered the Nachos.  Seemed ok until I saw that they also had put their red sauce/enchilada sauce all over the chips along with cheese, grilled chicken pico de gallo and refried beans.  WHY did they have to put that red sauce....ugh.  I picked through what I could and couldn't avoid some of it.   I also tried their habanero chipotle salsa and their salsa fresca, both fresh and tasty.  Fast forward about an hour.  Sitting in my meeting... *gurgle...gurgle...gurgle* Ugh... I pushed ignore.  But there came a point that I could ignore no more. Uhh Oh?!  Things were not right.  I may consider myself a queen, but the throne I have been spending the afternoon on is not what I expect. Had it not been for my digestive distress and that awful red sauce, I would have considered 3 stars for cleanliness, service, average and generous portion size.
4	This is a breakfast review.  Found ourselves at the Metro at 9:30am and store not open till 10.  So we went searching  for a breakfast place and found very slim pickings....down to Mimi's and this unknown Mexican place in a 70% empty shopping center.Wow, we both said "A hidden jewel!"  Maybe we like less spicy than some of you, but we gave our ham and eggs burrito and omelet ranchereo high marks.  Very flavorful.  Big helpings and excellent pricing. Now we need to try it for lunch - we can't believe it goes down to a 2 or 3 star!  And btw, the place was very clean and our waitress was excellent!
4	This is one of my favorite places for lunch with my co-workers - it's fast, cheap, and tasty. I love the chips and salsas. It is set up like a Baja Fresh only feels a bit more authentic.
5	Living in Flagstaff for seven years, I would eat at Mi Pueblo every time I visited my folks in Mesa. I have tried a wide variety of selections from their menu, but I kept returning to the amazing fish tacos. Now that I live in New Mexico, where the very concept of fish tacos is all but unknown, Mi Pueblo is one of the places I miss the most. Unlike most places, the fish tacos here are not fried and are not cod. Instead, you get big pieces of perfectly grilled mahi mahi (I believe), topped with fresh cabbage, cilantro, tomatoes, lime, some kind of tartar sauce, and cotija. The flavor is absolutely wonderful; everything tastes fresh and crisp and healthy. No greasy, soggy fish patties here. This is real fish. I have never been anything but thrilled with a meal at Mi Pueblo. From the Mojarra Frita to the Chicken Avocado salad to the Ceviche to the Taco Salad to the Chicken Tortilla soup, it's all been good. I tend to gravitate more towards the Baja and seafood meals, as I have found this places a bit harder to find and Mi Pueblo truly excels in these areas. Additionally, they have a decent selection of beer and a fantastic salsa bar, offering several house-made salsas and sauces, pickled jalapenos and carrots, lime and cilantro. Everything you need, in other words, to doctor up your food to your own liking. This comes in especially handy for me, as I love spicy food and most places can't deliver that straight out of the kitchen. The prices here are very low for what you get. I actually can't think of any place that offers the same quality and quantity of food for a similar price. It's well worth a try if you're into this kind of cuisine.
5	I was in Phoenix for three weeks on a business trip and luckily found this spot on my 3rd day in town.  I ended up eating here 7 times in 21 days.  I brought my coworkers here, and they all ended up eating here at least 2-3 times.  It's just that good.So how good is it?  Lets just say that their tortilla soup was the only thing that could cure my horrible hangover after a long night in Scottsdale!I've eaten the fish tacos, fajitas, enchiladas, nachos, and tortilla soup.  All were exceptional!  They also bring out chips with salsa, as well as beans, which was a nice touch.The dining area is fairly small, but they do have an outside dining area as well.  The wait staff is very friendly, and they will get you drinks as soon as you sit down, which is something that more restaurants should do!  The food comes out very quickly, and they do have 2 TVs, one on either side of the dining room, which are usually tuned to a sporting event.I've been out of Phoenix for 3 months now and I miss Mi Pueblo!  I'll definitely be going back the next time that I'm in Phoenix!
4	Been going for about 2.5 years... food is served hot, large portions and awesome margaritas with a wide variety of tequilas to choose from. Large lit patio thats great for just you two or a large party. Chips and salsa and beans served immediately. I think it used to be a Baja Fresh before because of the checkered tile floor... but they've really done a good job of making it "Mexican style". My usual favorites are green chile pork burrito enchilada style, the fried fish (whole fish fried.. A definite must!) And the cheese crisp with jalapenos. The atmosphere is casual.. a great little mexican place to hit up for some drinks and good food. You wont be disappointed.
4	Pleasantly surprised, the locale threw me off but decided to give it a whirl and glad I did.  Once inside it actually remided me of being in Mexico.  We ordered 3 different shrimp entrees and they were all great and under $10.  The portions are HUGE and everything tasted really fresh except for the black beans which appeared straight out of a can.  Overall it was delicous and cheap and we will be back for sure.
3	Pretty good breakfast, I was in a pinch and came here for a quick order to go and got the chorizo plate.  The chorizo was very good and the beans were too, but the cheese was smelly (think it was goat cheese), and the potatoes were deep fried looking and did not taste good at all.  I did like the chips and salsa and the atmosphere inside wasn't too bad for a casual mexican fast food joint.  I will probably come back since it is so close to my work.
4	-Looks like a fast-food tex-mex place, but it is a casual sit-down, full service restaurant. They even had margaritas for $2.-REALLY good food, BIG portions! $9.95 for a Carne Asada plate loaded with guac, rice, and beans. Not super cheap like a 'Bertos, but decent prices.-FAST & friendly service! The food was brought out by the time we started digging into the chips and salsa...like SUPER fast!-Chips & Salsa were delicious with the wonderful taste of fresh ingredients. They also have extra "burn your mouth" spicy upon request.-Clean restrooms. Convenient parking.-Located in a 1/2 dead strip mall, next to Peter Piper Pizza on the west side of the Metrocenter Mall.-I would eat here again for sure!
4	Few restaurants will receive 5 stars from me so this rating is good. Much of what other Yelpers has written is true. The place is bright and seemingly clean. The food could be spicier than the dish that I had yet I like food that makes me sweat & this didn't. Nonetheless, I will be back as it was very good. Food server was very pleasant and always had a nice smile. She was attentive yet didn't smother me. Very good!!  :-)
4	Great mix between Mexican fast food and dine-in restaurant. Very casual atmosphere. There are TVs, but they aren't too loud to bother your dining experience. I went with my family and we were greeted at the door. After we chose our own place to sit (outside or inside), we were given menus and had our drink and food orders taken. Chips and salsa were complimentary and the food arrived in record time! The food was good, but don't expect fine dining quality.Our waitress gave us great service! We will be back.
5	I was really happy to find this place a couple of years ago and I've eaten there once a week ever since. The food is awesome. Consistently high quality, flavorful, fantastic variety. They must have the fastest order-to-table time in town, and their prices aren't bad either. Weekday lunch? no problem. They make it quick and easy (and the margaritas aren't bad either!)
4	Food is as good as the stuff served in many sit down (full service) Mexican food places.  Lunch is a more casual counter service but at  dinner time they switch to a regular wait staff.  Great tasting house margaritas (especially when they cost $2.00).
4	MI Pueblo has been a standard lunch stop during the week.The prices are on point and the food is served hot and fast.The salsa bar is very good.The only complaint I could ever come up with would be that the food comes out so fast that you hardly have time to get your drink, chips and salsa. Still its made to order and is hot.Great lunch for the price.
5	My favorite Mexican restaurant is the Mi Pueblo on Union Hills. My 2nd favorite is this Mi Pueblo located by Metro Center. The only reason it is my 2nd favorite is because it is way out of my neighborhood. But it is delicious.No, it's not a coincidence that it has the same name and incredibly awesome food just like the north location. They are owned by 2 brothers. Interestingly enough, the food isn't exactly alike, but there are certain flavors and menu items that are similar. I do like how this location has sit down service AND booze. Contrary to what the yelp description says about alcohol, it does not only have beer and wine. There is a full bar. And the last time I went, their margaritas were on special for only $2! And they were good and very STRONG... My husband was thrilled that he got me drunk for only $4.They have an expanded seafood menu with all the traditional Mexican seafood cocktails... Chips and salsa VERY good.I had the spinach enchiladas which were heavenly. Not too greasy with 2 delicious enchilada sauces. Beans and rice were great too. My husband loved his fish tacos.Service was perfect. Attentive and friendly. Highly recommended! Give those big chains a break and try this family run little joint.
5	Soooo... I really -don't- want to review this place, because I would hate for you all to find it and crowd it up, but since I'm a good Yelper, I'll share this gem with you!This is our favorite Mexican food place to go to, hands down. The boy and I have probably, combined, been here six times already within the past six months. A couple of things that make it so popular for us that we go, on average, once a month? Their mailer coupons, which offer a "buy one get one free" lunch AND dinner special, and their (now) $2.99 margaritas. Last time we came, their margaritas (all the time, not just happy hour) were $1.99, but apparently too many of you already are catching on, so they've raised the price a bit.But for two people who are broke as jokes (literally... boo!), we get stuffed AND drunk, or what I like to call "fat and sassy."We've never ordered anything from here that wasn't good... that is a comment from the boy, because while he ALWAYS tries something different, I always get the same thing. Why mess with perfection??My favorite meal: the veggie burrito, which comes stuffed with spinach and other random veggie goodness, and guacamole IN the burrito-- awww yeah buddy! Side of Mexican rice and black beans (or you can be healthy and get a side of salad.) Get in my mouth!The boy's favorite meal now is probably the chicken fajitas he had last night, but he's also had their enchiladas, a few of their fish dishes, and some of their "combined plates", which are HUGE plates of food.Prices for full meals range from $7-$13, and the $13 plates that I've seen are huge! Most, if not all, dishes come with sides, like rice and beans or salad, and guacamole, so you're really getting your money's worth.Like someone else noted, you can get drunk here for cheap, albeit not as cheap as before. The drinks are $2.99, big and incredibly strong. Mi Pueblo knows what's up!We walked out of there last night (using our BOGO coupon) for $25, including tip and 4 margaritas. Not too shabby!Also, word to the wise: it's seat yourself mostly, so save yourself the awkward moment of coming in and standing there, looking like a shlub. Grab a seat, they know you're there ;)
5	Awesome tacos here. It's difficult to find restaurants that make their own taco shells. This place does and they are good- crunchy, but not too oily. Iced cold beer. Good prices as well. My new favorite taco place.
4	You could get shived in the parking lot but I'll take my chances. The bean burro enchilada style is amazing and the green burro's on point. This is a top 5 Mexican food spot for me without a doubt!
4	Very good food. Had groupon which was great.
4	Great food for the price. Have been twice now both at lunch time. One during the week and then again during the weekend. Very busy both times. During the week, the service is great, fast and friendly. The food was cooked to perfection. Went on a Sunday, and although the food was just as good, the service was a bit slower. However, the food was just as good. 1st visit - Had the grilled fajitas. Homemade and very good. Comes with beans and rice. The rice was fluffy and didn't taste like Phoenix water.....which most Mexican restaurants serve. The beans tasted as if they were made just minutes prior to serving. All you can eat chips and salsa made the whole experience worth it.2nd visit - Had the grilled chicken salad burrito. Extremely fresh and so very yummy! It also came with beans and rice and both were cooked just as well as the 1st time. It did take forever to get our check and the to-go drink we ordered, but all in all it was worth it.Will go again.
4	We had dinner at this place our first night in Phoenix after watching the Dodgers beat the Rangers (Go Blue!) at Spring Training.  It was convenient to our hotel, and we chose to go there after reading reviews on Yelp.  We were not disappointed.  The food was good Mexican (a little more traditional than "fresh Mex") and quite reasonably priced.  I had the Mi Pueblo Enchiladas plate: one chicken, one beef, and one cheese enchilada.  The beef and chicken enchiladas were excellent, the cheese enchilada didn't appeal to me as much.  My partner had an enchilada, carne asada dish which was also very tasty.  We had good Margaritas.  There is table service although the space is set up for counter service -- I'm guessing they don't have table service at lunch?  I'd definitely go back.
3	Good home cooked food. Family ran, great seafood dishes and ok salsa bar (lunch only). Love the big shrimp tacos. Lunch time is good with a self serve salsa bar.
3	The margaritas were good ( on special for $2.99 ) My family and I showed up around 4:30pm on a Thursday. Shrimp tacos were good as was the shrimp Chimichanga. My daughter enjoyed a mango smoothie and 2 bean & cheese tostadas. There were maybe 6 other people in the restaurant at the time. Their were three waitress's in the restaurant averaging in age from 18 to 20 or so it appeared. I  Had to asked three times for water and had to go tell waitress we wanted our check. The waitress was pleasant but had to ask her what she said several times because she spoke so softly. The decor was very lack luster and the large photo's of food behind the cash register in addition to the sign that said order above register would lead one to think maybe you order at window ( had I not read the reviews of others to learn otherwise ),  Based on my experience would I go there again? probably not. Although had I been there during their peak time I might have thought otherwise.
4	I have been coming here with family for 5 yrs now and the food is always consistent. I consider myself an outstanding cook with pretty good judgement. This place has by far the best steak and chicken fajitas I have ever tasted outside of my kitchen. I do not care for their margaritas they are too sweet for me.
4	I love this place and we go here often on our lunch break because service is fast, fresh, and friendly. A couple of must have items for me:Chorizo, eggs, potato, and cheese breakfast burritoChicken taco salad with the hard shell. The cilantro lime dressing is amazing!The Ceviche here is one of the best I have had.
4	Excellent! This is now our go-to Mexican food restaurant. Every meal includes awesome chips and salsa. Edit: Dinner comes with chips, salsa and beans (which are excellent). Portions are plentiful, prices are right, the place is clean, the service is great, and the food is great as well! Not generic Mexican food, there's always an added special touch that makes the dish more than your typical fare.
3	This place is really good for breakfast, decent (but not great) for lunch/dinner. I really love their machaca & eggs, chiliquiles, and omlette, but I think all their breakfast offerings are pretty tasty. Service is usually quick and friendly, although sometimes you order at the counter and sometimes you get a waitress. Lunch offerings are what you would expect for any generic strip mall Mexican restaurant in the Valley. Although I've never exactly been blown away with meals here, I guess you've gotta give credit to a place thats managed to survive so long amidst the hulking carcass that is MetroCenter. So maybe it's worth a visit if you're in the area.
5	This place is in the wrong place for most people. Located in a dilapidated plaza near the Metro Mall, this restaurant should not be amazing. But it just is. And it is in the perfect spot for us. We have eaten here several times and have never been disappointed in any meal. The inside of the restaurant is not pretty. It resembles a fast food joint. The food is anything but "fast food" quality! Tonight we ordered carry out . The meals are served with chips, salsa, and refried bean dip, which is outstanding. We ordered the shrimp wrapped with bacon, which is served with refried beans, rice, and a small salad. YUM! It is definitely in the top 5 best Mexican dishes I have ever had. My hubby had the green pork burrito. It is huge! Also served with beans and rice. We love this place and hope people go there so it stays in business unlike most of the restaurants and stores located in and around Metro Center.
4	This place is really hidden behind the ghost town that is Metro Center but that shouldn't stop you from trying this place.  The food actually really surprised me.  I haven't been able to find much authentic Mexican food here in Phoenix and this place is a little closer to home!  The tacos had a really good crunch and flavor.  The rice tasted like it was fresh and not hard and crunchy like some other places.  The prices were reasonable and I would definitely come back again!
5	Excellent service and every dish is flavorful.  Been going for 8 years, never disappointed.   Chicken avacado salad and fajitas are fresh and flavorful. Waitresses always friendly and quick .
5	I love the food and enjoy dining here.  The staff is always friendly and professional.  I always tip greater than 20% because the food is always well prepared, the staff is professional and attentive, and I support local business.  The only negative  is that they do not provide a "salad plate" to diners to eat their chips and salsa off of.
5	I love this place. I used to live right by Mi Pueblo. Now I don't get to eat here often because I live so far away. The food is great. The service is great. I have never had a bad experience in the 7 or 8 years I have been going here. I have brought a bunch of friends to this place if we happen to be looking for something to eat in the area, and they have always enjoyed their meals as well.
4	In a town saturated with this type of restaurant, this one stands out for its quality, service, diversity of menu and above all, EXCELLENT salsa. Usually busy, the locals know where to go for reliable, cost friendly delicious food. Try the seafood tostada!
4	I had a shrimp burrito and it was very tasty. I loved the garlic cheese stuff they put on top and my friend loved his red chilli burrito. Staff was very friendly
4	You are what you eat -- Mexican, Italian, Middle Eastern, New American, or what have you. As the product of Lebanese parentage, hummus runs through my veins, but as a citizen of the southwestern United States, Mexican cuisine is just as much a part of my identity.Believe me when I say, then, that Mi Pueblo delivers the goods. There's no pretension in the food here, no misguided attempt to take time-tested dishes and give them a New American flair. The carne asada burrito (which itself is little more than marinated beef wrapped in a tortilla) comes with a side of rice. The fajitas come with your choice of corn or flour tortillas, meat, onions and peppers. What more do you need?My family ate at Mi Pueblo for lunch. The restaurant was criminally vacant. The decor was, well, who cares? Dress it up with sombreros and guitars, pipe mariachi music through the speakers -- it doesn't really matter. The food is the thing. If that sucks, no amount of ambience is going to persuade me to enjoy myself. And the food is good. The burritos will only be conquered by those with the most voracious of appetites. The chicken tacos are compact, crispy and served with a jalapeno sauce that has to be blended with crack. I won't hear otherwise. The fajitas get the job done -- they aren't really my thing. Our server was pleasant, helpful and gave me my Negra Modelo with two lime wedges and a freezing cold, salt-rimmed glass.Look, I'm a man of simple pleasures. I like dark Mexican beer, tasty burritos and good service. Mi Pueblo has all of these things. When it comes to Mexican food in the Valley, we have an embarassment of riches. The hit to miss ratio tends to swing in favor of the misses. You could easily do a lot worse than Mi Pueblo, so do yourself a favor and stop in.
5	Great little Mexican place.  This was my regular place for lunch when I worked in the area.  The grilled chicken salad is amazing.   Everything that I have had was great.  I would love to go there for dinner and a beer.
3	I'm up on Peoria Avenue this week for training, so I'm trying to go to a new place every day for lunch.  Mi pueblo was meh.  I ordered my food at 12:05 and it was in front of me at 12:10 which was impressive.  What was NOT impressive was the lack of carne asada in the burrito itself.  It had beans, and peppers, and onions, but VERY little steak.  The chips and salsa were ok, but with a drink I spent $11 and just didn't feel I got my $ worth.  My buddy got the fish tacos, and that seemed to be a better value - but I'm not in a hurry to go back.  Lociento mi pueblo.
4	Service as always was exceptional. The ladies are quick to greet you, seat you and take drink orders. Food comes out piping hot and fresh as can be. Tried the fish fillet in garlic sauce this time and it was delicious.
4	This is a wonderful place to go for Mexican food. The salsa bar is great (but its not always open) and chips are great too. Fast friendly service, good prices, and food is delicious! It may be a bit Americanized, but overall very good. I would prefer the place over the famous TeePee.
5	I loved this place. I got a burrito with shredded beef, and it was delicious. The beef was juicy and flavorful, and the salsa was spicy and mouth-watering. The rice was pretty good, it was not dry at all (one of my pet peeves). The chips were just okay, but the salsa was good enough to make up for it.I loved how cheap the margaritas were, too- and they were really good margaritas! My husband and I loved this place, if we lived closer, it could be a dangerous thing!
5	Solid Mexican food. Been twice and everyone has really liked their meals.  I recommend!
5	this place is the shit. if you want good Mexican without paying too much, come here. my girlfriend and I love it here, been coming for awhile. great hang over food. don't go to federicos and get e. coli, come here.
5	Best (casual) Mexican Restaurant in the Valley. Here are the highlights:1. Salsa bar during the week 2. On the weekends, the free chips and salsa are accompanied by an AMAZING warm bean dip (praying it's vegetarian... or that I remain ignorant).3. The spinach enchiladas are so good, it's crazy. Fresh spinach, cheese and a delicious verde sause.4. The staff is always friendly and efficient.5. the horchadaThe only complaint I have is that the restaurant is often filled with families and kids who are messy... but what can you do? It's cheap, friendly and incredibly tasty, so families would be foolish to pass it up. Salud!
5	We ate there because of the good reviews on yelp and were not disappointed!  The chip and salsa were fresh and crisp.  My cheese enchilada & tamale with rice and beans were perfect.   Staff was friendly, enjoyable to be there.  We try a different Mexican food restaurant every Thursday night for the past nine months and we love this place!
2	Food is great but they are very inconsistent with portioning. I order cheviche  5 days a week which cost 12.45/day. The least they can do is keep the portion and the order right. They always forget the lemon or they'll try to charge me 2$ for extra salsa that they just throw out at the end if the day cause it goes bad.  I have work at restaurants before, number 1 thing is always be consistent and take care of your customers..
5	I come here for lunch quite often. Good food, decent pricing, and nice staff. During the weekday you order at the counter and they give you a number and bring the food to you. On weekends they have full table service so expect to pay a little more. Most of the entrees are your typical tex-mex, but still excellent tasting. They do have a selection of the more wild entrees, and even fresh oysters. There are several kinds of salsa available; I think the chipotle salsa is my favorite. After several visits I have never had a bad experience.
2	Good chips but that's about all, I decided to give them a try because of the yelp reviews and was disappointed, guess I'll keep looking for descent Mexican food.
5	Have been to this place on many occasions. The service here is always very good, and the food is really good as well. I would definitely recommend.
5	I work in the area and we order Mi Pueblo at least once a week. I always get the shrimp tacos. They are so good! The tartar sause it comes with is so awesome. Great portions also. I've had the ceviche which surprisingly tasted like my mom makes and I've never trusted a place with making ceviche but this one is great! Another favorite around here is the Mi Pueblo Chicken salad. It's simple but the avocado dressing is mouth watering good. Their fresh chunky salsa is my favorite. Always fresh with just a little kick to it. The spicy green salsa is also very good but caution because it can be SPICY! The chips that come with for dipping are also delicious. Rice are great, black beans great, refried beans great, carne asada great also. Have not tried the enchilada style though. There's not one down side that I can think of and recommend this place to anyone. Wish I could try everything on the menu but it's hard to steer away from the Shrimp Tacos because they are the best I've had anywhere
4	Will be back again to try more than just the tacos. Food was good. Worth stopping by if your in the area.
4	Service is always great and I just tried their vegetarian ommelette, the tomatillo sauce is wonderfu! So tasty!
5	When me and my family fly into Phoenix we always stop at Mi Pueblo. I usually get the chicken quesadilla and a salad with this amazing guacamole dressing. I've tried a number of things on the menu and loved each one. I guarantee that you'll love anything thats on the menu. Plus there's all you can eat chips and salsa!
3	Our server was clueless,  didn't know the menu or drinks it was awkward.  The food was delicious though I had ordered the carnitas plate which was really great except for the fact that the carnitas were extremely greasy.  I will try this place again
5	Picked due to good Yelp reviews & 2 $$. We missed Chevys that closed down:( Looking for more simple Mexican food..FRESH being so important. We were greeted quickly, plenty of open seats on a Saturday night. Wow amazing fresh salsa A+ chips plus bean dip. We ordered a Chimi & chicken corn tacos w/ a side of black beans. Yeah..new favorite Mexican place! Plenty of food for your $ that is made w/ love. Fresh & tasty makes me happy!
4	Omg, if I could live on rice and beans it would be here, on top the shredded beef tacos-Awesome!! Fish tacos nice and light.  Chips and salsa bar is great. I need to other plates so I can expand my palate. The portions are generous so make sure your hungry!
5	Always good food & service here with a balance diet shrimp tacos with the green guacamole salad dressing. Including chips salsa and bean dip.
5	Been coming here for years.  The salsa is very good.  It is a great lunch place.
1	food is awful, and the tea they have in the silver canister is never fresh, they keep it stale, and, the LIPTON IS AWFUL.  The food is not cooked all the way, and, none wears gloves.  The place is dirty.
4	We just found our New Mexican joint!!!
3	First time visit today. I had the Mi Pueblo enchiladas and he had the pair of chimis.  Service was good. We were only the 2nd table in there meanwhile both the first and second table we chose was sticky.  There were plenty of girls standing around with nothing to do. Salsa and chips were good. The waitress brought out a spicier salsa which was good. Enchis and chimis were good too. My main problem was the price. I feel that $40 is too much for 2 Mexican lunches in the Metro area. We didn't order alcohol either. Glad we stopped and checked it out though. I won't be back...only because it isn't the best deal when I am in the Metro area.
5	The food here is as authentic to Mexico as can be! The ambiance is busy,food is beyond spectacular, waiting for the food wasn't even that long at all. Great place to meet up for lunch..
4	Nice atmosphere.  Casual dining fresh food. Friendly wait staff. Authentic food. Exec bean dip chips and fresh salsa.
3	I thought it would be a dive, but it was really good!The place is clean. The decor is tasteful. (I think of Restaurant Impossible when I try a new place out.) I had grilled shrimp tacos and the shrimp was DIVINE. I'm not even kidding. It was spiced just right, and the tortillas held up to the weight. I love the salsa bar.Staff was super friendly, too. I am craving those tacos again, and I was just there 4 days ago. I will definitely be back to this place.
5	I dont usually 5 star a place, but they deserve it. Came here for the first time tonight because I had a coupon. No issues using the coupon either which is nice. I ordered the garlic cream enchiladas and they were very creamy and flavorful. The filling was dark meat chicken with some pinto beans which I thought was a nice surprise. Their refried beans were so delicious, they were fresh and slightly soupy which I love. Rice was a little spicy, and cooked well. I also ordered the guacamole appetizer which I requested with no tomato and they accommodated. They put queso fresco on their quac which was a nice addition. We eneded our meal with sopapillas which were rich and sweet, everything you'd want them to be. Customer service was quick and polite. All in all it was a winning experience and I will definitely be back. They are tops for Mexican food in Phoenix.
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix.  (pair with an evening at Castles and Coasters with kids (or as a date and it is a great night out))I love their food and will go out of my way to come here for dinner.The shrimp with aijllo chiles was a refreshing dish --- so was the octopus with "chunky salsa"  (it is not what you might think --- very pleasant.My kids and I always share a virgin pina colada --- nice and colorful --- a real treatNachos are warm and fresh --- which is quite welcomeService is also always friendly --- a great place to be
