5	Moe and the guys are great at this location! Have been going there for about 4 years since they opened this location
4	Zoom in... Zoom out...  If you need the pressure checked in your tires this is the best and fastest way to do it.  They have a lane dedicated to just checking your air and filling you up:)  Only problem, I forgot to have them check my spare.  Wish they would automatically do it since it is just hanging on the back door!!!
5	These guys are real tire pros.  They repaired and replaced all the broken rims and poorly balanced tires on my 335i BMW in less than an hour.....and I paid .025% of what I was paying my BMW Dealer Service Techs to screw up , never fix properly, and complain about how it was all 'my fault'.  NOT HERE.....these guys took control of my car, fixed it, and had me racing down the highway on my beloved Yokohama;s in no time.  Rock solid service.  The best I've ever experienced.
5	These guys really do take care of you. Excellent customer service, price was reasonably and they were very quick on getting the work done.
2	I first called this place when I realized that my car's tires could now be used as slicks at the races. I spoke with Andrew who has a very condescending, not-friendly tone that sounds like he doesn't trust women with their own cars. I gave him my tire size (I've been single for awhile, I'm very familiar with how tires work) and the brand that was on the car. He looked them up and gave me a price. I told him I'd come by and pay because he'd have to get them from a warehouse. In the meantime I called another tire store and they were selling the tires for about $5 less. It's not a big deal, but $10 is $10. Discount says they match prices, but when I told him I found them cheaper elsewhere, but they couldn't get them as fast as Discount Andrew seemed to forget their price matching promise. Never got the difference between the two.Anyway, as soon as I got there I introduced myself as the person that Andrew spoke with. He brushed past me and proceed to 'verify' that I had given him the right tire size. That felt wrong and I told him that I gave him the right size, but again he was just 'verifying' (that I wasn't some dumb chick that had no idea about tires apparently) that I had given him the right numbers. I had, by the way.The process was ultra fast and when I got annoyed with Condescending Andrew then things went a little smoother. I would have given this store higher marks, but being treated like a dumb girl just didn't do it for me and I also like for store policies to be adhered to and not ignored when pointed out. I lost $10 on that one.
2	Discount Tires does some things very well, sell tires, get cars in and out very quickly and professionally. If there is a problem with the tires that isn't typical, their customer service skills and professionalism weren't apparent to me... I purchased a set of wheels and tires for my truck in July of 2011, have had a constant vibration at highway speeds since these were installed (until this past Wednesday, new tires from Firestone, they match prices too, go figure). Returning week after week (I work during the week, would go here on Saturdays) didn't solve it, they'd re-balance, tell me they were going to torque the rims with the vehicle up in the air, tell me they would do a road force balancing, etc. then blame the truck!I have lifetime alignments on the truck, every 5k there is an oil change, alignment adjustment and rotate and balancing. Front end has been checked by Nissan, Firestone and yours truly.  I don't think things have changed that much in the industry from 15 years ago where I would call the manufacturer of the tire and work out a pro-ration and exchange for a different type of tire (customer pays for tread used) when a tire just doesn't work on a vehicle or someone isn't satisfied with the tires. I was at the point where I was ready to purchase 2 new to replace the worn and talk to Yokohama about pro-rating the other 2. Almost 3 years of "trying", we're done. Straw the broke the camel's back though was their selective measurement of the tire tread. 4 months ago, I was measured at 5/32nds (new is 10-12 and legally bald is 2-3). 2 months later I bring her to Discount to see how much I'll get for the mileage warranty and was told the tires are at 6/32nds.... no way they can do a mileage warranty. They wouldn't measure the center that was showing wear bars. I leave... 2 weeks later, have the truck at Firestone for her alignment and oil change, they measure the rear tires at 4/32nds and find a nail in a sidewall of one of them. OK, 4/32nds at FS, 6/32nds at DT, let's go use my replacement certificate. Of course, when measuring for a road hazard replacement, they only measure the center which is at 2/32nds.  NOW he wants to talk mileage warranty?!??!?!  Now I know why that lady threw her tire of the store in their commercials =). Ever not satisfied, just bring it back...? I tried, then I spent my hard earned money elsewhere.
5	Awesome service! I needed to get a tire repaired on tires that came with my new car. I figured it would be a nominal charge. IT WAS FREE! The guy said its a service they provide. I highly recommend his place. Make an appointment online and that will streamline your time there. Good job guys.
5	I brought my car in to have the tire repaired after noticing a screw sticking out of a tire. It turns out that the screw didn't actually puncture the tire. They inspected the tire for free. What can I say other then honest service hard to come by these days.
