5	I have been taking my dog cruella here for about two years now, I have always had good service and she always looks the way I want. I have even made appointments at the last minute and Hy has done a great job and made time for me.If you don't like paying the high fees at other places then give Hy a try.
5	Hy is a true master at what he does...he LOVES animals and it shows!  I was hesitant to bring my husky mix to him for the first time because I wasn't sure what to expect  but love how she looks, smells and the fact that she doesn't leave hair all over our house.  We love him.  Lindsay loves him.
5	I just have 5 words for this review. Take your beloved friend here. Well, actually if he/she is a dog. My constant companion is a Goldendoodle. Hy is improving on the golden doodle look- but more importantly O'Riley likes going here and he smells good afterwards and is once again my fluffy puppy! Oops. A bit more than 5 words....
2	I was looking for a cheaper alternative to take my small dog to get a grooming and nail clipping, and found this site online. I guess I didn't realize it was someone's house based on the website and got a little lost, until I realized the residential neighborhood was the right place. It was my first month living in Gilbert, so I didn't understand the area. About the place, we get there and I waited forever for him to answer the door after ringing the bell. I walked into the foyer area and noticed massive clumps of dog shavings and fur all over the place. Plus weirdly strewn about baby gates in random rooms. I could hear faint barking and my dog was a little nervous.For what Fluffy Puppy provided, the price was very cheap. That being said, I realized he even cut a few nicks and gashes into my dog's belly when I took my puppy home. I was really nervous to drop my dog off at someone's house, and it took a long time, but he sent me a picture text of the dog's new haircut when he was ready to be picked up. I even noticed he took a few other pictures kissing my dog.When I picked him up, he gave me some tips for at home grooming and how to make him comfortable at the groomers, since it was only my dog's second or third time ever at a groomer.In short, I guess you get what you pay for. The service was cheap, but something about the entire situation made me uncomfortable. He's a nice guy and he really loves dogs, but I think I'll just stick to professional grooming for $10 more.
5	I was happy with the service. When I arrived to pick Mia up, he asked me if I would like the hair shorter, because "you can always make it shorter"but you can't make it longer.He also had a breed style chart open right next to him, to make sure she would have the proper breed's cut.Price was good and he was very friendly.
