5	I love these people so, so much. For over a year now I have taken my dry cleaning, stray buttons, and anything in my closet that needed a little touch-up to them and it has always come out wonderfully. But the best part about this place is that they do student discounts. As a self-proclaimed fashionista who owns literally over 500 items of clothing, I have given this place a lot of business and having the student discount keeps me coming back. The owners are very sweet and get things done very efficiently and correctly. It is very much like a mom and pop shop, which is a rarity especially in this city. From little things like adding a snap closure on a shirt to complete makeover alterations, this business does it all at a very fair price. I am sure as long as I live in Vegas I will keep coming back to them. My closet and my wallet thanks them greatly.
5	I seem to have shorter arms than the average guy. Whenever I get a new coat, the sleeves always end up being too long. It makes me look like a 5 year old trying on daddy clothes. Because of this, alterations are something that aren't unusual for me to get.Over at Come & See Alterations, I've had a few hems done along with sleeve jobs on blazers. Prices were reasonable and can vary upon garment type.There's also an extra 10% off for being a student. They've always done a good job and got things done promptly. This one time I took in my blazer, the woman could tell that I needed it done quickly. Instead of having the 2-3 waiting window, she said she'll have it done for me the next day. It's special service like this that'll keep me coming back.
1	The work they do is great, their prices are affordable. But this place is never open when they say they are.
5	Good work and kind staff.  Great for UNLV students who live on campus and need a close place to take their suit at an affordable price.
1	Wish I could give zero stars.  Took my Air Force dress blues pants here to get them hemmed.  Got them back 3 or 4 days later and they had cut the damned things way too short.  The ends of the pants were practically up to my ankles; looked absolutely ridiculous.  The same thing happened to several of my friends who took their uniform there, exactly the same problem.
