1	WOW!!! Review pending. Go anywhere other then this 'Hospital'My husband and I decided that he needed to go to the ER to get assessed because he woke up in the morning with these large bumps on both of his legs just beneath his knees. His legs swollen, tender, and very red and hot to the touch. He began to develop raised bumps on his chest, back, and arms. It seemed to progress pretty quickly. My husband never complains about anything and absolutely avoids Dr's and would never dream of an ER visit unless he thought something was seriously wrong. I am a Registered Nurse and specialize in med/surg and after monitoring him throughout the day we decided to go down and be seen. I'm not positive but I thought it may be Erythema Nodosum, but I cannot diagnose of course, that would be up to the Dr. He checked in and was triaged very quick and then brought back to one of the beds. A male nurse came inland asked what was going on and we explained his signs and symptoms and gave a detailed report over the last 24 hours. The nurse was not paying attention at all while we talking. He did not do anything other then a quick glance and then exited the room. Next the Dr came in and paid even less attention then  the nurse. Now the Dr just stood for a minute and she did not assess my husband or even slightly exam the affected areas. Now my husband had flu like symptoms over the last few weeks and had generalized fatigue. The Dr did not ask for any history, did not do an exam, and turned and left the room without saying one thing to us or even give us an opinion as to what it could be.I never mention that I'm a nurse when I go to the Dr or clinc or wherever  as that could work against us.Wells a few minutes later the nurse came back in with discharge papers and an Rx for two antibiotics ( Keflex and Bactrim) as well as a oral prednisone.  No information, no exam, no review of history of other acute symptoms and he was handed his paperwork and said we could go. My husband was so mad because he was given no information and no medical advise at all. We asked the RN if we really were being released and the nurse said "what would you like us to do" Nice bedside manner you uncaring idiot. We left, husband very upset and " we need your $125.00 co-pay"Even if it was something minor we should have at least been educated and given a rational for the antibiotics Now anyone in the medical field with direct patient care knows how important education is. Had we been just two people  with no medical back ground, we should have at least been informed on the importance of taking the antibiotics as prescribed, even when you are feeling better. Wow! Medication such as antibiotics have to be completed properly and many patients do not know this. So much for quality care and we will never use this "hospital" again. Absolutely horrible service and care. Hopes this helps even one person if they have a choice where to receive care.
5	Went to this hospital because my son had a high fever. The service was excellent, was seen very quickly. Dr was very nice, nurse was awesome. Usually at other hospitals I would have to wait for 4 hours to be seen. This hospital I was in and out in just under an hour. Had to make sure my son's fever broke. I would recommend going to this hospital if you are ill.
1	Complete Failure!!I have been to this place 2 times, both completely a huge waste of money and time.- = Visit 1 = -Wife was 5 weeks pregnant and was having some severe hives and sweats, I was very worried so I wanted to play it safe so I said lets go to the emergency room. There were maybe 2 people in the lobby with us but it still took hours to get in. They did some checking and suggested doing an ultrasound, since the baby was barely along they had to do the invasive one (camera on a rod basically). The doctor came in quite a while later basically saying we lost the baby because the edges of the egg were "fuzzy", saying there was nothing we could do.Basically we were devastated, she went to her OB and they did blood work and said everything was fine, I am happy to say that our daughter is turning 1 today and is perfectly healthy.- = Visit 2 = -Just a couple days ago we went back because our 1 year old is walking but not an expert yet and fell with a sippy cup in her mouth, basically knocked out her 2 front teeth. We rushed to the emergency room, why I have no idea, still waited 4 hours. But we wanted x-rays done to make sure that everything was still ok and there were no teeth broken off in there.They did the x-rays, which was a MASSIVE ordeal, the tech was very slow and taking his time and it took 30 min to get 3 pics because by the time he moseyed himself over to the button she was not in the EXACT position he wanted so we had to do it several times.But in the end the DR said that the teeth are completely gone and the gums and stuff are all good (sorry for the stuff, I cant remember the medical names), basically saying everything is good.We go home and after a couple days the blood clears and she is perfectly happy 1 year old playing with her big sister, but when she laughs we can see her gums and the gap, and guess what, we take her to a child dentist and yep, BOTH TEETH are still there! THE WHOLE TEETH, Idk who is looking at the x-rays, but they may need some glasses.Sum UpSo in short this place has done nothing but charge my insurance company and myself a ton of money to completely lie to us.The ONLY positive was the nurses, they were very nice.So in my opinion only if your not going to make it to the next hospital, that should be the only time you stop here, even then I may take my chances.
1	In 2011, I arrived at the West Valley Hospital with a gunshot wound to my left leg. At the time I arrived at that hospital's Emergency Room, there were absolutely no other patients. I sat in one of their chairs with a large towel on my leg, wincing, for no less than thirty minutes after having signed in. While waiting, I noted that there were two nurses sitting at the front desk watching tv. Not to add an air of humor to this incident, but as we (myself and three acquaintances) waited in the ER "lounge" they attempted to commence having a conversation with me. As my ears were ringing quite badly (keeping in mind that this was a gunshot wound, and guns are by nature very loud), I replied by stating "WHAT? I CAN'T HEAR YOU! MY EARS ARE RINGING BECAUSE OF THE GUNSHOT!" This elicited calls from one of the nurses to "try to keep [my] voice down." Fifteen minutes after I arrived, signed in and indicated the nature of my injury, one of the nurses stood up and stated "well, time for me to look like I'm doing something", and walked away. Ten minutes after that, another nurse arrived at the front desk and was confronted by an acquaintance of mine who had accompanied me. when advised of the nature of my injury, the nurse asked two questions: the first being "a WHAT?", this quickly was followed not by "is his blood pressure dropping?" or "does he have any secondary injuries?" or anything of the sort, but by the question of "DOES HE HAVE HEALTH INSURANCE" which was answered in the negative due to unemployment. This received the response of "WELL, THEN, HE'LL HAVE TO WAIT. WE HAVE OTHER PATIENTS WHO ARE INSURED." Fifteen minutes after that little jewel, I was finally ushered into one of the examination rooms. The secondary examination involved a nurse prodding the wound with her little finger, verbalizing the word "eww", and summoning the doctor who, in turn, told me that he was not about to try to stitch the gunshot hole closed as it "would take too much of his time." Instead, I was given a trial sized packet of aspirin, a trial sized tube of Neosporin, two bandaids, and four pieces of three inch long by two inch wide gauze. Further treatment involved encouraging me to obtain a catheter tube, rinsing some warm water through it, and using it to flush remaining gun powder out of the wound to prevent infection. I later attempted to file for AHCCCS to cover the cost of the treatment, but was told by the hospital that they would "encourage AHCCCS to decline the application." As this wound was due to the firing of a gun, the police were required by law to investigate the issue, which meant that they had to travel to the site where the gunshot occurred (they did) and interview myself and the three acquaintances which came with me to the hospital (they did this as well.) As a matter of fact, the interviewing of the witnesses and investigation at the scene was more time consuming than the "treatment" I received at the hospital. While the doctors and nurses were less than eager to treat me, the hospital's billing department could not wait to bill me for the expense of (again) two bandaids, 2 pieces of gauze, Neosporin and some aspirin) to the tune of $396.00. I have tried, on multiple (no less than five) occasions to speak with the patient advocate regarding this matter, but have been repeatedly ignored if not laughed at by hospital staff. The attitude of the staff at the West Valley Hospital is by far the most horrendous I have ever seen. Had this been a life-threatening injury wherein I had bled to death in the ER waiting room, there is no doubt in my mind that the personnel would throw a bill of charges at, and demand payment from, my corpse. At any rate, I have requested an audience with the patient advocate and anyone else at that hospital who would listen. Each time I have been (somewhat joyously, I might add) ping-ponged between agencies to the tune of "we don't know the answer to that question, call this person at extension XXXX"- This has been going on for three years. I have grown tired of the uncaring, disingenuous, and unprofessional manner in which the West Valley Hospital operates. I've seen better hospitals in so-called "third-world" countries.
4	Even though this isn't a trauma center they were still able to do cat scans and X-rays   The dr and nurses were kind and did a great job. I would recommend this hospital.
