5	I have had two children go through this school and both liked it for different reasons.  My nephew [who lived with us] was into sports and loved the school for it's extra-cirricular activities.  My daughter was into the arts and loved the drama, music and art programs.  Both made honor society, and are now doing well in College, which is better than most of their current classmates... so they must have done something right at this school.
1	Meth.
1	Horrible school with a major drug problem.  From the principal to counselors to teachers - no one was helpful or with it.  I know of many other parents who moved thier children after the first year due to lack of care/concern on the part of the school.  One counselor even had a DUI the year we were there and she remained in her position counseling children.
1	This school provides no life skills and unless your child is an asset to the school, he is overlooked. There is a college track for students tacking all AP courses who are self driven and want to get onto highly selective colleges.  The rest are assumed will go to an in state school or pvcc. There are so many options and these kids don't have any. They don't know what colleges to look for and graduate with their path chosen. They are I'll prepared when they do graduate because the teachers hand out test prep notes handed out before tests  that are so detailed that none of the history, spanish, or biology books needed to be taken out from under the bed. I'd drag them out but my son would shake his head Nd just look at the test papers his teachers gave him and ace the test. He had absolutely no comprehension of the subject matter and that is how Horizon teaches. These kids don't know how to study and are going to get swallowed at college. I will say drama department and chorus are great but beyond that, unless pvcc is your goal, expect a rough road and money spent on tutors. Better yet , suck up the money and go to Notre Dame or Brophy. Those those kids succeed.
3	I've been to this school, but if you are "different" (I. E. Telekinetic, special needs, learning disabled, etc.) Stay away from this school. There are bullies. Kids are mean. One thing you say can become the talk of the school. An example is: Just because I told one friend about my abilities, the whole school knows I have telekinesis. I'm so embarrassed whenever it acts up because it got to the point until all the teachers, and even the PRINCIPALS know. The teachers can be scary. Some kids do drugs and break the rules. So if you are POPULAR and WORLD- FAMOUS, you are probably going to have your self-esteem crumble due to the mean kids and teachers. The one amazing thing about HHS is their choir program. You audition and almost no one gets in. I'm lucky to be in one of the upper choirs in my first year at Horizon. They also have a "Husky Camp" to teach the incoming freshmen to Horizon. So don't go if you are "different". I would recommend this school if you know people in the area, but nothing there. Overall, HHS is mediocre.
