3	The Hody is a pretty solid local bar in Middleton that often has great live music and decent drink specials.  Thursday nights feature Westside Andy & Mel Ford, and that is always a good time.  There are decent taps, though last time I was there I believe they had removed Esser's Best which was my go-to every time there.  Most of the specials tend toward the $1 shot variety, but I especially like that Capital pints are $2 on Wednesdays and you can get pitchers of Spotted on Fridays for a crazy $5.  I also learned that your second drink before noon on Sundays is free, and domestic taps are 50 cents.  More on that later.  The bartenders are for the most part good, but if you're there on the wrong day they seem to forget about you in favor of talking with the regulars.The food is pretty standard: not too fancy but good.  Sometimes the food doesn't come as advertised in the menu.  Once I ordered a Reuben that strangely was lacking Swiss cheese, though I didn't notice until halfway through as it was still a tasty sandwich.  I like the bison burger here, but the last time I ordered this it came sans tomatoes, likely due to the salmonella issue at the time.  Also that day my sister found the Hody Chicken's buffalo sauce to be beyond her tolerance for spiciness.  My sister's boyfriend was suitably impressed with the Hody burger, but he thought that they had left of the special Hody sauce.  It might have just been a bad day, because most of the other times I've been here there were no problems.  I do believe that the overall quality depends on the day you stop in.  Some of the bartenders kind of throw things together, while others take their time and do a decent job.  I haven't been there regularly enough to establish a schedule, so it's been hit or miss for me lately.  I've also tried a few of the appetizers and the onion straws and quesidilla wrappers are very good every time I've had them.  The main drawback with the Hody is the regular crowd.  On Thursdays when Westside Andy & Mel Ford are playing the crowd is great - a variety of people, young and old, some dancing to the music, some sitting at the bar or nearby tables.  Other nights the crowd can get a bit too townie for my liking.  It can be uncomfortable, especially when half the bar turns to look at you when you walk in.  Sundays can be the worst.  I think that some of those people nearly live there.  The place is pretty open and there is a lot of space, but it still can get quite smoky.  There is a few outdoor tables along Elmwood, and these are perfect for a weekend afternoon.  I would probably return to the Hody more if it weren't for the small inconsistencies in the food and the slight hostile feeling that I sometimes pick up from the regulars, but overall the Hody is a reliably good time.
2	They have decent drink specials. However the bar is sometimes filled with older trashier drunks. Its defintely an older crowd where Cougars are lurking. On the weekend they have free live music. Its usually too loud to converse with your group but the bands usually arn't terrible.  Ive never had their food but Ive heard its pretty decent. Overall it an ok place to go to get a few drinks. Sadly its one of the better bars in Middleton. Not as much of a dive as the Club Tavern or Bristled Boar and not as Towny as Pauls grill ....And if your into older trashy women this place is for you.
4	Just had to review to mention my addiction. The Hody Club. Its a club sandwich with a fried egg on it. Most will think it sounds gross. They do something to make this sandwich just magical. SO good - I want one every time I hear Hody. Yum. They also have awesome Quesadilla's too. We usually get ours with spicy, but I think you can customize. Otherwise a decent bar with average prices and service. Good TVs and a very local crowd. I think they have small bands on the weekends.
4	Absolutely the best club sandwich I have had in a looong time. I order it everytime I go and it has never been less than awesome. And it's priced really well. Anytime I've gone at night the crowd is a little rough looking and the music is too loud. But going in the early evening or for lunch usually works pretty well.
3	Went here for lunch because we had coupons for bogo sandwiches. The food was pretty good for a little WI bar! The biggest downfall was that their freezer had just broken so we could not get any fried apps. The waitress did let us use both of our coupons even though she said they were one per table (that was not printed on them) but still nice of her! SO CHEAP! Out bill was around $20 for 4 people!?
3	I'm from a small town in Kentucky. I likely won't attend my 30-year high school reunion, but I imagine it will look exactly like Hody's. Lotta flannel shirts and fiddle playing in here tonight. Cowboy hats, beards, and MILFs a'prowling. God bless America. The only drawback is that there seems to be a raspy, sideshow bob type of lady chain-smoking outside. I guess that comes with the territory. The skating rink cheese sticks more than make up for that spectacle.
2	Happened to be here for a recent Packer game, partly cuz they advertise half price apps during the game and partly cuz of their presence in 'Madison Cocktail' book.Service was sketchy at best.Waited 10-15 minutes for a beer and then was advised only 'select' apps were half price [2-3 of 16 on menu]?! Hmmm.Also use of the cocktail book was viewed as a nuisance. I say if you sell them readily accept them ...In summary,felt like the customer catered to the server rather than vice versa To their credit Hody club sandwich was very good.
2	A wide variety of people mingle at this bar...classy, trashy, young, old, professional, you name it.  The band was o.k., the beer was not very cold but the prices were ok for the area.  This place needs to place more emphasis on bartenders that are courteous and clean in appearance.   Probably the longest wait for a drink in an unpopulated establishment!!  Tip accordingly
