5	Canadian Air installed multiple A/C units at our apartment community and gave us a great price and did the job fast and efficient!   We highly recommend them for your heating and cooling needs! Thank you!
5	Thank you for always doing a great job for us Bryon! Fast , friendly & affordable service.
5	Great service, Affordable!! I wasnt ripped off like most Arizona AC companies in the summer! I will for sure call on them again! Thanks for keeping our family cool!
5	If we could give Bryon 10 stars, we would! This company, and more specifically, the owner/AC tech himself, are AMAZING!! He is super personable, honest, ethical, qualified, and skilled. He follows up- he's punctual- he does NOT over charge- its just such a breath of fresh air (hah!) in an industry where some people take advantage of overheated and unknowing customers. Byron was referred to us personally by someone who used to be in the industry himself (which spoke volumes) and for our first interaction with him, I called because my mom's AC went out. He was there almost immediately, climbed up, and fixed it after several hours. When he gave us the price, I couldn't believe it- I almost felt like paying more just because of how great he had been. But he had my business for life anyway, so...This last week, we had a unit go out in our home which we JUST rented out so we could take work in California. He communicated with us, the tenants, ordered parts (which were on back order) and even followed up to check on the parts and hustle the supplier along some. Again, the whole experience was just so refreshing. I wouldn't go anywhere else, and couldn't recommend anyone else, any higher!!! Thank you Bryon, your ethics and skill are much appreciated and relied upon!! =)
5	My property management referred me to Canadian Air to fix what was believed to be a broken unit.  The gentleman who arrived was Forrest who completed the fix in under 30 minutes.  The AC unit was on the roof of my two-story home and he did not even flinch before throwing a ladder against the side of the building and climbing up.  He was extremely professional and kind.  I would recommend Canadian Air to anyone!
