4	The Hub is a well established events venue, which is owned by the Edinburgh International Festival, and also includes a cafe, called Cafe Hub (keeping it real) and a ticket office. The Hub is housed in a really striking renovated church building near the top of the Royal Mile, and is a pretty clear landmark for anyone trying to navigate their way around the Old Town.I've been to the Assembly Hall upstairs in the Hub, plus another one of the smaller rooms for an arts event, and they both provided a pleasant atmosphere for socialising and relaxing. The interior of the Hub is bright and modern, in contrast to the gothic exterior of the building. The cafe comes well recommended, with its selection of hearty breakfast and lunch options, all at inexpensive prices.
2	The Hub is a venue owned and run by the International Festival, right in the heart of Edinburgh. Converted from a beautiful church, this main festival venue, which can be hired out for functions, also contains a large cafe restaurant. The beautiful church facade is unfortunately a little let down by the modern interior.I've been to the Hub cafe a few times to meet people for coffee or lunch on businessy sort of meetings. Its a fantastic location, right at the top of the Mile and just around the corner from the castle. This is probably the main cause for the Hub's business.Despite the beautiful building and the convenient location the cafe isn't the best. It serves ordinary sorts of teas and coffees and light lunches. The lunches themselves aren't terrible, after finally extending their menu, but the prices are. For what you get, which is fairly small portions of "fancy" food dressed up, the cost is too much. In the past the staffing has been too slow and a bit inconsistent.A great location venue but with a poor cafe and a lot of room for improvement,
4	This is a really good venue to hold meetings in Edinburgh. We hired the 'Glass Room' at the top of the building which had its own private balcony with stunning views across the city. The Hub provided us with lunch - just sandwiches- but they finished it off with some really good, gooey chocolate cake which made me love the whole venue even more!! They also left some Edinburgh rock on the tables for us to munch through...so whenever my meeting became boring/overly bureaucratic I could have a sugar high to bring back my normal hyper-ness!
3	Was a former church...Is the festival centre...Have a decent lunch.
4	Th Hub is for me a focal point especially when the Edinburgh Festival is in full flow either for aquiring tickets, making show enquiries, information on events or a quick lunch bite. It also doubles as an event venue, and has private meeting room upstairs, in this structure that dominates the city skyline...but for me I have yet to fully experience a show or some food here.For me the its location is fairly central in an converted church, now a regional meeting place where its quiet enough to escape the hussle and bussle of outside, during busy tourist season!  Enjoy the shop, free maps and guides, chatting to Hub staff finding out if there are any tickets left for usual sold out events that Edinburgh is famous for, and the afternoon weekend teas are great as well as weddings and pre-tattoo suppers.They have wifi, not sure if it is free but according to the ticket staff, you cant get access to www from the shop area but possibly need a password from the restaurant staff. For full information visit the hub website www.thehub-edinburgh.com
4	Attended a wedding at The Hub recently. WOW. We spent our day mostly in the main hall (the former church sanctuary) and balcony as well as the library (used as a bar/gathering area). Great food and lovely set-up. The colors in the main hall are garish and take away from the beautiful aspects of the carved ceiling, I feel. But it didn't detract too much from the lovely and intimate balcony setting of the wedding itself and the great space in the hall for the reception dinner and dance. They were a bit let down with service. It was here and there. Great at some times and totally lacking at others. The manager for the day was clearly present, but didn't always keep her staff on the same page. Our table barely got dessert. This was sad because I love cake. Very beautiful setting that lends itself well to smaller and larger groups, as I experienced.
