5	I have 2 cats, and I love this place.  I buy them things like Innova Evo (dry and canned) and Nature's Variety frozen raw meat medallions, which are difficult to find.  I can get the Evo at the Tempe Feed & Tack, but they don't have a freezer for the other food.  Sunflower even has the canned duck, which one of my cats inhales.  Previously, I was going all the way out to In the Raw in Gilbert for the frozen stuff, ugh!  I'm so thrilled this little place opened!  It's not too far from my house, and the owner is awesome.  Great product selection.  Closed on Sunday.
5	Still great.  She sells World's Best Cat Litter (made with corn; I wasn't impressed with it when I tried it a few years ago), and Close to Nature (made with soybeans), which she recommends over WBCL.  Why not the standard clay litter?  It's got a very fine dust that gets into the cat's lungs and yours, and it contains aluminum, which isn't good for anyone's brain.  Also, corn and soybeans are biodegradable industrial waste products.  However, they're probably pesticide-loaded.  Can't win!  I'm looking for something that clumps and controls odors decently, though.I love talking to the owner.  She's super-nice and super-knowledgeable.
5	What a great pet food supplier (and more!!) Sunflower has high quality pet food at great prices.  My husband and I usually buy California Natural for our beloved four-legged friends.  We usually get our dog food from Tempe and Tack but their store hours are hard to work with and they have OK customer service. We decided to check out Sunflower Pet Supply.  Not only did they carry California Natural dog food but we also found high-quality, all natural dog treats for our friends.  These items cannot be found at the chain pet suppliers, like Petsmart or Petco.If you're looking for healthy and natural dog food/cat food, this is the place for you.  We look forward to going back and getting the sweet-potato dog chews they had.  Nothing is good enough for our friends!
4	One of the only places I can get orijen locally.  The owner is friendly and knowledgeable and the store is always well organized and clean.  The hours can be a little strange but the selection and prices make up for it.
5	I love this place.  I originally found it while looking for a local place to buy some dog food.  They didn't stock the Orijen I wanted but I did buy some treats and other goodies.  Eventually, enough of her customers convinced them to stock the food.  The owner will listen to what the customers want and thoroughly researches it prior to bringing in a new product.  The owner is very knowledgeable and can provide you with several options at various price points.  On top of that, you will not find food at a better price, trust me I've tried.
5	Went in and could not decide on two different brands of dog food.I received two very generous sized samples of Evo and Orijen 6 Fresh Fish.  After deciding to buy the Evo and use it for a week, my dog had mad diarrhea and was vomiting. They let me return the used dog food for a FULL refund and so I purchased the Orijen.Since buying the Orijen, my dog's stools have never been more perfect and there is no more vomiting.  There was no extra cost involved for me to try various foods and find the right one.You cannot get this service from anywhere else!Love this place!
5	This is the best place around to purchase healthy  food for your animal. Its also nice to be greeted by a friendly, knowledgable person everytine you enter the store. We were also given 2 high quality free samples when we weren't sure which brand of food would be most well received by our dog.I will continue to recommend sunflower pet supply to everyone I know that likes to spoil their animal!
5	I drive past two other pet stores to go to Sunflower Pet Supply.  They carry of all of the high quality pet food, and have really good prices on it all.  They always remember me and my dog when I walk in and are very helpful.
5	I have a Boston Terrier with a sensitive tummy and only feed high quality food.  Sunflower has a great selection and the owner is very knowledgable of the food she carries and has always been a wonderful help in answering my questions.  She remembers me everytime I come in.  Even though a new chain store carrying the same food opened up closer to my house I choose to support the local business- prices are the same, but service is worth the extra mile drive.
5	I cannot say enough wonderful things about Sunflower.  There isn't another pet store out there (for me) that I can honestly say that I would feel comfortable feeding anything in it to my two puppers.  They stock such an array of good foods (including RAW), treats, and pet accessories that I can get lost for hours just browsing their stuff.  Their prices are also super reasonable and very competitive.Their customer service is amazing as well.  They are wonderful at recommending foods and I love that.  My two pups have sensitive tummies and I found the food that works best at Sunflower from their recommendations.  Sunflower has found a loyal  customer in me and I will gladly shop there over the competition.
5	Sunflower Pet Supply - a great place to spend your doggie bucks. A friend referred me to Sunflower some time ago and I have been frequenting their store ever since, Probably the best place to find high quality pet food and supplies. Excellent selection of products. Also they have a very large selection of frozen raw formulas which I feed my dogs. You won't find any Chinese "junk" in this store, only the good stuff.. Great customer service with a congenial can-do attitude and reasonable competitive pricing. If they don't have it, they can probably get it for you. I drive a ways to get there but I wouldn't go anyplace else. Highly recommended. Three thumbs Way UP!
5	My dog Toula and I LOVE this dog store.First of all, they carry almost every natural/organic/raw dog food brand you can think of. They also have a huge selection of toys, chews, dog beds, dog toys, collars, harnesses and they have a strong focus on natural products. I think my favorite part about this store is that all of their prices are comparable to what you would pay at Petsmart, so you should just go here instead because it feels so damn good to support local business!Also, the owner is very knowledgable, really nice, and she's always there!
5	I recently adopted an adorable little chihuahua mix from a shelter, and sensing his boredom from the lack of dog-related things to do where we live, I headed to Sunflower Pet Supply to pick up some supplies.  The store is nestled in between Harbor Freight Tools and Tuesday morning, and they sell cat and dog supplies only.  They sell only the highest quality food here, along with toys, treats, leashes, and collars.  They also sell really cool looking tags with many different designs and colors.The owner is passionate about providing good quality products, and every one she sells here is one she can fully support.  Since it's been a very long time since I had a dog, and this is the first dog I've owned on my own, she had a lot of good suggestions on what foods, collars, treats, and toys to buy for my breed.  This is definitely a store you have to shop at if you want the best for your cat or dog!
3	Sunflower is a very cute little pet supply store in a strip mall on the NE corner of Warner and McClintock. They seem to mostly focus on food but none of the corporate mass produced brands are here. They are focused on providing the healthiest pet food available. They also have a small selection of dishes, toys, leashes and other accessories. I am so happy to have found a shop-local option to get stuff for my kitties.
5	Awesome little pet store.  Great selection of pet foods and supplies.  I get my raw food here.  Owner is very helpful and friendly.  I love to support local businesses like this one!
5	Love this place! I always buy my dog's food and treats here and everything is reasonably priced. Great customer service as well!
