5	Hands down the best vet I've ever seen. (I go to Dr. Kastner, not the other doc here, who seems very nice, too, but I've never worked with him.) He is patient and will thoroughly explain everything to you, including risks and benefits. Two of my dogs needed surgery, and he was very honest in referring me to a specialist for one of the surgeries, which he said he could do for less $$ than the specialist, but he thought the specialist would be better for it. He always remembers us when we come in, and unlike many vets we've seen, I never feel like he's just trying to "sell" us on anything. He doesn't push procedures that aren't really necessary, and he never makes you feel like a bad pet parent for considering not doing a procedure. His honest is unwavering - he'll tell you what's really necessary and why. If you're worried about your pet, this is where you'll get an honest ad unbiased medical opinion. The office staff is also always really nice.
5	Great Vet - very personal and caring about your pet from Dr's to staff.
5	The doctors here are so nice and really care about the animals.  I have been going here for at least 8 years and never had an issue.
5	Such a great vet- generous with time, remembers my dog...  The staff is awesome as well and very accommodating.
5	Wow. Wow. Wow. I distrust vet offices as much as my dogs dislike them; however, PV Animal Hospital has made a loyal fan out of me. I have referred my family's dogs and many co-workers to this hospital. Dr. Weineker (sp?) was one of the NICEST vets I have ever met in the 11 years I have owned dogs. You can tell he truly enjoys what he does and cares about the pets and the people. There were times during the visit I felt like I should interrupt the vet from playing with my dog to ask what was wrong with my dog because the two looked like 'a boy and his dog' on a great summer day. I was wrong. He was skillfully and purposefully examining my pet in such a way as to keep my dog calm and happy and as distracted as possible from the necessary unpleasantries of the exam. He was incredible with my dog. As a professional, he did not speak down to me as the patient owner NOR did he give me ANY high pressured sales pitches of various treatments. He told me in a matter of fact way what my dog needed and why. The WHY is very important to me. He was candid with me and told me what was necessary and what was optional and for how long it may be optional before it became a necessity (my dog is older).The front office staff and the vet support staff also made me a fan of this office. They were the friendliest individuals I have ever met in a vet office. One thing I took note of that I have NEVER EVER seen at a vet office...one of the desk ladies offered to fill in the forms for me while I read her my answers because she saw the difficulty I was having in keeping my dog still, balancing the clipboard, and the other items I had in my hand...and unknown to her, I was still very weak recovering from a serious illness. Her simple gesture of sincere kindness started the tone of the visit and that pleasantness continued until I walked out the front door. The front office has a split design that is hard for me describe, but in short, there are waist high swing doors that separate one side of the waiting room from the other which made it much easier to check in and out as your pet is separated from other patients who are in the process of coming or going. For the 1st time ever, I was able to take my time and read the check out papers and give legible signatures because my arms were not being yanked back and forth by my dog's leash as he tried to play or sniff the pets waiting to check in as we were on the opposite side of the swing doors, essentially, closed off in a separate check out area. At the end of the visit, I was asked if I needed help loading my dog into my vehicle. (I was recovering from some ailment that had me laid up for over a week at home. I was no longer contagious, but I'm sure I looked like death after a bout with the flu, the common cold, food poisoning, a hang nail and a paper cut.) The front office staff displayed the same friendliness to any other person who came through the front door and even greeted some patients and humans by name. My dog and I both felt at ease here and although I want my dog to stay healthy so I never have need to go back, it is certainly an animal I would look forward to having to visit again. I do not recall for certain, but I believe when I made my appt over the phone, I was asked if I would need assistance unloading my dog from the car to bring him in. That doesn't seem like much, but it is significant. I am physically capable of doing so, but I will always remember the time my disabled mother called me from a DIFFERENT vet's office in tears of pain and shame because she could not unload her very large, elderly Great Dane from the SUV and the vet's staff said they couldn't assist because of liability reasons. My mother sat with her dog for close to 45 minutes in the parking lot crying until another patient pulled up and did what the vet's staff should have done....helped an elderly disabled woman unload her equally infirmed Great Dane from the vehicle and into the clinic.  (PS, please no one tell my mother I referred to her as elderly in this review because she can wield that cane like a Samurai warrior when she needs to and I like being able to walk without a cane of my own.)My mother now also uses PV Animal Hospital and also swears it is the nicest, most reasonable vet office she has ever had to visit. PV Animal Hospital will receive my family's support and recommendation until the day we loose all common sense and cease being pet owners.
2	I saw  Dr. Kastner for years who cared for my cat.  We switched to Scottsdale Cat Clinic about three years ago and found many conditions undiagnosed and/or untreated, such as hypertension.  These conditions could adversely affect the longevity of our cat's life, so we didn't take this lightly and took the advice of our new vet.  Now our cat is elderly, his health is declining and we were looking to take him back to PVAH to diagnose him since it is much closer to our home.  When I called to schedule the appointment, I was absolutely shocked at the response of the woman who answered the phone.  She said, "Is this a situation that could turn into euthanasia?"  Needless to say, we will never be stepping foot back into this clinic again.  The utter lack of empathy, understanding, gentleness and compassion from people we saw for years came as a total surprise.  If you have a senior cat, do yourself a favor and go to Scottsdale Cat Clinic!
5	Vets are friendly, vet techs make you feel welcome, prices are great (they don't charge an office visit when your pet gets shots and you get a check-up).  Only complaint I have is that when my pet has gotten sick it can be tricky to get in.  But otherwise, they're really fantastic!
4	Great vets, friendly staff and reasonable prices.
5	Dr. Weinacker is unbelievable with my dogs. He is such a fantastic vet and very knowledgeable. My current dogs LOVE him.  I had a dog who had neurological problems and he dealt with her very compassionately and gave amazing referrals and recommendations. I ended up having to put her down as a 4 year old back in 2005 as her condition was deteriorating and the staff couldn't have been kinder about letting me stay in the room with her afterwards for as long as I needed. I was sobbing like a baby of course but the entire staff was so kind and comforting.
5	We have 4 dogs and a cat and it takes a lot to make my wife happy especially when it comes to her babies.  Dr. Kastner and Dr. W. are both great veterinarians and good people. The staff is awesome and we refer our family and friends all the time. They know us and our babies by name and provide old fashioned customer service. We have been to other vets and they are OK but this place is awesome! Great service, great information, good pricing, and they know and love our family. They listen to our concerns and only provide us what we need rather than selling us services and products just to make a buck. They will always have our business.
5	Best vet I have ever been to! My dog was so comfortable and they took great care to make sure he was happy. They offered great pricing, and comprehensive care was better than other vets claimed to offer. I can not believe this place doesn't have more reviews! The Dr was so sweet to my dog, he even talked cute doggie talk to him :) We now have a permanent vet!
1	Not happy. What a shady place!!I call to make an appointment and get a quote as I haves budge to love by. Our dog only needed his yearly shots and a check up. What they quoted and what they actually charged was WAY off!! Then they convince me to have his anal glands extracted and hand me a bottle of allergy spray only to find out I would be charged extra for THAT! I refused the spray much to the nurse's disdain and argued that I was not asked permission or told the additional cost of the anal extraction. They scammed me and on top of that, the doctor talked more about his own dogs than actually talking about mine, his own patient. Will not be going here again :(
4	Took excellent care of my baby when I brought her in for a wellness checkup post adoption from MCACC.
