5	Outstanding customer service! What a brilliant idea to have on the strip! You can rent a gorgeous dress for the night or a week rather than buying that couture one you saw at Saks. They carry up to a size 22 (plus sizes) in the store so curvy gals rejoice! I'll definitely be back on my next trip!
5	I was looking for a long evening gown for a work dinner. It was a last minute decision. I was staying at the cosmopolitan and found out that Rent The Runway has a store in the hotel. So me and my girlfriends dropped by. I don't remember his name but he was very welcoming the minute we walked into the store. I knew my body type well, told him what I was looking for and he suggested a few gowns. His service was impeccable and was super helpful. The dress was too long and he offered to fashion taped it. When I went to pick up the grown, he got me to try the gown to make sure everything was siting well. His service was great and very thoughtful. He made the entire rental experience so pleasant and enjoyable. Thank you very much!! I wished I remember his name.The red dress I rented was amazing. I received a lot of compliments the entire night. Definitely a very happy customer.
5	Many thanks to Chelsea and Alan for their time, attention, and patience. Their assistance and style advice helped me reserve three dresses for my April wedding. I only wish this store opened sooner!
3	Was on a birthday weekend trip with some friends. I have rented from RTR online previously with good experiences, and had walked by the storefront on a previous trip. Unfortunately, I was unimpressed. The selection is minimal, and some of the dresses show significant wear. For example, there was a dress hanging up that had significant pilling on it; so much that it looked like something from Goodwill instead of a runway caliber dress. Another was missing a bunch of sequins. I was also unhappy with the fact that only some of the dresses display rental pricing, and that the pricing is (at least for all the dresses we picked out) was the same as on the website. Not terrible, until you remember that the website rents for 5 days, versus 1 night in store. In the future, I'll stick to renting online simply because I know I'll find something. If you're planning a trip to the store, make sure you have brought a back up dress in case you can't find anything. I still gave 3 stars because everyone was very helpful and friendly. I found a dress I loved, but nothing ended up being right for a Vegas night out, so I didn't get anything. Furthermore, none of the sales people were pushy when I finally gave up, and they didn't try to force a rental on me.
5	I made a last minute decision to drop by Rent the Runway the day of a professional event. I'd looked online & saw they carried plus sizes, so I hesitantly gave it a try. I could not have been happier. Whole the selection in my size was limited, I did have an array of choices. I found a fantastic dress & paid much less than a new dress. The rental process was simple & I have four days to return it -- not one as a previous reviewer stated. I picked up Saturday morning & have to bring it back by Tuesday.  They also gave me the option of dropping the dress off at UPS. That may cost extra, but I live near the store, so I was willing to drop it back by. I will surely use them again. We are actually taking my daughter there to pick out a prom dress in a few days. Why pay hundreds for a dress she will never wear again?
3	I was very excited to get some dresses for my birthday weekend celebration. I've rented dresses online before and always had a great experience. The selection of dresses was much smaller then I expected. Most of their dresses looked more like the type of styles I wear for work then a night out in Vegas. What disappointed me the most was the shape that the dresses were in. Most strapless dresses were stretched out and some even had holes in them. I'm sure these dresses get more wear and tear then the ones you get online. I did end up finding 2 dresses and the customer service was nice. Next time I would bring a back-up outfit just incase. The selections are spotty and might not be quite what you have in mind.
1	I did not have a good experience with this showroom from the very beginning. It started off when the associates at the showroom tried to get my appointment to appear under my existing account on RTR online. The number of times they incorrectly recorded my email address was ridiculous. It took multiple phone calls to straighten out and after a couple days, it was finally listed. This process should take no more than five minutes.Approximately a week before the appointment, I received an email from a "stylist" asking about my preferred styles, colors, size, etc. I appreciated the contact and was looking forward to seeing the dresses she thought would fit me. To my surprise, two days later, I received the same email from a different "stylist". I didn't quite understand why I got the extra email-- I have a feeling it's related to the numerous attempts to get my appointment into my RTR account-- and it didn't bother me too much, but it just added to the bad taste I already had with the lack of system.Then, two days before the appointment day, my friends and I all received emails saying our reservation was canceled when we never canceled. The three of us all had to call AGAIN and reschedule.The most disappointing aspect about my experience, however, was the extremely limited selection of dresses in the Vegas store. When I responded to BOTH of the stylists' emails with my preferences, I assumed I would be given options that reflected what I had written... I even gave a brand/style name of a dress from the RTR site that represented exactly what I was looking for.NONE of the options were remotely close to what I wanted. I truly do not understand the point of "stylists" reaching out when absolutely nothing is done with the feedback. I responded a week in advance of my appointment, giving them plenty of time to review my emails. I had filled out a style assessment weeks in advance as well. A professional and honest approach would have been to contact me and recommend browsing RTR online instead because the showroom did not carry anything that was close to what I wanted.RTR should use the term "stylist" loosely and should not advertise them as people who will help customers in personal styling sessions. What a farce.I ended up settling with a dress that didn't match my taste (as did my two friends). It was something I would've never chosen in a thousand years but I had no other choice since my event was the same night.I would never recommend visiting the Vegas showroom.If everything above wasn't already enough, I discovered today my credit card (along with my home address) information has been saved to my RTR account online from when I made the transaction in the showroom. I NEVER authorized this and find it absolutely irresponsible and inconsiderate to the customer.
2	Since I can not review the online store I will post my review here. I used RTR to rent a gown for a formal wedding. I received 2 gowns in less than favorable condition. The size 6 gown had the lining ripped so terribly that I could not even try the gown on with out fear of completely destroying the gown. The size 4 gown was also had what appeared to be a misshaped torso area which gave me a terrible stomach pooch. These dresses were obviously worn by ladies that were to large for these items and they are destroyed. I am now flying to Chicago with out a gown for a formal event and will be purchasing a gown to wear 1 time in Chicago. I feel as if the way this gowns are cared for is atrocious and RTR either has some Quality Control Issues or a blatant disregard for their customers. Also ladies please buy measuring tapes so that you do not destroy a garment that others may wear.
1	Ok so my friend and I decided to use Rent the Runway to find dresses to look extra pretty for Britney Spears Pieceofme in planet hollywood in Las Vegas. I wanted to go an extra mile and pay $50 ($25 each) for stylist service. I did this because I don't have this gorgeous figure so I wanted the stylist to help me pick something that looked great on me. When I got there the stylist was very nice and had already had picked dressed based on an assessment I completed earlier in an email before my appointment. However..... I felt that the "stylist" was not honest and every dress that I tried on she said that it looked good when it was apparent that it did not. I am so glad that my friend was there with me and she was the one that was honest and said "yeah I like that dress" or "definitely does not flatter your figure". Because of my friend I found a dress I liked. And this "stylist" also did the same to my friend so both of us gals helped each other. I understand people are sensitive when it comes to fat & saying that looks really bad... But that is what the stylist is supposed to do. Not every dress looks great on everyone. The "stylist" service was a complete waste of money. I wish I would of just gone to the store and not have wasted $50.
5	I've been using RTR for a while now, and was thrilled when I found out that the Cosmo had an actual store in it.  I had already rented a couple of dresses for the weekend, and was able to pop in and introduce my girlfriend that was with me to the concept and make her a believer.  We were immediately greeted and helped by one of their male associates which was super friendly.  She tried on a couple of things and ended with with a herve leger which fit her perfectly.  I was able to grab some jewelry to add to my looks for the weekend.  They have a good variety of sizes, jewelry, bags, and everything you need for the perfect outfit for a Saturday night in Vegas.  Great prices, great service!
3	This is an update.RTR refunded me for the two gowns I was unable to wear and have been issued a credit. I hope that RTR also looks in to modifying the return shipping method; I believe it will help minimize damage to the garments.
1	If I could give no stars I would.this place is a pathetic excuse. They do not acknowledge your presence one bit. Pretty sad since their items I would have wanted to rent since I am a customer frequent online. Although since I wasnt even noticed nor my husband they lost a customer. If managment does read this please do your self a favor and RE-train your staff for both females wish I got or saw their name does not know what customer service is.
4	I don't have any experience shopping in the store, but I was able to return a dress here that I had rented via their website and it was a quick, convenient, and painless experience. Great location in the Cosmopolitan, Vegas is definitely the perfect spot for a RTR brick and mortar.
5	I recently attended the Latin Grammys and was in need of a "black tie" attire dress, I found RTR on Yelp and I was very happy that I did. The selction in dresses are gorgeous and the service that I received from Destiny was great!! I felt so beautiful in the dress that I rented and the price was very good especially since it was my first time renting. I look forward to returning to RTR for any future events.
5	I found RTR via pinterest. I rented a beautiful dress from them for a wedding on new years eve that I was in. It showed up earlier than planned and came with a lil gift of gum and lotion for my event ,which I thought was extremely thoughtful. The dress fit perfectly and I received a TON of complements. The dress I rented, which came with a back up size , also came with preprinted envelopes to send the dress's back . It couldn't have been easier! I can't wait for the next event to rent from them again.
