5	I love the Aldi chain - great prices, good selection, friendly staff.  This location in particular is quite stellar.  I have to admit I was skeptical being that we all know parking on the South Side is, well, a nightmare.  Aldi South Side has their own parking lot right behind the building, and there is PLENTY of room, so I can promise parking won't be an issue! In case you've never been to an Aldi before, bring a quarter to "rent"  your cart, provide your own bags or purchase bags there to use, and remember it's cash, debit, or EBT, only.
5	Screw Giant Eagle! I'm done... well, until I need a hard to find item. But still, I'm done with buying the basics at GE. I'll admit, I'd heard the rumors. Cheap grocery shopping, especially the produce. But I never had easy access to an Aldi. Then one magically opened up across from my gym and the spending too much money on overpriced groceries ended (well, at least on groceries, clothes are another story!). It's everything and more! Although it's mostly their generic brands, it's a-okay with me, they all taste the same. I especially love the produce! Lots of fresh and beautiful looking fruits and veggies. It really is amazing the prices compared to the other stores. An avocado goes for almost $4 at GE and here you can get it for around $2. Half the price! The thing I was surprised to see is a nice selection of frozen foods. I've been buying a bulk amount of frozen veggies, just so the fresh doesn't go bad, and they have a good variety. I buy a bulk bag of salmon filets here with around 12-15 per bag for under $10 and at GE I bought a bag with 4 pieces for around $12! Cray!I also thought their cheese selection is decent too. I mean, you won't find fancy pants cheese, but if you're a cheese-aholic, you'll be pleasantly surprised. There's even Almond Milk! I mean, it's surprising what you can find here.I can walk out with a full two weeks of the essentials for around $40. Again, cray!
5	You still may have to go to GE for some things ( and they still may not have them ) but you can really get pretty much anything you need at Aldi for a great price.  Eggs are cheap, Giant Frozen Pizzas are cheap, Canned and Fresh veg are cheap, and Bread and Coffee are cheap ( but you can probably save enough money here to go a splurge at a coffee roasters or bakery on these goods).  You can even get a pretty good deal on household items for the kitchen and bath like storage bins, scales, blenders, and electric heaters that look like fireplaces.AND MOST IMPORTANTLY: Basic spices are ample and cheap.  Just make sure to bring a quarter to rent a shopping cart and your own shopping bags if you do not want to buy any (which I agree with and always forget to do)
4	I felt the prices here were fair and the selection is better then expected.  I'll add this to my regular grocery store mix.I don't eat a lot of variety and Aldi was missing a lot of stuff I usually eat.  Not their fault as I eat some wierd stuff.
5	By far the friendliest place to shop. The employees are amazing here! The prices are very reasonable and I have made Aldi my #1 stop for my weekly groceries. As others have said, they don't have everything so you will still have to shop at GE or SnS, but for the value it cannot be beat! Put nose to nose with the same advertising inflated commercial household brands, Aldi products taste the same if not better. I really like how they have a revolving selection of houseware goods for sale. I recently bought some strawberry plants here and they are doing amazing.My only complaint are their hours. I wish they would open at 6 or 7 am. Remember to bring some bags or if you buy them at the store, remember to put them back in your car before you go shopping. I often forget LOL!
5	Love it! Great selection of fruits and veggies, wonderful employees, and the prices are great! I no longer shop anywhere else. Getting all the essentials and walking out spending an average of $25 - amazing!
5	I love Aldi. They have very reasonable prices, there selection is decent. There own brand products are very good. ( The ones I have tried at least). The employees for the most part are very nice, and helpful. At times they have some really interesting and reasonably priced seasonal merchandise. I love the cream pies around holidays, and this year I got two beautiful Bonsai Trees, and a Japanese Maple tree for an incredible price. They feature different ice cream novelties at times that are really delicious. Your staples are very reasonable priced, and I noticed they are starting to carry more organic products. The organic bananas are delicious and very reasonably priced. The stores are clean, well ordered. Make sure you bring your bags though , as they don't provide them, although you can buy them very cheaply at the store. I think Aldi's is definitely giving the other stores a run for their money, and helping me put more money in my pocket.
5	I love this place! The staff is so friendly, and the products available are just what you need for a basic grocery shopping trip. The only thing I won't buy from here is the meat. It's just a bit questionable. Other than that, everything is great and at such wonderful prices. A tip for the produce: all of the produce is at such great prices, but it will only last about 5 days in your refrigerator, so eat it fast!
5	I am giving this Aldi's five stars for their customer service!  My local Shop'n Save (Mt. Washington) could learn a lot from them!!
2	I must be a big dummy face as I don't get the allure the allure of shopping here. I walk in and go to grab a cart... it needs a quarter. Wait what? All I want is a shopping cart. Ok well maybe I'll just grab a basket... No basket? Ok so maybe I'll just get a couple things and go to Giant Eagle later.Walk around and the organization of the store doesn't make sense. Random items sprinkled here. No name brands. Everything is cheap yes but how do I trust something that I've never heard of?Grab myself a bag of frozen chicken, some frozen veggies, some garlic powder and voila got some dinner. Walk to the check out counter, theres only 1 lane open and 3 people waiting, i see employees walk around and you'd think theyd open up a second lane but nope. They scan my goods I give them my credit card, okay bagging time... wait no bags? how am i supposed to carry my stuff? Oh I should've known to bring my own bags. Thanks for telling me. I walk out about to drop my stuff and realize, Aldi, for all intensive purposes made a seemingling simple process of grocery shopping, difficult. I never knew you could bungle up an operation like this. I complain all the time that giant eagles costs are going up. But looking at fuel prices rise it only makes sense that their costs go up so so do ours. It's a function of and giant eagle still has some good sales. I'll continue to shop at the giant eagle for sake of shopping carts and grocery bags. NO QUARTERS NECESSARY.
4	Great store. I'm here pretty often and I can get a lot of things here for a great price. I still head to GE for some things, but shopping for the basics is such a bargain. Canned goods, frozen veggies, almond milk, wheat pasta.. great finds at a great price. Its hard to taste a difference with things like that. Their ice cream isn't too bad.. actually many things here aren't too bad :)
5	Aldi is the best!! First of all, I love this location. Right across from the southside works and right next to my favorite two coffee shops and the goodwill... My work and school are in close proximity too, making it my most visited grocery store! The parking lot has never been an issue for me in any way. You cannot beat the prices in Aldi... You just can't! $1 avocados, all the time?! You pay double that at giant eagle. I do wish they sold spinach though- last time I bought their romaine lettuce, it did not last more than two days. Simply nature is their organic, all natural line and it's awesome. I've bought their organic pasta sauce (and LOVE it, even more than trader joes ! :x), quinoa and agave... And love them all. Not only are they delicious but they would all cost double at giant eagle. Their organic pasta sauce is delicious and I can pronounce everything on the ingredients list. I used to love Trader Joes organic pasta sauce, until I discovered their was milk in it (why would you need milk in marinara?!) .. I found Aldi's brand to be cheaper and just overall more tasty and healthy! I also love their weekly specials on products for your home. I recently purchased a pack of three various sized cookie sheets for only $9. You would pay double that at Marshall's! I also recently purchased a pack of three various sized baking pans for $9 too, again, the price cannot be beat. Both high quality products as well! The only item that I have tried from Aldi that I really would not recommend is their almond milk.. I found it to be quite watery and overall tasteless. Aldi is awesome! Bring your own grocery bags when planning a visit!
4	Best Grocery Store in the South Side.  Why?  Cause it's reasonably priced, you don't have to wait in line forever, the cashiers are nice and attentive (and make EYE CONTACT, GASP!).  Always great parking spots, very close to my house, I get a quarter back every time I put a quarter in (irrelevant).Yes, there are some drawbacks like the meat selection could be better and more of a selection of fresh foods in general,  but I'm no foodie.  Just the basics like spinach, eggs and frozen corn dogs for me.  Yes, I do have to go to the dreaded Giant Eagle at times, but man, oh, man do I hate life when I do.Sure, Trader Joe's is awesome, BUT it's on the other side of town and they charge too much for the amount of food you get.  No, I do not shop at Whole Foods.  Just No.  Aldi, that's it.  I'm practical, and poor so that's where I go.End Rant, err Review.
5	I don't know why, but this store feels bigger and better laid out than other Aldi locations.  Maybe it's perception, or maybe it's because this is basically a brand new store build to fit into an urban landscape?  Whichever it is, it's nice.I don't feel rushed when I come in here.  I feel like I can take my time to pick over the product I want and don't have someone next to me trying to push me out of the way.  This particular location seems to be clutter free and well organized.  No random products right next to each other.It is also bright in here, doesn't make going grocery shopping feel like a medieval task.  All the Aldi product you expect to find is here, plus every so often you stumble upon a brand name item.The only downfall here is the register situation.  Sometimes the lines will stretch back into the aisles and only then do they notice they need to open another register or two.
