2	Why no matter if you eat there or get it togo the burgers are never warm? I am not a fan of the Sonic... :(
2	Still serving cold burgers. The chili is good though. The cherry Dr Pepper hits the spot too.
4	We hit this place up frequently because it's just around the corner from us so it's on our quick dinners list.  Basic fast food stuff, a little better than most chains, and quick
4	I'm a long time fan of Sonic. Just the drink possibilities are awesome. I recommend a Watermelon Limeade (that's a limeade with watermelon flavoring) or a chocolate coke. U can never go wrong with tots (with or without chili/cheese/onions) - they are way better than any french fry ever concocted! The "new" hot dogs they have here are pretty tasty. I had a Chicago-style dog, and it was piping hot with a snappy casing as you bit into it. I'm not gonna abandon a true Vienna Beef dog joint for them - but it's nice to know they are almost as good! Maybe next time I stop in I'll see if they can do a foot long this way - that would be awesome, although there won't be a poppy seed bun involved, and that's a shame. Sonic, are you listening?? You could create AND corner a market with footlong ChiDogs - but you gotta have the poppy seed buns!!Check their add-on list - you can add a lot of things (including green chile and jalapenos) to just about anything, and that is just one more bonus that sets Sonic apart from the rest of fast-food corporate America.One of my fave things about Sonic is that the carhops rollerskate - alas - even Sonic seems to be slacking off on this. It should be required to have ALL hops on skates. I do give them props for hiring people that can actually count change correctly! It's hard to find a waitress or cashier these days that can subtract $9.91 from $20 in their heads. Sonic is keeping mathematics alive!
2	Cold burgers and fries. Order was messed up. Drinks are good. Called manager (Kaley) to complain. Excellent service on that front. She offered to credit the entire meal. Waited for CC bill and it was indeed taken off.
3	The food is always fresh and pretty good. The problem is that they always screw up my order. No sauce for my chicken strips, the wrong type of hot dog, wrong type of shake... I can go on and on. Yeah, I could check my order before I leave, but I shouldn't have to.
