5	Apollo Electric does great work! They did A+++ drywall work and electrical outlet repair.  Highly recommended! Best pricing in town also!
5	Apollo Electric is prompt, courteous and affordable.   They were referred to me by a friend so I called to have some electrical repairs/install completed in my house, i.e replace some ceiling fans, fixtures and install some recessed LED lighting.   Matt from Apollo Electric did a fantastic job.  I'll be calling him in the very near future to wire my new hot tub.
5	Seriously, best electrician in Phoenix! I had just gotten back from vacation and was fervently laundering school clothes and cooking dinner for the chitlins when BOOM, I lose power in half of my appliances. My first response was: FREAK THE FREAK OUT! After all, two hungry kids and an entire refrigerator full of brand spanking new groceries going bad is NOT the way I wanted to end my glorious vacation week!  I checked the breakers and saw that one had tripped. After flipping every breaker I could, I realized that I was pretty much screwed. I called around to several reputable emergency electricians, but being that it was 9pm on a Saturday, they all wanted a $150 service fee ON TOP of the repair costs and regular call fees. Umm, no. So then I come across a gem of an electrician named Matt. Not only did he arrive in less than an hour from when I first made contact, but he had the issue resolved in minutes and for half the cost of just the service fees associated with most other "emergency" electricians. We are totally enamored with Apollo Electric and plan on using Matt for any and all future electrical repairs! I highly recommend Apollo Electric, and I will say that this has been the friendliest and most competitively priced electrician I have ever had the pleasure to hire in the Phoenix metro area!
5	This guy can do anything! He remodeled my master bathroom, rearranged the plumbing, installed a whirlpool, added a shower, dropped in new vanities and lighting. His work was honest, fast and less expensive than I imagined it would be by a mile. Thanks Matt!
5	Matt was awesome and we will definitely be using him in the future! ...Here's our story with him... Our laundry detergent is on a shelf above our water heater and there was a crack in the bottle which leaked detergent down into some of the wires in our water heater which then caused some sparks and a  burnt plastic smell and lastly our hot water went out (not fun for the winter) Not wanting to replace the semi new water heater, we called up a plumber who told us we needed to call an electrician...Then we called an electrician who told us to call a plumber... We didn't know what to do so we decided to give one last try to another electrician and we are SO SO SO glad we did! Matt was very helpful over the phone and gave us some suggestions and options as to how he thinks we could best fix it without it costing us a fortune or without having to get a new heater. He came out as soon as he could and replaced the control panel where the laundry detergent had gotten into and everything was back in working order! I have never been more grateful for hot water! Thanks again Matt!! We are happy to have an electrician we can trust!
5	After getting home from work a couple weeks ago, I found the inside temp over 85 degrees.  Checked the thermostat and found the A/C would not turn on.  I then checked the breaker and, sure enough, it would not stay on.  I ended up calling Matt at Apollo Electric after the reading the Yelp review - I'm glad I did.Matt came out around 8pm, quickly diagnosed the problem - it required him getting on the roof - and he was able to set-up a temporary solution for the weekend with the promise he'd return on Monday morning to make it a permanent solution.  The A/C worked fine all weekend and when I returned from work on Monday evening, I discovered Matt had come out to the house and finished up the job as promised.I won't say what he charged but it was very reasonable in comparison to other electricians we've had at the house.  Plus, he was extremely pleasant and professional.  I will be using him for all future issues and I recommend him to anyone.
5	Matt did an electric car charger disconnection for us and was superb.  He arrived promptly, was courteous and professional, had a great attitude, and got the job done quickly and efficiently.  His standard service charge is absolutely worth it, and if we were staying in the area, I would absolutely use him again. Highly recommended.
5	We just needed an exterior electrical outlet added for some landscaping needs.  After being blown off by several other electricians since the job was small, I called and spoke to Matt who came out the NEXT DAY and had it done and installed.  Super professional, quick, prompt, very reasonable prices.  I will be calling Matt again for any electrical needs we have in the future.
5	Needed some work done on out house that we purchased in February.  Got quotes from a couple of different contractors.  Used yelp to narrow down the various companies for electrical and other miscellaneous work.  Ultimately decided to go with Matt at Apollo Electric. Matt came by, looked at what we wanted done, gave a good (relative to other contractors) price and ultimately won the job(s).  He arrived this morning with two helpers and installed two ceiling fans, two closet lights and a light in the pantry.  They installed all in about 3 hours. Additionally, they were fastidious about cleaning up after themselves and took great pride in everything being done right.  Highly, highly recommend using Apollo Electric.  Will be using them for a few other items that we will be doing in the very near future.  By the way, not all of them are electrical.  Matt has a crew that can do nearly any home  renovation/improvement.
5	Matt returned all calls promptly, and came when he said he would. He was knowledgable, resourceful and worked quick for a reasonable cost. I would recommend and use again!
5	I read the other reviews on yelp about Apollo Electric and Matt - decided to try them out. The other reviews are all spot on! I emailed Matt some photos of an electric car charger I had on Monday - when they are listed as closed. He responded very quickly same day and they came out the Tuesday afternoon and installed the required run back to the panel. It is rare to find true professionals these days. I will be using these guys again. Highly recommend.Thanks a bunch Matt.
