1	I just can't get as excited about Cold Stone as some of my friends.  When it first came out, everyone was all atwitter and so I felt I should be too.  I mean, it's ice cream and you get to pick all the stuff you want in it!  In essence, you're making it, so if it sucks, you have no one to blame but yourself.  But I don't blame myself, I blame sucky toppings.  I know for a fact that vanilla ice cream with brownies, pecans, caramel and fudge can be the most delicious thing ever; so when they're put together here (or at any Cold Stone location) and they suck, I don't blame the combo, I blame the quality.Also, please help me understand this if you could: on the menu it says "signature creations" and lists prices for all sizes, including kids.  Yet when I tried to order a kids size, I was told the smallest they could make it was "like it."  First of all, no, I don't like it, second, why is it listed on the menu if it's impossible?  Am I too old to order the kids size?  If so, what the hell?  I should've said thanks but no thanks, but instead (because I could smell the waffle cones while I was eating my good for me salad across the way at 1130), I forged ahead with the "like it" size, took five bites and threw it away.  That's a dollar a bite for mediocre ice cream.  And don't even get me started on the empty calories I blew through.Never again Cold Stone.
4	Man, I love Cold Stone!  Sorry you had a bad experience, Jennifer L.Nothing like cake better-flavored ice cream with caramel sauce and peanut butter cups mashed in!I think it's a bit pricey, but you also get what you pay for.  The quality of ice cream is really good.  The cones are always fresh (mmmmmmmm waffle cone!) and you can take a taste of any flavor ice cream you want.
2	Cold Stone grew up in the valley but it also tells the story of a business that turns corporate.  What does that mean? Well Cold Stone For Example was once a little guy and each store was able to grow its own culture and make food an experience to enjoy.  Management  and the  stress to achieve sales goals has made this company has lost its love for the customer. Look at the ice cream slab restaurants why are they doing so well.  Marble Slab was noted as one of the fastest growing franchises.    Last I'm the 3rd person to write a review, why is that?  I do have Cold Stone from time to time.  The cakes are great and I love to get them for celebrations.
3	So, I finally broke down and went to coldstone. Its located here in the Arizona Center, and I walk by this place a million times a day at work.  During one of the hot days last week, I decided that I needed a cool down, so I wandered in during my lunch hour and grabbed some ice cream.For starters, I do like this place-sort of.  I think they have a great product, but I find that thier ice cream is just so rich, to the point where its almost to much to eat.  Plus, I think that even though they are a more original idea, I feel like thier menu lacks in ideas and I have a hard time deciding what I should truely get.After going to sweet republic in scottsdale, I don't know that I will be returning to Coldstone.  Thier ice cream is to heavy, to rich to taste, and well, overpriced in my opinion.
1	Let me start by saying that I LOVE Cold Stone.  Then why the one star?  Well, every single time I visit the location in the Arizona Center I want to kill myself, but not before strangling the inept people behind the counter.  The main problem is that this place hires high school kids who don't give two shits about working, even though they get paid to do that.  To top it off, I am pretty sure I have never seen a manager in there, and I would hate to think they would allow a 16 year old to be a manager.  The line here is almost always ridiculously long, making the small space even more unbearable.  My worst experience was when a bunch of high school kids came after a basketball game and starting screaming to their friends working.  It was a nightmare.  Like junior high all over again.  Avoid this location at all costs.  The others are all superior.  Believe me.
1	I love Cold Stone.  I've been patronizing them since they were just starting up.  Now they are a huge corporation and sometimes I have a hard time going because of it.  The one thing that makes it easy to not go is the AZ Center location.This Cold Stone is staffed by the laziest, rudest, worst employees ever.  Most Cold Stones get a bit chaotic because employees are running around trying to get through the line of customers.  Not at AZ Center.  They operate in slow motion, if they operate in any kind of motion at all.  There are always 4 or 5 employees working but almost all of them are in the back.  The one out front does all of the work and usually takes a break between customers to go into the back to txt someone.  Asking for anything beyond a simple scoop of ice cream is turned into a chore by these kids.  Don't you dare ask for a smoothie or something that requires them to "go get something from the back" because you may never see them again.  The girls that work here all have 6 inch fake nails and the boys all have tear-drop tattoos under their eyes.  It is a wonder that management doesn't fire them all but, after seeing a manager, I realize that this business is simply a front for either prostitution or dealing drugs.
4	Pleasant staff, typical yumminess!  Cookie don't you want some with sinless sweet creamI was not as offended by the staff as others, but we also went close to 8pm on a week night.I was more offended by the stupid people in the store!I always get the same thing! Cookie don't you want some. And i substitute the sinless for the regular. With all that goodness inside, you can't tell the difference! I also go with the love it size - they fill it up really nicely!
4	It appears that this Cold Stone has finally hired competent staff.  This time we were greeted by a friendly face and immediately helped.  The girl behind the counter was quick and efficient.  For once we were able to get in and out of this location in less than 20 minutes.  I'm glad to see that I can go here and not have a painful experience anymore.
5	Mike was super friendly....    So was his cute co worker (short brown hair) .   Thanks for the great bday remix!!!!
1	I some people love this place.  I hate it.    Here is my version of typical CSC trip.I am out w/ friends, and we decide to go out for ice cream.  Some people always love it, so we have to go.  I go and regret it.I always know we are in trouble approaching the place.  There is huge line of people, this is because of popularity and the fact that the ice serving process (the magical "mixing of toppings", more on this later) is so slow.   Also usually there are about 20-30 people on the ground praying, for them this is mosque of the false idol "mixin" they are all a screamin' "Mixing Akbar!!").OK you wait - and wait - and wait.   The portions are huge and expensive, nobody wants to split because everyone wants something different.  I get the child's super small size, which cost 40 bucks and weighs about 30 lb.  for this place the motto = "quantity is job one". They have many toppings, but most of them are pretty lame.Here is the mixing parts.  Spoiler alert - if you haven't been don't want to ruin it for you.   They take the toppings - and - ready? - ok sit-down - they mix them in.  That's right.   I don't know how I every lived eating ice cream with almonds on tops, man having them mixed in is amazing - it's similar and yet some how the same.  Some sarcasm intended.The staff always seems to have a bad attitude - after all, where else can you go to have toppings *mixed in* to your ice cream?   It's a pretty awesome skill that takes a rigorous five minute training program.The ice cream at CSC is not good.   It has a weird taste and texture, and I don't mean this in a good way.   But given that it has stuff *mixed in* (instead of on top) the ice cream really does not matter I guess.   This is the future of ice cream: stores concentrate on the important stuff (mixing in toppings) while not wasting money on incidentals (ice cream).Many will wonder if I exaggerate - a little.  Am I grumpy?  Very much so.  Am I cheap?  Yes but I don't mind spending money once and a while if the ice cream is good.   What I don't like is that CSC run-away success points to a future where franchise chains sell very large amounts of ice cream, and base their success on what I consider a gimmick.  Hate to tell stories about how poor I was as a child, but we used to mix our toppings in, or simply make each spoon dip so that we captured toppings.  Barbaric, crude, prehistoric, unimaginable, call it what you like - but the ice cream was decent at least.
4	After a hot, tired walk to get the ice cream it was delicious.  Also, very pleasant to sit down and eat at the Arizona Center.
2	I love love loooove cold stone.  It's our first destination when we decide that we want ice cream.  I don't know what it is about this location...the service is always so...I don't want to say horrible...but it's always awkward.  The staff just kind of continues to talk amongst themselves when you enter the store...as if they don't know why you're in there.  We always ride our bikes to the store being that we live nearby, and we always ask that we can take it to go.  After we request it to go, the hand it to us, open top and a spoon.  Then we have to ask them for each individual thing...we have to ask for lids...then we have to ask for a bag.  Either way, we'll always go back because they serve ice cream...but it's just like a hard core awkward off in there.
4	If you like a mix-in type ice cream place, you'll love Cold Stone. This one is kind of hard to find, but it was great.
3	Good service and good icecream!
4	Consistently good ice cream in a convenient downtown location!  The staff is always friendly, quick and helpful too!
3	They skimp on the ice cream. I'm used to having my like it size overflowing so much that I have to ask for it in a love it cup. And their cake batter ice cream wasn't very sweet.
4	Some people like this place, some people love this place, I gotta have it ;)
3	The service was ok, I paid using my Gyft app on my iPhone and had to actually handle my phone to type in the number.  This kind of bother me. Please just get a scanner. They didn't have many flavors of frozen yogurt, but that didn't matter. I went for sugar, fat, and happiness. I got the founders favorite with cheesecake ice cream. Heaven. My sweet tooth satisfied.
1	By far the most bizarre non-patron experience I have had in downtown phoenix. Got a couple coupons in the mail for cold stone so I went to use one of them- a buy one get one free for the signature dishes they have. I don't like chocolate but wanted something with cake batter ice cream...so I ask for the birthday remix in a cup without the chocolate and brownie mix...essentially all I wanted was the cake batter ice cream and the sprinkles were fine....the owner (?) tells me no I can't do that because the coupon doesn't allow me to modify their "creation"....bizarre considering it's not like I was asking for substitutes or anything, I just didn't want any of the chocolate crap and the way they mix it all in would have made it all but impossible for me to order it as is and then remove it. I would have been saving them money (toppings) if they just let me order what I wanted. I ended up walking out and tossing their coupons in the trash. Great customer service/people skills.....not!
1	This place was pretty shoddy looking - like it hasn't had a deep cleaning in a while. Everything was crammed into the tiny space and looked like it hadn't moved in years.  So of course I decided to order my son an ice cream cone.... a very ordinary yet expensive ice cream cone. He then needed napkins, lots of them, because the store was warm and his ice cream was rapidly melting; not that we'd stick around anyway, given that there were only two chairs to be found and one was occupied by my friend whose idea it was to go here. Needless to say, I won't be back if I can help it.
4	Custom ice cream. Ordered a "Chocolate Devotion" without the chocolate chips (too chewy) and they asked if we'd like extra brownie pieces in place of the chips. Of course!.  Great service.
3	We were walking in the dry heat around Downtown Phoenix and couldn't remember where we parked. All I wanted was something cold in my mouth.I got a bottled water and strawberry smoothie. I could have had some ice cream but the two girls seemed too busy chatting with each other. I didn't want to be rude and interrupt.
