4	They start ON TIME. No wiggle room whatsover. We got our tickets torn, then, with a few minutes before showtime, we ducked into our respective restrooms. At no point prior had we seen flashing lights, nor announcement about PROMPT curtain. We missed the opening number along with at least another dozen people. Once we were let in, there was still a constant stream of latecomings throughout the First Act. Is the show great? Yes. Should patrons be in their seats at Curtain Time. Yes. Have I ever been to a show (Equity or not, Los Angeles, Broadway, or Chicago) and the doors are closed BY the Curtain Time? No. I understand there are additional performances, meal breaks, Union regulations, etc. But somewhere it should be absolutely crystal clear -- say, in the Lobby five minutes beforehand, or even printed on your tickets, that 7pm means 7pm period.The other knock I have is that the Will Call booth at the theatre Box Office couldn't find our tickets at first. Not from my last night, nor my first and last name. A minor annoyance, but never had that problem before, either.  Still, I would say, Yes, go to the show. BTW -- 'Jersey Boys' is 2 Hours, 8 minutes -- not 90 minutes, as listed elsewhere.
5	Had an absolutely wonderful time!  So much fun!  Constant entertainment and I had chills every song from how spot on they are to the exact sounds of the original.  I loved that it wasn't just a cover band.  It was a play/performance with a story line to show the actual story of the group through their ups and downs, behind the scenes life and struggles of their personal lives.  I love the music, however my boyfriend who surprised me with the tickets wasn't too familiar until he heard the songs and realized how many he knew.  Even without being a die-hard fan like myself,  he really enjoyed the story line and performances.  Loved everything about this show.
5	GREAT Musical!! Just some tips for those who want to get good seats:1 - the theatre is pretty small, so most seats will have a pretty good view.2 - nevertheless, i bought my tix from bestofvegas.com: $88 + $12 in fees for rear orchestra/front mezzanine. Cheapest I could find online. Don't regret it one bit! (Though if i could get cheaper tix in the back, i would have done that since the theatre is so small -- but hey :P)3 - As others have said, they start on time, seating begins about 30 mins before curtain.
4	A very nice, tame show, although the language may offend a few.  The Four Seasons and Frankie Valli songs are delightful.  Not a bad night out and the great Jim McIntosh (as "Thug") on guitar offers a nice contrast to his terrific playing with the Lon Bronson All-Star Band.
5	The person who processed my ticket transaction said there weren't any bad seats in the house. She was right!
4	Saw the show last saturday.  Very fun and entertaining.  Great music and choregraphy-and I don't like musicals...
5	What an amazing show and musical story about Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons! It showed what inspired their songs. Their rise to stardom and their sad events to the  original Four's fall out. I am a huge fan of the 1950's and their 1960's music. It was so great to experience their story, and their music together. I felt I was back in the 1960's. GREAT SHOW!
5	This show was fantastic.  I felt that I could have seen it three more times if I could afford it.  We have seen it at Broadway San Diego and loved it then.  All I can say is this is really worth every penny you spend.  Don't leave Vegas without seeing it.
5	My husband and I saw three shows while in Vegas (I'm pregnant so it wasn't a crazy Vegas trip). We saw Transiberian Orchestra and LOVE by Cirque du Soleil and this was the best money spent. Don't spend the extra money to sit in the first set of seats on the floor because the mezzanine seating was better because it was stadium seating and therefor, there weren't any heads directly in front of you. We bought tickets on travelzoo and got a free upgrade to the front row of the mezzanine, which was perfect. As for the show, the actors can really sing and I can see why the show is currently the best in Vegas. It's upbeat and I didn't realize that the Four Seasons even sang all of those classic hits. Tickets are half the price of a Cirque show, so check it out and you won't be disappointed! On a side note, I wouldn't take children to this due to language throughout the show. F bombs were dropped pretty consistently since the boys in the story are supposed to be Italian street kids from Jersey.
5	It was a great escape and a glimpse of how music was in the 60s. Loved every minute of this musical. A must see in Vegas!
5	Excellent show! Had seen it in Chicago last year and thought both productions fantastic. Sat in mezzanine seats with great view and sound from stage. Enjoyed their music in high school so right up my alley.
5	Great show. Starts very promptly at 7pm ends at 9:10.  If you purchase the dinner at Eiffel Tower pick up tickets early and the food was great. Loved the show, singing, great theater. A plus event
5	One of the best shows I've ever seen and a must see while here in Las Vegas. As someone from Philadelphia, I'm very familiar with the Jersey attitude and history. I love The Sopranos and Goodfellas, and it almost felt like those two shows became musicals and were put up on a stage. The show is the history of how Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons got together and goes from there. Really great music, and fantastic acting from everyone involved in this production. The show was 2 hours with an 8 minute intermission.My friend and I saw the 9:30pm show on 2/12/13, and the theater was practically empty. I don't even think it was 1/5th full as both sides of the orchestra were completely empty and no one was in a ton of rows. I didn't really see this as a bad thing though, because I got to spread out, and our seats were row GG, and dead center of the stage. I know that you can see Jersey Boys anywhere, but seeing the show in Las Vegas at the Paris is really spectacular and a great overall experience. The only con was the cost of $150/ticket, and considering the place was empty, we could have paid a lot less and just moved up without anyone noticing.
5	I see alot of live theater, and this show is great. I took my mom, and my adult daughter. They both loved it. Its based on Frankie Valley's life. Its just real fun.
5	BEST SHOW EVER! This show has such an amazing energy! I didn't know much about Frankie Valli & the Four Seasons before watching this.... but you don't need to. You will be amazed at how many of these songs you will recognize (& love!), and the story is told so well, with AMAZING performers delivering impeccable vocals, dancing/choreography & acting.... that truly bring you back to the era, like you are right there livin it with Frankie! It's moving. It's captivating. You will leave the show with a huge smile on your face, a hop & skip in your step, and you will NOT be able to stop humming all the fabulous songs in your head for days! Just a few of the HITS that will get stuck in your head: - Sherry- Can't Take My Eyes Off of You- Big Girls Don't Cry- Who Loves You- Oh What a Night! December 1963- Walk Like a Man- Bye Bye Baby- I've Got You Under My SkinQuick tidbit on seating:JB has been at "Paris Theater" since March 2012. It's a bigger stage & venue than when it was at Palazzo (where it reigned from 2008 thru 2011). Other than size, another difference is that this new theater does not have a balcony. You are either in the front half (Orchestra section), or back half (Mezzanine). When I got my tix, I was told that the last row (Row M) was only 75 feet away from the stage, implying that even the last row has a good view of the stage. I ended up getting seats in Row K (third row from the back), and they were right! You still have a great view of everything. :)I've seen JB twice, and can't wait to see it again!!!!!
5	I have seen this show now for the third time and this was the best yet!If you haven't seen this show you are missing out on an American classic.  If you can't afford the high prices make someone else pay. ( it's that good )   This is a bucket list item that should be on everyone's list to do.
5	You will LOVE the music and have SO much fun watching this show.
5	Incredible performance! Just buy the $59 ticket. Picked up ours the same day at the hotels/Jersey Boys Box Office. The theatre is small and as others stated, all the seats are great so you don't need to spend the big bucks for orchestra seats. The performers seem to have a really great time on stage and have superstar level talent.  All is live, an orchestra plays the music and the performers sing flawlessly, so perfect I thought it was recorded, but it's not. I'd watch it again! The story is easy to follow (and who'd of thought there was such a story!) and the music will get you moving in your seat!
5	I've seen this show three times, twice at The Palazzo and once at Paris and I wouldn't object going a fourth time!The theater and sound quality isn't as good at Paris as at the Palazzo, but the show still rocks.  Not only does the story line itself make a great production, but the harmony and singing of the case is wonderful, it's kinda like The Four Seasons have come back from the past!Seeing this show has made me a big fan of Frankie Valli & The Four Seasons and I expect the show converts tons of new fans each and everyday.  It is no surprise this show has been running on the strip so long and shows no signs of stopping!
5	2 hours long but a Fun show!
3	Came to Vegas on a double date trip with my fiance, and two of our friends (the other couple). Someone in our group really wanted to watch this show, so we decided to purchase tickets! It also worked with our budgets, compared to the other Cirques, so it was a go! Unfortunately, I did not find it that amusing, although there were some good parts. I guess it's just not my thing, but I'm pretty sure they worked hard on the production, hence the three stars that I gave.
3	This show was entertaining,but not as good as the SF show. Well worth seeing .
5	"My eyes adored you,Though I never laid a hand on you,My eyes adored you.Like a million miles away from me,you couldn't see,How I adored you.So close, so close and yet so far." - "My Eyes Adored You", Frankie Vallie & the 4 SeasonsI loved "Jersey Boys"!!  The musical retelling of how the group last known as "The 4 Seasons" came to be, starting at the humble beginnings of standing underneath a streetlamp in New Jersey.  I'm a big fan of Franki Valli's music & getting to see how he became the multimillion selling, international hit singer had me hooked from the moment the lights came on.The actor who portrayed Frankie Valli was dynamite!!!.  He hit those high notes like a champ.  To me, he resembled the Brazilian race car driver, Helio Castroneves.  The supporting cast also did a magnificent job during the show.  We had primo seats, 5 rows from the stage, in Row D.  Looking around, all the seats seem to have a good view, but I must say I loved my vantage point.  FYI, there is typical "Jersey talk" used during the show, aka profanity, & there is also some gun action/blood.  Therefore, I wouldn't recommend taking the little ones.  There is an 8 minute intermission with a handy countdown timer displayed on the stage, for those wanting to make sure they get back just in time.I defy anyone not to sing along & have the catchy songs of Frankie Valli & the 4 Seasons in their head for the rest of the night & the day after, as well.  I immensely enjoyed "Jersey Boys" at Paris Las Vegas from beginning to end.I highly recommend you come & catch a performance of one of the greatest shows on The Strip!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jersey-boys-las-vegas-2?select=qCELiWZPVT645UfLqgd4Uw#qCELiWZPVT645UfLqgd4Uw"Oh what a night, late December back in '63,What a very special time for me,As I remember, what a night!" -  "December 1963", Frankie Vallie & the 4 SeasonsExcelsior!
4	I'm 30. I had no idea what this show was about when my hubby suggested we go see it. We were both excited to see the show simply based on all the positive reviews it had received everywhere. We arrived at the theater and the line people tried to take our photo, which we both resent (not photogenic, neither of us!). Luckily, they weren't pushy and let us by without stealing our souls. Inside, we were directed to our 'Po Folks' seats, which were kind of far back and very much to the the left... sound familiar? (Dirty joke.. my apologies)The four rows behind us were empty for the most part, so as the show started, we left our crowded row and hopped to the one directly behind us. This little shuffle ended up causing my husband and I quite a bit of distress throughout the show, as a particular female usher in her 80s definitely noticed that the previously empty row now had to youngins' sitting in it illegally. She stood at the end of the row with her flashlight glaring on the row number for almost half the show. My husband and I both stared straight ahead, pretending not to notice her obvious behavior, but secretly dreaded the moment she approached us and demanded that we hop back into the assigned seats directly in front of us. Once we reached half time, she moved down a couple of rows and then seemed to spend the remainder of the show randomly flashing her little flashlight in peoples' faces as they watched the musical. It was odd.As for the show itself- The beginning was a bit iffy. I didn't know what to expect, so I just sat and let the show wash over me. Unfortunately, it didn't wash over smoothly like water.. it was more like being slimed on Nickelodeon. It seemed that they really tried to pack in a LOT of information at the very onset, and it felt jumbled. I kept thinking "Okay, come on already, what's the story, what's. the. story??" Then, before I even realized it was happening, things began to take shape. After several very corny and obvious one liner jokes, that the older folks LOVED btw, they introduced the most likable character in the story - the teenage prodigy  (Short Shorts sensation) who seemed to be the catalyst for The Four Season's real and lasting success. This character had charm, was funny, goofy, lovable, humble, and intelligent. He was the hit-master behind everything (Sherry, Big Girls Don't Cry, Walk Like a Man, Can't Take My Eyes Off of You, etc etc) and provided some nice 'normal' comic relief. When I say normal, I mean compared to the thuggish "Hey, we're from Jeeeersey!" mob wannabes. It seems every guy in the group was in jail for some period of time. One guy pis*ed all their money away (and then some), one guy had a horribly unpleasant failed marriage, one guy seemed like a typical Jersey mobster jailbird stereotype, and the other guy was the kid prodigy. In between being annoyed by the way the main character spoke, there were songs - gloriously toe-tap-worthy songs. The highlight of the show, for me, was the 10 seconds where the audience was offered a view from the other side of the stage - Meaning, we were transported to the back of the stage while the then popular singing sensation performed to thousands, so we got the performers' point of view. I'm sure that explanation is confusing,  but if you see the show, you'll instantly know what I"m referring to. It was cool. That's all I have to say about that.Turns out, even though I didn't know it before, I've always been a fan of Frankie Valli and The Four Seasons. You probably are, too. They had a bunch of hits that I never attributed to them, and the show did a great job at setting the stage in terms of each song's inspiration. Did you know that the "Oh what a night, late December back in 63.." song was about the 20-something (?) prodigy losing his virginity? I didn't know that, either!! Overall, you can expect corny Jersey accents, dancing/jumping/swooning girls, awesome men-group-dancing-in-a-line, triumph, sadness, defeat, comebacks, and, of course, Short Shorts, Sherry, Walk Like a Man, Big Girls Don't Cry, Let's Hang On, Can't Take My Eyes Off of You, Marianne, My Eyes Adored You, December, 1963 - Oh What a Night, Dawn, Rag Doll, Bye Bye Baby, and probably a few others that I don't recall. It's a fun time and it will make you wish you'd done something great and exciting with your life - on the other hand, no matter what you do with your life, everything is, and will always be, extremely fragile and fleeting.
4	As good as everyone said it was.
3	YAWN. Wonderful story, talented performers. But if you didn't grow up in this era or are not a huge fan of the band, you ll find yourself losing interest fast. Every seat here is a good one so dont bother paying a lot for close seats. Older crowd.  Don't get me wrong. This is a well executed show just not for everyone. If i were born in Jersey in 40's or 50's or was a huge Valli fan, i would love this show.
5	On this trip to LV we all decided to see a show and agreed upon Jersey Boys.We dropped in to the Paris Hotel to purchase tickets for the following night's show. There were a lot of seats available and prices vary, of course the closer seats are always pricier. We opted for the middle section which was about $75 per ticket which was a wise choice because the viewing the show was just perfect.I have seen Frankie Vallie & The Four Seasons perform before in concert and during the concert he briefly explained a little about his past, but Jersey Boys takes you back to the Roots of Frankie Vallie.The show was spectacular along with the fantastic singing *I mean mind blowing* and dancing. The storyline kept me on the edge of my seat and humming away to the tunes..OK singing every so often..lol! *So Worth The Price of the Tickets.*I wouldn't hesitate to see "Jersey Boys" again! Simply Loved This Show!
5	Best Vegas musical I have ever seen! The cast from the Saturday 8:15 performances is outstanding . The lighting , effects , sounds, vocals, you name it.  Even had my 86 year old grandmother wanting to dance
4	Incredible show, you will probably know more of the songs than you realize!
5	I was recently in Vegas for business and decided to see Jersey Boys at the Paris hotel since I had heard many good things about this show.  I purchased my tickets at the Tix for tonight booth for $69!  i was actually very happy with my seat and had a great view of the stage.  I went on a Sunday night and the showroom was only about 80% full.  When I found my seat, I was feeling like a real loser since I was there by myself.  going to a vegas show by yourself is actually worse than going to a movie or a nice restaurant by yourself.   To add insult to injury, once the theater started to fill up, I found myself I wedged between 2 plus size people, Of course one of them wreaked of alcohol.  Both of them were large enough that they were spilling over into my personal space.  The show started off a little slow in my opinion and In the beginning I did jot recognize any of the tunes.   However, I came to realize that the show was about how the Four Seasons group came to be.  they had not hits when they were just starting out Duuhh!  The show rapidly gained momentum and by the encore, I was standing and rocking out with my seat mates who had now become my new best friends.  It is truly amazing how much music can make you happy.  The music was awesome and the cast very talented.  I am sure you will enjoy the Jersey Boys as much as I did.
5	So wonderful. Didn't get to see Courter Simmons perform, but, such is life. The cast was great, the ushers were fabulous, the music was incredible- etc. great for the whole family!!!
5	I didn't know what to expect when coming to the show, but I can now say that I absolutely give it a thumbs up. The cast was very high energy throughout the whole show. The top 4 all have amazing voices. This is better than what I expected. Highly recommended!!
5	We loved this show! Very entertaining. Will definitely see it again and recommend to others.
5	This is Jersey Boys as in Frankie Valli and the 4 Seasons.  If you're looking for gym, tan, laundry and fist pumping boys you're at the wrong show.  Just sayin. haha    I def. recommend JB if you're looking to be entertained by something other than a cirque, magic or boobie show.   Tickets:  We ended up just purchasing our tix from the Paris desk since we were staying at the Paris.  Too lazy to go to discount tix or look for cheaper ones.  We got the cheapest tickets which were around 60 bucks.  FYI:  I heard the couple next to us ask if they had senior citizen discounts and they were hooked up.  Score!Venue:  Any seat is good since it's not a huge venue.  There aren't any funky columns or obstructions anywhere so no chance of having to watch with your neck turned at a 90 deg angle.  We were sitting the 3rd or 4th row from the back and it was fine.  So unless you feel the need to be up close and personal you're fine getting the cheap seats.Show:   I know I'm getting older when I want to hear music my 63 and 65 year old parents listen to!  Hubs and I were like one of the youngest couples there (in our 30s) but age is nothing but a numba here.  I won't go into details since you should see it for yourself but I will be honest, the beginning is kinda boring.  I remember whispering to the hubs it better pick up or I was ready to take a nappy nap.  But after 15-20 minutes it picks up.  JB is all about how Frankie became Frankie Valli and the 4 Seasons via acting, dancing, and great singing.  I was actually surprised by how many of their hits I knew! So sit back, relax, and enjoy! FYI: Like Rodney S. mentioned, prob not the best show to bring kids to since there is some profanity and gun action going on.....Joyzy to the max!
5	We saw the show a few years ago at the Venetian but it was an awesome show!  Great for people of all ages, I highly recommend this show for everyone!
5	Love love loved it. Not a 4 Seasons fan before the show, but once I realized how many songs I knew (and enjoyed) I cannot believe I was not hooked in before. The actors/performers were great, we had wonderful seats (row C) and I would go again. It was all the more interesting because the show told the story of how the 4 Seasons came to be rather than just being a tribute show. Highly recommend it and as others have indicated, there are 4-letter words so if you are offended by that language, skip it. But honestly, it's so well done you should just get over yourself and enjoy it.
5	I was going to skip the show and gamble, but bucked up and pulled the trigger.  Good Call!  Outstanding show, great story, and wonderful acting/singing.  My 14 yo son liked it as much as my 65 yo mom.  My wife and I were both sad to see it end.  Lots of good seats out there in the 75 range.  Check out the half price ticket stands, but get there early in the day.This is a Don't Miss, best show I've seen in Vegas!
4	never realized how many songs The Four Seasons had and how memorable they are. Very entertaining how they put the show together and chronologically sing each act. I would go again.Visited June 2012
5	Part two of my dinner and show last night was Jersey Boys.  I really like the show because the songs of the Four Seasons and Frankie Valli This jukebox musical is unlike others I've seen because this one has a true story behind it and it helps make the show a real winner.I have seen the show three times--twice at the Venetian and now once at Paris.  I have seen three different people play Frankie Valli and I can only say that they've all been very good.  Last night, the Valli part was played by Graham Fenton.  He has a good voice for the role and does it well!The entire cast is good, and the band is excellent.  The one scene where the brass players come out on the walkway above the stage is especially rich with their good sound.The small set pieces come on stage and off quickly, generally brought by cast members between scenes and especially when your attention is deliberately drawn elsewhere.  Nice staging!  The lighting is very well done and really adds to the show as do the video screens behind and to the sides.I was in the 5th row center orchestra and it was a great place to see the show.  I felt like I could reach out and slap Tommy upside the head myself!At the end, it was very good to see an acquaintance come out for a bow at the top of the spiral staircase--Keith Thompson.  Keith is the musical director/conductor for Jersey Boys and he does a fantastic job!This is a very good show and I highly recommend putting it on your Las Vegas vacation agenda!
3	The "mezzanine" of this theater is just the rear section of the orchestra seating. There is no raised mezzanine. Therefore, save your money and buy tickets near the front of the mezzanine instead of paying more for orchestra seats.But, the show itself was great!  I'm usually not one for musicals but this was pretty good.
4	Excellent musical!  A definite must see if you are in Vegas.  husband and I had Friday night tickets, theatre was only 75% full, but we had great orchestra seats, but I don't think that there is a bad seat in the house.  Great story line of the Four Seasons from a humble start, thru fame and fortune thru the hard times of personal sacrifices and the climb to the top.  Excellent sound system and sets, awesome singing, dancing and acting. Great songs and score, will definitely see again!
5	Best show I have seen in Vegas !! I am local I have seen almost every show on the strip and this was by far the best. I am 23 and I saw it with my 60+ year old parents and we all thoroughly enjoyed it I would recommend this show for any age.Easy to follow and fabulous singing, acting and dancing. I will definitely be returning to this show asap!!
5	Never seen a musical in Vegas before, I was a bit skeptical and watching a musical because I've seen a handful of musicals before and they were just ok. My boyfriend and friends have heard great things about this musical. Our close friends have actually watched jersey boys as well and recommended it to us. So because my friends have watched pretty much all the cirque de Soleil shows and that left us with only magic shows, comedy shows, and Jersey Boys. Surprisingly the four of us. LOVED every second of it. I would totally totally recommend this show to anybody that is making a trip out to Vegas. I love the storyline and I love the old school music that the played. There is a short intermission and when I say short I mean 8 minutes. It is located in Paris. It's a small Stadium. There's a lot of older people that went to watch the show when I went. my friends and I were probably the youngest in there. I would recommend you going to the boxoffices on the strip called tix for tonight because we paid $102.00 each and got really good seats. There isn't really any bad seats but the closer you are you'll be able to see the actors/singers facial expressions a lot better.  they do sell beverages inside however you are not allowed to bring drinks or food into the show that is not purchased by them. They Do take your pictures before the show and you can purchase it as a souvenir. There's usually two showings a day. You don't have to dress up.
4	My wife and I saw the Jersey Boys show on a Thursday night and the theater was about 70 - 80% full.  We were on the aisle in the right orchestra about 16 rows back which were great seats.  The cast was great, the music was great, the cast was great as well.  Everything worked as a fine tuned machine and the show flowed seamlessly.  My only complaint is the way they try to get to you take then buy overpriced photos in the lobby, but that is easily avoided.
5	Best Musical show in Vegas.After the booth ticket person checked our tickets, we entered and gathered with other people in a large room, where you can buy cocktail drinks before the show.we took our seats (Any seat is a good seat, except for the sides of the theater) and the majority of the crowd was in their 40's or older.The show started with Frankiie......(you need to go to see it)the highest point of the show, was when the jersey boys were facing away from the crowd towards the lights and the only thing you can see is there bodies creating a halo effect  (you can actually feel the heat of the lights) of the bright lights. that part of the show made me feel like If i was the 5 member of the four seasons.overall, good time and I will see this show again!
4	The show was fun, the theater was cozy, the music brought back memories, but the foul language shock value was un called for in my opinion.  I recognize theatrical license and the attempt to portray the period, but the attempt at repeated shock value was over the top.  I would have rated it a 5 if not for that.
5	Review #200 for me - and I deliberately saved this one for that very milestone :)I've seen many a musical in my time, including in Vegas, and I have to say that I think Jersey Boys pretty much has to top the bill for all time.  This show is just absolutely incredible from end to end.For those that don't know, the show is basically the story of Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons, and so as not to give any spoilers I'm just going to say that the story line, unlike some musicals, is actually really quite engaging and pretty easy to follow.  The real milestones in the story are well accented too and cause you to leave the theater with a whole appreciation of Frankie and the Four Seasons that ordinarily you might never have despite knowing their music.The cast is great, all are phenomenal actors, dancers and singers alike, there was really no weak person to speak of.  The musical numbers were literally mind blowing, each and every one of them.  Most musicals have at least a couple of numbers you just want to be done, but not Jersey Boys, the variety and professional performance made every single song great on its own merits.Anyone visiting Vegas who has not seen this needs to go, you will not regret it, it is worth every penny of the ticket price.Generally with musicals if I buy the CD afterward that's usually a sign of major thumbs up, in this case not only did I buy it I keep listening to it over and over.  I'm even listening to it at the gym while I work out!
5	I have seen Jersey Boys on a number of occasions and each time it's better than the last. The show follows the story of The Four Seasons during their personal and professional highs and lows and their rise to stardom. Having watched the show at both Venetian and Paris and I daresay this theatre is better suited for the show. There isn't a bad seat in the house and the acoustics are good. The stars of the show sound just like the Four Seasons and impressively the actor portraying Richie Valli hits all the high notes with ease. The story has more depth than a lot of other musicals out there. They explore all aspects of the Four Seasons' story and doesn't sugarcoat the hard times they dealt with. No matter your age group or gender, this show is for you. Prices are reasonable by strip standards as well.
5	A MUST SEE MUSICAL! Btw I'm listening to Frankie Valli songs as I write this. :)I was looking for shows to see before my trip to Vegas, and Jersey Boys popped up in my search. I then recalled my parents talking about how on their last trip, this was one of the shows they saw. So, I asked them about it and they highly recommended me to see it, because it was one of the best shows they've seen. SIT CLOSEThe boyfriend isn't a huge fan of musicals, but this was one he was actually willing to see! The day of the show, we purchased our tickets for the 7pm showing and paid a little extra to sit closer to the stage. YES IT IS WORTH PAYING EXTRA TO SIT CLOSER. You're able to see the actors facial expressions, and you get to see how hard all of these actors really work!WAITING FOR SHOW BEGINWe arrived 30 minutes before showtime and spent our time waiting in the lobby, where there is a concession stand. So, get your popcorn, candy and beverages before the show! As we were waiting for the doors to the theatre to open, I had the opportunity to observe the people around us. I realized that the boyfriend and I were the youngest people standing in the lobby!! I felt a little out of place, but hey, just because I'm young doesn't mean I don't have an appreciation for songs before my time. My old soul has heard many Frankie Valli and The 4 Seasons songs before. My favorites are: Begging, Grease, and Can't Take My Eyes Off You. IT'S SHOWTIME The show started right on time, and right off the bat I was lured into the story of Frankie Valli and The 4 Seasons. If you don't know what this musical is about, it's about the story of how Frankie Valli and The 4 Seasons came to be.The singing and the acting were both all so amazing to see and hear. These actors are running back and forth, pushing and pulling props for the various scenes. Did I mention that the singing was AMAZING?? The gentleman who played the role of Frankie Valli did an amazing job! I don't know how he does it every x number of times a week, but he has a very VERY strong voice. After about an hour of performance, there is an 8 minute intermission. So, you can run to the bathroom or maybe make a run to the concession stand. I DON'T WANT IT TO ENDI was so immersed in the musical, and didn't want it to end! I wanted to listen to this talented bunch sing all night, BUT all good things must come to an end sooner or later. After they performed their last song together, all of the performers came out onto the stage to give their final bows. The audience went wild, and the clapping of hands echoed the theatre. Everyone LOVED the show, and you could see that the performers were just as happy as we were. The performers faces lit up with love and appreciation! :) CONCLUSIONI LOVED Jersey Boys, and would recommend everyone to see this musical at least once! You WILL NOT walk away disappointed. On that note, I do plan on returning to Vegas to see this musical again. Yes, I loved it that much and I prefer Jersey Boys over any cirque du soleil show in Vegas. =X HATS OFF TO FRANKIE VALLI AND THE 4 SEASONS FOR MAKING SUCH BEAUTIFUL MUSIC.
5	I had no expectations going in and came out blown away at what I just watched!!Now I was not a huge four seasons fan (not even a big musical show guy), but did enjoy the music. So I would say you had to at least "like" their music if you were to live this musical. What made this musical so great was a combination of acting, singing, stage direction, and great story line. The guy that played Frankie vallie sounded JUST like him, it was amazing! Whomever wrote and directed this was a genius, because the show moved along so fluidly and kept you intrigued every second of the way.I've since watched a handful of other top vegas shows, and this remains my all time favorite.
5	Excellent show, I highly recommend, lots if fun, Great music, excellent acting and great staging.
5	The Jersey Boys make you want to jump up and dance, sing, and the story melts your heart! These Boys have a lot of talent and I was even surprised how many of their songs I knew! They have a military discount that gives you great seats and is pretty much buy one ticket get the second one free.  There was plenty of days and show times so you don't have to fear about not getting a ticket.  This show is great for the Guys and the ladies! Don't forget to stop in their souvenir shop after I picked up a Jersey Boy T-Shirt Myself!
2	I am not sure what other shows the reviewers have seen that are raving about this show but they are way off base. This show is decent but a long ways from the best.
5	As the two people in the audience who didn't get senior discounts on our tickets, my boyfriend and I can confidently say that this musical bridges the generation gap, no problem. The writers did a seamless job of elaborating on Franky Valli's life and his journey to and from the Four Seasons. We couldn't tell fact from fiction! To me, that's the mark of a well written play.As for the musical performances, I was pulled in from the beginning. Our Franky actor had some minor voice issues in the first half, with some cracking on the difficult falsettos. The second half was spot on. There were so many songs that I hadn't realized were the Four Seasons or Franky Valli. They really had something magical for decades. It made me want to stay in those times forever! Alas. Instead I plunge back into meaningless dribble about sex and nothingness, but with a dangerously catchy beat and bass line when I turn on the radio. Smh. Go see Jersey Boys!!!
5	Fantastic!!  Went to Jersey Boys tonight and we loved it. It's a must see show. It was worth every penny, by the way we got a discount using smartervegas.com which was even better. I thought it was just signing but it's an entire production! Go see it!
5	If music from the Frankie Valli era is what moves and grooves you, I would highly suggest seeing this show!  After all, it's the story of how Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons formed.  I took my parents to see this show on one of their visits to Vegas.  My dad enjoyed the show...and even sang along to the songs!  If you know my dad, you'd be shocked, as was my mother and I.
5	This was truly an amazing show and very well done. The singers and actors all looked very close to the actual band members. That in itself was impressive, but of course the acting and the music was truly magical. I waited way too long to see this show here in Vegas and I have to say that this was as good, if not better than anything I have seen on Broadway. Job well done to the cast and crew for a top notch production.  My only complaint was that it might have been a bit drawn out, but it really told the story of the struggles this group had and the entire story that makes this a MUST SEE.  We had amazing seats in the 6th row center, which made the this show that much more special. This show used to be at the Palazzo, but is now showing at Paris Hotel and Casino.
5	the show had me smiling, clapping, singing and wanting more from the start to finish.  I recommend all from any generation to see The Jersey Boys - you will love it!
4	Jersey Boys is a great musical on the Las Vegas Strip (Paris Hotel).The box office/theater is located right across from the hotel registration so it's very easy to find. Also, there are so many good restaurants to choose from in the Paris Hotel so can have dinner before the show (if you're watching a 9:30 show like I did)!I sat in the center orchestra, maybe 5 rows from the stage. Although Le Theatre Des Artes is a pretty big theater, any seating would satisfy the viewer. I did not notice anything obstructing the views even from the Mezzanine level. Having said that, it's still nice to sit close enough to really see the actors' facial expressions.This is a two-hour show, but it did not feel incredibly long because I was fully entertained the whole time. All the actors had incredible, clear voices especially the actor who played Frankie Valli (Travis Cloer). The set-up of equipment and props on stage is very simple but ingenious. There were many moments of laughter, mostly from the typical Jersey language and attitude :) This musical got me reminiscing about the time I spent living in Jersey, especially when the actors called out names of towns and cities.
5	#1 for a reason. I've seen many shows; La Reve, Blue Man, cirque de solei shows and Jersey Boys is the best one. Great music, acting and comedy. I recommend this show to all ages. Th theatre is nice, the seats are a bit tight with the neighboring seats if you need a bit more room you might be uncomfortable but I'd still find a way to see the show because it's awesome.
5	I was so glad I purchased these tickets.. The other couple we were with were in different and gave me the feel that they would rather of been drinking and gambling but I really want to do more in Vegas so we booked it...What a wonderful pleasant surprise, my hubby who gets antsy quick absolutely loved it and followed along. Of course we knew all the songs but we were so unaware of the back story of how the Four Seasons came about.This was so well done, from lighting to stage change, to music and the talent of all in the cast, such a real gem and treat, and I do recommend seeing it.It proves that the stars of today get lucky on the exposure of a one hit wonder.... but its real stars like Frankie Valli  and the Four Seasons really makes you appreciate  true talent.AND OH YEA, the other couple who came along LOVED it..Sometimes you gotta just step out of the box...
4	I am not one to like musicals, or broadway shows, but I was satisfied with this show. More of a revue than an actual musical, but the actors and voices were top notch, pacing was quick, and there were some corny laughs.  I'm most surprised that the sound was well done. Usually in shows the lows and mids are over amp'd but in this show they know what they're doing.
5	I can't believe I ended up seeing Jersey Boys in Las Vegas (vs. New York) but thought it was well worth it.  We got tickets at Tix4Tonight .... $67/ticket for Front Mezzanine (used the $2 coupon you can get on line or in the tourist magazines).  You got a voucher that you had to take to the Paris for actual seat assignments.  Probably a little bit of runaround for the savings but we had the time.The show featured some fine actors and chronicled the rise of Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons.  I knew most of the songs (yeah!) and thought the choreography, though simple, was well orchestrated. I am not a huge theater goer ... laziness and high ticket pricing prevent my going often.  This was absolutely the perfect venue at the perfect price point.  Everyone in my party thoroughly enjoyed the show!
4	I've always seen the billboards and advertisements in New York City and always heard rave reviews about the show. It's unique having this production in Vegas as it's one of the few true "broadway-esque" shows on the strip. Of course in NYC, the culture and essence is quite different in entertainment. The different skill sets such as acting and singing take a precedence over acrobats and technological productions... *ahem* Vegas. City comparisons aside, I really did enjoy the change of pace that a true broadway musical brought to Vegas. It brings people back to earth using basic entertainment from when we can remember.  Even the set designs and use of props also provided made me feel nostalgic of how effective minimalism can be in stage shows. Pre-show, my friend and I stood in line for a few drinks and popcorn. I believe I had this fruit punch tasting drink and it was pretty great for me since it didn't taste full of alcohol, yet had me slightly buzzed. Tasty for myself though. Popcorn was a pretty small batch but maybe for the better. That alone was around $25.00 before tip. Inside the theater and yes,  immediately from the get go you'll notice that indeed there isn't a "bad seat" in the venue. Like everyone said, even being on the balcony won't be too far from the stage. I did score front mezzanine and I'm not complaining... great seats! LOL The show itself does move in a fast paced with quick dialogue that may fly over a few people's head. For myself I wasn't "hooked" to the show from the get go and it took a little time for me to get engaged. The acting was pretty good but no true standout performances. The singing is where it really shines... the lead character for Franki Valli was just phenomenal. Each time he hits that falsetto note chills literally run through my bones. Kind of makes me wonder why didn't the actor create his own lane in singing... who knows. The show runs for about 2 hours and does have a quick intermission. Really around the halfway mark is where the audience begins to invest their time into the story as the juicy details and turns begins to direct the music that accompanies the story. The comedy material wasn't gut busting laughter but I enjoyed how they were able to trickle them across the 2 hours. Also, do keep in mind when bringing kids.. there is a bunch of F bombs in the show! All in all, great show and I'm glad that Vegas does have broadway style musical to accompany all of the bizarro acts of sin city. Somewhere I feel like I would appreciate Jersey Boys to it's fullest in NYC because I'm spoiled with modern day entertainment that Vegas provides.. it's easy to lose interest in elongated storylines (which JB does have) however Jersey Boys is loaded with a pretty good cast, fantastic lead singer, and an earthly production to hold up for all 2 hours.
5	"Jersey Boys," my eyes adored you.  So did the eyes and hearts of the rest of the audience.  A definite crowd-pleaser, I've been fortunate to have seen this show twice now, both times with fabulous friends who've taken me as their guest.  If you haven't seen it, you should know that it's certainly good enough to see over and over again.  As other reviews state, this musical is the story of Franki Valli and the Four Seasons, winning four Tony awards in 2006, including Best Musical.  Even if you aren't familiar with their music, the Four Seasons' hits will entertain and you'll soon realize why they were so successful.  The whole cast is wonderful, not just the actors I've seen who've portrayed Frankie Valli, who sound just like him, but everyone else in the show is so talented, singing, dancing, and playing instruments live.  You'll be toe-tapping in your seat, hooting and applauding along with everyone else in the audience.  Confession:  I listen to the soundtrack almost daily since I saw the show for the second time last month; I think it's driving my son crazy.  Who loves you, J-Boys?  I do.* If you're so inclined to bring your kids, the ticket site cautions that there is "authentic Jersey language" in the show, so it's not recommended for children 13 or under.  Hah!  If you want to bring them, I think they can handle it if they've ever seen "authentic" American cable or any other "authentic" American movie in general with curse words.* * Clint Eastwood is directing the film version of "Jersey Boys," with a current release date of June 20, 2014.  I'm sure it will give this musical another boost in popularity; see the show first!
5	We were going to do a Cirque show but couldn't fit it in. Went to the Jersey Boys instead. WOW,  That was awesome.  Great story.  Great music.  I am so glad we ended up at this site instead.
4	Definite recommend to any Broadway or music fans.  I had not gotten around to seeing this show and was only mediocre about wanting to see it, but it was written well and flowed nicely.  Seaming together music and story telling.  I was pleasantly surprised and would see it again.  Would be a great introduction the theater to people not necessarily into theater, but more into music.
1	I am sure the show is great, the management on the other hand needs to learn about customer service. stayed at The Bellagio and their Concierge reserved 2 seats for us as The Paris Hotel's computer system was down. When we arrived to,claim the tickets and pay for them we were told our credit Card was rejected. I told them to run it again and they found that their computer was down again. Instead of having a backup plan, we were told that we could go to an ATM and get the $300 for 2 tickets. I did not bring my ATM card on vacation. So we were told sorry but not only had they given away our reserved tickets but unless we had cash, we were out of luck.Hope no one else has to go through this, it was quite a disappointment as my cousin flew to Las Vegas to go to this show.
4	The show was really good and there are not really any bad seats. We enjoyed ourselves and would recommend seeing it.
5	I enjoyed this show a lot even though I'm not into musicals, am decades younger than their core audience, and don't know most of the Four Seasons songs. I think pretty much anyone over 25 would enjoy it.
5	HIGHLY recommend you purchase tickets in advance and see the Jersey Boys.A first class production with excellent singing,dancing and renditions of all the classic Four Seasons songs.We were blown away ....I never realized their story was so great and that the drummer sang my favorite one of their songs (oh what a night) ! The ladies were lovely too ....great acting and humor as well!Go see it!
5	My wife and I recently watched Jersey Boys when we went to vegas. This show was way better than what I expected. I didn't know anything about the show prior to watching it, but after watching the show I'm a big fan! The show was great! We sat 4 rows from the front on the right side of the middle section. It was really good seats. This was our first musical we've watched so we didn't know what to expect.The show had great singing and the story line was easy to follow. They had an 8 min intermission as well to stop and go  to the bathroom or get some snacks and drinks. The theater itself had a concession stand at the entrance. My wife and I ordered some drinks and popcorn before the show. The show itself is about 2 hours long. I think they only have 1 showing at 7PM.I would recommend watching this show if you're into musicals or not. The music is great. I didn't really know what music was going to be in the show. I've heard most of the music before somewhere. The soundtrack is great even if you know the music or not.This is a great show and would definitely recommend watching it! You'll be walking out of the theater and catching yourself singing and dancing!
4	Show was great, but the language was terrible. Songs were incredible, but the frequent F bombs made me uncomfortable. Would have given five stars had it been a little cleaner. Over all, great show. Don't bring kids though.
5	Absolutely loved it. The energy, the pace, the storyline and of course the music was all amazing. This musical really delivered. Highly recommended!!!
5	Everyone loved this show and while I heard good things, it exceeded all of my expectations. If you are in Vegas, it's a must see.
5	Loved the show!  Show the movie and wanted to see the stage production!  Great!!!
5	WHAT AN AMAZING SHOW!We caught the 7:00 show last Wednesday and it was the highlight of our trip.Initially, we wanted to watch another guy group performing on the strip, but when we found out they weren't playing last week, we looked for other options.  My 11-year old pushed Jersey Boys because he saw the movie trailer and wanted to see it.  Glad to say we weren't disappointed.We bought the tickets from a discounter at the mall.  About an hour before the show was to start, we picked up the tickets from the box office at Paris Hotel where it was playing.  Jess was amazing!  Great customer service.  She really engaged us, especially my son.  I won't say we got hooked up, but she didn't want us to see our seat location until we were seated.  Were we surprised!?!?   Fourth row from the stage!It was a monster musical with great songs and an amazing cast and interesting story.  There were some songs we didn't realize we're Frankie Valli's hits and it was cool to watch his and the Four Seasons' story unfold.  We got the soundtrack and my son can't stop singing the songs!  He absolutely loved it.  We had to stop at the box office after the show to thank Jess.  Totally recommend this show.  It's one of Vegas' best.
5	We loved it!  Great show.  Loved the music.  We though it was humorous and witty.  Yes, there's a lot of cursing and F-bombs being dropped.  I think the older patrons didn't appreciate that much.  Like other reviewers said, there are no bad seats.  We chose the cheapest option in the Mezzanine and still had a great view.  "Oh what a night!"
4	Great music.  The view from anywhere in the theatre seems to be good.  Check the deals in LasVegas.com we got dinner + orchestra sitting for really good price.
5	I've seen this show three times over the past five years and I would gladly see it again. The talent is Broadway status, the music is classic, and it's great for those who enjoy old-school stuff. I think it's the best production on the strip and I hope it stays in Vegas for many more years!
5	One of the best stage shows we've seen (not just in Vegas, but anywhere).  The cast is talented, the story is great, and the time flies.  The venue is wonderful -- we had orchestra seats, center 8 rows back, so no complaints.  However, looking around, I believe there really wasn't a bad seat in the house.   With respect to the profanity, it is there, but not overdone, and in character with the story.  Exceptional in every way.
5	It was my wife's idea to go watch it and I went just to show support. I'm not a big fan of its musical era, I wasn't familiar with the band and we had just watched a musical the night before so my hesitation was, I think, legitimate.I loved the play! I'm glad we got to watch it. Even though Vegas seems monopolized by acrobatic shows, Jersey Boys is just as spectacular for its musicalization, its visual props and of course the acting. It's got all the ingredients: romance, comedy, BS, fault language.I now declare myself a fan of Frankie Valli and The Four Seasons!The theatre was a little warm, they need to crank up the AC for a sold out audience.
5	Wow. This show is a must see! I read all the reviews, and I think people exaggerate about the foul language. Yea they cuss a lot  but it's not too overpowering, plus they're singing half of the time anyway. The singing is amazing. I really wish the show had more singing and less talking. Their voices are amazing. I would definitely recommend this show, I even want to see it again!
5	Absolutely a must see.  We saw the 6:30 PM show on September 9.  Well worth the discounted price for admission.  Top performers, nice music, cool sets.  Would gladly see again and highly recommend to others (except for those offended by colorful language).
5	My husband and I are regular theater goers back home and loved this show while on vacation in Vegas. We bought tickets on the same day through one of the discount Tix4Tonight kiosks on the strip. We sat in the 7th row-great seats! But honestly, it's a small theater designed with just an orchestra section and a mezzanine (no balcony), so every seat has a great view. You can sit in the less expensive sections and still see and hear this great show. You'll have a great time and leave singing those great old songs!
4	My fav show on the Strip. About $100 per person through Ticketmaster on Sat night, seats still close enough to stage you don't miss a thing. 3rd time I saw the show, both from Palazzo to Paris, and lot of changes were made especially the casting. Not as good as before, but still enjoyable. Hope to see more Broadway show in LV.
4	If you're in Las Vegas I believe it should be mandatory to see at least one show. This time I treated my wife and parents to see JERSEY BOYS.We saw the show on Sunday 11/09/14, it was also my birthday. The show is 130 minutes and starts exactly on time.Honestly any seat you buy is a great seat. The price point for the tickets are a bargain for the entertainment you receiveTIPS:- Google for discount codes online to receive half off tix prices- Mezzanine seat views are almost as good as Orchestra in the Paris theatre.- Park on the higher levels, you can score on parking spots closer to the elevator- Eat at Mon Ami Gabi on the patio with views of the Bellagio fountains as a night capOverall, best show in Vegas next to my fave show ROCK THE VAULT at the Tropicana.
4	First, I'm not a big musicals guy. I was able to get half price tickets which made it even better but this show is enjoyable even at full price. The show lasts about two hours and does a good job of mixing singing Four Seasons songs with the stories about the band members and how they joined and in some cases left the band. My parents are fans so I grew up with their music on the oldies station in the car but had no idea about their history really. It's an interesting story and worth a look in Vegas, give it five stars if you're a hard core four seasons fan. It's an older crowd mostly and the woman in the row ahead of us must have been 80 but was rocking out.
4	I had a great time watching this musical. I highly recommend to others.  We had great seats close to the stage on the right side view. The seats were comfortable. I went after Thanksgiving and it wasn't sold out crowd at all. All the performers were fantastic. It ran about 2 hours long. The audience was clapping and whistling.
5	After seeing the touring production of Jersey Boys once or twice (or a lot of times), it was a must-do on a recent trip to Vegas.  Of course the show revolves around the story of Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons.  You get the full biography of how the band came together, and the ups and downs that went along with the group through the years.  The story is told both through narrative and song, making for an entertaining and interactive experience.Although Frankie is the star, the real driver of the story is Tommy DeVito, played brilliantly by Deven May.  You'll have to see the show for yourself to see why he's truly the lead character.  No spoilers here.The show is currently being held at Paris, and the theater and lobby area are both spacious and comfortable.  So even if you don't think you're a Frankie Valli fan (didn't think I was the first time I went), it's definitely worth seeing.
5	Simply stunning! If you are musical fan, it's a must-see for you when you are in Vegas. If you are not, the show is also worth your time and money.
4	it was pretty good. think i expected too much though. the musical numbers are great and super catchy, but i wasn't on the edge of my seat or anything.  the storyline can get kind of slow. i wish i had known that the venue is tiny, i wouldn't have paid extra to get closer seats :/
5	Fantastic show! Great music with an excellent storyline. Who knew? Felt like dancing and sitting on the edge of my seat for good things to happen to these talented young men. Surprised by all the music we recognized from this era.
5	I heard about this show for the longest time.Not being a fan of 50's music I deferred. Finally, I went.  It was AWESOME.GREAT MUSIC and VERY INTERESTING STORY.COMPELLING!!!  And Ticket prices are very reasonable.
