4	I went with a group from work after we heard that the chef Kerry Simon won on the Iron Chef show. From what I heard the slider is what took the prize. It was not on the menu. But you have to give it a try, mini frys burger and a shake. The steaks are great with lots of flavor. The cotton candy was fun it was the size of a basketball and takes you back to a little kid
4	DH and I had Christmas dinner here ('05).  The food was great - we started off with the steak tartar.  I had the meat loaf - a very decent portion, and DH had the chicken with the Tuscan Fries. We enjoyed ourselves immensely - the service was good too.  We finished it off with a warm chocolate cake and vanilla shake for dessert.  The decor was very clean and modern.  Will definitely be going there again!
4	Should be 3.5...3.5 for the food - Ahi Tuna - cooked just right, but could have used a little more pepper in the coating. The mushroom caps were a perfect compliment, but only got 2, so had to stretch them. The assortment of breads is great, esp. if you are hungry when you get there.3.5 for the wine - Decent selection of CA wines.1 for annoying bachelor party dinner happening at the table next to us. Couldn't believe that a single guy in that group had convinced someone to marry one of them.
4	I met Kerry Simon at a LV Hotel and Restaurant Show a few years ago and I also ran into him at The Taste of Las Vegas event where we had this Grilled meatloaf sandwich. Yea YU MMY....I too went here for a birthday meal. It was definitely fantastic. Apps were this medley of hummus, babaganoush, olives, etc with pita. Unique presentation on a long rectangular plate. Meatloaf was MMMMmmm good. So this place kinda brings comfort food to a whole new level. The ambiance is definitely comfortable and it's a really nice setting. Other than the other table that was filled with guys talking about Partying...eh. Freakin people. Grrrrr Dessert was FREAKIN AWESOME. A Ding Dong(fresh made of course), a Snow ball, Milkshake, practically all these old fashioned tv dinner fancy foods. So Simon is a culinary experience of comfort foods with a modern twist.
4	Simon is one of the best steakhouses in Vegas, where the service is decent and the food is superb. The only problem is that the place is so dark, that it becomes difficult to read the menu without the use of the candle light from the table. In addition, the prices are steep for your average Vegas buffet foodie, but surely worth the hassle when celebrating a special event in sin city. The restaurant's young vibe coincides with its neighboring restaurants within Hard Rock and definitely mirrors the food choices and the young staff. The crusted salmon, filet mignon are choices that have never failed me and the bread they serve melted with cheese is to die for. Best recommended for a hungry night and special occasion dining.
3	3.5I give Simon a four for my first experience there, but this last one has knocked it down to a 3.  Therefore, I have averaged the two into a 3.5.Dynamite Tuna- bomb.  A delightful blend of hot and cool temperatures, fresh yet indulgent at the same time.  Essentially, it is a layered dish that consists of a layer of rice, then cool ahi tuna, then another layer of rice, all topped with a creamy soyish type of sauce.Halibut with black currant quinoa- mediocre at best.  Very small, average blend of flavors, and the fish was dry.In addition, they were out of the "surf" part of the surf and turf dish that 3 out of 4 members of my group wanted.  They were able to subsitute crab for 2 of the dishes, but the 3rd person had to pick an entirely different dish because they ended up running out of crab as well.  The 3rd member of my group ended up ordering the short ribs which were actually quite tasty.  All in all, my first experience there was great, but it seems the organization, level of service and timing of dishes have gone down since the last time I was there, which was 5 months ago.  Decent effort.
4	Awesome!  This place has great prices for a nice Vegas restaurant.  Super easy to dine here, we made reservations via OpenTable and was seated after a short wait (I think they give everyone a mandatory 10 min. wait so you can spend some cash at the bar, he he, j/k).   I would definitely stop by everytime I'm in town.Tip#1: Make sure to order the calamari to start!Tip#2: Don't know if we got a newbie, but make sure to double-check your champagne/wine order upon presentation; we almost ended up with a $600+ Veuve Rose (in lieu of the regular $80 Veuve that we ordered) if it wasn't for my hubby paying close attention when the server presented it to him!!!
4	Kerry Simon, celebrity chef opened Simon Kitchen and Bar in the Hard Rock Hotel. This place with a patio next to the famous pool lives up to his name. There are inventive menu items that can't be beat like the Tuna Dynamite and the Meze Plate. He offers traditional steaks and chops and also lighter fare like steamed sea bass in a traditional bamboo steamer with bok choy and a great dipping sauce. You must stay for dessert here, where his idea of American Comfort Food really takes shape. Order the Junk Food Plate and you will be surprised at the carefully re created oldies but goodies that come out before your eyes. Or, be really crazy and get some cotton candy for the table!! Kerry and his laid back attitude and healthy lifestyle really spill over onto the table at his restaurant that has survived a couple years and looks forward to many more to come. Kerry, we only ask that that creative brain of yours puts more new things on the menu, as we have eaten our way through the menu many times over! What a testament to how great it is!!!
3	Simon is pretty good. I used to come here alot in 05 because one of my clients was affiliated with Kerry Simon  in other ventures. When I went there with him we always recieved top notch service; however since then when forced to dine there like any other schlub the service has been mediocre at best. On a few occasions it has almost seemed like service by committee with various things falling through the cracks. The food has always been pretty good although the scene is almost why many go there. Simon's ribeye is superb as is most of the seafood selections.
5	I dine at SIMON almost every time I am in town. The decor is stylish, dark, and discreet. As Vegas should be.The service is on-point. From the moment they seat you, servers bring you beverages, bread and ensure your comfort and satisfaction without being asked.The menu has not changed much over the years. Why? Because it doesn't have to. When you've got a good thing going, don't mess with it. In a town as dynamic and ever-changing as Las Vegas, I like to know I can rely on some consistency & SIMON provides that. Their spare-ribs: tenda'. The surf & turf: sometimes, they run out of lobster, but I actually prefer the crab claws! And the selection of dipping sauces for my steak. Mmmm. Unfortunately, my eyes are always bigger than my stomach when I come here and I want to have everything, but their bread selection always gets me at Hello...SIMON. Don't change a thing.
4	Used to go to the Simon Kitchen at Hard Rock (which I always enjoyed - great meatloaf and short ribs) which closed and is now Ago, tried the new Simon Kitchen at The Palms for sunday brunch.Sunday brunch was very good - waiters and some patrons in pajamas, casual, nice feel, nice interiors and view of a pool.Menu is very creative, which is a hallmark of Kerry Simon.  For adults, the crispy rice sushi was excellent, as was the boiled shrimp, frosted flakes coated french toast and other interesting options.  All-you-can-drink champagne and mimosas was a nice add-on as well.  For kinds, some fun items - peanut butter and jelly 'sushi' rolls, mickey mouse pancakes, and other items.Dessert plate is the hallmark of the chef - the contemporary gourmet versions of hostess cupcakes, cotton candy, chocolate chip cookies, brownies, milkshakes and other child sweets memories.Service was very good, between the table service for kitchen items, and the buffett service for smoothies, sushi, paninis and other items.At the hostess area when leaving, there is a fun rack of all kinds of candies - not my thing but my wife and child liked it,  Ran into Kerry Simon in this area when leaving, he was very pleasant (as always) and said hi and spoke to my child for a few minutes,Recommended for the quality of food, service and the creativity of the menu, design and experience.  Lots of fun.
4	Great brunch.  Both buffet and made to order.Main dining area is very loud and trendy.  Kinda cute as Sundays are pajama day for the servers.  The next room past the fireplace is great if you want to hear each other and have a conversation.$20 all you can drink mimosa or bloody mary's.  They make the bloody marys to order - and BACON is an option!
