4	So I am giving 4 stars to start because I have only done spin so far.  However first impressions are excellent.  I was a bit nervous about the crowd I am a "curvier" girl and was happy to see not everyone a rock hard scottsdale body but I was pleasantly surprised how all shapes and sizes were there and how friendly everyone was I even made a new friend and hopeful work out buddy!!!!So the run down; one stop shop for all the boutique gym you have memberships too (Hot Yoga, Flow Yoga, Yoga, Spin, TRX, Barre, Boxing, HIIT and Crossfit)  Really the only thing missing is Pilates.  I have always wanted to try Barre but with already having one $150 membership I hadn't tried for fear of liking too much and I don't need to spend $300 on two boutquie studios, but now I don't have too.I did spin today and took Stephanie's class with DJ Shadow, I have personally always been a huge fan of Stephanie's spin class and I was happy to see Wendy will be teaching she has great music.  The bikes for one are not La Mond and have the multi hand positions and ride a lot like soul cycle bikes for those of you out there like me that are a sucker for SC.  Spin room had great air flow with cubbies if you don't want to use the locker room (more on that later)  Room is dark with some low lighting and a DJ booth.  I am sold and can't wait to try some of the other teachers.Tomorrow I am trying Hot Yoga however I bet that I will probably ended up in the regular yoga or Heat Flow, but I figured I would give it a shot, I am really hoping it is slower and like Bikram with music, if so I will probably be doing everyday.Juice Bar:  I tried the Hangover and LOVED it, juice bar is straight forward Juices and Smoothies.  You can pre order as well.  Locker Room:  YEY!  a place to get ready, open space with two showers and a space to do hair and makeup, towels provided.  Price:  I signed up for unlimited $110, from my understanding they will increase roughly $10 for every 500 or so memberships until they end up at their final membership price around $150-ish.  Location:  Parking is going to be the largest challenge, your best bet is to go straight for the garage or in my case just ride my bike the mile.  I am hopping that because most classes are mornings and evenings during the week parking won't be awful, however weekends and holidays with the mall open might be tight.  Cons:  Wish they had some hot breakfast items and maybe salad or sandwiches you can gran on the go.  to be honest I am not sure if they might have this in there future plans already.  Although they do offer nutritional services and might take them up on it.Overall I am really excited to attend some more classes and hopefully update to 5 stars.  Will keep you posted as I try the other classes.
3	For the price you can belong to Lifetime, and have an entire state of the art facility at your disposal. Here you get a nice facility but classes only (no cardio or other equipment) for MORE a month than a swanky full service fitness center. Also, they are using the same class instructors that I see regularly at Lifetime and 24hour fitness, so nothing out of the ordinary there. The class offerings are nothing out of the ordinary either: Crossfit, Cycle, Yoga, HIIT. Overall, I just don't find the concept all that impressive. I feel like if you are into crossfit, you go to a crossfit gym, if you are into yoga, you go to a yoga studio, and if you want all different classes, you go to a full service fitness center that offers those classes and then some.
4	I've already become a "citizen" based on the opening few days.  I've taken spin, yoga, crossfit and Barre and loved them all. The instructors are high energy, very friendly.  The staff is attentive and helpful.  I love the options and times.  I can now get my crossfit and spin without paying two memberships!  The facility is beautiful and high tech.  The attendees are all ages and sizes, not a meathead or barbie style gym.  Love it!
4	One of the biggest benefits to a boutique studio is the quality of the instructors.  At Fit Republic, so far I have taken 4 classes and found all of the instructors to be awesome!  As a person that really likes to mix up my workout routine, I love having so many top-notch classes to choose from with knowledgeable and motivating instructors.  So far I have taken Spin, Barre/TRX, HIIT and Boxing and I left the classes feeling challenged and excited to do it again. I'll be taking yoga this week as well.   I'm looking forward to trying the Crossfit fundamentals class as Crossfit has always intimidated me!  The facility is gorgeous and I love how each room gives you a totally different feel.  You can tell the owners put a lot of thought into each room and focused on giving the customers a quality experience.  The locker rooms are a really nice place to get ready for your day when you are on the go with gorgeous showers and plenty of space.  I love that I can preorder my smoothie from the juice bar and have it ready for me as class gets out.  My only complains are that they don't rent/sell cycling shoes or heart rate monitors.  I would definitely utilize both rental options.  They also didn't have enough boxing gloves for everyone, which slowed down the pace of the class.  Overall, I am a happy new citizen!
4	Absolutely in love with Fit Republic so far!  The facility is gorgeous, the staff is super friendly and you can tell they're all excited to help open the place and connect with the community.  The past three days I've taken spin, HIIT, and barre.  Depending on what boutique studios you have been to around the Valley, the classes may not entirely live up to your expectations.  I was a little disappointed in the barre class - it seemed disorganized with no real flow, it was difficult to see/hear the instructor because of the room's layout, and there was no emphasis on form which is really key for this workout.  I have done a lot of barre workouts so it made less of a difference to me, but could completely see how some people may not return if that was their first barre experience.  On the other hand, some friends tried barre for the first time this weekend and loved it - so maybe lack of expectations is a benefit!  The Spin class was great (although I wish there were mirrors at the front and that the rooms were darker) - I am a Spin freak - my only gripe is that the bikes are horrible to adjust, I wish they had LeMonds.  Someone needs to be available (in addition to the instructor) to help people get set up, especially if they are new to Spin - a poorly fitted bike will make or break your ride and you could tell a lot of people in my classes were new and had no idea how to adjust or fit the bikes.  It would be also awesome if they rented spin shoes - again, something that I highly promote for all spinners that makes a huge difference on your ride!  The HIIT class was amazing (take Kenyatta's class!) and this weekend was able to watch a few other HIIT classes in session and can tell all the instructors all lead different types of work outs.  Excited to check out some of the other classes like TRX, boxing, and even though I am keeping my membership at a different hot yoga studio, I want to check out both of their yoga studios as well.  With all of that being said, I am already a "citizen" and am amped about it.  I have had ongoing combinations of memberships to other boutique studios for spin, yoga, or barre which have cost more individually than one month at Fit Republic alone where I can get them all, so joining was a no brainer for me.  Some of my fav instructors from around the Valley were brought on board and let's be honest - many of these instructors have a "following" for a reason - because they are amazing!  I have never belonged to a "traditional" gym, but would venture to say that the classes and instructors are not nearly on the same level as the classes offered at Fit Republic.  If classes offered at a gym are just a bonus for you, I can see why it may not be the best fit, but if you love the quality and community of a boutique studio and thrive in group settings, Fit Republic is the way to go.The locker rooms are gorgeous and I would actually feel comfortable getting ready there after a class - lots of space, four showers, and you can tell it will be well maintained/cleaned throughout the day.  The Cafe is awesome - great smoothies/juices - and has a lot of tables so you can hang out before and in-between classes.  The Cafe is in the center of the five rooms - most you can see into - so it's neat to see what the other classes are like before actually checking them out.  If you're going during mall business hours, definitely allow some extra time to park.  Only reasons I am at four stars and not five are the bikes and the barre class.  Everything else - staff, facility, class schedule, pricing, cafe, instructors - all get five stars!  A few friends of mine have already joined this weekend as well and let's just say...we are actively recruiting and poaching our friends that belong to other studios to come to the dark side with us! ;)
4	BARRE- Loved Alexa's Barre class.  I generally do Pure Barre and this was much more difficult and I left feeling like I got a great workout.  I also took Allison's class, not quite as hard, wish it was a little more difficult.  I would like if both instructors did arm work too.  SPIN-  its okay, but wish the room was darker, there were mirrors on the front wall, and the bikes were LeMond (what the Madison Improvement Club uses).. much better quality.  Some instructors are much more up-beat than others.  Holly & Stephanie are great.  Lastly, wish the instructors gave more guidance on the resistance and used it more often in class.  I haven't tried any of the other classes yet, but hopefully will soon.
5	Great concept!! I love that you can take any class (spin, cross fit, HIIT, yoga, and many more) all in one place.
3	I tried out their Spin class and thought the gym itself was great, however, I hated the bikes.  I probably won't be back unless they switch their bikes to LeMond.  During a "sprint" my bike actually lifted and tilted forward.  Other than that, great concept but need new bikes.
5	Seriously, going to Fit Republic is the best part of my day. To start, all the ambassadors are so friendly and go out of their way to develop a sense of community and encourage members to socialize... plus it's so conveniently located!I originally joined intending to utilize ALL the different classes they offer, but the hot yoga instructors have just all blown me away! Ryan R. & Paul S. offer a truly amazing experience for any yogi.On top of that, the great locker rooms are perfect to get ready in when I don't have time to run home, and the selection of Lucy & Spiritual Gangster is awesome!! FR has really done an awesome job making this a gym i WANT to be at every day
5	This neighborhood fitness location is great. The people are super nice and the atmosphere is very upbeat. I am to have found a place to do both spin and yoga. I recommend going during the day when the classes aren't that busy and its awesome because the instrustors really get to give you extra attention. I actually had a spin class with just me and the instructor the other day. I will definetly be taking more of Randy's classes in the future as he is very motivational and provide a great soundtrack for your rideI was concerned about parking but have never had any trouble finding parking. Truly an amazing Place that I wish I would have discovered earlier!
5	Could have more weekend classes. But so convenient, awesome instructors. It's gorgeous. Awesome concept. Amazing customer service!
5	I love this place!  When you walk in you are warmly greeted by the front desk.  You then head upstairs and are immediately blown away by this place.  I have been a member for 3 months now, and it continues to amaze me.  Page, the GM, got to know me right away and has really helped make this experience fantastic.  The club gets better everyday, and the concept is really unique.  Love the classes, instructors, concept, staff/management, and everyone I know will be coming here soon!
