2	So on my solo journey today I decided to stop in here and look for a "find" for my spare room. I was excited at first when I saw all kinds of beautiful furniture and accessories everywhere. They resell used pieces from hotels, liquidations, and personal properties. All I can say was WOW...it was EXPENSIVE! I am pretty sure that you can purchase most of those pieces brand new for the same, or maybe even a better price. I was so floored. On a positive side, they do carry some unique pieces. I am sure that you can negotiate the price as well.
2	By first look this place is amazing. But when you really start checking things out you see how expensive it is. They do have some cool things but the place is so jam packed it's impossible to see everything. I went in looking for a TV table & never was asked if I needed help or anything.
4	This place like many consignment stores is a hit or miss depending on the day.  I will caution  you, if you see a piece you like buy it, their inventory goes fast.  They also have a jewelry case with estate items in there make sure to check it out.I would be careful with prices and do some comparative shopping before you head in there.  I found some items over valued.  Also always ask if they can do better on a price.  If the item has been sitting there for a while, there might be some wiggle room on price.
1	Stay away from this rip of place, store manager lady is one of the worst manager I ever met, customer service zero, no common sense, and be aware, prices are high its even better to buy new furniture then used one here.
2	While this place has some interesting cool furnitures , the price is a rip off and very , very over priced for used furniture. You're better off going to cost plus and buy new world furnitures or swap meet or garage sales.
1	I went to purchase a shelf today. The lady who rang me up was unfortunately rude. Honestly, I'm new to Las Vegas and my husband deployed last week. My experience there left me upset and emotional and I was really surprised at her nastiness over a very small misunderstanding (her misunderstanding since I've since checked and it should not have been a problem). I will not go back.
