3	For those students based around King's Buildings this might be the place for you.  It's recently been refurbished and now looks the part.  No more does it feel like some shabby social club - its now a modern and up to date pub.Many people like to come here for lunch - and I have heard good things about the food.  It is, however, a bit pricier than anywhere else you might visit.  My personal reason for visiting here is for the football.  King's Buildings has many good places to work in the evening, KB Centre for one, and this is the perfect place to finish up before going home.  If there's a football match on in the evening, it's likely to be on here and it saves you the hassle of finding a pub after working and rewards you with cheap prices.  At half time you can catch a game of pool at 50p a game - there really is no better place to unwind near King's Buildings.It is important to look out for any posters announcing up and coming events to be held here.  They hold a quiz night here on Tuesdays and there are many similar activities here through the week.  All such activities will be advertised there so if you ever pay a visit keep your eyes open.In addition to this, students can also play sports here which is not a greatly advertise fact.  On offer are squash and badminton courts with a gym that is smaller, but also cheaper than the main University gym - plus it might be in a more ideal location for those based at King's.
3	Kings Buildings is a place I tend not to go to. I have nothing against the place, but it is just due to the fact I have no classes there. However, a couple of times I have wandered down to give its student union a try.Compared to Potterrow, it is pretty small, but compared to Pleasance bar it is of a similar size. There is a main area where students can get hot and cold meals (similar menu to Pleasance). It has lots of seating areas and has recently been given a face lift.Next door to this main area is a games room with a couple of pool tables and quite a few games machines. I have to say, it might be a small area, but compared to Teviot, the pool tables are in better working condition!A decent union, has everything a student needs during a busy day!
