5	Beautiful spa, and great service!  Best pedi in town.
5	Best nail salon in town!!! Free valet, wine, soft drinks what more can you ask for. And they are open seven days a week!!!
5	I decided to change my nail salon because I was unhappy with my current one due to the fact they just stopped cleaning everything and the place was a disaster!!! (by VONS)I live in Anthem and Happy Nails is close. SO GLAD I TRIED THEM OUT!! :)It was the best nail salon experience ever!! The place is super clean, no clutter, and the owners are awesome!! I laughed the whole time. I am referring all my friends!!If you live in Anthem/Henderson you need to be going to Happy Nails!!
5	My favorite nail place!!! Brand new!!  I've been going to Eric for years and now he and his wife have their own salon ~ about time!!Very clean and nice furniture.  There is free valet and they offer softdrinks, water and WINE!!  Eric is a blast ~ will keep you laughing and he's super quick and does an awesome job. His wife Tanya is just as good, sometimes even better!! lol  I refer all my friends b/c it's worth it.They are just hands down good at their job.  I love how my nails look each time.  And trust me I'm super picky about who I go to.  Haven't found a good nail guy/girl for a long long time.  But now I have it!  I get gelish done nowadays.. no more acrylics!! They have a big selection of the gelish colors.  Also right next to Firefly!! Love that place too. :D
5	I just started going to Happy Nails after reading all of the positive reviews and I have to agree with them. The salon is very clean and all of the technicians are very friendly. I have been using Eric, he is the owner, and I could not be happier.  He has a wonderful sense of humor and does a great mani/pedi.  I highly recommend  this nail salon.
5	I would give Vincent 6 stars if I could. Service is excellent, beautiful interior. This salon is amazing.  I love it!
5	Hilarious, friendly people that do wonderful work! Will definitely be coming back the next time I'm in the area!
5	Feels amazing to relax after a hard semester of school!!! This salon is super clean and the staff is so friendly! Eric gave a bomb massage! I felt pampered. If I lived in Vegas and this wasn't a fun vacation trip, I'd be here regularly.
5	Walked in and asked for a plain manicure. Was taken in immediately. Treated with great respect and kindness. Facility very clean. Would return in a heartbeat.
5	If you want a clean and professional nail salon, then come here! Eric and his wife own the salon and did all the interior work. The places looks fabulous! When I need to relax after a long day in the office, I come here and see Holli! She has been my nail lady for two years and doesn't miss a beat. She can do any design from Pinterest I show her and she does it with such precision and perfection. I will follow her anywhere she goes but this place is by far the best. Did I mention they serve wine?
4	Very friendly atmosphere here. I used to go to Vos Nails on St. Rose and Eastern but since they moved to a smaller unit in the same shopping center, it's nearly impossible to get in as a walk-in. At Happy Nails I was greeted and seated immediately. The man who did my spa pedi was friendly and spoke English! He did a great job and the pedi lasted for about a month even with wearing closed-toe shoes. I will definitely be back.
2	I came into Happy Nails today with my friend to get her nails done.  I was not planning on doing anything with my nails and after a while I decided to get a fill and just a simple purple nail polish instead of gel. I'm not sure what the mans name that did my nails  was but he did a horrible job. Not only did he do a horrible job but he was very rude. When I sat down, I simply told him I want my nails the same shape and same length and just wanted a fill. He did the complete opposite. He continued to shorten them after I told him twice not to. He did my right hand first and while he started doing my left had, I looked at my right one and noticed a few things I did not like so I ask him nicely and said " could you please fix my thumb and index finger after you are done with my left hand?" He's reply was very rude. He said "hold on I am not done". I waited until he was done and asked him nicely again. It seemed like he got more rude every time I said something. Finally, I got very fed up with his attitude and bad customer service. I told him there is no need for him to be mad. And he started to file my nails very aggressively. I could not take anymore so I moved my hand away and told him I did not want to continue my service with him. I also said this was the worst customer service experience and I will never come back to him again. After I said that he looked at me and said " good I will never do your fucking nails again" I than got up and sat back next to my friend. The man came up to me again and told me to pay 17 dollars. I told him I wouldn't pay because of his horrible service. He than said he wanted to break my nails off and brought over some sort of kit. I'm guessing it had the tools to remove the nails. He got very close to my face pointing his finger at me. I then told him to get his finger out of my face and that I wasn't paying him anything.  He then walked away calling me a bitch and fliped me off in front of all the customers and employees in the salon. He said it again and went in the back room the whole time I was there. I was very surprised that any employee would call a customer names, flip a customer off or treat them so badly. This all gave me the worst impression, also having it be my first.  When he walked into the back, Eric , the owner of happy nails apologized on the other mans behalf. He was very nice and made me feel much better. He then sat me down and fixed my nails to made them look straight and tried his best to make them how I wanted. They were shorter than I wanted because of the horrible job the other man did but Eric still made them look nice. He also gave me free gel color as an apologie. I only paid 17 for my filling. I would come back for Eric ! He was great but I think having people with bad customer service work there will really make his salon look bad.
5	Best pedicure I have every had!  The salon is very clean and friendly. On negative is that I didn't start getting my pedicure until 25 minutes after my appointment. They pay close attention to detail with my feet. The longest and most relaxing calm and foot massage I have every had. They must of worked on each leg for at least 5 minutes. Will definitely be back.
1	The WORST nail salon experience since moving to Henderson in October! Here's why:My young daughter and I came in as walk-ins about 6:30pm and were promptly told that they close up at 7pm. When I asked if they would have time for two full mani/pedis, they said YES. We picked out polish and were seen fairly quickly.Anyone who has had their nails done anywhere is used to the fact that the salon workers will occasionally speak their native language (Vietnamese here). What I did not like about this place right off the bat was that the salon workers carried on loud, lengthy conversations in Vietnamese without any regard for their clients. It was obvious that they were talking a lot of shit about their clients in the salon. It was an uncomfortable, unpleasant experience. I was raised bilingual, and was always taught that speaking a foreign language in front of people who can not understand it was RUDE. Plain & simple. My young daughter picked out some trendy polish for her nails & toes. She was on the verge of tears when she left the salon because the nail tech was rough with her and told her that she didn't like her color choices and that they were ugly. WTF?! Who tells a kid that??? Last time I checked, the client picks whatever they like. Way to treat a future client! I was really upset that my daughter was treated this way. My manicure tech was rough and caused two of my fingers to bleed. My gel french manicure was ok, but it had a couple noticeable mistakes in the tip polish. Attributed to pure laziness and rushing to close up and go home. My pedicure was the only thing that looked decent, however, rather than being allowed drying time inside the salon, we were rushed to pay and rushed out. My toes were not dry when I left the salon. Honestly, NOT worth the money I paid.I will not be back to this salon and I will be letting all of my friends, family and co-workers know why. Pure shit. I will be making the drive to North Vegas to my favorite salon. It's worth it and I should have never left for something closer.
5	they took us on a holiday weekend and we had a great time! our nails look great and we are already looking at when we can go back! ;-)
5	This is my second time in Happy Nails, and I will definitely be returning. I have loved the pedicure massage and gel manicure both times. I am getting married in Michigan and I will only get my nails done here! Customer service is great and atmosphere is fun and welcoming. Love!
5	Awesome service :)! Got a pedi and they took such good care of my feet :)! Staff is super friendly! Def recommend this place! Will be back!
5	Best pedi that I've had in a VERY long time.  I love that they take appts. and keep appts!  My pedi lasted quite a while and I didn't feel rushed at all, it was very relaxing!My husband didn't enjoy his pedi as much, he said he technician was distracted and not very thorough...
5	Another fabulous experience at Happy Nails! I don't know how anyone can have a bad experience here. Everyone is always in a good mood, very friendly, and professional. My pedi was wonderful as always! I have made an appointment with Tanya every visit, and her work is consistently great. My friend has had a different technician each time, and her experience has been consistently good, too. Happy Nails is my go to nail salon. Thanks again for a great experience!
5	This is definitely an up scale place. The shiatsu pedicure chairs are some of the best I have sat in. They serve you red or white wine with your treatments. They were very friendly and quite the perfectionist about their work. My pedicure and nails were done to perfection. The deluxe pedicure was great. They rubbed and scrubbed for so long that we all almost fell asleep in our chairs. I also had my legs waxed and the woman was so gentle and the wax didn't even hurt. She said it was a milk wax. When she was finished she went over my legs with tweezers, very thorough.
2	I am so torn about this review.  I went to this salon with my best friend who loves this salon and goes every 2 weeks and thinks they are amazing.  I had a horrible experience here.  I had an appointment at 12:00pm.  I admit that I was 5 minutes late, but I wasn't put in my chair for the pedicure until 12:20p.  The owner started my pedicure and everything was going well until she started scrubbing my feet.  She was so rough it felt like my feet were burning and being rubbed raw.  Then she did the message part of the pedicure and it hurt, it was not nice and relaxing at all.  Today I have bruising all up and down my legs from her "message."  Then she had another woman paint my toes and do my manicure.  I really liked this lady.  She was sweet.  I had her do gel on my toes with a little heart design on my big toes.  I also got a gel manicure and a chevron design on my ring fingers.  It all turned out pretty good.  I wouldn't recommend getting a design done though.  It cost me $80 for the gel manicure and pedicure, $10 for the "design" which was not told to me upfront, and then I tipped the girl that painted my toes and did my manicure $10.  So $100 for the whole thing.  We finally left at 3pm.  It was the longest I have ever been at a nail salon.  I have no idea why it took so long.  I guess she just took her time to make it look as good as possible but 3 hours is a bit much for me.  I will never go back to this salon.  I will stick with my CC Nails right down the street at Silverado and Eastern.
1	not so happy nails. The man doing my nails was on the phone most the time he was doing my nails and didn't listen to the nail shape or length I wanted then refused to take them off when I didn't like them. The nails have an irregular shape and are not even in texture. I had to go to another shop to have them fixed. The new ownership at this establishment is no good. It honestly looks like my nails were done by a beauty school dropout.
4	Went in last night to check things out since new owners. Everything is just fine. The salon is still the cleanest one in town. I think everyone in there could be a little more friendlier and be more up beat, but the person that did my nails was nice and they look great. I also got a pedicure and turned out great to.
4	Great place to get flawless gels!!! Love Kenny! He always exceeds every expectation that I have! Prices are awesome and it's a really chill salon! Never too busy always get right in.
1	I'm not sure what has changed here...but it HAS changed.The last two times that I had my nails done (pink and white), I left very unhappy.  My nails are a HOT MESS.  Apparently they can handle pedicures, but my nails are beyond jacked up.  I'm not going back ever again.OH - and one more thing, why do they always have football on both televisions every single time I've been there? Newsflash: I'm trying to have a relaxing experience and I don't want to watch FOOTBALL!
1	I live about 2 miles from the salon. I used to do my nails (acrylic and gel) with Christine, who was the only one there that knew what she was doing. She was perfect!  After 1 year, she left. I tried with 3 different people, but all these 3 times I went there I spent 2 hours each time, because they had to redo my nails again. It was horrible, the gel looked like it was done by a child and the acrylic was not even on the sides of my nails. Every time they tried to fix it, it got worse. Don't waste your time and money there. They are not good professionals.  They can't do art on the nails either.
1	This use to be my favorite place to escape to and enjoy but things have DEFINITELY CHANGED THERE! My mom and I were disrespected the minute we walked through the door! I called to make an appointment in the morning to make sure they had availability. When we arrived, I had to repeat my name and type of treatment we were scheduled for 4 times even though I saw my name scribbled on the spread calendar! He then GRABBED my hand and asked, "Why do you want a full set?" I'm very disappointed in the new management and will be taking (along with many others) my business elsewhere.
5	I absolutely love this place! Holly is wonderful and everyone there is very friendly and professional. I have never had a bad experience, and they always do their best to fit me in even, when they are busy. I'm always pleased with my manicures, pedicures, waxing and fills when I am doing acrylics ... Many thank you's to each of you at Happy Nails!
5	Wow, perfect birthday! On last Friday, after working time and running some errands, i had to come back home to prepare for my birthday party. Frankly i didn't have so much time but my nails- it's time to make something new, i came across Happy Nails at 5 pm, i got gel manicure. The lady who did my nails, she helped me choose the color, my finger's quite short, so it's not easy to choose the suitable color. But you know, it's perfect, at least for me. She tried to do it as quick as possible but very meticulously. I came back home at 6 pm, my husband had done everything,  he loved my nails and we really had the wonderful moments together. Thank you, Happy nails, you made my day!
5	Great place, clean and accommodating. I go to Sarah for nails. She doesn't talk much which I prefer sometimes.
5	Just lucked up on this place and decided to get a mani/pedi.  My nails were done by Kelly, she speaks perfect English  and is so friendly. I also found out she was new to Happy Nails but not new as a manicurist, which was obvious because my pedicure which she did first was on point! She also did a rockstar gel manicure for my nails and everywhere I go people want to know who did my nails. Check it out!
3	I was seated immediately without an appointment which was great but I could not communicate with my artist at all.  So much so that I couldn't let her know that I wanted a color instead of clear over my white acrylic.  I tried and tried but it wasn't happening.  She cut me many times and it hurts a lot right now to type.  My nails took quite a while compared to some other places and don't look that great.  Of course they're solid white which looks pretty dumb but also the shape isn't too consistent and they look so thin that they might break soon.When it was almost over she quoted me $35 for solid white nails with no colored polish.  I told her the website said $27 so she said that white powder costs $5 extra.  I said why but she didn't understand and said "OK, $30."  I got my old nails removed which costs $5 so I said that was fine.I usually go to Nail Bar LV but I wanted to save some money.  You get what you pay for.
5	I loved my experience here! I called in on a Friday afternoon to see if they accepted walk-ins and sure enough they did. I got a gel manicure (for $35 with a mini design) and  it came out great! I think I will definitely come here regularly!
5	I love this place it's so clean plus they serve their clients wine:) Holly is amazing !
5	I'm the pickiest girl ever!!! I'm from Cali and I have my nail girl out there and have been to at least 3 ppl in vegas and finally found "T" at Happy Nails OMG he's the bomb/the BEST ever! love him more than my girl in Cali lol sorry but it's the truth..
