5	This kid can wash!!!!He does an excellent job on all of my vehicles. My bike is always in show condition as it should be when I ride a bike that gets a ton of looks. My cars are the same. He is reasonably priced and at times, I wonder about hwo he is able to provide such a service for the price that he charges. Call this company. You will be happy you did.
5	excellent service and prices. local event promoters and retailers use Two Boxers at their bike nights, open houses, and other special events because the quality of the service brings value to the event and reflects favorably on the retailer and event promoter. you will be satisfied too!
5	Great service! My vehicles look amazing. I highly recommend Justin and his service!Robert V.
5	Excellent!!!! He came to my place and detailed my Yamaha R1 an my dirty super moto husky.  He did such a great job. The kind of work I thought only I would do with my own bikes.  I usually do them but sometimes life gets busy. It's nice to know someone takes the time to do every little detail I do. 100% happy and will use and recommend him over and over :-) *A true ride so he 'gets it' ;-) thank you!
5	quick, efficient, friendly and reasonable prices.  I  recommend this company to all my friends.
5	Great service, excellent detail job and good value. Arrived early and put in work!! Found his reviews on Yelp helpful. Quick response and will use again!!
5	Reasonable prices, great work, nice attention to detail. You get what you pay for. I highly recommend.
5	Super excellent detailing to perfection! This  awesome dude came out to my worksite while I was catering pastries to 3000 people. Very fast and always efficient! My 2012 cbr 600rr never looked so sexy ;)
5	Very pleased with Justin! Showed up on time, worked very hard, and the results were well worth the money :) Highly Recommend!!!  Definitely going to be a repeat customer. I added a pic of my truck after it was finished. Thanks, Justin!
5	5.0 star rating4/24/2014I needed a fast detail at the last minute for my Shelby Cobra.  I called Justin and he rearranged his schedule and rushed over.  He did a great job.  He was fast, professional, and careful with my car.  Definitely someone I feel comfortable referring to others.  3 of my employees are having him come back tomorrow to wash their cars.  Give him a call, you will be glad you did.
5	Excellent job on an interior detailing. $60 total. Punctual as well, which is always great. Took about 60minutes total to complete the job. Would definitely use again!!!
5	Two boxer mobile detailing is the best in my book. Justin the owner goes out of his way to make you happy and does a awesome job on my cars and motorcycles. If you want the best call the best. Thanks Justin for all your hard work you will always have my business
