5	Mostly agree with the other poster. It's not so much a sketchy part of town as it is just plain old Central Phx. It's the West Side, but not the Wessyde! if you know what I mean.The best pho in town, hands down. Pho is a vietnamese specialty - a noodle soup that comes with a large plate of fresh herbs that are torn up and put in the soup.  The rice paper wrapped spring rolls and thin crispy egg rolls are great. The decor is plain but the food is fresh, inexpensive, and outstanding.  Don't even bother with the chinese dishes - they're plain and not the focus of the place, unless you're going to order Chinese broccoli in which case go ahead.The soups are delicious. Great broth, either pork with egg noodle or beef with rice noodle. The duck soup is also superb. Better than a lot of Pho joints I've been to in Socal, and that's saying a lot! It's family owned and run, they are very nice hardworking people, and they go out of their way to make you feel welcome. Some of the beverages are great - Pennyworth, young coconut, and of course the french press coffee with condensed milk, a Viet staple. Look on the menu for #72 or #78, forget which, which is ground beef wrapped in grape leaf and grilled - it comes with a plate of herbs, rice noodle with sauce and peanut, some dipping sauce, and dry flat rice noodle type disks that you dip in hot water, put in your hand, and assemble the beef, herbs, rice noodle, etc, inside of.
5	Maxim's is definitely one of my favorite Central Phoenix food dives--the ambiance of course being cheapo Chinese cafe decor, complete with Buddhist shrine in the corner! But then--Maxim's isn't REALLY a Chinese restaurant, it's one of the best pan-Asian dives in town. And I DO mean a dive--it's in a fading strip mall at Osborn Road and 19th Avenue which also houses other Asian businesses. Hold your nose if you park too close to the dumpster and run in fast ...but then again, I'm known as the Queen of the Ethnic Dives [I'm still mourning the loss of Ramon's Mexican Restaurant and Roman's four-dollar lunches!], so tacky and tasteless settings just egg me on to see what's between the tired old covers.The pho is to die for!! I love to take my time and eat it up slowly. Problem is, I'm usually only here for lunch these days since I no longer live within walking distance of Maxim's. But since ALL the food is fab, that's not a problem.Try the exquisite spring rolls, which pack a punch at like 1/3 the price of a spring roll order at one of those trendy places in Scottsdale or Kierland or any of those other yuppie-type places. One of my faves is the lunch menu: pretty much anything you want off the regular menu [minus pho] for like seven bucks. You'll be rolling back to the office but what the heck, you'll not need to eat again for a long while...The verdict: Maxim's is guilty of charged of serving a great Asian meal for not a lot of money....punishable by lots of business by hungry Phoenicians.
4	I get the skinny on good Vietnamese from my father and he says Maxim is the best when you want Mi, the pork broth soup with egg noodles, wontons, barbeque pork, shrimp and the fixin's. He took me there and he's right. It is the best Mi soup in the Valley, if Dragonfly (in Mesa) doesn't give it some good competition.I have to be honest and say that I haven't tried anything else, but I can tell you that SO MANY Chinese/Japanese restaurants of Maxim's caliber are really owned and run by Vietnamese. Deb K. is so right on this one--I can attest that the Chinese name and food is there to attract business. The real deal is the Vietnamese soup--the Mi. Those clever Vietnamese...It's not very pretty, which others have stated, but if you can handle the sub-par cleanliness and decor in exchange for an amazing, albeit cheap bowl of soup, please do. It's definitely a Yelper's kind of place.
4	Hubby and I wanted to try someplace new to us tonight without breaking the bank, and Maxim's, thanks to Yelp, had been on our radar. It IS a dive, but the food is very good and the staff, who somehow knew that we had never been there before, told us how we should eat our spring rolls and what to add to all of our other dishes. The spring rolls were probably our favorite thing- well seasoned and delicious, we wrapped them in lettuce, mint and cilantro, drizzled the provided dressing, and chowed down. Mint in savory dishes is a new flavor for me- and I found that I really liked it. We shared a huge bowl of egg drop soup, which unlike most egg drop I have had, contained tofu squares and water chestnuts. Not my favorite, but Hubby enjoyed it more. We got what is one of our standard Asian menu items- dry sauteed chow fun (they called it something different). The smokiness of the beef reminded me more of Silver Dragon's preparation, but it wasn't exactly the best we've had. We both preferred the dish that the waitress suggested- with BBQ pork, noodles, a finely chopped "salad" underneath, a sliced spring roll on top, and dusted with peanuts- very fresh tasting.The culinary surprise of the evening was the avocado shake. Hubby insisted, being a shake junkie, and even after he got burned on his salty fresh coconut drink. It was really very good- it tasted vaguely "green", lightly sweet, and very refreshing. The waitress insisted that next time, we need to try the tomato and the carrot. They also had a few other exotic fruit flavors, including durian, which even Andrew Zimmern (of Bizarre Foods on the Travel Channel) can't manage to choke down. So maybe not that one for me...Overall, we really enjoyed Maxim and will for sure be back to try more dishes, but decided that Gourmet House of Hong Kong is still our gold standard.
3	Tried it today based on a recommendation from a Vietnamese friend of mine. The food was pretty good, but seemed a little skimpy on the vegtables and meat. Of course noodles and rice are extremely abundant. I ordered the #41 Bun with egg roll, and to my surprise had hardly any lettuce, sprouts, onions, etc to speak of but instead was a bowl almost full of noodles and a chopped up egg roll. Service was flawless, and extremely attentive. My meal came to $7.35 for the bun and iced tea, pretty reasonable. I liked it, but I'll stick with Dong A from now on.
5	I have been eating here for years. It's always just as as good as the last time. The service is always attentive, the Pho is wonderful and large, the herb plate is generous, and it's very clean. The level of ambiance is about 0 and it feels a little like a cafeteria, but what do you expect from an ethnic dive where their specialty is a $6 bowl of soup exquisite soup? That adds a certain charm to it.
4	After craving Chinese food and checking Yelp for someplace close to home, we decided to try Maxim since it has had such great reviews. And, like most of the time, my fellow yelpers were right on.Maxim serves both Vietnamese and Chinese food. The majority of the menu is Vietnamese, like Pho and the vermicelli noodle dishes, and they have Chinese food for lunch specials, like Kung Pao chicken. I got a bowl of the Pho, which was big enough to swim in, and my girlfriend got one of the vermicelli noodle dishes, which could have fed us both, and we shared hot tea. Our meals and drinks were $12. The food was good, the service was great and the portions are huge! We have at least another meals worth of leftovers.So if you like Asian food and are looking for a good meal for a great price, check out Maxim. You will be happy and full - Pho Yeah!
4	i love Maxim. from the general mood of the place down to the random Christmas decorations that are never put away, it reminds me of a lot of the Vietnamese restaurants scattered throughout Little Saigon in Southern California, where the owners are originally from. some holidays, they'll take random trips back to visit, so don't be surprised if you roll up and find a handwritten sign saying that they are closed for a few days. the service is always great though, even when lunchtime diners pack the place. i've been here lots of times but only ever get one dish - the mi (egg noodle soup) but ordered dry style so that the broth comes in a separate bowl. it's something i ate a lot in CA, but have trouble finding in Phoenix. it's not quite what i'm used to, but comes pretty damn close. if you like mi but have never tried it this way, definitely give it a go! there are just a few things to watch out for. it's in a small strip mall so you might miss it if you blink. the parking lot can get a bit crowded and making a left turn into the lot is tricky. and for all the Thai tea drinkers out there, we found out they don't sweeten it with coconut here. other than those tiny details, maxim is an awesome place to get a good, inexpensive meal.
4	Maxim deserves the great reviews it gets. The other Vietnamese places I have visited in central phoenix have been disappointing but Maxim lives up to its reputation. The food and service were just right and the prices are very fair.The shrimp and pork summer rolls and accompanying peanut sauce were fresh and tasty. The sauce in particular is delicious and the peanuts on top add nice texture- I suggest adding a dollop of the chili-garlic sauce to the peanut to make it even better. The pho is wonderful- great broth, pretty good meat. I appreciate that you can choose from two types of broth (beef or pork) and that there are so many different options for ingredients (pork or beef or chicken or seafood). The size of the regular bowl is just right and you can upgrade to a larger size if you are really hungry. My only complaint is that they give you lemons instead of limes and a side of lettuce? (never been served lettuce with my pho before).Try it, you won't regret it!
4	I have been craving Vietnamese food for a while.I used to go 2-3 times a month to a little place In Oakland, CA when I lived in SFO and got addicted. I had tried a couple of places here in Scottsdale 2-3 years ago with less than satisfactory results. I don't remember the names of the places, but they just weren't very good (I seem to remember not very fresh vegatables and greens, and a lack of cleanliness).I had lunch with some of my buddies today and they suggested Maxim.It was very good. I had beef noodles and a chicken spring roll and everything was fresh and tasty. The broth for the noodle was fragrant and rich. It took the cilantro, sprouts, etc., and added them easily to the overall flavor.While the place is a "hole in the wall" in a lackluster little strip mall, it is very clean, the service is quick and friendly and the prices are very good, esp. given the quality and amount of food, and quality and freshness of the sprouts, cilantro, basil, corriander, etc., that can be added.Great little spot!
5	Loves it!  This restaurant is for the die-hard-pho noddle lovers!  You really  can't get anymore authentic with hoisin, sriracha and fish sauce preset on each table and poorly cleaned restrooms.  The bean sprouts are white, plump, and crisp, and the thai basil is plentiful.  The soup is hot and well flavoured.  The price point is great as 4 spring rolls and two bowl of pho were under $19.  I brought my room mate here, and he was first reluctant about beef and noddles in the soup.  Now he won't stop talking about it; infact, we may have to go back tonight.  Slurps up!
4	After driving around north Phoenix all afternoon my friend and I stopped in to grab a bite to eat. He had been here before and ordered the chicken rice noodle soup and I had the usual pork chop, shredded pork and egg. If I am trying a Vietnamese place for the first time I will order this dish as a reference point. I was a little surprised to get a egg over easy with my dish instead of a egg loaf. But, I should have asked and it was not the first restaurant here to do this. Over all the meal was good. It was not the watered down version you sometimes find around town to fit American tastes. The restaurant itself is a little old, but it just goes to prove you can't judge a restaurant by it's looks.
5	I go here for lunch all of the time!  I LOVE the lemongrass tofu, the thai iced tea is delicious and I have heard that the shrimp is amazing.  I don't know, because I have never tried anything except for the tofu, it is delicious, i just can't break away. What really makes this place great for lunch is that it is cheap and quick. This place gets two thumbs up from me!
2	This place is so overrated! Being Asian and I spent 1/2 of my earning on eating out, I think I know Chinese food. This place is not that good people. the restaurant is tacky, the chopsticks and condiment dishes are grimy, and the smell of the menu is weird, yeah take a whiff if you ever eat there.I ordered the house specialty : mi vit tiem . It was disappointing. the noodle, veggie, and the meat only filled up half the bowl if that. i asked for dry noodle with soup on the side, and they gave me a tiny bowl soup with some onion. if that wasn't enough, the duck smells off and it was too dry. i also asked for pickled  papaya as a side dish but they gave me kimchi instead, which is weird because kimchi is korean what the hell is it doing in china?
5	i absolutely LOVE maxim and i have eaten there approximately 2 times a week since i learned about the restaurant a year ago.  the atmosphere is pretty awful, but the food is amazing.  i get a #86, which is a noodle, tofu, and vegetable soup (the broth is meat based).  it is comforting and cheap and always improves a bad day.  everyone i have taken there has enjoyed the food as well (though they tend to enjoy the vietnamese dishes more than the chinese ones). highly, highly recommended.
5	I have to register for an account so I can show some support for MAXIM (the Chinese name of this restaurant translates into "Beautiful Heart")As a visitor from San Francisco CA, Maxim is definitely a good find. I had: Thai Iced Tea, Shrimp Rolls and the mushroom duck leg egg noodle soup, and they are YUMMY!!!! Five star taste and not pricey at all, and I am definitely a very satisfied first time customer.Speaking of the decor of the restaurant.. it is just very typical asian neighborhood moms and pops type of place, a few flies flew across my face AND boy those pink shiny chopsticks are tacky!!! But as soon as the food came, the taste just made me forget about everything.Absolutely two thumbs up!
4	This a little hole in the wall in a strip mall. The restaurant is a little funky dive I wouldn't dine in. The dish I get is tasty. I have only had one item and I dearly love it the Lemongrass chicken it is delicious! I always get mine togo.
5	Huge, delicious portions at an incredible value. I'm hooked.I really enjoy the egg rolls. The pho is delicious, and you can trick it out with the crazy assortment of sauces and condiments available at every table.The lemongrass tofu is very good. My favorite menu item so far is the utterly divine wonton soup, with a wonderfully rich broth, tasty wontons and a great variety of vegetables all striking the perfect balance of tender and crisp.The interior is clean, including the bathrooms. The service is good - our waitress remembered our drink and heat-level preferences after our first visit! And has brought us a free dessert every visit! I can't help but feel taken care of, both in her concern for my enjoyment and in the freshness and high quality of the food served to me.
4	Solid Pho and spring rolls at the usual low low price. I stopped in yesterday for takeout and got beef pho with meatballs, spring rolls, and a Thai iced tea all for about $11. The Pho came with the usual toppings, all very fresh and plentiful. The spring rolls were big and packed with noodles, shrimp, and beef. My only complaint was that the iced tea was so sweet I'm pretty sure all of my teeth started to rot right there; I couldn't finish it. But I think that's just a personal preference. No complaints about the food or price, and the staff was friendly. Clean enough place, I would eat there.
5	It was a Sunday at about 8:50pm and I headed to Maxim.  I arrived at this little hole-in-the-wall location only to realize they were closing.  I was greeted by a woman named Maggie who kindly told me she could make a to-go order if that was okay.  Having worked in food service for several years I was surprised that she didn't just send me away and I was happy to agree.I ordered the Lemongrass Tofu and the Shrimp & Pork Eggrolls.  I also requested a side of peanut sauce because it's one of my favorites.  Maggie put everything together, told me to make sure to stop in for one of their lunch specials and off I went.  As everyone has previously stated, the prices are definitely affordable and I couldn't wait to get home.The lemongrass tofu is packed with flavor and it was cooked perfectly.  When mixed with the white rice and peanut sauce this little dish is amazing and it's a steal at $6.  I then unpacked the eggrolls.  I was excited to see that they came with mint and lettuce to wrap them in because I think that always adds another dimension of flavor and freshness.  Again, for a $3 item this exceeded my expectations and anyone would be hard pressed to find a better tasting eggroll in the Valley for up to twice the price.  I was so stuffed after the eggrolls and half the tofu that I saved the rest for leftovers for my next day's lunch (it was still amazing reheated).The Pho is just as good as everyone says, the Chicken Egg Foo Yong is probably my favorite and all of the lunch specials are incredible for $6 - $7.  Based on the quality of the food, the affordable prices (lunch is even cheaper if you can believe it) and the kind service from Maggie I give Maxim a solid 5-star review.  Maxim has become one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix and I think everyone should give it a try.
5	Let's get one thing straight: I am a pho snob.I've had both vegetarian/tofu and beef. I've been out for pho more than I've been out for any other kind of food put together. I seriously ate at Pho Hoa in Olympia every single day for a straight month after I graduated high school [high-roller with all my grad money, I know you're jealous].So I know pho. I know that it varies even within a chain in quality. I also know that Maxim has the best pho I've had since I lived in Olympia. I'm so loyal to Pho Hoa but seriously.. it's lucky Maxim isn't in the same town because I would have to sneak away to Maxim every other day.Down the the nitty-gritty: plenty of condiments and plenty of peppers and lime so I don't have to fight over the last slices. It's clean and there's plenty of space in case a whole ton of people need pho immediately after reading this review. I had the tofu/vegetarian pho, and it was delicious! And I don't usually even like vegetarian broth. Chock full of your greens and tasty blocks of succulent tofu lightly pan-fried floating amidst tons of rice noodles. The servers are friendly and the place is cheap! I love it. I want to go back. I need more Maxim.
5	Feeling yucky one day and wanting nothing but some reminders of my bay area asian food... My search began with my iPhone for Pho.. AND I wanted good Pho.. (Im skeptical of some dishes in the desert, just sayin'!).. I drove a good 20min from my loft to find this place.. worth it. Usual toppings you will find with real Vietnamese Pho.. but awesome! I asked for a variety of tofu and seafood.. I couldnt finish it all.. but never can with Pho.. its a big bowl, and filling! Extras on tables to get your Pho on.. Ordered the Vietnamese Shrimp Rolls too.. left feeling not so stuffy! AND full.. OH yeah, and I still had money for a bit of shoe shopping the next day... :-)
4	Sweet basil, this place is good!! :-)I think that's going to be my new "catch phrase"..."Sweet Basil", etc.:)If I want to add emphasis, I can insert an adjective..."Sweet Aromatic Basil", etc.:)What do you think?...No?...OK:)But, Maxim still has about the best Vietnamese food around:)After a workout this morning (to nullify the effects of the UYE at Haus Murphy's last night) I met a bunch of my attorney buddies for a sort of healthy lunch today (BTW, I realize, that sounds like an oxymoron..."attorney buddies", not "healthy lunch":)They are a jolly crew...always laughing and giggling about the misery visited upon the rest of society by the legal profession and its handmaidens, health care and insurance:)We laughed and talked and ate, ate and laughed...soon, very soon,  karma will pay a visit, but for now, they are jolly and entertaining lunch companions (not to mention invaluable resources for that inevitable day when my own legal misery strikes-:)Maxim is more reliable than an attorneys billing logs (and significantly more tasty and less expensive:)I generally have #20, the rare beef pho with rice noodles, and a chicken spring roll...hearty broth, real beef (not bits and pieces:) and plenty of it:)Add your own heat (and there are plenty of options for that) as well as sprouts, basil, peppers, etc., and you've engineered a pretty decent lunch...that doesn't cause retox...probably:)The service is always good here (insert legal joke about "service" here)...and to top it off, the whole crew at Maxim are just very nice people...I think they are mostly family and they treat all of their customers great!...We were greeted with a smile and a smile and wave when we left:-)Sweet Basil, that's good food:-)
4	First time I had Pho in my life and it was Phocking Photastic!  The food is awesomely priced and very very good.I got the Chicken Pho and threw in some siracha and hoison, it was borderline addicting.The staff that waited on us did not seem to excited to do so. She seemed upset I wanted to split the bill in two, but oh well.I will be going back again very soon for some more Pho!
4	Dumpy little place with killer food. I tried the sesame chicken lunch special. It was hot and sour soup, egg roll, white rice and lightly breaded chicken covered in brown sauce and sesame seeds. There was not one thing that was bad. It was all good. Under $7 bucks out the door.
4	Don't let the outside or the inside, for that matter, fool you. I know, greasy menus gross me out too! But I decided to sit tight because I will go through WHATEVER I have to, if I suspect there is a decent vegetarian dish to be had at a great price.And boy, did I have a good one. I ordered the Lemongrass Tofu, and asked for it extra crispy! They prepared it exactly the way I like it and for WAY LESS than I'd pay for the Lemongrass Chicken at Vegetarian House. Plus it's near my office so I can go there for lunch! Yay!
4	raising to 4.5 based on the hot and sour soup alone. I have tried the same soup at multiple places and none...none were as good as here.
4	Good Pho and spring rolls at a great price AND ITS BYOB, WORD!
4	I was in Phoenix for several days with work and Yelped Vietnamese and found the high rating for this place quite exciting. I hopped in my car, popped the address into the GPS, arrived at said destination, sat in my car for like 5 minutes staring at the store front window, and finally mustered up the courage to go inside. For many, its location (in an old shopping plaza with rotting concrete, next to the plaza's dumpsters) will be an immediate turn off. It almost turned me off, but I said whatever and my need for Pho far outweighed any logical decision making I was about to make. I went in and ordered myself two spring rolls while I looked over the menu and they didn't disappoint at all. For only 1 or 2.95, they were fresh, big, and delicious. Next I opted for white meat chicken Pho which was fantastic. The broth was perfect, and the garnish was all fresh and on point. I had some tea to go along with it and it all ended up being about 11 dollars. The lady working asked me why I was by myself and I told her I was on business so she told me to make sure I came in again. I promised and came back three more times. I guess you can say I liked the place.
3	It was a cold and rainy day, and something different like Pho` seemed like a good idea.We arrived it was busy other people from the office were coincidently here as well.All signs pointed to a good meal.I started to browse the menu and I did not find any of the great vegetarian dishes I read about on here. I was confused. I ended up ordering something with tofu and noodles I was not sure what it was as I was boarn after the draft and never made it to Vietnam.My dish arrived it was fried tofu over thin rice noodles with some fresh herbs. And a side dish of a sweet and sour liquid of some sort. The noodles were naked no sauce etc. I by passed the side of odd tasting sauce and seasoned it with generous amounts of soy and siracha. It was decent once seasoned but not great, I was still hungry in the end.The Service was too slow, our waters sat empty for most of the meal and checks did not come for quite some time.On the way out I grabbed their printed paper menu to learn it was different and had the dishes I wanted to try on it.I will give it another try and hopefully order better next time.
4	HUNG,  this word has many different comical means, however I am not sure what it means, or why it is the sign next to the maxium sign, either way it made us laugh.At the request of some one else on my team at work we went back for lunch. It was fairly busy this Friday. I quickly found the dish on the revised menu I had been looking for. I could tell you the number, or name that only a member of the VC could pronounce. It is a vegetarian bowl of soup with tofu vegetables and noodles.It arrived with every one else's main dish and looked quite appetizing, it was very hot, the broth was tasty and the vegetables were crisp. I was hoping it would come with a Pho` style side of greens and bean sprouts, sadly it did not.My co workers love the taste and price of their Chinese lunch specials. Service was slow, and again my water was never refilled.There are a fair amount of vegetarian options and the taste and price is good, this makes up for the bad service.  I will be back again.
5	Service may be less than par but the Pho is the best EVAR.I have tried all the "Pho" places within 200 miles of my house in Tempe, AZ. (Trust me, I have a lot of time on my hands)My skin tingles with joy when I eat their Veggie Pho.Choose wisely.
2	Ok, so I hate to rain on your parade. I have been to Maxim in the past and agree that the food is delightful. Folks are right on regarding the scummy strip mall it is in and the dumpster being right next to the entrance of the place. After reading several reviews and really wanting some noodles I decided to hit the place up yesterday. First as I walked in the lady assisting me was not in the slightest bit friendly. She kept doing this weird eye rolling thing as I asked her questions regarding the vermicelli noodles they had. The thing that made me want to hurl was that as we were talking a baby roach climbed up on the counter and she saw that I was eyeing it. She proceeded to mash it with the tip of her index finger and when it wouldn't come off she wiped the tip of her finger on the bin where dirty dishes are collected. I tend to not be weak of stomach but that entire ordeal just did it for me. Not to mention she kept touching her nose. I think overall I'll just stick to other Vietnamese spots that serve food just as good as theirs minus the baby roach. I'm just sayin'...
3	Another favorite lunch place I like to go to! The menu is pretty extensive, it's a mix of Chinese and Vietnamese dishes.  You can get Pho, but it's mediocre.  I usually get their wanton noodle soups, viet vermicelli (kind of a rice noodle dish with grilled pork and shrimp and fish sauce), or rice dish with fried eggs.Prices is under $10.
5	After flying across the country we were hungry and as I've done in many other cities, I went in search of pho.  I ordered the pho dac biet.  The broth was not oily, and packed with flavor.  The noodles were just right and there was a generous amount of tripe and tendon.
2	OK...the Yelp reviews drew me in for a try...like a mouse to cheese.So it was no surprise when I arrived to find this place in a pretty poor facility...I can deal with this. No problem. I love dives, mom and pop shops, local back alley eateries, tacos stands in Mexico.....mystery meat and all...I live for this stuff. However, I was surprised with a few things:To start...GET  A DUMPSTER WITH A LID.  The entire parking lot smells of  rotten garbage.  Unappetizing, unsanitary, and disgusting.2nd...put some fresh paint in this place and clean the bathrooms already.  The walls and ceilings looked to be painted sometime during the Ming Dynasty.  The sink and soap dispenser were caked with what looked liked decades of residue.  I felt that washing my hands might actually make them dirtier.Ok...now for the good stuff.  1) The staff was incredible.  I have NO experience with Vietnamese food which a majority of the menu consists of.  The waitress (and I am assuming owner) stopped and spent significant time with Ash and I.  She recommend a variety of dishes based upon our tastes.  2) The value was excellent.  The price point is under the $10 mark and the portions were large.3) The quality of the food was excellent.  The egg rolls, spring rolls, noodle dishes, and meats were tasty.In the end...I don't think I will be back.  While the food was great and the staff was wonderful...the facility was too much for me.
4	The first viet pho restaurant I had in Phoenix.  The place is kind of weird in that they are sometimes closed when their supposed to be open but during this economy, I'm not surprised that the owners are closing up early if the place is dead.Have had the opportunity to try multiple different dishes here aside from the vietnamese pho and so far all of the dishes have been tasty.  They certainly don't skimp on the meat and the soup always tastes hearty and filling.  Like most places they don't give a whole lot of noodles and meat but when you mix in the bean sprouts and add the side of spring rolls, the meals are definitely more than enough.They also have a menu of Singaporean dishes for those that are interested, you'll have to ask for it but the lovely lady (I think the owner) will rattle them all off to ya.On a side note, my girlfriend was overly impressed because while eating there one time, a stray puppy came up to the window and sat outside staring at us eating.  We brought that to the attention of the employee and he went outside with some food to feed him.  Funnily enough, he kept going back and forth between the puppy and the kitchen bringing more food to feed the hungry monster.  We later heard from a lady walking in for an order pick-up that she saw the puppy walking away from the restaurant and she had stopped and took him in for adoption.  Eat here! Good things happen in Maxim!
4	So I finally checked this place out, got me teh number 14 (mixed beef Pho). It was pretty busy for lunch, but we got a seat and quick service. They had a few lunch specials, but I went with Pho off the menu. I did read some bad reviews about the parking lot but didn't notice anthing too crazy. The broth in the Pho was very good, and it was chock full of tripe and tendon, which I adore. It could have used more noodles in my opinion, but it did the trick for a lunch. Overall great straight forward bowl of Pho. it seemed more of a mixed crowd than Da Vang, but about the same. Would I go back? For sure. they had some others dishes like grilled pork with rice and a sunny side up egg that have got me curious.
4	This is the best Vietnamese food in Phoenix in my opinion.  Staff are nice, prices are reasonable, and the food is excellent.  Ambiance, not so great.
4	I had delicious, cheap vegetarian pho.   The waitress(/owner, I'd assume) confirmed that I wanted veg broth, not beef broth, which was reassuring.  The pho was big, with lots of good veggies and fried tofu.   My friend had beef pho, which he enjoyed much more than the variety pho he picked up for lunch last time he went.  Apparently "variety" means "tripe surprise."  Word to the wise.The atmosphere was exactly what you'd expect - casual, clean, with the owner's family there enjoying their dinner (and one young girl giving an inspired yet subdued solo concert to herself in a corner of the restaurant).  Oh we didn't know this before we went, but it's BYOB.
5	#43. Every time.
4	What would I do without Yelp? I drove down to Maxim on 09/07/10 for a good ole bowl of Pho and egg rolls and I can  tell you I was not disappointed. The egg rolls were by far the biggest and best I have had in the valley. The Pho was flavorful with plenty of vegetables and the customer service was excellent. Unfortunately, although the food was good this location is too far for me to frequent on a regular basis but if I am in Phoenix and craving Pho this will be my go to spot.
5	I need to know the hours of operation......
3	writing this review is so tiresometo switch things up and blatently plagiarize a yelp friends writing style im going w/ a rating systemwith a sliding scale of 1-10 ten obviously being the best, 1 the worst:8 food2 service3 ambience9 pricei was thoroughly prepared to enjoy maxim, and while the food didnt disappoint, the unabashed contempt the server/owner? showed me was regrettable. I enjoyed my Pho, it was delicious...well i think technically it was Mi but i digress- the soup was stellar. A large bowl of egg noodles floating in a golden pork based broth, healthy portions of chicken shrimp and some type of spongy pork meat , fresh veggies and herbs to infuse the soup w/ an abundance of flavour. it was delicious, simply put. But. but but but but; the minute i walked up to the door i was greeted with seeming hostility. to note the door was locked, and the open sign turned off, this at 4:20 ish? i checked the hours on the window, checked my cell phone, and looked back at the two little asian women inside in confusion and charming befuddlement. The younger lady, begrudgingly stopped her sweeping and unlocked the door, "you eating here?!" she barked, "whaa, uhh yeah. are you guys open" she glared at me and held the door open. I stood there akwardly and she grabbed flatware and ushered me to my seat, whereupon she actually pulled out my seat for me (actually a kind hearted gesture now that i think about it). i sat and waited, ordered spring rolls (hard to mess up, but they were awesome to note) and my soup. yada yada the meal comes i eat it in quiet enjoyment. a group of four comes in, and then another group, and after that i was ignored the remainder of my stay. i was ignored for soooo long. i sat in quiet frustration/agony waiting for my bill, and a container for the remainder of my soup. after about 30 minutes she deigned to look at me, and acknowledge that i was ready to leave. i ask for the bill and a container. she gives me both, and as i was slowly pulling out my wallet, she stood there and stared. i tried to sign the bill as slow as possible, so that she wouldnt see that i was going to stiff her on her tip, so she picked up my soup and poured it into the container all the while watching my signature out of the corner of her eye, almost bullying me into tipping her, which i did, reluctantly. All in all.....i would come back, but only for a to go order.
4	My friend liked this place more than I did.  That being said, I did really enjoy my visit to Maxim.  The menu is intense.  No really, its really very long and daunting if you are inexperienced with Vietnamese food.  Our waitress, who I think was the owner or the owner's wife, gave us some good recommendations and helped my friend order off the special menu.  I got a soup which really hit the hearty spot.  There were so many choices that I want to go back and try them all.Now Maxim is not in the most luxurious area and can be hard to spot (if you are driving North on 19th Ave, you might miss it just past Osborn.  Ignore the dingy setting and neighborhood and indulge in this local treasure.
4	I have been here twice so far and both times it was for the Chinese lunch special with your standard steamed rice, an egg roll, and soup of the day. The first time I ordered Mongolian beef, and the soup of the day was hot and sour soup which was quite tasty as well as the Mongolian beef. My second time there I ordered the kung pao chicken which was good, but the soup of the day wasn't all that great. I still don't know what the soup was called but it contained broccoli and bok choy. The place has been cleaned up (some reviews say it was dirty) and the supposed dumpster smell isn't that big of a deal as you'll only smell it for a second or two while you walk in. It's not an appetite killing type of strong stench, or at least it wasn't the two times I've been there.4 stars for now.
4	Bright, no nonsense Chinese and Vietnamese restaurant.  You can get a good mix of both styles of food.  This is reminscent of many Chinese cafes you would get in Hong Kong.  I sometimes wished they had more Cantonese styled dishes, but the pho is good and they are the only place in town to get a Durian milkshake.  (Weird but oddly addicting).  The place is super clean which makes me happy, (I've had more than one squemish friend boycott my local pho place because they were a little wary).  Their spring rolls are a must.
4	I'm not sure about the recent complaint of service given by certain non-Asian customers but the service has always been consistenly inviting when I visit this place. The ladies who work here are suggestive based on what you like to eat. This is an SE Asian restaurant run by SE Asians who may not give a damn about being current with excessively unattainable contemporary American service expectations, so lighten up and enjoy the good food.I consistently order Pho that comes with everything  and at other times soups. I can say, the Pho is the best I had in the Phoenix area within a 10 mile radius. It is not excellent like at Khao Hoan in Tempe, just a step below it which qualifies the Pho here as good enough still.  The garnishment (bean sprout and basil) are decently washed and in generous quantity , but some times the basil are not the nicest looking. The sauce are your standard fares; soy, chili, fish sauce, pepper. On the Pho itself, the broth was not oily and had the hint of licorice in it. The broth is good. The meat provided were good(not the choicest) and comes in varieties such as soft tendon, tripe, flank, and boiled beef. For $6.50, it is a superb value and a good meal I did have over and over again. I would like them to up the richness of the Pho by providing more features and garnishment, and I'm willing to pay more for it. But what I had here is tasteful, non-Americanized, and good standardized Pho enough that I won't have to drive further to Khao Hoan in Tempe for pho...There is usually parking in the beat up spaces and the restaurant is clean inside.  The area the restaurant is at may not be modern but it is in a convenient location in central Phoenix. There's usually a mix of customers here.My ratings should be a 3.5 star but the convenience factor, nice and quick service , and expectation of trying more tasteful selections (that will also make my out of town  diners happy) have me excited to give them a 4. Like it here.
3	Maxim is a hole-in-the-wall Vietnamese restaurant that offers up a decent bowl or pho or bun bo hue and some tasty fresh appetizers, such as the fresh spring rolls!  It's not my favorite Viet joint in the Phoenix area but I wouldn't mind going when friends want to go.    It seems that they offer a lot of Chinese-style entrees too so if you have friends that 'don't like Viet food', this place would be a happy medium.We hit them on an off day where it took more so long to bring one friend's order that the rest of us were done eating when his arrived (and only after I ask for it).  From what I understand though, that isn't typical so it musta just been a random oversight.  Might see ya there!
5	Best pho I have had in Phoenix. I frequent this place once a week on average and can't seem to stop ordering the #17 beef pho with rare and well done shaved beef and meatball. Their garnishes are usually spot on fresh and abundant, which is key to this dish. I would like to see them off dandelion greens line Pho Tanh down on Camelback but the broth at Maxim is just down right perfect. Rich, beefy flavor with lots of star anise, clove, and fish sauce. All of their spring roll items are terrific, I usually switch off between the fried shrimp and pork version that you wrap in green leaf lettuce and the soft, rice paper ones with the fresh herbs and shrimp. Both are paired with excellent versions of Vietnamese dipping sauces.True, Maxim isn't the prettiest looking place in town but the food and service more than makes up for it.
5	I was going to give Maxim 4 stars, but I have a hard time holding out if I can't think of a good reason.  And in this case I just couldn't.Don't hold the neighborhood against them... if you're from Phoenix, you know 19th and Osborn isn't the fanciest.  But then again, when was the last time you ate amazing Vietnamese food at the Biltmore?An obvious choice is the Pho, and I have to admit I went safe with white meat chicken.  There was no skimping here... a huge to-go cup of broth, and an overflowing container of chicken, noodles, sprouts, veggies and herbs.  There's probably a method to eating it, but I just shoved it all in the cup and gorged.  And I couldn't be happier.For some carbs and goodness I tacked on 2 egg rolls - a delicious mix of pork and shrimp.  They rank at the top of my best-egg-rolls-ever list.I read a few things below about not-so-good service, and I'm having a hard time believing it was the same restaurant.  The lady who took my order was very receptive and made some great suggestions (including not being too exploratory with my food on my first visit).  Everyone in the place was smiling.For a total of $8, I ended up with 2 full meals and a happy tummy.  And it doesn't hurt that I work right around the corner.  Glad I found this place!Oh side note, I did find a Styrofoam cup in the parking lot that someone wrote "Die Bitch" on.  The neighborhood isn't great.  But the food's amazing, so get over it!
4	Yummy in my tummy goes the won-ton soup. It is my go to for when anyone is feeling sick and totally hits the spot with all its veggies. Best in the valley, IMHO. The fried rice is also really yummy here. They don't skimp on the veggies which I love. Last visit to eat in was a couple weeks ago and the waitress/owner(?) was super nice to us and our French friends visiting from across the pond. I will definitely make an effort to eat in more often instead of ordering out.
4	just ate here with a friend. we had:veggie pho - delisheggrolls - yum, but fish sauce was a bit watered down and weakhot & sour soup - freakin' amazing!thai tea - soooo good, more potent on the tea side than otherswill be back to try their ban xeo and lemongrass tofu
4	The Spring Rolls are awesome!
4	Not bad.  I like that they will make the pho with egg noodles instead of the traditional rice noodles if you ask.  I deff prefer it that way and recommend to anyone who likes pho to try it that way.   Muy delish!  This place is deff not fancy and has no frills whatsoever, but the food is good and thats all that matters.  Enjoy!
5	Absolutely one of my favourite Vietnamese/Chinese restaurants in Phoenix if not my favourite. I grew up in a Vietnamese/Cantonese household so I might be a bit biased but everything from the Goi Cuon to the Pho is delicious. I would definitely recommend it!
5	Ever since a co-worker turned me onto this restaurant, I have not been disappointed. The spring rolls and peanut sauce are addicting.  They also have the best hot and sour soup, I've ever had anywhere!!
4	The location looks questionable but they have VERY delicious pho. The place is clean, the staff are friendly and the food is yummy.
4	This is one of my lunch time favs.  They have a good lunch menu and the pho is really good too.   Service is hit or miss and they keep it really warm during the summer.
3	I'm not knocking Maxim at all but I can't review Maxim without comparing it to nearby Pho Thanh so bear with me. Maxim is OK but it will have to be second to Pho Thanh. There definitely are less items on the menu here and I did not find the same satisfaction as I did with Pho Thanh's authentic (or adventurous if you will) ingredients. Maxim's interior is clean and spacious, so don't be disconcerted when you walk by the festering dumpster right over the wall of the restaurant.  I would say the cleanliness is a bit better than your typical small business Asian restaurant. Every time I've gone there, there were at least a few tables of diverse lunch patrons so business is a good sign. Service is fast and ingredients are fresh. I've had the spring rolls, a large bowl of beef pho, and "beef chow fun" from here before. I found everything pretty good except for the beef chow fun. I am very picky about beef chow fun and I can't say theirs was very good. I have yet to find a place in AZ that has fresh "haw fun" (wide rice noodles) which is the magic key to making delicious beef chow fun. I'm not sure if it's a west coast/SW thing or what, but their wide noodles weren't very, ummm, wide. What's worse is I asked the lady (the owner's wife I think) if the haw fun was fresh and she told me "yes". I asked her in Chinese no less, so she dishonored me! They also cooked theirs with too much onion. I love onions, but in my opinion, they don't belong in beef chow fun. Green onions yes, regular onions no. One major thing I dislike about Maxim is their menu description. It isn't very descriptive at all. I have one in front of me and this is what it says under beef noodle soups: "beef rice noodle soup w/ variety of beef slices". What is it? Most pho places will tell you if it's raw beef slices, fatty flank, fatty crunchy flank, tripe, etc. I like all this stuff and only "rare-cooked", "non-fat", and "ground beef meatball" is listed. The pho bowl that I had here had very little tripe in it, the standard steak slices and nothing else. Going by the menu, did I order the wrong thing, or do they not serve this authentic/adventurous (ie. delicious) stuff here like Pho Thanh does? I haven't had the rice dishes but I noticed, admittedly only through pictures that they just serve a fried egg with their dishes instead of a rice cake. I like the rice cake. I'm used to the rice cake. I want the rice cake. Another plus for Pho Thanh (which has the rice cake). Second place. If Pho Thanh is closed, Maxim is a suitable substitute.
2	I've read so many good reviews about this place and its close to where I work, so I thought I'd try it out.  Sadly, I was disappointed.  I felt that the food was so-so and restaurant was dingy and sticky.  Normally I wouldn't care about the later, because the "dive-y" places are usually the best. Not in this case. . .  The only reason I went back a 2nd time is because I thought that maybe I just ordered the wrong dish or that they were having an off day, because of all the great reviews.  I tried, but unfortunately for me, the same thing happened on my next visit.  I just wasn't impressed.  Sadly, I don't think I'll be giving Maxim a "3rd time's the charm" chance.
4	I was super excited to find a place in Arizona that has vegetarian pho!The service was just mediocre.  It met basic requirements without any friendliness.Very cost effective= CHEAP.
4	Very good Vietnamese food.  The setting is not much to look at, but I always love finding a good "hole-in-the-wall" restaurant.  The food is delicious, and the service is good.  Also, the prices are very reasonable.  I have tried several dishes, but my favorite is a basic dish: grilled pork with rice vermicelli.  Also, the spring rolls are excellent.  Very good restaurant, and highly recommended.
2	My friend and I came to this place cause it seemed as though this was the only other decent Vietnamese place to eat at other than Pho Thanh. The reason we came here is we happened to be craving these foods on a tuesday and apparantly.. Pho Thanh is closed on Tuesdays. Who knew! The service was good, a lot of seating, the menu was decent as well, but both of our dishes we got were just okay.. We've been to many vietnamese places.. so we knew we weren't getting the best unfortunately. I had gotten Pho Tai Nam, everything just seemed mediocre.. the broth, meat.. Eh.My friend got Com Thit Nuong. The meat was cut very thin, and into rectangles.. and it wasnt as tasty as it could have been. Again.. just okay. Prices weren't bad either but I wouldn't come back here for a second time.
4	Great lunch place.. packed at lunch and well worth the price ! very good selection of Vietnamese Soups and wraps .... great on a run for lunch. This " Family " run Restaurant is hidden in a strip mall , not about the Restaurant but about the Good hearty food ! Definitely try this place... nothing to loose , a full belly to gain !
4	vegetarian pho. that's the stuff.
5	Delish!!!!!! x 100!!Love, love, love this place. This is the place that made me a Vietnamese fan for sure. My friend brought me here and I was blown away but the tastiness of their food. Their spring rolls are so yummy! The chicken noodle soup flavor is a winner in my book! Everything on the menu is delicious, though I haven't tried is all, I'm sure it is!
4	I think I found a new favorite pho place, and bonus-it's really close to work!  I've read about Maxim for some time and I finally found myself with an opportunity to try it a few weeks back.  I've probably been back three times and I just cannot get past pho tai despite my going in with the idea of trying something new.The broth is wonderfully complex and they give you a good assortment of fresh herbs for additional punch.  Prices are great and the family that runs the place is very friendly.
1	The chicken pho w/ veggie broth was awful. I barely touched it. When the owner(?) came to take my bowl, he said "oh you didn't like it? It's because of the veggie broth." Really?!  I will not be back.
3	4 stars for the spring rolls2 for the phoToo many noodles and they're overcooked -- the result: cloudy thickened broth for leftovers the next day.
5	If you are looking for a really good Vietnamese place, this is the place! I am a Pho fanatic and they really make me happy! Prices are very reasonable and it's family run.
4	I've been here about four or five times. I am a big Pho fan and have been to many different places in the valley.  I'd have to say that Maximum has the friendliest staff working there. They are attentive, always checking that your water is full and give great suggestions on what seasonings to put in your Pho.The spring rolls are great too! Try them out. You'll have to roll yourself out the door after a couple of spring rolls and some Pho.  Try the #29 or #30, you won't regret it.The last time I was here was after a night of heavy drinking! I crawled in about 10:30 am, thank gawd they are open that early, and the lady greeted us right at the door and immediately sat us and brought us hot tea. I think she knew we were hungover (or could smell the liquor from the night before emanating from our bodies). She recommended the chicken soup for a cure but I decided to go with the Mi instead because I'm a huge egg noodle fan. Mi is the same as Pho but with egg noodles instead.Bottom line. This place is AWESOME and is my go to place for Pho and Mi.Spring rolls are Delish!
3	I was always afraid of pho, especially the meat products, but I was pleasantly surprised to find what I ordered was nothing more than chicken noodle soup.  The chicken was just fine, the broth was flavorful, and there was an abundance of noodles which I liked.  Spring rolls were really good, too!
5	I am from CA where there are many Vietnamese restaurants. Upon coming to AZ, I didn't have very high expectation for Vietnamese food. Here are reasons Maxim Restaurant deserve 5 stars.1. Quick service2. Friendly service--the owner was very friendly and spoke fluent English3. The eggrolls---$2.50 for 2 rolls on a plate of salad = yummy! The price is half of what I usually pay in the Bay Area4. Banh Canh-I had the seafood banh canh and although it wasn't out of your mind good, it was decent. I believe it was $6.505. just because it's a good Vietnamese restaurant in AZ, totally unexpected!I would definitely visit again. :D
4	Best veggie spring rolls in town.  Seriously.  They're fresh, large, cheap and come with a really nice peanut sauce.  The only places that are close are Thai-e-san in Phoenix (you can order them with tofu, although it isn't listed on the menu) and Little Saigon in Glendale, but the sauce is superior at Maxim.  They're also flexible with the menu.  When I said I enjoyed the lemongrass tofu (which comes with rice), and the waitress noticed I also like their noodle dishes, they offered to make a lemongrass tofu with noodles the next time I was in, even though it's not on the menu.  Maybe a little short on decor compared to some places, but it's one of my favorite spots in town.  The dish that has noodles with veggies can be ordered with crisp noodles for an extra buck.  This falls under the TOTALLY WORTH IT category.  Delish, but be prepared to take some home.  I just talked myself into going for lunch today....
4	Great pho, the broth is so delicious and a great big portion.  Try the rolls too, they do it right!Been here on a couple of occassions since it's a far drive, but a great place to stop by for some great food.Tried a few different items when dining with a group recently. Enough for everyone to share and even took some leftovers.Even though they were close to closing time, they allowed us and some other folks in.  Great people.
3	Fast service, but wasn't impressed by pork broth pho.  Ended up just eating rice noodles & veggies only to avoid broth, had a funny aftertaste. Some of their other food looked very tasty though...
1	This place is decent but their are far better PHO and spring rolls in the valley. Like Dong A or Da Vang. Will never come again the spring rolls rice paper is too thick and gummy like kinda weird compared to other places and that kills it for me.
5	Awesome pho, great prices, but no beer. Great place for lunch or carry out.
3	Chinese Pho!?  How about Vietnamese Fried Rice?Well needless to say Maxim is a mixture of two cultures.  My two cultures it happens to be and what I am - half Vietnamese and half Chinese. So our waitress and some of the staffs are speaking in Cantonese and serving up some Pho. Eh! I'm not one to judge.  I order me some Pho since I heard this place was one of the better Pho places in town.I have to admit it was a lot different from most Pho places, but that's about it.  I did enjoy it and now that I think about it I'm glad I didn't order the big boy bowl.  I can only eat so much and so much I ate. The broth was nice and hot and had that bold brown color.  My noodles were obviously not soaked well since I had to untangle it before eating it.  I don't like to see or do that, thus it's a negative in my book. - Enjoy!
4	Great food!   Kind staff!  We arrived 15 minutes after they closed, but they still let us in.  Their winter rolls were really great, served with lettuce to wrap them in, and hot.  We ordered the Pho, as we are huge fans of Pho.  The broth was good, rich and had a distinct anice and five spice flavor.  Really yummy.  They served with plenty of vegetables, and fresh herbs.  The did not skimp.  The price was great.  We will be back next time we are in the valley!
5	As good as Pho gets, period. Nothing much to look at but damn great Pho.
5	best place i've ever went to, and I'm from Hawaii where theres lots of asian food. Get the number 29 if like ramen type foods
5	If I were one of those reviewers who had to give you a bunch of background about myself, why my review should carry more weight than others due to some kind of arbitrary expertise, and how I came to visit the establishment that time, I would tell you that I only recently moved to the area and, after trying Pho Tahn less than a couple months ago, I've been on a pho kick and that, while I don't know good pho, I do know what I like. My expertise, then, comes from a history of enjoying big cauldrons of soups/stews when temperatures drop below 80 and, oftentimes, enjoying menudo to fend off hangovers (those my last menudo bowl for such necessity was years ago, thank goodness). By virtue of trying to visit Pho Tahn on it's day off, I tried Da Vang and, frankly, was pleased enough to continue you going there. Alas, Friday night I was running late and it wasn't going to be feasible for us to make Da Vang before they closed and, after a phone call to Pho Tahn revealed that they are closed for unexplained reasons until the middle of December, I decided to try my luck even deeper into the avenues and try Maxim with it's liberal 8:45p closing time. After missing the restaurant on our first shot (it doesn't really face 19th Ave, the strip mall faces north so it's tough to see if you are coming from Osborne), we parked and entered. As others have noted, the place is extremely clean which was a pleasant surprise and the server was very nice, pointing out, for example, if whitey orders any dishes with tripe/tendon. The food is good and the dishes at the tables around us, who had not ordered pho, looked very good. In short, I'd say it's a toss up between Maxim and Da Vang -- and that's a good thing. Both are 5-star Pho places and that is good enough for me.
4	Having moved here from NY, was dying for some good Asian noodle soup. Thanks to Yelp, found Maxim. Not too far from my home. Decided to give it a try.Soup was excellent. I had the roast pork soup. Friend had vegetarian soup with shrimp.True, the place is not fancy, but our first taste of the soup was great.We took it to go - which I probably won't do again if only because you have to "assemble" the soup at home. By the time we got home, the broth wasn't that hot anymore. However, after heating everything up in a pot with all the ingredients, it was delicious.I'd probably opt to dine-in next time to save the extra step of having to heat it up at home.Highly recommended. Can't wait to try more of their soups!
4	I know good vietnamese food... I grew up in San Jose, essentially vietnamese central of the SF Bay Area... this is now my go to place in Downtown Phoenix. The prices are super reasonable... like for 2 spring rolls its $2.50... Pho Bowls are around $6 to 48. For my girlfriend and myself the bill came out to $25. Not too bad.... the customer service is real great too!
4	Maxim has really good Spring Rolls and some super yummy Pho.  Had the Shrimp Pho and my daughter had the Egg Noodle Soup with Chicken and Vegetables.  I would definitely go back for more.
5	Absolutely delicious!!! If you've read my reviews you'd know how much I love Vietnamese food. It is my all time favorite. I like to find good places and try new flavors. This place has many options and pictures are always a plus for me. Tonight since it was my first time here I got my usual spring rolls and rare beef pho. It was very tasty, the beef was nice and soft and the spring rolls were generous in size. This is right by my school so I will likely become a regular now. I can't wait to go back and try the shrimp stir fry with vermicelli, and the won ton soup with shrimp looks good and fresh and nice in size too. Yum yum yum yum! Hooray for fresh food and yummy giant bowls of tasty soup!!!!!!!
4	It has been too long since I was here.   I no longer live in the neighborhood.  I really like the food here.  Quite a large selection.  I have only tried the Vietnamese food there but the Chinese food looks good too.
5	Culinary perfection! That's all I have to say...
4	The food is so good that you overlook the obvious flaws. It's not located in the best part of town particularly at night. It's in a divey strip mall. The service is what you would expect from a mom and pop Asian restaurant so I'll let you figure that one out. But this is the best Pho in the city. They really get it right and if you are looking for amazing food, you'll come here. This is one place where the food carries it.
5	Love it! Love it! Love it!! Best PHO TAHN I've had, and believe me, I have tried many PHOs in my life!! I have to give credit to only to the food but also to the nice staff ( you must understand they are a different culture and be respectful, and just because you can't always understand what they are saying, that doesn't mean they are talking about you). The place is super clean in my opinion and unlike like other Vietnamese restaurants, I do not get out of there with a fishy smelly hair. =) (Well, I do, but it is not as bad as other places lol). I've had the veggie rolls, the chicken and veggie pho, and the  wonton with fish one. I can't ever finish them because it is so much food and believe I EAT A LOT FOR BEING A GIRL!. Love this place, highly recommend it. And the prices are so good that many times I offer to take care of the tab for my friends LOL, makes me feel all rich and fancy hahaha I crack myself up!! haha
1	SUPER RUDE - DON'T EVEN GOI have been going here for about 6 years now. their pho and spring rolls and egg rolls are absolutely delicious. one of the ladies here is super rude every time though. Yes, for the entire time I've been going here she has been an absolute b*tch. she is a small thin chinese woman with a boy cut hair cut and is always very rude and mean. again, the food is great and everyone else is nice but I've just had it with dealing with her. I made an order to go today and asked for fish sauce, she put peanut sauce. when I got there I asked for cups for chili sauce and she just shooed me off and told me it was all already in there. when I got home, all that was in there was a tiny thumbnail size of chili and they didn't even include a lime or lemon with my pho. Again, I'm just done with this place and will not be going back - don't waste your time either. there are plenty of other pho places that will actually treat you with respect and courtesy for the same price and in the same area (one is over on 17th ave and camelback)Maxim, you have lost a loyal long time customer and I will never recommend your restaurant to my friends ever again. That woman is the rudest person I've ever came across in the food service industry  - I'm amazed if you don't lose more customers because of her.
1	Only one vegeterian option and the service is really really bad.. the owner / serving lady gave me strange looks for asking vegeterian option.
3	Out of all the reviews I'm surprised no one has commented on the "ambiance" of this place. From the outside it looks scary. If I hadn't gone with someone who liked the place I would not have parked and gone inside. I will say this, it DOES feel very authentically Vietnamese in that when you step inside the restaurant it feels like you've been transported straight to Vietnam because all the furniture is old and a little dirty and all the decor on the walls has been there since the 80s and is faded and peeling.I am willing to look beyond ambiance if food is amazing, but the food here was only okay. I ordered the Pho Tai Bo Vien and there was nothing that great about it. I will say that the size of portions in relation to the price was fair.I really wanted to give this place 4 stars because I know it's locally owned by a family with two sweet daughters that are often sitting in the restaurant after school doing their homework, but I couldn't because the food didn't stand out as anything special to me.
5	The food here is fantastic.  The Pho is amazing,  The bun in amazing.  and the duck soup is AMAZING.  I love this place.  Make sure to go on a Thursday .. .  Peter and Van (the servers) are very cool.  They are patient and funny and they don't hesitate to help you with your selection.  I love Vietnamese food and there are three places that I like to eat at when I am craving it.  Maxim is always my first choice.
5	This is now my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in town! I have gone here a few times after trying it for the first time earlier this month. Not only is the food delicious but the waitress was very nice! She would make suggestions on how to dress up the food with the different sauces on the table. She doesn't do tell you in a pushy way, she is just being nice and helpful. I highly recommend #29.
5	This place never let's down. Great service tremendous food. The price is amazing for the quality of product. I recommend this place to any lover of pho or even someone who hasn't tried it yet. Can't get enough of this place. Probably be back for dinner
4	This is another restaurant I would never have known about if it weren't for the yelp app. It's easy to miss because it is at the end of a small strip mall on 19th Av. near Osborn. On different occasions I tried my favorite Vietnamese standards: pho, shrimp spring rolls, banh xeo, and rice vermicelli with pork. The food is good - I'd give it 3.5 stars; the quality is a tad below Pho Thanh's, but above Da Vang's. The service is great - for me, 4.5 stars. The hostess is always very friendly and the food is inexpensive, which is typical for Vietnamese restaurants.
5	I've been coming here for about 3 or 4 years now and it's been my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Phoenix. I have been to the others around the area and in my opinion Maxim has the BEST spring rolls! Their egg rolls are also pretty delicious. What sets this restaurant apart from the others is that they also have a Chinese food section. However, I only come here for the rolls and the Pho. Service is inconsistent but mostly great, I forget their names but there is always one man and one woman doing the serving and occasionally the kids when it gets busy. The woman always goes above and beyond, if you are unfamiliar with how to eat the food she takes the time to explain it.. She now recognizes me and knows what I order, she is SOOO nice! I came in sick one day and she said "I know exactly what you need!" And promptly came back with a special warm drink to ease my throat! :) the man is not as nice or friendly but does the job. I do love this place and I keep coming back because of the tasty food and the comfort it gives me when I come to eat.
4	Stopped in for a quick bowl of Pho... The service was Very Fast and the place was full, Very good, Pho . I do prefer a flat noodle, had the round rice noodle, but enjoyed  the meatball. I am a DaVang girl but this was very good...
5	Such a great place to eat! The food is outstanding! Definitely above the rest. The owners are very nice people and they take good care of this place.
3	My friend took me here for my first experience with pho. He had shrimp spring rolls and egg drop soup. There were various condiments on the table - soy sauce, hot sauce, sriracha, etc. and he went to town with those in his soup. And oh my god the soup bowls here are massive! They were bigger than my head! I ordered pho that came with sliced beef of various doneness and rice noodles. The broth and the noodles were delicious. I didn't care for any of the veggies that I could have added - bean sprouts, jalepeno, lime, etc. The beef was good but I didn't like that there was an edge of fat on many of the pieces. Had they trimmed that off, it would have been a 4-star experience.
4	Good Bowl of Pho, will bounce between here and the place on Camelback.  SOme of the best pork and shrimp spring rolls I have ever had.  A recommend for the discerning pho poeple out there.  In addition to that great traditional Chinese lunch specials, could go here with anyone.  Also, staff speaks good enough English which is a rarity.
5	I would park in a dirt lot, and eat this food off a truck. So with that being said the food is amazing. The portions are big, and very flavorful. I actually have taken pictures of the menu of the ones I really like so if I am somewhere else I can try to get it there (never the same) Food is fresh, owners and help are just the right amount of friendly, its a clean place, just no frills...  I happen to order the #35 ALOT. can't get enough of it. and gotta try the huge plate of smothered pork chopsThis is my Favorite Vietnamese restaurant.
4	Best place to get Pho by far, but actually everything is really great.  We go here at least 4 times a months
5	First time I checked out this place. Read some reviews on yelp and was just looking for a Vietnamese restaurant close to work. Absolutely love this place!  The food... Amazing, the service... Amazing!  Like family, was so warm and inviting from the moment you walked in.  I will go back again and again, consider me a regular.
4	Maxim is delicious! The neighborhood and building appear to be a little dicey, but don't let the dirt parking lot fool you, there is a delicious gem waiting inside. This is some of the best Pho I've ever had the pleasure of eating, the flavor depth of their broth is practically unparalleled. The spring rolls were brimming with shrimp, and they were a refreshing treat when it was 100 outside. The owners were friendly and attentive. Their prices were beyond fair, I don't know how they've managed to stay open for ten years and keep their quality and prices so reasonable. I can't wait to go back. If you prefer quality and authenticity opposed to presentation and decor, you will absolutely adore Maxim.
4	Service was perfect! And the food was more better. I shall return for more Pho and spring rolls. So delicious.-Above was my first review. This is my second. I love this very friendly and homey place. The food is delicious. I will return again again when I have a taste for Pho. Yum!
5	Great food...friendly service...and very reasonable!  Try some of their fresh lemonade instead of BYOB.
4	A friend suggested this place for lunch. Good call! The food was great as were the prices. My main complaint is that I didn't order what my friend did. His dish looked better than my Kung Pao beef (which was quite tastey.) Ill be back.
5	The food is fabulous. The prices are magnificent. If you're looking for a great restaurant with great food and fabulous service. Come to maxim. I get the #14 and the won ton soup is THE BEST I've ever had.
5	Love this place!  Family owned hole in the wall. My son and I go here fairly often for soup and spring rolls. If my son decides to order something different we're always sent home with hot & sour soup. Great staff and quality food :)
5	The food is outstanding! The prices were super reasonable and the service was stellar. The atmosphere is OK. The portion size was adequate. I will return!A solid 5 stars!!!
3	Food tasted decent. . Wish the owners spent some of their time cleaning the sauce bottles. .. most were less then 1/3 filled and the tops looked like it has not been washed or wiped for over a week. Just made the restaurant seem dirty. The owner was very pleasant and attentive.
4	Great food, and very reasonable.
4	Big portions, great price, good food.  I'll have to come back and try some new dishes.  There's a lot on the menu
5	The delicious, exciting blend of Chinese & Vietnamese cuisine, thoughtfully navigated by 'Maggie', a very personable server with an amazing memory, always makes for a satisfying visit. Anytime I'm craving Vietnamese, this is the first place I'm thinking of. If you love delicious hole-in-the-wall restaurants, you're gonna love this one!
4	So my fiance is the one who introduced me to this place,  she knows it since she was 12,  the food is amazing it makes me feel healthy and the prices are good too,  the only problem just as everyone here is saying,  is that skinny lady that works there she's rude to everyone,  when I first saw her I thought she's having a bad day so I told her him how r u and she didn't even look at me she kept chewing her gum,  and I was like wtf,  she took the joy that I had when I loved the food,  but in the other hand,  she won't deal breaker,  because she comes and go so fast, other staff are friendly and when u buy ice tea they will keep coming to refill it,  overall I only took one star off because that lady
4	Maxim was a quaint, little, mom and pop restaurant that served good food and served it up quickly! I ordered the pho with sliced beef and it was scrumptious and in front of me about 5 minutes after I ordered it! My friends and I got there a bit late, after normal dinner hours, so it was pretty empty, which was great because I'm not always a fan of noisy, crowded restaurants. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because I have to be really impressed to give a restaurant 5 stars and I just wasn't. Don't get me wrong, the food was great, but I've had better pho at nicer places, so 4 stars it is!
4	I went with my daughter for lunch. I had passed by many times and figured I give them my business Instead of going to Da Vang where I usually go for Vietnamese food. The lady who was hosting was very attentive she pulled out a chair for my daughter and came to help us right away. She answered all my questions and was friendly. Usually at these establishments staff is efficient but not  more than that. The place is very clean and organized all the tables had the utensils neatly arranged. My order of spring rolls came out first with peanut sauce, in used to the vinegar dip w shredded carrots which is the more authentic dip. The soup had rice noodles as they were out of egg noodles she said. I ordered a spicy pho with vegetables and the dumplings were stuffed with mushroom. I have never had pho with dumplings but this made it more filling and I loved the different tastes. The toppings to my pho were generous and the vegetables were fresh. I would definitely return to try more of their menu.
4	Best Pho in town! Hands down! I'm not a big Pho fan and I've tried several restaurants. But I must say, I greatly enjoy their Beef Pho. This is our go to place for lunch.
