4	Never been here before, but will definitely come back!I am an interior designer, which, sadly makes me a bit of a snob when it comes to housewares and such.Homegoods does not disappoint.Now, trust me, of course I didn't like everything in the store, but strolling up and down the aisles I found much more than I thought I would.Modern square plates at ($2.99 a piece), european stainless steel flatware, and a Calvin Klein duvet cover to die for.If you have time, and need some home goods, take the trip.And oh yes, they have sweet ladies that work there that are very helpful.  They really seem like they love their jobs and are happy to be there.
4	I'd give it a full 5 stars if it weren't for the prices.  I LOVE everything in this store, but was hoping for better deals.  Try to know what you're looking for because going in there without a plan can definitely backfire.
3	I like Homegoods for the knick knack stuff and some homeware but both times I've visited I get overwhelmed by the clutter... I try really hard to find something to buy because it seems like a great deal, but I've been unsuccessful. I would go back only if I knew exactly what I need. This is not a place to browse because you would buy a lot of stuff and come home with things that don't work with your decor at home, unless your home looks like Homegoods, Ross or Marshalls.
5	If Yelp had more stars Home Goods would get them all from me.  I love this store but have to be very careful when I go there.  It's like shopping at Costco for one thing - you can't!!  The store has become addictive to me and the best thing about the addiction is that I can savor it.   Every time I go into that store, which is often, there is a whole new array of merchandise.   The store is owned by T.J. Max so they get merchandise from so many other stores that have overstocks, unsold items or discontinued merchandise.  THIS IS NOT TUESDAY MORNING MERCHANDISE!!If you're looking for seasonal items, they have huge displays of dishware, serving pieces,  and more for every season. Everything of course is new but the prices are much lower than the items originally sold for.   I love that I can buy 1 cup or one dish without having to buy the whole place setting.   Furniture is one of a kind so if you like something buy it on the spot or you're out of luck.  This store carries everyything from cookware, kitchen gadgets, dishware and glassware to lamps, furniture, linens and decorator items.   The list goes on.  If you've never been here I suggest you do it and do it often - as I said the merchandise changes every  few days.   Okay,  see what I've done? Now I have to go there today.
5	HomeGoods is fabulous.  There is such a wonderful variety of items available.  I love that they always have new items coming in every week.  The holiday selection is is so different from other stores, their merchandise has character!I have found it best to go into the store with a "mission." You need to know what you are looking for or a theme that you are working with or else you can get lost and wander around aimlessly.  The prices are always great.  The return policy is good.The people at the St. Rose/Eastern location are always helpful and nice.
3	Good place to go if you are looking for things to decorate your home. The prices are pretty good, but as usual walking into a Homegoods is like going to the swap meet. You can never find anything and there is a ton of junk to sift through in order to find a few jems.
3	I bought Ralph Lauren towels at a fraction of the price I paid for them at a department store down the street. Only problem was I washed them on low ONCE and they started falling apart.On the same day I also bought a beautiful rug made in India that was a steal at $75. Only problem was the smell. For three weeks I put it in the garage and outside on the weekend to air it out. NOPE. I go to finally use it and it smells like crusty camel taint. HOME NOT SO GOODS3 Stars still because the manager was cool about letting me return the bunk items.
5	Love this place. Decorate my house with this place
1	I have been to many Home Goods location but this one is one of my favorite. They have many selections to choose from. It's bigger than other locations I've been to and higher end selections. Only negative side is the employees aren't friendly. They do their job but a smile on their face will be nice.
5	OMG! Where to begin...LoL! Home Goods has been my one-stop-shop ever since I bought my home back in 2008. It's kind of dangerous for me (and my mom) to walk in this place...we practically leave with the entire store every time we go in there.There are so many great, quality items you can by for so much cheaper...it's amazing! Be warned...if you love something, take it right then and now. Don't leave it and go back for it...chances are it's gone!They are constantly receiving new things, that I try to make weekly trips to see what I can get. Highly recommended...you won't be disappointed! :-)
4	I am willing to traverse town to find great deals. Usually, I intersperse a visit to a friend's house with shopping. With this HomeGoods, it is just down the street from my house. I could practically throw a stone from my backyard. This is a bonus and a danger. Now I must fight off boredom and not wander through to buy more than I need to. There throw blankets are the best quality of all the discounted furnishing places. They are soft, warm, and come in many styles and colors. If you find one that fits your house, scoop it up. They tend to be cheap at $20.
3	This is a dangerous store. Some many decorative items! If you're in need of something for your home - everything from end tables to bathroom towels to mirrors to throw pillows to wine glasses - chances are this place has it. The checkout line / process can take awhile. Some prices are a good bargain, but a lot of them are no better than other higher-end chains.
5	Never been to a Homegoods store before today's visit.  What a great selection of inventory.  I don't know how you could walk in here an not find at least one thing you need.  So many friendly and helpful workers.  We will return again soon.  Recommended to everyone~
4	Homegoods is a great concept... Thanks TJMaxx. It does require some digging and patience but some finds are worth it. Just don't get caught up and start over buying bc things are quite cheap... That's always my issue. Luckily they have a 30 day return policy which is decent (not great but tolerable) This store has a decent selection in comparison to several others that I've been to. It's worth a look especially if you're in need of more decorative items.
3	Love some of the items, but many, not all of the employees are so rude it's really incredible . The ladies on the kitchen area are always angry and acting as thought they resent customers moving of looking at items. I mean if I worked there as much of a mess as it is I would hate my life also. Which brings me to another subject:the store is always a complete mess and most of the aisles over on the furniture section are usually blocked off by merchandise. The other day I had gone to look at the furniture and one of the sales ladies was pulling down a rug  off of the rack. The rug was on the floor and I started to bend it back so I could pass by with my shopping cart. She told me "no "you can't move that I'm pulling in down for a customer and told me to go around. Since the  aisles in the furniture section were blocked off by more furniture and boxes it was impossible "to go around" , so I continue to pull back the rug and pass by with my shopping cart. She made this noise like  "hmmph" and I told her don't you dare "hmmph" at me , if you would clean up the store and unblock the aisles I would be happy to go back through another route! Unbelievable ! I should wait 10 minutes to pass whine she takes this rug down !?  I like the deals , but the rude unhappy sakes people are a bit too much !
5	I love this store u find all types of decor in here. It's organize and the staff is sweet . Plus I can always find my moroccan stuff here which Is really nice
4	Great store with great pricing. Just about everything you would want. Sometimes its a bit difficult to find a matching pair but for the most part, good service and very easy to find what you are looking for. Found pet items, bath towels and wine glasses.
4	Remember when you were a kid and got excited about going to the toy store? That's exactly how I feel when walking into this place. Now that I'm older, I get excited for home decor. They have everything and anything you need to furnish and decorate your house. Once you walk in, it's pretty self explanatory on where everything is. There's a kitchen area with pots/pans, plates/dishes, spices/oils, etc. The bathroom area has tons of colorful towels and other necessities to choose from. I was pretty disappointed in the bedding area. Not too much to choose from and it was hard to find the matching comforter and sheets. I was also disappointed with the paintings/picture area. Nothing that really stood out or caught my attention. Just your basic flowers and stuff like that. I did love their variety of furniture. Fancy chairs, side tables, and chests to choose from. They also have an area for children's rooms, holidays, and decorative pillows. On my last trip, I went a little crazy and spent about $200 for a side table and stuff to decorate our guest bathroom. Prices are super reasonable and it's exciting to find new things you "need." My new fave spot for home stuff!!
4	I'm such an addict. I go on these binge trips where I shop at no place else but one store over and over and over again. During the Christmas season I found myself at this store about 3 times a week over a period of a month. I'm sure the sales people recognize me. I have this habit of buying and returning things like clockwork. But each time I return one item, I buy 3 more. So I think HomeGoods is doing just fine with all the traffic I create.There are some killer finds in this store but it's still good to have an app on your phone to scan items and look online to see if you're getting the best deal. It's a pretty fun store to browse and browse. It's got a little crazy feeling like a Ross or Marshall's because @#$# is just everywhere.... but I guess that's their merchandising tactic. Make it feel more discount-y by cramming as much stuff into the shelves as possible.You'll find some great bric-a-brac for the kitchen. I bought some really nice Global knives here for about 30% off department store prices. I've also bought many pet blankets, beds and clothes. My doggie doesn't know what a HomeGoods advertisement he is.This is not a store you can just "run in" and grab something. It's all about the shopping and finding.
