4	This store is pretty big and filled with lots of decor to spruce up your home. It's really cute and would fit if your decor style is more on the contemporary country charm side.  So my interior design doesn't really fit this mold but they do have merchandise that can be worked into any home.  There's so much to look at I didn't know where to begin. So be forewarned you'll be in there for awhile.   Lots of unique items. Like this cute apron made from a denim pants! (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rod-works-las-vegas-2?select=utHJqZC1CrWvWHc2fy5lng#utHJqZC1CrWvWHc2fy5lng)  I picked up a jewelry/mirror stand that swivels. Haven't seen in any other home decor store before. The store layout is spacious, but it felt cluttered in some sections. Their merchandise is somewhat organized. Kitchen items are in one corner, picture frames in another corner, there's a section where they have all the wall clocks on display. Seasonal and holiday items are bunched together so you can get some home deco ideas. They have carts of home accents allover the place though, so if you're looking for say a table top sign or one of the wall signs, those are spread out everywhere.  The store is decorated really cute though. Sales staff was nice. First time I came here I was acknowledged. Other times I just walk in and walk out. For the most part they pretty much leave you alone to browse and are there if you have any questions.  The items I bought were carefully packaged. The prices are pretty reasonable. I follow their profile page now to check up on their stock and sales.  So check it out after you get a bite to eat.  They're in the pad right across from Doc Hollidays.
5	I absolutely LOVE this store!!! I have been here many, many times, I use the coupon out of the www.zipcodemagazines.com and get a discount. They have ALOT of cute decorations for the house, great gifts for family and friends, very unique items. The prices are right and the service is attentive.
5	If you like home decor stores then you'll love this place!  When I walked in I was in heaven.  "WOW," I thought, "...I want all the things!"  I was greeted when I walked in and the staff are friendly and helpful.  The store smells delightful!  And I was surprised at how reasonable the prices are.  Also, I always see a coupon for 25% off one item in the 89012 coupon book.  The store is very spacious but laid out very well.  There was something to see everywhere!  I must have spent a good half hour just doing a loop, making a mental note of all the items I wanted to come back to.   I think any design style can find even a small knick knack or something for any crevice or cranny of your home that you don't want to leave without.  I'll probably go in every now and then to see what new items they have.  You should grab your coupon and check it out!
4	I have driven by here over and over and finally came in. I love the unique items they have in here for decore. They change things often. While I was in there they were actually putting out the Christmas items. Reasonably priced.  I know they open at 10 and I believe close 7pm. I will go back
5	Adorable! So many unique and fun things! My whole house could use a make over and this would be a one stop shop!
