2	Very mediocre --- tastes one notch above a frozen Tombstone pizza.  The pizza itself really only deserves 1 star, but their selection of toppings makes up for it.  There are other items on the menu that may be better, but since this is "Pizza" Picazzo, I'd expect better.  Rosati's is a much better option in the area.
3	Pizzas are good here, but way too much garlic for my taste.  I do like the salads and the huge cookie topped with ice cream dessert is awesome.  I sometimes make excuses to go to Phoenix just for the dessert.One thing to note, the location in Sedona smothered the dessert in whip cream and chocolate sauce, the one on Frank Lloyrd Wright Blvd did not.  Is it strange I now bring my own bottle of whip cream with me?
4	The pizza is very good here, with decent lunch specials.  Or split a whole pizza pie!  Service isn't the fastest, but that just means these pizzas aren't sitting under heatlamps (I hope).
4	This is a good pizzeria. It is not great. It doesn't rival any pizzeria back in NY, of where I hail. It is not the Brick Oven pizzeria in Summit, NJ. However, for the most bland, white washed, white bread place on the planet, it is good pizza. Do not order the weird garlic bread crust, just order the original thin crust. As for which pizza to order, there is only one that is truly good. It is the QUATTRO FORMAGGI. Okay, okay, hang on, it is not like any quattro formaggi you would pick up at 1 am in North Caldwell, NJ. But let's be real, we are in Scottsdale, the fact that they put quatto formaggi on the menu without putting in brackets (4 cheese) so the many presbyterian woman would know what it meant is an accomplishment. Moreover, no one in Scottsdale is even out at 1 am. Those presbyterian women have to be in bed by 11, why does anyone need to be up at 1 am?This is a really good pizza. The combination of flavors is fabulous. It is dead on. There is the sweetness of the pears that mixes with the sharpness of the gorgonzola. It is the correct blend of flavors that mix in your mouth, dance on your taste buds and allow you to say that this pizza is alright.This is a good place to grab a pizza.
3	With such a creative name, you'd think the pizza would be a little snazzy, creative take on the norm.  Being an artist as well, the mural was a little loud and disruptive and nothing like the name suggests.  I do remember the wavy silverware being quaint.  That's kind of sad that I remember the silverware more than the food.No bang for my buck here, it's like eating overpriced Pizza Hut with a few higher end ingredients here and there.
4	They have the best lunch specials here. For like six bucks you get a huge slice of pizza, huge side salad, and a drink. I think I am little overly enthused about this place because it was right next to my apartment in Flagstaff, but I really do think they have good pizza. My favorite pizza here is Fire in the Hole with garlic crust. You can also find a great variety of vegetarian pizza options as well as pizzas with alfredo sauce instead of marinara. Nice restaurant for a date.Crazy Salads and Pizzas.
4	I was in Scottsdale for business and got lost inside the ginormous circular/outdoor mall/shopping plaza that Picazzo was in while looking for something to eat for dinner. I know the signs outside say they have award winning lunch specials and I hoped that extended into dinner, of course. First of all, $18 for a medium pizza (6 slices)!?!?! Damn. I figured it must be fantastic, and I thought ... what the hell. I got the Bourbon Street Pizza. It smelled awful the whole drive back to my hotel. So pungent and fowl, I immediately regretted my decision. Sure enough, 5 minutes later, it was one of the best tasting pizzas I've put in my mouth (deja vu for me). Credit goes out to the hand-tossed dough, and the quality of the ingredients. I liked it so much I went back two days later to get a Pesto Margerita pizza. It was just ok. For a fancy pizza, it was better than a chain pizzaria (sp?) could make it, but not as good as before. They did, however, make an Awshm tortilla enchilada soup, and their bread is great. I give them four stars because I don't live here, and the novelty of eating fancy schmancy pizza that's not called california pizza kitchen (I live in LA) was, well, a bit of a novelty. There were so many items on the menu I wanted to try that I'll give them the benefit of the doubt, even though their pizza is ridiculously expensive and smells awful (both time, what are the odds?). Still, tastes great.
5	This is one of my favorite lunch places.  They have a WONDERFUL lunch special which includes one slice of pizza and a salad for an affordable price.  They have good service during lunch and you can sit inside or on the patio, depending on the weather.  Also, ask what the special slice of the day is...  it is very hit or miss.  But, sometimes you can find a gem!!!
2	I've been to three Pizza Picazzo locations, and this one absolutely blew,. The reason? Service with a capital S. I invited a very large group out to lunch (made reservations the day before).  The waitress was rude, rude, rude and completely incompetent. When someone asked how large the slices were, she answered 'regular." We kept waiting for her to laugh or smile, but she never did. It turned out "regular" was her answer to just about everything -- we now use "regular" as an inside joke at the office. She also kept us waiting AT LEAST an hour and a half for the check and was largely a mirage during the entire meal. Worst service EVER. Food was good (though I agree that it could be considered overpriced), but that was completely overshadowed by the horrible service.
4	We love this place for lunch!  It's near my husband's work and we go often.  The service is good and quick, so he's never stressed about time.  They have a lunch special which runs $7-$9, depending on what type of pizza you choose.  You get a decent sized slice and an abundant side salad, as well as a drink for that price.  You can't beat that for lunch these days.
5	The gluten-free crust is perfect. I'm not even gluten intolerant. I just love the crispy deliciousness. Awesome!
1	Have you ever been to a place & walked out feeling like you were ass raped?  well, if you're into that, you'll love this joint!!!The food is terrible....but I felt even worse because it was expensive for the shit they gave you.  We got a medium sausage, which at any other place is a very small pizza, and it was $22 with tax & tip (no drinks...just water).  Don't be fooled by this "gourmet" shit either.  The crust is tasteless & the quality just isn't there.when I compare this to say Oreganos, they are not even in the same ball league.skip this joint....and save your money.
2	I was asked here by friends because they liked it so much.  I did not have the heart to tell them that I was less than impressed.  The service was terrible.  The waiter did not seem familiar with the menu, was slow,  and eventually...wrong.  I ordered a thick crust because it looked so appealing, and he arrived with a thin crust.  I made my own pizza of a favorite combination, and never before...anywhere...has it been so tasteless.  How can Italian sausage be tasteless!?  Somehow Picazzo managed it.  I give them credit for a terrific side salad; great house dressings are difficult to find.
1	Looks like I'm going along with the crowd on this one. Ate at the Frank Lloyd Wright location yesterday, and that will be the last time they see my smiling face walk through their doors.The service was awful, and started when the waitress who sat us gave us the "Oh lord, you have a CHILD???" She actually told us to enjoy our meal, unfortunately she was already 10 feet away with her back to us when she said it. Wow...never felt that welcome before!The food (a small thin crust shrimp scampi pizza, a child's cheese pizza and a salad with chicken) took forever. And when it finally arrived, it was a whole lot less than satisfying.The salad was bland, with two pieces of chicken and 12 tons of lettuce. The child's pizza was okay, but how can you screw that one up, right? The scampi pizza was another story entirely.When you order a $15.00 pizza, you expect to maybe have a couple slices left over for tomorrow's lunch, right? Not at ol' Picazzo's! Here's a pic of the pathetic pie. FIFTEEN DOLLARS, ladies and gentlemen. That's $1 per shrimp! What a bargain!!I've had microwave pizzas you cook on that little gray paper box that were tastier and crisper. Soggy...bland....tiny....nothing redeeming whatsoever.Needless to say, we won't be back to Pizza Peeweecazzo. Ugh.
2	Our pizza was good with premium toppings, and I loved the bar glassware and tap choices, but holy cow they shaft you with high prices.  I know it's supposed to be gourmet and everything but come on, come on, it is only pizza.
4	I've been to this place three times and have enjoyed it every time.  The service has been good.  No complaints.We really like the thin crust pizza's.  And the salads have been big and tasty.  Spliting one small pizza and a salad with my wife if plenty for us.We've also had the lunch special of a large slice of pizza and a salad.  Just the right amount of food and tasty.My wife and I think the prices seem fair for the good quality of the food.This is now our first choice for Pizza, since we aren't going to drive all the way downtown and wait two hours at Chris Biancos every time we want pizza.
4	Yes,I see the negative reviews below, and agree that maybe the prices are a bit steep, but we had a splendid dining experience there on Friday evening.Picture this - in comes two rowdy kids and a couple of overheated parents and everything *could've* gone badly. But they didn't. Our waitress (7 mos. preggers!) could've been surly, but she was very helpful and friendly. The hostess brought out a couple of table toys (Barbie laptop, Etch-A-Sketch) to entertain our kids - it worked. My wife had to order from the gluten free menu, and there was no fuss at all from the waitress. She gave us time to order, they brought us bread at the table when we asked (for the kids) and didn't charge us. My wife order the salad which was huge and we split it deliciously. My ravioli with gorgonzola was excellent, the kids' Margherita pizza was yummy (though they didn't really like the tomatoes on top) , and my wife's gluten-free eggplant meal was great.Sure the bill topped $60, and I tipped her nicely, so I wouldn't make this an every weekend place, but it certainly fit the tab on Friday night.
4	This was my second trip to Picazzo's.  I went to one in Tempe when it first opened a few years ago.  I don't remember much about it but I guess it couldn't have been too bad because I went back.This time, I went on a Thursday night at about 7:30 and the place was mostly dead.  We were seated promptly on the patio per our request because the weather is finally tolerable outside.  Our party of 3 ordered a cheap bottle of wine, the baked brie to start, a Caesar and a wedge salad, and a large thin crust pizza.  Our small salads were HUGE but very very good.  The large salads are probably as big as the table and could feed a small army.  The baked brie was also very sizable but very good as well.  The give you a bunch of flat bread, 2 roasted cloves of garlic and 2 melted chunks of brie.  The pizza (1/2 peperoni, sausage and ricotta, and 1/2 pesto & artichoke) was also very tasty.  I would definitely get the peperoni, sausage and ricotta pizza again.The next time I visit I would just get a salad and pizza to share.  I didn't realize that the portions would be so ginormous.  The salads, appetizer and pizza could have seriously fed around 5 people.  I guess that is why they can get away with charging so much for their food.I see some issues with the service here on Yelp, but our waiter was very fast and friendly and I couldn't have asked for anyone better.I will definitely be back again.Oh, and this place is on restaurant.com so before you go you can buy a $25 or $50 gift certificate for just a couple bucks.  It was well worth it for us and would do it again.
5	I just got done reading all of the reviews. Wow! I must say that my experience with this restaurant is different then most people's. I have been here 3 times and if I am driving down to the Valley, I make it a point to try to eat here. I have only been here for lunch. On all 3 occasions, our service was excellent and the food was fresh and outstanding! We get the pizza, salad and drink lunch combo. Plenty of food for the price.I am guessing that the average consumer doesn't understand all that goes into the pricing at a restaurant. Not only do you have the cost of your overhead (rent and utlilities), but you have labor costs and food costs. If you are using fresh food (as Picazzo's does) the cost goes up. So if you like fresh food that doesn't come from a jar, box or can, then you have to pay the price. I for one and willing to spend an extra few bucks and know that I am getting fresh food prepared from scratch.I highly recommend Picazzo Pizza. Enjoy!
5	I just started going back to Picazzo's after a hiatus (no reason, just hadn't happen to go for a long time). I love their new philosphy! They are really trying to focus on using organic and healthy ingredients and are implementing more green, sustainable practices - definitely love supporting that! I've had lunch there twice in the past month. We sat out on their nice covered patio (complete with misting fans and sunshades for when it heats up). The first time we each ordered their lunch special (a perfect hearty meal - 1 slice of pizza, a salad, and a drink for only $7.95). My favorite is the puttanesca slice (tomato, artichoke hearts, olives, feta), but make sure to ask what their slice of the day is. My favorite salads are the Chopped Italian, Pear Gorgonzola, or Spinach. Yesterday we ordered a small Diavola pizza (carmelized onions, roasted peppers, pepperoni, and spicy sausage) and the spinach salad. The diavola is one of my favorites - I'm a sucker for carmelized onions and roasted peppers and it has a little spice to it. My boyfriend loves the Organic Santa Cruz sparkling lemonade they offer there, so we usually order that (I also like their regular strawberry lemonade). They offer a great variety of menus items - appetizers, salads, pastas, pizzas, and more. They have a wide variety of crust options (including gluten-free), They also have a "pizookie" style pan cookie (a solid dessert, but nothing comes close to Oregano's). They have a good wine selection and bar too. With all of the selection, there is definitely something for everyone. Keep in mind this isn't Domino's or Papa John's. The pizzas run in the $15-23 range, but it's worth it!I'd definitely recommend Picazzos!
3	Lunchtime on a Friday. Seated quickly , greeted well even though we're in the cube-dweller class. It looked like a summer dress was part of the dress codeThe baked spicy chipotle wings were rather enjoyable though most of them could have used  some time in the gym to build a bit of muscle, not greasy and hot enough to be interesting. The entree was chicken & chorizo pasta from the gluten free menu and while it really really looked the part  the only two ingredients that had any real taste were the artichoke and the roasted peppers. Seriously organic, oops, cilantro should be a little more present but it just didn't work well as a meal, as a photograph I assure you it would have rocked. I tried a piece of my coworkers gf free pizza and that was definitely the best base  of it's type I've had in Phoenix but that's a really relative term:.The value is not there.Prefixing everything with organic is redundant and probably adds 1/3 to the menu's size:)  Nearly beats Flo's out for lunchtime noise the main area is pretty harsh and reflective  and regardless of what it looks like  it feels like mall food court.   I can't see  the need to pay $25 at lunch for OK being a regular occurence,
2	THE ONLY REASON THIS PLACE EVEN GOT TWO STARS IS BECAUSE THE DRINKS WERE PRETTY GOOD!!!When in there for lunch today (Sunday) was pretty impressed with the decor and music...They were pretty busy inside (had a huge party of about 20 maybe) so it took awhile for our drink order to be taken (understandable)Drinks came... pretty good stuffMy sister and I shared a Caesar Salad and Marg Pizza... Caesar Salad came out we began eating... I find a DEAD BUG in it. It took awhile for the waitress to come over for me to tell her what was in my salad... by that time our pizza had come out... I was TOO GROSSED OUT to even want to eat it. The manager (I am assuming... she never said who she was or gave a name) seemed shocked that we didn't want the pizza and proceeded to ask why we didn't want the pizza. I told her there was a bug in my salad and didn't want to eat anything anymore, and said she could go look at the DEAD BUG on my plate to see why I was grossed out. She left and came back to explain that their were no bugs in their kitchen, but that it was the type of bug that comes in the salad when it's shipped, but that they did wash the lettuce (obviously not well enough, I'm the customer why am I getting a lesson on eating when I've eaten countless salads in my life)... she never asked if there was anything else they could do or offer to buy a round of drinks, or offer for a free pizza on our next visit (nothing to try and help remedy the problem) AND we ordered another round of drinks and still waited more than what I believe should have been appropriate for a table that was unsatisfied with what was going on.We were then not followed up with by her, or even acknowledged again. In the end it's not the servers fault that this had happen, but being in the hospitality industry I understand what GOOD customer service is, and when you apparently don't care about a table... We were charged for everything, the waitress had to take the check back to take off salad and pizza. It is a shame the manager could care less about this event.. I'm normally VERY forgiving when stuff like this happens, but how the situation was handled infuriates me and I am very unhappy with my experience at this establishment.If your place is going to be busy with a big party, OVER STAFF!!! Have more than one person at the bar, and have one server taking care of the HUGE party.
3	Just great! The gluten free pizza crust is really good. Be sure to order it crispy otherwise it can be kinda chewy (unless you like chewy, then order it however you want). I really dig the BBQ Chicken pizza but I think that they might have recently changed the sauce or something. It's tasted different to me the last time I went. If they haven't changed the sauce, then I *COULD* be loosing my mind. Either way, it didn't taste as good this time around. Just saying
5	Most organic items I have ever seen on a menu. Very good food and service. They seem to be quite busy, looks like lots of people are enjoying the food as well. Much higher quality food than you would normally get when eating out.
