4	This is a great place to come to if you are in need of an eye doctor. Dr. Ha is amazing with his patients and remembers even the smallest details even if you only see them once a year. They are in need of an update to their frame selection, as I have been going there for 5 years.
5	Dr. Ha and his staff are outstanding. I've been going here for 4 years and will continue to go here as long as I live in the valley.  I bought my current pair of Dior frames from here and always get compliments on them.Dr. Ha provides genuine service, remembers details about your life, and makes you feel really comfortable.  After I quit my job and lost my vision insurance, he offered a cash discount on my lenses which was really accommodating.  Also, his staff took accountability and called me when it took over 1 week to replace my lenses because they ordered to incorrect lenses.  Although there was a slight delay, I was impressed by their ownership for the error.
1	After 3 visits there, I went to get a second opinion. The second opinion stated my eyes were not overly dry and I should not have been using the steroid drops, that different contacts work for different people and if I wanted to stick to the ones I liked that was fine (they told me to try their recommended brand), and that my prescription was off.Further more, while they offer safety glasses, they do not keep up in terms of new styles and frames.
5	Full disclosure, I am not a paying customer. I was visiting Las Vegas and lost a screw in my Rx sunglasses. Vision Source was the nearest optometrist, I stopped in, and the nice folks there replaced the screw with no charge, and in a friendly way. I was very appreciative for this.
5	Friendly staff, huge selection of glasses and styles, new and modern equipments. Dr. Ha is very courteous and professional, very patience and he's a perfectionist! he made sure i have the right prescription before i leave his office.
5	Great service, friendly staff, many selection of brand name frames.
