5	I have been waiting for this location to open and today was a truly special day! I would recommend this pizza to everyone. It really is that good! High quality ingredients and great sauce with a choice of original or thin crust, makes this pie to die for! Tonight I brought home the Barro's Special which has pep, mush, ham, grn. peppers and onion. I added jalapenos on half for my husband. I am not a huge fan of ham but it was so good. Thin, small slices tossed evenly over my beautifully baked order. The cheese is just the right amount ( by this I mean you can still see the other toppings) and cooked to a perfect golden brown! I might add black olives next time, but seriously this thing was just the right amount of meat to veggie toppings as is.The place is huge compared to the 67th Ave and 101 location. Salad bar looked clean and fresh. They have booths and stand alone tables. Very family friendly place. The employees are also very helpful and pleasant. They have lots of specials going on at the restaurant and online coupons too! Lunch specials include a slice, salad and drink for 4.25!!! Wowzza! XL pizza and 24 wings for 23.99! So what are you waiting for? Go get some!! Peace!
5	I didn't believe in God until he put a Barro's Pizza near my home.  In fact I thought he was in with the Devil just to torture me with the crappy pizza we have!  So now I pray every night and thank my lucky stars that I can have Barro's pizza delivered to my home at any given time....so I have to support them as much as possible.  That wont be hard since the pizza is so good and such a good value, you can stop in for the lunch specials which I normally pick up either 2 slices and a drink for $4 or a slice, drink, & salad bar for $4.25!  Ar you kidding?  Such a good price for such good food, I dare you to go across the way to 1 Brothers Pizza....you too will be thanking the Barro Pizza Gods!
5	I was thrilled to see they were opening a Barro's near our home, I had eaten at the one near Thunderbird and 7th Street by my work and was a fan of the lunch specials.  The pizza is just right, not too much sauce or cheese.  And they have the best chicken wings in the area by far.  I recommend the honey bbq!  The delivery service is good, the pizza always shows up nice and hot and the service in the restaurant is great too.  The ladies that work there are always smiling and hover from table to table offering more napkins and checking to see if you need anything else.  If you live up near Lake Pleasant and Happy Valley, don't go anywhere else, Barro's is the best!
4	The pizza is very good I have ate there a number of times since they have opened. I only had one (1) bad pizza out of 15-20. NOT bad I think. The only reason I can't give them a 5 is the girls are young and rather play and  jole around rather wait on you. This has happened a number of times. I will walk in and have to wait to place my order cause they are talking and joking with each other rather then wait on customers. But teens will be be teens and they just don't take things seriously.
1	R you guys serious? This is the worst pizza... It's like petesfish and chips every one is stuck on it and it's out right nasty...
4	Best pizza in the West Valley!  So sad that Duner's left town, but now there is a decent pizza place fairly close to home.  And ... they deliver!  Wings are good too.  Next time you are craving pizza and don't want to drive, call for delivery.  You won't be disappointed.  We had the meat pizza and also the sausage.  Their sausage is delicious.  Just go for it!
1	I use to like Barrows but this location has TERRIBLE service. I have been there twice, both times received unfriendly service. Second visit received the wrong order (twice) and was actually asked, 'Well do you want it?'. Was also charged the wrong amount. No concern or correction from staff of their careless mistakes. Pizza was as greasy as possible with no flavor. Will not be returning.
4	My husband have eaten here once a week for about 3 months. They have only got our order wrong once and kindly corrected their mistakes. The staff is very friendly over the phone and in person. The pizza is delicious and my husband loves the wings.
4	I will just start by saying I really like this place. I have no reservations going here for lunch or taking my family out to eat. I have been here by myself and with extended family on several occasions and the quality of food and the staff is consistent.Barro's pizza is second to none. At least for me that is. It isn't my wife's favorite but she knows I like it so much that she takes one for the team for my sake. All of the pizzas I have had from pepperoni to the works type are very good. Fresh, good ingredients, a little more sauce than other pizza joints make for an awesome pie. Please don't go here and buy a salad. That would completely negate the awesome which is waiting to be made for you.The other options are also rather good as well. The wings are not my favorite but they are still very good. They are bigger than most wings in the area and the sauce is thicker and stickier than comparable wings as well. They aren't the style I usually prefer but they are big and meaty nonetheless. The flavor is good and the heat is predictable depending on the grade you select. The salad bar always has fresh ingredients if that is your persuasion. I have had one before and they have some good dressings as well. Thankfully, my wife really likes to eat the salad while I devour the pizza she doesn't care for very much.It's a great little pizza place. Good service, good food, good location and ambiance. Booths and large tables for lots of people or little tables for a quick lunch. I would definitely recommend.
5	Barros is Barros.  Always great pizza.  Definitely top five in the valley.  Been eating Barros since they only had one store on 7th Street.....yeah, I'm old, so what?
4	Perty good pizza. My boyfriend's family says it's their favorite pizza in the area - easy to see why!
5	We, meaning a group of  neighbors go to Barro's every Monday night.  We get great service and love the folks work there.  The food is excellent and we are really treated right.  We use to go to one of their competitors but switched to Barro's about a year ago.  Thinking about pizza, wings, or pasta........ stop thinking and go to Barro's.                                     My best to the folks there,    Paul
1	Meat Lovers pizza:  They must use some sort of meat that is loaded with salt...wow!  Really bad.  Reallllly salty.  Never again.And I heard so many rave about Barro's...what happened?Update:Ate there a second time and the pizza was okay--not great but good.Ate there a third time last night and the pizza I had and my friend had was SOGGY!  Yes, soggy!  We are guessing they froze the cheese, used it while it was still frozen as there was such a rush of a crowd and it made the pizza literally drip--yes, you read that right--with a watery substance.NEVER AGAIN...and this time I mean it...NEVER EVER AGAIN!!!!
5	I've been eating at Barros since the late 1980's and I have to say it is the best everyday pizza in the valley. Always our go-to and will continue to be!
4	We stopped in while we were out for a motorcycle ride. I wasn't really sure what to expect but we were happy when we got our food. We had pepperoni and half black olive, half green olive. The pizza was great and the crust was delicious. I also saw a tray of wings go by that looked fantastic and made me wish I would have taken advantage of the special. (X-large pizza and wings $26)  The price was right too! Just over $22 for 4 of us to eat. Sure beats Micky D's that shares the parking lot. I am looking forward to trying the location closer to home.
4	We were out riding around and stopped for lunch. Pleasantly surprised that the food was so good. Modest prices. Clean restaurant.
5	Barros is friggin amazing. Wed and fridays lunch specials are the best. Tuesdays are pretty good too, and sat. The ranch is soooooo good. Imo. This is some the best pizza im town. By far! And the lunch special simply cant be beat!  Anyone that says this is "bad pizza" dhould not be eating pizza. If you like thin crust, then go to Ray's--which is also amazing, but dont call it bad pizza just because you dont like thick crust, this bread, tons of cheese, and topped with amazingness.
5	This place is awesome. Every time I go in there the staff is pleasant the food is good and there is always a good game on. It would be cool if they had a full bar but hey can't complain. It nice because the kids can run around and it truly is like a pizza parlor. Get some video games and it takes me back to the old days. Salad bar is always good, pizza is amazing. The only advice would to maybe not charge for extra ranch and make the salad bar unlimited. Just a few suggestions. Keep up the great job
2	Barro's Pepperoni Pizza is the saltiest pizza I have ever tasted!The Hot Wing Pizza was very dry.  There were only a few little flecks of chicken here and there.  Not really enough to even taste like chicken.There are so many pizza places around here, I will probably try those out first before ordering from here again.
2	I have not ate here for a while. Tonight we got 2 pizza's they were very salty. Pizza has gone down since they opened.
1	We just started ordering from Barro's Pizza. We have ordered about 4 pizzas now and we mine as well pour a container of salt down our throats. The pizza can be good if it weren't for the tons of salt they poor on. This is not the only reason for my 1 star. We decided to order sandwiches tonight and mozzarella sticks. My Husband ordered the roast beef sandwich. It is supposed to come with tomato, lettuce, cheese and mayo. He received a sandwich with roast beef and a little bit of cheese. Both sandwiches and mozzarella sticks were cold. We asked for marinara sauce, obviously for the sticks, and that was missing. We called and spoke with the manager and he had to send someone else it with the sauce. After that was when my husband opened his sandwich and realized what was missing. After another call to the manager, he said "well, we have a new cook and well get another sandwich out". Really? There is a new cook??? So what, he should have offered a coupon for something for the next time or refunded some money. Shouldn't the "new" cook know the menu? Obviously this Co doesn't care about customer service. We had to wait for the marinara, then the correct roast beef sandwich so I can warm everything up together. Never again. We won't be ordering from them anymore.
4	Pizza places are a dime a dozen in this neck of the woods..and having visited just about every one of them....I always come back to Barro's.  Yes, it may be because it's the closest to our house, but seriously, the pizza is always consistently good. We usually order the traditional pie with all meat, cheese or pepperoni. The cheese is great on these pizzas, super fresh tasting and lots of it. I'm not a fan of over-sauced pizza, so that's probably why I like Barro's.  They put just the right amount on so you're not overwhelmed by the sauce, but you can still taste the toppings, the cheese and the delicious pizza dough. If the four of us are eating for dinner, we order an extra large....enough for left overs for midnight snack or wrap it up for school lunches the next day.Wings are great here too....They are meaty and juicy. Served with lots of wing sauce and ranch dressing. We only get the mild traditional, and they are barely spicy at all.Convenient location to us, consistently good, great staff, competitive prices and clean restaurant. I'll keep coming back for more.
5	This place has really good pizza. We love the Barros Special and have it delivered when we come here. Delivery service is always prompt and the pizza is hot and delicious!
5	Wonderful pizza with a great taste and crust. We received excellent service and enjoyed the sports/family atmosphere. Visiting from out of the area and we definitely will be back. Our kids devoured the pizza and breadsticks.
1	Went in tonight with 5 hungry kids after our sons football game to find out their computers were down. I completely understand things happen, but the customer service has again failed me. No one even tried to rectify the situation. We were just left standing there. Just a lame "have a great night" as we finally decided to leave from the same girl who called my baby, who was quietly eating, a little monster the last time we were there and gave us attitude when we asked for peppers. Decent pizza, horrible service.
3	Go here for wings, better pizza can be had very easily.The wings save the day here.  Unfortunately, given their posted no guns allowed sign, which truly means- "hey bad guys- easy unarmed targets here"- I'll never step foot in here again.  Don't take too kindly to being a sitting duck in a potential shooting gallery.
3	As a Pizza lover and from Chicago I rank Rosati ' s as the best Pizza. Barro's comes close but lately very flat and greasy as teenagers seem to run this place. Inside the restaurant it could use a cleaning, very dusty and neglected. We used to order delivery every week for nearly 2 years and have now stopped due to the quality. Wish ownership get off his Yacht and fire up this locations Manager: watch quality and clean the dust off the walls and properly clean the tables. Compliancy is the failure of small business. I'll order a pizza in 2 weeks for one last go around then if not Tombstone I will eat: Ugh.
5	I am not an expert on Pizza.  I know what I like and don't like. I laugh when I read some of the other reviews.  So far, I have written over 150 reviews of different restaurants in the Phoenix area.  Our neighborhood comes to Barro's every Monday night to enjoy each others company and have something to eat.  On a scale of 1-10, I give them an 8.5.  Service is great, they have awesome wings, a great salad bar and some great sandwiches and pasta dishes.  We have been coming here for over 3 years every Monday night.  We like the choices we have and our little area that is reserved for us. It is clean and kept clean. Unlike Lisa S. I do recommend eating here and hope you enjoy it.
5	Great place. Like their sauce and lunch specials are fabulous. Quick service for the times we have eaten there. Salad is decent but not the greatest, but way better than most pizza joints. Staff is friendly and patient when ordering. We will continue to return here on a regular basis.
3	Always a good choice. Love there boneless BBQ wings! We eat here at least once a month.
