3	I probably can't remember the last time I've gone into an Old Navy... I came in here the other day to grab a gift card for a friend.  It was a quick trip, but the cashier was very helpful.  Apparently people are pretty picky about what the gift card looks like since they had about 20 different designs to choose from and multiple envelopes.  I guess I'm pretty practical in that all the gift cards do the same thing (it doesn't matter what they look like) but you have to admit some are cooler than others.I digress.... This location wasn't that busy even though it is in the heart of the University City shopping center.  Other than being a little bit tucked into the parking lot near the pond that everything is clustered around, you can easily see the sign from Tryon as you are driving North or South.I guess since I don't shop at Old Navy anymore... that means I'm getting old [very saddening].
4	For what it is - trendy clothing at cheap cheap prices - it's pretty fab. I hit several of the Old Navy stores periodically; this is the one I have the most luck finding stuff I like in my size. It's very well organized and maintained, and seems to be a bit bigger than some of the other stores, but maybe it's just me. Staff ranges from very good to indifferent. They've had a lot of sales and groupons for the holidays; I've got a closet full of great sweaters at fantastic prices. Too bad it hasn't  been cold enough to wear them. Guess that means I'll get two seasons out of them.
3	I like Old Navy, and have been relying on them for my clothing needs for years. They generally have a decent selection of men's clothing, both normal and clearance, and I can almost always find a little something for myself. This store is located across the street from Boardwalk Billy's and that whole area, so it could be a bit trafficy. The store is pretty big and had plenty of new clothes to browse, all at the expected prices. However, the men's clearance section was pretty much non-existent, with the exception of five "Trekkie" shirts (unfortunately I'm more a Star Wars guy myself, so these were not tantalizing.) This was definitely the least amount of men's clearance I've ever come across at an Old Navy. On the other hand, the missus made out like a bandit and found a ton of stuff in her clearance section, and had a tough time deciding what to take and what to leave behind.I personally wouldn't want to come back to this location for myself, but for the woman of the house it's still a decent clothing stop if you're in the area.
