2	This bakery has been here a while now. I did not stop in until a couple of days ago. I can not speak on the deli aspect of it, I did not get any meats. I did however ask for one item that in on the menu. I was told this is a special order item. Well then state it as such. So I got a poppy seed something or other. It was dough with poppy seed shaped in to a roll. One personal sized lemon cake and an eclair. The poppy seed doohickey had no flavour, I mean nothing. The eclair was pretty bland and tasted as less than stellar ingredients were used. The lemon cake was so bad it was trash canned after one bite. So I can honestly say I have had better. Arizona has a hard time with good bakeries. The bakery it self felt bordering on depressing. I could not stay there for long.
4	I personally like this deli, it's in a convenient place (close to home) I love their meat selections and the dry sausage is excellent... I haven't had very many of their pastries except for one, which I am not sure what it's called... it is in the shape of a triangle with filling is of either cream cheese or fruit filling... they are YUM!! They people have always been very courteous and informative. Thank you!
4	In my travels to the local post office, I pass this place almost daily but have yet to stop until today.  Having some free time on this holiday weekend, it seemed appropriate to stop in and check out the offerings.  Now mind you, I have never been here before today and knew absolutely nothing about this place until walking through the door so there were no preconceived notions what so ever. When I arrived, there was but one employee and one customer.  Very spartan digs with some stock items on the right and the counter and kitchen on the left.  The first thing I noticed is the two women were speaking Polish.  Nice! Really? In Litchfield Park?  Knowing Russian (although not using it in too many years) it felt very familiar to me and that was quite nice.  While waiting for their conversation to conclude, I scanned the place for some of the items on the shelves.  What I found brought me right back to the days of living in Europe back in the 80's.  An enormous assortment of products not seen since my last trip across the pond!  When the women finished, I was greeted warmly and placed an order for something simple, a chocolate croissant.  Then to my right was a delightful looking apple tart which was screaming for me to take home so I selected that as well.  We chatted each other up for a few minutes and then I was on my way.  Very friendly place, simple but does what its supposed to do.  High marks so far.  She even offered me a menu to take with me detailing all of their goodies. Upon returning home, the croissant was destined for my belly along with a piping cup of fresh coffee.  It was quite delicious and a repeat performance is needed!  Later tonight, once dinner was completed, we tore into the Apple Tart, the other purchase made this morning. It also was exceptional!!  Memories of being at a cafe in Bavaria relaxing and not wanting to do anything but savor the moment came rushing back to me.  I'm hooked!Dzikuj! Bd wstecz!
5	Jana's Bakery has great food and pastries. Only that they could make chocolate chip cookies again...The young lady behind the counter greeted me nicely when I came in and answered all my questions patiently. I found out that this was a Polish bakery. Polish bakeries in AZ?! Wow, rare. I'm glad that there is finally a good European bakery here in Arizona. :) Jana's Bakery also has great tiramisu and cannoli! And I know because I lived in Italy myself. Definitely going back there again!!!! Dzikuje!
5	We got some sweets (don't know their names) and bread here, and they were amazing. Seemed authentic as the rest of the clientele were conversing with the owner in Polish.
3	I'm not quite sure why the last reviewer would think the food here authentic, just because some patrons were conversing with the shopgirl in Polish.  Granted, there is that old chestnut which states, that if you see people of the same ethnicity as the restaurant dining there, it must be good.  Well, try again!People, who are Polish don't necessarily go to Jana's because it's the best; they go there simply because that's all there is folks!  The Valley's Polish establishments are few and far between and they know how to charge you for the privilege of eating food like you had at mama's back in Krakow.  But while some of Jana's donuts and pastries are spot on "Polish", many of their cakes are oversweetened  (by European standards).  The bread -- especially the rye bread -- is good, but frequently dry.  The sausage products good, but overpriced for the most part  (for less expensive meats and more variety, try Warsaw Village, located not so far away by car).  The prices for their stuffed cabbage and other "specialty meals", as one reviewer put it, is not outrageous, but no bargain.  The stocked produce  (barszcz, pate, cheeses, sauerkraut, etc.) is more expensive than at Warsaw Village, sometimes by multiples.  The makowiec -- the poppy pastry previously referred to -- is usually quite good.  If you buy it, I recommend NOT to take advantage of the day old ones they sell on the cheap:  this cake dries out fast.Service is efficient, polite and friendly.  Variety of goods, fairly good  (again, Warsaw Village beats them out).  For a "bakery", you really can't fault their small selection of non-baked goods.  If you're looking for authentic Polish food, you'll find it here; especially where pastries are concerned.  However, their propensity to oversweeten, to no doubt please Americans' tastes, is unfortunate.Best summed up:  most  likely the best Polish pastry place west of Chicago  (though Europa Pastry Cafe gives them a run for their money).  But like mama's back home? Yeah, I think not.
