5	There's charging stations!  It also features USB charging.  So those who need to charge their phones vs laptops, don't have to fight for a plug.  Though it is limited.  It is very clean (bc it's new, duh).  The baggage claim area is nothing like the old terminal.  Not grungy, no bright lights and not filled w/ads about the strip or shows.  At least not yet.
5	Las Vegas' McCarran International Airport has a new terminal, Terminal 3, and it's so vastly superior to every other area at McCarran, it needs its own Yelp page (just as SFO's T2 has its own page) to spread the word that there is a new option in town to travel to and from Vegas.If you've ever flown into Vegas, you know the usual experience -- walking through what seems like miles of noisy, crowded, annoying halls, until you dump out into a confusing mess of buses and taxis. Gates are crammed together literally feet apart, and it's a cattle call waiting for flights.Not so at Terminal 3. Terminal 3 is one long straight terminal, with its own dedicated road -- that's right, no shuttle needed, no long walk through noisy annoying corridors to get outside. There are many food options right there at the gates, and the gates are spread far apart, so it feels calm and spacious.There are currently 5 airlines serving T3: Virgin America (the best airline in the US), Alaska, Frontier, JetBlue, and Sun Country. I also noticed some international flights landing there, including West Jet.
4	Beautiful new terminal, spacious, lots of seating, and more outlets/sqfoot for those who need to juice their Android/tablet/laptop.  Baggage claim is clean and neat, bags hit the carousel before we got there. On the negative side, the airline banners (for check in) are flat displays directly above the counter - so if you are trying to find your airline looking down the terminal you cannot see it until you are practically in front of it.  They need signage perpendicular to the counter.TSA, inept as ever.  there were about 200 people in line, only two security ID stations manned (where they check your ID).Food selections seemed adequate, as well as coffee/starbucks availability.  This is WAY better than flying into McCarrans other terminals for sure!
5	With PDX as my home airport, I'm a confirmed airport snob and have found very little reason in the past couple decades to give props to any other destination.  But McCarran Terminal 3 is such a marvel I have to tell you about it.  Now if you're going to Vegas and you haven' been there for a year you might be, as we were, prepared for the long walk, the escalator, the train ride, the Great Plains of baggage claim areas and the miles-long taxi queue.When we walked off the jetway, down an escalator and right out the door, I wondered if we had actually landed somewhere other than LAS.  And then there was... NO LINE for taxis.  It was kind of unreal -- but in the kind of way that you're happy to go along with.On the return trip it was similarly pleasant, with a fast TSA line and some of the friendliest agents I've ever had scan my privates. There were touch screens to guide me about, comfy waiting area seats, power sources aplenty and lots of room!  Superb experience.But how do you get to choose which terminal you're going to end up in at LAS? Simple, either fly there from another country or use Alaska, Hawaiian, Jet Blue, Frontier, Sun Country or Virgin America.  Okay? You're welcome.
5	We had to drop off our foreign exchange daughter off last Sunday (we miss you!), and can I say, the place looks pretty damn good. I guess I'm so used to seeing the old Terminal 2 (which was where all my flights took off) that I've forgotten what a nice terminal actually looks like. Very clean, everyone was very helpful in giving directions, and fairly easy access from the parking garage. 5 stars for everything we went through. I'd try and take off one for the employees at Virgin Airlines who were late, but it was only 5 minutes, so I'll let it slide. :D
5	This terminal is probably the easiest, fastest, and cleanest I've been too.Opened in June 2012 to ease up the international flights in old terminal 2, and the check-in/pick up for both terminal 1 and 2. Flying out of Terminal 2 wasn't bad but Terminal 2 was very small. Also, people gets confused on which terminal you go to, sometimes it's 1 or 2.Am I in Narita International Airport? Nope, Just McCarran's Terminal 3. Very new, very clean. There are quite a few TSA's so going through it is a breeze. There's a tram that takes you to Concourse D. So if you know your plane is parked at Concourse D, just get your boarding pass online and go through Concourse D. I've done it.They have amazing restaurants...actually, I only like Village Pub. I like getting schwasted prior to my flight. Haha.You can't get lost. It's just one long hallway with tons of E Gates.
4	The new terminal is great!
3	Been here lots of times since they opened this terminal. I still miss the convenience of terminal 2.The walk to the taxi's isn't as bad as before. Don't know why they cant move the shuttles closer.
3	I've only had the opportunity to arrive and depart out of McCarran's Terminal 3 a few times and in all occasions, I was a little disappointed.  Maybe it's just me, but I think this new terminal in Las Vegas is conveniently inconvenient.Pros:-New and clean-Easy and empty parking garage-International Flights-Tons of shopping, even higher end stores. Cons:-D Gates aren't that close.  If there's a tram, I couldn't find it.-Lack of restaurants-Shoe shines tend to be employeeless (Yes, I made that word up)-The line to United Airlines Check In/Ticketing is always packed-No employees, Security, or even HMS around-TSA takes forever.  TSA is huge here, but usually understaffed or only a few gate entrances are open.Maybe this terminal will grow on me someday, maybe it won't. I still prefer Terminal 1. I specifically prefer Gate C due to the quick TSA check.  Overall, I have no choice if I'm traveling through United, Virgin, or overseas. Terminal 3, A-OK is all you get from me.
5	I never thought I'd write a review for an airport terminal, but wow.Now, I don't fly a whole heck of a lot, but I AM in the hospitality biz, and as such I keep up on airports because when a guest says that they just flew in from So Cal, I want to know if they flew in from Bob Hope, John Wayne, or LAX, because then I can gauge their mood. (Anyone who's flown in So Cal recently knows what I mean.)McCarran, as far as airports go, is already pretty darn good. It's pretty spacious so you rarely get that crowded feeling, enough shops and eateries to tide the time over (of course, at astronomical prices though), and a good number of outlets to plug in and kill time without killing your battery.Terminal 3 doubles down on that. Very spacious, clean as a whistle, clearly marked gates with departing info clearly posted. Plenty of food venues in the terminal as well (still astronomical). Security moves pretty quickly; I rarely have to wait. The best part though? Not nearly as many slot machines as in T1. I work in a casino/resort/hotel, so the last thing I want to hear is a one-armed bandit clanging away, PLEASE! Isn't that the whole point of vacation? So yay for that.JetBlue makes most, if not all, of their flights out of T3 now, so I'll be trying to fly them more often to utilize this little traveler's oasis.
4	I mostly judge an airport by its amenities, and in this regard McCarran scores high. Pros:Good wifi!Lots of food optionsUpscale and lowbrow options!Easy to get aroundAlso, when you land at McCarran, if you are sitting on the right side of the plane, you are afforded a SPECTACULAR view of the Las Vegas Strip, from the Stratosphere all the way out to Mandalay Bay.  It's a nice added plus.Con:Getting a cab, and the subsequent cab ride, out of McCarran can be a NIGHTMARE.
4	Easy job finding parking, not too crowded, security was easy, and much more organized than the old Terminal 1.
4	Virgin America gates not far from security check in. Plenty of seating and eateries nearby. Flying in on a Sunday and out on a Thursday the place wasn't crowded so it made fpr a pleasant travelling. Vegas vibe throughout the airport including slot machines in the baggage claim area.
3	Upon arrival in Las Vegas, one of the nearest places to 'check in' on the Yelp app was "McCarran Airport Terminal 3".  I guess that's the terminal I was in; not that it really mattered.  All I wanted to do was pick up my checked luggage and find transportation to my hotel on the strip.  This was easily accomplished.Good times :)
5	I like how this is an easy accessible terminal and easy to navigate in and out. Great long term parking as well.  This is more for the international flights and its not as congested as the domestic side.
4	What can I say very courteous, Fast and friendly service. No line to get my boarding pass. It was very christmas like in the terminal. They also had a Benefit make-up dispenser machine. (You can get dolled up before boarding)  There was only a few places to eat. But overall not a crowded terminal
5	Virgin America is by far my favorite airline. I missed my flight due to taking the wrong freeway. They were able to provide complimentary standby seats for the next flight. I was able to get a seat and they didn't even charge. I would recommended them to all people that are in need of flying! Staff provide great customer service
4	As a Vegas local I have to pick up a lot of family and friends at McCarran. And I've started recommending airlines that fly in and out of Terminal 3 because it's just an overall better experience for all involved. I'll sum it up by saying it's so much easier  and faster to get in and out of Terminal 3 than Terminal 1. For me since I'm doing so many pickups and dropoffs anytime I can skip having to deal with the hyperaggressive airport police with stopwatches in one hand, ticketbook in the other, and an attitude that sucks I'll gladly do so. Terminal 3's road system is easier to drive, circling back if you need to is a lot easier, and it's easier to get in and out of the parking garage. Inside it's just not as crowded and people are less stressed. Yeah there's some occasional security lines and other minor gripes but there's no such thing as a perfect airport terminal. But Terminal 3 is definitely a major upgrade over Terminal 1 and it comes close to being perfect for me and my needs.4 Stars.
4	Organized terminal with several food and drink options, ample seating and outlets, and clean bathrooms. The mural wrapping around the ceiling is a nice touch too, and there are random banks of slot machines if that's your thing.Gates 50 to about 60 are here in this terminal, and it seems to service mostly United flights. Yelp the restaurants before dining though, many have less stars than you'd expect.
5	Monkey's favorite terminal at Vegas Airport. Clean, cool, carpet-free and efficient!  Complete with its own baggage claim, parking and curbside pickup & drop offs, it's also connected by tram to D terminal. Switch trams at D to get to C, B terminals. Food & shopping choices are slim, but available. Plenty of seating at all gates and a fair amount of those electrical outlets you seek.
5	Fly Jet Blue from this terminal for sure, but skip Frontier. Frontier is the worst experience you will have in your life!
1	Terminal 3 is a great addition, but Frontier airlines are ridiculous. They charge you for bags & seats, which is common. Tried to buy new luggage in the terminal and they wanted to charge me an additional $50.00 to get it home. REALLY?? No Options, or discount for checking in my other bags.  Did I mention the flight was half-full. The overhead bins were empty.  (Spirit/Frontier both suck) No more business from me...
5	It just flows with Vegas with all the signs and lights in there. It is really badass setup. The baggage wasn't a long wait either. All I can say is wow
4	If you are arriving in Vegas for the first time from Canada, likely you will end up in Terminal 3. I just had carry on luggage and found it unclear how to exit... just follow everyone else who is going to pick up the checked luggage! The terminal, once going through security, is long and narrow, and a little annoying to walk the length to check out the food options, as I like to do. There is a short people mover conveyor belt at one end; I think there was one at the other as well. But it's clean and there are charging terminals, and even slot machines for those who just don't want to leave Vegas lol.
5	As far as airports go, I always love having layovers here. What other airports have slot machines?! Last time I was there, I put in $1, and won $2.41! Woooo hooo. That's how I roll. It's a clean airport, with lots of chairs. This place has more outlets than any other airport I've ever seen. They're everywhere! Other airports can be challenging to find a place to plug in all your gadgets. But not Vegas! The murals are cool, love the public works of art in here! It's fun that there are different types of restaurants in here, but check out those Yelp ratings!
4	The terminal itself is great! =-(. It's the process of getting from the rent a car to the gate is a LONG process. I couldn't help think how DIFFICULT it would be if we brought our parents with us. The walk is so far!
4	If it is not allowed for people to park in the handicap parking lot, why is it okay for people to sit on a handicap seats.. And there are tons of open seats out there...
4	There are a lot of things I love about mccarran and terminal 3 is one of them. The newest terminal. Has good food choices but my go to is always Burger King for the quick snacks. Fast security lines and nice staff. Way better then LaX ugh.  When you're getting to the TSA agent who checks the boarding pass and ID, please fill the lanes. Usually there are 2 lines on each side. The sheeple (people are sheep get it?) always back one line up. So annoying.
5	Fast lines, great friendly TSA agents-- this has to be one of the top checkpoints we've been to before. At home TSA was grumpy, rude and slow-- here the line was moving, the agents had smiles on their faces and were POLITE! Holy cow, can we have more great people like this working for TSA!?! :-)
4	I kinda like terminal 3 (a.k.a. the international terminal with some domestic flights). It's shinier and cleaner than the regular terminal. The lines are usually all short. You can usually get a table at any restaurant. There are different bar and restaurant options. Passenger pick-up is easy breezy. Parking is a cinch. It used to scare me - the thought of this other, unknown terminal. But after numerous trips on Alaska Air, which flies in and out of Term 3, I have discovered a sincere fondness for it.
3	This relatively new terminal (as of summer 2012) is clean and quiet.  I do appreciate the scarcity of slot machines in this terminal, but I think that more retail services (like food!!) could really amp up the ambience.  There really isn't too much to say about this terminal; it's easy to navigate and it's not as crowded with frazzled travelers.  The restaurants and shops past security are your typical Starbucks-pub style-fast food offerings, i.e., boring but serviceable.  I do like the XpresSpa for a quick pedicure or chair massage and the numerous outlets for charging up one's various iProducts are convenient.
5	This is one of the most fun, organized, clean, and spacious terminals I've ever flown into and out of.  I had positive experiences on arrival and departure, which left a very positive impression.  The new terminal is large, which requires walking.  It had ample food and places to relax (many were closed at the hours I was there).  The restrooms weren't the cleanest and already appeared well used.Baggage claim was quick and painless. The exit to parking was conveniently located, but making passengers wait for traffic felt a bit ridiculous (there should be separate uninhibited walkways).  On departure, there were huge security lines with no wait at all.  The check-in area was very open and not rushed, plenty of staff to help.  The terminal was nicely decorated.
