4	the place for tamales at christmasorder by the half or dozencheese & green chilered (pork)green (chicken)or really anytimealso excellent breakfast
5	The best tamales on the planet. Really.
5	It's been said already:These are the best tamales you will ever taste.Dona Maria's been hanging around downtown since 1980 on the corner of Charleston and Las Vegas Boulevard.  It's not the most visited of areas, especially for dining, and Dona Maria's has been here and packed for almost 30 years.  They recently opened another restaurant in Summerlin so you won't have to drive your nice car downtown (wasn't that sweet?)  The reason why it's done so well are the tamales.  They are out of this world.  They come in pork, chicken and cheese with expertly crafted sauces.  The rest of the menu is great as well - just good Mexican food - but really, people come here for the tamales.
4	Yes, their Tamales are really good.I knew that a place like this in Vegas had to be better than anything on the strip. It's always great to eat like the locals. I ordered their burrito with tamale dish and was more than satisfied at the end of my meal; that pork tamale was really delicious! The burrito was really fat and unfortunately filled with refried beans (I prefer black beans). What's nice too is that they serve crisp tortilla chips with tasty salsa while you order your meal.
4	Salsa enfuego!I love this place.  After years of living on the East Coast, Dona Maria's got my fiance' to eat Mexican food.  I started him on the chips and worked him up to the tamales.  This is also a great place to bring out of town guests who don't want Strip crap.  Good stuff.
3	This is my first "Mexican" restaurant that I encountered in las vegas. The food is not so good. The margaritas are good. Simply said.
4	You eat the Tamales here.  You order 1 per person and you order another if you aren't full (you may be after 1).  They cost about $4 each.  They make three different kinds, the sauces vary from one type of tamale to another, I prefer the one with the dark brown mole sauce (I forget if that was the chicken or the cheese tamale) . . . I don't know a thing about anything else on the menu.  I only eat tamales here.
5	When you search VegasYelp for Tamales Dona Maria's is the first to come up. Good reason too these hot Tamales are straight up the best. Everyone out here seems to have "a Tamale guy." As fore mentioned Tamale's have always fallen short of my expectations.  I was lucky enough to have stopped by the downtown area over the weekend. I knew I was going and I need to have some sort of a sub plot and decided a Tamale mission would be the right thing to do. It was. Dona Maria's is one of the few places that I've been to Vegas that has an "established feel" to it. You know you are in for something good when you get in the place. We rocked the whole Tamale scene there. The Red, The green, the cheese, and the desert all are above and beyond. You can't miss Dona Maria's.
1	truly one of the most vile experiences of my vegetarian life. while I had fries 'straight-outta-tha-freeza', and a margarita/slurpee somewhat tainted by gum arabic, the omnivores in my group were almost universally disgusted by their cheese/meat/grease bomb burritos or whathaveyous.
5	This place has the best tamales outside of Mexico!!  After we arrived in Vegas, we headed straight for Dona Maria.  I had 2 chicken tamales in red and green sauce and they were amazing!  The chicken is so finely chopped  that it literally melts in your mouth.  The sauces are also fantastic.  My husband ordered the chilequiles which was also excellent.  The guacamole dip is also delicious and huge for the price.We loved our meal so much that we came back 4 days later.  Don't miss this wonderful restaurant when you're in Vegas!!
4	Dona Maria's came highly recommended from Frommer's Las Vegas guide so my friends and I decided to head there for dinner before going to Talk of the Town which is within walking distance.The restaurant itself is great.  Hearing the tamales were awesome I ordered a basket of 6 for myself (the price was very reasonable), while my friends picked dishes off the menu.  I quickly realized that ordering 6 tamales was a mistake as I was full and satisfied after 2.  Tamales I've had in the past have almost always been short on filling and disappointing- not these.  They are almost entirely filling and are excellent.  My friends were both satisfied with their menu dishes saying they were quite good.  The service kept us happy by refilling our chips and salsa very quickly throughout.Typically Mexican food will destroy my intestines, and as I was going to a strip club right after I was somewhat nervous about eating here first.  Luckily I had no stomach problems- a true Vegas miracle and testament to how fresh and well prepared Dona Maria's food really is.Dona Maria's is located north of the Stratosphere on Las Vegas Blvd.  I'd suggest taking a cab there and back since the area is kind of shady and the walk from here to the Stratosphere is deceptively long.
3	I've only eaten here once.  One of my co-workers highly recommended.  At the hotel, the front desk highly recommended against eating there.  So we decided to opt for the co-worker's opinion and gave it a chance.  I didn't have the tamales and all of the other reviews seem to emphasize how good these are.  So maybe these are what gives Tamales a 4-5 star opinion.  I can say on my observation that:1) the salsa tasted like spicy pizza sauce...very unimpressed. 2) the food was nothing I haven't seen outside of any run-of-the-mill "Mexican restaurant" in the DC area.  3) the place seemed to be very popular with the locals since the place was pretty full and everyone seemed like locals.  Our server was very nice. There really wasn't anything outstanding about this place.  I'd skip on it if you have any other options.  It's not terrible at all, you'll get a pretty good meal.
4	I went here a couple of weeks ago for breakfast. The free chips and salsa we got were sooo good! The chips were so light and crispy and the salsa was perfect with it! I couldn't get enough of them.Our waiter was pretty attentive as well. He kept filling up our glasses of water when they were only halfway. The only problem with drinks that I had was that I ordered an orange juice and it came in such a small little glass and it was like 3 bucks!I ordered the huevos a la mexicana and he ordered the Machaca con huevo. I really enjoyed my food, it was so authentic and ooh soo good!  Our plates both came with tortillas on the side. We got the flour tortillas instead of the corn and they were so fresh and so yummy! I could eat them as a snack!  I would definitely recommend their Mexican breakfast, just beware of the pricey OJ!
5	Came here with friends, one of which swears by their tamales. We ordered a dozen tamales (3 red, 4 green, 1 sweet). They were gooooooddd...and HUGE. I ate two and doggie bagged the rest to bring back to the room. I gave a starving, drunk, pleading friend one of my leftover tamales and he LOVED it. Pros: +Free unlimited DELICIOUS chips and salsa +Friendly, funny, attentive serverCons:-I didn't personally try the sweet tamales but my DRUNK friend did and he couldn't finish it. And since I didn't try it, no star lost :)I'm definitely making this a must-go-to whenever I'm in Vegas. Wish I was back in Vegas already for more tamales :(
5	I am a native Las Vegan, and this is the best place to get a homemade tamale. Almost like Grandma's! Large, juicy, and full of flavor. By far the best in town for as long as I can remember.
4	Every year I participate in the Komen Cancer Walk in Las Vegas and this year our team treated ourselves to Dona Maria's.  This was the first time I have been here since I am not a local but I am sure I will be coming back.  The tamales were good of course!  And the menudo was great! It can be hard sometimes to find a good tasting and clean menudo.  The only draw back was that they restaurant didnt seem prepared for large parties.
4	This place is a fantastic Mexican restaurant, but it loses points for being in one of the worst parts of Vegas.My parents have been bringing me to this restaurant since I was a baby, even back when they were in their old location on Charleston. As anyone who reads my reviews knows, I am not a huge Mexican food fan, but this place has amazing food. From chips and salsa right down to entrees that consist of a little bit of everything Mexican, I don't think I have ever eaten a bad meal here. It's difficult to recommend a particular item, but I doubt any fan of Mexican food will be disappointed.The staff are also extremely friendly and courteous. Having gone here for years, my family is often recognized when we pay the place a visit. These are great folks, and they definitely treat their customers like family.The atmosphere is average, though it does get a bit annoying when soccer games are going on on the TV, and people start cheering loudly. Also, for no apparent reason, there are tons of posters for old Las Vegas boxing matches on the wall. Not complaining or anything, I just thought it was a bit strange. The only thing that keeps me from giving this place a higher score is its location - the run-down, old end of the Strip. If you've ever watched Pawn Stars, this place is kitty corner from the pawn shop. There are always seedy characters down here, and it's common to have the homeless begging you for money. It's too bad the owners here can't borrow Antoine from the Pawn Shop to clear out the riff-raff that often fills the parking lot.Still, despite its not-so-great location, Dona Maria's has some of the best Mexican food in Las Vegas. Come for the food, but do yourself a favor and come armed.
3	decent. took our server a while to get us our check and they wer not busy at all. but the food was good. im sure  the service is better on different days.
1	Ever walked into an old establishment and feel like you leave needing  shower...welcome to Dona Maria. It's plain damp feeling and just unpleasant. The food was OK but being  regular lunch eater in the downtown area I'm glad I waited so long to try this place and it will be a long time before I try it again. Sorry!!!
3	Just driving by and saw 'Tamales'.. sounded good, so what the heck, why not?Of course we opted to try the Tamales:Red - pork in a mild sauceGreen - chicken in a spicy sauceBoth weren't dry/mushy and had the right crumble when the knife sliced into it. I liked the Red Tamale better maybe because of the pork, not necessarily the sauces. The Green had a mild kick but wasn't bad. 4/5 stars for the TamalesI also had to try their Carne Asada as I usually order this at every Mexican place I go to, especially the first time. It was quite disappointing, just didn't do it for me. But their Tamales, definitely worth a try.
2	I wanted to love this place since it's one of the only Mexican restaurants within walking distance of Fremont.  But the food was just run of the mill.  Nothing amazing.  Tamales were 3 stars.  Everything else I've tried on the menu (enchiladas, tacos and burrito) drags the place down to two stars.  If it weren't in the run down part of downtown, I'm not sure Dona Maria's would still be around.
2	not good, not particularly bad either. the chips and salsa are pretty much the best part of the meal. The fideo soup is also OK. The tamales are actually decent although not mind blowing as several reviews have mentioned. The chicken soup is also OK, full of vegetables with a side of tortillas, enough for a complete meal. One thing I hate is the cooker's addiction to the microwave. Ever wonder why the plates are super hot when served? All cheese is grilled with the micro, which really sucks as it burns and dries the food. It also gives the impression that is not fresh. To be fair, the problem is common in most (if not all) the mexican food restaurant I've been in Vegas.The place is OK for an office meal. Not for a family feast.  I hate that every time I go the TV is tuned to soap operas. I mean, can we watch the news or at least NFL network???Overall, average restaurant. The staff is very friendly, thou.UPDATE: went for lunch today. Boy, I could hear the microwave all over the place. Please stop!!
3	When I first started coming here, it was a 5 star joint. When I came back this weekend, I see it for the 3 1/2 star-red joint it now is. It's unfortunate. The server no longer take the time to converse with the patrons to make them feel welcomed. The complimentary chips were crumbs. Quite literally, crumbs. They fell through the holes of the basket. They never refilled my salsa and chips like they used to even though he SAW (and yes, I know for a fact he saw it because he looked right at it) that it was pretty much empty. After bringing us our order, he basically never came back again until he saw that we were finished with our food. Um, thanks for nothing, jerk! I'm not going to tip you more for coming right before we ask for the check!That's just service. As for the food, a bit salty. I'm embarrassed to have dragged my friends here swearing they've got the best tamales ever. FAILED.
5	If you want an authentic handcrafted tamale this is the place to go.  Being a Mexican American I feel I am somewhat of an expert when it come to these things.  These are just like the one's my mother and grandmother used to make (They have since passed on, but not before handing down these generations old recipes to me and my female family members), the only difference is they did not shred their meat, they made bite size pieces.  I go buy these when I am lazy (because they are labor intensive to make).
3	They proclaim to have the Best Tamales but they are mehhhI had the 2 Tamale lunch plate, Green Chicken and Red Pork.  The pork tamale was definitely better.  It was more moist and had more flavor.  I found the chicken to be dry and lacked kick.I ordered an additional taco for $2.35 and it was decent at best.On another visit, I had the menudo and was pretty pleased.  The chicken fajitas were pretty tasty as well.All in all, it's a decent spot.  3 stars....4 stars at best.  There has to be a better tamale in Vegas.....The search continues...
4	I would have given this place a three but they redeemed themselves in their ability to correct a problem with their food.  A friend mine ordered the menudo and it was very salty. The waiter quickly corrected the problem to my friend's satisfaction. In the past the menudo here has been great. I think this was just a bad day for the menudo.  Every other dish ordered that day was good.  Be warned this place is not in the best area of Las Vegas so if you go late at night just be aware of your surroundings. I will definitely keep Dona Maria Tamales on my list of places to eat when I go to Vegas. Its not gourmet but it definitely satisfies my taste for good mexican food.
5	I always come here before heading to work. I get my frozen mango margarita, the BEST in town by far for the price and size. Its Vegas, you pay too much for any alcoholic crap on the strip anyways.But this place does not pull your money out of your pocket.Food is always fast, service is ok, its a family style so there is a lot of chattering sometimes late and not much paying attention to late night alcoholics like me :)The only down was once, when I spilled my new drink and was not offered a refill or replacment free or cheaper. It was totally ignored.Oh well... othetr than that I always had good food and strong drinks there.its tricky to pull in from las vegas blvd and charleston, so go on 4th from charleston and pull in from the back.
1	I bet some of you that know me ask if there's any food place I don't like.  Well here you go, and I'm being generous.  I've been here before with so-so feelings about it but my latest lunch visit made it clear that this wasn't the place for my Mexican butt.I was here for business purposes so I wasn't really paying too much attention to the menu and just went for the lunch special of two enchilada style tamales, both with pork.  Bad idea, as it seems the sauce just overpowered everything else and they certainly didn't taste like tamales.  The worst part?  The terrible feeling I had in my tummy the rest of the day!  I ended up skipping dinner because of it!  that's right, me Leo, skipping dinner!  That's unheard of!  You know what, just from thinking about it, I'm going to lower my review from two stars to one!
4	Four Stars are for the tamales and the soup.  Everything else is good, but not up to par with the wonder Mexican food closer to the border (much less in Mexico). The staff tends to be friendly there and I was generous with the stars because I do think they should thrive as a business---though they should cut down the menu a bit.Buy the tamales in bulk for a small group, or even more for a bbq or a party--it's much more cost efficient that way and they heat up nicely.
3	After hearing from everyone & his/her brother & sister about this place AND seeing in the paper how its a huge local Christmas tradition to stop by and pick up 100's of tamales at a time, I decided to try it out for myself.I wanted to go in and sit down but unfortunatly my time was pressed & I got a Chicken Tamale to go. The price was kinda high at $4.15.....$2.75 would be more reasonable BUT it is what it is. When I got home I was surprised to see a big bag of warm homemede tortilla chips & some mild sauce. This made the price a little better and the Tamale did not dissappoint.I look forward to going back & sitting down & trying a combination platter & reviewing it here....stay tuned
4	I like it here....Went here with a group of friends ans i ordered the red sauce chiliques, not as flavourful (i prefer the ones at La Poblana) but it was a solid meal. My friends all got either pozole or menudo and all seem happy with it and keep in mind most of us are from Mexico and Peru!I also LOVE, I mean LOVE the fact that their coffee is Del la Olla!! My favourite! I had 4 cups! Service was excellent! We were a big group and were seated pretty fast and our waiter was super nice and accommodating. Even took like 20 pictures for us with everyone's cameras. Not a single order was messed up or wrong. Great Great service. Definitely going again when in Vegas. It'll be a permanent go to spot!
4	I loved can I say I loved the Tamales.  I make tamales with my family and havent been able to find tamales even close to as good as our tamales.  This place past my expectation in taste.  I loved every bite.  It was a little pricey but well worth it.  I would have given this place five stars but the waiters weren't very friendly and they were a little slow
3	Another Average Mexican Restaurant in Las Vegas.....Dona Maria's is the lovely green eyesore resting near a strip of wedding chapels in the downtown area.  It advertises itself as a Tamales restaurant, but features quite a bit more on the menu.The best Tamales I've had were wealthy with flavor, prepared with love, and sturdy without being dry.  My excitement for Dona Maria's tamales was met with disappointment, because really they were nothing special.  I had the Red and the Green tamales.  While both were alright, they lacked vivid flavor and reminded me of lots of Americanized Mexican cuisine in the valley:  good enough.  The flavors in each were a muddles mix of Mexican staples (onion, chili, paprika, etc..)  I wanted to love these tamales, but really wouldn't return for them. I also had the Enchiladas Mole.  The mole was rich without being chalky or powdery, suggesting it was made from scratch and not a prepackaged mix.  It tasted more of cocoa than the chiles, which for me was less than wonderful.  I like my mole to be both smoky, spicy, and rich with a touch of sweetness, and these were mostly sweet.  I can't say that I had a bad meal, since the service was spot on, and the staff was friendly, but the food left a lot to be desired.
5	For Las Vegas DMs is about top 3 (as far as mexican restaurants go) easy. Now it's kinda scuzzy over in that area,You should go when the sun is out. Get anything you like on the menu it's all good you don't need my helpIt's a good breakfast spot
2	Had lunch here today with the wife.  Food was ok, not spectacular but not the worst I've had.   My taco was a bit greasy but the shredded beef was well seasoned.   The wife had an enchilada and said the sauce was tasty.  Beans and rice were both very good.  My biggest complaint was the service - marginal, at best.  The waiter seemed annoyed by my request for an extra napkin and our glasses never got refilled.  I'm usually a good tipper, but that guy got a measly $1 from me on a $25 ticket.  On the plus side, the food only took about 10 minutes to arrive once ordered.
4	I love Dona Marias. Best Tamales in town by far. They have great Huevos Ranchero and serve my favorite Mexican beer (Bohemia). The waiters are always friendly and efficient and the old boxing posters are great. I've been coming here for 20 plus years and don't plan on stopping now.
3	food          3.5 to 4 *service      3 *While in Vegas, I got to go the many places and few made the list, some were bad, some good and some shouldn't be open if you asked me.Dona Maria's has good food and bad service. we get there and waited for a few minutes to be seated. We sat in the back, close to the kitchen. It was a group of 6. some ordered shrimp soup, steak and shrimp, I got the tamal chile relleno combo. Almost everything was good, but what I got. I just decided that I should not get chiles rellenos at a restaurant because even if they are good they will never be as good as my family's recipe so, and also the tamal was ..... how can I put it? big, lots of corn masa, lots of dry chicken breast with almost no sauce at all. I was surprised because they do have tamal on the name so I guess not doing justice to it. every tamal is priced at over $4, really??? I could get 3 better bigger tamales for that $$ at my usual spot (lol not Vegas I guess)The menu was extensive, unorganized and repetitive.The service was kinda bad. Two people in the party ordered dished that came with tortillas, well only one of us got the tortillas really late in the dinner and they were cold.The place is big colorful with a bar and decor that does not go with the rest of the place.DMTR OK to good food, bad service avoid the tamales.
4	Yum. The enchilada-style tamales are oh so tasty. Probably some of the best red enchilada sauce I have ever had. Carne asada was fairly generic, though. The tamales with red enchilada sauce, a pitcher or margaritas (not wimpy and very tasty!!), and sopapillas are completely decadent and a good way to cut a long night short. :-)
3	Not in the best of areas, I wouldn't venture to this direction late at night.  Fortunately, we got up early Sunday and went for breakfast.  Nice decor and nice sizeable dining area, just past the bar upon entry.  We were seated near the kitchen/bussing area, which bothered the Mrs. Furniture could use an upgrade as the tables and chairs looked older. But I loved the Mexican decor and the place looked clean.We went for the number one combo, two tamales, rice & beans.  Beans were very good, rice was moist (just the way I like it). Service was friendly, though we felt rushed by the older male waiter. Tamales were good but too much masa and cheese and not enough green chiles.  My wife didn't like the sweet tamales.  She did, however, like that they did not forget her to-go order, as some places do.  Points for that.  Also points for the delicioso salsa.Another thing we liked was that they seemed to work as a team. We had three different people serve us, they didn't have separate stations and each server is on his/her own.Negatives: $4.30 for a side of beans, $4.30 for a side of rice, $4+ for a tamale a la carte.  These same items are two-fifty in L.A.  I understand this is Vegas, but in this part of town?So after my meal I had to make a little trip to the little boys' room.  Wouldn't you know, no toilet paper.  Who doesn't check and fill the paper roll before they open?  It was one of those rolls that has 10 feet of paper on it and I find the only one in Las Vegas that is out, at breakfast!!!   Fortunately, I checked before I did my business and improvised (I will not elaborate). I did let them know and they were polite about replacing it.Not bad, but not a place I will go running back to.
4	Been eating there tamales since I was a kid, so good!  But the last couple time I have gotten tamales the have been heavy on the corn meal and light on the meat.  I truely hope it was a new cook or something along those line.  But I have  feeling the are being "cost effective".  Still good but not at the level they use to be at
2	I had been having a craving of my mom's tamales for a while, so I thought I'd search on Yelp to find a  tamale place with great reviews and found this 1. I ordered the pork and the cheese tamales. I tried the cheese first and found them to be not what I expected. The pork tamales were actually a bit better tasting, still not what I expected. The masa is very bland and has no flavor to it. Salsa in the cheese tamales was not that good. The pork were okay but still not as flavorful as I thought they would be,  being that the restaurant had a 3 and a half star review. I guess I will have to keep looking for better tasting tamales.
1	I have been going to Dona Maria's for such a long time. I had to stop a few years ago while I was pregnant with my son because I had friggin nose like a bloodhound and could smell EVERYTHING when I walked in. No matter where I sat, it smelled like someone shat on the coats, or at least in the vicinity of the coats. So...needless to say, a toilet smell makes me not want to eat. I do have to point out that it was the pregnancy elevating my senses, but whatever. We came back last week and were very disappointed. The prices were increased from last time, and my favorite soup was changed. They put friggin garbanzos in the veg soup. C'mon man. I do want to share this little disgusting tidbit with you though:Upon ordering the soup, you get a condiment tray. It is a three tiered holder with cilantro at the top, lemon slices, and chili flakes at the bottom. I accepted it and used it like it was my own, especially for me. The waiter came to the table and asked if I was done with it. I said yes because he could clearly see that we were done eating. OMG. He took my tray....and placed it at another table. What the hell? I had used my fingers to grab the cilantro out. If I had known that the tray was communal, I wouldn't have even touched it. My face just dropped and I felt some food coming back up so we paid our tab and left with a bad taste in our mouths. Whatevs. I'm over that place.
2	It took me a day to gather my thoughts on this place and write my review.  This is my 2nd visit here, and the first time was a First Friday and it was packed, so I didn't feel I could write an accurate review.This visit was a Sunday morning when the restaurant had only a dozen or so people dining.  I just want to start by stating to the servers of the city:  "If you don't like your job, Nevada is an at-will employment state.  You can quit any time you like, and find other employment more suitable for your interest or skill sets."  On to the food.  The salsa and chips were fresh and tasty.  The guacamole was definitely not very impressive.  Was like creamed avocado dip.  No spice, very little acid, and just left me disappointed.  I enjoyed the ceviche tostada, although it was a little salty.  The red pork tamal was okay.  Overall, this meal was less favorable than a few other chain options for Mexican fare we have available in town.I think I'll hit a renowned taco shop in the downtown are next time.  Or order my tameles to go.  That seemed to be a trend I saw whilst I was dining.
4	These tamales are amazing!!! But get there early, we went 2 days in a row. On the first day our tamales were amazing and the service was fantastic (because we got there early for breakfast.). On the second day the tamales weren't as great but still so so good! And the service was a little lacking but they were busy so it's all good. They freshly blend the colada drinks so it's just fresh and yummy!! By the way I recommend the chicken tamales, they are by far the best of the bunch! Prices are good, staff were nice, and the restaurant itself is like a really great hole in the wall.
3	I have always liked this place. However, their prices are getting ridiculous for Mexican food. They charge more than $4.00 for one tamale. Really? My grandmother made hers from scratch and I know the ingredients don't cost that much. I would rather support that entrepreneur who shows up in his white unmarked van in the parking lot of Wal-Mart. He sells his for $1.00, and they are tasty. OK - so I am a little trusting. I usually opt for the Chile Verde burrito (a la cart) because I refuse to spend the 15-20 dollars they ask for -on most of their entrees. The burrito is simple -Chile Verde, onions and beans.  Don't get me wrong, the burrito is good - but not $10.00 good.The reason I keep coming back is that I like the old school vibe it has inside (at least at this location). Plus, the chips and salsa are fantastic. There are half dozen Mexican restaurants in the area that I enjoy better than this place. If they keep raising their prices, they may drop off my radar altogether. Hmmm, it's about time I go visit my tamale guy.
3	This neighborhood spot is know by locals as an alternative to the overpriced Vegas strip Mexican food that claims to be authentic. The menudo is a friend to any hungover party goer needing a fix from too much tequila or cerveza. They also make a decent Michelada if the menudo doesnt seem to ride you of the pounding headache or embarresment of the night before. If you feel the need for some homemade Mexican food then Dona Maria is the senora you should see.
5	Looking for a Mexican Breakfast in Las Vegas? Yeah harder than it looks, this place hit the spot and the tamales were amazing. Try the Queso (Cheese); its so worth the price! Granted it's a bit steep but it's really worth it. To be honest I didn't try lunch/dinner menu but we were looking for a breakfast and we found it.
5	This place is one of our favorite places to go when we go to vegas . The food is great here .All my family stop here when they come to vegas .As for the food its great !!!.And every one is nice here .
5	The best Tamales in Las Vegas, hands down. I grew up eating at this place and every time I come back home I make my required visit.
4	I've been going to Vegas for a long time and finally a family friend asked why we've never been here?  That was the first time I had heard of Dona Maria's.. Boy what a great surprise?  Food was delicious.  Now this is definitely a planned stop every time I'm here.  Recently went with friends and it was our first stop.  Food good as always.  Shared a pitcher of Midori margaritas to start the trip off right.  They were good!  This place has not disappointed.. I highly recommend.
4	If you're a fan on Mexican food, you may think it's ok to judge an establishment primarily on the taste of their guac. I do just that. It's great! Not the best (go to Arizona for that), but it's very very good. Service was great too! Bathrooms decent. Recommended!
4	A family favorite years. Every Christmas we get their Tamales and have never been disappointed.
3	I had lunch here today.  Tamales were very good.  Food overall was good, but not great (but not bad either).  My wife has an avocado allergy and the menu did not disclose that the tacos came with guacamole on them so it would be nice if the menu were clearer.There are over two dozen well priced combos, breakfast items, and a full bar.  I'd go back.  It was good.
1	Maybe one of the worst experiences I have ever had at a Mexican food restaurant. Actually, it was the worst. It took us 45 minutes to get our food. I ordered the the taco plate (two tacos, beans and rice) and my gf ordered the tamales plate. Now, the tamales were good, nothing bad to say about them, but the fish was discussing. First off, it was the blood line cut, so it was super fishy tasting (to fishy tasting to eat). Then they upcharged me 3 dollars for steak, but I had gotten fish? Mind you I did not eat more than one bite and left the rest of the fish tacos for them to pick up and throw away. So..They would not take the 3 dollar charge off when the fish taco on the menu was only 30 cents more than a shredded beef taco(what the plate was supposed to come with I guess). The waiter did not tell me it would cost any more money. So when they did not take it off, the owner/manager tried to lie his way into convincing me that his price was right. End the end I just laghed at him, had him charge me the 3 dollars and wrote on the receipt that was his tip.
4	Great authentic Mexican food. They are known for their tamales but they weren't anything special- service is friendly, margs are tasty :) More on the touristy side and ok for families..can be a little pricey.
5	This place is still good eats!!! I'm from San Diego and this Mexican food was just as good as we have in diego . I'd highly recommend this place again to any one . It had been several years since I was last here like 5-6 yeas ago and I wasn't sure at first but they didn't disappoint us at all . If you want good Mexican food , close to the strip, and reasonably prices here's your place go check them out I know I will be goin back when I visit again !!!
2	My friends and I have made it a habit to come here before we bid farewell to the city of sin! The place is decent but the service is subpar. The waitress was almost bothered that we arrived and we felt extremely rushed when placing our order and through out our dining experience. I can't express enough how terrible service can lead to non repeat visits! No matter how good the food!! At least in my opinion!! Dona Maria you need an attitude adjustment or some classes in customer service!
1	I don't know how this place got these reviews! Look at the tables graute how dirty and black it is. This place stinks really bad. The food is not authentic Mexican food, you can tell its out of a can or box. The tamales were reheated several times and did not have a good flavor. You can tell how old a Tamal by the leaf
2	I came for the signature tamales and left wishing I would have gone to el sombrero.  the food was shlockely prepared and lacked flavor.  it was also lukewarm.  service was equally thoughtless.
4	Unexpected local find on our way to see gold and silver "Pawn Stars" shop. Service was great, servers were friendly and knowledgeable. Mexican food was authentic and drinks were awesome. Try the strawberry margarita made with real strawberries not the flavored crap you get on the strip for $20 bucks. Prices were reasonable. Would definitely go back. It's not a "fancy" place but it's good food from friendly people at a reasonable price!
1	I order the chicken tacos lunch special- pulled a few partial gizzards out of my taco before giving up on the meal all together.
5	OMG we just ate here for lunch and were blown away by how good everything was! I usually get enchiladas when I go out for Mexican food and these were the best I've ever had.. Super moist, juicy chicken, amazing sauce, and melty cheese all over. Husband got a beef burrito which was super moist and juicy too. Rice and beans were great. Chips and salsa were perfect- warm crispy chips and just spicy enough salsa. Highly recommend this place!
2	Unbelievably overrated. This place is way over priced.  $17 for a left over recooked carne asada burrito plate. Located in not so desirable neighborhood. Stay clear!!! The quality of food is sub par.   They are trying to get hotel prices in a ghetto neighborhood. I'm sorry...but I will never return.  They charge $4.25 for microwave tamales.... :(
3	Went in for a quick meeting over lunch.  The service was good the food was good Mexican food but nothing special.  The rice and beans were standard.  Great cheese on my burrito! Next time I'll have to try the tamales my colleague's chicken taco salad which looked yummy.
2	Um yeah, so I've worked in restaurants my entire working life and tonight I've witnessed a few fundamental health code violations. Our water was poured from the tap straight from a hand sink in the back into our glasses.  The hand soap from said sink was located directly over a pitcher of iced tea and a pitcher of water. The server washed out a horchata/lemonade pitcher in that very same sink--which you're not supposed to do. Those sinks are for hand washing only. I saw a busser bus tables then go cook on the line. Did he wash his hands or just wipe them on his extremely dirty apron. Seriously it looked like he was butchering meat. Unfortunately we were seated near the line where the servers pick up the food. They were horsing and joking around to the point we thought they had been drinking. It was really inappropriate. In keeping with the drunk theme, my server literally laughed at me when I ordered a cheese tamale. He apologized, maybe he was thinking of something else but it was really rude. On a positive note, the food didn't suck.  I actually wouldn't mind food poisoning; I could really stand to  lose a pound or two. Hence the two stars.
5	Daang Maria, this joint was tabu!  The iced tea was delish, the tortilla soup amazing, and my dish was great. I was pleasantly surprised.Super small parking spaces, but I can't hold that against them.  Go, the food was great!  I can't wait to go back, this will be my new Mexican food home.
5	This review is based solely on their tamales! I haven't actually visited the restaurant, but their tamales speak loudly. My fiance's parents choose this Dona Maria location for our Christmas Day tradition, so I've had them at least once a year for the last few years. They are good. Really good. They prefer the pork with red sauce, so I haven't had the opportunity to try the chicken with spicy green sauce or other variations. The masa is moist and delicious. The pork is succulent and flavorful with the great red sauce. Most importantly, the tamale is HUGE and there is no shortage of filling! It really is the winning combination for the best tamales.I would highly recommend ordering a dozen for $19.25 (or $1.60/each) rather than paying $3.95 for one. They also offer an order of half a dozen for $14.25 ($2.38/each) which is still a better deal. Call ahead to place your order and it comes double-bagged for easy storage (freeze some for later!).
2	Used to be good 2 years ago.  The albondigas soup was okay, but everything else was at best so-so.  Unfortunately, all four of us got sick after eating here.  Clearly the place has gone downhill.  You have been warned.  The server was a nice guy, about the only saving grace.
4	After being downtown twice in the past week, and eating here both times it occurs to me I've never reviewed Dona Maria's Tamales. Kind of hard to believe, seeing as how I've been eating at both locations for almost as long as I've been in Las Vegas... since like 2001. Food is always consistently good. They have awesome Pork Tamales, delicious Albondigas. Chips are fried fresh and hot, salsa is good although I prefer salsa with chopped tomato, onion and cilantro versus their tomato-ey blended salsa. I think they have one of the best chile rellenos around, although holy crap it was spicy as hell last time! (Dona's - remember to clean out the seeds, Yo!) really good enchiladas and so far pretty much every time I eat here it's consistently good. It's one of my three favorite Mexican restaurants in town.
4	I found myself here for my friends wedding reception. There is plenty of parking, we didn't get to order what we wanted but the selection they had was a really good choice, chicken tamales- they were soft and tasty 4/5, beef enchiladas- good mole 4/5, beans and rice both good 4/5, that is all I ate. Oh and margaritas!!!!! 4/5 as well. I really feel the food was good but the reason for me to go back would be because of the staff they were really nice and attentive anything we needed they were right there.  They talked with us a little bit in between filling our glasses and taking away plates. I really appreciate when staff is friendly. Next time I'm in Vegas I'll swing by for a quick meal
4	Best tamales!! Delicious food! Had the caldo de camaron and it tasted just like my own. Most places don't put veggies but this place does plus avocado which is rare due to the host cost. Only downfall was the wait time for the food and the place was understaffed therefore, not very attentive with drinks, chips, or other necessities.
1	We have passed by this restaurant many times and always said that we bet that dive-looking place has the best Mexican food. So tonight we tried it. We won't go back. We got a margarita. It was strong, which is unusual so it had that going for it, but that was it. The mix had no flavor, not lime or even sweet. Weird. The chips and salsa were good. People on Yelp had said that. I ordered the Mahi Mahi tacos. The menu said 3 and there were only 2. The fish was very over cooked. There was supposed to be a mango salsa. I guess there were a few mangos there. There was so much mayonnaisey something on it that it ruined it. Just overall icky. It came with "grilled" veggies which were Birds Eye at best and not grilled. The rice was white with peas. Way too much butter. I only picked out the edible pieces of fish and left the rest on the plate. All that for $19.00. My husband ordered a steak and enchilada plate with green sauce on the enchilada. The steak was chewy and although there was green sauce on the enchilada there was red sauce inside. What? The waiter should have mentioned this. The Mexican rice was too tomatoey. He didn't even finish his food. Not once did the waiter come to our table after the food was brought. When another waiter came to take the plates he asked if I wanted a box. I said no. He didn't bother to ask if there was something wrong. I had planned to order a tamale to go just to try it based on the reviews. Honestly, by that time I just didn't care. Side note: We overheard the people in the next booth ask for limes and the waiter told them they only had lemons not limes. What?? A Mexican restaurant that doesn't have limes? We sure haven't had much luck finding a good Mexican restaurant here. Any suggestions?
5	Just so you know...my dad first brought me here when I was in grade school and I have been coming back ever since.(I'm 48 now) The best tamales ever!!!! I moved away to Oregon for 13 years and was on a quest... telling people of the awesome tamales I knew in Vegas, I got lots of suggestions but nothing compared to the pork tamales I grew up with, and now that I'm back in Vegas this is a regular stop for me. The rest of their food is OK but nothing beats those Tamales
2	The food was mediocre at best. First day I had steak and carnitas tacos and they both were alright. The carnitas was dried up like it was made a week ago and I didn't even have the stomach to try the steak. The service was good. The next day, I had posole which was kinda good but they put too much flavor. It was too salty.
3	Great for a quick lunch or dinner! The tamales are good!
5	My mother told me about this place. Said she used to eat here in the 80's and it was delicious. I love knowing that a place has been open for decades. I love the taste of history. Tamales are my all time favorite and I only like getting them from little Mexican woman that make them in their own home. This place is in a busy area. I always see the sign but the building is in a parking lot facing another building. So you really can't see it from the outside and was so hungry I don't even remember what it looked like out side. When we first walked in there was a bar that could seat maybe ten across and a beautiful  bartender who greeted and seated us the moment we walked in. Less than a minute later we had hot chips and salsa and had a waiter asking what we would like to drink. We already knew we were there for tamales. I loved that there menu had every Mexican food item you could think of with tamale. It's perfect for people that just wanna try it or wanna a little of both. We ordered chicken, pork, cheese, and desert tamale. With a side of rice and beans of course. While waiting for our tamales we adored the restaurant. It has pictures of Mexican families on the walls. The entire place felt very homey and family oriented. Even the little chip basket was cute. When the tamales arrived my eyes lit up. They looked delicious and they were. Hot and fresh. The cheese tamales were my favorite. The flavor of fresh cheese, corn, and tomato made a perfect combination. I was just as happy with the chicken. It was very juicy and a nice flavor. As much as I love meaty tamales the sweet ones are my favorite. I have had sweet corn and pineapple tamales. But never raisin pineapple. I was very excited. So excited I made sure I ordered two for myself incase I loved it. And I did. It was such a sweet flavor with the perfect amount of spice. They are not like other sweet tamales that are simply sweet, they have a hint of spice that makes you keep wanting more. Serious love. Great experience!! Great food!! Great service!! Perfect place to bring friends for great food at a great price!!
5	My girl to me there a few times, and I had some soup... It had beef in there, it was clear, but it was delicious. Was the best Mexican food I've had.
5	best tamales on earth hands down!!! the service was amazing as well! highly recommend!!!
4	Good design as we walked in. We waited like 25-30 min for our food. But the waiter Jose was so kind& chatty with us that we didn't mind to much. (: we had 13 people. Everyone liked their food. I would definitely return if I lived in the area. Great place (:
3	When trying to decide where to catch the  World Cup game and enjoy lunch central to both our locations, my husband and I settled on Dona Maria. We sat at the bar and ordered a diet coke and my pregnancy drink of choice, raspberry ice tea. The staff was courteous enough, although we waited about 10-15 for the menus to be brought over. The complimentary chips and salsa tasted very complimentary -stale chips and salsa that tasted like marinara sauce. We opted for 6 tamales (pork, beef, cheese, chicken x2 and "sweet").  I had beef and chicken, and thought they were ok but slightly dry. I had to drench them in cholula sauce for added moisture.  Also the tamales were relatively small. The tab was close to $25 which is pretty standard for a mid range quality restaurant. I'd say this was purely a convenience thing and based on the food I would have no desire to go back.
3	Decided to stop here to eat after coming to Vegas from out of town.. The food wasn't bad at all! Nor the service! Usually I'm the kind of guy that like to chat with the waiters and waitresses a bit but I just felt like these guys just weren't in the mood to chat. I'm not sure if they were kinda ticked off because Mexico lost in the FIFA tournament (given it's a Mexican restaurant) or what but I wish I wasn't treated like cattle to get me in and out of there.. Would I eat here again? Of course! The food was excellent! I enjoyed the combination plates they offered. It was the perfect meal and the prices were very reasonable! Although I paid 12 bucks for a margarita :( but no doubt, I would suggest this place for a quick and easy meal!
5	Been here a couple times, ordering something different each time, and all dishes have been delicious. Large restaurant with a bar, cool art on the walls along with some old school posters. My Dad took me here, said it was one of the best older mexican joints here in Vegas. He swears by the menudo here, cant get enough. Full range of dishes to choose from and the horchata is on tap!
1	I don't know which is worst, my anger or disappointment ..I've heard a lot about the place &decided to give them a try. So I called first thing this morning when the opened and placed a order for a dozen chicken tamales to pick up at 630. I get there at 615 , they charge my card , then come out to tell me they don't have any chicken tamales!!!  Not only did I waste my time but my gas and in case anyone forgot gas is $4 a gallon premium and I live in Henderson! Although the manager was nice I made sure he understood that the reason I placed a order in advance is so I wouldn't have these kind of issues and considering they took down my number when I called, common courtesy or at least any type of professionalism could of been showed by simply calling me! Ugh!
2	I was turned off by the smell as I entered. Kind of a damp musty smell. The biggest turn off by far though was the pre-formed of the "store bought" variety,Taco shell. In a Mexican restaraunt that makes killer tamales...REALLY???The beans tasted like the canned refried beans, although they might not have been.I probably will not return to that location at least.
3	Very good tamales. Very large, beautifully appointed building. That said, you will get better atmosphere, service, and, not surprisingly, better tamales in the parking lot of el Super.
4	Delicious menudo ans pozole! Pork tamales are also very good.  Very moist and they definitely load up on the meat! A MUST every time we come to vegas
1	I was craving Mexican and had heard about this place from a couple of locals in Vegas. All I can say is I guess people have varying taste. I had the beef taco, chili relleno and a tamale. The beef taco was soaked in marinade, the chili relleno had zero flavor and the tamale that this place is their staple signature dish was as dry as the desert this Las Vegas town sits in. The only thing I found good here was the chips and the service. Pass on this place.
1	This was my favorite Mexican restaurant for 13 years but, tonight I found a cocker roach in my tamale!! I know this location is old but, if your roaches mix with the food this is a bad thing!! Feeling very sad because we love true food but just can't go back:(
5	So good. Their coffee has cinnamon in it and it's the best. I had 3 full cups. The tortilla soup was scrumptious and the census from the family was that the menudo was very satisfying. The tamales oh my gosh they were so delicious. Very moist. I would definitely hit this spot again .
1	Worst place I've ever ate at in my life! $35 for TWO people & the food was complete shit.I had a cheese tortilla(TCT) & my husband had chicken tamales. The TCT was so greasy I could barely eat it & my husbands chicken tamales weren't even cooked. The meat was PINK!!A car full of ladies were holding us up from getting into our car & when all 6 piled out they asked, "how was your dinner." I replied, "it was terrible & I would never recommend this place to anyone!" 5 of them started walking away & one lady kept talking & said one of the ladies that walked away was the OWNER! Not even a I'm sorry your dinner was bad what can we do to make it better....We came from BOULDER CITY cause I'm 7 months pregnant & was craving Mexican food so we had a date night there.After reading a lady had a COCKAROACH in her tamale & the chicken wasn't cooked in my husbands, I think this place needs to get reported to the health department so I will gladly be doing so.  just looking at his tamale made me want to THROW UP!
5	I will never come to Vegas without visiting again. Incredibly hard workers. Margaritas are the bomb, get the pitcher it's $2 more than two glasses and about 3x as many.  Beautifully decorated. They made me nopales con Juevos (eggs with cactus).  This place rocks.
4	I like this place.  It's a bit over-priced, but there are some pretty good deals on the menu.  I especially like the plates that give you 3 items for about $15.  Their tamales have gone up in price, but they are quite tasty.   The beef burritos are great.  The enchiladas are great.   Their red sauce is spectacular.    I love the salsa they bring with the chips, but I usually got filled up with them before the meal comes which is why I usually split one entree because the plates are large.  A three item plate feeds two.The worst thing about this place is location.  On two occasions there I have encountered homeless people either sleeping in the parking lot or panhandling.  The place has been there for many years and a high rise condo tower has grown up next door.  The easiest way to get there is while heading south off Las Vegas Blvd., but when you exit take the back street to avoid traffic.  Getting there can be a challenge due to one way streets and heavy traffic on Las Vegas Blvd.  The environment inside is old fashioned kitschy Mexican decor and nothing spectacular.  The layout of the place is atrocious.  You have to walk through the bar to get to the restaurant.  The staff is friendly and attentive.
1	I came to have menudo with handmade tortillas.  Being that their specialty are tamales I ordered a cheese and pork tamale. The menudo was great but the tortillas unfortunately were not handmade. What bothered me the most was that the owner argued that they were.  I would've appreciated her honesty. The tamales were not the best.b
5	This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in town.I always get the 2 chicken tacos (shredded chicken) and with all rice (orange color) and no beans. I've never actually tried anything else on the menu. After the 2 chicken tacos I had.. I've been hooked ever since. The staff is very attentive and quick. They give you free chips and salsa. The salsa does not come with pico.
2	We had a nice tasting lunch, but it was marred by the bus boy slamming dishes into the boxes outside the kitchen door. The noise was loud, startling, and jarring. Even after I asked him to work more quietly, he continued. It disrupted conversation. We waited in vain for the waitress to pick up the check (delivered without any inquiry about dessert or coffee).  We finally took it up to the cashier ourselves. This was no way to treat customers whose bill was over $100. Disappointing.
2	A place like this calls for numbered issues:1. The dinner special (Tamales, Enchilada Style) was way too salty. 2. The tortillas were very obviously store bought; they were served dry and hard. 3. The micheladas are nothing but your choice of beer with Bloody Mary mix. This was especially disappointing bc we were craving micheladas. You can find better ones at Bonito Michoacan. 4. The menudo was extremely bland. The broth tasted like watered down ramen soup BEFORE you put the seasoning in. The actual tripe was very soggy. I may be wrong but I think this means they didn't cook it long enough? Either way, it's not the way I like it. You can get better menudo at Pepe's Tacos.5. Are we having a lime shortage again? Not one lime seen, but lemons galore. In the menudo, the food, and the micheladas. No lime.  6. The salad that is offered with your food was comical. Store-bought cheese and half a tomato placed on top (not even diced up).The chips and salsa are good. I leave this restaurant with a full stomach of that. Unfortunately nothing else left a great impression and we will not be returning. For the prices this place offers, I would expect the food to be a lot better. Very disappointed.
1	This was the worst experience ever! I am so disgusted by what I saw the waiter do that I couldn't even eat my food. The waiter stuck his hand and arm in the horchata machine to fix something, and didn't even dump the horchata out. This place is so dirty! There is no customer service at all. I do not recommend this place to anyone. My husband and I will never return. very dissatisfied
5	I've been dining at Dona Marias since 1986. Es el mas mejor cafe Mexicano en el mundo. I've readthe other reviews and though I've had a few negative experiences it's never been with the food. I've tried everything on the menu at least once. The food is always exceptional, but would agree their prices are on the high side. Which means some items are now non grata. For example, the Filete Huachinango Veracruzano is $17.50.It consists of a filet of red snapper, with rice and beans.Fresh snapper in Ventura, CA, where I'm from,. is $7/lb.The serving at Dona Marias is less than a pound. I'll be generous and call it a pound. You're paying almost $90for a pound of snapper if you buy it at DM's. And that's no deal. Here are my list of deals:1. Antonio, jefe de los meseros, has been there since opening day. (treinta anos pasados). Antonio's serviciois like a mongoose on speed. He's everywhere at oncebut muy amable and more then willing to engage losclienteles estamados.2. Breakfast burrito. Enough to feed an army. $10.3. Caldo de Pollo. Chicken soup con legumbres. $104. Orden doce tamales. A dozen for $20. Chicken, beef,orpork.5. Order of 4 soft shell tacos. You save $3. Thedeal is OK, but Tacos are great.The dinners are excellent and consist of combos oficonic Mexican standards. I'm a big eater and I have to eat two dinners before I'm sated. If you're staying at the Hostel and trying to see  the US on $10,/day order a saladand load up on chips and salsa. Buen provecho.
3	Can't relate to the negative reviews here ..... been going to Dona Maria over the past 12 years whenever in Las Vegas with a hankering for Mexican ...... always good dependable tasty standard Mexican fare . Good solid burritos,tacos and tasty salsa,rice and refrieds........ quick service..... reasonable pricing...... never had anything but a good,pleasant meal here .
4	This part of downtown Las Vegas has seen better times. Do not judge this wonderful Mexican restaurant by the area. The tamales are out of this world. Best ever. The special was two  tamales, I ordered the chicken, with soup or salad, refried beans and Spanish rice. The portions were very large to say the least. Price was a very reasonable $12.95. While this restaurant is about a 30 minute drive for me I would go there anytime I desired a quality experience.
5	One a mission for tamales and we found this place.  It was much better than we have ever had in California, including Tiajuana with the exception of a place we tried a few days ago and that was mainly because their GREEN SAUCE was better but the Tamales pretty simple.  Chips are very homemade and fresh and we loved them and we got so full of them we took half our food to go.  BIG HINT:  ORDER THE SPECIAL MARGARITA THEY HAVE THERE IT HAS LIKE FIVE SHOTS OF ALOCHOL AND WE ALL GOT A BUZZ ON THE FIRST SIP.  GREAT VALUE
