3	I am a long-time fan of Nordstrom in general. I had always wanted to go to Spa Nordstrom but never had the chance until now. I have grown so frustrated with trying to find a decent place in town to get a manicure (I want something more than a strip mall joint) I decided to bite the bullet and pay for one at Spa Nordstrom. I was surprised I was able to get in for an appointment the day I called. The same thing happened a few weeks' prior when I was shopping there and thought I'd try to see if someone could wax my brows before I went home. In both cases, I was easily accommodated. The pedicure is exactly as Stephanie S. describes. I was taken back to an open room with lots of comfy seating. I had just a moment to relax before a woman came in and washed my feet in a bowl and brought me some strange beverage. (I later mentioned that I liked it and she offered to leave me a bottle at check-out. I would have thought that was nice except it wasn't complimentary!)The room she took me to for my pedicure looked like an esthetician's room, which wasn't entirely surprising. I was disappointed though that the polish colors were all so (ahem) "Arizona." Lots of oranges and pinks, and metallics. That's fine but I'm a Chicago/Boston girl. I want my OPI Black Cherry Chutney and I'm Not Really a Waitress! Next time, I'll bring my own. I like Essie, but their brushes aren't as top-notch as OPI and I've found that there are more mistakes made with Essie polishes as a result. I chose the most basic red they had and sat in the chair. She tilted me back 90 degrees, which was AWESOME. Apparently this is a chair from the Relax the Back store. It's great because all the pressure is off my back and I am forced to lie there with my eyes closed and just enjoy. It also means that I couldn't see what she was doing. So while the whole experience was nice, it wasn't until I'd plopped down $100 (special leg treatment and tip included) that I saw that the polish job was actually quite messy. It's fine, but not what I'd expect. Polish on the cuticles is quite a no-no! Definitely not what should happen at Spa Nordstrom.Afterward I was surprised to get a hard sell. They tried to sell me the beverage and a foot file, plus she gave me her card and wanted me to make sure I ask for her when I come back. I was urged to make a follow-up appointment right away, too. If the polish job was better and I didn't feel like the esthetician was rushed and tired, I might not feel this way, but I have to say that I'm disappointed. I didn't feel truly cared for and pampered beyond just what goes in to the basic pedicure service. I could have gotten the same for a lot less elsewhere, and next time I think I'll try an Aveda Concept Salon. The trek continues...
5	I really don't think anything gets better than Nordstrom and I think it has to do with the way they make you feel like a princess.I love their massages, pedicures, facials, products, but the best thing ever is the high pressure shower...let me just tell you!they rub you down with an apricot scrub while you lay on this bed type thing. then this magical shower head uses water to massage you and clean off all of your scrub taking away any dead skin you might have had. my only complaint is it isn't long enough and you're left wanting more. I have never felt so great. if i could give up bathing and just do this everday, i would be in heaven. and the people are just so nice! I love the weird looking guy who works the desk, he has a charm about him.
5	i have super dry skin and spa nordstrom seems to be the only place i can find this product called cheeky baby butter. it's 99% organic and 100% natural. i use it on my face instead of a night cream. my skin feels soooo much better and looks amazing the next day. so if you have super dry skin like me, this will save you.http://babybearshop.com/home.htmthis website has more info about their products.ps. we replaced lotion with this bc i don't care what any product says about no 'residue' after there's always one. but this stuff just leaves your hands soft and delicious
5	After passing my boards (!!!) my darling SO gave me a gift certificate for a spa manicure/pedicure at the Nordstrom Spa. Expensive and over the top like woah! I was able to get an appointment the day after I called. It was similar to those previously described -- a little odd sitting in a communal area with your feet in a bowl of water, but totally forgotten once supine in the fancy kicked back recliner. The mani/pedi took a mind-boggling two hours and was amazing. I fell asleep at least twice, twitching and drooling and all. That's all fine and dandy, but the proof is in the pudding: the mani lasted TEN DAYS, and it's not like I sit around with my hands in the air. I use them. The polish was flawless for DAYS AND DAYS. My pedi is still incredible. I am beyond impressed, but that shit ain't cheap. Until I'm making big super duper bank, I think I'll need to stick with the cheapo little Vietnamese places.
5	Just a little update to say I indulged in a massage here yesterday and absolutely must rave about the pummeling and ass-kicking I got from a deceivingly compact  and smiley girl named Andrea. This is the way a massage should be: part pleasure, part pain, and all therapeutic. Upon complimenting her, she simply shrugged and replied that she used to work on pro athletes until she wrecked her shoulder. That explains it. When I left, I looked like I got ridden hard and put away wet -- makeup all smeared away, hair frizzy and askew, dazed look in eyes. So. Worth. It. I already prebooked another massage for my next day off...
5	I have been going to Spa Nordstrom for years.  I have never had a bad experience.  I always get treated wonderful and never get made to feel like they don't have enough time to complete my service even when I have been a little late.   For the type of spa experience they offer I would say the pricing is amazing.  I have gone to resort spas that are supposed to be the tops but Nordstroms out performs them by far.  I recommend them for sure.
5	Came to Scottsdale for a girls' weekend trip with 4 other gals.  We had tried to look for a spa that was near our hotel and the 2 that we looked into closed down'; the one in our hotel was just too pricey.  So we decided to go with the spa in Nordstrom.  The location is nice, and its an quick walk from the hotels on Camelback Road.The staff was punctual and very courteous.  I got the moor mud wrap and my Aesthetician  was Erin who was very friendly and sweet.  I have never had a wrap before and she walked me through the process and made sure I was not uncomfortable about anything at any point.  During the wrap they do make you strip down, but she did offer a disposable panty if i cared for it (which I didn't use)...you sit in the wrap with a heated blanket for about 20-25 minutes and then you get a scalp treatment as well which was nice.  After you shower you apply this amazing body butter that really made my skin super soft and smooth.Overall the service was fantastic, I was very relaxed and I really liked the staff's service.  The prices were comparable to most of the other spas in the area.  The only FYI you should know is that if you go before the mall hours, you have to go through the parking garage and call the spa so they can come get you...A great experience!
5	I used to be a cheap person when it came to getting my eyebrows waxed. If I had to spend more than 10 dollars for a wax I would cringe.  After two serious burn sessions and a very unattractive healing period I decided to spend a it more money and found myself at the Nordstrom Spa.   It flipped my brow world upside down. Casey the Aesthetician was wonderful.   Sh e gave me a true brow shaping and showed me how to fill them in with a powder. After my first visit I received so many compliments on my brows I became hooked.   Well worth the splurge!
5	I Tell EVERYONE to go here.  I've never had a bad massage, facial or bikini wax here.  The people here are always super nice and polite and the services never lack in anything.  It's so convenient if you have to be at the mall and run errands and then make some down time too...I don't go anywhere else for my massages or facials and recommend this place to anyone who enjoys relaxing.
4	I have been a spa girl for quite sometime and love the service that you get at Nordstrom.  It's always been easy to get an appointment and I love their attention to detail.  Just had a massage with Kimberly, and actually fell asleep!  My snore woke me up!  Ha!!  Thanks again for great service!
1	Nice place.  I have been there twice.  First time was a 3 today after being there for over 3 hours I came away with a decent pedicure and a half of a manicure.  Unbelievable story and unbelivable wast of time
5	This place is super convenient because it is inside nordstrom!!  I can go shopping and get my nails, wax and tan all in one place. They even open earlier then the store for appointments which is a major plus. They give the best gel manicure, that will last me 2-3 weeks. Definitely worth checking out.
5	I've been in a few times to get gift certificates but had not received services. I decided as a treat for my upcoming birthday, I would make an appointment for a pedicure. I arrived and was taken to a waiting area, with dimmed lighting, water and soft music playing in the background-very relaxing.  Shay came over and explained the pedicure process with me, as this was my first time. The 1 hr and 15 min pedicure started with a foot soak then was led to a private room. As I reclined in the zero gravity chair, Shay did an excellent job relaxing me and giving an unbelievable pedicure experience. If you're looking for the best pedicure, go here. It's pricey at $70 but I enjoyed every minute of it! Next time, I hope to book a massage!
