5	The newest Presidents Club in the system, the Las Vegas location offers abundant views of the Strip crowned by a twinkling ceiling of fiber optic lights. It was one of the first non-hub clubs to feature premium wines, and reflects many of the best features of other lounges...hopefully Continental will update other clubs to reflect this look. The large bathrooms are hidden just to the right of the door, and newspapers are only available in front of the check-in desk. My only gripe with this club is that occasionally it can be as crowded as the terminal below. An open bar and great views do help dull the pain. N.B. this is the first Presidents Club open to United Red Carpet Club members flying CO or UA...even though it is not yet indicated by any sign before entrance.
4	This lounge is definitely larger than the one in Dallas/Fort Worth. I have to say I like this one much better. When you walk in it is the came with the lockers for luggage and such but then it OPENS UP to this huge wall that is all glass. You can see a great view of the strip and many aircraft going back and forth. Again the drinks were free but I still tipped $1.00 each. It seemed that there were a bunch more snacks than other locations. I really like the bread sticks and the cheese. The bartender was super nice and I think she moved from Texas so we talked a little bit. When I was there i think my wife and I were the only people in the whole club. It was very nice to relax after an exhausting trip in Vegas....but we all know I will be back. MZ
3	Pretty small and annoying to find.  The view is nice.  The bartendar made a great martini.  The snacks were your average - cheese, crackers and shortbread cookies.  Can we get something besides chips?
5	United Airlines has no Red Carpet Club @ McCarran International Airport - BUT Red Carpet Club members can utilize Continental Airlines Presidents Club Lounges.One accesses the Presidents Club via the secret elevator (I kid, I kid!) on the D Concourse. Go up one level, through the entrance and check in.Comfy lounge! There is a bar area (I got a glass of complimentary grapefruit juice to wash away the taste of my cough medicine), a long bar along the outside window (which overlooks the runway/gate area), and lots of comfy chairs and tables.Electrical outlets abound - so lots of places to plug in.Limited snacks are available: bagels, muffins, coffee, tea...
4	This is actually a really nice club. Comfortable seating, standard food, free drinks, and not many people.
4	A very nice Presidents Club probably soon to be renamed a Red Carpet Club for their new brand, United.  Looking forward to when they get some of the amenities that United offers that the old Continental did not, such as hot food for order in the club room.  Internet was a tad spotty on the service/speed side otherwise would have been an easy five star visit!
4	Nothing to eat but lots to drink... The only thing they had was chips... No cookies, no fruits, no cheap bread or sandiwches... hmm... Nice and comfy place though... Knocked off a star for lack of food.
5	While you're here: nosh on some snacks, partake in libations, catch up on email, read magazines/newspapers, enjoy views of the strip while relaxing in a quiet atmosphere. The clientele must be older as I am always getting carded at the front door and at the bar. Perhaps I just look young. :) McCarran is my home airport so I frequent this place often. It's located between Gates 33 and 35 in the D gates. The staff is top notch and super friendly. No surly or disgruntled airline employees here.
3	I've been to some great airport lounges, but this one was just okay compared to those. They have great, friendly staff and a full bar to get you through your travels. There were some light snacks, but nothing to really tie you over if you have a long layover. I would probably wander down to the Wolfgang Puck Express to feed my belly.  I hung out here for a bit before my flight. They do have internet, but it is unsecure, so I just hooked up my laptop to my phone for some secure internet browsing. They had football on the tv, which would be fine, but some of the inebriated patrons of this lounge made for a less enjoyable experience. As someone else mentioned before, this lounge was frequented by an older crowd. A nice spot to get away from the hustle and bustle of McCarran.
1	Continental sucks!
