5	Ordered business cards and labels today through Avante.  Very helpful staff with reasonable prices!
5	We use Avante Print Center for our business card needs. They do an amazing job. The customer service cant be beat here. Everyone is friendly and very attentive to every detail. I highly recommend Avante for all your business needs.
5	I am a freelance graphic designer and started sending all of my projects to Avante. THey always do an amazing job and really know what type of paper/cuts will look best with my designs. The staff is always very friendly, the prices are great and the quality is fantastic!
5	Avante is fantastic.  I stumbled upon them as I was looking for a place to get a few things printed last minute for our animal rescue.  So I just stopped by the office.  They are really friendly, took on the job and actually printed while I waited.  And then on top of that, they donated the printing to our rescue.  They're fantastic!About a week later, I had one day to get a poster printed for an event our rescue was doing.  So I emailed the files first thing in the morning to Renee (who is amazing), they had the poster printed by the end of the day!The quality is great, the employees and service are exceptional, and the prices are competitive.  This is exactly the kind of place you want to do business with and support!
5	Supper Easy to work with, took my idea, came up with a Business card that looks amazing, tool the layout and came up with a Rack card and a 3x8 banner.  Also the turn around time was extremely fast.   Highly recommend this company to anyone with printing needs.
5	As a new business starting up there is so many things a company needs and may not even consider. We used Avante Print Center not only to create our amazing logo but also to help with our promotional and collateral materials. (Business cards, postcards, folders, handouts, water bottles, door clings). I love that Avante is a family owned business and I feel that they have gone above and beyond for our new preschool and we couldn't be happier. It's hard to find good honest companies like this one that doesn't low-ball you from the door. From their eagerness to help with new ideas, reasonable prices,  to there fast and timely email responses. Thank you Cheryl and Renee for your countless emails, hard work finding exactly what I want, friendliness, quality and over general reliability -for all of the hard work you have put into our new small/ family owned small business I am forever thankful!If you are looking for a one stop shop in the valley to help you  with all your business needs you cant beat Avante Print Center!Janel McElwainMunchkins Preschool
5	Customer service is # 1.  Ran out of Rack cards, Robert expedited my order so I can have my desperately needed hand outs for my trade show! Thanks
5	My experiences with Avante Print Center are always pleasant.Since the beginning of our business relationship they have helped me customize and maximize my marketing efforts with no hassle whatsoever. I will always go back to them for amazing prices, great customer service and the wonderful "family owned and operated" feel.
5	5 star business in all aspects! Speed design quality customer service everything! IN FACT: they surmounted my expectations def a business to follow in standard! Thank you!!!!
