4	Very, very good. Authentic Moroccan, cooked from fresh ingredients and served hot. My daughter is a vegetarian, so she finds places like this and drags the rest of us there. I'll go back any time she asks! I'll even pay her way.Awesome Babaghannouj, Kebabs, and Lamb. Heavenly aromas wafting from the kitchen. The only drawback is the carry-out ambience. They could jack up their prices 50% if they had a dining area with dimmer lights, real china plates, metal utensils, cushy booths, and carpet. Not that that would be a good thing... But it might draw a more upscale crowd.If you like any Mediterranean food, go try this.
5	great food and great service. I often go there for a late night bite and the food tastes great night or late night (in my case).
5	I've been to Casablanca Cafe at least ten times now. I typically go with a small group of friends in the evening (after dark) and the atmosphere is great for it. I almost always order the crispy chicken plate when I go to Casablanca and at the end of our meal we have hookah. But I'm sure, as my friends agree, the other food is just as good.Staff is very nice and the atmosphere very inviting and relaxing, especially in the evenings. There are a few televisions running Arabic music videos and always some kind of Arabic/Mediterranean beats playing. Highly recommended!
1	I went to Casablanca Cafe on Saturday (02.05.11) and walked in but nobody was there.  After a while someone walked out from the back and he said "sit anywhere", but with an attitude.  I ordered the special "Seafood Pealla Plate". However, when it came out I began to eat it and I found that I was eating the shell of the mussell.  I told the owner that there was a cracked shell in my plate with pieces throughout the plate. He shrugged his shoudlers and said that " You have to be careful with pealla".  I was floored with this response.  I explained that shells are not edible and he said "that was how we make it".  He then began to tell me the history of where pealla came from.  I told him to forget the history lesson and I will pay and go.  After paying I left and was miles away when I realized he charged me full price even though I ordered the special, which was at a discounted price.  I will NEVER go back to this place again, and I do not advise that you go either.
3	Solid- but I wanted more variety. Options are limited, and the appetiser was the best part of the meal.
3	I really wanted to love this place, I wanted it to be a grubby, undiscovered gem in NE Charlotte.  You know how some seedy ethnic takeout places have first-rate, mind blowing food?  I think this just may not be one of those places.  Or maybe it was just what I ordered.  Kofta Tagine.  The daily special.  Should have been awesome, was just mediocre due to everything (rice and meat) being kind of dried out.  However, their cafe au lait was really good, and the Arabic music videos on the teevee were very entertaining.  I'll probably give it one more try sometime just to see if they make a decent bastilla.
5	I love this place! Owner always comes and checks on us, sometimes insists on giving us free soup or bread....just small tokens of appreciation.  I love the Chicken Brochette. I was getting it to go weekly but had to cut down on carbs. The Chicken bastilla is AMAZING! I don't like seafood so can't comment on that. I also love the falafal and Tabouleh. They have burgers too for boring eating partners! The paella is not that great. Not bad, but so many better options.
3	I had dinner here tonight with an old friend, found the place on Yelp and decided to give it a try.  While it wasn't bad, it could have been a lot better.  They were doing work on a partition (hammers and drills), and the air conditioning was off.  My hummus was bland, although my chicken and steak kebabs were flavorful, the baba genouche was about as bland as the hummus.The best thing was the Moroccoan Mint Tea!  It was delicious!
2	I am so sad to write a 2 star review of this place...I wanted to like their food so much! But, there were some problems, that we just couldn't ignore.First of all, it was Saturday night, in Charlotte...now, Charlotte is a restaurant town. No where is empty on the weekends, and I don't think anyone stays home on the weekends for dinner!!! This place was completely empty. We were the only customers the entire time we were there. This is a huge red flag, but when we were done with dinner, we understood.We got the variety plate appetizer. The falafel was nice. Hummus was good. Babaghannouj was pretty good. Their stuffed grape leaves were the best thing we had the entire meal.Hubby and myself both ordered tagine, I got lamb and he got the fish. The fish was fishy...I like fish, but this just wasn't exactly right, and I can't put my finger on where it went wrong. The lamb was tender but dry...I know that sounds strange too!!! But, it was pull apart tender, but there was no moisture, no succulence...it was ok.Our other issue is that we wanted "authentic" Moroccan food...If you have ever read any of my other reviews...we really really like different foods.But, when we were ordering the waitress told us that "authentic" came with french fries, and the "american" style came with rice... This just doesn't seem right to me. But, the rice was nicely cooked and flavored.Sometimes an ethnic restaurant can suffer from trying to stay too true to their roots, and fall short because the ingredients are lacking here in the states.But, sometimes an ethnic restaurant can suffer by trying to americanize their menu...and going way too far.I think this is the problem with Casablanca. With zero customers on a Saturday night, they need to re-think their approach to Moroccan food in Charlotte.
1	I wish I had gotten the chance to try their food. My husband and I went to the restaurant at 12:30pm this afternoon for lunch. The cafe still had their open light on but their doors were locked. We peered in the window to see the lights on but no one inside: I assumed the cashier had to use the restroom and temporarily locked the doors. We walked around for a couple minutes and came back to find the door locked again, this time when we looked in the window we saw two staff members looking back at us and then ducked/hid behind their curtains. SO RUDE!I would have been understanding if they left a note on the door, or turned off their open sign, or simply come to the door and told us they were closed. I have worked in restaurants and retail and I have never seen such blatant disregard for potential customers or such rude and childish avoidance! I think I'll stick with Akropolis.
4	I quit visiting this place for a while, because the owner opened another location and quality went down in his absence. We went back about a month ago just because it is walking distance, and he was there. He said he decided to close the second location and focus on this one.There have been decoration updates, but most importantly, the food was back on track. I got the chicken bastilla and it was to die for. Didn't get  my usual chicken brochette so can't speak for it- it had really been suffering. Hubby got kefta and agreed that it was as good as before.
5	Courteous service,delicious food and reasonable prices.  Had the falafel appetizer and lamb shawarma.  The different flavors of the falafel came together well and the lamb shawarma was great- the meat was fresh and grilled to perfection.  Recommend the garlic yogurt sauce.  One of my party ordered the chicken bastilla and we all agreed it was great.  Plan to come back soon, with friends.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in North Charlotte.  The food is stellar and I've never had a negative experience.  Great relaxed atmosphere.
5	Moroccan Tea is HOT with fresh Mint, sounded great so I order one.  This was good though I do not need to order one next time.Chicken Bastilla ! ! ! The Appetizer was like a Chicken Turnover!  Imagine (and see my photos) pulled Chicken, perfectly flavored sauce, wrapped in thin layers of dough and topped with Powdered Sugar?  Based on this dish the yelp rating is 4.5 stars easily!A lettuce salad was included with the Entree.  This salad was simple Iceberg Lettuce with a good dressing and a very good mixture of toppings!My entree was a Chicken Leg (NOT boneless) in a light Curry with small Olives, served with Potato Fries and Fantastic Bread.  The Curry gets 3.5 stars, the fries get 3 stars and the bread gets 6 yelp stars or at least 5!Tabbouleh is one of my favorite dishes and this one is SUPERB! !! !!! Six yelp stars or at least 5!For Dessert I had Baklava, it was very good 4.65 stars! In case you want to know the Service is Excellent!  The Decor is Totally Moroccan! The Patrons make this place a Lookalota!!!UPDATE Nov. 18 2012They said the Bastilla had to be ordered a day in advance!My Girlfriend and I split the Kabob Platter : Chicken, Beef and Shawerma on top of Saffron Rice!  The Arabian Coffee was better than many Turkish Coffees, very similar!
3	When I first discovered this place, I (or some member of my family) came religiously so I could satisfy my craving for the chicken kabob plate. This meal, to me, was the perfect blend of my favorite stuff: grilled boneless chicken kabob, perfectly seasoned rice and awesome salad. We even braved the terrible service of the girl who used to answer the phone (she was very rude) to come and get this food!However, at some point they decided to change things around. The rice is now more brown and doesn't have the same perfect taste. The cheese even changed momentarily from feta to mozzarella. I love cheese but I loved feta in this setting more so the change was annoying to me. By far, though, the rice change realllllly got me. It got me so much that I stopped eating here.Then, I decided to give it another try. To my surprise, the rice was ALMOST back to what it used to be. I was temporarily happy again!! Until, several weeks later, another craving hit and I went back to get takeout and I was given the type of rice that I hate. This ruined the entire meal for me. I actually have not been back again since because I can't figure out what kind of rice they are using on the regular.In any case, despite my rice saga, the owner is usually very nice when I see him. He recognizes some members of my family and says hi and that is nice also. I do hope the restaurant does well and maybe one day I'll be back (maybe).
4	I came to Casablanca for the first time yesterday and it was pretty good I must say! Having lived in the Middle East, this place was a pleasant surprise. I ordered the Casablanca Shrimp Wrap and boyyyy was it spicy! It was good but it opened up my sinuses LOL. I noticed that they offered hookah, but no one seemed to partake. I may come here and try it out sometime in the future. The space is not as big as I expected, but it is quite cozy. I did give a side eye when I asked for sprite and I was given a can and my fork was in a baggie..... o.O. yea lol The only other thing I can add is that the tv's that are on play Arabic music videos. Meh, I guess that adds to the atmosphere...But besides that, no complaints.
4	Great place.  Very authentic,  complete with moroccan t.v in background.  The bakalava was amazing!  The burgers were yummy (had a extra spices).  The chicken plate I got came with fresh bread.  We stopped during a long trip.  It was not far at all off of the highway.  It's in a small strip mall and doesn't look like much on outside.  This will definitely be a regular stop for us when we are driving through.
1	I spend lots of money on food, ethnic food specifically cause I am a great cook.  If I go out to eat its gonna be wings or something from another country.  This was a long time favorite but I'd say in the last year this place has changed and they have lost me as a regular customer.  The food is ok, but way overpriced and the portions are pretty sad.  Not sure if people know that a 2lbs of couscous cost about $3.00 and it cooks up to enough to feed a family of 4.  So what they are charging for this dish is wayyy off.  I know they use a lot of different spices but none that isn't readily available in America.
3	This place has so much potential. What they do well - namely, the couscous, gyros and tagines - they do damn-near perfectly. Where they fall short, improvement would be easy and inexpensive. So, like a middle-school English teacher with a bright but lazy student, I'm simultaneously pleased, annoyed, and yet hopeful for progress.First, the praise. I've tried the baba ganoush just about everywhere in Charlotte you're like to find it. Casablanca Cafe's is easily the best. I simply can't recommend the lamb couscous highly enough. It's truly a thing of beauty; full of big chunks of fresh veggies and a generous size of perfectly seasoned lamb that really does fall off the bone. The French bread they serve with it is a delicious and authentic reminder that Morocco was a French colony until 1956. The tagine is very good and quite authentic, but lacks the vegetables you get in the couscous. For a simple lunch, the beef gyro is fantastic with a creamy garlic sauce. Try it wish their slightly smoky hot sauce. It's called harissa, although the girl at the counter didn't seem to know that. A repeated source of frustration is their continued failure to actually provide what is on the menu. Where a side of grilled vegetables is offered you will have to make due with a decent but unremarkable salad. And don't even bother ordering the Moroccan Symphony (assorted Moroccan pastries). They never have it. Seriously, never. Which is a shame, since the mix of French influence and the Islamic affinity for sweets makes Moroccan pastries some of the best in the world. I've been coming here since it opened about three years ago. At that time it looked like little more than a gutted Subway whose future was yet to be determined. Since then they've made some small efforts to impart some Moroccan style to the dining room. However, dimming the lights, painting the walls a dark color and draping some fabric like a tent to hide those bland and decidedly un-Moroccan ceiling tiles would go a long way to making the place feel much more authentic. Also, as enthralling as those soap-operaesque music videos they play on Arabic MTV are, there must be a better musical option than Egypt's answer to Ricky Martin's "Shake Your Bon-Bon". I just don't know what that could be.
5	Delicious but you can't always count on them to be open when they say they are. But If you can get in it's totally worth it. The food is authentic and the atmosphere is cozy! Try the sampler appetizer. The tuboleh is great ad so is the hummus!
4	Love this place! I am not as versed in this type of cuisine (middle eastern/mediterranean) as I am with other things but have had enough to write a pretty good review...plus i took my 1/2 lebanese gf that can cook the hell out of this stuff.  Casual dining....they have couches along the walls so it can be very comfortable and "loungy" one could say.  Excellent hummus, falafal, shawarma, kabobs.  Touboulleh and baba.... (spelling) is very good as well.  Stuffed grape leaves are ok...definitely had better though. Been here about 4x and had different things each time the food is very good.  Definitely a place to check out if you are new to the type of cuisine or even if you are familiar and want a solid meal.
2	The food was delicious. However, twice I've observed the male owners berating the waitresses. The last time, it got loud because a NEW waitress relayed a question from a patron. The owner was actually screaming & cursing at her! WTF! I signaled the waitress over and told her that regardless of finances, SHE should never accept such degradation. The fact that she was petite & soft-spoken, with a meekness to her enraged me; to make matters worse, she actually had tears in her eyes when she returned to the patrons, who were pretentiously puffing away on hookahs, clearly apathetic to what they just witnessed. I told her I'd help her find another job if need be, gave her my cell number & a $10 tip (she wasn't even my waitress, and my food totaled $8). I grabbed my food & bounced before I went Beatrix Kiddo in there.She texted me 2 weeks later to say she quit one night on the spot and has since found other employment :)Cultural values aside, basic human decency is non-negotiable.  Discovered the restaurant has a revolving door of waitresses because of this.  Will NEVER eat here again, unless under new & ethical management.
4	Came here for my birthday lunch. I loved the layout and decor. It was very comfortable. I'm used to small plate dishes in Mediterranean restaurants, and was surprised this place wasn't like that. The meals were fairly large. The food was flavorful and appetizing. I will definitely go back and think its a place that all those interested in Mediterranean or Moroccan cuisine should try.
4	I went today for a business lunch.  I really enjoyed the food and I will return.
3	The lamb tagine was delicious, the rice was great, the baklava was huge and excellent. The only drawbacks were that the server was a bit inattentive and I was dismayed to discover when I got up to pay that the health department rating is only 86 (B).
3	Get the lamb tagine. #delish
1	I went here a couple times because I liked the food and the scenery. Last time I went I had hair in my food. I recommend you check your food before eating it here
4	Very delicious kebabs...Enjoyed the Rib steaks a few times. Their Hummus is excellent.
5	Great food!  Best falafel I've had.  Fresh and authentic.  I had a Lebanese babysitter when I was younger who used to cook delicious food very similar to the flavors I enjoyed here.  Bravo!
4	Been here a few times for a local book club. Atmosphere is nice and food is good. I'd recommend giving it a try.
5	I have been living in Charlotte for the past year and half now and I have been to a large selection of middle eastern/Mediterranean restaurants.  None of which had the same quality food or the friendly staff that I have known to love at CBC.  The chicken is to die for and the atmosphere of the restaurant has a very authentic feel to it.  I go here a lot and also love the fact that they stay open so late.  Wonderful overall!
5	I've been eating at Casablanca for years & am without a doubt one of its biggest fans.I've tried a lot of things on the menu & have never been let down. However, I typically always get the same thing for my entree: kafta kabob, chicken kabob, or the couscous (with a glass of the hot mint tea). Note: I do find myself asking for more of the salad dressing to pour on my rice (because this is delicious to do) + pita bread. Either way... stick with any of these as your meal & you will be happy! **Although I also enjoy Kabob Grill or Levant, I favor Casablanca. **La Shish is very similar to Casa.
5	Stopped here after shopping at IKEA.   Food was very tastty. The lamb was grilled perfectly, Even the children's chicken was grilled well
4	3.5 stars - We ate at this restaurant and didn't die!I too made the most from my trip to Ikea by checking out this place for lunch. Pretty comfy atmosphere for a little hole in the wall, I must say.  The good news is that all the former "daily specials" (Mon through Sun) are now available on any day. We started with the eggplant dip (not the baba ganoush, the other  one) and it was delicious, an easy 4 stars.I had the lamb couscous - the first time in 30 years or so!- it's a stew made with lamb shank, squash, potato and I think courgette served over couscous. Not a fancy but an authentic recipe, the portion though was supersized American style. 3.5 starsMy other half ordered the Chicken Tagine w/rice, which is supposed to be a chicken stew with pine nuts, dates, chick peas etc but here it was mainly a roasted chicken with no sauce - I suspect it was partly stewed first but its just a WAG-  She was a bit disappointed but what was there was pretty good and lots of it,  plus it was served with a bit of really tasty salad and she enjoyed her dish nonetheless.3 stars  I drank a hot mint tea and we split a baklava which was OK but for reason had been refrigerated - which I think is pointless. .... and we took home a full container of leftovers for our animals. I'm looking forward to trying other items from their menu - and from the Caribbean restaurant next door! - unfortunately that location is fairly distant for us.
4	Interesting little hole in the wall in the University area.  It's located in the dying shopping center on N. Tryon (between Harris and Mallard Creek Church) which formerly housed Stool Pigeons.  The ambience is not great.  Fluorescent lighting and lots of ethnic fabric covered benches, and the fabric looks dingy and wrinkled.  However, the food was great.  We didn't want to commit to eating a full meal so we ordered the appetizer sampler that contains hummus, tabbouleh, falafel, tzaziki, stuffed grape leaves, garlic dip and a cold smoked eggplant dip.  The tabbouleh was fresh and bright with lots of lemon juice - one of the best I've ever had.  The garlic dip and hummus were both very good.  Hummus was perfectly creamy, and the garlic dip had so much flavor I mixed it with some of the other items to boost the flavor in those.  Service was great, as expected since we were the only table in the restaurant at the time.  The food was fresh, and we'll definitely be back to try more items.
1	We held an intimate birthday lunch at this restaurant today, and it sadly did not impress any of us.  Although the pitas, babaganouj, and paella were of decent quality and flavorful, the fries used were previously frozen, the salads were bagged and topped with Wish Bone-esque Italian dressing, and the service was terribly slow and disorganized.  The waiter would deliver one things at a time; it was just awkward and inefficient.  Although he was pleasant (once or twice he even made a few funny jokes during order-taking) throughout the meal, he quickly turned irritated when we pointed out the mistakes he made on our check that would have cost us an additional $10 - $12 overall for a party of 6.  The only way we caught it was due to the awkward was they had us check out one by one, and the last person in our party had all the extra charges, so it was clear.  The one star on this review is merely for the good chicken gyro I had.
5	I'm going all out on my 1st visit with 5 stars.   I stopped by midday, around 3 pm, and since I was about the only customer received fabulous service (thx Raian).  My to go order took about 10 minutes to assemble and when I arrived home I was over the top happy! Casablanca Cafe reminded me of a visit years ago to Morocco.  I ordered the Lamb Tangine and also a mosaic plate, which is a sampler of their starter courses.  The lamb was falling off the shank and was topped with French fries and regionally correct olives.   Yummy!  The mosaic plate was equally delicious.  I've found a great new haunt for some excellent food from N Africa!
1	Couscous was simply awful. The effort put on the dish was very minimum at it had a bland taste. Disgusting. Other items on the menu... not for me anymore!!
5	I visited Casablanca Cafe for the first time yesterday evening and was absolutely delighted. The decor was simple Moroccan/Mediterranean prints and patterns, with pillows everywhere - don't let the strip mall location throw you off; the inside of this restaurant is absolutely adorable. The in-house menu is much more extensive than what you'll find online, and is full of traditional Moroccan/Mediterranean dishes seasoned with cumin and saffron spices. (I had the kafta tagine - small beef meatballs served in tomato sauce with peas and onions ... delicious!) And to top it all off, our server was incredibly helpful: at restaurants, I always want to find a dish that can't be easily replicated (by myself or by another restaurant) and so I lean heavily on the wait staff to help me make my decision; our server was very honest about all the dishes on the menu and proffered his opinion which ultimately led to my decision of the tagine and to our decision about the appetizer. At the end of our meal, he recommended a mint-and-honey tea which was a perfect complement to the rest of the evening's food and drink. Highly recommended!!
