1	Went in yesterday around 2:30pm. Only one stylist, who was working on another guy. Waited approximately 15 minutes for her to finish with him. A couple of minutes before he left, a woman came in. Even though I'd been waiting - and the stylist had acknowledged me when I'd arrived - she called the woman by name and off they went.When I asked if there was a second stylist, the sytlist said no, that she'd called in sick. Then, the stylist said the woman customer had called in an appointment an hour before, obviously intending this comment to answer my implied question about being overlooked.I didn't realize that Supercuts took call-aheads, but that's not my gripe. What was annoying, rude, and unprofessional was that the stylist didn't tell me when I arrived, or even when the woman arrived, that I wouldn't be next up. So I wasted about 20-25 minutes unnecessarily.When I started walking out the door, the stylist intoned an insincere, "Sorry." I used to live nearby but never was terribly impressed with the place, and now I have one more reason to switch to Great Clips 30 seconds down the road... which I did yesterday. The difference in professionalism - nothing more than simple courtesy, really - between the two shops is significant.I noted that Supercuts has a training center here in Charlotte. I'm thinking that my inconsiderate stylist might need a refresher course, if she's hoping not to permanently lose other customers for herself and her employer.
3	I like cheap and inexpensive haircuts. My "do" is really hard to mess up, so I tend to stick with the large chains on this market. Where Mrs. K. needs a stylist and needs to spend money, I can generally get by on something that costs a whole lot less.This Supercuts is a standalone, which is odd. I usually see them as part of a strip shopping center or in a strip mall. No worries, it's just as good as any other.
4	I got a great inexpensive haircut from a true professional.ddc
5	Portia is awesome.  She looked at pictures and sample hair colors with me (and I took a looong time to decide).  She darkened my hair significantly, and when there was a little in the back that didn't absorb as much color (I never would have noticed if she hadn't pointed it out), she insisted on re-dying that part.  And she gave me some killer bangs.  Love her.  When I lived in NYC, I once got a $400 cut and color (which was stupid because that's a ridiculous amount of money to spend on a haircut).  I swear Portia did a better job than fancypants in NY.
2	I stopped here out of annoyance of having to wait at another salon & wanting to get the ordeal over with. I wanted a trim, I didn't need a trim. I walked in and was told 10 minutes, I was okay with that considering the place before offered a 45 min wait. I was promptly greeted and seated after the 10 min wait. I explained I need a trim because I was getting my hair done in twists the next day. The stylist offered to do a protein treatment and I agreed because I understood its benefits. Prior to beginning the treatment I stated I wanted to retain length versus being even!!We proceeded with the conditioning process and everything was okay until the trimming process started.  Somewhere in my spirit it felt wrong as I watched the ends fall to my shirt. I made a comment about it being too much and she assured me it was just 2 ringlets nothing more. Once she got to the front my heart begin to panic as I realized that her method for cutting was so wrong...at that point it was too late. I paid and I left, due to me having a delayed response with things I didn't truly see that her trim equaled more than 1 & 1/2 inches of my hair being cut off due to her IMAGINARY split ends until later!!! I'm beyond distraught as I went from 3 inches to almost bra strap length in less than 3 years with no trim, to be knocked back a bit. I went in hoping to increase my efforts in achieving a solid bra strap length before the year was over. Her CUT vs TRIM set me back to the length of my hair in the winter time. -sigh- ughhh I hate it!!They got 2 stars for being nice and readily available but I despise this trim, regret it. Enough to make me finally sit down and write a review. I've done a lot that needed a Yelp response but playing with my hair just set me off completely!
1	NEVER GO TO THIS SUPERCUTS. The "hair stylists" only know how to use clippers (not even well), they are rude, lazy and the slowest I have ever seen. Not to mention the place is a disgusting shop. Go to the other one on South Blvd instead of this shit hole.
