1	I learned my lesson not to use Budget.  I made a reservation with Amex services to later get a bait and switch upsell with an inaccurate quote.  Only rent from budget if you like getting a pressure upsell job at the counter.Further, they later $25 charge for the administrative services to provide my contact information to the AZ robo camera nazis.  I suspect all the rental people charge for this.  However, they certainly didn't have to charge me.Last, arrive at the airport early.  They only had one guy checking in dozens of cars in five lanes.  CHEAP...
3	Here's what you need to know.  The name of the company is Budget.  If you get a smoking deal on Priceline or any other website, you're going to have to wait.  Sure you could go over to Dollar or National where there is no line but you'll be paying almost 3xs what you would with Budget.That said, my husband & I booked a car through priceline.  For 8 days we got an economy car for under $200.  That included taxes, fees and all that jazz.  When we got to the rental car facility there was a bit of a line.  We waited in line for about 45 minutes.  They did have a Budget employee that was monitoring the line and answering any questions people had.  We got to the counter and had our car within 5 minutes.  Sure the guy tried to upsell us on a Mustang but after we told him we weren't interested he dropped it.  I didn't feel any pressure to add anything else.  Originally they were going to give us a Kia Soul.  Ugh the hamster car!  The guy helped us out though.  We ended up with a 2 door Altima with no additional cost.Drop off with the car was quick.  We were upstairs waiting for the shuttle to take us to the airport within 10 minutes of getting to the facility.
1	VW Beetle was listed as the vehicle available when I requested online. The vehicle received was a Kia Soul. From the first time openeing the door it smelled like chinese food. For 5 days.
1	An absolute nightmare! The wait is excessive (almost an hour), staff is curt, slow and non-caring. One of the worst rental car experiences ever! I recommend renting from ANYONE other than Budget in Phoenix.
1	We went to Sedona on our honeymoon and rented a car from Phoenix. I got a priceline deal for the our rental car which said it included tax.   When we arrived at the counter we were told the tax was not included, fine.  They tried extremely hard to upsell us on a car, but we declined and asked for what we had reserved, a compact... she said there was one car of that class left....Well good! we reserved that size, right?? I went to call priceline to ask what kind of raggedy situation they had gotten us in.  Meanwhile, Paisley, our rep, also told my husband that "we HAD to insure the car" after we declined any sort of coverage.  She basically made him feel like he could not leave without buying that insurance.  We should not have signed the agreement but it was really late and we just wanted to leave and we were made to feel like we had to.We ended up spending about $300 on priceline and then almost $400 on insurance (that we didn't need) and extra taxes at the counter.  I called budget's customer service... the rep said that I should have pointed out that it was optional to THE EMPLOYEES at the counter..  I'm sorry? am I getting an hourly wage? She would not refund my money or give me credit towards a future rental.USE ENTERPRISE OR ANY OTHER CAR RENTAL SERVICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The actual car was fine but everything else was the worst ever!
2	Be very careful when renting here. While I think we did get a fair price. They are very sneaky in the way they try and up sell you. We were told we could have an upgrade for $89. We thought that was great so agreed to it. Then they told me to just sign here and your good to go. Luckily I read the whole statement and my bill had gone from $209.00 to over $700.00! It was per day and they were not clear at all about that. They really try and find anywhere they can to gauge you. Read everything carefully!!!
1	Awful.  We rented a car and, when we got to the counter, there was an hour+ wait just to do the paper work.  There must have been 40 people mulling around waiting for their number to be called.  We left, went to another rental agency and had a car with in 10 minutes.  Did it cost more?  Yes, however my vacation is very short, and I did not want to spend 2 hours of it at Budget.  Never again.
1	Basically, I ordered an intermediate size car (Dodge Avenger or similar) and was given a Chevy Cruze. A Dodge Avenger is classified as a mid-size car by Dodge and the Chevy Cruze is classified as a compact size dar by Chevy. If I had wanted a compact car I would have rented a compact car and paid somewhat less. But no I wanted something larger and ordered a Dodge Avenger equivalent. I called customer service to complain about the vehicle size and they explained that they are classified into the same size even though they are not. They were not at all apologetic and were 100% unwilling to help me get a replacement vehicle.In the end I paid Budget extra to screw me over and give a compact car for more money because of Budget's "creative" vehicle classification system.
