5	You can search high and low, near and far, and you will never find a dentist as amazing as Dr. Woodbury. His skills are world class and his team is fantastic. Katie, the hygienists, is first class. I have been a patient and a loyal fan of the office for years. I have recommended them to countless friends, family member and co-workers, all with equally impressive opinions of Dr. Woodbury and staff. If your looking for a great dentist, check them-out!
5	Dr Woodbury and his staff are 100% professional.   Everyone in the office from the receptionist to the hygienists to Dr Woodbury are super friendly and super competent.   This is not a big operation with a bunch of anonymous actors...it's just Dr Woodbury, a couple of hygienists and the receptionist.   Dr Woodbury gives you an honest evaluation of your dental health...ie: work that needs to be done vs work that should be done to work that will need to be done in the future.  There's no pushing to get work done.   I went without dental care for many years because I couldn't find a dentist that I felt was honest,  competent, and friendly.   I read reviews of Dr Woodbury on several sites and decided to give him a try...and I'm 100% happy with my choice.  You will be too.
4	So far, I have been very pleased by Dr. Woodbury's office and staff. They were able to work with my schedule (tough, since I don't have time off at my new job, yet), and were able to fit me in at the last minute for my xrays.I had some concerns about one of my teeth, and the doctor took extra time to look over the xrays with me and let me know that my tooth was fine and what I could do to mitigate any discomfort. While the hygienist was a little bit rushed, I won't hold that against them because they were all working a half-day and I was the last (squeezed in at the last minute) patient. Because of this, I am even more pleased with the doctor's helpful and empathetic manner. They handled all of my paperwork while I was getting x-rayed (rather than waiting for me to finish first) which made it, overall one of the most efficient visits I have ever had to a dentist. I still have to get my full cleaning, and reserve the right to update my review then (grin), but so far I have already recommended Dr. Woodbury to friends and coworkers.
5	I had difficulty finding a good dentist in central Phoenix until I found Dr. Woodbury. Despite having changed insurance plans a few times, I have not had to give up Dr. Woodbury as he accepts a good range of insurance plans. The entire office staff is really friendly and Dr. Woodbury has a very gentle touch - he even managed to make my husband not mind going to the dentist which is quite a feat! The office is always running on time as well which is big plus when you're fitting in dental visits around a work schedule.
4	After cracking a tooth on Monday I called a few places and Dr. Woodbury was able to see me a short 3 days later.  When I arrived they were able to take me promptly, being on time is very important to me and most places I have been to there has been a wait.  There was some confusion on my part, I thought that I made it clear that I needed the tooth to be fixed asap and they had booked me for and exam only.  But after realizing my dismay of not being able to fix it right away they made the time.  I had taken most of the day off of work and wasn't sure when I would have been able to come back.  I was worried that it might have been a rushed job but my concerns were unwarranted.  I have always been the nervous type when it comes to going to the dentist, hence I need some major work done now.  I couldn't believe how utterly painless the whole procedure was, even the shot of novocain, I didn't even feel it!  I had a filling a few years ago at another place and the quality of workmanship by Dr. Woodbury really made me realize what a hack that other dentist was.  My tooth feels so smooth!I already made my next appointment and will be seeing him every month until my smile is perfect.  I also like that even though I was able to pay for everything I needed today, when it comes time for the more expensive work, they will work with me on a payment plan.
5	I haven't seen Paul in years.....which makes me sad. He was my childhood dentist, from my first tooth all the way into my sophomore year in College. Unfortunately, I haven't seen the dentist and years, and my health coverage doesn't reach his network. I recently went to another dentist, and it paled in comparison to the experience I had with him. To be honest, I felt like dollar signs were hovering over me at all times. Thankfully I found he is within Cigna's PPO network, and next year I will quickly add him as my primary dentist when we get to choose plans. I don't care about charges, etc. He is the best. I never was scared to see him, and you never saw any staff turnover. Best example could be that my original Dental Assistant was with me from the first cleaning until the last, and I believe she is actually still there. His offices are cleaner than clean, you always get top quality service, and while I was there I never once second guessed their advice or service. Mind you, all this is coming from my experience as a child at this office, by far the toughest demographic to comfort. I can't wait to go back and say hi to the staff, they were all pretty much family to me. They always would ask for an update on my life and genuinely cared about me and my teeth, not dollar figures sitting in a chair. This is an awesome practice to take your entire family to, their service will stand the test of time.Message me if you want more detail. Other things quickly to point out is that their equipment is top notch and services they assist with are ever-reaching. But, once again, message me if you have extra Q's.
5	I have extremely sensitive teeth.  Or at least, I thought I did until Dr. Woodbury.  Somehow he is able to work on them (even on my upper front teeth) without me feeling ANYTHING.  His staff is great as well.  I have yet to have anything less than phenomenal encounters with all of them.I've been there 3 times now, and as of yet I haven't had to wait in the waiting room more than 5 minutes.  Definitely a keeper!
5	I went to Dr. Woodbury for 5 years before I moved (and it was hard to say goodbye).  Dr. Woodbury is gentle, caring and thorough when he works on your teeth.  I always felt as though I was listened to and also educated about how to take care of my teeth.  In addition, I never felt like I was being taken advantage of, as he suggested instead of filling in a small hole that could develop in to a cavity, he gave me tips as to how to deal with it so it did not turn in to a cavity (which it didn't)! The office staff is also extremely friendly, they remembered facts about my personal life, and also talked to me about their so I felt every time i went in there like a family.  Thank you for five amazing years of healthy beautiful teeth! Fingers crossed I find a place like this in Chicago.
5	There are several dentists in my network, but none have the positive reviews like Paul D. Woodbury. This is a small, tight-knit dental office which I like. The office manager/receptionist Lisa greeted me with a smile and firm handshake....nice touch. My hygienist was Sherry who is outstanding at her job. She explained everything she did which is not unusual, but she was interesting too. I've never requested a hygienist before, but I made sure to book my next cleaning with her in 6 months.
5	Was searching for a dentist near work and from all the rave reviews I decided to give Woodbury's office a try. SO HAPPY I DID!! From the call to make the appointment to the day of the appointment, everyone was ah-mazing!! They were even able to get me in the very next day even though I was a new patient! Lisa was the sweetest and so patient while helping me figure out who I was insured through! (I gave her health and didn't have my dental card on me.) Thank you so much, Lisa! I didn't have to wait 20 minutes in the waiting room...I was taken right back and started on x-rays. I even had to finish filling out my paper work at the end of my appointment because they started on my right away. The entire time I was getting x-rays and cleaning done, Sherry had me laughing the whole time! She's a hoot, so knowledgeable and made my first visit very pleasant and painless! :) Paul Woodbury was extremely friendly, sincere and made you feel relaxed. ALSO, every time I've ever gone to a new dentist they send me home with a list of items that will require attention/some procedure BUT I went home with just a couple things I need to get done (which were the things I went there for). This was the biggest plus in my book! I will absolutely recommend this place to anyone and everyone!
5	I've dreaded going to the dentist because they always try to up sell me. You don't expect a dentist office to try to sell you something but they do, but not Paul Woodbury. He checked out my teeth after the hygeniest cleaned them, said everything looked good and see you in 6 months!
5	Dr. Woodbury and his team are THE BEST!!!  I have been cared for--and I do mean cared for in the very best sense--by Katie and Dr. Woodbury for many years.  I always recommend them to my friends who then become loyal patients.
