1	Paid up front and never got my cards or my money back. I am still trying to get money back and he said to call my bank and claim through them so bank insurance will pay back for it. He shouldn't have a business license.
1	RIPOFF!! I also have had dealings with Sacbe at first he did great work and went downhill fast!! I ordered 10000 flyers from him back in February I patiently waited for them after 2 months of getting the run around and excuses about waiting for a part for his machine to fix it and then just not answering his phone or going to a locked shop with the lights out with him hiding inside so not to deal with me. I finally caught him and asked for a refund and got a RUBBER CHECK ALSO! I immediately went back to see him and got the run around about how he had a fraud alert on his bank account and someone stole money from him and yadda yadda yadda... As I sit here and read everyone else's problems with this BUM it's just like an echo of my same dealings with him. I stopped into his shop today 6/17/14 and actually found him without the door locked and tried to ask him to do the right thing and got the same old excuse about fraud on his account even though 2 months has passed and he still cant make it right.And as I sit and read all his BS responses to everyone he has this same response to everyone "He has been in business for 6 years and he hardly would write a bad check for $772.92" Look him up thru the secretary of state he has 6 different companies 5 of which are in revoked status and 1 in default!! Anyone who has been ripped off by this" BUM" feel free to call me my name is Rob 702-413-7773 I already have a case in front of the DA's office please call them also and ask for Jake Merback. I gave him every opportunity to do the right thing and he snubbed his nose at me he thinks he knows how to work the system. LOL!! Good luck Sacbe I hope you enjoy your time behind bars. It's all about who you know in this town!!PS. Don't bother responding with your lame excuses you met your match this time you DEADBEAT!!
1	Sacbe I notice you delete all the negative responses you get on here. If you were a legit business man you wouldn't have to worry about negative reviews. How many people have you written bad checks too?? I for one gave you every opportunity to pay me back the 772.92 that you wrote a RUBBER CHECK for and you snubbed your nose at me. How many more people are you going to do this too?? You have 6 LLC's in the state and 5 are revoked and 1 is delinquent. You are a liar and a bum that rips people off and I for one am not going away or shutting my mouth you need to make it right your nothing but a liar and a thief. I'm not going away anytime soon so do the right thing and pay me back the money you stole from my business and my family. I will press this issue in front of the DA's office being the fact that you have written bad checks to multiple other people, It is a felony in the state of NV to write bad checks and I will pursue this matter daily until I get reimbursed the full amount or you are put in jail! You can delete this and I promise you I will continue to repost on a daily basis. And for anyone else that has been ripped off by Sign Experts please feel free to contact me at 702-413-7773 or contact W. Jake Merback at the District Attorney's office Bad Check Diversion unit 702-671-4701
1	RIPOFF RIPOFF RIPOFF!!! Everyone please look this THIEF up before you do any type of business with this BUM! He will take your money upfront and then will give you excuses that his printer is down or he has to go get parts and tell you everything but the truth. Then when you ask for a refund he will give you a RUBBER CHECK and will then make excuses that the bank has a fraud alert on his account and yadda yadda yadda. He is a thief with a storefront and a business license in DEFAULT! He has 5 other revoked LLC's don't deal with this lying bum he will soon be out of business tick toc SACBE I hope it was worth stealing my 772.92 because I will be the guy laughing as I see your business shut down and you getting put in the jail for being a thief. All you had to do was pay me the money you owed me and I would have walked away but you chose to blow it off and think your smarter than everyone. I will make sure personally that your business will be shut down and you behind bars. Rob
1	Second batch of business cards were printed with off colors. When i brought it to  the attention if one of their employees I was told I could either have them reprinted or be compensated on the next batch. Having them reprinted was a waist of material in my eyes and just asked for a discount on the next batch. Big mistake. When time came to get the next batch I got the run around from the owner and long story short will never do business with this company again. For 14 dollars they just lost thousands of dollars of business.  And now I'm left with the feeling of being used. Horrible customer service. There's plenty of other print company's here in the valley what will actually want your business.
1	Zero Stars!!!  I certainly wish I read the reviews on this place before having them make a sign for me.  I strongly urge you, if you are thinking of using these guys to make a sign for you, to come to my shop in the next plaza, it's called Bluenote Tattoo and this place did my sign.  I welcome you to view the choppy work that this place does.  I've been complaining to them since Mid May which is 3 months at this point and I get nothing but the runaround, including how backed up they are, when in fact, I've paid for this sign months ago and still waiting for it to be done the RIGHT WAY, I paid for this months ago, I should be bumped to the top to fix this and not put under the pile;  and now the owner doesn't even return emails. The letters on the sign are uneven, the trim is coming apart from one of the letters and the face of another one of the letters is already coming off, and this is less than a month after installation when I started complaining about these things.  One of the letters actually had a crack when they installed it, when I pointed it out, because I could see light coming through it, the owner said he couldn't see it because he didn't have his glasses on, the guy with him acknowledged it was cracked on the spot (why did you install a cracked letter- did you hope I wouldn't notice?)  They fixed that, but the more I look at the sign, the more I see wrong with it.  I actually drove around to different businesses to see if their signs were as uneven (just in case this was common and I never noticed it before) and guess what?  Every other sign is spot on even and perfect. Absolute Amateur Hour here.  Do yourself a favor and research a good sign company- Sign Experts is NOT one.
