3	Had a charity golf event here recently. Solid 3 stars! A nice open course that wasn't too long or too difficult. Par 3's were not that long and there are 1-2 par 4's reachable on a good drive. For a private course, the course could have been a little better up-kept in my opinion. One item that is needed is hole markers, as they were not labeled and for a shotgun start this would have helped. The clubhouse was very nice and the views were nice. There is a nice driving range, putting area and chipping green for practice. Overall, great course for a scramble golf event. Fair play for all types of players!
4	I'm not a golfer but I can fully appreciate a pretty, well run golf course and Cedarwood is just that. The greens are nicely kept, the staff is very helpful and all the carts were in working order. In terms of the difficulty of the course, most of the folks I spoke to while assisting with a nonprofit golf tourney mentioned that Cedarwood is a great, mid-level course for all players. The club house is spacious and open and the food is pretty tasty. All factors are definitely important to take into consideration when planning a charity golf event! If I were to golf, Cedarwood seems like a solid place to check out!
4	I attended a wedding reception here and it was a great facility for a dinner event.  Of course, the facility was beautiful  and staff was friendly. The food was pretty good.   The layout was perfect for an event like this -  there was plenty of room for lots of large dinner tables as well as a dance floor.  They kept the beverage stations open and well stocked.  The bride and groom were very pleased and the guests had a great time.
3	Casual dinner with members tonight and food was great! Service was inexperienced.  Always love the location and people!
5	Cedarwood is a great golf club. I am not sure the combination of quality of golf course, south Charlotte location and value can be matched. The course is very easy to walk and play and not get worn out. The staff takes care to continuously improve the course and watch the conditions. The grill room has really solid food choices including a southwest chicken salad, buffalo chicken wrap and great burgers. No matter what side you can't go wrong.
