4	I was elated when I saw the new Nellos go up in Old Town.  If you like Nellos anywhere else in the valley and havent been to OT, race your pretty little face over there tonight.  For salad.   I too am not a huge fan of their pizza and I cant put my finger on exactly why but I think it has something to do with the sauce...  Just not what I get excited about.  But the upgraded garlic bread with cheese and tomatos paired with their amazing and very generous spinach salad...now there is a food worthy of blowing your diet over.  The atmosphere at this location in particular is better than the others, plus its in Old Town so less screaming children means more happy hour fun for you and me.  Rumor has it they have live music there sometimes too.  Parkings a bitch at high traffic hours but isnt it at any OT hotspot?  Get over it or road trip it up to Shea or down to Tempe for other fine locations.
4	Great salads - especially their chicken Caesar. Their pizza is better than I remembered. They also have a delicious pizza bread appetizer that's good to split. The food here is above average for a chain, but as far as pizza places go it isn't remarkable. There's nothing particularly special about this place. I've enjoyed the food and the service a little more at the Tempe location, but this one is in such a convenient spot. It gives you the opportunity to walk off your dinner while wandering around town looking at art galleries and whatnot. I had realized that I gave this place a 4/5, but the review sounded like I kinda hated it. I also said this place wasn't as good as the Tempe location, but I think I gave that one a 3/5. Don't listen to me - I must not know what the hell I'm talking about.
5	Nello's is one of my favorite to go for drinks and appetizers after work. I just went again, tonight, and remembered how much I love it. The setting is nice, the bartender is awesome, the food is good and the wine list is pretty good, too.My coworkers and I generally head to the Tempe Nello's for happy hour, simply because it's the only place we've found between all of our apartments. But the ambiance there is much more "kid-friendly, chucky-cheese." The Scottsdale Nello's has live jazz and mood lighting.. much cooler.I like the eggplant bruschetta as an appetizer, as well as the tortellini salad. My three girlfriends and I always split one of each, and the sizes are perfect for four of us...
4	I'm giving this place 4-1/2 stars.We were on our way out of Scottsdale, and stopped by this area in oldtown Scottsdale.  No idea how good the food would be, but were pleasantly surprised.Champagne salad - the carmalized walnuts were really good in this salad.Crab stuffed mushrooms - one of the best mushroom dishes I've ever had!  the mushrooms with crab stuffing is very flavorful, but they also put it in a plate with their marinara sauce and melt cheese over it, which surprised us, but the sauce was superb.  Great balance of sour and sweetness with the marinara sauce (I prefer a sweeter marinara as some are just really sour).BBQ chicken pizza - not too bad.  the bbq sauce was a bit too sour for my taste, but a good pizza overall.This place was a great surprise for us.  Highly recommended.
3	Nello's is an excellent place to just kick back and relax especially on Art Walk night or in the midst of similar activities in old town Scottsdale, they also offer the lure of live music on Tuesday and Saturday nights. My favorite appetizer pizza combo thus far is the eggplant bruschetta and the pizza rustica with a small river of Kilt Lifter steadily flowing to my table. The pizza is thoughtfully done, always tasty, and the ingredients always seem to be very fresh. While I've been pleased with their desserts I would rather walk to the Sugar Bowl next door and hazard 10,000 ankle biters to get a good old fashioned ice cream sundae or banana split.Event calendar for music:http://www.nellosscottsdale.com/wine_dinners_group_events/
4	I was a regular at the Nello's on 48th st and Warner in Awhatukee, so I was pretty interested in trying this location out.  They are all owned individually so I expected it to be a little bit different which it was.  Still good, but I think I like some of the selections of the other Nello's better.  Not that big of a deal because I have already been here twice over the last 2 weeks, but I liked the soup of the day and the panini's they had at the one in Awhatukee.  Still a great place!
4	ok. i went here specifically for the pizza. i've been on a mission for 25 years to find the best pizza in arizona. i want a pizza that's going to taste similar to back east, and not fake, boring pizza. this place is in old scottsdale. the restaurant is fairly small but cozy, cute, and has a bar and a few plasmas. the pizza was very, very good. it had quality cheese, quality italian sausage,  authentic rich tasting sauce, nice crust, and overall great flavor. the very best? no. one of the best, definitely yes. i would rank this 3rd best pizza i've had in arizona. a great place to go. they have a full menu of pasta, sandwiches, burgers and appetizers.
4	Great waitstaff, beautiful artwork on the walls, delicious food. We had the hot wings and the garlic bread for appetizers. I had the margherita 7" pizza. All of it was very tasty. Prices are great, especially for Old Town Scottsdale.
4	This place was cool to stop into on the way to a game.  A friend and I each ordered a 7" mini pizza and it was great. Thick crust, but not overly filling, which is always a plus. Also ordered a salad that we split and it was pretty tasty. This place has character and the wait staff was really nice. I look forward to visiting again next year.
5	This family-owned small chain of Pizza joints is my favorite place in Arizona to get a pie. I have never ventured to Pizza Bianchi, partly because I am told that there is an hour and a half wait, and really, who has an hour and a half to wait outside in Phoenix for pizza? I have been to Grimaldi's. Grimaldis was very adequate.Nellos is extravagant pizza! They make their own sausage in house. Chicago style. They have Sicillian style too, but I avoid it and opt for a thin crust. I have had a few salads at Nellos and both were ample and delicious. This place seems like a good place to watch a game or have a pint as well, with plenty of good beer on tap. One of the owners is a local artist so there are plenty of fun things to look at even if you aren't watching a D-Backs game.I like the atmosphere at the Gilbert restaurant the best. The outdoor patio is great, but the artist/owner runs the Scottsdale location.
3	It was our last evening in Scottsdale and we were sick of the turrible Mexican food.  We stumbled across this place in old town Scottsdale and it was everything we were looking for - reasonable prices, no wait, and food you can't go wrong with.  We ordered the pan pizza with a few toppings, side salad, and 2 beers.  Our total came out to about $30!  I don't remember our waitresses name but she was super sweet, friendly, and fast.  You can't go wrong here.
3	Good place for lunch or dinner.  The salids are a standout and the pizza does not disapoint.
5	I ate here in the afternoon, sober. I ate a slice as a leftover tonight and was blown away! It was great cold! Tasted just like this place in Cleveland called Danny Boy's Pizza. The sauce is a little bit on the thicker side with a kind of deep dish crust. I thought it was excellent tonight, but am not sober writing this.
3	The thin crust pizza was decent.  The crust had the perfect level of thicknss and crispiness.  We appreciated the homemade sausage on the pizza but overall it was just average.  The pizza was lightly topped and the taste was a bit on the bland side.  The antipasto salad was very ordinary but it came with tasty homemade house dressing.I would return and try their Chicago style which is what they are suppose to be known for.
1	This is hands down the worst Pizza I have ever had. I had to go to Nello's after hearing my boss rave about it. I went on a Saturday night; the place was about 20% full. I ordered a sausage, onion and greenpepper thin crust. My first clue that this experience was taking a turn for the worse was when the pizza arrived with the toppings on top of the cheese. Maybe that's why there was no taste. Not even the seasoned pepper's flakes could bring this pie to life. The sausage was nasty. In summary, Nello's was brutal.
