1	My wife and I stopped here for dinner. To begin with, they have no beer on tap. The next problem was the waitress was not familiar with the beers they carry. Each time I asked about a specific beer, she told me she had to go check. My wife ordered the burger that came with pulled pork on it.  She asked for it to be cooked medium, which the waitress replied she could do that. Her burger came out so well done it could have substituted for a hockey puck and the pork was so dry it resembled a zombies head of hair.  I ordered the pulled pork with sides of baked beans and cole slaw.  The beans appeared to have been burned as the crust had been broken up and stirred in. The cole slaw was flavorless and bland. The hush puppies were like dark rocks. The pulled pork was as above described. Do yourself a favor and don't go here. They haven't been in business long and I don't expect them to last.
1	We came in to check it out and we didn't smell any BBQ! Really, I've never been to a BBQ restaurant that didn't have any smell of BBQ. I mean how can you grill food without it filling the restaurant with a smokey smell? Needless to say, we didn't eat there because we couldn't grasp the fact that we couldn't smell the food!
1	We came here when it first open and the food was Great!! We came back two more times wonderful. We went tonight and it was horrible!? The one reviewer is right. When we went tonight there was NO smell of BBQ? The each dressing was watered down, the soda machine was down so no sprite but they had Mr Pibb. They used to bring sauces to the table, we had to ask for them. The mashed potatoes taste like instant potatoes. Portions were also cut down. Good service though.
1	My first thought... How do they pay the electric bill on this very large space when on a Friday night at 7pm there are only about 6 people eating there.Ordered BBQ pork and brisket ... No flavor what so ever. Pork was very dry. Got fried squash sliced so thin it was like squash chips. Servings are small and food is blah!Other places in the area with much better food for the same price.
3	This is a fairly new place.  It's charming and homey.  The restaurant has been very clean both times we visited.  Both times there we sat at the bar, and drinks were made well, however we did not eat.  They do not have beer on tap and carry no craft beers, although one of the owners days that will change soon.  They have a nice bar, however the bar top is not as wife as the foot step on the bottom of the bar, making sitting at the bar rather uncomfortable.  They do have a game room in the back with pool tables, foosball and darts.  They also have a back patio with corn hole and horseshoes.  Being new, the service is a little slow and they don't seen to have enough staff, but maybe that was the time of day we went there each time.  We will definitely go back and try their barbeque.
