5	One of my favorite Food & Music Events here in Las Vegas!!! Small but full of energy and lots of great food!!! Located in Downtown Las Vegas at the Fremont Experience this annual event celebrates black history month with 3 days of food,music and FUN!!! Live entertainment from local artists and more,plus bbq,soul food and lots of sweets from about 20 merchants all set up in booths directly across from the 3rd street stage. For the most part it was exactly the same food vendors as last year with just a few new ones. My favorite John Mulls Meats Road Kill Grill was there and I was excited to visit them again since they only make this 1 appearance a year and they have FANTASTIC barbecue!! Just as I remember DYNAMITE!!!(see review below) There were lots of food options from BBQ Turkey Legs,Chicken,Ribs,Links,Brisket,Pork plus Cajun Seafood and Catfish, Funnel Cakes, Slices of Cake, Candied,Carmel and Chocolate Apples plus lots more to choose from!! The prices are pretty reasonable for a Las Vegas event most meals were under $10!!!
5	Some of the most fun I've had in LV in a long time. Very street....and very good. Go down now! It's the last day!Great bbq....and delicious sides. Take it home, or be prepared to eat standing up at tables that are the size of silver dollar, while homeless guys watch you chow-down from afar. If you don't finish, give what's left to them.Some good music: real soul and jazz.Some bad music: boring hip-hop.And while you're there, go to The Beef Jerky Store which is right there. Get some dried mangoes...it'll help digest the ribs.
4	We have been coming to this festival for the last few years.  This year they expanded the festival to 3 days (fri-sun).  It is a small festival but always has some great vendors.  Usually BBQ, catfish, Cajun, seafood, jerk chicken, southern, desserts and a few food trucks.  This year we went on Sun and there weren't very many vendors, not sure if it was because it was the last day or there were just less this year.  We went almost 2 hours after the festival opened and most of the vendors were still not open.  Most were still cooking and a few were just setting up as we were leaving.  That was disappointing.  The food we did get was good.  I wish they would put up at least a few tables to sit or even stand at, there were none.  There were also no trash cans except what a few vendors had put out.  I will be back next year but will go later in the day when hopefully there is more choices.
