2	Cilantro is the newest Mexican restaurant on Madison's west side.  It attempts to define a different experience than most Mexican restaurants in town, elevating Mexican cuisine to a fine-dining standard.  Nothing is slathered in cheese here, and each entree is unique.  If you're used to standard traditional Mexican, such as what's available at Pedro's or Laredo's, you'll be in for an entirely new experience here.  However, as with all new restaurants, there were several problems with the food, the decor, and the service.  When we arrived, the place was packed and we were among several groups who arrived at the same time.  Before dinner, we had what is apparently the 'signature' margarita - a mixture of cilantro leaves and mango nectar with tequila, served in a small rocks glass with cubed ice.  For $7, the drink was disappointingly small, and one of my companions noted a textural issue.  The mango juice was really thick and made the cocktail one step below a smoothie.  Also, the mango flavor overpowered the cilantro because the bartender didn't muddle the cilantro, and this was also disappointing because I was excited at the prospect of the flavor combination.We tried two appetizers before dinner.  The first, a trio of empanadas, had perfectly braised pork in a crispy, flaky empanada shell with two complementary sauces - a Sinaloan red chile sauce and an avocado mayo.  The second was a trio of chalupas, which consisted of three open-faced corn masa ovals topped with either chorizo and potatoes, mole with chicken, and mushrooms in a guajillo sauce.  All were excellent.  For dinner, A companion's chicken mole entree was outstanding, with hints of chocolate and cinnamon in the lightly sweet-yet-savory sauce.  Another companion's duck breast had an excellent tamarind sauce, which was also sweet and savory, but his duck was poorly trimmed and contained more fat than he expected - even from duck.  My fish enchiladas were decent, but one of the trio of enchiladas contained bits of fish that were overcooked.  The sauce, a green tomatillo mole, was very spicy and advertised pumpkin seeds on top.  I only counted a few, and they did little to enhance the flavor of the dish.  Also, I only received one of the two accompaniments to my entree, cilantro rice, because the beans that were advertised to come with it never showed up.  It ended up being a godsend, though, because when I tried a companion's beans they had an overwhelming liquid smoke flavor that I found disgusting.  Throughout our experience, we received incredibly poor service.  It took 40 minutes between the time we were seated and the time our appetizers arrived, during which we were served chips and salsa, but no plates, silverware or napkins.  Also, I was already finished with my entree when the waitress came back to ask how everything was, and I had no water for most of my meal, having never recieved a refill after the first pour.  It didn't look like there were any bussers, so the waitstaff was overextended doing expediting, waiting, and all bussing.  Also, when I pointed out I never received the side of beans that was supposed to come with my meal, the waitress argued with me and said that they don't come with what I ordered.  When she brought out the menu, she discovered she was wrong.  Finally, when we received our bill, we noticed a comp charge for all the mistakes, which was nice, but were also slapped in the face when we discovered an additional charge for a margarita we didn't order.  The decor at Cilantro is schizophrenic, with at least three different types of chairs, and a random laptop computer sitting out by the entrance foyer.  The tables have white tablecloths, and there is a lot of Mexican art on the walls.  The floor is a blond hardwood, the ceiling is exposed to the rafters, and there are floor-to-ceiling windows, making the small space look more like a yoga studio than an upscale Mexican restaurant.  I hope that Cilantro works out its kinks with staffing and service, so the focus - the food - can shine through.
3	Overall, you need to give it a try.  Our first attempt was not Frontera Grill, but I saw small sparkles of it shining through some small mistakes.  So far, ok.  My hubby and I tried Ciliantro for lunch this past weekend.  We tried the queso fundido, tacos with steak, and the guacamole.  I was expecting beautiful gelatinous goo covered in churizo, but unfortunately it felt like melted mozzerella with greasy meat on top.The steak was good, but the chile marinade was bland . . . a heavy pan and high heat could have created a stellar crust to allow the meat to shine.  It came with the guacamole and a beautiful roasted tomato salsa.The guacamole was fresh, creamy and chunky.  I would have preferred a bit of spice, but overall lovely.The fresh corn tortillas and corn chips were made fresh.  Grainy and perfectly seasoned; they redeemed the meal.Service was slightly confusing . . . not sure who our service was, one of three who served us, but overall good and pleasant.We plan of giving Cilantro another try, probably for dinner.  I think they have many emerging qualities that were untapped during our visit.  I especially want to try the cilantro mango margarita and possible the lamb for dinner. The chips and
2	Unfortunately, not memorable. At least not yet. Atmosphere was seriously lacking, service was prompt--too prompt--and not genuine in the way she talked.Food was good! Mango cilantro margherita was unique and tasty. Guacamole was exactly how I would have expected it to be. My mother kept raving about the chips, though I didn't think they were anything special. The Hucheco from the appetizer menu was REALLY good, the vegetarian enchiladas were just ok. The dessert menu sounded great, didn't try anything.I would definitely give this place another shot in a few months. But if you're looking for a place that has authentic Mexican food nailed (as well as service and atmosphere, meaning not fancy but real), go to La Mestiza.
2	We wanted to love this place but didn't.  The food was really pretty solid.  What blew the evening were the poor, sad, $12 "top shelf" margaritas.There was no selection of recommended margaritas.  Instead, we were asked, on the spot, to choose which tequila we wanted for our drink.  We chose and lost.  They put the lovely Don Julio tequila in w/ triple sec and whatever other over-sweet mix thing they had going on, and charged $12 for a cocktail that obscured all of the fresh elements that you look for in an ambitious margarita.  I would have preferred a lesser tequila mixed with a better orange liqueur, and great fresh citrus.The seviche was pretty darned good.  Same for the queso fundido.  We shared the pesca Veracruzana.  The fish was freshly crisp and the sauce, a nice compliment, offered a balance with acid, brine and savory warmth.The service was on the level of Olive Garden.  Whatevah.  I can abide mediocre service if the cuisine is worth it.  Given the insulting drinks, the Starbucks-esque ambiance, yet better-than-decent food, we still won't be back.
2	This place is ok to eat at.  I had Carne Asada and the sauce that came with it was just middle of the road.  The steak tasted great, was a bit under done (more rare than medium rare).  My husband had the Pork Tenderloin in a sweet sauce.  It was ok, but I expected a bigger hint of spice.  The homemade guacamole was great and so was the desserts.  The manager made up for some of our mishaps so I feel the service definitely tried to make up for any loss we had.  The pricing on the food was more than I expected but everything was fresh.  Fantastic server, fantastic management.
4	We've been twice. First time we LOVED it...finally a good -- and better than good --- mexican restaurant in Madison. When I say better than good, I mean creative, imaginative, gourmet. 2nd time we kind of looked around a bit more. Food not as good and decor seems confused: it wants to be formal (there are white table cloths) but they should have lighted votives and get rid of the out of place round wicker rotating chairs. This place is so close!
3	Very tasty authentic Mexican. Atmosphere  left something to be desired. Nice to have this choice on west side.
3	My first visit to Cilantro was a success- by BFF and I both ordered vegetarian enchiladas, which were stuffed with zucchini, carrots, mushrooms and onions.  They were delicious, as was the accompanying rice, garnished with, guess what? -wait for it-Cilantro! BFF ordered some sort of signature drink made with lemonade, vodka and cilantro- it was a little on the tart side, but overall very good. For dessert- crepes with plantains and goat's milk-YUM!!  Of course, I love plantains, so go figure.Lunch for two- 2 beverages, 2 enchilada plates, dessert- $39.  Not bad, but I subtracted a star for the $2 charge for chips and salsa.  The salsa was served in ketchup-sized ramekins, so it felt like a bit of a rip-off.  Yes, it's petty, but so is charging for what amounts to a bread basket.
4	Cilantro is located in the former location of Rice Cafe. Party of three at Noon on a Tuesday during "Xmas break". Serving lunch, brunch (can't guarantee this will always be during the week) and a lunch buffet from 11am to 3pm. There were four groups of people in a place that serves 17-18 tables. Two waiters that seemed very confident. Strangely enough our waiter couldn't say how the "shrimp & eggs special" tasted as they don't let them taste the expensive shrimp meals. I offered to share a bite as that's a dumb policy. Lunch and brunch ranges from $9-12 a meal, with the buffet at $7.99. Ordered the totopos (chips and salsa) for $2. Lime marinated and salted chips with a mild verde salsa and mild-med habenero salsa. Both salsas were thick and creamy. Would recommend as an appetizer. I ordered a house margarita for $9. Fresh squeezed lime juice, house tequila and Grand Torres on the rocks. Very tasty but could cut the price by $1-2. For my meal I had the Huevos con Camarones (eggs & shrimp) for $10.  The main portion was scrambled eggs, grilled shrimp, cilantro and tomatoes and I think I saw some small diced onions in there too.  Came with a side of guacamole, black beans with queso fresco, corn tortillas, and the aforementioned habenero salsa. The shrimp and egg dish was nice and subtle, really highlighting the great flavor of the shrimp. Adding some guacamole and salsa to the mix worked too, but I thought the tortilla was unnecessary and overpowered it. The beans were something of afterthought. Overall a sensible potion, but I would ask them to hold the tortillas and beans unless I was starving. I would definitely have this again and recommend it. Entrees after 5pm range from $16-22, and I'm looking forward to trying the Carne Asada next time I stop by. First stop was 4 out of 5.  Slight downward adjustments to their prices, and tasting policies (so they have more knowledgeable wait staff) would bounce that up a star.  Everyone at the table enjoyed their dishes.
1	as a food-ie, i've eaten at literally thousands of places in over 20 countries, and Cilantro in Madison is the first place I would describe as "gourmet Mexican"...sounds good, but the food is anything but gourmet.upon arriving at the restaurant, we are greeted in a small space, occupied by a nicely stocked bar giving it a cozy ambiance,  we were then escorted to the main dining room, which is spacious and decorated with interesting pieces of art.  the rest of the decorations were tacky at best, and I found myself trying to not looking at the multicolored window drapes.We did not order any appetizers and went straight to the entrees.  My date had the vegetarian fajitas and I had the "jumbo shrimp and rice."  Well, the food came out in a reasonable amount of time, about 15-20 minutes.  I was immediately disappointed by my entree; the jumbo shrimp were not "jumbo"...just regular size.  The rice came in a nice pyramid and was cooked with cilantro.  I tried the rice first and found that it was not cooked correctly.  it was damp and completely without taste, even with the cilantro.  I then tried the shrimp and it tasted like all the other shrimp i've had at any Mexican restaurant for less than half the price.  My date said she thought her meal was "ok" which is never good.  Our waitress was pesky and had poor timing.I paid about $50( including tip) for 2 entrees.  The food is terrible and even at half the price, I would not eat here again or recommend it.  Once again, Madison has been lacking a good Mexican restaurant and Cilantro only makes things worse.
4	Enjoyed a stellar dinner here with two very good friends, and would happily and whole-heartedly recommend that you stop by for an outstanding, authentic Mexican dinner.  It's more of an upscale authentic Mexican cuisine establishment, so if you're expecting a big greasy pile of cheap meat crammed and covered by pasty beans, dry rice, and a boatload of cheese (like you'd find at Pedro's, Laredo's, or Mi Cocina), look elsewhere.  If you're looking for a "hole-in-the-wall-but-Bario-like-authentic" experience, look elsewhere.  What you will find is a non-pretentious, comfortable and cozy dining area that can seat around 60-70 people, a super friendly and attentive staff, and a delicious selection of reasonably-sized, inventive and mostly authentic Mexican entrees.  It's a tad pricey, yes, but again, this isn't Taco Bell, so get over it.The menu options were vast and intriguing, but we ultimately opted for the nightly special: slow roasted carnitas (with locally raised pork) and a selection of salsas, including a cactus salad and a wonderful tomatillo sauce, complimented with charros negros.  One of the party members enjoyed the pollo con molle y aroz (chicken with molle and rice).  And while the beverage selections looked great - especially the handmade, fresh squeezed margaritas - we opted for water, coffee, and soda.  The coffee was superb - I personally downed 4 cups of it with dinner.  Our entrees took about 20-25 minutes to prepare, and when they arrived, we couldn't wait to dig-in.  The portion sizes were absolutely perfect; the presentation, while not inventive, was efficient and pleasing.  The flavors were outstanding - the carnitas were smoky, and bursting with a supreme porky goodness, finished with just a hint of "crunch" from their finish in the fryer.  The beans were unreal - bacon-infused flavor abound.  I sampled the molle, and wow - smokey with a hint of cocoa and just a touch of heat.  Very nicely done, Cilantro!  We were never rushed, and our sever did a great job of following-up on refills and to make sure that everything was ok.  My meal came to $26 - a price that was more than fair, given the overall quality.  Some might balk at a $26 "Mexican dinner," but again - this isn't your typical canned slop.  Cilantro = WINService = 4 starsFood = 4 starsValue = 3.5 starsMisc = 4 starsI'll definitely be back!
3	My sister and I decided to go here because we loved the previous mexican restaurant.  It was good, not fantastic that I am rushing back,but good.  The decor is a bid weird and not what I expected.  The service was very prompt.  We tried the Mango Cilantro Margarita, my sister loved it but I thought it was ok.  We ordered chips and salsa, they brought 2 types of salsa, I was in love with the green and my sister was in love with the red!!!  The scallops were AMAZING!!!  There was some heavenly green sauce they were in that made me want to lick my plate, definitely recommend these!  We also had the pork w/ pumpkin and some red sauce, it was ok.
4	really decent lunch.  i had the slow-cooked pork soft tacos with pineapple and black beans and it was fab.  the guac was fresh and the pineapple was not canned.  the pork had a really nice adobo-smokiness to it and was very tender.  everything on the plate tasted delicious.  i would bet there was lard in the black beans because they were just that good.  nice seasoning, not too overwhelming or spicy.the waitress was a little weird, like she had a hard time making her mouth form a smile, but she was effective and timely so that is probably more important.  she did offer me additional tortillas at no cost (lunch came with three) but i opted to just take home my remaining tortillas and fillings without the tortilla refill.  so, minus one star since the chips and salsa were nothing you'd want to take home in a doggy bag and i wasn't blown away by the flavors in the green or red salsa; both seemed a little on the bland side and overly pureed.  i like salsa with a little texture and chips that aren't swimming in salt.  have to say, i was nervous when it came out because normally you can tell if a restaurant is hit or miss based on the first appetizer.however, overall, really good lunch, nice price, fresh food - i'd go back.  i just wouldn't ask for the chips and salsa.
4	Having been a fan of the Rice Cafe that was here previously, I was excited. A friend's recommendation was on the mark.I enjoyed the vegetarian special of the night. The service was nice. The food did take a bit of time but it was freshly prepared. The menu was filled with delicious sounding dishes and the traditional favorites: mojitos, enchiladas, chips, and salsa.
2	Started with a $10 margarita with little to no tequila in it. My husband, son and I ordered three different dishes, only to be told they were out of all three!  We re-ordered. My husband had the beef, I had the pork and both of us thought they were overpriced and flavorless.  I couldn't find my "grilled  vegetables" as the portion was hidden under the meat and teeny.  It consisted of one small slice (1 inch diameter) of yellow squash, 1 smaller slice of onion and two tinier slices of something else I couldn't identify. 1/8 c.., max. The meat was tough--needed to have been marinated or at least cooked in the sauce in order to pick up the flavor.Very disappointing.
1	The one time we went here, we were served the "specialty drink" from a plastic pitcher that was left out on the counter (not made fresh, not even put in the fridge), our appetizer that was listed without meat (we had a vegetarian with us) had tons of chorizo on it when we got it, the waitstaff was flustered and disorganized, the food was small and overpriced (my dish was pretty decent, but not worth the $), and then to top it off, my friend found a hair in her food, and when she had it sent back to the kitchen, the manager (owner?) of the place came out and tried to accuse her or my wife of planting it ("that hair looked blonde and no one in the kitchen has blonde hair" ??!!!). Will never go back.
2	Food ok, but not for the price, dinner for two with 2 watery sangrias was $60! Service was incredibly slow, although it was busy for a Tuesday nite. The staff were running around, didn't look like they knew what they were doing. They should have this figured out by now.
4	Does Madison deserve a restaurant the caliber of Cilantro? If so, why is this foray by Chicago-based Mexican-maven Rick Bayless in such a generic, nondescript part of the city? Given the ultra-fresh, predominantly vegetarian menu and its contemporary but not trendy vibe, surely this place belongs downtown off the square, not across from a high school in a mini strip mall. Apart from the appetizer, we ordered nothing but specials, so I can't comment on the regular menu fare (though I was here once before and had the enchiladas with mole verde which were excellent). We started with the Seviche de Pescado, a cilantro-infused salsa with whitefish that was so fresh-tasting I was looking for the boat that caught the fish! I ordered the Cochinita special: pulled pork shoulder with pickled onions, black beans, and a lip-burning jabaneros sauce. It came with only two tortillas to build tacos with, which seemed insufficient given the amount of meat on the plate. Pork was a little dry, but very tender and perfectly seasoned. And having had "true" jabaneros in Mexico, I must say this was not your Midwestern, watered-down version of the fire sauce, it was the real thing (IOW, apply sparingly).  Kristine had Salmon En Mole, essentially the aforementioned enchiladas but made with baked salmon . . . very yummy.The only thing keeping Cilantro from five stars was the level of service, primary from the kitchen.  They were clearly running behind, though the dining room didn't seem overly busy.  Appetizer and entrees all arrived a little later than we expected. And we got the wrong bill, though the waitress effectively corrected it while still accurately applying our Groupon. But it could have been worse . . . the two-top seated next to us had not yet received their entrees by the time we left, and they were seated first! Better luck next time (yes, there will be a next time) . . .
1	Let's start at the top. The service was slow and the waitress could barely pronounce the name of the specials.  I know that not everyone needs to know Spanish to work at a restaurant that serves Mexican food, but if you can not pronounce the specials, please search for another place to work.  The food was average maybe even below average, but I am too nice to say it.  I had the 5 plate bocadillo and the veggie enchiladas.  The 5 plate, was small, completely bland and unappetizing.  As for the veggie enchiladas, bland.  They are small portions and plain white rice.  It says that it was cilantro-lime rice, but honestly it was so bland. I left still hungry wondering what I just spent my money on. They are trying too hard to be an upscale restaurant. It took them an hour to serve my room temperature meal.Do not go there. It is awful. I love food and I love Mexican food, but this place is a place I would never recommend.Oh and those photos? Not helpful at all.Sometimes I wish there was a no-star option.
3	I've been here twice, and both times left wishing I could like it more...The first time was for lunch, and I tried the buffet, thinking that this would be a good way to try several dishes and know what to order off the menu next time. I was REALLY disappointed in the selection. There were rice and beans, chilaquiles(which are corn tortillas in a tomatillo sauce), two quesadillas, maybe one more item(which was obviously forgettable) and basic salad and fruit. Meh...Nothing was bad, but nothing stood out. I thought that this was just the curse of the buffet, and decided to go again for brunch.First of all, 11 seems a bit late to start a brunch...but whatever. We ordered Cafe de Olla to drink, but were bummed when our server said that they were having issues and would only have regular coffee. I ordered the Huevos Divorciados that I had seen in an article. The tomatillo sauce was tangy and nice, but the "roasted tomato" sauce just reminded me of tomato soup. One of my eggs was yolky, but one was hard. Not something I'd order again. The boyfriend had Huevos con Chorizo which was basic. The eggs were overcooked, and we've gotten more chorizo-y flavor out of the dish at El Dorado. All in all, I don't think I'd go out of my way to stop here again. I miss Rice Cafe...
2	They call themselves "fine dining".  I'm not sure I agree with that.  The atmosphere is dull at best.  We went during lunch and had to wait for a table to be cleared (but the restaurant was not even half occupied).  The guacamole was the best thing we ate, though under seasoned.  In fact, all of the food was extremely under seasoned.  Because it was "fine dining" there was no salt or pepper on the tables.  It was very much needed.The house margarita tasted similar to pine sol.  All in all, not a good experience.  I do not think I will be going back to this place.
1	We had the chips and salsa to start, but since they make their chips, I like when places serve them warm. It came with two salsas, which were good.I got the chicken enchiladas.They were warm in the middle but the sauce was cold. The sauce was good but the enchiladas themselves were tasteless and the chicken was dry. I found two bones in my first enchilada (of three). Couldn't eat anymore after that. It was ok, but for $18 I expected MUCH more.Also, it was ridiculously bright in the place- they have several kinds of lights and they were all on. It's nicely decorated, but being there after 7 when it was brighter than a sunny day inside was a little awkward.
2	I had high expectations for this place based on reviews. Some reviews stated that the dishes were overly bland and only accentuated by sauces and the wait staff was below average. I put those reviews aside to take a chance and unfortunately (for my wallet) I listened to my own advice. This place is at best defined as a restaurant that wants to be high class but succeeds at being mediocre. The food was not great, in fact, I'd compare it to Taco Bueno or Taco Cabana. The food is VERY overpriced for what it is. And I mean VERY overpriced. I had a carne asada dish that was cooked as if at a backyard BBQ. The steak was only about 0.5" thick and when I asked for it medium rare, was delivered cooked well. The inside had  no pink, was tough and had little flavor. I had to drown it in the sauce it was served in to make it chewable. The worst part, it was $24! I ate with my fiance and 2 friends, none of them liked their dishes. My friend had the same carne asada as me and ordered it medium. It was served well done and was so tough she didn't eat 80% of it. We ordered 2 appetizers which were a joke. I ordered a queso fundido which was supposed to be a chiuahuha cheese w/ chorizo and peppers...it was a small dish with solidified cheese and 2 pieces of meat in it. It was $8. My friends ordered a shrimp plate appetizer, for $8...it had 4 small shrimps and some mushy peppers. The only positive thing I can say about this place is the dessert. It was very good, but small. And again, $9. For $9 you could get half a sheet cake at a store, here, you get a piece of cake slightly larger than a vehicles gas cap and a scoop of ice cream. Now, for anyone who uses or knows what the IMS barter system is, this is for you. This place DOES NOT HONOR IMS DOLLARS!!! We had $150 in IMS dollars and the restaurant neither listed nor mentioned ANY restrictions on them. We had eaten and recieved our bill, given the waitress the IMS dollars and expected everything to be fine. The waitress came back and stated that due to the restaurant having a slow night....only having two parties all day, one of which was an employee and her small party, they would only allow us to pay for HALF of the bill using IMS dollars. This is a flagrant violation of the contract they agreed to and is an insult to the whole system.They are currently being written up for violating the rules and may be kicked out of the system as a result. Overall, this place is not much better than a chain Mexican restaurant, their food is VERY, VERY overpriced and they have a rather limited menu (total of 8-10 dinner options). If you want a much better Mexican dining experience I would highly recommend Laredos or  Taqueria Guadalajara on Park St.  I would NOT recommend it to anyone and would be surprised if they were in business 6 months from now.
1	Way over priced. Fancy Mexican food, there's no such thing in my mind.  $9 for a 12 ounce Margarita is absurd.
3	More a medium end Mexican style place.  The flavors are good.  Appetizers are smaller than you'd think.  We had the ceviche special and the guacamole.  I liked the additional of radishes.  I'll use that when I make it myself.  I ordered the chicken enchilada mole.  It was good.  I'd also recommend the Portillo red wine.  It went well with the spice of the food.  Only drawback is the table are small, for 4.  We were always moving things around so that we could find some space and share.
3	Food was good. Service is odd, like they're trying to be upscale but haven't got that all figured out. I brought the coaster discount from City Tins, and included that with my credit card when paying the bill. When the check was returned, the coaster was gone but the discount was not applied. Another post said that the owner visits tables but he wasn't anywhere around on a weekend afternoon.
2	So we decided to Cilantro a try. Apps and drinks were fine. My dinner and my wife's dinner were luke warm. At least our two other friends had hot food served to them. Took ten minutes to get our meals back. The owner came over to apologize but the waiter never did. When we got our bill which was good bill for 4, $130 I expected to see something knocked off the bill due to having to send the food back. Last time I eat there and besides this review I will let others to go to our favorite Mexican place La Mestiza or Casa Del Sol instead. Hasta la vista Cilantro.
3	3.5 StarsHere's what worked:* Wait staff was super-attentive and friendly, even though the place was PACKED by 6:30 pm* Food. We'd order all these things again: guacamole and chips, salad with beet and jicama (great dressing!), veggie tostados, the daily special: pork tenderloin with mole and mashed potatoes, and flourless chocolate cake.The decor and layout are a little weird, but if you love mole (I do) and are on the West side of Madison, go for it!Last thing: we went with a Groupon, and you know some restaurateurs can be jerks about that (even though THEY are the ones who agreed to do a Groupon). But the staff and owner were GREAT about having us and our Groupon. That's another bonus IMHO: they're happy to see and serve you, no matter how you got there.
2	My wife and I went to Cilantro on a Saturday night in late February and had reservations for 7:30.  We arrived and the restaurant was packed but our table was waiting for us.  The waitstaff was friendly and attentive.   The cilantro mango margaritas were excellent.Unfortunately those were the biggest pros.   The entrance is small and cramped with a very generic and cheesy tiki bar layout.  It was more fit for a run of the mill chain Mexican restaurant, not an "upscale"  Mexican restaurant, which we expected for the price of the food/drinks.  The dinning room was also not up to par.  The high ceilings and overbearing light made you feel like you were on display for the entire restaurant.  The tables were also way too close together, it was tough to back out without hitting another table's chair.  There was a small "private" area near the back that was dimly lit in a way that felt more like a Mexican dinning experience, however there was only one large table in that area.  We ordered the Tortas de Cangrejo (two crab cakes $10) appetizer to get things rolling.  They were okay, 3/5 stars, a bit dry but pretty good flavor and size for the price.  The creamy chipotle sauce was the best part of the dish, which turned out to be the common denominator of the evening.  For our main dishes, I ordered the Carne Asada a la Tampiquena (beef tenderloin seasoned with red chile rub, black beans, guacamole, grilled cactus and two mole enchiladas $24).   I would give this dish a 2/5 stars, if not for the guacamole and mole enchiladas it would get a 0/5 stars.  The "beef tenderloin" tasted, felt and looked more like a flank steak than a tenderloin.  It was overcooked, flat, tough, chewy and for the most part flavorless.  The beans were overcooked (mushy) and also flavorless, they appeared to be taken straight out of a pot of boiling water with no seasoning added.  The guacamole was fresh with just a hint of spice, it came across vibrantly.  The mole on the enchiladas was once again the best part of the dish, it was dark, thick, rich and sweet without being over powering.  The dish was way over priced for a flavorless flank steak.My wife ordered the Chile Relleno Vegetariano (Roasted and peeled poblano pepper filled with sauteed vegetables, hominy corn and topped with a creamy cilantro sauce, served with two cheese enchiladas $15), 2/5 stars, again without the sauce, 1/5 stars.  The vegetables were flavorless and mushy, they seemed to be taken out of the same pot of water as the beans and thrown in the roasted pepper, no seasoning added.  The creamy cilantro sauce was tops though.  It was rich and creamy with a bite provided by the cilantro but it did not dominate the dish.  It was good enough that I had to steal some.  Overall, the food was overpriced, overcooked and under seasoned.  The quality of the meat was below par however the sauces were fantastic.  The atmosphere was unappealing but the waitstaff was friendly and attentive.  Unless they make major changes to their cooking and layout we would not recommend spending the money.
2	Meh describes our Cilantro experience perfectly.  The only thing that could probably lure me back would be the guac but I'd order it with a drink and not dinner.  Service was good, our waiter checked on us frequently and kept our beverages full.  We weren't in any hurry but it did 50 minutes for us to get our food, which our waiter apologized for profusely.  The quality of the food was just okay.  Like the previous posters have said, the meat was just okay quality, sides were hit or miss, and the sauces overall were really good.  And yes, the atmosphere is a odd, it's very open space but yet the tables are cramped.  We were sitting in a little table by the bathrooms so we weren't out in the middle of everything.  From where we were sitting we could watch the wait staff and customers struggle to get around tables.    Overall, I think the restaurant has potential, it just needs (a lot of ) refining to make it what it could be.
5	We've been here twice and it's been great both times. The mole was off-the-chart. Given the hit or miss reviews here, i wonder if they have a consistency problem or if there just isn't much appreciation for upscale mexicana? Anyway, i'll be back and i hope they keep bringing me 5star meals...
3	food is okay. But it's pricy compare to what they have.
1	It is hard to review the food because the place was closed without any notice.  We planned a birthday celebration for Sunday, July 29, 2012, got there around 12:30 and all was dark.  They did not return phone calls for a reservation on Friday or Saturday.Nothing on their web site. What gives?
1	.Went to this place on a Friday night and they weren't open! Dont know how many stars to give...but I drove 20 min from the east side.They are doing groupons and are supposedly part of Badger Barter.  Hmmm I a confused. Yelp says "closed"
2	The food was only decent and overpriced. The main reason I wouldn't go back is the uncomfortable atmosphere - something is just off.
