3	I love pedicures and have been searching for the right place...somewhere where someone isn't so over-enthusiastic and may cut me while clipping my toenails or go overboard with the scrubbing with the pumice.Tiffany's is nice, but service has been hit and miss as of late. It is very relaxing and Tiffany herself is a sweetie as is her husband. I usually get the Tutti Fruiti pedicure and I love it. It comes with a lovely candy-esque smelling sugar scrub. I practically fall asleep in the chair!I am a bit up in the air about Tiffany's waxing - that is hit and miss as well. Sometimes it's so good and others it's a bit "ho hum".The service and people there are wonderful, but the overall quality of service when it comes to the actual pedicure hasn't been consistently good. When my cousin went there the last time a new girl cut my cousin's foot. That freaked my cousin out enough to say, "I refuse to go back."Sorry, Tiffany...we won't be going back for pedicures or waxing. It's a bit of a trek for spotty service, but I will miss gossiping with you about mutual friends.  ;)
5	Happened to find this place by chance driving by. They're kind of hidden behind a BrakeMasters, but once you find it, you won't regret coming here. Walking in, I was welcomed by a soft incense aroma. A man named Sunny was busy on another customer's toes and kindly embraced my mom and I as we walked in. He told us to select our colors from their array of nail polishes adorning both left and right walls. (BIG PLUS, they had OPI-- most salons I've been to in Gilbert and surrounding areas carry the cheapest of cheap crap polish you can buy at any drug store... Tiffany's didn't cheap out on their polish).Before we finished selecting our colors, two young ladies from the back had begun prepping our two foot baths. After taking our thrones they handed us two laminated menus clearly outlining all of their services and prices. Let me just say this is a breath of fresh air because most salons price you on how you look or the type of purse you're carrying. After we selected our two pedicures- can't remember the name (it was cute), decided to get the extra parafin dip and callus removal to really treat ourselves. Let me just preface this review by saying, both of our pedicurists did an excellent job and the experience was extremely relaxing. My mom got the short end of the stick because as the salon got busier her pedicurist ran to help another customer with her acrylic nails. Luckily my mom got Sunny (who she said was even better) and should switch his line of work to foot reflexology since he really knew his way around her feet. As more and more customers piled in the salon,  she kept getting interrupted - but they apologized each time and luckily the TV kept my mom satisfied because they had soft American music set to Asian instruments alongside The Blue Planet -- "Ocean Edition". Now I'm kind of being facetious, but this Netflix show was pretty interesting because it was beautiful looking and had some of the cutest sea animals you'll ever set eyes on.Now, I would recommend skipping the manicures however, because they only dip you hands in a bowl of lukewarm water with colored stones from Wal-Mart... kind of tacky and really did nothing for me. Word of advice, fork over the extra dollars for an acrylic or gel set ... I just can't work with a full set on because of my line of duty does not allow them.Overall, our experience was excellent and we will be treating ourselves to Tiffany's more often!
5	Great local place open from Monday to Saturday from 9-6 and Sunday from 11-5! They are very friendly and always greet you with a smile! I highly suggest them for manicures, pedicures and gel nails. They pay attention to detail, care about the customers and the business is very clean! The owner Tiffany is very nice and they all speak great English! Thanks Hayley
1	I came here today only because my regular nail salon was super busy. I got a pedicure and an eyebrow wax. Both terrible. The girl ruined my eyebrow shape. And I could have done the pedicure myself. Nail was not cut or shaped whatsoever. Save your money. There's at least 3 other nail salon around this place.
1	Went in yesterday because I was in a pinch leaving on vacation.   BAD CHOICE! !  My gel manicure looks terrible.   My nails were not shaped (I just had to try and fix them in the car!).  They still look like crap!  My pedi was nice.  But when I got home,  my toenails are bubbled and soft.  Something I cannot fix.  It's totally embarrassing.   I was going to call and complain but they were closed by the time I really had a chance to look at them.   I'll just chalk it up to a bad experience and never go back there.  Nice people but the job sucked.My first yelp review ever.   That's how upset I am.  And I tipped real nice.
