5	Renee is seriously the best airbrush spray tan artist ever! I have never had so many compliments on a spray tan than when she does it! It is so natural looking and you NEVER look orange like an Oompa Loompa! Her product is also all natural so you aren't putting anything toxic onto your body! She also comes to your house which is super convenient and her prices are unbeatable for the quality of work she is doing! Please try Renee out because I know you will love your spray tan as much as I love mine!
5	I went  to Renee for a spray tan and was pleasantly surprised how comfortable she made me feel..she answered all of my questions and I got a fabulous Spray tan that lasted about 10 days. I liked the solution she used...I looked great!
5	One word... AMAZING!! I got a deal for 4 sessions and have used 2 so far. One for an all day concert and one for a birthday weekend in sd. Both were flawless tans! This girl is awesome! She even comes to your house to do them! 5 stars for sure!!Maria genovese
5	I love Renee!! I get one religiously once a week!!! I have a crazy work schedule and she is always super flexible. It's so nice to be able to roll out of bed and get a spray tan. She has a pop up tent that doesn't require a lot of space and never leaves a mess. Her prices are amazing too! I've been all over Vegas for spray tans and she is the best and most reasonable.
5	One word, amazing! Renee is very flexible and will work with your schedule, she is quick to respond and her prices are reasonable. She is very knowledgable about the products she uses and my spray tan turned out great!
5	Renee is absolutely the best airbrush artist! I have been getting spray tans on and off for years and I have never experienced color as natural looking as Renee's product. They are so natural, that I've been getting them every 10 days. They also last 7-10 days. I love that she comes to you and makes the experience so comfortable. I also own a dance studio and she sprays my competitive team for competitions. They look flawless on stage! If you are looking for an affordable, flawless tan, Renee is your girl!
5	This review is long overdue. I highly recommend Renee for airbrush tanning. I am a bit of a connoisseur since I've tried a lot of different airbrush places over the years and I'm pretty picky. I have to be tanned for modeling jobs at times. The camera can be extremely unforgiving so the tan has to come out perfect or it can create a nightmare in photoshop later on. Renee does an amazing job so now she's my go-to girl whenever I need to get my tan on. Whenever Renee airbrushes me, her tans lasts longer than tans from other places. It's great that she comes to you because on hot summer days, it's pointless to drive somewhere and sweat all your tan off by the time you get to your car. Her prices are reasonable, she is on time, professional and she makes you feel comfortable. Give Renee a call or send her a text, you won't regret your decision to go with her.
