3	You know how Buddy the Elf has a list of "food groups" that include every variety of sugar imaginable?  Well - I'm kind of like that - but with cheese. Mac and Cheese. Grilled Cheese. And of course, Cheese Curds. Mmmmm.  I have been eagerly waiting to eat at the Curd Girl cart since I read an article about it last year.  We finally made it to the Farmer's Market last weekend and I got my chance!! I stalked the cart until I spotted someone outside to let me know when they'd be opening - and when they did, I was the first in line!!I ordered the curds with the garlic aioli.  I was very impressed with my first bite.  The cheese was hot and very good. The garlic aioli was perfection. But then I had to wait about five minutes to eat the next one while I dealt with some awesome behavior by my 3 year old. And when I did make it back to my beloved curds - it was just grease, grease, and more grease.  I realize curds are best eaten fresh, but it didn't seem right that after just a few minutes I could barely taste the cheese through the grease.  I'm not a frying expert (or even an amateur - let's face it, I know nothing about frying) but I've heard that if the oil is not hot enough things like this happen. I'm betting - hoping - that maybe my anxiousness to be the FIRST person in line actually hurt my curd eating experience, and had I just been a bit more patient, my curds would have been all that I had dreamed about.  I have high hopes for Curd Girl - it's a genius idea and they have the cutest food cart ever! I'm already planning trip #2 so that I can bump this star rating up a notch or two!
5	The menu is short and sweet: cheese curds and lemonade.  The lemonade was $3 and the cheese curds were $6.  Yes, it is more expensive than a side of Culvers cheese curds.  However, the quality is far better.The cheese curds come with one dipping sauce.  I ordered the curds with siracha aioli, and I paid an extra dollar to get the the strawberry rhubarb sauce.  Both were delicious!  I would put these in my top three curds in Wisconsin.The cart itself also has a cute, retro, Wisconsinesque design that makes you smile.The service was friendly and reasonably speedy for fresh fried.  Cash only.
3	I stood in a long, hot line at Curdfest to try the Curd Girl curds for a second time. I had high hopes after my initial so-so experience, however, I was again let down.  The curds were hot and gooey, but the taste was just bland.  The strawberry rhubarb sauce was good, but the two favors didn't complement each other as much as I'd hoped. The girls that run it are so sweet, and I really wish I liked the curds more. But, I've been underwhelmed twice now.  I'm sticking with my three star rating.
5	I was looking for the best cheese curds in Madison and this food cart popped up. Unfortunately it was late and food carts weren't out. I forgot about this place until I spotted the stand at Taste of Madison. I stopped by and made all my friends try it with me. They're definitely the best curds I've ever had. It's a very different breading than any other I've tried. Which is definitely a good thing. It tastes really familiar, but I can't place it. The curds are definitely as gooey as every one says they are. All of my friends loved them. We ended up eating all of them before even cooled enough and I ended up burning my mouth a bit.I tried the home made ranch and sriracha aioli. I tend to be a sriarcha aioli snob, so I was ready for disappointment. Much to my surprise, they make it the same way I do. Big brownie points there. The ranch was also fantastic.I don't know what the pricing normally is, but at Taste it was a little over priced for the amount. I plan to find the food cart some other time to try it again and see.
3	This is a difficult review to write, but...First things first:+ I LIKE Curd Girl. The employees are always fun and friendly. I like the logo. I LOVE the idea. And Curd Girl's home base is literally 100 yards from my house. + I appreciate how delicate of an art it is to create a stellar curd. I've tried, on many occasions, and have failed miserably. Factor in crowds that count well beyond the hundreds at any given festival, and my appreciation soars through the roof.But...- I've had the Curd Girl curds on three separate occasions: Waterfront fest (or was it Fette de Marquette?? Can't recall), Taste of Madison, and Willy St Fair. Each time has been a supreme disappointment. The curds have either been super blown out (over cooked) and terribly greasy, or, the cheese has tasted off (as Matt W noted in his Taste summary). It's a shame.It appears they've become a victim of their own success. At the Willy Fair, they were one of the only places with a substantial line, and the folks working there were frantically battering, frying, and serving curds by the bucketful. I watched as batch after batch came out over cooked and greasy, yet I gave it another try, only to have the same result: greasy and over cooked curds. :-( + The sauces are decent, but I stand by the principle that a good sauce cannot cover for a bad curd.Don't get me wrong - these are better than many other places... I'd gladly take a Curd Girl curd over those abominations from The Old Fashioned. But, are they as good as the ones from Graze, Merchant, or The Sport Bowl? Unfortunately, no.Here's to hoping they can find a balance between speed, demand, and quality. (I even love their t-shirts!!!)
5	I tried their amazing fried cheese curds at the Willy St Fair. I did not experience the problems that some other reviewers had with the curds being too greasy. The batter was very light, almost like a tempura batter, and the inside was nicely melted. Both the ranch and sriracha dip worked well with the hot curds. I would definitely come back for more.
5	The first time I tried Curd Girl was at Taste of Madison 2014 and BOYYY WAS I MISSING OUT! These are the best curds I've had since moving to Madison. I found out that they are regularly posted at the farmer's market after stalking--ahem, finding their Facebook page. I never really paid attention to the food trucks whenever I browsed around. The curds themselves are made fresh and I like the light and airy batter, a perfect complement to the tasty cheese. The cart employees are friendly gals and always remember my corgi puppy on the weekends when we stop by. Thumbs up!
