5	Hi. My name is Yvett and I'm a Sanrio-holic. Hello Kitty is my weakness. It all started back when I was about four years old. A family friend gave me a Hello Kitty piggy bank for my birthday and the whole obsession started there. I love, love, love all things Hello Kitty. As a result, I've sort of forced this upon my daughter as well. If I could've had this Hello Kitty wedding, I would have. . . http://www.planethellokitty.com/hello-kitty-weddingI could seriously spend a fortune at the Sanrio store if I had one to spend. Given the choice between a meal and something from Sanrio, Hello Kitty always wins. Always. I'd like to divulge further into this obsession of mine, but like all good addicts, I want to keep it as private as I can.
5	Hello Kitty coffee pot. Brewtastic.Hello Kitty soap dispenser. Beats licking my paws. Hello Kitty notebook with matching pens. Dear Diary...Hello Kitty laundry hamper. Yes. Once I put my cat in the dryer. Once. Hello Kitty key chain. Key to my heart. Hello Kitty Swaroski crystal pendant from Rickie. Priceless. Hello Kitty Pajamas. I'm not saying.I HEART Hello Kitty. I HEART Sanrio. They're both. Well, they're both. Just.Puurrrrrrrfect!
5	Hello Kitty blanket. Cuddle up Nancy!Hello Kitty See No Evil. Hear No Evil. Speak No Evil figurines. WTF?Hello Kitty music box. Gayest thing EVER!Sanrio. Sanrio. Send Kitty right over. You make a me happy! Again!
4	Based on L'aura L's ROTD review, I hustled on down to AZ Mills (sans gat) with my daughter.  She had been talking about scoring some H.K. merchandise for her upcoming birthday, so the review was very timely for us.The staff was gracious, bringing us a shopping basket, taking our big items & our Tilly's bag and (conveniently for us) storing them behind the cash register, so we could continue shopping uninhibited.I kept making a move toward the checkout counter, which would cause one of the staff to shift over to the register, and then I would turn away towards another corner of the store.  I do enjoy the occasional game of salesperson cat & mouse.When it came time to pay, I opted for one $1 ticket to 'the game', where my daughter walked away with the grand prize.  She loves her purchases, and we're hatching a H.K. egg in a cup of water.
4	You'll always find a good deal if you are a Sanrio-addict. What ever you see as new arrival may be on sale 2 or 4 months later. The only bad thing is some times they have too many new boxes unpacked that let you wondering what is inside and don't let you observe the rest of the things available. A rewards points or favorite costumer card should be available :D
3	i loveeeeeeeeeeeeee sanrio. specifically badtz-maru!! but there was no badtz-maru to be found at this sanrio store T_____Tthe selection at this store was alright-- lots of hello kitty things. they didn't have much variety with any of the other characters, though. the girls behind the counter were very friendly and accommodating.i think i was just really disappointed that i couldn't find anything that had badtz-maru on it.hopefully they'll bring in more variety next time! hello kittly will do for now ^___^
4	A good selection and a great staff! Pickles the Frog is my favourite character :)
3	I told the cutest little girl in the world I would buy her a Hello Kitty backpack for her 5th birthday.  I thought this place would for sure have the best selection.They have a ton of sweet girlie things here and since I was already buying a backpack I thought I'd get all the adorable matching stationary.  I asked the sales guy if he could reach one of the backpacks for me since I'm a midget.  I couldn't find the price anywhere and asked him how much it was, the sales guy said "you're gonna be shocked, these aren't cheap, sixty-five dollars."  I just kinda stood there with sticker shock and he finished saying "That's nothing, see that one over there? Eighty-five!"  I gave out a nervous laugh and quietly put back the other items I was going to buy.  The sales guy was a total sweetheart about it and said "it's like these backpacks are made from magical unicorns."  We had a good laugh, my stars are for him.  This is a really unique place to shop if you don't mind spending a lot of dough on overpriced crap.  I went a couple doors down to Burlington and paid $12.99 for a Hello Kitty backpack and had plenty of money left over to fill it with more presents and my "coolest aunt" status is still intact.
4	Small little Sanrio store, but with very friendly and helpful staff.  I love Badtz-Maru and I was shown the complete new collection from the Sanrio catalog to see what would be coming in the weeks to come.  I also bought a collectible Hello Kitty item here for a friend that is a Hello Kitty fan, which she loved!
4	Nothing bad I can say about this store, except I wish it was bigger lol! The girls love coming here for their prizes for doing great in school or just cuz mama feels like spoiling them. The prices aren't bad compared to the toys r us express around the way, and my girls love how girly everything is! Sales people are great with the kids and they're ok with my girls looking and giggling with glee.Love the stamp program but not sure if they honor it here when I asked them I don't think they understood my question so I just let it go, ;)
4	Store isn't doing so well so a lot of stuff is on sale. A very BIG selection of Hello Kitty and her friends in such a small space. They even have the different collaborations with Sanrio (a somewhat rare find). Nice little gem in an otherwise crappy mall.
5	When I was a little girl living out east, going to this store was a treat. I was glad to know that moving out here, I would be close to a Sanrio store. I recently splurged and bought a Tokidoki bag as a gift for myself. They have a great selection of bags and gifts. I try to go every paycheck as they get something new every week.
4	Dedicated to Nadine C., Ann R., and Brett B.!Ah, remember the days when they had a Hello Kitty mascot standing around for photo ops and such?  I have a secret --- it could have been our  lovely Ann R.!  She was indeed Hello Kitty and you might have taken a picture with her!  Anywho, Sanrio is every child's playground.  From purses, luggage, home goods, office supplies and more, you can never walk out of this place without something!  This Sanrio is the one I went to when I decided in 8th grade that I was too old to carry my jelly Old Navy backpack and needed a cool, "sophisticated," grown-up Badtz Maru purse.  I still have it today for sentimental reasons but I think it's currently holding junk like old movie ticket stubs.  Movies were only $6 back when I was a youngin...  *wags a fist at Brett B. for no apparent reason*Anyways, I love coming here during Christmas when there are plushie ornaments to be bought [Year Three of our tradition Ann --- I still need to choose the one I want!] and I'm sure Nadine C. would agree seeing as how she has a Hello Kitty tree up.  I also like to look at all the stickers I'll purchase and never use.  I think I have hoarding issues.  So yeah!  Come here and spend your paycheck!  Who doesn't love Sanrio?
