4	Nice new coffee shop that opened on Wellington street in the Verdun Ghetto, and it's good! They already have some points that differenciated them from the other coffee shops on that street:- I'm a sucker for grilled cheese, and theirs is pretty good! They also do some 'grilled cheese du jour', so you can discover new variations of this perfect breakfast comfort food;- Good coffee, but can't wait to have the 'Super-Big-Size-of-Doom' cup!- Nice ambiance, the music is high enough so you can hear it, but not too loud to break your concentration while working or talking with friends;- the service was polite and fast, and they have a wide range of opening hours on every day, which is good when you need a quiet spot to do your work/study!Seriously, that coffee shop will soon be in my favorite spots to work/study from, and it's near my house. I hope they will stay in business for a long time!
5	A lovely new coffee shop in the neighborhood. Nice, minimal decor with slight vintage vibe. Good coffee. My boyfriend tried the kimchi and aged cheddar grilled cheese. SUPER DELISH!
4	I love this place already ! Very cute set-up and cool coffee machine - and my latte was great ! They have fun grilled-cheese for you to try, and I secretly hope they come up with new variations soon. Good spot to hang out and study !
5	Since they opened a couple of months ago, they have updated their menu to offer:- veggie chilli- chocolate mousse- a morning sandwich (with egg, pancetta, green sprouts and cheese on bagel or english muffin)- soupMy favorite coffee shop in town!!!
5	This business is the reason why Verdun is rapidly evolving to a younger, stylish, good-looking neighbourhood. It's new, fresh, has great coffee and the interior decor is simple, but very elegant. I live right near by, and I will come back for more. I had a cappuccino, very tasty, great aroma and just bite enough. They give you a complementary bottle if water, which is amazing, since I was just off the bike path. The service is quick and always polite. Can't wait for my next visit to try something different!
5	Verdun has a series of cafes now popping up along Wellington and each seems to have it's own vibe and ethos. Some are more French, others are more artsy and yet others are more international in flavor.This place offers one of the best cups of coffee and cafe drinks in Montreal.  Food is excellent as well particularly their unique takes on grilled cheese sandwiches and their chocolate mousse!  Their cappuccinos in particular and hot chocolates hit the right balance, not too sweet and not to bitter. Clean, spacious, with lots of light flooding in, vintage decor and super-friendly service, this is a wonderful spot to come in with your laptop to either work or study, read a book or chat with a friend over a cuppa.
3	I was in the neighborhood and was looking for a coffee place with food. Nice place with trendy  decor for the area. I feel more relaxed here compared to those big coffee chains. Service is more personalized, they bring you your order at your table after you ordered.  Good grilled cheese. I had the brie and mushrooms, delicious but wish they had normal bread instead of sour dough. Wish they had more food choices as well.  Also had a capuccino which was ok, not the best i had but better than the chains. I think it has good potential and would come back.
5	Best specialty coffee in Verdun If you re in the area don t bother with coffee  at Cafe St-Henri on Wellington. Station W uses real barista machines unlike their neighbours...
4	Friend of mine got the Indy Coffee passport and since coffee shops are not my strength I tend to join her sporadically in her visits. We ended up in Station W on an early Sunday afternoon and wow, this place felt like a library. Tables close to each other, fully occupied by people staring at their laptops, complete silence, only quiet chill music in the background. Apparently the coffee store is very popular among the students. One of the nice people behind the counter noticed our hesitation and warmly invited us to stay. We had great coffee, my cappuccino was really nice, I wish they had different sizes, but I could always order a second one if in need of more caffeine. I had some delicious baked goodness with whole dates and zucchini. My friend went for the grilled cheese and she loved it. There are also salad and soup options. I also like that a bottle of water is offered for your table. We broke the silence with our chit chat and had some nice time. Overall wonderful spot for good coffee and quick lunch.
5	a "third-wave" spot that earns this designation not only by looks and ambiance, but the excellent coffee served as well. lever machines and baristas who pull consistently good shots every time i'm there. also a great place to buy whole beans. a great place to read/study as well, with wholesome snacks/food when you get hungry!
5	5 stars; Perfect coffee; Worthy of infinite coffee praise; Hallowed Ground of the 8th Dimension of Coffee Royalty. However: I keep ordering the classic cheese sandwich for $3.50. It is acceptable. My friends at Station W: Please make it perfect and delicious by adding a higher quality cheese. Perhaps a cheddar? Anything that isn't of the grade you are currently using. I am glad you use Premiere Moisson bread (I spotted the packaging); Now, again I say, match your sandwiches only with cheeses that are worthy of your name; If you make the perfect grilled cheese, you will be the Heaven, the Divine Hall of Montreal.Also, it pains me to say this because the coffee is so good, but the desserts are absolutely average. They are somewhat satisfying but, still, average.There are very few vegetarian options as solid snacks. The salads and side-dishes will put food in your belly, from my limited and nearly-infringed vegetarian experience, but are, shall we say, lacking in seasoning and spice. I nearly yawn. More vegetarian options (seasoned) of this nature, please? The bacon bits nearly killed us.Otherwise: Come here for the perfect coffee; Pretend everything else is satisfactory because the staff is amazingly kind and deserves praise.
4	Ive been coming here since it opened. Great coffee and atomsphere and Service! It's def one of my favs and its close to my hood.I proud of Verdun and its infinite  selection of great bakeries and restos!
