1	It is my suggestion that you avoid Addison Landscape. We worked with them and were very dissatisfied. The contract was signed, and then into the project, Joe Fraser begged us to pay more because he underestimated the contract and he was going to get in big trouble with his boss. So, we ended up paying double. The workmanship was poor. His guys didn't like to work very hard. The job took them twice as long, as a result. They have a one year warranty, but it's difficult to get them back out to your place. At first, it was a week, then two weeks.  Many no-show, no-calls. Always one excuse after another.   Vines were and still are dead, trellises were falling down , which they finally fixed after hounding him for a month. Then another trellise fell and they had to fix that. They sealed some treated wood, but didn't do all of them. They didn't follow our plan, which had dimensions and the whole bit. Joe Fraser thought the planter beds should be square instead. We made him redo them, because we wanted them according to the plan. Plus, the was Joe Fraser did them, there was no space to walk in front of it. My last contact was over two months ago. Still no call, no contact whatsoever.  The remaining fixes will end up being out of our pocket to find someone else to fix Joe Fraser's mistakes. Never again!  I hope you don't use him. It will just be a disappointment, and a costly mistake too!
3	I previously reviewed Addison Landscape poorly. I received a phone call from the owner.  He was not aware of the problems I was having with our project. He wants to fix everything to my satisfaction. He looked at our yard this afternoon and will be back next week to start on the repairs.  So happy!  I will keep you posted!
5	Yes, I have wrote negative reviews for this company previously.  Everything has been worked out to my satisfaction.  It took a bit do to a misunderstanding but all is resolved and I am a happy customer.Will be hiring them again to do additional work in the Spring.Joe has really stepped up with everything I have asked and his response time is immediate.Thank you again Joe...I know I am tough and picky but you have handled it like a man!
1	I came across these guys while they were working on another site. The job looked decent & I wanted some very basic work done. Remove existing rock, replace existing rock with new, break down a small walkway and replace with a small area for grass. They team poured the old rock into the area for the new grass and covered it up with a layer of dirt and sod. I know this, because over the last 2 years I have been replacing the sod and removing the rock. I ultimately have had to replace several plants and sod over the last 2 years on my own. Lots of enthusiasm and promises up front. Nonexistent follow-up to fix issues after the fact - even though promised before and during the job. Very dissapointing. Would not recommend.
5	I have received nothing but exceptional work and service from Addison Landscape. I dealt directly with Addison the owner and he thoroughly answered all of our questions and ensured our project was complete on time. From start to finish Addison was professional, courteous and exceeded our expectations. I will recommend this company to friends and will hire them again for future work.
5	We had a great experience with Addison Landscapes. They transformed our backyard into a beautiful tranquil space. Joe Fraser and all of the workers were very professional. I would highly recommend them.
1	We had an 11:00 appointment with these guys and at 10:55 they call to say they can't come until 2:00. We even stressed that today was the only day we're available when we made the appointment. If we're starting out with service this poor, we'll pass.
1	Contacted Joe Fraser after meeting him at a home and garden show he came out to give a bid which at this time we are to blame for not demanding a breakdown on everything that needed to be done. They started the work (on time) and I was told several times that they wanted a deposit and then a second payment and then the final when all was done well that should have been a red flag we paid the deposit I finally had to call and this is the best part the owner of Addision well good luck they are so chicken shit that they will not even return the call....great business ethics there.So when they finally came out to start the work they wanted more money and hadn't even pulled a weed but Joe kept telling us that they would not take final payment until the work was complete well here it is two days after they left I have several dead plants (no water running to the plants) guess that is why they are dead water lines tied off so no water running thru them. And yet again another false promise from Joe Fraser himself to replace the plants and make sure all is correct When Joe called for final payment suddenly the amount due was $700.00 more than agreed upon so this is what I was left with.  We paid the final yes i know my mistake and now I am left with buying new plants and irrigation heads and trying to get the water to even work for now.My advise STAY AWAY and if you decide to use them take my advise to this if they hand you a flier offering $250.00 off or Free Lighting Package do not be a fool because that will not happen it is all a scam....
1	Not sure where to even begin with these guys, if your looking for cheap then this is your bunch, that is until they start with the excuses as to why they need more money to do the same job they bid. These guys over promised and under delivered from the start and they are very adapt at one person talking with you and agreeing to what should and will be done and the other shows up with a completely different agenda. There is another reviewer that took photos of the trash they left inches under his landscape, I wished I had taken photos of the trash pile I uncovered form one of my planter beds these guys installed. Yes I literally had their lunch trash from McDonald's, Roberto's and another unknown company buried in my planters. Good Luck getting a call back from these guys when we question anything they do, they won't even talk with you when you track them down at one of the local home shows. It has been just over a year since they worked on my yard and I have already had portions of it repaired by another landscape company. Don't fall for their low bid deception, spend the extra money up front and you won't be throwing money at your project to keep it up in the future.
5	I 110% recommend Addison Landscaping. The hubs & I bought a run down foreclosure in dire need of landscaping. The front yard grass was dead & the back was a huge dirt lot... We got several different quotes to fix up the small front yard & turn the dirt lot backyard into a desert oasis. Addison listened to our needs & budget and had the best quote by far. He is a really great guy, not a wheeler & dealer like many of these guys are, you know, trying to get the most money outta you that they can for doing the least stuff. He threw in pavers in our front yard & lights for no extra cost. Whenever we had any questions he always answered them right away. He took us on a tour of Star Nursery to see what our options were & what we liked. This guy is super knowledgable. It's not like other companies that have a separate sales guy, design guy, CEO/owner etc. This guy Addison is the owner, sales guy & boss. It cuts costs way down & reduces communication disconnects. The guys that came out to do the work were good workers & pleasant. They did the work super fast too. Check out my pics to see for yourself how great a job they did! BTW you know how some companies offer discounts or a gift card or something for a good review? I want y'all to know that I got nothing for writing this. It is 100% unbiased. Addison is one of the good guys.
