5	This is a simply fantastic Aveda salon. I've had Joel cut my hair for over ten years now in this location and the first one, on Indian School Rd. There's a great laid back vibe here and a comfortable setting. Joel in particular offers great input on styles and is terrific at executing a new concept or maintaining an existing one. Always a friendly and courteous staff behind the counter as well.
5	Well this is my boyfriends yelp account. I don't have one, I'm pretty sure this is the salon I went to, and I believe they have 2 locations.. Anyways I just got my hair done bout 2 weeks ago by "Gigi" she is like an artist and I was her canvas.. she totally saved my disaster hair color job another stylist had done!! You can tell she really knows what she's doing and loves what she does. Loved this place, its so modern yet unique and has some really talented pesonable hair stylists so I HIGHLY RECOMEND this place. Gigi was great! but everyone seams just as great so no matter who you get your going to love the end result :D Thanks so much Gigi!!!- Sarah
5	I have gone to Chris Sandoval, the owner and master stylist, for more years than I care to remember (at least 10). He is fantastic, will give you exactly what you want and more - you walk out of there much better looking than you arrived. He does it all, color, cuts - and he won the Aveda Stylist of the year award which is a really big honor. Not that it matters to me, but he has also styled several famous peeps when they come in town on tour, photo shoots, etc. He will make you feel like an old friend from the first time you sit in his chair. He does fantastic buttery blond , and perfect shades of brunette (I have been both). I have sent many friends and family members to him and people have literally stopped me on the street and asked where I get my hair done. Yup, I heart Chris and the whole team. They also have complimentary sangria, which puts you in the pampering kind of mood from the first sip. Two locations to serve Arcadians and Scotts alike. You must try him, you won't regret it.
5	I have been going to Alisa since 2005.  She does the best blow out in town.  I used to have curly hair before my keratin treatment.  She also does my hair color and cuts.  Alisa will make sure you are happy with your hair.  I always get compliments about my hair. Love this place!
5	Salon Sandoval was my saving grace. Years of boxed color and cheap haircuts left my mane with much to be desired. I met Gigi through a mutual friend and she totally nursed my hair back to health! I won't trust it with anyone else now! Plus she is just a really fun person that is so easy to talk to. Both salons are great. They serve fabulous sangria and the best part is they don't have the harsh lighting that makes you feel gross looking.Try them out and request Gigi....not that they all don't rock.
5	I first went to Salon Sandoval several years ago and then I strayed, I tried other place, including other Aveda Salon's, but my hair was a mess.  I just wore it in a pony tail day in and day out hoping some miracle would happen and then I remembered back to when I loved my hair and loved getting it done.  I immediately booked my appointment, I haven't regretted it one bit.  My hair is healthy and fun and once again I love it.  I see Kelly and I recommend her, I also drive my happy booty to the Phoenix location!
2	I recently moved to Scottsdale & needed to find a new hairdresser. I've been going to Aveda salons since college and have always liked how they cut my hair so I expected to get a similar haircut from Salon Sandoval. Unfortunately my cut just wasn't what I asked for or what I've come to expect from Aveda salons. I explained what I wanted (long layers) and ended up with no layers. My hair just fell so badly until I got it re-cut. Seeing as how I already had the layers I wanted in my hair, just an outgrown length, I really thought that they could have done my cut easily.I've also come to expect the aromatherapy scalp massage at the beginning of a cut from Aveda salons and didn't get one. I didn't really like the interior of the salon either, it was a little too small and cramped. Granted neither of my last two complaints would have mattered if the cut had been good.
5	This was my first time & I had Katie.  She did a really cute cut.  I love this salon, & I used a groupon so it was only like twenty something bucks! :) definitely recommend.  I also went to the Indian School location. Beautiful salon!
4	Salon Sandoval has a great atmosphere, positive energy, and talented staff! I would HIGHLY recommend this salon to anyone!
