3	God bless Rolberto's for being a hop, skip and a stumble from home.  Thanks goes for being open 24 hours - especially on late nights when I need some greasy carby goodness to soak up the alcohol and prevent the hangover from hell.  Everyone - you can categorize this with all the other Erto's (Filiberto's, Raliberto's, etc.) I must admit I have never had Rolberto's sober or during the day, so I can't vouch for food quality.  But I'm sure it's shitty.  As a matter of fact ,Sunday morning I had to deep clean my kitchen because I was about to hurl from the residual stench of the food.  But that is neither here nor there.  Major points go to Rolberto's simply for providing another alternative to barfy fast food and the Gay Denny's.  The chicken torta and carne asada burritos are good (read - digestable).  But don't blame me if you get sick!!
1	Ordered a Bean and Cheese Burrito the other night in the drive-thru, didn't know I mistakingly ordered the Lard and Cheese Burrito. Three of the worst dollars I've ever spent.As far as drive-thru Mexican places I've given a try in my day (and I've given a few too many a try), this might be the worst.I've yet to find a really good dirty taco shop around downtown, but the Filberto's by Glam is a lot better.
5	I'm a South Texan by upbringing so I'm picky about my Tex Mex.  I'm so picky Cal Mex seems like a cheap imitation to me.  But this place passes muster, and then some. Their Chili Relleno burrito is one of the best I've ever had, and their potato and egg burrito was also delicious. Their tortillas still aren't as good as Taco Cabana's - but then again, no one's are, so I don't knock them for this.  This place is the real deal.  Anyone telling you otherwise is probably a tourist.  Real Tex Mex places should be dive-like, and staffed by real Mexican-Americans. Trust nothing less.
3	Where can you get a cheese enchilada at 10:30pm in Phoenix that won't make you sick? Rolberto's! My teenage son lives on these.Walk up or drive thru. The staff is friendly - even when I paid in change! and the place is clean enough. (I checked the inspections when it seemed this was becoming a routine.) If the drive thru is taking a bit longer than it should, it's because the vehicle in front of you is paying for the #3 in nickels, dimes and quarters (bus fare).
4	Craving an egg and potato breakfast burrito. Had less than $4 cash in the car, didn't know if Rolberto's sold these so I stepped up to the counter and asked. Yes, and for less than $2.50. No reason to go home for more $$.Waiting outside in the heat seems to take longer than sitting in the car, but it arrived soon enough. I sat outside on the picnic tables watching some teen boys playing some dragon card game and trading collector cards. Tried to figure out what the creatures were - aliens? monsters? dragons? but never could.Burrito was fabulous. Been waiting four years for this. Maybe my taste buds have faded? This was very satisfying. For a few moments though, I did think about Norman Fiero, a fabulous Phoenix chef who had a few Mexican restaurants (last one near LGO or pre-LGO). Norman made great breakfast burritos. I digress. . . Bumping Rolberto's up a star.
2	If you're gonna be one of the ERTOS, at least be consistent.Whether its a Robertos, Roybertos or Bertoberto- one thing I like is that they all kinda taste the same and I can go to any and expect the same thing. I didn't get that at Rolbertos.I ordered the carne asada burrito and super nachos. The burrito tortilla was dry and had a flour-y residue on it. While it was a good sized burrito, the what seemed like day old guacamole just ruined it for me.On to the super nachos. When I opened the box, the yellow melted cheese atop the mound of meat was just begging to be devoured. I couldn't make it wait so I dove it. Bad idea. Where are all the chips?!?!It was buried underneath all the toppings and I couldn't grab anything. So I said... FORK IT! The chips were soggy and no crunch to any of them at all. For the first time, there were more meat and toppings on this than chips. Now we all know that despite which 24 hr taco shop you go to, the proof is in the hot sauce. And... a hit.. and it was just okay. I've had better and it could be spicier. This does not live up the ERTO legacy at all. My $11 could have been better spent at Taco Bell tonight.
4	I would give this place 5 stars but I think 1 time they got my order wrong & gave me beef instead of chicken. Maybe I just wasn't clear enough?That saying, I live on 35th Ave & will drive all the way to 7th just to eat here. Why? Because I TRUST it!! I've been here countless times, all sober except 1 time. The ex who got me addicted to this place had been here countless times before me. I've NEVER gotten sick & he hadn't either.I usually get a chicken chimichanga combo (beans & rice) with sour cream & guacamole on the side. The chimi is always fantastic. Perfectly crispy & huge with cheese on top. They don't put anything BUT chicken in. If you get beef you get onions & green bell peppers mixed in. With a drink this costs about $8.50.The sour cream & guacamole has never been bad & always tastes just fine.There was 1 time that the beans were way too salty but they're usually perfect w/ melted cheese on top.I love the free pico de gallo. YUMM!!I've also gotten the fish taco's a couple times. They're perfect except the sauce is strait mayo. If I don't think about that then I enjoy the foodgasm in my mouth just fine.I've gotten a breakfast burrito once but can't remember exactly what I got. I do know I asked them to add an ingredient & they did with no prob. I remember that tasting way better than I thought it was going to.For a drink I always ask for a large horchata, no ice. It's perfect. Not gritty or fake over the top sweet. I like mine with a strong cinnamon flavor & this place has that.Oh, & by the way... the guys working here have always been nice. Yes, I've waited a tad longer than I'd have liked to (maybe 2-3 times) but the guys having good senses of humor makes up for that.
3	I think it was an off day for them last time I was here.They almost never get my order wrong. But for some reason I was given beef taco's instead of fish. Damn language barrier! :(My friend ordered a shrimp burrito. I tasted it. It was good. I was a little skeptical about how it was going to taste at first. If it wasn't so salty I'd consider ordering it myself.My chicken chimi was just huge! Like always :) But it always surprises me how humongous they are here.Their horchata wasn't as good this time either. Maybe it was a fresh batch & needed some more time to set up. Not sure. But it needed more cinnamon.
5	Rolberto's, I can't tell you how much I love you and how, when all others have abandoned me, you are always there for me right after the bars close but before I pass out. And even when I want to take you to bed with me, you've always been agreeable. Sometimes the only way I know for sure that I had a great night is when I wake up on the couch with a pounding headache and one of your  half-eaten Carne Asada burrittos on my chest.I love your nachos, your taquitos, I'm sure if I was into lengua I'd love that too. The only time you've ever let me down is the chorizo and egg buritto. Even though it was lacking in taste, I love everything else so much and you've been there for me on so many inebriated nights that, tasteless chorizo aside, I still l love you and know you'll ALWAYS be there for me.
5	Carna Asada burrito with cheese, gacumula,  sour cream, and pico will make your tummy shut up for a good price.. It's just to bad that the meal doesn't include a drink.  That's just the down side. Everything is all separate price and they'll charge you for everything, if you under stand what I'm saying
3	While I do appreciate the fact that they stay open pretty late, the food here wouldn't be something I'd develop any strong craving for.  Good-size portions, inexpensive, flavors fair to middling.
3	Can be hit or miss. The tacos are usually pretty good and fresh, as are the breakfast burritos. Salsa seems to be more of a hot sauce... I'd say pick up a tub from Trader Joe's and pile that on instead. (Haha.) Chimichangas are a big NO, especially for ye of sensitive colons. I always get a big ol' awkwardly sized styrofoam jug of horchata that I can barely hold in one hand. Overall, don't expect a gourmet culinary experience. Also, just park and order from the window when there's more than two cars in the drive-thru or else chance attacking your sleeve, your friend, or yourself out of sheer desperation and hunger.
4	Best place for quick and yummy Mexican food. Also, they have the best burritos in town. It's the only drive through style place I go to for good Mexican food.
4	I thought that the kitchen was very clean. The food was good and fresh!!
5	The BEST carne asada burrito I have ever had!!! I was shocked!!! My friend took me here while visiting AZ and I would have never expected such an excellent meal! I have asked multiple times to go back and am going to make sure I have atleast one more burrito from here before I go home. The meat was very flavorful and the tortilla was so soft and light. You have to go here!!!!
