5	Oh my, I spent a real long time ogling this place before I dared to go in. The display in the front window has the most minimalist display of pastries I've ever seen. But the pastries looked so good. And not only did they look good, they were also delicious. The chef, who is French, and his wife, who works at the cafe, opened this patisserie and espresso bar only a few months ago (3, I think) against all odds, during the recession. The woman claimed that during the recession she figured people would still want good quality food. And they provide. They even have regulars now. The chef learned how to make pastries and macaroons from a Pierre Herme course in Paris (I'm told Pierre Herme is a master macaroon maker). I tried two things when I went there: a vanilla macaroon at the woman's recommendation, and a raspberry and vanilla tart. They were both delicious. When the woman was recommending the vanilla macaroon, she said she'd never really been all that enthusiastic about vanilla (and neither have I), but that the vanilla macaroons were surprisingly amazing. And they were. If you're in the area and want to taste some pricey, yet delicious, tarts and macaroons, this is the only place to go.
5	Macaroons calling to me from the front window display in an array of colors looking so beautiful it was actually art!  Madeleine's is absolutely amazing!A French patisserie that takes chic to a complete other level... Situated in Stockbridge (naturally) it is quite an unassuming little cafe upon first glance but stepping inside with its pale grey walls and glass counter boasting the most beautiful cakes I have ever seen you know instantly, this is no bakery.Macaroons of every color and texture, creme brulee type mousse with the most delicate composition and surprisingly - mango inside!  Dainty little chocolate and strawberry concoctions that make you weep they are so delectable and quite simply the best mocha I have ever tasted (and Ive tasted a lot!)Stop reading this now and just go!!
5	Was waking past this shopfront on Sunday when in Stockbridge for the local farmers market, and saw the wonderful looking macarons in the display. Purchased 12 macarons and a pistachio-raspberry pastry - amazing. Really, it was all delicious, and the pistachio filling in the pastry was beyond amazing. The macarons were wonderful as well. We will definitely be returning, and perhaps will sit in next time for a drink as well.
5	Oh. My. Word. Amazing cakes. After uhm-ing & aw-ing over the choice, I finally settled for the white chocolate & raspberry eclair to have with a cheeky hot chocolate and it was deliciousness personified.The raspberries tasted like they had just been picked that morning: juicy & sweet & full of flavour. The patisserie vanilla cream filling was light & not too sweet and there was lovely layer of raspberry confit which added flavour. The pastry was light and the white chocolate was delicately flavoured with vanilla. Portion wise - it was the perfect portion. I could've eaten another one but maybe that's because I love cake and could eat it all day every day if I had a chance.The hot chocolate was made with proper chocolate shavings and was a rich satisfying milk/dark blend. It wasn't sweet at all. After a few disappointing trips to a rival patisserie, this is a firm favourite and well worth the trip down to Stockbridge. What's more it must be some sort of well kept secret because, despite the time of day/week (1.30 on a Saturday afternoon), it wasn't even half full!! I'm sure with word of mouth that will change but I enjoyed the fact the staff had time to chat & I could sit and watch the world go by without feeling I had to give up my table.
5	Lets start off with a wee pronunciation lesson shall we?It's not a macaROON. It's a macaRON.A macaroon is a lovely, coconut based piece of delight.A macaron is a lovely, meringue based piece of delight.As it was once explained to me by a French Canadian chocolatier, while she angrily pelted me with cocoa nibs (true story), it's pronounced like macaroni without the "i".It's a little tidbit of knowledge that I bring up at every possible occasion, and undoubtably sound like a pretentious dweeb doing so, but I like to think that Anne at Chocolaterie de la Nouvelle France is out there somewhere (in Vancouver) being super proud of me.Ok. Lesson over. On to the important jazz:When I lived in Vancouver, I lived a block away from an amazing French chocolate shop. When I moved to Edinburgh, I found myself a block away from an amazing French patisserie.The universe obviously wants me to expand my waistline. But i'm not complaining, as Megan Trainor says, it's all about that base right? A song I still don't particularly understand (is bass your bum?), but it justifies my almost daily consumption of delicious pastries, so i'm cool with it.If you're sitting in this place and notice red lipstick and nose marks on the windows - that's me. This spot is positively magnetic and if you can walk past that delectable selection of perfectly pretty pastries in the window without stopping, you might be a robot.Honestly - these lovely folks are the makers of the most beautiful things. Exquisitely beautiful things that are ALSO delicious. It's like the Beyonce of bakeries. They can do no wrong and may have super powers.Now with all my fussing above, i'm not actually a huge fan of macarons but I will say, the salted caramel ones here fight that statement on a weekly basis. Of the macarons i've stuffed into my face, these are possibly the best.Instead, what I regularly pop in here for is anything that has enough cream to make it seem truly sinful, and their hot chocolate. It's very nearly a drinking chocolate consistency - heavier then your run of the mill stuff. It's not too sweet, not too hot and not too much. Heaven.This place is fast becoming one of my favourite spots in the neighbourhood and I will most definitely continue my mission to try everything they ever make - ever.Pro tip: Pop in on a Sunday for a hot chocolate and then walk through the Stockbridge Market. It's delightful.
