4	Went for lunch today thinking it was still Swaddee Thai restaurant.  It wasn't, and I'm happy to report Cha Da Thai exceeds Swaddee.  I ordered the chicken panang curry (hot) lunch combo with a Thai iced tea. Start off with a soup or salad (got the salad, which was crisp with a nice dressing), and then the meal arrives, sort of like a bento box. You get an appetizer (I chose vegetable tempura - which was perfectly executed; including a piece of tempura avocado [!] which was a interesting touch), rice, and the main dish.  You get a drink too, but this doesn't include the Thai iced tea apparently. The "hot" was spicy enough where my lips were still tingling after I walked out the door, but not so hot that I couldn't finish the meal - the right balance between heat and flavor.  The only quibble was that it took a while to order but once the order was in, the service was friendly and  attentive. I would chalk that up to the fact that they seem to still be in the opening process (contractors seem to be still installing things).   Overall, an excellent experience. I'll definitely be a return customer and will bring people with me!
5	Yeah pretty legit Thai.  stopped by for dinner, had the pumpkin curry cause it sounded different.  ill definitely be back.
3	I've ordered takeout a couple of times from Cha Da, and can now offer a fair assessment of my experience. Anyone can have a bad day right? First things first, the service is great and you get 10% off if you pay with cash (nice bonus) and a good reason to let the plastic cool off. The first time I ordered the spicy eggplant lunch special (a couple of weeks ago), it had VERY good flavor, the eggplant was deliciously soft and well cooked...unfortunately, it was drowning in grease. I'm not a grease-a-phobe. I can enjoy greeeeezy along with the best of them. But this was a bit much.They had run out of their soup, so I had it with the side salad. The side salad was very tasty and fresh. Today, I figured I'd give it another try. This time, the eggplant dish was still soft, still well cooked, and it was not greasy. In fact, it had very VERY little sauce at all. Which is something I can overlook if I have to. But not only was it not spicy,  it was lacking flavor and spices. Very pretty to look at, but bland. The soup, however, was DELICIOUS! So was the thai iced tea. Since it is really close to work, I'm sure I'll be back, but I doubt I'll order the eggplant again.
5	The new owners have made a very positive mark on the place. Updated the decor, the service is still very good and the food is great. An expanded menu and everything we have tried is excellent!! Happy to have them in our neighborhood!
5	Enjoyed the most delicious Thai lunch today...everything was yummy and spicy.  The service and prices were excellent, too.  I always felt Swadee's was good, but Cha Da Thai is even better.  (probably par with Soi 4!)  I look forward to returning soon :))thank you!
4	A happy find. The Tom Ka soup was good, creamy, sweet and lightly spiced with fresh vegetables and good quality chicken. Liked the Pad Thai and the Red Curry. The service was attentive and friendly.  I was sorry when Swadee went downhill, but I'm happy now that Cha Da has taken its place.
5	I've had lunch twice now at Cha Da Thai and it's been deliciousl The Pad Thai was excellent, ambience is lovely and the owners are welcoming and friendly.  This is definitely a new favorite.
2	I'm surprised at the good reviews. 4 of us went for dinner & 3 of us had bad meals. How can someone make Thai food flavorless? My meal (ordered #3 on a scale of 1-5 for heat) wasn't spicy at all; my sister's was hotter, & she ordered a heat level of 1. Swaddee was infinitely better. Try Thai House on Shea going west just past Walgreens, south side of street. Hate to say it because everyone was so nice, but the food was definitely sub-par.
5	With great food comes unbelievably friendly service. Go there with your kids. Definitely will be back with my family.
5	Great food and service. Clean place. I wish they could make better thai iced tea, that is the only thing I don't like in this place.
4	Cha Da Thai is our new favorite Thai spot in Scottsdale!  We go at least 1 time per week and the food is always delicious.  We love the spring rolls and fresh roll, the Pad Thai is dynamite, and the curries are out of this world.  We usually order red curry with shrimp and vegetables, but the pumpkin curry is wonderful as is the Panang.  We also love the Pad Pak and several noodle dishes.  One person in our party ordered the spicy fried rice and said it was amazing.  The mango sticky rice and coconut ice cream are amazing as well.  I can't leave out the Thai Iced tea either. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because the last time the service needed some improvement.  Granted, the gentleman helping us was also ringing out customers and taking care of other tables, but he forgot our soup, our water was empty a lot, the chicken was left out of our Pad Pak and the timing of the dishes was way off.  This was the only time the service was poor and anyone can have an off night.  The food is so good that we are definitely willing to overlook a bad night of service. The owner is an absolute sweetheart and Cha Da has a delightful family feel.  We are thrilled it is so close to our home and recommend it to everyone!  So far everyone we've sent has been very happy.
5	I have been to this restaurant 4 times and have eaten different things from the menu each time.  Each time and for each dish, I have been struck by the quality of the dish, the distinctive flavor of each dish and the quality of the food used in each dish.  I like my food very spicy and they are able to accommodate me with a very hot dish that is at the same time edible and enjoyable.  They serve outstanding food and the owner and the staff are professional, personable, and a pleasure to see every time we go.Don't miss this one!  It is excellent!!
4	I was recently in town for business and while there developed a bad cold. Craving the sinus-clearing magic of a good curry I found this restaurant. Upon entering my colleague and I were greeted like we were family. The menu is extensive and extremely reasonably priced. My colleague ordered a noodle bowl (mild) and I ordered the panang curry and asked for it medium spicy. Our server seemed concerned that it might be too spicy for me but I told her I like spicy food. When the food came the portions were huge. I am sure that noodle bowl could easily have fed a family of four! My curry was exquisite. Just the right amount of spice to clear my sinuses but not too much that I couldn't taste the flavors of the dish. I am so glad that I found this place and suggested (ok, insisted) that we eat there on our last night. If I find myself in Scottsdale again I will definitely be back!
2	My husband and I showed up at 'Cha Da' expecting to eat at 'Swadee' Which was the name of the thai restaurant that was at this location about 2 months ago. Swadee was by far our favorite thai food we have ever had so you can imagine we were disappointed to find that it was a different restaurant now. The food was almost on par with Swadee, which means it was still amazing.
5	Having been to Thailand several times we can say that this is the best Thai restaurant in the Phoenix area. The food is authentic and outstanding, the staff are friendly and very professional. Kudos to Bussara, Wanvisa, and Tanarak. Everyone must try this restaurant!
5	My family has decided to forgo the North Scottsdale excuse for Chinese food for a Thai dinner for Christmas Day.  We found Cha Da Thai on Yelp and are we glad we did.  The food was excellent and the service very friendly.  Don't follow the driving directions on Yelp. It's a simple and easy location to find on the south side of Via Linda, in the strip center just west of 90th St.
5	Simply outstanding. The price is right, the food is fresh and tastes great.
4	I'd like to give it 3.5 stars....That said, Cha Da Thai is a good Thai joint.  Food is good, menu has a lot to choose from, and their curries are awesome.I've been a number of times and have only had one bad experience...I believe they had someone else doing the cooking that night.
4	Very good Thai food, best I know of in the area. As of summer 2013, new owners and cook in the longtime location of Swaddee; a big improvement. Understaffed and slow on one recent visit, fine on another.
5	My experince at Cha Da Thai was wonderful !! Food was fresh and great service was very good ! if your looking for a Authentic Thai food this is the place !!
5	FINALLY able to add a 5 star review ( been a while). The strip center location is not the easiest to find so, I was surprised to see this quaint neighborhood eatery near capacity on a Wednesday night.  We waited 5 minutes for our table and were immediately greeted by a very enthusiastic server who took our drink orders and returned to answer some of our questions. She took her time to explain several dishes and cautioned us about the spice level. We went with the pumpkin curry, steamed lemon fish and our old standby Pad Thai. All three of us were happy with the freshness, presentation and appropriate spice levels. The portions were good so, no desserts to report on, maybe next time. This restaurant is very well decorated with art and sculpture from Thailand and,  seemed impeccably clean. I know it is more of a locals spot but, I highly recommend it for out of town guests wanting fresh Thai cuisine. It is very close to many Scottsdale hotels but, off the beaten track.  Thanks to Sha Sha for taking her time with us. Be back soon!!
4	I stopped by to do a take-out and the place was nicely decorated, very Thai I must say and the server was very friendly and helpful.  I placed my order and the lady behind the counter was so nice and so helpful and so informative.  She also had the cutest little Thai pants which she told me came from Thailand, of course.  I ordered tom ga kai and tofu panang and requested mild spice.  The tom ka gai was mild and loaded with veggies, very yummy and was tasty. The tofu panang came out spicy!  I couldn't eat it and my nose was running and my tongue burning!  Guess it is hard to make curry not spicy???  They have an extensive menu and the people here are super nice and helpful, has a very homey atmosphere to it!  Met the owner, Nina and her mom!  Cute family..  Give this place a try!  They're more friendly than other Thai places that I've been to...
5	Excellent service...fabulous authentic Thai food...friendly hospitality...wonderful decor...five star greatness!!!!!  This was our first time at Cha Da Thai and we will be back for sure!!!!! We started with the Mee Krob and Tom Kha Soup with Chicken. Then, we had Prik Khing Salmon and Gaeng Garee (Yellow Curry Chicken with Potatoes and Sweet Potatoes) for our entrees with brown rice and really sticky rice!! YUMMY TO OUR TUMMIES!!  On our favorite restaurants list!
5	We visited Cha Da tonight for the first time and it was delicious! We ordered the yellow curry, the jasmine fried rice, and pad thai. We started with Tom Kha soup, which was amazing! The yellow curry was extremely tasty, flavored with coconut milk and just the right consistency. The pad thai comes with chicken and shrimp, and the flavor was spot on. There are two versions of the jasmine fried rice - spicy and not spicy. We tried the not spicy version and adjusted the heat with different sauces available. The staff was very friendly, and we even received a lesson on the origin of the restaurant's name. We had a great experience at Cha Da Thai and will definitely be going back - soon!
5	I really have to force myself not to get take out from here every day for lunch.  They have this soup...aaah, it's so good!  It's kinda like Pho but you can order it at whatever spice level and with whichever noodle you want.  And it is so stinking good!  Yummy!Oh, and they give a discount if you pay cash.  Pay cash!
5	My co worker and me use Yelp for a resource to find great food. We found this little nugget and I have to highly recommend. The ambience is excellent and the server was very nice and super friendly.  All of the food we ordered was delicious. My favorite was the Cha Da Wild Lamb.
5	Destination worthy restaurant.  Amazingly good Thai food at uber reasonable prices.  Squeaky clean dining room & restrooms. The room in this little mom & pop place is actually pretty. Friendly, smart service.I live in the SF Bay Area which is loaded with Thai restaurants.  Cha da is better than 99% of them.
5	This restaurant truly delivers.  We enjoyed our visit and had a fantastic meal.  My wife and I had a green curry dish and an eggplant based vegetable dish that were very good.  We reccomend!
5	One in a million is this restaurant that serves the best Thai food in America!!!!! The decor was soo cute with the Thai headdresses and paintings!!! I adore the pad see ew, the beef was nice and the noodles were full of great taste!!! The Tum yun soup was amazing and sour which suits my taste!! The server was soo nice and sweet!! I'm sure that I would come back the next visit I come to Scottsdale!!!!!!!
3	I have eaten at Cha Da Thai several times and really enjoyed the food. It is some of the best Thai food in town. The ambiance is nice too, and the owners are friendly.Normally, this would be enough for me to give a five star review, but I can't because the service is awful. My most recent visit was not a good experience at all. It took a very long time for someone to take my order, the food took forever, and it also took forever to pay. When my curry was finally ready, one of the servers struggled to get the dish to me, as she had no idea who had ordered it. There seemed to be a general lack of attention to detail and confusion among the wait staff. While I enjoyed the food, the poor service tonight has soured me on returning anytime soon.
5	Food was excellent and the service was very good. Enjoyed the fact that the chicken was white meat and the beef had no fat. I will definitely be back. My wife and I just moved from California and were looking for a new Thai spot and we found it!
1	The restaurant looks Thai, but the food is not....maybe it is suitable for american thai food.  The meat are dry (all white meat), curry are waterly and no thai flavor, the soup is salty, the service is slow, inside the restaurant is dark.  After this meal, I think I rather go somewhere...won't go there again for sure.  The one star I give to the servers, at least they have a kind looking!  I see this restaurant been changing hands 3 times for the past a year, the location maybe a problem..but the food is the real issue....
5	Great place and great service. Owner is very friendly and nice. Servers were also. They let my friend put on the cha da. Epic service.
5	This is my second time here... The staffs very nice and friendly... Fantastic food, especially the Boat Noodle # 1... The lady owner remember me when she saw me ( we talked on the first time i came)... In conclusion, best Thai Food in town and excellence service... I would come here more often and recommend this place to my friends..
5	This is my favorite Thai restaurant in the Valley.  They offer far spicier options than other Thai restaurants in the area and everything was extremely flavorful and fresh.  I do think Cha Da Thai is a couple dollars more expensive than others (check my other Thai restaurant reviews), but it's completely worth it.A nice bonus: Cha Da Thai has the most Thai ambiance/decor of any of the Thai restaurants that I've been too.
3	Had the kapow for lunch, hot. Was good, but nothing exceptional. Would try one more time to see if alternative dishes are better. Service was good, friendly.
5	This place has excellent Thai food and Pho noodles. The prices are very reasonable and they offer 10% discount if u pay cash. The people are always friendly and the service is always good. I encourage anyone in north Scottsdale who wants great thai for a great price to go!
5	Love this place! A great family-run Thai restaurant with super flavorful dishes. Everyone is really nice and attentive, you can tell their hearts are in it. I've had a number of different appetizers and entrees and they've all been great so I don't want to single any out. Just pick your favorite one and something new and enjoy!
5	Great place for a casual dinner! The decor is warm (Thai theme) with comfortable booths and the service is great. There is no long wait to be served your delicious meal. The menu has a good variety (beef, pork, chicken, fish, seafood) with 4 degrees of heat. The heat is real so be conservative! I asked for medium/hot and would have been better with just medium. Iced tea helped calm my mouth so np.You really can't go wrong with anything you order and certainly a go-to place for us.
3	Pro- good white rice, friendly staff, good waterCons- poor service, cheese bites were partially cold on the inside, ice tea had cream in it, staff got confused easily
5	Excellent food and stellar service. Great ambience is well. Kevin was humorous and insightful.
5	This is a great little restaurant!  It is small and well decorated and friendly for a causal dinner.  The staff is well informed on the menu and can easily recommend dishes that they love.  I had a noodle bowl soup, it was served in a gigantic bowl and was very flavorful.  I also recommend the Thai iced tea, it was some of the best that I have had.
5	As I mentioned the tom kha here is wonderful!   Its not on the menu but you can add shrimp too!  All sides come mild, medium or hot.  Go for medium,  its full of flavor & some heat :)  if you really like hot just ask them to bring extra hot on the side.
5	Cha Da Thai is incredible!!! Not only is the food exquisite, but the staff there is generous, accommodating and genuinely cares about your dining experience. The manager Kevin even let us try on a Cha Da (Thai crown.) The Tom Kha is some of the best I have had in the valley and I would highly recommend this place to anyone in the mood for Thai!
4	I recommended this to my work friends to go for a weekend friday lunch out, ( wow it was A BUSY lunch) so I was hoping it would be as good as the last time I went a couple of years before. It was better, our waitress Victoria went to great lengths to take care of all our needs, fast but attentive explained the menu and deals well and poured all four of us water before I could blink and even offered us for a  home made coconut ice cream .  Very polite and thankful for our custom. Having worked in restaurants myself I really appreciate this sort of customer service. The food was average on all of us were  satisfied with our meals,  but highly satisfied with our service and it is a very unusual for a Thai or Asian restaurant. We promise Victoria we will be back.
5	Went here for dinner with a friend yesterday and was greeted by a woman and a friendly man, Kevin, who told us all about the menu and made several recommendations: drunken noodles,pad see iew , and their soups. Even though we weren't dining in, they had a nice little waiting area and brought us waters while we looked at the menu. The servers were very attentive to us; 3 different people asked if we needed help or were ready to order. We went with the drunken noodles and the pumpkin curry-absolutely delicious! The server helped us pick our spiciness level by saying a 2=a 2.5, which it did (probably closer to a 3). The food was ready in about 15 minutes and Kevin made sure to reintroduce himself and invite us back. Great experience, great food, definitely going back.
5	Having lived in Thailand I feel that I know what authentic Thai is and what "westernized" Thai is and this place stays true to Thai food. The Kaprow was just as good as I would get from the street vendors in front of my apartment as was the Som Tom. Will definitely be back to get my favorite dishes from back in Thailand. Bonus is that they have perfectly cooked sticky rice
5	This is a review strictly on their food alone.  Having spent a decent amount of time n Thailand, and spending half of every paycheck on Thai food, I feel qualified to say that I really think the food here is authentic.  This place more than any other in Scottsdale reminds me of the food I've had in Thailand.  The actual place is a little divey, although charming with its authentic Thai sculptures and knick knacks.  Great place to take out from.  Pretty good place to eat at.  Pro Tip: Use cash and save 10%!
5	The best Thai restaurant in Scottsdale, bar none.  I love their Thai version of Pho, but don't ask for "Thai Hot," I barely survived the bowl of lava.  Great service, amazing and flavorful food as well as super friendly staff.  A must!
5	A bit off the beaten path, but you'll find the best and most authentic Thai food in Scottsdale here. The Pad Thai is amazing, as is the pumpkin curry. The food is fresh and flavorful, and reasonably priced. Plus they make everything to your desired spice level. Service is friendly and efficient. The restaurant is clean and decorated in a cheery and authentic Thai style, with Thai costumes adorning the walls. Light lavender shades of cheerful go hand-in-hand with the service with a smile you will find at Cha Da Thai. The Thai iced coffee is delicious. I will definitely be back!
5	Out of the dozen or so Thai restaurants we've tried in Arizona this is one of the best. Mee krob is among the best I've tasted. The fried rice and Pad Woon Sen were first class. Will be back to try other menu items but was very impressed.
5	My husband and I recently discovered this place and love it! We love Thai food and have eaten at many Thai restaurants, but  this one is our favorite! We have tried several noodle and curry dishes. The pineapple curry & pad Thai are both amazing. The staff is extremely friendly and welcoming. I would recommend this place to anyone.
1	Worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant, ever. I ordered the Pho like noodle bowl off of their new menu and so did the person I was with. I ordered the version with scallops and prawns. We both ordered it "mild." I normally eat everything spicy, from my sushi to my mexican food, I eat anything as hot as can be. However, this was the spiciest thing I ever ate.  The other person I was with felt the same way about theirs. It was too spicy to swallow, let alone enjoy. This shouldn't have been a problem as I requested some more broth to water it down. It was still too spicy, so I requested to return it and order something else instead. This is when I realized I would never be returning to this establishment... I was told that it was because I "CANNOT HANDLE SPICE" and that they would "NOT ACCEPT IT BACK." I was shocked. I have never heard of this happening at a restaurant. Isn't the customer always right? I asked to speak with a manager. I was told the manager doesn't speak English and I could not be helped further. I asked the waitress to speak with the manager in Thai. She said the manager would not take it back for something else after speaking with her. I said to return it anyhow then - I couldn't eat it. THEN, the waitress brought it to the back and came back to tell me that the manager had said I was trying to take advantage of them since I had eaten 2 of 5 scallops placed in the bowl. This is A) the craziest thing I have ever been accused of B) who cares since they wouldn't take it back anyhow C) the pettiest thing you could ever say to someone at a restaurant (I cannot believe she actually counted them) and D) a bold faced lie as she actually exaggerated the number of scallops included (there were only 4). I don't care if this place had the best food in the world (it doesn't), I WILL NEVER RETURN!
5	Burp. Really enjoyable food.  Generally don't like Thai food but they converted me. Great service and fantastic food. 5/5
5	This is my 2nd visit to Cha Da in just over 24hrs! I came here for lunch and ordered the Special Pho #2 with roast pork, Chinese broccoli and thin rice noodles. I ordered the spice medium which was as hot as I could handle. The broth was so tasty and for a Thai restaurant, this was absolutely the best Pho I have ever had. It's also what drew me back once again. I am sure their other dishes are equally excellent. I will be back again very soon.
5	Great lunch spot. The combo lunches offer good variety of entrees with great accompaniments. Soups are excellent. Ingredients are fresh.
4	Great place for authentic Thai! And, close to my home (even better)!I had the Shrimp Pad Thai (medium level spice) which was scruptious! NOTE: I can handle my spice, okay, but medium was enough to water my eyes AND clear my sinuses.Ordered chicken lemongrass soup. Presentation was awesome (complete w/flame in middle of pot), but disappointing combo. I didn't care for the huge chunks of ginger casually floating in my soup, as I thought they were merely bamboo shoots. I felt like someone squirted Lemon Pledge in my mouth. Not cool.Jasmine (hot) tea was great also! Not too strong and went well w/dinner options.Location is odd - it's a part of a quiet (and dark) strip mall. Service was friendly and attentive.
5	This place is great! I love the noodle bowls and kapow with chicken here. I eat here several times a month and am satisfied every time. Best thai in Scottsdale by far!!
5	Best Thai food and ethnic food in Scottsdale. Great portions, great quality and truly authentic. Service is slower than what you would expect but you have to think you are  visiting a restaurant in Thailand. Will totally be back again....Only recommendation would be to lower the price of the appetizers and maybe minimize appetizer portions. Everything on the menu if around the same price.
4	Short Story-Either the best or one of the BEST at Thai Cuisine in the Metro Phoenix area. (Spice level runs one-two hotter than other places)Service can be HIT or Miss and on my day it was a Miss or I might have gave 5 stars. (on my day service didn't get bad till we wanted to leave so it was mostly good)Longer Story-We came at a popular time when the place started to fill up quickly. Our server seemed rushed and quickly took our order and dashed away before we were able to order beverages but she did bring us water so we went with that. (no big deal that is typical and average service when a server is too busy)We did notice they only had one waitress on with another that seemed like a helper. The place filled up quickly and the two ladies were working like a team together.We started with these  green leaves stuffed with the most insanely DELICIOUS mixture of toasted coconut, pieces of lime, ginger, and peanuts. Small pieces of a very hot chili was on the side and when you add just one it's the perfect heat. You taste sweet, spicy savory, tart and tangy and all the textures. It just delicious! It's a MUST GET DISH!I soon receive my Pad Ped Makeur (Eggplant) with Chicken. I ordered it one level under Thai Hot and WOW was it hot! I almost couldn't eat it. But WOW was it delicious! The Chicken was prepared very well and this dish was layered with the just right flavors that made it just right. My husband had the Kapow with Beef Thai Style. They hand chopped the beef giving it more surface space to taste the sauce more. The beef seemed like a better quality than what you'd usually get at a typical Thai Place. What made the dish special was that PERFECT Crispy Fried Egg with a runny center. This Kapow was very good. (I do note the dish should have had the same amount of basil as the Eggplant Dish had and was slightly short on basil)We eventually finish the scrumptious food and we wait about 20 minutes for our server to stop by and she said she'd bring the bill.And we wait and wait and wait and wait and wait.We decided she was just too busy to ever come back so we HAD to leave money on the table.I don't know if they were short on help or if they often roll like this?Food 5 stars or close to 5 stars.I only deducted one star because service was mostly good  (average) and the food was delicious and was above average Thai.
2	We go here a lot based on convenience. Take out only. Their food is ok. Can be inconsistent. But they're down the street and good if you don't have time to make dinner.
3	Update from my previous review.  The food is good but inconsistent.  The curries are always good but if you order anything with shrimp, expect to get 2-3 in the entire dish.  You'll think to yourself, "Wait, did I actually order this with shrimp, or did a couple randomly fall in there while cooking this?" Overall a solid choice, especially if you live close.
2	Food is inconsistent. I'll order shrimp curry one time and get a lot of shrimp and then another time and get two. Same with amount of veggies. Food is generally good if you live close, but sometimes you'll get a bad batch.
4	SOOO happy I found this place. It's the most authentic Thai food I have found so far in AZ (just moved here in 2013 from San Francisco.I spent 10 days in Thailand, and I took 2 months of private Thai cooking lessons. I'm a bit of a Thai food snob.The food here is very tasty.The Larb salad was a bit fishey (heavy on the fish sauce) for my taste.The red curry with pineapple is divine!The papaya salad is really well donePad See Yu (spelling?) is REALLY goodpepper stir-fry is okay, very peppery (not my choice to order this)The eggplant stir-fry was half really good, and half under-cooked.I'll be coming back here to try more of the menu.Service is also really good.
4	We found the flavors to be exceptional.  Definitely some of the best-tasting Thai food we have found in the Scottsdale area.  So glad we gave Cha Da Thai a shot.This review would have been a 5-star rating except for the fact that our Pad Thai was pretty dry.  Since it was a to go order it's a little tough to gauge how much of that was due to preparation and how much was due to delay in consuming it.  Ordering extra sauce on the side may have been a simple remedy.
1	Went back again but food and service was terrible this time , totally different from  the last time we were here. Wait staff hardly can speak proper English and they weren't attentive and unprofessional  and food were totally different. We were sitting close to the kitchen and we saw a Mexicano cook. So that's explains it why the food is not authentic ,,,,,,Very very disappointed will not,recommend to any of my friends and never come back for the 4th time. This is a joke btw ambience looks old and worn
4	I was looking for a good Thai option near my Scottsdale office last week when I stumbled across Cha Da Thai. I ordered the chicken panang curry - spice level: medium and an iced tea. I placed my order over the phone and picked up my order to go. Food was very hot and fresh when I received it. The curry was absolutely fantastic. Wonderful flavor, great texture, adequate portion of chicken. Although I read previous reviews that the medium spice level was very hot, I did not find that to be true. Perhaps it was the amount of coconut and peanut in the panang that counteracted the spice, but I found the medium to be perfect. I also loved the iced tea. I am not sure what kind of tea it was, or what flavors may have been added, but it was perfect! No sugar or sweetener, just a nice, almost fruity flavor, unlike any tea I have ever had. All around a great experience. Curious to try some of their other dishes and see what their dine-in service is like.
4	This place is delicious, definitely one of the better Thai places in Scottsdale. The Panang is good and Pad Thai is pretty spectacular.However- if you ask for extra rice beware that it will show up on your bill.
3	The pad kee mao was on point, tasty and not overly oily or salty. The yellow curry was also quite delicious. Problem was the tom yum and the boat noodle dishes were seriously lacking in flavor. Both were so watery that we had to ask the server if it was possible to make the soups more flavorful. Not sure if it was only that day, but it seemed that not enough tamarind and spices were added to the initial broth.I might give the soup another try to see if this was only an aberration but at least not everything was watered down.
4	This place is solid. It's not in the same league as Two Sisters Thai or Sala Thai in Phoenix (and I wouldn't call the flavors "exceptional" as other reviewers have - I would call them slightly above average), but I go there regularly since it's close to where I live. It's more authentic than a lot of the trendy Asian restaurants in Scottsdale, so that's a plus. One caveat: if you walk in and more than half of the tables are full, LEAVE. This place is not equipped to deal with a full house.
3	As a Thai food aficionado, and with this being so close to my work, I REALLY wanted to like this place more than I do. I've never dined in, always gotten take out, and the service both on the phone and at the counter has always been great. But the food isn't great. I've gotten food here numerous times, and I'm just not impressed. One thing that irks me is that the lunch specials are not that special. I've gotten the Pad King Sod a couple times, and always end up kicking myself for not spending the extra dollar and getting the full-sized meal. Same with the curry. Tiny portions, 4 pieces of chicken. It's just not worth saving the dollar or so. The flavour is ok, but not the best I've had. I've never had the spice level where I want it. Elsewhere, if I order something 'medium', I get it with a little kick. Here, if I order it medium it's like they just waved the spice over it, without actually getting any into the food. My meal today is what finally prompted me to write a review. I ordered the Pad See Iew with chicken, medium hot. What I expect with Pad See Iew: al dente noodles in a darker soy-based sauce, with broccoli and/or spinach or something bok choy-esque. What I got was just not up to par. So light it was almost yellow, noodles soft to the point of being mushy. Not only was there no spice, there really wasn't any flavour. The veggies consisted of broccoli, carrot slices, and long ribbon/noodle like carrots and beets, which unfortunately turned parts of my food an unappetising pink. Pad see iew should never be pink. It should never be light coloured. It should have flavour. This was just one more disappointment, and the reason I don't think I'll be back. I'm beginning to think that the people who gave this place 4-5 stars, calling it "authentic Thai" wouldn't know "authentic Thai" if it bit them. For me, this place serves up watered down, Americanised versions of iconic Thai dishes. I'd have given it 2 stars if not for the excellent service I always get.
