5	Although I was sad to see Chautara go, I was eager to sample the fare of the space's new occupant, Crandall's, which offers Peruvian-American cuisine.  First, I have to say that "Peruvian-American" is used in the loosest possible sense of the term here, since you can order an appetizer of fried Wisconsin cheese curds...And I can't say that if I had a hankering for lasagna THIS would be the first place I'd come to look for it.  But there it is on the menu.  Our server was excellent, and the atmosphere was relaxed and nice--although the music selection, which included Bruno Mars, was somewhat disorienting.I ordered the Arroz con Pollo, a very traditional Peruvian dish.  I was not expecting chicken and rice to make a grand entrance on an absolutely gorgeous plate, but that's what was laid in front of me.  I also appreciated the portion size, which was not overly large.  On first bite, the dish struck me as hearty and savory, but a tad on the bland side.  Peruvian cuisine is not as spicy as some other Latin American cuisines, after all, and as I kept eating, it suddenly hit me.  The pickled red onion garnish was there FOR A REASON.  So I assembled a forkful of rice, chicken, and a slice of the onion pickle.  The sheer perfection of that bite was amazing: the pickled onion provided a perfect textural counterpoint and highlighted the subtle flavors of the dish.  The insanely reeky onion breath two hours later was well worth it.  I'll be back.
4	New restaurant here!  I came here for lunch with a few colleagues.  Check out the attached photos.  They serve Peruvian food with some traditional american items on the menu.  (There was a regular burger on the menu).Overall things were pretty good.  Great service, clean restaurant, and a nice feel.  The empanadas are really great.  Extra flaky.  I would suggest the cheese or chicken.I had the steak sandwich.  I think it was called the Pan con Lomo.  It was pretty good, but could've used a bit more meat on it.  Fries were so-so.   Overall, I'd go back for sure.  There are plenty of other items that looked great!
5	Great food, great service, and good atmosphere. We found this new restaurant while walking down State Street and the waiter who caught us eyeing the menu was so friendly and enthusiastic we had to sit down and try it out. And we were definitely not disappointed. The fried quinoa was awesome! We will definitely be going back.
1	Our evening at Crandalls was a big disappointment.  After making reservations for six and mentioning we had a one year old grandchild, we were met at the door with a surly manager "oh, I'm sorry...we don't have a high chair and we really cater to adults."  We decided to try the restaurant anyway. Our mistake.  That manager marched around seemingly angry at everyone, us, the servers, etc.  Baby and mom left after 20 minutes, and went back to the hotel.  The rest of us waited over 50 minutes for appetizers and entrees followed a few minutes later.  When we asked that they box the Mom's order, the manager barked "we weren't TOLD about this!"  Our entrees arrived  lukewarm but some were good flavor.  When we finished eating, we needed to remind them we had a boxed meal, which took over 20 more minutes to arrive.  Also cold.  As we left we talked to the manager telling him that his attitude had ruined our evening. He blamed our servers and the chef.  To us, the most amazing thing is all the good reviews we read online beforehand.  We will not return.
3	Our foursome met here on a quiet Tuesday night. Our server was very attentive and helpful. Although he had been there only a week, he was knowledgeableAnd when he didn't know a term he asked for clarification from the chef.  The food was beautifully presented and quantity generous. I ordered the ceviche which is not the cilantro and lime juice version to which I am accustomed. It was interesting, but heavier on vegetables rather than seafood. They serve only beer and wine and need to do some serious beefing up of both of these lists. The IPA dark, intense brew drinkers in our group were NOT happy. Wine selections were marginal. And it wouldn't hurt to put some fresh flowers or candles on the table. The crisp white cloths and napkins with the large front windows are begging for them.
5	Really pleasantly surprised. Excellent food, wine and service. Good Colombian  - but definitely Latin.Actually was impressed by watching a waiter run out across state street (in bitter cold) after a couple had left a pair of glasses on their table. Good kid - and our waitress (Holly) was great as well.One suggestion for menu (based on Latin restaurant experience in Houston - see Churrascos - known for Venezuela - Venezuelan specialties) as an Appetizer:Add Fried Plaintain (banana) chips with a sweet Mango salsa (but not runny - and sweet/tangy with just a little bite at the end).- It is unbelievably popular.....and so good. Try it.The Tres Leches dessert was excellent - good job of caramelizing (request) the top for me.Excellent wine suggestions to go along with the meal. Will come again next time in Madison on State St.
4	I am a huge fan of Crandall's. I have been here once when it was a takeout place in Middleton and once downtown. We sat outside on the patio since it was summertime and the experience/vibe was great. We came for the fish fry and also had some glasses of wine. Their fish fry is amazing, but I am now gearing up to try the Peruvian food. I love Peruvian food, so I look forward to checking this place out.I will say I am hesitant to come here in the winter as the inside is a little small. The patio on State Street made for a great eating experience and I don't want to give that up, so we may wait til spring.Overall, some of the best fish fry I have had.
2	We stopped in after our movie at the Wisconsin Film Festival. They were not expecting a crowd on this usually slow Sunday night.  Only one waiter and he was overwhelmed.  My 1/2 chicken was pretty good but the wedge fries were lukewarm and soft.  Wine pours were small.  My wife's entree was unacceptable and the waiter took it off the bill.
5	My companion and I found Crandall's a delightful surprise.  The Argentinian wine that I chose was a perfect complement for our appetizer order of the flaky empanadas and amazing lamb entree that I had ordered.  My very discerning companion loved the ceviche.  To complete the meal, I had the key lime pie: Exquisite. I highly recommend Crandall's.  The waitstaff was attentive and very personable.
5	My boyfriend and I were in Madison attending one of my best friends wedding. Being my first time in Madison, I didn't know which best place to eat at and was getting tired of eating pizza. Being our last night in Madison, my boyfriend and I wanted to get out to eat that night. I remember my friend mentioning Crandall's, so we made the drive to Crandall's.We were greeted warm fully at the door. I fell in love with the floors and the chandelier they had, made me feel like i was in Peru. Our waiter was great, he had great knowledge of the menu and suggested great dishes to us.  We ordered the empanadas as our appetizer. The empanadas were super delicious! My boyfriend and I were pretty much stuffing our faces, with goodness! We were so excited to see how our entrees would be. I ordered the seafood paella and my boyfriend ordered the lomo saltado. Our dishes were so so good! Crandall's did not disappoint me or my boyfriend. We wish we came here the first time we were in Madison. If i am ever in Madison again, I know where I will be going.
2	I've never eaten in at Crandall's, only ordered from them via grubhub.com, so that's what I'm reviewing. The food is fine, but they have no idea what they're doing at the restaurant. I've ordered from them three times and will never order from them again. The first time I ordered from Crandall's, I realized that I had entered the wrong address in grubhub so I called the restaurant to let them know. They had no idea what grubhub was and insisted on rudely telling me I had the wrong restaurant. The second time I ordered from them, I got a call - after an hour of waiting for the food - saying that they were out of what I had ordered. The third time, they packaged my order wrong and I received the wrong food. When I called to ask them to send me the correct order, they insisted it was the delivery guy's fault. I have no idea what goes on at that restaurant, but it is terribly run. I've never had such bad service. I've never written a Yelp review before, but I'm so annoyed with them that I felt it merited a review.
5	Second time here. Food is excellent. Authentic Peruvian. Everything was made perfect.Highly recommend the cevicheGreat patio to spend last days of summer outdoors
4	The food was delicious.  I had the ensalada de quinoa and not only was it super healthy but very tasty!  I only gave it four stars, however, because the server was a tad unprofessional but only because he seemed young and inexperienced.  Still, I would definitely go back for that salad and try other dishes!
4	I really enjoyed the food that I had! My boyfriend however did not. He also did like my good food though, ended up eating his and mine. Our server was a little awkward however. We had the most delicious dessert here! It was cookies and ice cream, definetly would suggest
5	I was in town on business today and wasn't certain what to eat.  Took a walk down State St to see what grabbed my eye.  You don't see Peruvian restaurants everywhere so I thought 'what the heck'.  Great decision!  The waiter was a sweetheart and guided us around the menu.  She gave us three recommendations.  There were three in the party so we each took one.  I went with the Seco de Cordero which was excellent and filling.  I would've grabbed dessert but I was stuffed.  They were offering $5 sangrias tonight which were awesome.  I would've had a few based on the taste and the price but they were so good I don't think I would've stopped.Highly recommended
2	I have an undying love of Peruvian food, and Lomo Saltado is definitely in my top #5 favorite dishes of all time. Since Peruvian restaurants in my own hometown are hard to come by, checking out Crandall's was an absolute necessity while I was in Wisconsin.Lots of variety to be found on the menu with Peruvian Dishes but also with a smattering of Classic American fare as well including Roast Turkey, Pot Roast, and even Pasta Primavera. I love ceviche too, and they have a handful of those to choose from but I had to stick to my guns and get the Lomo Saltado with Steak. I liked the crispy fries, and the steak was marinated well and had a nice depth of flavor. However, the steak was also very overdone, and very tough. There was also wayyy too little steak to justify the $17 price tag! It was mostly fries and rice!Our waiter was attentive and friendly but we were also the only patrons in the restaurant at the time so that might also have something to do with it. The restaurant smells heavily of incense too, so keep that in mind if you're adverse to strong smells while dining. Although I finally got my hands on some Lomo Saltado, it wasn't as satisfying as I'd hoped it would be. My friend got the Seafood Paella and really enjoyed her food. It looked good too! Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, but with so many other great dining options in Madison to choose from, I wouldn't waste my time coming back to find out.
