4	Uhh this place is totally cool. $5.49 you get all you can eat pizza, salad, pasta, and speciality types of food. Today was Fried Chicken, Enchiladas, rice, beans and spicy chicken noodle. Desserts too $4.99 you get all you can eat pizza, salad and pasta. Desserts too. There were #11  14 inch semi-thin crust pizzas to choose from. I asked what her favorite was and she said Chicken Alfredo, and proceeded to yell to a cook to make on asap. I was feeling really good knowing they make pizza just for me. Apparently you can have them make whatever you want, so I am not that special. I had, chicken Alfredo, BBQ chicken, pep and sausage, white pizza, the works, and pepperoni. They were all good but not the best you ever had. DUH I also had salad, pasta, soup, and dessert. The place is large and clean, there is a video game area but it looked closed. Maybe they only use it on Mondays or Tuesdays, when it is kids eat free. Monday = KEFTuesday = KEFWednesday = TacoThursday = EnchiladasFridays = They have fried fish all you can eat too. Check it out!
4	The special item today (Friday) was fish, and and since I love fried fish I came here to give the place a try. The restaurant is spacious and clean and was not too busy when I came in, probably because it was around 1:30 and the lunch crowd was gone. There was a decent array of different pizzas, nothing exotic: white, pepperoni, veggie, ham & pineapple, etc. But beyond the pizza trays were the other dishes: yellow rice, beans, pasta, marinara sauce, corn, mashed 'taters, fried chicken, fried fish (the dish of the day, Friday), spicy chicken stew, desserts, and a small salad bar. I tried the veggie pizza and it was OK, and then went on to sample the other dishes. The rice was good, as were the pasta and marinara; the beans were a tad watery, though. In spite of that fact that it was that post-lunch time of early afternoon, these items were still fresh; they were replacing and replenishing the dishes frequently enough to avoid having dried-out food. The chicken stew was hearty and - thank goodness the server warned me beforehand - significantly spicy. The offerings of the salad bar were nice and fresh, though limited. But then you don't come here mainly for the salad, which is meant to be truly just a side for the main starches and proteins. And speaking of the proteins - for me, those were the best part! The fried chicken was juicy and the skin nice and crispy. I wish they had ketchup (I love that condiment), but actually the chicken was tasty and fresh enough to stand on its own. The mashed potatoes were an excellent creamy accompaniment to the chicken. And the fish -- yummm! It was perfect! It was deep-fried so of course some greasiness was unavoidable, but the batter was crispy with a light mouth feel -- unusual for deep-fried fish fillets -- and the fish itself was moist and tender. The desserts were freshly baked goods, such as brownies and cinnamon rolls; surprisingly I had room for the latter, even though I had already eaten a lot.Certainly worth coming back to; you get your money's worth, and more. After all, the complete name of the establishment is The Pizza Buffet and Much Much More (for real ... see the pic).
4	Wow, a new pizza buffet restaurant in town!  Ok, new to me.  I am SO THERE!  ...Eek, it's 23 miles!  Oh well, my Yelp friends Daren & Norm have both just tried it & said it was good, so where are my keys?Arriving around 11:30 AM, I joined a good crowd of crotchety old seniors (even older than me!), & of course families with kids.  They offer pizza, salad, spaghetti, & dessert rolls for a super low price, & it's enough really, or there's the "Lunch Special" which adds some more tasty items for only an additional 50 cents.  I opted for the whole enchilada (ok... enchiladas are only on Thursday), got situated in a comfortable booth, & charged over to the food line, dodging canes & high chairs all the way.The "appetizer", if you please, was a delicious chicken stew.  Then the salad bar had more selections than you usually see at this kind of place, including a nice, meaty, macaroni salad.  After salad, it was on to good fried chicken, mashed potatoes & gravy, corn, Shakey's style "Mojo Potatoes", & more.  Everything was good, including the meaty spaghetti sauce.Oh yes, there was pizza, too!  I appreciated that you could get THIN crust, & pizza with borders that didn't extend half way into the center of the pizza!  There were enough choices with MEAT, the cheese was stretchy & good, & they kept the pizza table stocked up with a good number of choices without waiting.  My favorite pizza was an odd little guy with cheese & bacon, a crispy thin crust & no tomato sauce.  It was really tasty!  The others I tried were good too.With tasty food, sufficient choices, comfortable seating & atmosphere, a friendly, appreciative staff, & super low prices, "The Pizza Buffet & Much Much More", IS!   :-))Lunch:  $4.99 or $5.49! - Senior:  $3.99 or $4.49!
1	My 8 year old daughter has been dying to try this place out, so we went on 4/23 around 4:45 pm.  We ordered the kids buffet and the "Extreme Buffet", both craving pizza and fried chicken BIG time. The pizza was overly greasy, but okay for cheap pizza. The spaghetti noodles looked like they had been sitting there for quite a while, the gravy had a thick film on it and the mashed potatos were dry and crusty. The fried chicken was cold and the salad bar looked like it had been sitting for 3 days, the broccoli was brown on top. My daughter and I both agreed that the drinks were good, and went to eat elsewhere. I never expect much from buffet joints, but this place was much worse than any buffet that I have ever been to.The staff was friendly, but sadly the food was old and unappetizing looking.
2	So this place was pretty much a travesty. The price was definitely cheap which was nice. This however was the regular buffet not the "X-Treme" one for a dollar fifty more which adds access to some fried chicken and mashed potatos and gravy. The pizza wasn't terrible if you could get fresh slices. They had plenty of old dried out pizzas of various types that had been ignored for days probably. Every now and then they'd call out a new type when they put it out and a rush to get edible food began as half the restaurant lurches towards the buffet.  So once you happened to get a fresh slice of pizza it honestly wasn't terrible.  They also had a "dessert" pizza that was pretty bland and kind of stale even though I supposedly got a fresh piece.  They had cinnamon rolls as well but I felt best not to chance it.They've got a mini little game area with some arcade games and skee ball and the like, so they are definitely kid friendly.  Think of it as like a D rate Peter Piper.Overall I'm only giving the place 2 stars because of the cheapness of the food if you happen to be able to get fresh food.
2	Went here for lunch.... and you get what you pay for.  It wasn't completely awful.  We came in hungry and left full but I don't think we will be a repeat patron.  Off the bat the place is inexpensive.... definitely the most affordable buffet I've seen in a while.  However, the atmosphere isn't as great.  It's not as clean as I would have wanted... we opted for a table instead of a booth because the "clean" booths were sticky all over (seats, table, everything).  Second observation: the smell.  I couldn't pin-point it.  Didn't know if it was the smell of uncleanliness or bad food.... until we noticed that they were cooking menudo.  Yucky yucky smell.Third: Variety of pizza was initially poor.  I'm pretty much a vegetarian and there were no options for me.  Sausage pizza, pepperoni pizza, taco pizza (yes, taco), bacon pizza (um, ewww).  I thought that at a pizza restaurant a cheese pizza would have been easy to come by.  You are, however, able to request pizzas which saved the experience.  They had a quick turnaround for fresh pizzas.... so I got a cheese pizza, veggie pizza, and spinach alfredo pizza.  They weren't to die for but you can't have high expectations when paying $5 for all you can eat.Salad bar didn't have fresh salad.... everything was frozen.  And they got a little too creative for the dessert pizzas (strawberry glob with hershey syrup is no bueno).All in all.... not awful but you definitely get what you pay for here.
2	Meh, it's alright.Honestly, after a couple of slices, every pizza tastes the same. They do have a large variety though and on request, they can make a special pizza for you.Overall, it's an ok place when you wanna spend about $7
3	I like this place because it's cheap.The food isn't outstanding, but it's tasty enough.We go fairly regularly because it's easy.I'd recommend it.
4	First off, let's get the name of this place straight.  It's "The Pizza Buffet and Much, Much More".  Now, I HAVE been here at least twice since my last review 17 months ago, & nothing has changed, but TPB&MMM deserves a fresh update because this is a GOOD PLACE, if for no other reason!  No, it's not fancy, & no the pizza isn't great, but by the time you add in the delicious soup, the excellent salad bar, the tasty, meaty chili (add your own hot pepper seeds, cheese, & onions), crispy fried chicken & more, plus super friendly & appreciative service, you have a lunch experience here that really beats the competition from the buffets at Pizza Hut, CiCi's, Peter Piper, Pepi's & LJ's.  Only Amazing Jake's comes up to it in this class, & TPB&MMM here gets you in, well fed, & out, faster & with more money left in your pocket, so grab your keys & your kids!     :-))Lunch Buffet $5.49 for everything or $4.99 pizza & salad only.  Senior $4.99/$3.49.
4	Hey let's face the facts, unless you are one of the people who seem to be insulated from the need for a recession style list of places to dine out.This friendly discount destination "The Pizza Buffet" can both please the pallet and feed you till full for less many folks spend every morning on a Standard Premium Latte. Rand H and I enjoyed all we could eat for $5 and change. Thanks again Rand for introducing me to another location on the buffet bounty!
3	Took the oldest son and the neighbor kids here after a full afternoon of fun at Dave & Busters a few miles away.  Although this is not what anyone would call great pizza, it was at least edible, and cheap and you cannot beat a scenario where the kids can get fed for $4.99 each and it is all you can eat.The restaurant was at least clean, cared for etc.  And the selection was pretty good given that they could have even made do with less pizza's out there.  It appears to be a formerly "eatza pizza" that must have closed.  Sure, I would eat here again with kids in tow.   That is probably the only scenario that would work for me.
3	This place is exactly what it sounds like, a buffet of pizza. They have your standard cheese, pepperoni, sausage, etc.. They also make a bunch of different kinds. When I was there they had a jalapeno beef pizza, which was pretty good. They also had Alfredo sauce style pizza. I am sure if there was a specific type that they would make it for you. They also have a section of salad and other stuff.If you are looking for the best pizza in town, this is not it. It is an inexpensive buffet and the quality is pretty good for the price. If I had another hankering for multiple types of pizza at once I would go there again, but it will not be option 1 for pizza on a regular basis.
3	I've decided to write a review after eating at the pizza buffet a few times. I wasn't totally impressed the 1st couple times but have come to the conclusion that the food is good for the price. They will make whatever kind of pizza you want & they also have beans, rice some chicken soup, mashed potatoes, fried chicken, French fries a small salad bar and desserts. The times we have had the kids they love it and there is something for everyone. On Mondays & Tuesdays kids eat free so that makes it even better. There was a steady flow of people and the food was always kept fresh. All in all, it's good food for a great price!
3	Eating out with a toddler can be a real pain.  Take the sting out of spending over $6 on a kid's meal that your kid wont even eat and bring them to "The Pizza Buffet, and Much, Much More."   They are sure to find something they will love here.  Kids eat free on Monday and Tuesday with a paid adult buffet and beverage!I entered the restaurant with my almost two year old just before noon.  I was greeted by a cashier that was friendly and helpful.  Before we even hit the buffet line she offered to make us a our own custom pizza.  A custom pizza, for little ole me, moi?  It was a great way to start the meal.  While I waited for our custom pizza to bake we grabbed a plate and worked our way down the line.  At first, I was pretty disappointed.  There were 10 partial pizzas.  All of them looked like they had been sitting there since they opened the restaurant an hour before we arrived.  We grabbed a slice and continued to the "Much, much, more" section.  We passed on the mashed potatoes and gravy, they looked crusty.  The rice was delicious, the fried chicken was tasty, albeit a tad dry.  There was also barbecue chicken, but we didn't try it.  The salad bar had plenty of fresh veggies to offer and this is where my toddler did the most damage.  As we sat down to enjoy our food and the first fresh pizza landed on the line.  Then another.  And another.  It was great!   When we returned to the buffet it was filled with piping hot pizzas...lots of them.  We threw down on a few slices and lots more cucumbers, then hit the road.  For a grand total of $7 and some change we were both stuffed silly.
4	3 kids and myself.. 14 bucks.. gotta love a Tuesday kids eat free. While I still had to buy two adults to get two kids free... totally worth it. The place was clean, service excellent. The pizza was looking pretty bad when we goth there but after eating some ok salad, the fresh ones rolled out and were great. Garlic cheese bread typePep, ham and jalapenoChicken wingThey were all great. Cinnamon Roll for dessert...yummy!Really if you have not been here for a few years come back with an open attitude and a hunger to pack in some pizza, chicken, mashed taters, spaghetti, salad, dessert and of course pizza...any kind you want, they will try to make it.
2	Everyone knows I'm a Pizza addict....I can't resist it.  So, when I saw that there was an AYCE Pizza buffet nearby, I decided to pop in for lunch.Priced at $6.49, it looked promising.  Unfortunately, it wasn't.  The restaurant looks like a cheap copy of CiCi's Pizza.  Not that CiCi's is quality Pizza, but it's heads and shoulders above.  I gave this place a good try though and pile up my plates high:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ALouXcCfsrnbpNEpO9-Y3A?select=eV7eTP8eZq9WvH1TaZR6UAThe Pizza itself was about 3 Stars, but overall I gave the place 2 Stars because the selection of Pizza was pretty weak.  In the 30 minutes or so we were there for lunch, we didn't see very many options for Pizza.  At other Pizza buffets they pump out a variety of Pizza so you have a lot of choices.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ALouXcCfsrnbpNEpO9-Y3A?select=qwYd_fU11hT-GT1gicfv0QThey also have the option for other comfort foods like Fried Chicken, Biscuit's & Gravy, Beans, Mashed Potatoes:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ALouXcCfsrnbpNEpO9-Y3A?select=M31XSvdMuVLEiZidKrxvSQI tried the Fried Chicken and it was just average.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ALouXcCfsrnbpNEpO9-Y3A?select=1SUIvPzca7H3-nsESuutAgOverall, not a stellar experience.Return Factor - 10%
3	Update:  Fried chicken is no longer tasty.  Toppings are back to mediocre amount.  Sorry to see it degrading.Management must have changed or the owners woke up and realized the pizza was not good.My coworkers and I would at least twice a month for the last couple of years.  We noticed in the past month that the pizzas are now full of toppings and not skimpy anymore.  You used to be able to count how many pieces of pepperoni or sausage or even mushrooms were on the slices.  Now the pizzas are covered with generous portions.  We go once a week now.The fried chicken is very similar to how I make mine at home.  I salt and pepper overnight and use flour before frying.  Same flavor and crispiness.The salad bar is sufficient and stocked well.  It used to have a lot of old lettuce and half-filled toppings.  Now the worker keeps everything well stocked and clean.Daily specials like enchiladas on Thursdays are good and so is the fish fry Fridays.Good for you Pizza Buffet management.  We'll keep coming and tell everyone as long as you keep up the quality.  Suggestion:  Loyalty customer card!  Free lunch after a set amount of paid lunches.  Advertise in AZ Republic and have only one price for the bufffet.
1	First off I made a Yelp account just to review this place.-- HOW IN THE HECK DO YOU PEOPLE EAT THIS? I am utterly shocked that this place has tolerable reviews! Do you people even have taste buds or do you normally just eat trash? I guess compared to dumpster food you might think this place was good. Don't get me wrong the greeter was awesome, great customer service and sociable skills. But it's the food that matters, right? So let's get to it.. The pizza was down right AWFUL. My wife and I felt sick to our stomachs after eating a few slices. It was lunch hour on a Saturday and it was DEAD. 2 people were there and they were well into their 70's. The pizza was cold, cheese was hard, pepperoni's were burnt... We even got a few fresh slices (packed with this cheese that had a weird tint to it) It was a deep dish pepperoni pizza with pineapple.  I took one bite and the rubber martian cheese filled my mouth. It tasted like I was chewing silly putty that someone poured tomato paste from a can on it. Ci Ci's pizza tastes like a 5 star restaurant compared to this dump. We ate what we could tolerate and left within 20 minutes. (because we just spent close to 16 bucks on this crap and couldn't just bail without something) ---- LONG STORY SHORT. We wasted $15 and some change that we could have gone to Ci Ci's or Little Caesars with. Never going again. EVER.  I shiver at the thought of eating there again. Prison food sounds better than this crap.
2	pretty gross, you're typical quantity over quality buffet. most of the food was either flavorless or not fresh. i just picked and ate little of everything. when your hungover i guess its ok otherwise don't go and plz be nice to ur kids and not take them. far better buffets place like old country buffet.
1	THIS WAS THE WORST RESTAURANT I HAVE EVER BEEN TO. The little food they had was awful. There are several various pizza slices that look as if they have been sitting out for days, and taste like they have been sitting for even longer. The crust is dry and and obviously comes from frozen dough. The scant toppings are cheep and taste super commercial. The cinnamon rolls are so tough, that even fresh out of the oven chewing one is impossible. I tried the fried chicken, and after one bite decided it was the worst, least flavorful piece of chicken I had ever had. The salad bar is scant, mostly iceberg lettuce with various dried up vegetables. Flies buzz above everything. The instant mashed potatoes were cold. The worst part of all was the menudo. I should have been warned by the strong smell of poop emitting from it, but I tried it, and it was beyond disgusting. The ice cream machine dispensed a watery goo. The soda was fine. This restaurant is such a joke. We tried to give it a chance, but  after nibbling on the offerings we were mortified  and left, though we barley ate anything. WE rushed to the nearest target to buy gum, tums, and pepto to soothe our aching stomachs. Never have I been so disappointed in a restaurant.  On the upside, the kids who work there are very nice.Please do not ignore the negative reviews. Food this bad isn't even worth the 6 dollars they are charging.
1	The food is horrible, cold, and old. I have never tasted worse pizza. There is barley any food on the buffet line, and what little there is is not worth eating. Worse restaurant experience I have ever had.
5	I've liked this place for years but don't come up here very often to eat because it's almost 20 miles from my house, so they were overdue for a visit.  To my great pleasure these guys were totally on top of their game today & it was worth the drive!Now what we have here is THE KING of INEXPENSIVE PIZZA BUFFETS in the Valley, and we have dozens of other ones around!  Since my last visit, they have cooked the price down to a low $5.49 for everybody, done a light remodel on the dining room (carpeting OUT, nice tile IN, for example), IMPROVED THE PIZZA!, and kept everything that was already great the same.Today they were featuring 31+ food items out, depending how many pizzas were up at the moment, plus sauces & dressings.  Here are some examples of what was happening over at the cold & hot tables:*  Super friendly service from Host/Manager/Chef Eddie!*  Good selection of salad ingredients & toppings!*  Excellent pizza varieties being served up regularly!  My favorite was made with LOTS of Mozzarella Cheese plus good amounts of Pepperoni & Sausage.(They accept special requests such as you choice of thick or thin crust & your favorite toppings, all at no extra charge!  I was happy with what they were already making.) *  Delicious Chicken Vegetable Soup, with cheese & other goodies to add in.*  AWESOME Bean & Bacon Soup, to which I also added a little cheese, diced tomatoes & onions.  (Just a good-sized bowl of this soup alone would cost $5.49 somewhere else & have people giving the place 5-Star rave-ups for it!)*  Delicious fried chicken!*  Also big breaded, deep fried fish fillets, Spaghetti & Meat Sauce, corn, mashed potatoes & gravy, plus more!With the place as nice as it is inside now and with all this delicious food at such a low price, IT'S SPECIAL & earned 5 Stars from here this time!     :-))
1	The floors were dirty.  You could tell the pizza had been sitting out to long. I went at dinner time and there was a whole 6 people there. I should have taken the hint by that. I won't go back.
4	I give this place 4 stars for being a cheap, quick place to grab pizza, a salad and a few other random items that you'd find at a buffet.  When you arrive and pay they ask what kind of pizza you would like to have made.  I recommend the all meats pizza, minus the chicken, along with peppers and onions.  This was so tasty!  Jalapeno and pineapple is a great combo too.  A friend of mine turned me on to it and though it seemed weird it was a nice mix of sweet and spicy.Besides pizza they regularly have fried chicken, spaghetti, mashed potatoes and gravy, Mexican food items, freshly made cinnamon rolls and other desserts plus a decent salad bar.  Vanilla ice cream too.  Ask the pizza makers for chocolate sauce to go with your ice cream.They feature a different food during weeknight dinners, like Taco Tuesday, enchiladas one day, etc.   Can't remember the items or days but it is nice that they mix it up.Worth a visit for a super fast bite to eat.  $17 and some change for two adults at lunch, a little more for dinner.   We enjoy this little gem in our neighborhood.
4	Simple, but effective/efficient serving model. Everything was high quality and quite tasty. A real bargain!
