4	The Queens Arms recently had a bit of a revamp and the place is looking rather good - it has definitely joined the ranks of decent gastropubs and left the days of being a 'traditional' boozer behind. The newly painted green exterior is inviting and I was pleasantly surprised when I stepped over the threshold; inside it's cosy due to the presence of a real fire and the books lining one of the walls are a nice touch. The menu is tempting and succinct: there are only a couple of choices for each course, so everything is well thought out, pleasantly presented and very tasty (try the fish and chips). My boyfriend is rather fussy when it comes to pubs, but this is somewhere that has us both satisfied; it's gastro enough for me and pub-by enough for him.
4	I'm an Old Town girl, i.e. if I can avoid having to be on or around Princes Street, I do. Sometimes, though, there's just nothing you can do, and you've gotta cross that imaginary border that exists on Waverley Bridge. I found the Queens Arms because of the World Cup. You see, I had to be near Stockbridge because a friend of mine who I'd bullied into watching the match with me (and supporting Brazil) had to go to work at 5. So there we were. Pretty hungry and, on my part, excited for the match. The Queens Arms has pretty decent, though slightly overpriced pub food. I had a bit of a pathetic 3 onion tart with walnut pesto while my friend bit into a juicy looking burger with chips and chutney. My tart was pathetic not in taste, but in size. I'd expected something somewhat larger for 4 pounds, but hey, sometimes you just gotta be disappointed and deal with it.What wasn't disappointing at all was the decor. For some reason, I'm a fan of people sticking things on ceilings. I went to a bar in Berlin (whose name escapes me) that had furniture on the ceiling and I was delighted. This place has a myriad of empty wine bottles that have been somehow screwed onto the ceiling. I asked few questions, and gawked loads. I also sat out of harm's way. Because. Another plus for this place is their selection of ale (priced above 3 pounds). They had a couple of my favourites: Ossian and Thrappledouser as well as (wait for it) Blue Moon, which is one of the tastiest beers I ever had in the States, and quite difficult to find on the isle.  Though my knowledge of New Town pubs is slim, this is one worth getting to. Good ale, as far as I'm concerned = good pub.
5	The Queens Arms is AWESOME. It's everything you want from a pub- cozy, charming, old fashioned and modern at the same time (crazy, I know). Newly refurbished, the Queens Arms has never looked better. They also just won Gastro Pub of the Year. DELICIOUS food!The bar staff are really friendly (more than willing to help you carry your plethora of drinks back to the table- which is more than I can ever ask). Overall, this pub has a great vibe to it. One of my favorites in Edinburgh. It is also on the Backstage Edinburgh pass (20% of food and more!): http://www.facebook.com/backstageedinburgh.
3	Recently made-over this place has now lost the rather redundant right half of the bar, in favour of three new 6 (or 8 at a squeeze) person booths with dubious wee doors on them. I think they've upped the selection of ales & lagers etc. on tap although the prices are now more in line with it's nearby competition on George St. I'm convinced the number of tv screens has been reduced so it might not be quite so good for watching the football on big match days and the toilets are now smaller too having had the ladies halved to allow the gents to be housed in the same area. Nice new Belfast sinks installed though. Not a bad change of decor overall and the bottles suspended from the ceiling through the back are an interesting touch but not somewhere I'll be in anymore often than in it's previous state.
4	Really worth a visit if you're up for a long weekend as its just off Princes St. Really nice and relaxing inside,staff were friendly and helpful,food was good as I went for the pie,but if you go for the Salmon the portion size was a bit dodgy. And they do my favourite beer,Blue Moon on tap!!
4	A pleasant and cozy faux-antique pub interior yields to solid pub food, hand-pumped cask ales and friendly staff at good prices. I'm a fan.
5	This is the coolest pub I've been to in Edinburgh so far.. it's sort of quirky, warm, friendly and it has Heineken on tap! Joy of joys!They also played some alright music and the staff were all really friendly.It might be slightly pricey if you're going to be staying out all night but as a place to have a few pints, awesome.I'll definitely be bringing my friends!
3	I was seriously torn for about 3 minutes as to whether to give this place 3 or 4 stars.I mean the food is nice, the seating etc is great, the service is very nice but for some reason it just feels wrong.its trying to be a trendy London pub and to be honest with you i dont like it, i want a place called the Queens Arms to be way more down to earth. The food is ok, fish and chips a decent staple but cold mushy peas.............!As a pub its nice, decent beers, good selection of malts if a little pricey.The effort at sceeens in the front for sport is a classic example of the fact this place doesnt know what it wants to be!!Bring back the old queens arms with pie of the day and a pint and I would be much happier!!!
4	Human-sized awkward turtle!!Sorry, inside joke. What I mean to say is, the Queens Arms took me quite by surprise. There are many bars in town, many of which I haven't tried. So many in fact that unless there is something obviously distinct from the outside, I'll just turn a blind eye and walk on by. The Queens Arms had fallen prey to that sweeping judgement. I just thought it was another "old man pub" (judging from the name alone). But when an #edtweetup was taking place here I was excited to try somewhere new.And it turns out whilst, yes, it has the "old man" pub feel (this is neither good or bad by the way) with the dark wood and lack of margaritas on the menu, I really really liked it. There are comfy sofa seats, there's big tables, there's little booths with ACTUAL DOORS that sit around 4 people comfortably or 7 people in an awkward turtle (don't ask), and a wee conference room out the back, and small two-person booths around the side, and really friendly bar staff who ask if you want lemon, lime or cucumber in your tap water and don't scowl when you ask for several waters in a row and no actual paid alcoholic drink, and it's cosy and lovely and I like it!So now when I'm in town and my usual margarita-making bars aren't what I'm after, I know of another place tucked away at basement level that a lot of other people might walk on by without a second thought, making pre-conceived judgements, I'll be tucked up inside snug and smug with my large glass of rioja.
4	I did a quiz at the Queen's Arms once, gaining a bonus point for my lack of African geography: What 'B' is the capital of Mali?The first #edtweetup of 2012 was back at the Queen's Arms and they were well suited. Lots of rooms, and rooms within rooms, made for a good mix of small groups and mingling. On that basis it's good for parties of all sizes.There's a reasonable range of drinks on tap, though it tends towards the mainstream - a nudge towards the Six Nations was in evidence with a welcome appearance from the 'Tight Head Ale', though most seemed to prefer the dark IPA. As noted in another review there was plenty of tasty water on offer, on its way to Caley Sample Rooms standards.Conversation topics on the night included: Oxford commas, alternative ways to hold an old-school handled pint glass, reading matter from the shelves, the excellent sinks in the bathrooms and test cricket. Just a regular tweet up.I've been in when it's been crowded and the service is fine. Whether they only bring the cocktail menu out for the weekend crowd I'm not sure, but they definitely have a quite a repertoire when it suits them. Well worth a visit any day of the week.(The answer's 'Bamako' by the way. We went for 'Bob Marley' and that was good enough for the quizmaster.)
4	A pub with real books! I'm already a fan. The Queens Arms is a lovely pub. I'd love to call it little but it's actually deceptively large inside being a basement pub. Big highlight was the teeny tiny booths that come with their own doors (we're easily amused) that reminded people of an awkward turtle. The decor inside is also something special. Vintage leather chairs and book lined walls. It feels very mature without being like an 'old man' kind of pub (though a pipe smoker next to a fire wouldn't be entirely out of place.) Towards the back there is even an area with loads of wine bottles hanging from the ceiling. Its awesome to see someone who has been sitting underneath then for awhile look up and clock them for the first time. A word to the wise; be careful when entering the toilets. The 'G' on the door does NOT stand for 'Girls' as I mistakenly assumed...
5	When people have talked about this pub to me in the past I always said 'a friend of mine met her husband in this bar'. Now, it would appear this nugget of information was, at the time, of great importance to me. However, as I'm getting to know this bar well in it's own right, I feel I can discuss it many wonderful points (in addition to it's obvious matchmaking properties!).The Wonderful Points of The Queens Arms:The staff are so insanely friendly and chatty, I'd quite happily just pop in for a blether! They advise, suggest, smile and have strange super-powers (My friend was asking me what Blue Moon Beer tasted like and, despite the staff being at the other end of the bar, a sample was under her nose before you could say 'Orange Wedge'!)It's a very cosy bar with lovely little booths, wee nooks and crannies and a bookcase in the corner! It also has some larger tables for bigger groups.There is a unique ceiling covered with (empty!) hanging wine bottles. They look amazing! I only hope the screws attaching them to the ceiling stay strong for a long time to come! There is a massive selection of drinks, with a great cocktail menu and lots of interesting beers on tap. The staff will (as noted above!) quite happily give you a sample to try if you're unsure of what to order!The food is DELICIOUS!! The fish and chips are fab and, although on the pricey side (compared with standard pub fish and chips!), they are worth every penny. Crispy beer-battered fish, tasty chips and mushy peas Mmmm! The apple and raspberry crumble with home-made vanilla custard was to die for! If you just fancy a wee bite, the starters and side orders are worth a look...and a nibble!It's a great place to watch sport, with quite a few plasma screens dotted about the bar. The atmosphere is good and, with the table-service, you need never miss a try/goal/match-point because you had to go and get drinks from the bar!And the only Non-Wonderful point about the Queens Arms? It's too far away from my house to be my 'Local'...but well worth the 20 minute walk up the road! Will maybe meet my future husband the next time I'm in!
4	What a great pub!  I've walked by again and again and I have no idea why I'd never been in before.  The interior is cozy with loads of seating (how fun are the booths!) and a reasonable (but not exactly outstanding) beer selection.  Having read other reviews I've got to check out the food as well - I'll be quite impressed if the food is as good as it sounds!I definitely need a trip back when it's not Friday night at 8:30, because this place gets pretty busy.
4	Love this pub! Admittedly I've only just re-discovered it. Being downstairs and looking a little like an old man's pub from the outside I've walked past it numerous times.. However am so glad we tried it again recently. Inside is really cosy and it always seems to be busy! With one half looking like you're in someone's library/study (without the silence of course!) and the other half kitted out for dining including funky booths with your own little door its the kind of place you can lose several hours easily! Particularly good if there's significant sporting events on, recently enjoyed the vibe during the Grand National and the rugby.. Much more relaxed than some of the more pretentious bars in town. Have only sampled the 'finger food' (which was really nice - home made wedges were very nice!!) but have watched some good looking plates arriving at tables nearby which seems to always go down well so will need to give it a try sometime!
4	Can I blame the Queen's Arms for the poor GB showing in the Olympic men's road race? We spent a couple of hours there watching the race - and then drowning our sorrows. The staff were great in helping us find the best spot to watch from, and I suppose they couldn't do much to move Cav up to the front...I've always liked the Queen's Arms, but hadn't been in for a while and it's been redecorated in the meantime. It looks great now, with a big library of books up the back. I didn't get a chance to investigate what the books are - next time! We didn't eat, but the food at other tables looked good, and they have a decent range of beers.
4	As far as traditional pubs go in Edinburgh, this is one of my favourites. And I'm not a 'traditional pub' kinda gal normally. If it doesn't do margaritas as standard, there needs to be a reason to make me keep coming back.It's the lush, dark-wooded exterior and book cases with real books; the upside-down bottles decorating the ceiling; the variety of small booths, big booths, comfy couches, and a really big bar -the whole of the bar just calls out to be sit in, drinks in hand, and enjoyed. It's the perfect winter bar as well.They've got a huge selection of whisky here, and even some cocktails (although no margaritas).So as far as a drinking bar goes, it's great.They do have food here, and whilst it is a bit better than some pubs, it wasn't the best I"ve had. The burger looked alright but the burger was half the size of the bun (a major faux pas in my burger-book). The thai beef salad that I had was quite nice - the dressing was delicious, although the beef a little chewy. So totally a-ok pub food, but with the Bon Vivant and The Dogs right round the corner I'm more likely to eat elsewhere then come here for a wee snifter after.But when in the centre of town and in need of a great, traditional boozer, this is the one for me.
4	Hard not to like this place. Big comfortable chairs in one corner, impressive ceiling ornaments (dozens of wine bottles), and decent cask selection. Came here one day to catch the end of a football match and it was packed and brimming with energy. Came back a few days later in the afternoon to read and relax, and it fit the bill quite nicely.
5	Brilliant location for a relaxed pint with friends. The decor is stunning.
3	Good - Loads of room for sitting down and chattingBad - Really annoyingly sized tables make some areas of the bar a nightmare and inefficient when busy.Good - Spirit range is excellentBad - Beer range is hit and miss - sometimes good cask beers (run out quickly), no good craft beer (apart from blue moon which is a bit wank).Good - TV for rugbyBad - TV for ANY OTHER OCCASION OR SPORT (I know I'm a terrible person) Good - Centre of townBad - Centre of townGood  - Lovely place to come on quiet date, food, wine etc is niceBad - Sometimes really full of drunken louts (me) Good - Capitalism*Bad - Hippies with macbooks**not particularly related - I just don't like hippies and like people spending money
4	Come here for the whisky selection, the traditional Scottish-pub stylings, the quirky interior that includes book cases than contain real books, and a ceiling decorated with empty wine bottles, the friendly staff, and the whisky selection.The cocktail menu looks exciting but the one I sampled recently was so overly sweet it wasn't nice. The food I've had here has been totally a-ok but nothing outstanding.If someone were to come for cocktails and food they might not like it. So don't come for cocktails and food; come for the whisky selection, a warm, cosy, pub that's always busy and got a great buzz, and a taste of a good Scottish dram, charm and friendly locals in the centre of town.
5	Without a doubt, my favourite pub in Edinburgh. Great atmosphere and excellent, friendly staff.
4	i'm actually rather surprised that i've not written a review of the Queens Arms as i've been here a number of times.  for a bar that is smack in the centre of town the Queens Arms has a feel of being more a local than a spot that tourists might want to stop in to experience authentic scottish atmosphere.  that's what i like about this place, cosy warm atmosphere, a good number of seats, the cool wine bottle ceiling decorations, good food, and a good selection of drinks.on a cold windy and seriously rainy night, a few of us came in to grab some drinks as our plans for a visit to the christmas markets was clearly not happening.  i loved that they had a whole hot drinks selection so i could still get my hot toddy :)  i had two hot drinks actually, dutch courage and st lucian toddy.  both very good, but the st lucian toddy was just that wee bit extra good.  spiced rum mixed with apple juice lime and spices make for a seriously nice way to end my night before braving the windy streets of edinburgh on my way home.i know i'll be back to the Queens Arms as it's in a handy location and the drinks are a good price.  also i'm always a fan of a bar where i can get a seat on a busy night!
5	We tried to go to the Queens Arms on a Saturday night, but the place was packed (there was a rugby match on) so we decided to try again the following Sunday. We were easily able to find a table and order some drinks. The food was great, service was friendly and the drinks selection made everyone happy!! We enjoyed our drinks and food for about 3.5 hours just chatting and enjoying the atmosphere. It was a great afternoon. I look forward to going back.
5	If it's atmosphere you're looking for, this is THE place. I adore this pub. I've been here on a weeknight for a date where we stayed and talked for hours over a bottle of wine. But I've also been here with a big group of friends on a weekend, when it's loud and lively. I enjoy it either way. The cozy ambience is perfect. It's really nice but not over the top fancy. I love the walls full of books, drippy candle wax, wine bottles hanging from the ceiling, big comfy booths and dreamy chandeliers. I haven't ordered food, but their drink selection is good and I haven't been disappointed by anything. The last time I was here, I ordered a G&T and the bartender asked if he could garnish it with a grapefruit instead of lime. It was delicious.
