4	I consider myself a bit of a wing connoisseur and I found the wings to be top notch.  I ordered the mild wings and they were larger in size than most places, very moist and covered with an excellent sauce.  Cooked to perfection.  If this place can get it's service figured out, I predict a great future.
3	New restaurant took over the old Guthrie's location.. Quality was ok, Sauces are good, 6 wings comes with a single piece of carrot and a single sliver of celery. service is slow but not horribly.. And they are new so I'll give them a break until they get into the groove.  Since the kitchen is wide open to the counter I could watch them cooking and I saw a lot of hand washing after handling raw chicken. They have NO web presence, how hard is it to throw together a Facebook page with your menu?? I had to add their restaurant to yelp myself.. I will try them again and adjust stars accordingly.
4	This place is very very tasty. The drive thru is still there so you can enjoy that, it was fast and the person who took my order was very peppy and helpful which was awesome!The wings were perfectly cooked and very large. The only draw-back is the sides. We got french-fries and potato salad. The fries were great (according to my girlfriend) the potato salad although good the portion was incredibly small. It came in a 2 oz little plastic cup and was definitely not what I expected for $1.89 worth of potato salad which is why only 4 stars.Other than that this place is a smash hit, avoid the sides get the wings you can mix and match the flavors as well and you won't be disappointed at all.Watch out other wing places this is a serious contender in my opinion!
5	If you have not tried this place yet- YOU ARE MISSING OUT. These wings are rated 10 out of 10 in my book. I recommend the garlic Parmesan. They are very close to the ones I make. You can't beat their prices either. I will definitely frequent this place often!
4	Wings with a drive thru? Did the world stop and pick up some intelligent passengers. These wings are a Grand! Prices are more than fair, great flavors, and for the nugget fans, they have Bayou Bites! I am gonna get fat!!
5	We got the Bayou Bites & they were really good.. Definitely impressed by the quality of the chicken!! They don't come tossed yet but we did try their different sauces, The Sweet Heat is a sweet chili perfectly made, The Bomb which is Hot, Mango Habanero, & The Voodoo which has some gentle heat!! All the sauces were good & the ranch was also well made!!! Owner was really cool too!!! Definitely going back!!!
5	I came in and had the Voodoo flavored wings and I thought they were great. The price is reasonable for the high-quality wings you get. I took 24 of the Teriyaki and Voodoo back to my shop for the guys, and they ripped them to shreds. I guess they liked them too. ;-)
4	So this place took over Guthrie's in which I loved there chicken strips. While Guthrie's had shut down they always maintained a sign that said they would reopen soon. Fortunately that never happened and now we've been blessed with Voodoo Wings which in my opinion is a great value for both great tasting food and price. I ordered lemon pepper wings which tasted great slightly a little greasy but the flavor was wonderful. The wings had a lot of meat not not like other wing places where they give like a bite of meat on each side. They were brown and crispy enough for me I couldn't have ask for another more but less grease. The wings came withe 4 sticks of celery which would have been my only gripe because my celery was hot and I can't stand hot celery sticks. I understand that it might be done to keep costs down but place in a sandwich bag or something so that they aren't hot not the same container as the wings.Moving on the restaurant looked great in the inside not your normal mom and pop restaurant it was crawling with families and what liked is that the tv that Guthrie's remained and it always had some type of sports which was awesome. Customer service could use a small upgrade there was a lot of teens working in which some were great and some weren't which was pretty much a direct reflection of the management and what they allowed. All in all I would definitely return.
5	I'm kind of a wing snob, so I was leary trying some place I'd never heard of, but am I glad I did.  I was disappointed to see that Guthrie's had gone out of business since I think they were much better than Cane's.  This was really just a trial run I was giving Voodoo so I just went basic with 9 mild wings.  They were great. Much better than I had ever expected.  They were very meaty and the sauce was excellent.   I hate all these places that have anorexic looking wings, this place does not have that problem.  I will definitely be back to try some different flavors and sides.  The fact that this place has a drive trough just makes it that much better.  A drive thru wing place ROCKS!  They need a website though.
4	Just tried Voodoo Wing Co for the first time and it was pretty darn good. We split a 12 piece combo half lemon pepper and half Voodoo sauce. Both were good but I like some kick so the Voodoo was my choice of the two. I might kick it up a notch tho and try the Mango Habanera next time. So grab a couple friends for lunch or dinner and let's keep this place rocking, I like having a wing spot in the hood and I'll be back for sure...See ya there..!!
2	Voodoo round 2.. Ordered 12 wings and two pies.. They forgot half my order and I didn't notice until I got home.. The food is tasty but service needs attention. Step it up or you'll be gone the way of Gutheries.
5	I live not to far from here so I stopped in to give it a try & I am soooo glad that I did! This place is everything! Their wings are hot and fresh every single time ... Not only that, but  they are HUGE! waaaayyyy more meat then BWW or Wing Stop and they are much faster than them as well .... not to mention better priced as well!I waited no more than 10 minutes for an order of 9 lemon pepper wings, 9 mango habanero wings, 12 hot wings and a bites combo . They also come with celery and sauce, which is a nice difference from the other wing places as well . My husband is super picky about his lemon pepper chicken, but he absolutely loves theirs! We will continue to be frequent customers!!
4	I am a regular. ..  I really enjoy their wings.I was disappointed as i stopped by at 9:30, they close at 10, as they were moping the dining area.As much as i wanted an order of wings, i left as the smell of the  moping was overpowering. I did not see the manager present so i have a feeling the crew wanted to get out early.If I saw her, i would have said something. I did walk in, looked around and then walked out.  In the future I will give them another chance and drive by to see if they started to close before closing time.The next time i see the manager, i will let her know of my experience.I might add that the staff is very friendly. ..
3	I had a bad experience at first with the workers attitudes, but I didn't post. I did end up liking the food and the second experience was better. I will go back and the fried pickles are yummy but very very salty.
4	I would just like to add the last I visited I purchased the garlic parmesan  wings and they were delicious. The grease was fresh and they weren't all dark loved. I also have to say thanks to the management I'm sure if they read my review but the celery was not in the same container as the wings, I so thank them for it.
5	Walking in the place looks pretty sweet! The food is amazing and the employees are friendly. I highly recommend this place to eat! For a person that doesn't really prefer Dr. Pepper this place has amazing Dr. Pepper. I plan on coming back!!! Ohhhh yeah and they have a drive thru for those lazy "a.f" mofos. (^_^).
4	I was really excited to try this place after reading the reviews and it's fairly close to home. Upon entering the cashier was very friendly and helpful since we had never been before. We decided to dine in, and the young lady said she would bring our food as soon as it was ready. Once she brought our food I realized she had forgot our ranch no big deal except she only gave me one and I ask for another since we had two meals. She explained that would cost extra, so I ask then why would you ask if I wanted ranch when I ordered. She ended up giving it to me at no extra cost. I was just a little annoyed by that. The wings were nice and hot and had plenty of meat. And I was pleasantly surprised that the boneless wings were so tasty!! Normally I stay away from boneless because they are breaded so much and there's no meat; but not here!! I was a little disappointed to find the French fries were hot since the wings seemed to be so fresh. And next time if your not going to clean your celery at least cut off the dirty parts before serving to costumers. Thank god I didn't see the dirt until I was basically done eating or that would have ruined my appetite, seeing how they were on the side of my wings. Over all decent place I will be back to try again.
3	I love chicken wings so I was super excited when this place opened up. It's not far from my house and has a drive thru, yay for laziness. So I finally checked them out and I was really disappointed. I asked the girl who was taking my order what the best flavors were, she said she liked the garlic parm and voodoo. Voodoo is a sriracha and soy sauce mix, it sounded good so I went with her recommendations. I got 12 wings, 6 of each flavor, and an order of fries. The food came out within 5-7 minutes. The chicken was hot and the skin was crispy! The fries were hot and crispy too. Sadly the flavors did NOT live up to my expectations. The garlic parmesan were sooooo garlicky and they were drowning in butter. I love garlic but they put sooooo much that I still reek of it the next day. The voodoo wings were a bit spicy but super salty, probably from the soy sauce. Not a good combination imo. I will be back and will probably try teriyaki wings as those are my favorite.
5	OMG!!! Think I had a foodgasm..:) I was having a lazy day and was craving wings. I was going to order wings from one of the local pizza places, but decided to check out  Yelp before ordering. I found Voodoo Wing Co, and when I saw the size of the wings got dressed and headed out. The service at the drive-thru was pretty quick and the young lady there very nice. I told her it was my first time and she recommended that I mix up the flavors of the wings. I got a side of fries and cole slaw to go with the wings. The cole slaw was crunchy and fresh. The wings were large, hot, and juicy. The fries were hot and flavorful. They give you a lot of fries and I was surprised at the size of the cole slaw. Pretty big. I will definitely go back!!  it was worth the effort to brave the cold. Two Thumbs Up!!!!!
3	Stopped by VooDoo Wings after some holiday shopping, also known as buying myself a new phone. The wings were, but not amazing. They don't do half flavors on the 6 pack of wings, but they will if you get 9 or more. I also got the fried pickles as a side. I decided on Voodoo, which is kind of sweet with sriracha sauce, and Mango Habanero, which is supposed to be hot. Both were actually sweet, and not very hot at all, so don't be afraid to try the hotter sounding flavors. The fried pickles were, not as good as I've had back home, but better than anything else here. The store was clean, and the girl behind the counter was sweet. She even brought the food out to me. They also have a drive-thru, which is nice. Overall, I wasn't terribly impressed with the place, but they're ok for fast food wings.
5	My husband, son and I stopped in for some wings after driving by this place earlier. We were greeted with such a friendly woman, Liz I think her name was. She's so awesome with a sweet southern charm. Now, the food...AMAZING! The garlic parmesean flavor is great. And do yourself a favor, try the fried pickles! OMG! Try this place. You won't be disappointed.
2	I have been to this place twice and both times my order was incorrect. Nice people though, but I would like my order not to be messed up especially when I have to wait 20 minutes.
3	I was greeted immediately when I walked in the door for lunch on a Thursday afternoon. I ordered the bayou bites rolled in mango habanero (which cost me $1 extra), with honey mustard dipping sauce. The chicken was good quality white meat, with good flavors. The mango habanero really negated the need for any dipping sauce. To charge an extra buck for added flavor seems odd. The fries that came with the meal were okay, and could have been cooked a little longer.I wouldn't argue if someone wanted to go here for lunch, but I also don't see me making any special effort to return. Personally, I prefer the much larger selection of boneless wings and sauces offered by Buffalo Wild Wings -- and I can get a beer there, which is not an option at VooDoo Wing Co.
2	We were pleased to see a wing joint open up in the near vicinity of our home. This used to be the home of Guthrie's Chicken and although my husband was a fan, I was not sad to see it go. After reading some reviews I decided to give this place a shot. I do like the fact that you can place your order ahead of time through the eat24 website, in addition to having a drive thru if you're feeling extra lazy or are on the go. My complaint about their menu on the eat24 website is that there is no description of the wing sauce flavors. So I can choose the "voodoo" flavor, but what is it? In any case, we opted for six voodoo wings, six hot and sweet, and an order of garlic parmesan bayou bites (boneless). The voodoo is suppose to be a mix of sriracha and soy sauce, but it did not have too much flavor. Hot and sweet was kind of like mango habanero at BWW with much less heat. The bayou bites flavor was good but they were super greasy.I think the price point is right for the mass produced on the go wings -- it is $4.99 for six wings. The sides they offer are pretty limited and to the point consisting of fries, fried pickles, and cole slaw. I would rate this joint well below Buffalo Wild Wings in flavor and quality, but are a decent option if you are on the go and are craving some wings.
3	Wings were good, but nothing spectacular. Restaurant was clean and good customer service. Also, drive through window.
5	Crispy, spicy, crunchy, tangy, juicy, sweet, garlicky, these wings will mesmerize you. Forget about waiting for BWW's 50 cent special. These Voodoo wings have a great portion of meat on them therefore the crispy outside meets the juicy moist inside. They do the flavors well, and there is something for everyone. They even offer honey mustard as a sauce. They even have a drive through so 5 stars all the way around. Service is also very quick and very decently priced. The servers know the menu and can describe the sauces, very well managed and educated.
4	After passing by this place multiple times my bf & I finally decided to try Voodoo wings. I was extremely hesitant because good wings in vegas are rare and most places don't cook them right I got a 6 piece mild w/ bbq & my bf got a 9 piece lemon pepper hot. I was PLEASANTLY surprised the wings were great !!! Fried perfectly and the sauces were really good too. The only reason why I had to minus one star was for pricing. I thought they were a little on the expensive side compared to other wing places. I will be returning !!
4	Wings are delicious, lemon pepper are my favorite and reasonably priced and fast. Fried pickels are bomb too, Only problem i had was the kids working there kind of a dont care attitude but the older employees were good
1	Who the heck has a wing restaurant in las Vegas that closes at 10pm on a Saturday night? Waste of time!
5	I stopped in to try this place and the Wings with the Voo Doo sauce and they were excellent and so was the Cole Slaw. I will be here again
5	This place replaced Guthrie's on Cheyenne and Rainbow and I'm ecstatic. I have only gone through the drive thru, and while it might take a few minutes longer than I'd like, the food isalways worth the wait. The fried pickles are just ridiculously good, so crunchy on the outside. I really like the wings as well and while they may not have as many flavored of wing sauce as other places, the wings are cooked perfectly and the flavors are tasty. Two thumbs up.
5	Great sauces!!  Garlic Parmesan delicious and bomb was pretty hot!!  The wings were crispy and hot. Great service as well!
