5	Although I'm currently sitting in the pedicure chair, I have been here a grip of times and absolutely love Smiley Nails!!! Super convenient (right by Bank of America, Sakana Sushi, AND my office), reasonable prices, great service, and SUPER friendly staff!!! 8 pedicure chairs, 8 nail stations , and a waxing room. Relatively small but I have never had a wait.You can consider me a regular!!!
2	We're going to find a different nail place in the Ahwatukee area next time we need a mani/pedi. Although the staff was very nice I was rushed through both my pedicure and manicure despite there being no wait (but it was a full house). I was done with both the pedicure and manicure by the time my mom was done with her pedicure.My feet were left rough and polish was sloppy. The polish for my manicure was bubbly and not cleaned from my cuticles. Pricing is average compared to similar nail salons.
3	The nail techs are very nice, especially the gentlemen I had. But I got what I paid for. $30 for a mani/pedi. Polish wasn't awesome. But they did a fantastic job on my cuticles. I won't return here (I fear I'm too picky) but they were a fun group!
5	Becca is the BOMB! I have been going to her for almost 10 years. She is SUPER friendly, and more importantly VERY good at what she does!Anything from Mani/Pedi to Acrylics.. or even freehand art design on your lil piggies.. Becca will make you look fabulous.I like to call ahead of time and ask if Becca is available. If I'm in a rush for a pedi and she can't fit me in (RARE OCCASION because Becca can ALWAYS squeeze you in somewhere) Go to her brother Henry! He is hilarious! And handles you with just as much care.Any time I pay extra for Becca to freehand something artsy over my nails, I tell her to do whatever she wants to do.. and Voila! It comes out GORGEOUS! I get compliments even when I'm WAY overdue.When I used to religiously get Acrylics, I had a hard time being available for fills every 2 weeks. Most nail salons will make you take them off if you've waited longer than 2-3weeks and start all over again with an expensive new set.. But not Becca. She knows her stuff, and will take care of you even when you're overdue!Tell her Brandee sent you!
5	I love the girls there. I get my eyebrows done every two weeks and I get my nails done there as often as I can. Recently, I just did the gel nails (just the gel polish not like the fake nail stuff) and I LOVE it. I can't tell you how happy I am that I did it. I always just did my toes because I'd always manage to goof up my fingernails in the first hour after I get them done- but with gels, you can't do that because after they're put under the UV Light, they dry immediately. No goof ups! Plus, they don't chip. The lady said they'd last around two weeks. I'm so happy with them. It's been a week and they still look pretty good. :)
2	Looking for a new nail place, this was convenient. Very average job though. Got a pedicure. People not that friendly. Place looked average clean. I decided not to get nails done there and probably will not go back.
5	Becca is awesome! A few of the folks there aren't the most outgoing and before I started going to Becca regularly I wasn't thrilled with the mani-padi, but Becca fixed all of that. I've been going there for close to 10 years. Even though I live in Mesa, Becca at Smiley Nails is my first choice for mani/pedi and waxing.
2	I don't get my nails done a lot. Can't remember the last time I had a manicure. I had a holiday party and realized that I really needed one. Smiley Nails was empty and able to take me right away- I was the only customer. It was the person that did the manicure that I have an issue with. I did not get her name, I don't know if she told me, and don't remember seeing any tag or sign at her station. She demonstrated the ability to speak English well enough to find out what I wanted but did not speak for the rest of the visit. I don't mind people who are quiet, but she kept making comments over her shoulder to her coworkers in their native language- that is just rude.Also, I had a nasty papercut on my thumb that had just scabbed and stopped hurting. Despite me telling her twice that it was a scab and not dirt, she scraped it off- ouch.I've seen some reviews that were positive but it looks as if it is a specific employee who is getting them. If I had known that, I would have asked for them. I will not be going back.I actually do plan on continuing to get manicures- my nails really did look better, just not there.
