5	Great food, great atmosphere (right in royal mile)!  had a nice fancy dinner with friends, had awesome sangrias and margherita pizza.  Would return in a heartbeat!
4	Food was pretty decent for a last minute pick. We chose to eat here because it is right in front of the V theater and we were waiting for a show.   Food was good and service excellent.
3	Only two reviews from this place- wow! OK, so I'm going to give you the good the bad and the ugly.My friends and I used to LOVE this place because they offered an all you can drink Mimosa/Bellini special on Sundays. We could have shut this place down, but we more then made up for it with all the food we ordered.This must have been back in 2007-2009 or something. The bread is amazing! If you don't like pasta then go for the anti-pasti platters and you won't be sorry. If you want some peace and quiet, opt for a table indoors. To people watch, sit on their patio. Fair warning, the patio seating is rather tight.Fast forward to current day and I had to take away one star. I think our waitress was having an off day so I don't really want to blame everything on her BUT it played a huge part in our overall experience, which is the bottom line when you dine at any restaurant. Anyway, I was trying to be friendly, joking with her about their old specials while my friends were looking over the drink menu. She evidently wasn't having any of it. We wanted to order the focaccia bread appetizer which is a slam dunk, but she suggested we order ourselves entries because it would come with a side of focaccia. We ended up ordering a salad and two entries. One of my gal pals and I ordered a Pumpkin Martini each. Our dishes arrived before the bread, but we didn't think anything of it because we were so hungry. Our water glasses were all empty along with our adult beverage glasses. Being that the food is rather rich, we stopped eating. Our waitress never bothered to come by and see if everything was OK so we flagged down a different one to refill our glasses.  Under my breathe I quietly said to my friends, "Our waitress is terrible." I think she heard me because after that she finally stopped by to see if we wanted another martini. At this point I was annoyed because she was catering to her other tables more than ours. I asked about our order of focaccia. She looked at us funny and then said she was so sorry it didn't come. The next words she uttered were just plain wrong... "Ummm, do you still want me to put in the order for you?" Granted we were a table of 3 and now very upset women who only came to this place specifically for the bread. Nodding yes, we all kind of grumbled to ourselves and promised to take a break from this place.
2	I will be honest   The food was just ok been to plenty of Italian restaurants and this lace serves small portions and the service was pretty bad we never got a water refilled and for a so called home made pasta place it just doesn't cut it ,,,for around 18'.00 a plate which isn't high it should either fill you upor at least tantalize your taste buds ,,,it did neither,,,my stepson had lasagne which tasted an looked like some version of a Mac and cheese dish...won't be back went on jan 3 2013
4	Delicious Osso Bucco and the kids loved the spaghetti and meatballs.  Conveniently located near the theatre to watch the Variety Show.
5	Service by Johnny was great. I have had the Ausso Buco twice now and it was awesome falling off the bone. I recommend sitting outside as to see all the people go by.
3	While in town on business, I had an early dinner appointment open up, so I decided to come to Planet Hollywood so I could eat & maybe do some shopping as well before heading back to the airport. I looked up the restaurants online & inteded on going to Yolo's (a Mexican cantina inside the casino), but as I was walking through the Miracle Mile shops, I came across this place & started craving Italian.The ambiance is nice. They have a setting for most every need... long & secluded tables for large groups to make it feel family-style, regular seating inside, bar seating with a TV, or patio seating "outside" the restaurant to people watch. The music is kinda loud coming from the Miracle Mile walkway & the A/C was up way too high, so it was freezing cold, but the decor is a nice cross between olde world Italia & contemporary flare, so, overall, it was pleasant.I came around 3pm, which is after the lunch crowd & before the dinner crowd, so it was pretty empty. They were still serving off the lunch menu, which I'm glad about, because it was a tad bit pricy, so I can imagine what their dinner prices are like.As for the food..... delish!! I ordered the Paglia e Fieno which is made with tagliolini pasta (like a flat linguini), chicken, mushrooms, truffle oil & cream sauce. I've never had tagliolini before. Typically, I would've substituted that for fettuccini noodles, but since I've been trying to "try something new" in 2013, I kept it as-is. Glad I did too... I really liked it! I did substitute broccoli instead of chicken, & they cooked it perfectly... not all mushy, yet not raw. The mushrooms were tasty without being overbearing & the cream sauce had a nice consistency & was garlicy. It was a terriffic dish!I do have to note... after reading another Yelper's review about how good their house bread is, but the difficulty they had in actually receiving any, I was looking forward to getting some which came with my meal, according to the menu. Well, it didn't come out with my meal. After a few moments, I realized this & stopped my waitress asking her, "excuse me, does this come with bread?" She suddendly seemed a bit irritated & replied, "oh, do you want some?" This was almost exactly the same snippy reply the other Yelper got, so I'm guessing this was the same waitress &, no, she wasn't just having an off day. And when she brought the bread out without any butter or anything & I asked her for some oil & vinegar, she acted like it was such a task! Very strange, because other than this bread ordeal, she was a pretty good waitress.... what is it about this bread?! Lol (Minus 1 star)Anywho, like I said, other than that, the experience was fine & the food was great. I'll probably be back.
3	I would go back to Lombardi's to get their gluten free pizza in a heartbeat. However, I will be getting a take out order.I am not a snot about service, but I was in the food industry as a server for about five years so I have a good idea of the rhythm of a restaurant and don't get surly when service isn't up to par. However, at Lombardi's, there was really no exception.We ordered an entree salad to start off with that was somewhat delicious, but the grilled chicken was bitter and charred instead of sweet and tender with some grill marks. We only had bread plates on the table to eat a salad with avocado, chicken, lettuce, cheese, etc. The server dropped off the salad and left. No salad plates. So the salad fell onto the table and was an inconvenience to eat. They even filled our waters, saw the salad on the bread plate and still, nothing. For entrees, we ordered their gluten free pizza with parmesan, prosciutto and arugula and then the gluten free pasta dish with mussels, clams, shrimp and scallops. The pizza? It was very good. I like my pizza with a crispier crust, but it was still delicious and cooked in the brick stove which is great. I will get it well done next time, but even without the crispy crust, it was DELICIOUS and I would eat it everyday if I could. The pasta? My husband thought it was okay, but I am used to eating gluten free pasta dishes at restaurants like Maggiano's, Olive Garden and many others. This pasta dish was borderline terrible. Had he not eaten it, I would have sent it back and I NEVER send back food unless it's terrible. For $24.00 there were two mussels that were not cleaned so I cracked my teeth on dirt and they didn't taste right, then two clams, three scallops and two shrimp. They swam in a barely seasoned seafood cream sauce which may have been more delicious if they added some cheese and seasoning! Basil, grated parmesan cheese and some red chili flakes with appropriate seasoning would have made it so much better. The rice noodles are bland. I suggest corn or quinoa pasta...it adds to a dish...rice noodles add to a dish like Pho which has tons of flavor.I will pay a great amount of money for good food, but if I'm spending $25 for a dish, am never given entree or salad plates, am asked 10 minutes (after it took 20 minutes to get my food on an absolute empty night)how my food was, I expect more. Sorry :(
4	Lombardis is a great place on the strip, they make fresh pasta and so far the best pizza in town, that's from my Italian friends!!
5	I have no issue saying I'm wrong. After going to Lombardi's for a second time last night, I will be a regular at this location for a very, very long time.I wanted gluten free pizza, and we were staying in PH, so we decided to grab some pizza from Lombardi's and then walk around. My husband convinced me to give them another chance and we sat down for some lunch. This time, we grabbed a couple cocktails, one Cosmopolitan creation and an Italian Margarita. Delicious. My drink was perfect, not too sweet, just perfect. His was just the way he wanted it, a little sweeter but with a nice bitter kick and a little salty. Yum.Now, then they told me they were out of GF crusts. I was about to walk out, but I wanted to give this another go around and ordered their caprese salad and the Paglia a Fieno. Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back. The salad was perfect. Perfect marinated tomatoes, nice tang of vinaigrette, wonderfully fresh basil and oh that mozzarella. A little smokey, very smooth, the server, Matt, cracked some fresh pepper on top and BAM. MAGIC. I could eat that salad everyday for the rest of my life and never get sick of it.On to the pasta. If I could eat pasta and never gain another pound, this pasta would be my breakfast, lunch and dinner every single day. Amazing. The chicken was just slightly overcooked, but I still would have eaten that chicken anytime as long as it was in that pasta or that pasta was my reward. Gluten free pasta, mushrooms, a little hit of truffle oil and a perfect cream sauce. This is not an Olive Garden cream sauce. This is garlic, plus cream and then some cheese. This is a sauce that probably got them Zagat rated. This is my go to pasta. Anytime. Anywhere. A-FREAKING-MAZING.Finally, let me comment on the service. Last time, the service was horrible and bad enough for me to almost walk out because why am I paying this much for food when the service is wretched?  This time? This is an example of why this restaurant is Zagat rated. First of all, I saw the manager walking around and checking on tables and greeting guests. I firmly believe this is a manager's job and should be done everywhere. Our server, Matt, was perfect. He brought salad plates, explained the dishes, described the drinks perfectly, made us feel good about our food and drink choices, brought us freshly grated parmesan cheese with our meal, offered red chili flakes (a welcoming addition to the pasta), brought us entree plates since we had told him we were sharing our dish, filled the water glasses all the time and was just very warm and friendly. He told me that the reason they do not have the GF pizza crust is because they're revamping the crust so that it tastes more like regular pizza instead of a generic GF pizza and so that it is the size of their normal pizzas. The manager came over and said the same thing and was very friendly as well.Sorry about the novel, and I normally don't change my mind based off of one re-visit (and I normally do not revisit after that kind of experience), but this one was perfect, and I am confident this will continue for our many visits to come.
5	i love Lombardi's! their food is amazing and they have very good service. i was waited by someone named Cesar and he was very nice and checked on us all the time and we always had our food warm and our drinks were never empty! i cant wait to go back and eat their delicious food and enjoy of their great service.
4	This is the 3rd or 4th time we visit this restaurant and will definitely be back.I had the beef tenderloin, medium well, and it was delicious.My wife had the cioppino, which is not on the menu, and she loved it.  I would have tried it but I'm allergic to shrimp, and the last thing I want is an allergic reaction while in Vegas.For the two of us and two drinks, we paid about $90.00.Staff is attentive and courteous.  Usually, there is a photographer asking to take your photo to sell it to you later, but we lucked out this time and were missed.
2	service was horrible. Asked for a glass to 3 different ppl before i got a dirty one
2	Taylor swift was music was better then the food. portion size was eh. server wad cute but eh. nice location.
3	Not bad, but there are certainly other places to eat. Service is good the food is decent. This review is just for breakfast items.  The Benedict is a little bit dry, but I love the fact that they don't overcharge you for crab vs ham.  The best thing about this place is 7 dollar mimosas or bellinis, and 1 dollar refills!!!!!! Plus you can take it in sippy cup Togo!!! My gals and I had about 8 mimosas for 14 dollars, better than a price of one bottle of champagne .... Will certainly come back just for that inside Planet Hollywood.
2	Expensive, small portions, mediocre food. Go somewhere else!
1	So bland and basically terrible food. I'm Italian and I can't believe they dare call this Italian food. There's no garlic in anything and they only used dry herbs! Don't you dare go here if you've ever been to a good Italian place, you will be very disappointed.
1	My husband and I ate here before a show at the V Theatre. Absolutely the worst Italian food ever! I ordered lasagna and it was so bland and tasteless, just awful. My husband ordered Shrimp Scampi and it was so dry he had to order extra sauce. Still was not very good. We had the flatbread for an appetizer because our waiter did not offer to bring us bread (the sourdough bread basket was way better). Overall, I would never go there again, and would never recommend them to anyone. The only good thing about it was the outside seating area, people watching, and the access to the V Theatre.
5	OMG! This place was a desert oasis. Found it during breakfast. Best and freshest eggs in town. Met the owner Bradley. Turned us onto theatre ticks and came back for the gluten free pizza and pasta. Heaven and can I get an Amen!! Inside the mag mile planet Hollywood. Right across from V theatre. To die for!!  Thanks
2	I was just recently in Vegas this past week and was looking to try something new. I visit the Strip a few times a year and am always in search of something I have yet to try. Located in the hotel Paris, the atmosphere and decor around were pleasant. With a impersonating blue sky overhead, the area gives you a slight feel of Vegas' version of the great city. However, that is where the pluses seem to stop.Upon gazing over the menu, delicious descriptions of simple dishes give way to belief of something worth dinning on. This was not the case. The bread they brought out to us was bland and almost disgusting. It looked appealing, hence why I decided to try it. But to my surprise, it was way worse than I anticipated.I decided to order the chicken parmagana as my main dish. The description was great, and the smells of fresh food filled the air to accompany my appetite. When the dish arrived at the table, I was greeted by a, what I assume, previously frozen chicken cutlet topped with what tasted like canned tomato sauce. The dish had "processed" or frozen written all over it. However, to pay respects to the staff and chef, I finished my meal without verbal complaint. It is safe to say that I will not be stopping by this place again.
4	Dinner was great!  We had the blackened tilapia and the chicken Marcella dishes and both were delicious.  The tilapia was very spicy, which i love!  We had the chocolate cake dessert and it was heavenly!  Our service was goodmtoo!
4	We enjoyed our dinner here nice service and food was much better then some of the other italian/seafood spots in the miracle mile. I had the *Salmone alla Griglia 24.50 and my hubby had Fettucine Frutti di Mare 19.50  both nice and yummy we finished everything. Caesar salad little plain and skimpy but ok and flat bread and olive oil w balsamic vinegar to dip was nice. The inside was beautiful and the outside patio is nice to people watch also pretty fountain to gaze at. We will be back again.
1	Just ate at this restaurant and all 4 of us disliked our meals. Could not even finish my salad. Save your money and do not eat here. I'd give it less than 1 star if I could.
4	Reviews seem to range over an extreme for this restaurant but we had a very good experience on both food and service. Also, sitting outside the restaurant in the "faux" outdoor setting with the blue sky overhead provided a nice ambiance. The menu is pretty extensive so finding a good dish is easy.
3	Received free vouchers to this place as part of a VIP package from a close by timeshare sales pitch. The place is great in terms of service, cleanliness and location. The food however, not so good. We received a special menu since we had the free vouchers. This may have been why the food wasn't good - who knows. Alfredo was on par with something from the frozen isle at your local grocer. Sadly I won't be getting that dinner back but perhaps I can spare some of you the wasted time.
5	We shared two delicious pasta dishes!  The bread was excellent.  The service was great.  A lovely place to celebrate my birthday.
1	bleh not only did the food taste bad but the service was just as bad! I thought a restaurant with such ambiance would at least do good in food and service! We were sat outside of the dark lit restaurant so that we can people watch, and a table mat where you can color on, well that would be the extent of any positive experience at Lombardi. Our waitress didn't come to our table until 15 minutes later, we had these nann bread to suppress our hungry tummies. When it came to finally serving us she brought us our menu and walked away, she didn't come back until another 15 minutes later..I ordered the gnocchi and when it came out ..i swear it was like little puddles of orange balls..unappealing and unappetizing.
3	Food: 4 starsPrice: 3 starsAtmosphere/decor: 2.5 starsLet me start off with the food. I ordered the lasagna and one more pasta that had mushrooms and chicken in it. Both were delicious and both were portioned enough for my mom and I to be full. BUT i think that with the decor of the place and the price, I'm not sure if I would come back here. First off, who uses yellow table covers? I think that threw me off the most. It was so tacky and ugly looking that really, with the quality of food being produced from this place, if they only made this place look nice(starting with replacing those really really ugly yellow table covers) I'd pay $35 for the two portions of pasta. I know we're in vegas so prices are a bit more expensive, but I think that the setting of a place is just as important as anything else and they need to update their look. If prices were about $2-3 less, maybe the ugly table cloths will do.OH i also like that the bread came out nice and warm, and this was the first place that i've ever been to where they separate the olive oil from the balsamic vinegar using Parmesan cheese! what a brilliant idea EVERY Italian restaurant must do. I hate picking up mostly oil in my dip, but when its separated, i can have more vinegar and less oil.
5	Ordered pizza, pasta and couple appetizers. It was delicious! The drinks are amazing and they pour a good amount of alcohol!!! Our waiter was very cool with a good sense of humor. Totally will be back.PS: Blackberry Mojito was awesome!
4	We got free dinner and a show from hotel. They have a separate menu for these 'free' meals. They did offer to give credit toward full price item on regular menu. Food was good. The 'spicy' tilapia that I had was not spicy, but I think the blackening is probably enough that some people may find it spicy. We would not have gone there on our own. The free meal was good to get us to look at menu and choose it. Drinks tip and tax are not included.
3	Food was average to below average. I had better at major Italian chains for half the host. You pay for the location. Me and my wife got two salads and two simple pasta dishes for $70 no wine no dessert.
5	Pretty awesome choice when you need a vegetarian menu and a gluten free menu for your group of picky eaters. Lots of great dishes to choose from that will satisfy everyone in your group. Lots of different pastas, whole wheat, gluten free, lots of risottos, pizza, seafood and more. This place has a casual but classy atmosphere. We chose to sit inside as it was a bit quieter than the noisy faux patio mall area. The servers were all really accommodating and friendly too. I would definitely come here again. But beware of those annoying ladies taking photos of your table claiming they're "free". Once they bring the photo back to you in an ugly frame, they want you to pay $40 for it. Save your time and get your server to take your picture with your own camera. That's free.
5	I've been here a few times and I'm very happy with their delivery of great food and service. Close to authentic as possible, their offering is prepared with great attention to detail and splash of Italian passion.The service is always personable and thoughtful. Comfortable and yet treated with class.The "Pollo Arrosto" was my order but we had varieties of pasta. The Vongole's white wine, garlic sauce is subtle and yet addicting enough to want to run your baguette through and through after you're finished.Hard to find great Italian on the westside.
4	Stopped by for a quick lunch. Had fast service. The waiter wasn't moody when we got tap water and shared a meal, which was refreshing. They have "al fresco" dining which is kinda cheesy but good for people watching. The food was ok...not great enough for me to go back, but the service was great!
3	Our waiter, Sullivan, was really cool and helpful. They give you a big pizza-looking Focaccia bread - it's not too exciting though. We got the Paglia e fieno which was a favorite of Sullivan's...we thought it was just okay. It was $15, a little spendy for pasta.
5	Best pasta I've had in a long time.  Nice casual ambiance, Apolo is a very friendly waiter with excellent and attentive service.  Food came amazingly fast.  I'd recommend this as a great choice in the Miracle Mile mall.
3	We wanted to order gluten-free pasta and we were told to wait 40 minutes that should change the water in the pots. Anyone who wants to order pasta desirable to call to book in advance,
4	Located in Planet Hollywood.My family was walking around PH looking for a place to eat a casual dinner. Lombardi's hit the spot! We got seated without a wait, and got the "patio" area so got to people watch as well.Our server was fantastic. Super helpful and nice. He recommended some tasty dishes as well! It was with his recommendation that I tried the Manhattan clam chowder for the first time.The Manhattan clam chowder was SO good. Given that I have no prior experience, this was still super tasty. For my entree, I got the lasagna. The sauce was flavorful. Unfortunately, the noodle, cheese, and meat ratio was off. Not enough cheese and meat.
4	Quite good Italian cuisine. We sampled the lobster ravioli and the seafood diavolo and both were tasty. Service was likewise and I'd return again if in the area.
5	We had mojito and calamari! Man!!! It was delicious!! Plus fantastic service! Just perfect!!
3	The quality of the food and the flavor is definitely there. The portions, however, are very small. For example, I ordered a Caesar salad before my meal, and it came out on a small plate instead of a bowl. I paid $10 for a about 5 bites of salad. It tasted good, but I was hungry. I then had some ravioli. Delish! But again, I got about 6-7 raviolis on a regular sized dish-$18. I spent about $30 on myself alone and left hungry.
5	Who knew the super touristy Miracle Mile could have such a wonderful Italian restaurant??? The Happy Hour sign lured me in...the staff took excellent care of me, (a party of 1), on an extremely busy evening. The wine was SPOT ON and the Lobster Ravioli dinner was fabulous! I really enjoyed the olive oil/parmesan cheese/ balsamic vinegar bread dip! Highly recommend! Fair prices too! (Golden in Vegas!)
4	Came here with a dinner credit so menu options were very limited. (They actually give you a separate menu when you're dining with a credit.) I got the chicken Marsala which was very good, but also something I make at home fairly regularly so it wasn't anything to write home about. My husband and I shared a Nutella panna cotta for dessert and it was PHENOMENAL. I'm going to make an attempt to make it myself this weekend. It was definitely really good, but next time I'll order off the regular menu for something a little more adventurous.
4	Ordered the halibut and it was phenomenal. Even though the venue is inside I really like the "outdoor seating". Food was very quick. I would definitely come back.
4	It was located right across from Zombie Burlesque, the show we went to see so it was convenient. The restaurant opens up to the mall & fountain which is really great for people watching! The food is great & the service was good. Their focaccia bread fresh out of the oven is a nice touch! See a show at The V Theater or Saxe Theater & you can purchase a discounted dinner which is what we did & it's a great value!
5	OMG....this is our new favorite place to eat in Vegas and we come here a lot!  From Brad the host to Johnny our server and the chef that cook our food, this is def a 5 STAR restaurant!  We all had a different meal so we could taste each other's food and it was DELISH!    I can't remember the meal  names but it's all good!  Thank you guys for making up for the nightmarish restaurants we've had to endure since we arrived two days ago!
4	I love this place! I had their gluten free pasta and pizza. It was to die for. Usually after you eat pasta you will feel so stuffed, however after eating here I didn't feel "heavy" at all, which was pleasant :) Their waiters are so nice and friendly. This place is located inside the Miracle Mall where Planet Hollywood is, so it is a great place to stop by while you are shopping!
4	My daughter and I stoped there after a long day and wanted a nice sit down meal. Probably the best meal we've had in Vegas. A pizza will serve 2. We had a pasta dish and pizza and shared back and forth. The bottled iced teas are worth the charge and save room for dessert. My daughter had cheesecake and I had tiramisu. OMG is what I say to that dessert.
2	I'll make it quick: the best thing about this place was the amazing customer service and how fast the food came out which could be a bad thing depending on how you look at it. Our server was great and she appears to really like her job. As for the food, none of us were impressed. I got the risotto with scallops. For almost $20 I figured I would have gotten at least 3 scallops...nope only 2. Scallops were great but not the actual risotto. My daughters ordered the lasagna and alfredo, and the hubby ordered some meat dish. None of us finished our food and that says a lot. For the price we paid I guess I was expecting more. The fresh bread when we were first seated was nice. Fresh bread is always a bonus. So one and done.
2	Nothing to brag about. Go to Maggianos and never again going here. Cheap quality and overpriced
1	Not safe for celiacs!!! I just threw up all 80.00$
5	My wife and I had dinner here before the Zombie Burlesque show. We both had the Chopped Salad with Salmon. Honestly, one of the best salads we've ever had! Fresh ingredients and a large, perfectly cooked salmon filet. Plus our waitress, Amanda, was fantastic! Great food and great service! We'll be back!
4	Weer eens lekker Italiaans gegeten. Eten is heerlijk en perfecte bediening, Op zijn Italiaans kun je zeggen. Porties zijn erg groot !! Tip hou hier rekening mee bij het  bestellen. Als je even weg wil bij de Amerikaanse  keuken zeker doen. Karel en Mercedes  sept 2014
4	Had great food and wine here. Had salad, bruschetta and a flatbread. Delicious! A bit pricey but I would definitely come here again.
4	It's an Italian restaurant at Miracle Mall in Planet Hollywood. They are busy on the weekends, so reserve a table ahead of time. We reserved a table for 8:30PM and we got their around 8:30 sharp. It took them 10 minutes to get us seated at our table. We were served olive oil and balsamic vinegar with focaccia bread. I ordered risotto and my gf ordered gnocchi. The risotto was extra creamy, but the rice very chewy. The risotto was above the quality of many others I had in LV. The gnocchi that my gf had ordered was even better. The pasta and gnocchi is freshly made at this restaurant and you can certainly tell. We finished our meal with Tiramisu, which was also delicious.I would recommend checking out this location if you are craving Italian for dinner.
4	I was truly impressed with this restaurant, the service is just amazing! Every single individual worked very good on teams to try to provide the customers with a great experience. The food was also very good. I personally do not like too much marinara sauce and in this case the lasagna had just the right amount of sauce. I liked the fact that this allowed me to taste other flavors besides the sauce. We also had the shrimp scampi as an appetizer which was good as well. You get four jumbo shrimp with a delicious sauce on it! I would probably  recommend it. For our dessert we ordered the chocolate cake!!! I'm truly a sucker for melting chocolate and this was not an exception.  The cake was so soft and so filled with warm chocolate!!!!! It was delish! Overall, excellent customer with good food.
4	I had a 2pm reservation to meet with a friend at LRM for lunch. My friend showed up a 1/2 hour late but the staff at the host stand were so friendly and extremely accommodating they had no problem waiting the extra time for my friend to arrive. Charese came to greet us (the GM) and sat us at a fantastic table next the main drag of the Miracle Mile shops where we had a great view of the fountains  next to the 'V' theater. We were on a pre-fixed menu which consisted of a very tasty mixed blend salad with a savory vinaigrette dressing served with a crunchy flat bread. We had the seafood pasta which when it arrived didn't fill the plate and looked a bit small. I realized after the main course that it was definitely more than enough and I probably would not have been able to eat any more than I did. We ended the meal with a cappuccino and their delicious Tiramisu which had surprise dark chocolate chips in the center. Now, I'm of the school where you do not throw chocolate onto a Tiramisu just because it's brown and looks like coco. It's not a chocolate cake, it's a COFFEE dessert. But I have to say that the dark chocolate chips made the desert taste like a cafe mocha which was delightful.All-in-all I would say that my experience with LRM was well worth a visit to Planet Hollywood Casino and the Miracle Mile Shops. Kudos to Charese who was such a joy to talk to, and to Sarah (our waitress) who served us with a smile.
5	My wife and I hosted our reception here following our wedding and had a wonderful experience.  Staying in Planet Hollywood it was an extremely convenient location for us.  We worked with Lombardi's to set up a prix fixe meal for 31 people with an appetizer, three entree selections, and a dessert.  The staff was very attentive filling drinks and keeping the bread plates coming for our guests.  My wife and I loved the food and heard many compliments from our guests as well.  Highly recommended!
5	They have an entire gluten free menu!!! We ordered (all gluten free) the chef's focaccia, the Capelli D'Angelo pasta, and a pepperoni pizza and it was all delicious! This was among the best gluten free Italian food I have ever had. The portions are very large...we were both stuffed and had food left over.The staff is great! The hostess was very friendly and our server was fabulous! I highly recommend Lombardi's for all of my gluten challenged comrades...you will not be sorry.
5	This was the best meal we had in Vegas! Perfectly cooked fish, tasty ravioli, good chopped salad and coffee soooo delicious you don't need cream or sugar. We were seated promptly and our food came out much quicker than we expected. This is in the Miracle Mile shopping center across from Popovich pet circus.
3	Stopped by just for dessert and drinks late on Saturday night.  We had hunted down a good tiramisu and came here.  Ordered the tiramisu and a couple of sangria. Tiramisu was A+ and while the sangria itself was good, it was served in a wine glass, filled to the top with ice, then a very small amount of sangria.   Not how it is normally served which kind of ruined it for us.
4	The atmosphere was excellent, smooth jazz playing in a contemporary italian theme. Service was great. Very attentive waitor and the plates were removed from the table as soon as your done eating.Had pan seared  halibut with roasted asparagus and mashed potatoes. The halibut was over cooked but the asparagus was cooked perfectly. The white wine  butter sauce with lemon  confit was absolutely amazing. Drizzled over the mashed potatoes was a necessary complement. And great ice tea.Definitely  will eat here again tho. As far as price. Not bad 25 bucks a plate!
3	Food and service were pretty good here. I'll give this place that. My friend and I went here because we had coupons for a comedy show immediately afterwards. The pre-theatre menu has a very limited selection, but the available choices are decent.Our meal started with the complimentary foccacia bread with rosemary olive oil and parmesan cheese. Then we got our salads. I got the Caesar salad while my friend got the house salad. Then came the entrees. I got the Fettucine Alfredo while my friend got the Rigatoni Bolognese. All of the food was pretty good.What keeps this place from getting anything above 3 stars was when we got the bill at the end. The meals were free since we had the coupons from the V theatre across the way, but we would still have to leave tip. The value of the entire meal was listed as $70! I was floored when I saw that number because there was no way the meals we got could have cost that much. For fun we went ahead and added up the cost of everything, assuming the foccacia bread was complimentary. The total was only about $50. When we added the cost of the foccacia bread, the total value was $58. Where did the remaining $12 come from? And if the foccacia bread is in fact complimentary, where did that extra $20 come from? Even with the 8.1% sales tax, the highest total ends up being $63. There was no way we were going to leave a 15-20% tip based on $70, when that was much higher than actual value of the meal!This is probably the better place inside the Miracle Mall to go to for a pre-theatre meal. Just be warned, the free meal does not include everything on the dinner menu and they will try to squeeze more money out of you thru drinks, desserts, and tip. But then again, this is Vegas so any place can try to reel you in with something "free" and still take your money!
3	We went here as a part of the package we got from V theater for their show. Usually when you go some place that is contracted with a theater the fixed menu and servers aren't that great but that was not the case with this place. The server was very attentive and friendly. The chicken marsala and caesar salad was decent. It was a great experience.
5	Our food was fantastic! And our server, Monique was amazing!!! Her attention to detail, and excellent customer service was exemplary!!! Thanks for a great meal and a fun night....
