4	We bought VIP tickets to go see her show at Tix4Tonight.  It was a lot of fun, and it was nice to see a comedienne who doesn't have to swear to make us laugh.  And because we got VIP seating, we got to take a picture with her before the show.
4	Rita Rudner is an amazing talent.She comes on stage and just seems to welcome you into her world for about 90 minutes.Her comedy relates to women, shopping, relationships ... etc.It is non stop laughs.She has an amazing ability to remember people. She will pick out some people in the front row, ask them some questions .....where are you from ..... etcThen through the whole show she will refer back to the four or five people by name.It is a supurb gift....... and she uses it well.This is a show that everyone will enjoy.I am amazed that the New York - New York let her get away to Harrah's.....Just a great evening of fun.
2	I like Rita--please don't get me wrong. The humor is mildly funny; she's clean (almost no swearing); she's soft-spoken. We only really liked the first 15 minutes, though. Her humor is *entirely* middle-aged straight people stereotype-based. Not only that, if you've read her books, then you've read a lot of the jokes. It gets old fast. The show is grossly overpriced. I paid $63 dollars to see Rita's show. That is the same amount that I paid to see 'Jersey Boys' 2 days ago, an excellent show that featured 4 very talented vocalists, an orchestra and some pretty darn talented acting. Rita's show features Rita telling jokes that you've heard before. Here: Women like to shop. Men are lazy. I hate my mother in law. I can't cook. I feel bad about my body, which reinforces my need to shop.I like Rita, but you just heard the whole show. If you must see Rita because she's Rita and you already love her, OR if you are 55 years old, married, heterosexual and white, then you should totally go. If you're looking for really funny, original laughs, go see something else.
3	Rita Rudner, the queen of the one-liners, delivered again last night! My mom is a HUGE fan of Rita's so for her birthday, I got us VIP tickets to her show. VIP included: meet & greet with Rita, a photo and close seats to the stage. Rita was very sweet and took two photos with everyone. She came on stage around 8:40pm and did an hour's worth of comedy. If you don't know her comedy, she talks alot about relationships, the differences between men and women and just everyday funny things. She has a very clean show, which would be good for anyone. Her delivery is perfect and she has some great talent. I was a little surprised that it seemed a little rehearsed where some comedians it's like they are just saying the stuff off the top of their head. Ya know? I agree that a few of her jokes are a little outdated for Vegas standards. (at least the locals can pickup on that kind of stuff) I was also surprised at the end when she asked if anyone had any questions and no one did. She didn't transition very well from the end of her routine to the question asking. I thought for sure that people would have some questions for her. Ah well. My mom really enjoyed the show and I was happy to take her  to see Rita's show on her birthday!
4	Her timing is impeccable and she does a very clean show.  She shares anecdotes about everyday things with a slightly jaded perspective.  I really liked the show--there were some real laugh out loud moments especially when she compared the things that women would never say as opposed to what men would never say- I just wished it wasn't so hetero.  I wish Las Vegas wasn't so hetero either!  Isn't it time for a gay casino?
4	Rita Rudner was classic. I went about a week ago not knowing what to expect. She ended up charming the pants off the audience with her personality and story telling. She kept it mainly pg, but you could tell she had some r rated stuff in her arsenal. Although i didn't pee my pants, i was laughing throughout the whole show.
4	Although she tries to relate to the men in the crowd, her jokes play best with the 50 and over female crowd.  For me, she was not laugh out loud funny, but her marital observations and gender differences remarks were right on target justifying the four star rating.
5	I think that I can safely say that there were few things that my father and I agreed on....Rita Rudner happens to be one of them.  She is hilarious and her show is just terrific.  She had me in stitches from start to end.  My husband likes his humor a little "raunchier" but RR is right up my alley.  She manages to be whitty and smart without being crass or swearing or the like.  She is just a class act.  Impeccable timing...funny stories about her English husband and her dog just makes it al the more personal and funny.  I love her wardrobe.  She is just the best best best!!!!
3	I am torn between a three and a four. She is probably one of a very few number of comedians who doesn't swear. I don't know ! I think just standing up and trying to get a few laughs without vulgar language would be a feat by itself. She is funny in sort of a pg13 kind of way. Probably good if you have teenagers that you want to take to the show with you.
4	Just saw her a couple of weeks ago.Loved her style.Clean and personal.No foul words, and still can be funny.Something for the newer brands of comedians to learn.Foul languages does not equal to funny.
5	We loved it!  Rita did a great show and we couldn't have laughed more!  I had a interesting party with me, my 11 year old step daughter who has never watched a comedy show and my mother in law that lost her husband less than a month earlier.  I was so happy to see both of them laugh so hard and for my mother in law, it was the best seeing her smile and laugh again.  Rita was charming and came across like the kind of gal you'd love to have over to the house and we didn't have to worry about the foul language and inappropriate material for my step daughter - with the exception of the one time "A-hole" which had us all in stitches.  Very relatable material - we LOVED it.
