5	This is a brand new Texas Roadhouse opened up closer to me (yea) and I finally ate there for the first time last night.  I do not know if its because its new or what, but the service was out of this world and the food portions were HUGE.  It was probably one of the best Texas Roadhouse that I have ever ate at. I had the ribs (of course - you don't go here for any other reason) and the pulled pork. and get that most every time I go.  They have the best Chili I have ever tasted, and I just love the service and atmosphere.  If you live near this area and are wanting to find a place with good ribs then STOP LOOKING - you found it. One other thing to note is that most of the time you eat here you have a wait, but they did this location right.  They did a HUGE waiting area inside with air conditioning, and for those of you that have ate over at the other Gilbert location ... you know that's a BIG deal.  I think they thought of everything, now I just have to remember to not eat so much when I go there!
4	My dad and I make it to Texas Roadhouse at least once a month just to eat their fresh rolls with cinnamon butter.  Everyone is on a budget these days and the food is a super bargain!  I've had the ribs, steak, and prime rib and they have all tasted great.  I know it's a chain restaurant and all, but the food and prices make it worthy of a visit.
5	Our waitress Sylvia rules. You are lucky if you get her!!  Fall off the bone ribs were perfect today.  bread was amazing!!!  If you have never tried the chili .... go right now and try it .... holy crap its good
2	I thought I would treat myself to food that didn't come from a drive thru window tonight, so I drove a little further for dinner this evening. I have been to Texas Roadhouse multiple times - I love the rolls and the sweet tea. The first thing that was interesting tonight was the pager - they called it a pager, but it wasn't the typical pager device restaurants use - it was a piece of printed receipt paper with a number on it...did the recession kill pagers? Even more interesting was that they gave us a "pager" even though there was one couple in front of us and the wait was about 2 minutes. The bread came out and was hot and excellent as always. The waitress was a bit overly perky - like Spartan Cheerleader perky. Maybe I am getting older, but the place was loud - I could barely hear from friend talking to me. The tea was definitely past-peak; the first glass was better than the second. My friend ordered the roasted chicken and was pleased with the meal. I went with the sirloin and ordered it medium. The waitress brought the meals and I started on the sides, so when she asked how it was, it was fine. When I got to the steak it was well done - no pink, dry and chewy. Now the waitress wasn't to be found. When she finally returned she asked how it was and I let her know it was too well done. She did offer a new one, but I had things to get to, so I declined. She did take it off the bill. The atmosphere was a negative for being loud, the steak was a negative for being miscooked. Although overly spunky, the service was good and she did offer to correct the food. i left her a descent tip, but left unpleased. Dinner ended up coming from a drive thru window afterall as I hit up Wendy's on the way out (and it was overcooked too) :-(
4	Steak, beer, peanuts and you dont have to clean up whats not to like? You will find all of the above at this joint. I was surpised that the food was decent and my steak was very good. The prices were ok and the happy hour beer specials were great. The best part was that I had two small children with me and they could make a mess with the peanuts and I didn't have to worry about it. If you have children you will fit in with the crowd before 7:30. If you don't, I would suggest you come in after 730 to avoid all the kids.
1	Texas Roadhouse should make every native Arizonan absolutely sick to their stomach...  The steak is anything but good, and they actually have a mounted saddle that unsuspecting patrons have to sit on and yell "yeeha!".  What a joke.  I'm never stepping foot in a Texas Roadhouse again!!
4	I eat here often.  I order the ribs, BBQ chicken, and salads. I like the bread too! I have not had bad service here but I also have not had great service. I will continue to eat here.
5	I took my husband here for his birthday.  We both love barbeque and our favorite rib place has gone out of business in Arizona, so at the recommendation of a friend we decided to try Texas Roadhouse instead.  It was a Friday night and we had to wait for about 45 minutes.  In the waiting room they offer peanuts to munch on while you wait, and everyone just throws the peanut shells all over the floor.  So don't be shocked by the atmosphere.  I"m not a peanut fan and it made me feel a little uncomfortable crunching on peanut shells as I walked, but my husband loved it.  The food, though... the food won me over.  SOOOOOO GOOD!!!!  We will definitely be eating there again.  I can easily say this is our new favorite restaurant!  It was funny, too.  When they found out it was my husband's birthday, they made him sit on a saddle and sang to him, and brought him a complimentary dessert.  I laughed and laughed at that!  (Remind me never to go there on my birthday! LOL)My only complaint is that the table that we sat at had no light overhead and was pretty dark.  It was pretty busy, though, and our waitress was great!  And the food is worth the cost of peanut shells stuck to my shoes.  Oh man, that food was good!
5	I've only eaten here twice but both times ive been pleasantly surprised by the price.  I'm no steak connoisseur but I love me some dead bloody cow that's cooked right.  Both times our waitress was pleasant- that's right "waitress", and I just assume that I'm going to get nickel and dinged for everything. Don't get me wrong, they're always trying to upsell you with certain fixings, but it's mostly low key.  I am now sold on this place.  2 adults, 2 kids, blooming onion, big beer- under $65 out the door
5	Great food.  We loved the rolls!  I got the Country Fried Chicken (which was amazing) and my wife got a HUGE steak!  The food was so awesome!
5	I love Texas Roadhouse, and this one is no exception. Great service, food is excellent, and as a little tip for these cool nights, the tables outside are fair game with no wait!
4	Let me start by saying that by no fault of Texas Roadhouse I expected this to be horrible.  As a vegetarian when my grandmother suggested it I was expecting no choices, but after a quick glance at the online menu I saw they didn't forget the veggies!  Now the one vegetarian item on there dinner menu is a selection of 4 side dishes but that was more then enough for me.  I had the house salad (others are not vegetarian), a baked potato, veggies, and I ordered the fries as well for my son.  The veggies were surprisingly delicious I expected microwaved and covered in butter, not the case. They were yummy, the potato was good, not exceptional but I prefer Yukon golds to russets (just a personal preference). We also had the Baby Bloom to start and it was so yummy, the crust is light almost like a tempera batter then anything.  Very yummy.  Also the best part of your meal is free, don't miss out on the rolls!Also I want to mention service was fantastic. My only issue was the pajama shorts our hostesses wore, but I think it was a 4th of July thing because they all wore red white and blue.  Not a huge issue just found it odd.  All in all I'd return if the family chose it, obviously I'm not there target audience but I'd be happily dragged along.
5	There are two road houses I love, Logan's and Texas road house. If I was rich I would eat at those two places every day.The steak is always fresh and juicy, the bread is always fresh, and the happy hours here are pretty nice. I love eating the peanuts and just throwing them on the floor that is what a road house is suppose to be like. If you come on your birthday and someone in your party tells the waitress they will pull a sattle over to your table and make you sit on it and sing you happy birthday. I went along with it since my meal was being paid for :) If you are a fan of big steaks for under $22.00 come here and enjoy, and don't forget to stap on the A-1
4	Wife loved the ribs, BBQ chicken was ok. Service was awesome!  We were served by trainee Dawn being trained by Samantha. They were very fun!
4	Delicious unlimited freshly baked rolls with honey cinnamon butter!!!  That is all the reason you need to go to this restaurant.  Just for the rolls and butter.Plus you can peel peanuts and throw the shells on the floor, how fun is that!?The service is good and the entrees are consistently pretty tasty.  The entrees are not culinary works of art, but this is a good place for a quick, casual steak.
4	The many things I have ordered here over time:The bread and butter....to die for!The side salad with ranch...amazing! (One of the best side salads around)The steaks....great! (Medium)Loaded Baked potato ...pretty darn good! (extra sour cream)Crispy chikcen fingers....Yum!Shrimp...average! (seemed boiled)BBQ Chicken Breast...juicy! (Love it loaded it up with onions and mushrooms)Sweet tea and beer...both great!Service....pretty good!
1	I would give zero stars if I could. Had a party of 11 that included a brother with special needs and a newborn.  With that being said I called 2 hours in advance to reserve seating.  When I got there they said that it would be 10 minutes and kept on being told there was a party ahead of us that had already paid and was just hanging out so once they are done we will get the table.  After I left to go stand and wait, the hostess told another person the same thing so I was thinking so are we getting the table or are they.  We waited a total of 30 mins before we left.  They were not willing to work with me at all, with their hostess attitude I would rather spend our money elsewhere.
4	Love the environment- music, beer signs, tv w/ sports, great prices, especially on draft beers, and okay tasting steaks. Really cool that you can make a mess on the floor w/ the peanuts. Friendly servers and staff.
4	Good as usual!  Gotta love the free peanuts and delicious rolls. I also like the chili cheese fries. Mostly 4 stars because the meals are so cheap.
2	The quality is poor for the price as it is now. Salads are clearly an out of the bag mix.  Wow, I know of better drive through joints...staff n this manager area absolutely too inexperienced n clueless based upon this 4th and last review on this place! I'm returning either to the Texas Roadhouse on S. Alma School Rd. or The Longhorne Restaurant north of I -60 and also on Alma School Road!
3	The food was good but not great service. Our server came back twice to ask our drink order because she kept forgetting. I think it is great for the servers who have great memories but it will ALWAYS make me nervous when they dont write things down.
1	I am done with this sorry, fast food restaurant.  The management appears to be very, very poor every time I have attempted to dine here.  I gave this place 4 chances!  The same manager is there too.  She is uncaring, unable to execute remedies to complaints landed in her lap and shows that she is uncaring that she do so.  One feels exceptionally devalued with her responses.The service is poor too.  The steaks have either come to me over or undercooked, each and every time that I have dined there too!I am just done!  Never returning!
5	Who doesn't like a delicious steak dinner!??? This particular Texas Roadhouse is close to home, so its nice coming here for the convenience fact. Not only is that a perk, but each time I have visited this location I have never been disappointed. My food is always prepared exactly how I asked for it. We went here yesterday for my mom's birthday with a pretty large party. The restaurant was very nice at working around our large party and making sure we were taken care of. We had 2 very nice waiter's who went above and beyond making sure all 17 of us were happy. I ordered the 8oz sirloin and had it covered in melted jack cheese and mushrooms! The medium rare steak was perfect and the jack cheese and mushrooms gave the steak a great kick. The mashed potatoes were covered in cheese, butter and anything else you would like them covered in. Very impressed with the staff and was very happy with my food!Thanks for making it a nice evening out for my moms birthday! Keep it up!
4	I have been to this location of Texas Roadhouse a few times and it has always been pretty good. I came here a couple of nights ago because they were donating 10% of the proceeds of your bill to the families of the Yarnell Hill firefighters which I thought was a great cause and my family loves this restaurant.We had a party of six and we were promptly seated. We were served warm rolls and drinks right away which was great. I ordered a house margarita and it was good and came out really fast. I ordered a sirloin cooked medium and it was cooked to perfection and seasoned well. Everyone else at the table was very pleased with their meal. Our service was also top notch. In classic Texas Roadhouse fashion there were a few birthday's in the house with loud Yeehaw's but it was not near as bad as my prior experience at a different location at Texas Roadhouse.Overall this restaurant has quality steaks at a good price. A good option for those in the Queen Creek/ east Gilbert area with limited restaurant options. I will be back.
3	So, I really like steak.  I regularly patronize Outback for the affordable, tasty meat they never fail to produce.  This first encounter with Texas Roadhouse yielded the following opinions:Texas Roadhouse is the American Cowboy version of the Aussie Outback.  Lots of similarities.Outback is, however, more flavorful.The sweet potato has more sugar, but is somehow less sweet.  Still tasty though!I could do without the prime rib in the future.We were seated very quickly, despite the busy night.  It was almost too quickly... half our party was on the way to the table while the other was still trying to get through the front door.  Service was pleasant but brief, also due to the busy night.  There were several birthdays in the house, as evidenced by the echoing "YeeHaw!"s every so often.  Our small party ordered very similar meals to what we're accustomed to at Outback, and that was probably a mistake.  I shouldn't have put Outback expectations on Texas.  The salad was a perfectly fine side salad, the veggies looked standard, and the mashed potatoes had good flavor.  I enjoyed my sweet potato topped with toasted marshmallows, and felt only a little guilty about it.  The prime rib however tasted like ham.  I don't actually like ham, nor did I order it, so I wasn't pleased with the taste in my beef.  I think it was slightly overcooked from my requested medium-rare, but it was tender enough I wasn't too upset.  I would return to Texas Roadhouse if I was in the area, and I'd order sirloin.  But only after Yelping to make sure there are no Outbacks in the vicinity.
1	The steaks were excellent but overshadowed by the incredible lousy inattentive server who basically took the order and dropped off the bill. Most of the wait staff hung out by the entryway chatting among themselves. Poor management. Never going back.
4	Can never get enough of there steaks! We enjoy this place greatly and recommend it to everyone! We will keep on coming back for there great atmosphere, food, and, service!
4	Went here for my friends birthday dinner and even though I am that one person that always orders fish at a steak house. Texas Roadhouse cooked it right! I would have given 5 stars for the cooked perfection but our server was not very attentive. My husband had the fall off the bone ribs and as far as I know everyone enjoyed their meals. Would definitely return, the price is outstanding and the food was great.
5	My server this visit was Joe. He was friendly and very attentive! I ordered the steak and rib plate with a Cesar salad and mashed potatoes. The steak was cooked a beautiful medium rare and the ribs were so render they fell off the bone. The food and service make this a 5 star experience!
5	I really like eating here, but arrive early to avoid the wait. Everything I have eaten here is delicious, especially the steaks. Bluntly this place makes Outback so second rate.This is a family dining style place, not a high end steak house. Booths are huge, the atmosphere is roomy, country, well lit.You won't be disappointed.
2	Never had a bad experience at Texas RH until tonight. Celebrating a military event for my sister and had the worst experience with service and food. I was denied a kids size meal because I was too old. We were given three baskets of rock hard rolls. Server continued to bring the wrong drink on multiple occasions. Almost everyone had something cold on their plate. Maybe it was an off night? Maybe the staff was trying to close up early? We came to have a nice night and to spend good money. Definitely didn't receive our money's worth and won't be returning to this location. Probably any other location will take care of you better than this place. Young inexperienced staff needs better management and training.
5	Great customer service, very friendly. Steaks are good for a value & without the need to dress up. Mix drinks are very good. Not much to complain about - used to be busy all the time with long lines but lately it seems they've figured out how to move people through quicker.
5	There Ribeye steaks are the best around always fresh always perfect. Go late at night and there is no wait
1	My family and I came in today after a long flight. We stopped there since it was close to Mesa Gateway Airport.  It was about 1:30 today and my wife and kids were hungry.  Wasn't very busy in there at all.  We got seated and waited....and waited....and waited.   Two of the servers passed by us several times helping other tables.  After 18 minutes we got up and left. The lady that had just seated us told us "Thanks for stopping in!"  I let her know that we'd been sitting there for over 15 minutes and no one had acknowledged our presence.  We got a small apology on our way out.  The sign coming in says, "Looking for Legendary Servers!".  I hope they find some.  We stopped at the Texas Roadhouse off of the 60 and Stapely.  Got served within 30 seconds of sitting down.  Our drinks came over a few minutes later, and she was apologizing for the delay!  If the rest of our lunch goes well, I'll be giving that location a positive review!
5	I was very impressed with the food here.  My review is for a takeout order, so it is for the food only.  Delicious!!!  My friend brought me a combo plate with the ribs, pulled pork, chicken, potatoes, and veggies.  Probably the best ribs and pulled pork I've had in AZ. The rolls and cinnamon butter and amazing as well.
5	We love this restaurant! The bone in ribeye is amazing! And the rolls and butter are even better! Call ahead so you don't have to wait in the long lines :)
5	I love Texas Roadhouse. The staff is very nice and smile all the time. The food is fair or better priced. I love using the call for pick up service , I am a stay home Dad since I became disabled and it help's sometimes with dinner and the kids love it to.Thanks for your great service , Oh Taylor helped us today.
1	This place is a mess! Called ahead and was told we would wait 20 mins , when we arrived we were told another 20-30 mins after 45 mins later we we're told that due to large parties it would be another 10 mins... 20 mins after that we we're told again it would be another 30 mins! All together an hour and a half and still no table... The front manager was rude and this was a horrible experience. Would not waste my money here
1	The service and hospitality was the worst we have experienced. When our group of four arrived at 7:30pm tonight the hostess seating us took us to be seated and then said she made a mistake and we would have to follow her back to the front desk. Once back to the front another group of four just walked in and was promptly seated by another hostess as we waited for our hostess to seat us she then informed us we would have to wait as no other tables were available. I asked our hostess why the group of four who came in after us why they were able to get seated and we were not. She snipped that's just the way thing's go sometimes! Just then a table did open up and we were seated at a dirty table. They cleaned it off and asked what we would like to drink. We all ordered water and our waitress said she would be with us in a minute. After ten minutes our waitress came back to take our order. We proceeded to order the prime rib and she informed our group they were out of prime rib. I asked our waitress why she didn't inform us the prime rib was not available prior to the wait on her return to take our order and she quickly responded in a very loud and rude voice" I don't know what your going to order" I quickly responded that it would be nice to know what is available prior to looking over the menu and making a decision on what is on the menu and then to be rudely informed what's on the menu is not available! We promptly left and headed to the Texas Roadhouse on Gilbert and Germaine. The staff was very courtious the manager was very visibly present and the hostess seated us and informed us they were currently out of chilli but would have more in ten minutes. When our waitress came to ask what we wanted to drink she to informed us of the chilli as well as the remaining prime rib. We will not be patronizing the Texas Roadhouse on Power and Ray!!!
3	I was a bit disappointed with Texas Roadhouse for a couple specific reasons that could be easily corrected.  We were there on a busy Saturday night and we were seated in a narrow room at front of restaurant that was designed as a waiting area when you arrived.  They were just trying to fit in about 10 two person tables and it was uncomfortable. The food was decent and the service was fine.  Prices were really good.  Our experience lacked because we never made it into the restaurant.
3	Not to brag, but I grew up in an area with a lot of really good mom and pop steak houses', so I can't bring myself to ever settle for some city slickin, flat landin, baloney servin 2nd rate meat house, like outback. I do like places like the Keg, but you're going to be at least $60 in the hole after dinner for two.Now Texas Roadhouse on the other hand, you can be in and out of here for under $40. I always get the prime rib (caution, they occasionally run out of it before the nights end) and my wife likes any of the steaks well done and smothered with onions and sauteed mushrooms. Any of the other dishes we have had, such as the chicken ones, have been great too. After the entree, two sides, bread, and peanuts, it's a pretty decent bang for your buck.The place is always packed, however, weather permitting, outside seating is typically readily available for parties of four or less. The workers are usually pretty nice but they can get a little testy in their refusal to seat you if your entire party is not present and you are just trying to get kids to their seats. I usually just try and pull the ole "yeah we are all here, the others just went to the restroom" but even then, they may not allow it. Can't blame a guy for trying... All in all, it's not a bad place to grab a decent meal and not have to tap into the kids college funds.
4	Texas Roadhouse is a great place to have a decent steak. It is affordable and the food is well prepared. The staff is friendly and you just have to know going in there will be some whoop and hollaring for birthdays and anniversaries. It is not a high-end steak house, if that is what you are looking for, this is not it...it is a simple, affordable and consistent chain restaurant. We enjoy it.
1	I just figured out how to add my follow up to this review that I wrote last July.   I contacted Texas Roadhouse the following day per the response that I got from them.  The lady on the phone was friendly enough and asked a few questions about my experience there to confirm what happened.  She mentioned she was surprised that the lady that was doing the seating didn't stop us to get a manager.  On a side note, I just had this happen to me again at a Denny's with the same reaction from the guy who seated us.  I don't think these guys take their job seriously.  Anyways, the lady I spoke to with Texas Roadhouse apologized and asked me for my address and said she contact the restaurant to follow up and send some gift cards.  I thanked her and we hung up.  Didn't hear back from her again or get anything.  I don't even know if they followed up with the restaurant.  Around August I sent a message to Diania, the Texas Roadhouse representative who wrote the response to my Yelp review:  "Hi, I wrote the review on 7/18 for the Texas Roadhouse in Gilbert. I called the 800-TEX-ROAD number the next day and spoke with a lady who took my information down.  She seemed concerned that the girl that seated us did not attempt to stop us and get a manager when we informed her about our lack of service while leaving.  The lady on the phone asked for my number and address and said she'd send some gift cards to us. I thanked her for the gesture and felt it was a great effort by the company to apologize for the incident.  We haven't heard anything back since.  The gift cards are not that important to me, but integrity is and if there was really no intention of follow through, it should have never been mentioned. I hope the person who took my info actually spoke with that manager of the Gilbert location.  I suspect the manager may not have ever been made aware of the situation that day by the employee, which, if it were the case, would be a shame.  I do enjoy Texas Roadhouse restaurants very much, and have been a fan of the establishments since the late nineties, when I visited my first one in Colorado Springs. So I have no intention of boycotting the restaurants, but I'm sure I'll avoid the Gilbert location.  Sincerely, Tom H"She gave a great response:  "Tom, I apologize for the delay in responding to your email.  I have been out of town but will look into this immediately.  Follow through on any promise made by Texas Roadhouse is mandatory and not an option.  We pride ourselves on our integrity and always doing right by our guests.  Thank you for bringing this to my attention and for giving me the opportunity to ensure we do the right thing.Diania C"And....never heard anything back again.....here we are in December.  Oh well, I still go to Texas Roadhouse, For the most part, it's almost always a pleasant experience and I've always got great food.  Just the one location in Gilbert left me with some bitterness.  I think the fact that my kids, wife and I were hungrier than usual, plus the fact that it wasn't busy there just added insult to injury.
2	The only thing good about Texas Roadhouse is the bread. The bread is amazing. I wish I could eat my weight in that. I ordered the bacon cheeseburger (I know it's a steakhouse, hence why I did give it 2 stars instead of 1). It came with no sauce. Literally just a beef patty, cheese, and lettuce. The meat was dry and the bread came out soggy because of the melted cheese that was on top. For some reason it took forever for our food to come out. It took almost an hour and we went for lunchtime so there wasn't that many people. Our server didn't really seem to care for us and it took forever to get our drinks refilled. I did hear from my group that the steaks were good, but other than that, their food kind of suck. Will definitely be here for steaks (nothing else).
4	The rolls and butter is what fills me up! Deeelicious! Foods pretty good and hearty for the price.
