5	Don't let the outside of this bar fool you, it's super nice and new on the inside.  I check out most bars when they first open.  Fantastic reverse happy hour, Sunday through Thursday.  The apps were delicious and cheap, as were the drinks!  There's mini TVs at every table so it would be a great place to watch a game.  Servers were nice and attentive, no complaints at all!
5	I live right down the street, saw the "NOW OPEN" signs and had to try it.  I was greeted by a really friendly waitress and pretty much had the choice of any table in the joint since I went there at 10PM on a Monday.  I had never eaten there before so the waitress recommended the Philly Cheese Steak and Waffle fries.  I picked the "Original" which came with onions and whiz.  I think it was like 10 bucks for a footlong.  I would give a rating of A+ because their Philly Cheesesteak  GPA is definitely above a 4.0.  Hot whiz, tender steak, soft bread, the best waffle fries around, and you cant forget the pepperochinis.  Pair that with an ice cold Kiltlifter or Hanger 24 (a Blue Moon analog that is IMHO 50x better than BM) and you have a recipe for a delicious experience that will blow Corleones out of the water.  As for the sports bar part of it, they had like 10 TVs around the bar showing a nice variety of shows (Barrett Jackson, CNN, Basketball Games etc.) as well as personal screens at most of the booths.  I really hope their business picks up because they hooked me on the first try.  I will definitely be going back to Philly's to get my cheesesteak on.
4	We are from out of town and were looking for a place to watch the World Cup. This place was perfect. A screen at our table and big screens all around. Beer selection was great and service was awesome. Will definitely return.
5	Friendly waitress. Very reasonable prices. Good sliders and excellent garlic fries. Reasonable happy hour wine for a sports bar. Each table has its own tv so you can choose what to watch. Walking distance from the Doubletree Tempe.
5	I have this place 3 visits before I wrote this. The fact I have come here 3 times in a row says something all in it self. They bar staff take the time to learn your name. The drinks are fairly priced. The employees are all nice and make a point to get to know you. The beer is cold. The good is good and hot. Typical bar food. The mixers strong. And the person next to you is not afraid to say hi.  I have been impressed with Phillys and if ever back in Tempe, will for sure be back here. Would recommend it to anyone.
5	This place is good. I have been here twice for lunch. Good food. Good beer. Had no issues.  Will come again
4	Food: Chicken teriyaki sandwich. Grilled chicken breast covered with teriyaki sauce, topped with a slice of pineapple, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, and red onions. The sandwich was messy but tasty. I bit into a piece of chicken bone. I'm glad I didn't choke on it. My choice of sides was onion rings. There was plenty of crunchy rings. Service: I came at lunch time and was immediately greeted and seated. My waitress was friendly. She stopped by my table a couple times to check on my food. Final thoughts: I would definitely come back.  Good food, good environment. There's also a fully stocked bar and pool tables.
4	Mmm, try the buffalo chicken wrap. It's cheesy with a little spice, but not over the top. Pairs well with a Peach ale, if I do say so myself! Their fried pickles are pretty effing delicious, too. As well as the onion rings. Hey, you had me at "fried." Bartenders Megen and Chelsie are awesome! :) I really like their daily deals as well.
1	Let me preface this review by saying I am far from disgruntled, I didn't have a miserable experience, but the 4.5+ stars this place gets is SUPER misleading. It couldn't hit 3 stars if its existence depended on it. It's a clean place. Very sports bar-ish. Nothing out of the ordinary. TV's at every table and a million more on the walls. Expected. Service was quick and the waitress was a doll! Service was absolutely flawless. It was the food. It was so awful as to be a afterthought here. It's like, hey, if we put enough TV's in here we won't have to serve anything edible; just beer and football! No. Ordered the queso without the meat and some chips. The cheese was so coagulated that it was almost chewy lumpy. My mouth completely rebelled. It was also freaking spicy, which they don't mention. Thankfully I ate first because my date hates spicy. I caught it in time so he didn't have to suffer the fate of eating this non-food THING. The chips were...uh, stale? I mean, tasted like cardboard, I mean, didn't have any taste, were not crunchy, but not stale. They were alien. Entrees coming up. I got the fish and chips. Uhm. Hmmmm. Fries were tasteless (recurring theme here), fish was sqaure. Deeply deep fried. Super crispy. The fish oddly didn't fit into it's hard outer shell. I have no idea how they did that. I was fascinated. The serving was also super stingy. Just don't do this. Or, eat at your own risk. My date had the Philly cheesesteak, which I'm going to go ahead and say was terrible. I don't eat meat, but I can't imagine his resembled food any more than anything else. I dare you to try it for yourself, though.This place is shockingly bad. It doesn't have an authentic feel, it's not that great. I have no idea where all those stars came from. Maybe they bought them from the star store. Maybe they should work on earning them. Bad. Avoid.
1	Decided to give this local spot a chance. Nice and clean bar/restaurant, look over the menu and notice regular bar food. Wings, burgers, sandwiches. Was pleasantly surprised to see a chili burger was on the menu. Bartender was very pleasant and welcoming. About 15 mins have passed and the bartender reassured me the burger would be out soon. About 20 mins for a burger I think took too long. Was hungry and excited to dog in. First impression, square plate like a upscale dinning restaurant but who cares hopefully the chili burger will taste as good as the plate looks. Onto the food, there was no bun, it look like wheat toast. No onion as I requested so that good. First bite and no flavor, beans tasted like they were out of a can. Fry's were over salted. I was so hungry, I just ate the burger because I had to go to work. I didn't want to wait another 20 minutes for another burger.
3	Have had the philly twice now.  It is pretty good. Not the best in town but up there.  Nice atmosphere with lots of screens for sports.  Get the onion rings, they are very good.
4	Had the original Philly - it was delicious! The only reason for 4 stars is because waffle fries came out cold. Service was very quick.
5	Philly cheesesteak was to die for! I was impressed with the service and would recommend anyone go here... Only get the managers special if you like super hot food.
2	On my 7th visit here for Monday night food ball. The service is very slow. Wait time for food is almost the same to get your check. Only reason me and my friends still visit is because of it convenience and happy hour.
5	Adrienne is the best! She went above and beyond my expectations. Hand stuffing olives for my martini because they ran out. Amazing little sports bar with low key casual vibe. Great staff and yummy fried pickles.
4	The past few MNF games service has really improved! Food is quick, servers are great, and the experience is much better. The Monday special is a great meal for a good deal.
3	I had heard the wings were good. I had the dry run Cajun variety. Meh! They had this type of chili there tho that made it all worth it. I had two bowls. Great stuff. Typical pub food here. Good atmosphere. Tvs at tables. Great staff. My rating is based solely on one visit. Take with grain of salt. Would go again. Just won't get dry rub wings this time.
1	Everything started great. As soon as bartender realized I was routing for opposing team I got cut off. Absolutely insane. The black dude was the bartender. Which was a dick from the moment I walked in. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone I know. If you want a good environment to watch a game there are plenty of other places to go around the area. Would never recommend phillys to anyone
1	I just moved to Tempe a few months ago, have been trying to find a good place to watch some games with my boyfriend. We've been to this Philly's THREE times.. 1st- I asked for no tomatoes on my food.. tomatoes were on it, so I asked if I could get a new plate of food.. she picked the tomatoes off from behind a wall and brought it back not even 2 minutes later.. What if I was allergic to tomatoes? 2nd- Came back again hoping we didn't get the same waitress, but did.. again I asked for no tomatoes, and since olives come with the little bit of lettuce on the side, I said no olives please, because I am allergic to them and could have my tongue swell up so bad that I stop breathing. Again.. my order is not correct. Are y'all going to pay any medical bills if I eat food that touched the olives? 3rd time- This time we had the same girl and it wasn't my food that was wrong because I ordered just fries.. my boyfriends ordered 10 wings.. he only got 8 of them, and they were all very under cooked and seemed to be still pink in the middle.  During all visits, not once did our waitress check on us.. we ended up with a different girl bringing us our bill the 3rd time, while our waitress was at the table behind us.. None of these have been busy nights.. there is no reason for the waitress to be the way she is, not caring and seeming like she didn't want to be there.. We will NOT be coming back. Especially if that server is going to be working there. I've had bad service at places before and this is by far the WORST experience I've had.
