1	Sunday Night C and I met up with some friends on the Southside for dinner.  We chose Paparazzi Restaurant due to a coupon in our Entertainment book.  Let me start off by saying I am very glad that we didn't have to pay full price for this experience.  That should give you a slight hint as to were this review is going, but I shall continue for the sake of completeness.  Ambiance - 2 out of 5 RinsemsAllow me to begin by breaking the review down in my usual manner.  I'll begin with ambiance.  When C and I first arrived in the restaurant, we almost called our friends to change our plans.  Essentially there is a rather large bar in the center with some tables placed around the outside of the bar.  As we were expecting more of an upscale atmosphere, this was not what we had in mind.  We then learned that they had an upstairs area where the fancier tables were set. After a ten minute wait we were led upstairs to an table area that had only two other parties sat.  With roughly 15 tables available, we were a bit puzzled at the ten minute wait.  None the less, we were seated and on our way.  Overall, I would say the initial impression gave a very bad feeling to us as we were expecting a much higher class establishment.  This looked to be a place we would stop by for pizza before heading out for a night of bar hopping.  While the upstairs did redeem them a bit, the attempt to appear classy did not seem to fit with the rest of the atmosphere.Service 0 out of 5 RinsemsOur waitress arrived a few minutes later to take our drink orders and we began to review the menu.  This was the last time our waitress would be able to accomplish anything that was asked of her.  She violated the drink refill rule numerous times and when we did finally receive a drink refill she didn't even refresh the ice in any of our drinks.  On top of this, our friends appetizer was served completely cold.  While edible, it was not the appetizer that should have been presented.  The final straw was when their pizza was completely wrong.  At this point our meals were served and we had to go through the uncomfortable situation of some people at the table eating while others waited for food.  By the end of the mail the waitress realized that we were unhappy and comped the appetizer as well as took a price cut on the pizza, however, by this point it was a bit late to make up for her mistakes.  I realize a zero is a rough score, but it just wasn't her night.Food 2.5 out of 5 RinsemsOverall the food was decent.  However, it was not worth the price paid even with the discounts we received.  We had fried ravioli which is one of my favorite appetizers and they were quite simply a sad display of what is generally a taste explosion.  There was no texture the the ravioli and the stuffing was simply uneventful.  As stated earlier, our friends received their appetizer undercooked but edible.  As far as our main meals were concerned I would rate them higher than the appetizers, but not by much.  I had the chicken piccata and it tasted like lemon flavored rubber.  In addition, the rice seemed to lack in any flavor whatsoever and appeared to just be thrown together with some lemon seasoning.Overall 1 out of 5 RinsemsThis is the lowest review I have ever given to any establishment and I think the combination of ambiance and service essentially tanked this restaurant.  Even if the food had been excellent, I don't believe they could have recovered from the initial decisions that we had made regarding the place.  Normally I would consider giving a place a second chance, but I have no intention of returning to Paparazzi any time in the future. Paparazzi Restaurant2100 E Carson StPittsburgh, PA 15203(412) 488-0800
5	If you are out drinking on a weekend night, stop by outside and indulge in a slice (or three) of $1 pizza.  It's quite good.  Otherwise, I haven't eaten here
4	Paparazzi's is an Italian bar and restaurant located on the South Side. While the bar downstairs often hosts live bands after 9pm and gets quite crowded, the restaurant upstairs maintains a relatively calm and even romantic atmosphere. This is a good place for a candlelight dinner for two or even a group of ten friends. The fare is Italian and done well, but not excellent. Be prepared for the copious amounts of garlic (love it!).  The menu is large and covers the Italian bases as you would expect of a good Italian restaurant. There is never room for dessert, but in theory, Paparazzi's does have it. If you enjoy Italian meals, definitely stop by Paparazzi's.
3	Nice Italian restaurant in the South Side known for live bluesy jazz bands.  If you are going for dinner, I recommend showing up early, before the band starts.  There is an upper level and the main entrance level.  Upstairs is great for a large group, or an intimate dinner for two.  The downstairs area includes the bar and a more relaxed atmosphere.  Typical Italian food.  Nothing fancy or outrageous, but nothing memorable either.  The food is good and doesn't disappoint, but don't expect to find anything out of this world to Yelp about.Coming from San Francisco, it was upsetting to enter a restaurant that still permits smoking.  I usually avoid a facility that permits lighting up.  Smoking upsets the taste of your food, aggravates my sinuses and makes my clothes stink.
4	I guess the reviews on here are somewhat mixed, but I love this restaurant.  Their ravioli is delicious.  Although, now that I think about it, I'd probably eat ravioli off the floor of a prison.
4	The pizza is great here.  I was extremely impressed with them(I got two different types of white pizza, great thin crust, too).  They have specials for happy hour that included BOGO pizzas.  This was in the summer though and I haven't been back since then, so it may have changed.My biggest complaint before that it was a smoking bar...but no longer with the new laws that have taken effect.  Beer was also very reasonabiy priced as well.This isn't a place that I would bring a fancy date, but for good pizza & a decent beer selection, it's worth a shot.
1	Wow.  I don't know what has changed.  Sure there was a stabbing a few months ago, sure someone died...but you can't blame that on the establishment necessarily.  Maybe people stopped going?  I was there on a Sunday night ~9:30pm.  It was dead inside and I think we were the only ones eating dinner, but we did call ahead to see if they were still serving and we were told til 12 or 1.  I ordered a pizza.   GF ordered pesto farfalle.  We received bread & oil with the meal.  Bread was 2-3 days old, & stale.  The oil was...vegetable oil with salt & pepper.  Really??Pizza is still good, but was different than last review.  The farfalle was wayyy overcooked; it was like mush.  Her dinner came with a salad...salad dressing choices included blue cheese & ranch.  That's it.  No other choices...and our waitress didn't even think they had ranch.  Got a side of balsamic vinegar instead.  I also got a beer with dinner... $4 for a bottle of Yeungling(very small selection).  Only tap they had was Miller Lite.  I can't say I'll be back at this point.  Sucks.
