1	they suck
3	It's Food City...not AJ's, Whole Foods, etc... Don't expect this store to be something life changing. They have great prices on all Mexican food ingredients and some really good weekly specials. The produce is always fresh. When the hatch chilies are in season they roast them fresh in front of the store. Some items like cheese and processed foods are a bit more expensive. The check out staff is friendly and it never seems really busy, so check out is fast.
5	On with the relocation...from San Diego back to Tempe...Last time, I was at Roosevelt and University...lo those 20 years ago...where the stores and restaurants still had class, and did not feel like something cheap and crass...I'm at Baseline and Hardy this time...and gratified to find Food City because it DOES NOT FEEL like the Bashas/Frys/Albertsons (even tho Bashas owns the store...)The store is clean...I have yet to see bugs flying around produce...the butcher shop is immaculate...and there are native offerings there.  The prices for many things are lower than at the bigger stores.  Disparity comes apparently with those items that are not so common in a lower/middle class grocery.Because of an extremely small refrigerator and a roomie who wants 3 of the 4 shelves along with 1 of the veggie drawers, I am buying preferred produce daily on my way home from work.  The folks at Food City are so much more green than the folks at Fresh and Easy...all the packaging and the clean sterile feeling at Fresh and Easy compared to the 'open the box and display the stuff' that Food City has going on...I am more confident with produce I can touch and smell to gauge the freshness/ripeness that I am looking for....
2	I'm not a big fan if this grocery store. It's loud and usually pretty dirty. I feel like a lot of the produce is pretty bruised and damaged. The selection is limited but the prices are good. They have a nice selection of Mexican foods and spices which is really nice. Additionally I love the full sugar Mexican sodas.
3	Smaller, local Hispanic flair. If you want off brands or small brands they got them, nothing special, good bakery. Clean friendly service.
2	Good prices on produce. Cashier told me that my receipt was in my bag & it wasn't, & she didn't say thank you or anything when she finished with me. Quite rude I think!
3	Clean market that carries products you can't find in all grocery stores.  I come for specific cuts of meat and the competitive prices.
