5	I used to live in the apartment complex next to Jasmine's, and frequently found myself enjoying their delicious food three or four times a month.  I was never disappointed by their menu, and enjoyed their delicious ginger dressing on their green salads.  The service was impeccable, and the prices were reasonable.  Good for a night with friends, a date, or just eating alone.
4	I've had take out from Jasmine about four or five times now, tried something different each time, and everything has been delicious. My husband has always been the one to pick up the food and says that each time he goes in they give him something more to snack on while he waits for the order. They always seem very friendly, too.The price is nice and cheap depending on what you order. My ONLY complaint about Jasmine is that they need more items on their menu. A place this good needs more variety to choose from.
5	We do take-out every couple of weeks. I love this place - it's good and reasonably priced. My husband gets the red spicy curry and I get the yellow mild curry. We've also eaten in the restaurant with my in-laws and they really enjoyed too. The people are friendly. It's never been super busy when we've gone, so it might be quiet in the restaurant. I highly recommend.
5	I've eaten here several times over the last year.  This place has really great lunch specials and prices.  I've had the pad thai, pad siew and red curry  chicken.  All were really good.  The service is really fast too.  The crab rangoon that came with lunch is good and the salad has a really tasty dressing. I highly recommend this place!
5	Another good Yelp find. Tired of the overpriced and blah food on the strip, we braved a car trip away from the lights. Yelp pointed us to this restaurant and it didn't disappoint! Spicy Catfish!!
5	Everything I tasted here was great.  Had a shrimp curry and chicken lettuce wraps.  Was with a group of 5 and no one had a bad meal.
5	This is our favorite restaurant in town!! Never had a bad meal! My only complaint is that they advertise delivery, but only have a driver 50% of the time.
5	I just love this place!  The yellow curry is out of this world and the spicy string beans with pork are some of the best I have ever tasted.  Just recently, on our way back from So Cal this week, my fiance and I both were thinking the same thing...we want Jasmine for diner tonight.  So, I called in our order just as we were coming into Vegas and when I walked into pick it up, I was instantly happy,everyonethere is always so friendly!
5	This place is unbelievably good - Thai food is my favorite, and I've sampled many places searching for the perfect flavor for  pad Thai - found it here.
2	I have been eating at this restaurant regularly for over 3 years. I went there twice with a friend in October, 2009, and was disappointed on both occasions. The tom-kha-gai (coconut soup) had lost it's flavor and other meals tasted different also. I thought that maybe it was the regular chef's night-off since it was early-week. So, the next time I went at a busier time of week, I ordered the same dishes. And the same result, except this time I had a big black hair in my soup. I used to love this place, but it's not what it was. It's not all bad however, it's still a very nice environment and the Green curry is still one of the best I have had in Las Vegas.. But for more authentic Thai cuisine you may want to try Basil n Lime on Forte Apache. It's more tasty and cheaper in price.
4	My fiance and I have been here a couple of times. White tablecloths and a quiet, comfortable atmosphere--with jazz music playing in the background. They have an interesting menu, including Chinese and Thai food, and tasty appetizers. This is a nice place to sit down, relax, and enjoy.  We were well served and our food was delicious--both times. The house salad is simple but has a nice ginger dressing.
2	This is a major disappointment.  All of the 5 star reviews have misled me again!  I was out on this side of town and decided to finally seek good Thai food in Southern Nevada.  I hate combo Thai-Chinese places (since when did the countries share a common cuisine?)  The lunch special banner outside said "$6.95 Lunch Specials" but in small print "take-out only."  I ordered the spicy eggplant with basil special off the vegetarian menu.  I started with a salad (my friend and I called it "sad"), then got my dish - a very very small portion of eggplant and a few bell peppers, and rice, then one rangoon got delivered even though both my friend and I should have received one - and then they gave me pork wontons with my veggie meal...uh yuk!  The dish had ZERO spice in it.  I would think "spicy eggplant" would indicate something, but there was not a drop of heat - no red pepper flake, chili pepper, or chili oil.  It was not worth sending back because the portion was so small, by the time I tasted a piece of eggplant to test the flavor, there was hardly any left!Save your money and for a really good deal, go to Galanga.  I haven't reviewed it yet because I only went once, but you get tons of food for your money there.  I would not return.
4	Update:  CLOSED!  What a shame!  I called to have an order delivered (in the SW) and the phone was answered in another location, possibly the NW part of town.  Unfortunately, too far for delivery.Original Review....Outstanding!I have eaten in the restaurant and have also ordered delivery.  Both meals were exceptional.  Excellent service!Restaurant is very comfortable - nice ambience.  Quiet but not too quiet, nice lighting - not too dark and not too bright.I loved all the food I have ordered at Jasmine That Gourmet and so did my husband.  Most notable in my opinion were the chicken satay appetizer, crab rangoon, and mongolian beef entree.  My husband said the hot-n-sour soup was fabulous and finished every drop.  I did not care for the egg rolls.  They were more like deep fried flautas filled with beef - not what I was expecting.  Everything else - and we ordered A LOT, was outstanding.  Excellent sauces, dressings, and rices.  Huge selection!  The menu is a book!  Very reasonable prices!This place, like another yelper stated, is fine to go alone, or with company.  I would also suggest this place for a good "on the road office" spot, while you grab a bite, as it seems to have an environment one could work in easily.I will defintely be a regular at Jasmine Thai Gourmet now that I have finally discovered this little gem!  Thanks yelpers - you recommended a real good one!
5	This awesome place closed suddenly. The sign is off the building & the Justice Court has sealed the doors.....Too bad, very good Thai spot. I ordered from them often.....
