4	Everytime I check out at Capitol Centre Foods, I am pleasantly suprised. All this, I think. For only 20 bucks? Hooray! The 10% off discount for students is sweeeeet :) Also, although the store seems primarily to employee college kids, which in other places equals apathy, the service is attentive. These 18 to early twenty-somethings seem to know what they are doing. For not being a gigantic grocery store, I am pleased I can always find good bananas, mini cupcakes, and a nice variety of chips :)
4	It makes me happy beyond words that his place is open 24 hours on weekdays. (and late on weekends) The produce during the late hours is definitely scary, so come early for that.  I find that Cap Centre is thought of as over-priced, and while they do not have Woodman's prices on a lot of things... most things are fairly priced. (think of it as you're paying for the 24-hour-ness and proximity)
4	This is definitely a good find in the middle of campus.  I love breezing in and out to get a few ingredients here and there but fully enjoy their online delivery service as I am sans transportation in the form of a car this year.  If you haven't tried it, you're missing out.  I don't mind paying the 4.95 to have someone do the 'shopping' for me (by that I mean someone is pulling the items off the shelf and bagging it). Delivery is free and comes right to your door!  If you are missing the physical grocery shopping feel...there is an 'online cart' you fill up and check out with...heh.
5	I think the claims are unfounded that they are overpriced. They are normally priced, and their beer is extremely reasonable-- some kinds are even cheap relative to other places. And it's kept in a walk in cooler! Biiig wine selection right at the front. Pretty good selection of vegetables.The one problem I've ever had is with chicken breasts- they don't carry the huge mass bags that I love, but that doesn't matter so much because the store is so close that I don't need to buy the huge bags like I used to at Woodman's.Also, why is it spelled "Centre" in the British way. British owner? Seems kitsch or something. Meh, just a curiosity.
2	eh, overpriced and kind of dirty.  i guess if i lived on campus and didn't have a car i'd think it was pretty great though.
4	Updating. I was obviously off a bit saying it's normally priced, it's certainly overpriced, because it's downtown and they know they can do it. That said, they can do it, so why wouldn't they? Four stars for the good selection considering their size, and the delightfully downtrodden staff.
2	tried it, not impressed.  There's much better local choices.
2	This place is miserable.From a business perspective, they are geniuses. If I could open a supermarket in the middle of a college campus, with a 100% markup and mediocre quality, I suppose I would. I wouldn't be able to sleep at night, but I'd be rich, bitch.If you're trapped on campus, at least go to the newer grocery.
3	Its convenient, it has some decent specials.  Its expensive, and the produce is hit or miss.  Its got some good stuff but overall its average.
3	When I was living in Madison, there was somewhere I preferred more than Capitol Centre, but I didn't do all my shopping at the other place. Capitol Centre was within walking distance and was right off the square. It is open 24 hours, except for a deep cleaning on Sunday nights which  I can appreciate. They had very cheap bananas, but all other fresh produce was a bit more expensive than I would have expected for a non-organic selection. It is a basic grocery store, nothing too fancy otherwise. One of the greatest perks of this grocery store is the fact that they do delivery, which was nice when I was buying more than I would like to bike. They are efficient and were always at my house within the hour.
4	Ding-ding-ding!! Capitol Centre Market "Serving Downtown Madison since 1983" served me well in 2013. This was exactly the grocery store I was looking for, and where I will be buying my groceries. The selection wasn't enormous but satisfying enough. I had options between name- and off-brands and it felt shopped -- it wasn't crazy busy when I was there, but people were coming in and out; it felt like a real grocery store (and it is haha). I was extremely pleased with the fresh produce, cheese, yogurt, and meat selection. I made a delicious beef stir fry with porta bella mushrooms for dinner with my purchases. Prices were higher than going to Hy-Vee or even Copp's, but I honestly thought my total would be closer to $200 and it was only $60. Blame my bad math or applaud my deal-savvy shopping but I totally impulsed shopped. Nutella and Odwalla bars can attest to that. I noticed a good amount of organic products in the produce and cereal sections (hooray Puffin cereal!!), which Cap Centre does advertise. I also really enjoyed the atmosphere. The employees went about their business but were polite when needed. The cashier who bagged my groceries could've saved some trees but he didn't put cans on top of my fruit or bread - that's all I really ask. (And I guess I could've saved some trees by not asking for paper and/or remembering to bring my own reusable grocery bags). For no-car-lives-around-the-Capitol, this is a great grocery store.  I loved the narrow aisles and am a happy camper with my cupboards full of food.
3	Cap Centre is conveniently located and have a decent selection. Their prices aren't the best and their produce is pretty average. I like that they have a free item with a $20 purchase, the Moocho deal they did last year saved me a bunch, and their reduced price food area sometimes hold treasures.If you're on campus, this is a solid place to buy groceries.
4	This place is pretty great. I'm living nearby for the summer and I come here often because it's super convenient. Prices are actually not bad - this from a guy who does most of his grocery shopping at Aldi. The workers are friendly and the selection is fine for a smaller store. Also, they sell metro passes and rolls of quarters!
5	Open 24 hour Monday-Friday. Well stocked and friendly staff. Wednesday students get 5% off. They also deliver. Great if you walked or have a bike that you can't fit it all in.They also carry Greenbush Bakery 's apple fritters and other donuts. Yeah there packaged put still awesome if in a pinch. Also great deals every week. Always a deal if you spend more then $20 you get a free item (dozen eggs, milk, ice cream, etc). Great selection for the size of store.
4	As a grocery store addict I can't give this place 5 stars simply because of lack of selection, however the prices are great. I can go in here and spend much less than I would have somewhere else. However if you're looking for something specific and slightly unusual, you probably won't find it here.Staff is always super friendly though! And the produce is great quality.
4	Working nearby, I'm a big fan of Capitol Centre. I probably stop in once per week to pick up some milk or other ingredient we forgot to buy over the weekend. But I also will shop here to get things for lunch at the office.The selection is not the most expansive, but the convenience and friendly staff makes up for it. I'll also add that the produce--in my experience--is better quality and cheaper than at Hy-Vee.
2	I guess I should start this review by acknowledging that beggars can't be choosers. I admit it, I use their delivery service because I'm too lazy/traumatized from past experience to venture into Woodman's during the weekend. Granted Capitol Centre makes deliveries on time, doesn't have outrageous delivery fees and is a convenient alternative to traditional grocery shopping,  but I still think some flaws can't be overlooked.1) They have a very limited selection of brands. For some items, I'm brand loyal. I understand that if the store is out of an item, they will supplement the product with something similar. But when ordering I feel very constrained by their lack of a selection.2) The drivers are too impatient. When I was in DC, I used a grocery ordering service that was FANTASTIC. Not only were they meticulous about making sure your order was placed and bagged correctly, but they genuinely wanted your order to be correct upon delivery so they would go through the order with you to make sure there were no problems. With Capitol Centre, the drivers won't wait for you to check the order. As a result, you have to call the store, after the driver has long gone, and attempt to justify to the person answering on the phone why they should exert effort to correct your order.3) They are focused on the wrong things. It's nice that they throw in little freebies, but honestly, I just want my original order filled correctly. You can keep the cheap paper plates and crackers if it means that you'll deliver my order right.As a customer who has experienced way too many screw ups on my orders, I would just like to do business with a store that values accuracy and providing a satisfying customer experience. I've never had to justify to a store why they should want to provide customers with the service they paid for, but with this place that is what happens. My next order will be placed with Fresh Market.
4	Look, we all know why we come here. It's the closest grocery store for those who live and work on the Isthmus, and we are willing to pay for that convenience. Woodmans is great but... what if I don't need 200 rolls of toilet paper? Or I'm too lazy to go that far?As if it weren't convenient enough, Cap Centre offers a delivery service, free of charge, for purchases over $40.  (Excluding alcohol of course. Shucks.) For those willing to risk it, you can even buy your groceries online, and never set foot in the store.  Those without a car might find this feature particularly attractive. Any gripe I might have about the prices being a SMIDGE high, is offset by the uber-convenience of free delivery. Once in a while they goof something a little bit, (missing a bag or once I got a bag of someone else's frozen goods) but with a quick phone call they fix it right up.  Another price offset: They offer a weekly store deal, whereby you receive their free bonus item with a purchase of $20 or more. This keeps me in a steady supply of paper towels, frozen bagels, etc.  When I was a student, I also took advantage of their 5% student discount on Wednesdays.  To their credit, for being a small store they have a pretty decent selection. Not amazing, especially in the produce aisle, but they seem to put some effort into ordering local items, international cuisine items, and what my boyfriend calls "hippie foods."  They have a walk-in beer cooler with both local, domestics and international brews, as well as reasonable mid-range wine selection. Don't forget local dairy! Snap up some Sassy Cow Creamery chocolate milk while you are there, if they haven't sold out. But my favorite stop is of course the cheese island, which often features a number of locally produced favorites. (Though sometimes at a not insignificant price hike.)  Mmmmm, Espresso Bellavitano... it sits so near to the coffee aisle that I imagine the cheese and coffee staring longingly at one another, begging me to unite them.  No problem, little buddies!A little high priced on certain items, but the convenience of delivery, location, and generally friendly, helpful staff make this a 4-star grocery nook.  Stop by the library a block down the road on your way!  Books and food are a match made in heaven.
3	I couldn't give this place a better score because of the prices and the selection, but that's not really why anyone shops here. It's a good place for those to get a few last minute groceries for those who live downtown. I just finally went to Fresh Madison Market and might start going there from now on. This place is closer though, so who knows.
4	The Capitol Centre Market has quickly become my go-to grocery store when I:a) Don't want to give up my prime street parking spot in front of my house b) Am too lazy to put on real pantsc) Am missing that ONE ingredient that I need for that recipe I pulled off of foodnetwork.comd) All of the aboveThe fact that it is a mere 10 minutes walking distance from my house (and pretty much anywhere else around the State Street area) makes it a favorite of mine when I am in a crunch. I don't find the prices exorbitant or the selection particularly limited. So long as it is bigger than my pantry and there is a large enough selection of ice cream flavors, I am a happy camper. :)
