4	My boyfriend and I were planning to go to the other Middleton location, but with the Good Neighbor Festival in high swing, it was a mad-house in the area, so we traveled down the beltline to this location.They offer pretty much the same goods and wares as the other locations, but they also have ICE CREAM. If you know me, I just have to give an extra star to any place that has munchies, great coffee, a good wine selection, and ice cream , to boot!
5	what a genius concept: a quality wine shop, coffee shop, and great appetizers and baked goods all combined with friendly/knowledgeable staff and a comfy ambiance for either individuals or a group.  I don't know if they still sell them, but the double wine pull that they used to sell has been a favorite go-to wine opener in our house for YEARS.
4	i wouldnt consider this to be my favorite barriques out of the 5 but it is really nice. Each barriques sort of has its only feel and this one is a bit more mainstream than the other two I have reviewed. Anyway, the place is really nice and kept pretty clean etc. The staff has generally been pretty nice there but I have had one bad experience. As always, great coffee however, it is a little hidden and I wish it was more pronounced where it is. All-in-all a good place to go for some afternoon coffee!
2	I had to laugh when I read my previous review of this location. Again, we were faced with finding a replacement for the Middleton location during Good Neighbor Festival. This very well could be the only time I've been here since the last. The beverages were fine, and the staff was friendly enough(and yes, they still have ice cream). It was, however, incredibly  dirty. We chose to sit by the window and the armchair behind us was littered with crushed chips, and the floor was in the same condition. Two or three of the tables were visibly dirty(crumbs and stray wrappers)and no one came over to wipe them down in the hour or so we were there. I seriously didn't even want to put my purse down on the floor,  it was so icky. Maybe we just caught them on an off day, or after a busy rush...but that totally killed the experience for me.
4	Combination coffee shop, wine bar, and liquor store! Espcially considering the mutliple hats this coffee shop wears, the atmosphere is so nice and cozy. The drinks taste great and there's a cute little fireplace too.
5	Excellent service & tasty coffee :)
5	Love this place for breakfast. Great pain au chocolat and great coffee.  Going back tomorrow.
4	Enjoyed breakfast in this place very much. Warm and cosy. Great espresso, delicious breakfast sandwiches (we had a "Biker's Dream", and it was amazing!) And, they have wine and "alcohol infused" coffee drinks! What a find. Next time we're in Madison in need of caffeine, this is the only place on the list. They do however need to seriously consider cleaning or replacing their carpet
5	Of all the coffee shops in Madison this is the best!  Quality coffee, great wine selections, and a great menu.  I love their signature breakfast sandwich or their breakfast Mexican wrap!  And if you go on a regular basis...Tuesday's are double-punch card days!
2	I wanted to give this place a single star, but the coffee was good enough that I felt guilty doing so. That being said, this was by far the filthiest cafe I've ever seen. I literally changed tables 3 times before finding one that wasn't sticky or entirely covered with crumbs. There was food and trash scattered all over the floor (including a half scone laying forgotten near the entrance). There was only one other customer there besides myself, yet the employees stood behind the counter chatting instead of picking anything up. I came here to have some coffee and read my book, and ended up having to leave after finishing a single chapter because the hoards of flies buzzing around my croissant made it hard to concentrate on my reading. After swatting at one and noticing a veritable fly graveyard on the windowsill, I decided enough was enough and hit the road.The coffee was actually quite good, but the atmosphere was miserable. If you do choose Barriques - get it to go.
4	This place had all my satisfiers for lunch on a Saturday while on the road.The menu had a nice selection of sandwiches, soups and desserts (coffee and wine too). The staff was very pleasant and worked quick. The prices were more than fair.My wife and I had soups and sandwiches. I had a glass of white wine. All were very good. We will definitely stop back when in the area.
3	I have spent a fair amount of time at the various Barriques locations studying. The Middleton location is okay. Not bad, and probably better than most coffeeshops I've found in Madison, but certainly not as good as their Fitchburg location. This location has a fire place and comfy leather chairs around the fire place.  I think I am just not crazy about the very linear presentation of their wine selection that reminds me more of a grocery store than an inviting coffee shop, along with large glass windows that look out on the depressing view of a strip mall.
3	I am a sucker for fireplaces. If somewhere has a leather couch and a fireplace, I am all in. Barriques delivers that for me. It is why I like this location and the Fitchburg location the best of the bunch (and I frequent them all). As I only live 2 blocks from here, I am in Barriques fairly often. It is easy to stop in here, grab some liquid gold (read:caffeine), and be on my way. It is also convenient to warm up next to said fireplace when I don't want to put my electric heat on during the winter or have to put my electric AC on during those 3 hellish weeks of summer we are all longing for right now.While I enjoy Barriques and I never have an issue with their coffee/roasts, my issue is with the dirty tables, the off balance tables, the lack of electric outlets and their surly staff. The staff is hit or miss at this location. When I go in during the evening hours and the guys are working the place seems to run better and things are cleaner. When I go in and the staff is primarily women, they seem to be standing around with nothing to do, are rude, and the place is messier. I will obviously be going back and not changing my visit frequency. Solid coffee shop. Just could be improved upon.It doesn't hurt that when I am jonesing for coffee and booze together in one, that this is the to-go place. Their alcoholic coffee drinks always manage to hang out on the more slumber-inducing side...not the more caffeinated side.
4	Coffee: 3 stars.  Their roasts are hit or miss.  Breakfast Sandwich:  Keeps me alive.  I'm in Madison for a work project for 6 months.  I've had one of these for breakfast probably 90% of mornings.  They're amazing, delicious, and keep you full till lunch.Mexican Mocha:  Also delicious, but can't do it every day. Sandwiches: I bought a sandwich once. Some kind of beefy or pastrami thing.  It was $9, and basically an oversized cocktail sandwich.  I was supremely disappointed, and won't be trying that again.  Wines:  I bought a couple bottles off their "Top 10 List":  Honestly, they weren't bad but I wasn't impressed.  If this is 7/100, what are the rest of them like?  Yelp deals:  5 stars.  50% off coffee for checking in???  Are you kidding???  Steal!Overall 4 stars:  People are great, service is excellent, coffee is acceptable, prices with "check-in" deal is unbeatable.  And the breakfast sandwiches are my lifeblood
3	It's a coffee shop. The coffee is decent; the service is friendly; environment is comfy. Be sure to check-in with the Yelp application... there may or may not be a little bonus waiting for you!
1	Sunday morning coffee experience totally sucked. I was "kidnapped" by wife and friends who suggested we go here. I long ago stopped drinking their coffee. The last time I bought one here I walked out, too a sip and deposited it in the trash before I drove off to Starbucks. On this fine Sunday morning their pastry shelf was bare. Their attempt at a menu of breakfast selections is dismal. Overpriced and small portions. One of the staff commented in front of us that she was too busy with other things. The place does not feel clean. It was not busy which is a sign on a Sunday morning after church time. Yuck. Never again. Avoid.
4	I love going here to study or work for awhile. The staff is really friendly and seems to always get orders out quickly.  The parking situation is hit or miss at certain times of the day. The coffee is good, their iced coffee one of the best that any local coffee shops on the west side of Madison has. I've only gotten their pesto chicken salad, and that is pretty decent also (a little expensive)
4	Solid beans, decent selection of baked goods, Delicious Scones, super comfy atmosphere, and nice staff.Good for the morning cup and pastry.  Have yet to try anything breakfasty, but the granola looks very homemade and the breakfast wraps sound delish.
4	Visited for a cool drink and a snack. Fine chai lattes. They have almond and soy milks. There is a menu of breakfast foods and wraps for lunch. The atmosphere includes local photos of the state Capitol building and dairy cows being serenaded by a jazz band. The shiny marine varnished tables were numerous and well spaced. There's a fireplace for winter. Oh, and they have a liquor license so they can Irish that coffee up for you. A fine example of a local coffee house.
2	The coffee is great and I prefer over Starbucks but the last few visits the service has been terrible.   It is now 11 minutes since my order  and my drink is just being made.  There are also 6 people in line and there behind me waiting for a drink.  Unfortunately when I am in a hurry to get to work I have to skip coming here
