5	Friendly staff!These guys and gals really know their bagels. The manager Bill I believe is his name seems like he really loves his job.Bagels and coffee are consistently good, and fresh. Service is fast. Bathrooms are clean. Floor of store and tables were clean. I only wish they would open the drive through back up!
4	In my search for the best bagel in Pittsburgh, I bit the bullet and walked into the Einstein Brothers bagel shop on Greentree Rd, which doesn't show up as existing on Yelp! for some odd reason. But believe me it's there right next to Starbucks and the Olive Garden.    The menu is extensive with breakfast served anytime up until closing at four. I've had many different items on the menu including the eggwhite and turkey sausage breakfast bagel. It's wonderful on the asiago cheese bagel, whole wheat, and the good grains bagel. The turkey rueben excels on pumpernickel bagel and the rye bagel, and is easily the heartiest of the sandwiches.      I have a deep seated love of nova lox with all the fixings. Einstein Bros  does it right with a nice schmear of cream cheese, a thin slice of lox, sliced purple onion, tomato, and capers. This is how to enjoy breakfast, and with a cup of their French roast coffee, it's a great way to start the day. Beware, the lox and bagel breakfast can have a whopping 600 calories, I lighten it up by putting it on a bagel thin, and having them use the light cream cheese. Have the bagel toasted.  After all the tastings I've come to the conclusions that I really like Einstein Bros bagels, especially the good grains bagel. They have great sandwiches, soups, sides and coffee. Oh and a lemon pound cake that surpasses Starbucks!
2	I had a gift card for this place and decided to go one Sunday afternoon in November 2010. I wouldn't go again. They were only slightly busy but my sandwich took FOREVER to be ready. It's like it was the first day for the entire staff. The prices are pretty outrageous, too--a sandwich and salad was over $9.00, without a drink. Save yourself the annoyance and go to Bruegger's.
4	Einstein's bagels are consistently soft and delicious, and I would know because I've been here a billion times.  They almond honey cream cheese is totally bomb!  It's worth just getting a tub of it and eating it out of the tub straight up.I would stay away from the bagel poppers since they're not very good.  Actually, I'd probably just stick with the bagels.
2	I was compelled to comment about this restaurant largely for one reason.  Its dirty.We walked in and approached the counter, looked at the menu a few moments and were greeted and treated throughout our order in a very cold manner.  The gentleman making our order was the shift manager but you;d never have known it based on how he treated us.  He took my order after staring at me like come on, come on!....  he wanted all the ingredients i wanted on my bagel.  I hope having to repeat my order.  just take on emoment to process what I'm telling you so i dont have to repeat it literally 30 seconds later.  so after he finally got the order right after i repeated myself he just handed it to me in a dry way and shoved me down the line to pay and move along.So, whatever.  Its a chain restaurant right?  I dont go to them expecting to have a life changing culinary experience.  But, I do go to have a decent meal, be treated respectfully.  Its is what it is.  So we sat and ate.  After eating my bagel, which was really lacking on ingredients i start to pan the room and let my eyes wander.  This is the moment i realize this place is pretty damn dirty.The outdated looking drop ceiling tiles have dark dust handing on them.  the huge A/c duct above the eating area has never been wiped down.  Once again grime an dust hanging off.  All along the counter there was dirt and grime, expecially the bottom.  The walls and ceiling behind the make line and bagel cooking area was brown and nasty looking.  once again the ceiling tiles were dirty and uncleaned and looked stained.Overall the food was average to below average, but the place was just dirty.  Dirty to the point that they are ignorant of the fact because its right there in view.  Its been a while since I've seen a place this dirty.  Especially a chain restaurant.The nice cashier saved it for us with actual customer service, a thank you and a smile.  everything else sucked.
4	Great service and food for a bagel shop.  You wouldn't go here for atmosphere.
2	I just can't seem to get over the horrible wifi. I work fairly close to this joint, so I like to hit it up for lunch when I need to access the internet. You'd have better luck with some dial up internet. WOW! I even told the shift leader about the issue and his reply was, "Yeah I'm not surprised." LIsten Einsteins, your food is delicious and a bit overpriced. But you specialize in bagels and coffee. Wifi is a MUST.
3	I came in for breakfast this morning and ordered the Bagel and Lox. The bagel itself was fantastic - the best bagel I have had in Pittsburgh - but the toppings were not as tasty. I'm not sure whether it was the tomato or the salmon, but it tasted as if one of them had recently come out of the freezer (or at a minimum an extremely cold fridge). This really ruined the whole meal. If I come back, next time I will just order a bagel and cream cheese.On the plus side, the service was great, but some of the other patrons were a little rough (loud and seemingly unaware that they were not alone in the restaurant).
5	I feel like a discovered a real gem with Einstein Bros Bagels in Bloomfield. The staff are some of the coolest nicest people I've ever encountered at establishments of this type. They made me feel really welcome. The coffee is self-service and there's fast free wifi. It's a great place to hang out while you're waiting for your film to be processed at the nearby CVS. What I like most about it is the kind of 'motorway service stop' vibe at Einstein Bros, particularly in the decor and music choices. I feel like I'm an adventurer, Kerouacan beatnik or lone-ranging truck driver while I chow down here. I will definitely be back.
4	We were checking out College's this summer and had breakfast @ Einstein's. It was really good, Breakfast Bagel w/ Turkey Sausage & the kids got bagels w/ CC plus some of the Cinnamon Twist. The best part is my son joined their Text Club and got his Bagel w/ CC FREE. If my daughter chooses Pitt or Carnegie then we will be back!
5	Check in for a free bagel and cream cheese!The staff is very friendly. The young man who took my order the first time I was there made some great suggestions and even let me sample some cream cheese before I decided on my order. They have some great breakfast sandwiches also!Their bagels are DELICIOUS. Oh my god I love bagels. I am going to seriously have to talk myself out of going here every single day.They also have Wi-fi, so it's a great place to get a warm drink and relax for a bit!
1	The service was sub par. The restaurant was  empty and it took them 10 minutes to ring me up for my bagels.    When picking my bagels they only had three options of bagels. What Bagel shop is out of 75% of their bagels. Poorly operated
1	I love Einstein's bagels and I hatehatehate giving them one star, but the Einstein's on Baum Blvd suuuucks! The bagels are still delicious, but the horrible staff leaves a nasty, poopy after taste in my mouth. It's the same every time; I go in there- they are unbelievably rude, I refuse to go back for months, completely forget the terrible service of yore, go back and get horrible service again! It's not any particular staff, not any particular time. I can't tell if they deliberately hire people with no customer service skills or treating the customers poorly is so permissible that's just how they are trained. Either way, the last time we went in there the two employees were filling orders. So we waited patiently. Then when the one the male employee was done he left, also fine, wouldn't want the bagels to burn or anything. But when the female employee was done, she very clearly stared off in another direction avoiding eye contact or any other signal that we were ready to order. Finally the other girl at the register acknowledged us and we ordered. We got our food to go. Mistake number two (one being going in there in the first place). We ordered a salmon cream cheese bagel sandwich. It comes with tomato and capers and onions, usually really good. There exactly four little slivers of salmon on that thing! I was so mad! We get those all the time- from Bruegger's. Bagel Factory, Whole Foods- and they are always delicious! Not surprisingly it was the eye-avoider who made the sandwich.I am going to try the Downtown locatiopn and see how that goes. Then I will knw if it's a compnay wide issue or just that store.
3	Friendly staff even so early in the morning, however the coffee is more like flavored water.  Try the locks & capers for a surprisingly filling breakfast, otherwise bagels are generally lightly toasted (could probably ask them to turn it up if you want crispy).Ambience bounces on the end of a diving board into a pool of dingy.Free bagel with Yelp check-in, so give it a try to see for yourself!
5	Thank you to Steve at this Baum Blvd location.  The other day I was at the Einstein's in downtown Pittsburgh.  I had an $15 order and my gift card would not work despite the fact that I had over $23 on it.  So I paid cash My card did not scan at the Baum Blvd location either.  so Steve typed in the numbers on the back of the card and it worked!!!!!  Thank you Steve!!!!Also before giving my card to Steve he greeted me in a very friendly manner.  I noticed that he has Ben greeting everybody that way.I love the variety of bagels that Einstein's offer.  The Cranberry are the best followed by the Chocolate Chip
