4	So I decided I can't keep taking my daughter (12) to Dolce for 55$ haircuts......That is reserved for me Only!I thought I'd give Master Cuts in the Chandler Mall a try since we were there. You can't beat a wash and cut for $14.95.Howie the stylist was GREAT in helping her decide on her new cut, she wanted to go really short, He gave us alot of advice on what would look good on her, which I appreciated because I was afraid she wouldn't like her hair short once it was done.It came out FABULOUS! She Loves it , I Love it too.Howie said we could come back at any time if she needed a little touch up or if there was anything she decided she didn't like and he would fix her right up!I will keep taking her there for her haircuts from now on.And I almost forgot, she got an Amazing eyebrow wax for only $9.95!!If you stop in Ask for Howie!!
5	I thought this place was quite good. THey made me happy. I came in the shop in the evening. One girl only was working. But, she said if you come bak in 20 min i can cut your hair.  We walked around the mall a little and then came back to Master Cuts. True to her word, she cut my hair and did a very good job as well. I had a coupon for $2.00 off which she also gave me back for the next time i come in. I can't remember her name , but she did an excellant job. The salon was clean and it is in the mall so it is quick and easy.
3	For a mall haircut, I can't complain.The price was low, the wait was short, the cut was decent, but the service was so-so.  Nobody was flat out rude, they just didn't really care to be particularly friendly, either.  There was no attempt at up-selling whatsoever... no offer to shampoo, style, or sell me product.  On one hand it was a relief not to feel obligated to let them do more, but on the other hand I escaped having had only the bare minimum done and the feeling that they didn't really care.  It was evening, so maybe they were ready to go home.  Improve the service and I'd give 4 stars.
1	Waited for the time told and the two people I was told were in front of me.  After the woman started taking care of the FOURTH person and 15 min later than I was told, I got up and left!
