5	The quality of care and knowledge of the doctor and staff is great. This Phoenix chiropractor has a full-service practice (chiropractice, health and wellness and massage therapy).
5	There are many criteria in which to judge a Dr., their office, and their staff.  My short list is:Dr's knowledge of his specialtyPersonalized service (Not feeling like a sheep getting herded out asap)The office staff experienceWait time as compared to your appointment timeCostI consider myself a stringent consumer as I educate myself in whatever product or service I am buying, and I hold the experience to a high standard. Phoenician Health gets 5 stars in each of the previous categories. Dr. Majidi knows much more about the body than a chiropractor would be required to. His passion for the body shows through his work. He gives each patient very personalized service and you always end up having a good conversation about your health including nutrition and exercise. He is also a DJ so feel free to ask him about music. The office staff is always friendly and welcoming. They manage the patient load efficiently and you never find yourself sitting in the lobby waiting well past your appointment time. I have been a cash patient as well as an insurance patient here and never felt like I was even paying what one would expect given the current state of health care.The office includes other services as well including massage / phyisical therapy (My insurance covers these, what a treat), Homeopathic treatment, and even weight management. I highly recommend Phoenician Health if you are looking for a quality medical experience.
5	I was in a roll over car accident and went to Phoenician Health Group for help.  The staff is wonderful and got me back into tip top shape in no time.  I liked how each time they asked extensive questions about my overall health.  I highly recommend the Phoenician Health Group for not only chiropractic care but massages and nutritional care.
5	About 4 years ago, I had a life changing moment. -  I walked into Phoenician Health Group and met Dr. Maji.  I was very skeptical about chiropractic but after long hours in the restaurant industry and 2 shoulder surgery's I was desperate to give anything a try.  Boy, was I blown away to say the least after my first few visits, I felt better than I did when i was 15 years younger. The knowledge of Dr Maji and his staff was excellent and they put thing in a perspective that i could really understand. He is a kind and caring person and you can tell he relly cares about his patients. I would HIGHLY recommend them for any accident or sports/work related injury. I still go about once every 3-4 weeks and look forward to my visit evey time !!!  this reveiw was long overdue ................
4	Dr. M... what a life saver.  I have been suffering from continual back pain for about 6-8 months now.  Finally, I broked down and went against my massage training and decided to see a Chiropractor.  I am by no means cured, but look forward to the day when I can be pain free for a day!!Go see Dr. M!!
5	I found Phoenician Health Group a while back when I was looking to lose some weight  (they offer massage, chiro, wellness, etc.....). I made an appointment and everyone there was very accomodating and super nice. The front office staff and Dr. M were great. He takes time to sit and help with issues and advise you on what is necessary to help achieve your goals, unlike some practices where it feels like a cattle call.  I would def see Dr. M again!
5	I feel better already.Excellent Service at a reasonable price. No hard sell or any of the other stuff. Going back next week or whenever I need to. John
5	What a great find!!! Let me first say that I'm a big guy and not very many people have what it takes to do the deep tissue work on me. The staff here is excellent at what they do.Dr. Majidi did a great job adjusting me and relieving the pain I was in. The prices are very good and the service superb.They have a new life long customer.Sam
5	Great service! Dr Majidi was wonderful. He scheduled a last-minute appointment for me while I was visiting Phoenix and the adjustment made a huge difference. I felt immediate relief. Will see him again on future visits to Phoenix.
5	I had never been to a chiropractor before so was a little nervous and was leery about being pushed into buying things I didn't want or need. I can tell you that Dr M. is not that way at all. He is a very honest and knowledgeable person who is truly interested in his patients. I felt very comfortable and he has helped me greatly with my back pain. I would recommend him to any of my family or friends.
5	Awesome place and the staff has great people skills. I've had limited experience with other chiropractors, but I remember feeling pressured to buy things or spend money I hadn't planned on spending. Phoenician Health operates differently...they are genuinely interested in you and your health and do not try to sell an expensive array of services you didn't ask for.Dr. M and his staff are very personable, professional and sincere. I have had chronic back pain for years and have been feeling considerably better since I started going to Phoenician Health. They are always willing to take the time to explain things to you and make recommendations about your health. Individualized treatment that empowers the patient to be educated and engaged in the recovery process--something I feel is hard to find with many doctors. Honestly, I can't say enough good things about this place. If you're  interested in chiropractic care, naturopathic medicine or massage therapy, this is the place for you!
5	What a great place!  I found them on Yelp and I am so glad that I did.  I took advantage of the 1 hour massage and new patient exam and walked out of there feeling fantastic.When I first arrived I was met at the desk by Dr. Majidi, I gave him my paperwork and we talked for a few minutes (nice to be greeted by the Doctor, that doesn't happen very often).  I then received a wonderful hour massage and then saw the Dr. for the exam.  He really took the time to talk to me and then adjusted everything....not just my neck and back, but, arms, hands, legs, feet.....awesome!  I also like that appointments can be made easily online, super convenient.I am an extremely satisfied customer!.
5	The staff here is very professional and Dr. Majidi was very helpful and thorough during my time there. It was such an incredible experience that I felt like I'm a new person afterwards. Not only is it convenient since you can make your appointments online, but they provide excellent service as well.I'm definitely going back soon!
5	I've been meaning to write a review for the staff and Dr. Majidi but because of the ongoing issue with the other's side insurance, I had to be prudent and wait until it all settles. Now that it's settled, I can happily review with five stars.  Dr. Majidi knows what he's doing, is professional, helpful, and very skilled. I found his clinic on Yelp and the raving reviews did not disappointment.  Besides from the important fact that he knew what he was doing, he was also very accommodating and sympathetic. His staff was also very professional and talented as well.  The massage I received for my pain was much-needed.  I'm quite sad that I had to move to California, or else I would continue going here.  Thanks for all your help!
5	Dr. Majidi: topnotch - professional and skilled.
1	I usually try to write only positive reviews of places or companies, but lately I've come across one too many bad doctors in this valley and fed up, felt compelled to describe my experience here at PHG.   Unfortunately, it differs greatly then that of most of the other reviews.  It is those other reviews that convinced me to try this place. I guess not everything works for everyone, but I wanted to share my personal experience.Completely unimpressed with this place and Dr. Majidi. From the dingy exterior of the building to the dimly lit interior, the clammy handshake to his lack of attentive listening - this first and only visit was a complete waste of my $40 co-pay. I left in as much pain as I came in with.  Mostly because Dr. Majidi didn't do much of anything.  There was no physical therapy, no massage therapy included in my visit, which was disappointing as I called and asked about these things before I made my appointment.  When I tried to point out areas of pain, he actually wouldn't look where I was pointing and just kept up some weird intense eye contact.  How do you know where I'm hurting if you refuse to look?!!   He disregarded my comment about a condition I have that affects my muscles and instead pressed very hard instead of being gentle or respectful.  He didn't seem to have the instinct on how to treat me and in some cases seemed a bit too forceful.  He really only did a cursory evaluation, not a full one and didn't even want to take xrays or have the ability to do so.  I've had much better initial exams with other chiropractors before.My $40 got me a 5 minute "adjustment", some kinesio tape and instructions to keep icing my back. He had offered to do some stim and ice during the visit, but then didn't do it and instead taped me up real quick and said he was done.  I truly felt I had been ripped off.  He seemed proud to state that he treats profesional atheletes.  I'm no athlete, just a normal person in pain needing some true care and treatment.  I've seen chiropractors for over 20 years.  Some real good ones and others that were so-so.   Sad to say, I'd rate Dr. Majidi near the bottom of them all.
5	This place is great.   I've an ongoing hip problem Dr. Majidi keeps well under control with his treatments and Jessica's therapy messages.   Several people at work go here too.   We are all pleased.
5	Dr. Majidi is really great - he asks different questions every time I go and I just told him yesterday that he has a new fun fact for me every time I see him, whether it's about nutrition, exercise, or just wellness in general. He's a genuinely nice person to spend a half hour appointment with, takes good care of me, and again, really seems to care about helping me take care of my whole person. I also overheard another patient rave about the massage therapist they have on staff, so I'll likely look into an appointment with her very soon.
5	Dr. Majidi is an awesome chiropractor. He is so personable. He always remembers me & who I am...not one of those things where your doctor makes a couple notes to lookup before they see you. He genuinely remembers almost everything I tell him from where I work out to what's happening at work to my dog etc...you can tell he really cares about his clients. He always gives great advice about exercise diet etc...without saying hey you should make a nutriton appt with me. He gives advise on the places to workout based on what you're looking to do what to take before and after working out etc...and since I've been seeing him regularly the pain I was getting is gone. Jessica is great too & is a great massage therapist. If you need a chiro definitely go see Dr. Majidi
5	If you are looking for someone that is professional, knowledgeable, and caring - you need to visit Dr. Majidi and his staff. I have been seeing Dr. Majidi for over 10 years and still amazed at the amount of knowledge that he possess.The staff is very professional and courteous. You will always feel that your health is top priority with this group. Strong 5 Stars!
5	I began seeing Dr. Majidi for desk-job related back pain in October 2013. Over the course of several adjustments, he has helped me understand the cause of my discomfort and how best to mitigate it in the future.Each adjustment begins with a few minutes on a traction/roller-table. This is my favorite part! The rollers travel the length of your spine using adjustable pressure and reach all the places you can't on your own. Shortly after, Dr. Majidi discusses how I've been doing while feeling around my spine and performs an adjustment accordingly. He also uses deep tissue stimulation for areas of concern. His adjustments are executed with confidence and I feel comfortable with him. In addition to chiropractic adjustments, he takes an interest in my personal health endeavors by providing advice regarding my training approach, techniques and form. He is very active and nutrition-minded; we often engage in related conversations that are beneficial to my overall health and wellness and I appreciate the time he spends with me to do this. His office staff is cheerful and accommodating and I am never pressured to make additional appointments that exceed my needs. Because I have hypermobility, I see him every 2-3 weeks and feel fantastic as a result.
1	My tale of woe. I tried to get some basic office & financial information on a Thursday. Did not get a call back for 24 hours and should have gone with my gut reaction. My feeling with the scheduler was she had no patience for my questions but I scheduled anyway at their Thunderbird Road location. I got two emails confirming my appointment the following Monday at 10AM. Get to the office early to process new patient paperwork and find the office lights are off. Went to the dentists office next door and inquired if they knew of any reason for the doors to be locked. They said they see a few people go in from time to time but that is all they knew. Called the office number twice after 10AM wondering what happened. Did not get a return call until an hour later sort of apologizing for the mistake and saying it was the doctors fault that the office was closed. Apparently the staff neglected to tell him he had a patient is my feeling. Bad way to run any kind of a business in the valley where there is a lot of competition.
