5	As you can see, this is my first time writing a review here on Yelp. The experienced I had with Miss Timea today just makes me want to share to everyone! Miss Timea straightened my hair using the Yuko hair straightening product and I am very happy and  amazed with the results!  I had my hair straightened before but wasn't as good as this.... my hair is very thick and was very curly... always takes me about 2 hours to blow dry and flat iron it. But, not anymore!!! Anyone who wants to have a nice, shiny, straight,  healthy hair, Miss Timea can help you!!! She is very professional and really knows what she's doing!  On top of that, she has an amazing personality that the 4 hour process just went so fast!Thank you Miss Timea !!!! :)
5	Bought a groupon for this place, paid $69 for a basic set of lashes with timea, the experience was great! She was very friendly as were the ladies at the front desk. She ended up giving me way more than a basic set just cause she felt that it would look better at no charge I was so happy!! So I gave her $80 :) I highly recommend coming to this place and having her do your lashes she's really good and very friendly!!!
5	A BIG Thank you for Timea making my eye lashes look fuller, thicker. Firsr time experience and I will definitely will come back. I would recommend her 100%,who ever need to have her lashes make BEAUTIFUL!!!! Thank you again!
5	The 2.5-3 hour process it takes to have your lashes done, absolutely flew by. Timea is so sweet. It was my first time with lash extensions and I was very comfortable, and there was zero intimidation. My eyes water like crazy and it was no problem for the lashes to be applied. They LOOK AMAZING. Timea is very thorough with instruction and education of the lash extensions. I had a great experience and will definitely keep seeing her for my fills!
5	I had a lash lady I used to go to, but when she moved away, I was devastated! It was hard for me to even look for anyone else... because I didnt want a bad lash job. I went on yelp and found Timea.  Shes the sweetest... and my lashes are awesome!  She told me that I can go back for fills and let her know if I want thicker, longer, shorter.... etc... i loved that she caters to her clients preferences and also makes sure that she delivers quality work .
5	Timea did my lashes better than I could've ever expected! The entire experience was amazing! It's only been 1 day & I have already received so many compliments! Your artistry speaks for itself!  THANK YOU...THANK YOU...THANK YOU!!!
5	Timea is amazing! I would not go anywhere else for my lash extensions. She has really good hands-- my eyes never burn unlike other lash extension artists I've had experience with. She also has a very nice and sweet personality. Her treatment room is very clean and comfortable. I highly recommend her!
5	If you work in the industry you know how important it is to get your services done and get them done well the first time. I've been to ladies that aren't reliable the first time and the experience is absolutely terrible. With eyelashes falling off one after another and it's just all bad from the get go and no one has the time especially in a city like Las Vegas to have lashes falling out on you left and right when you've got a million things to do. With Timea you never have to worry about any of that. I've been getting my lashes done with her for a little over a year now and I've switched once in between for convenience sake and it was the worst decision I've ever made.I went back shamelessly and told her I couldn't go on without her! I strongly recommend going to Timea! She's very professional, the area she has set up is always clean and she's always on trend with whatever is going on in the eyelash industry. She knows what's new and what will work. You can tell she's passionate about what she does and cares about her clients Although her prices are a bit on the expensive side, you really get what you pay for. You can go to the cheap and get cheap, and I guarantee your lashes will fall out and look disastrous and unnatural you can with strong recommendation to TImea!
