5	1st to Review? @IN_N_OUT_Burger! Located near Sunset station & Galleria Mall this place is hopping!15 cars in the drive-thru @ 2 pm. BUT anyone who's eaten at In & Out KNOWS -It's always worth the wait.One of these days I'm gonna order a 10x10 and see how long it takes to finish it!Today however I went for the Double-Double Extra Pickles & Onion with sauce. My Usual!Fantastic down to the last crumb of bun!I hear there are now 7 locations throughout the valley-we could do with 10 more or the nice catering truck they have at In-N-Out!
3	In-N-Out prides itself on being one of the first hamburger stands and having stayed the same over the course of half a century. I can definitely admire a business that lasts that long, but it seriously is time this place made a few updates.One of the things this place is proud of is that it makes all its own food. No store-bought buns or anything like that here - there are windows all up and down the drive-thru, so that you can see your food being made. The end result is buns on your burger that best the competition, and some of the most delicious fast food fries around. The food is excellent, but it all goes downhill from there. First and foremost, there is almost no variety on their menu. They pride themselves on not changing it, and this is as much a weakness as a strength. As a result, the place has NO CHICKEN PRODUCTS. Don't like burgers? Sucks to be you if someone drags you here (unless you like making a meal out of bread and fries.) Also, the service is hit and miss - I have ordered a plain cheese sandwich, and ended up with a burger patty in there many times (even though I said I wanted a damn cheese sandwich - NOT a burger.) And why is this place's line always so damn long? Come on, people, it's not THAT great!In-N-Out has been around for years and still stands fairly strong. But against other fast food giants that aren't afraid to try new things and add items to their menu, they are the metaphorical dinosaur on the way to extinction. Their food is good, but not worth going out of your way for - especially considering the wealth of other fast food choices in the area.
5	I still remember my first In-N-Out experience, about 10 years ago. It was not this location, but one near Huntington Beach, CA. My boyfriend at the time (who is now my husband) insisted I experience the joy that is a cheeseburger from In-N-Out. We must have passed a half dozen McDonalds, Burger Kings are other fast food burger joints on our way there, but he assured me that it would be worth it. And wow, was he ever right.What makes In-N-Out better then other fast food burger places? It's all about quality! Nothing is frozen, you can usually see an employee chopping up potatoes for fries, and milkshakes are made with real ice cream.  Now that I live in Las Vegas, this is the In-N-Out I frequent most. I work near the Dean Martin location but due to the proximity to the Strip that place is usually a zoo. The menu is basic. No chicken, no salads, nothing but burgers, fries and some killer milk shakes. In-N-Out virgins should note that there is a secret menu which can be found here:http://www.in-n-out.com/secretmenu.aspMy In-N-Out meal of choice is an animal style cheeseburger, fries and a chocolate shake. Animal style means you are getting pickles and grilled onions. This In-N-Out location is the best I have ever eaten at, and I have been to In & Outs in California, Arizona and here in Vegas. The employees here are always fast and our order is always perfect.
5	What can I say? It's In & Out.  You can't go wrong here. 2x2, 3x3 4x4, get your fries animal style if you like it messy.  Ask for free window stickers when you pay.
5	You can't miss with In & Out.
3	Please know that this review is off of this experience only... and typically I LOVE  In-n-Out.  I got a double double with cheese... and fries. The hamburger was totally greasy... not in the good way greasy ... just ... GREASY. That is the only thing i could taste.  I couldn't taste cheese... tomato.. onion... letuce... just grease. the fries made up for it... It will be awhile before I get a hamburger here... I would much rather go to Sonic ... and get the old fashioned cheeseburger I love.
4	They have fast, friendly and competent workers at this InO. You can't go wrong coming here.
4	Mmmmmm in n out burger ^_^ soooo good. Simple menu and pricing couldn't be easier :)The burgers are delicious everytime :) and the fries are good as well. Service is fast and speedy. And they're always busy haha, which is not a bad thing :)Always look forward to eating here coming from hawaii :) Just this last time we ate there was a little uncomfortable, we ate outside and there we kids running around and it was scary watching them running into the drive in lane when there were on coming cars. I know it's not the restaurants fault, but they should atleast watch or something, cause that was really dangerous. More the parents fault though lol.The food is good though :) just got to wash the tables and sweep a little better. Ketchup on the table still and fries on the floor and chairs is not something customers want to sit in or next to lol :)Be back again though :)
5	Attended the Coffee Crisp UYE here hosted by Jennifer C & Elle C.  I brought my Son along to enjoy the grub and Yelp fun.We were first to arrive and since it was packed, we ordered before everyone.  We ordered:2 Double Doubles Animal Style ($3.05)1 Cheeseburger Animal Style ($2.05)2 French Fries Animal Style ($3.25)We brought our own bottled Water.After a 15 minute wait, our food was ready.....it was already 1 pm and we didn't see any other Yelpers, so we started to eat our food.  The Double Double Animal Style was juicy & sloppy....just how I like it!  (see pics)  There's something about the spongy, toasted Bread, gooey Cheese, fresh Tomato & Lettuce, Special Sauce, and Grilled Onions that makes me want to never stop eating this stuff.  The Animal Style Fries were fantastic as well.About 1/2 way through our meal, I spotted Paolo D & Jennifer C at the door waiting for everyone.  I went over to introduce myself and let them know that we had room at our table and that we'd also keep an eye out for nearby tables to open up so we could all sit together.  We were eventually able to get everyone together.  We all enjoyed a nice meal plus we shared in some Coffee Crisps & Caramilk Bars for dessert courtesy of Elle C from Calgary! (see pics)What a great day & meal.  Great Food & Great People = Good TimesWill I return?  This location is very far away from where I live, but if there's another UYE here, I will try my best to make it.
4	We went here today for the Coffee Crisp UYE (my first Yelp event!).Both my wife and I got a Double Double. I got mine animal style (pickles, mustard, and grilled onions added) and she got hers regular style. We also each got an order of fries well-done (extra crispy). I really like In-N-Out and this time didn't disappoint.The first time I had In-N-Out was when I was in middle school (late '80s) and we stopped at the In-N-Out in Barstow on the way to a field trip to Magic Mountain. This was before they had In-N-Out in Las Vegas. It was also before I was aware of the secret menu. In-N-Out shirts were considered very cool back then, so it was as much a requirement to get a T-shirt as a burger when we stopped.I learned about Animal Style in college and have gotten my burger animal style every time since then. They are so tasty and juicy!Unfortunately, I didn't learn about well-done fries until a couple of years ago. Until then I hated In-N-Out's fries as they always tasted like cardboard to me. I very much prefer my fries crispy and, as long as they are well-done, I now like In-N-Out's fries. I've yet to try them animal style which looks and sounds good but just seems like too many extra calories. Someday I'll give them a try.Anyway, back to the UYE. The only person from Yelp I have ever met before is Misti Y., so I had no idea how to meet up with everyone. I looked around and finally saw an empty table with a box of Coffee Crisps. I headed over that way and Peter A. introduced himself. Several other Yelpers soon joined us. I'm not much into sweets, but I have to say the Coffee Crisps were really good. They were just mildly sweet which was perfect for me. They reminded me a lot of wafer cookies. It was fun to finally meet some Yelpers, and I look forward to more events in the future!
4	I love you In-N-Out! This is my one stop burger stop. The food is tasty, the price is cheap and the fries are fresh. They even hand cut their fries all day long. In-N-Out is an old fashion burger joint that specialized in just that...burgers, fries and milkshakes.Huge, major, super important factoid - In-N-Out is one of the only places left that still makes homemade milkshakes. YUMMY!The burgers are awesome and makes sure to ask them for it "Animal style" They fry the mustard into the burger and grill onions as well. Then they top it off extra secret sauce. YUM. Also, if you are feel anti-carb that day ask for it protein style. They wrap the burger with lettuce instead of a bun. Its really tasty.This is my favorite take out burger....simple, tasty and cheap. If it wasn't for all the calories and fat I would eat here every day. In-N-Out ends up being like a Sin-N-Pout when eaten too often...I still love you Sin-N-Pout :)
4	Double Double animal style with grilled onions and a chocolate milk shake. Done Burp! excuse me. I truly dig this place. I can just sit in here for an hour and smash my burger slowly sip my rich thick milk shake and watch the staff jam out in a little fast food kitchen. Real cool ya. This place get real busy so if your in a hurry or actually believe that your the only person that exist in the world then go else where. Now if you want one of the tastiest fast food burger around, the heart stopper with fries. In and Out is the call. Prices are right in line with Jack and Ronald. But quality execution of this little menu is tip top. I  just 2ish they had mushrooms hence the four. Secret If you push on the table you can use the chair to crack your back when your stomach is massively over bulging.
5	Pretty much the best, freshest, burgers and fries you can get. Can't beat the price. Always try to make it here when im in town. My only complaint is that they don't do hand dipped shakes.
5	it is In-N-Out Burger, guys. The best damn burgers there are. do not expect a large menu. THEY DO BURGERS. As often as I go, over all of the miles over all of the years, I think I got burned once and that was even minor. The best place
3	I live in FL and we do not have In N Out burger here.  We have Five Guys burgers and fries.  This was my first time to In-N-Out and it was good.  The burgers were good, the shakes were good, the fries were good when they were piping hot but as soon as they cooled off a bit they got kinda soggy and not that good.  In-N-Out is a great place to go to get that 50's diner feel and some fast, good food.  However, it ain't no Five Guys.  People have been comparing Five guys to In-N-Out and that is like comparing an apple to an orange, they are just different.  In-N-Out is on the same level(actually better) and comparable to a Johnny Rockets.  Five Guys is more expensive, but you absolutely get what you pay for.  The burgers are better, the fries are incredible.  So stop comparing Five Guys to In-N-Out, they are on different levels.  I know one just opened in Henderson and others will soon open, they will do just fine once people spread the word because their target audience is different than In-N-Out.
3	I'd give this place 4 stars if it wasn't for the fries.  The fries are horrible.  It doesn't taste like potato.  They taste like dry grease.  Which is what they are.  I actually avoid this place because of the fries.  There is nothing they could do with the burger that could make up for how disgusting the fries are.The burger is pretty decent though.  Good meat and the cheese is usually melted.  Decent price.I've never understood the hype on this place.  I'd pick Jack In The Box over In-n-out any day of the week.
4	There's a reason for the long drive through line. It's called a Double Double, and it's literally a sublime experience. The pricing is great, the fries are fresh cut and taste great (sometimes need a bit more salt though) strawberry shakes are spot on, and once you pay the place is glassed in so you can see inside and not wonder how your food is being made. I tried Five Guys, I came back to In-N-Out. There are many who offer burgers...but order that Double Double Animal Style and either you'll hate it, or you'll think it's the best thing ever and most fall into the latter category fairly quickly. Brave the line. IT'S SO WORTH IT! And the service is always impeccable. I've NEVER had a bad experience here or a messed up order either.
5	As a native East Coaster, for YEARS, I have heard about the myth & the mystery surrounding In & Out Burger. I've been to California multiple times; it eludes me why I never made it to In & Out Burger then. Then recently, I was visiting my brother in Las Vegas when I saw the In & Out Burger sign. For some reason, I assumed it was a California thing, as opposed to a West Coast thing. Easy decision. I had the Double Double. I'm a fan, no doubt. Certainly one of the Top 5 burgers I've had ever. Everything about it is right: it's simple, it's juice, the beef really stands out. With things like heart disease, it's a good thing I don't live on the West Coast!
5	Old Reliable! This is the go to place when you have that burger craving. It is always as good as it gets and satisfys that hunger pain for lunch, dinner or late night! I always go with the double double meal and usually treat myself to a shake. That's right, the shakes are pretty darn good, and if you do not know which flavor to get, mix them up with the neopolitan(Vanilla, Cocolate, Strawberry mixed into one). There is always a line and if you had In and Out you'll know why!!
5	Learn the secret lingo and enjoy.  This place is hands down the best fast food joint there is.  In fact I hate even referencing it as a fast food place, the burgers are that damn good.  This one in particular had amazing service too - although I am partial because my Animal Style Double Double came out 10 minutes before my friends who ordered before me.
2	I'm going to go against the grain a little here and say I don't like In-N-Out. It's not this location or the price or that the service is poor, it's that the food isn't so damn good to justify why it's ALWAYS packed. It's like a weird cult of people who don't realize they're eating a basic cheeseburger and "eh" fries.When I hear people go like "OMG we HAVE to go to In-N-Out!", it worries me. That place is like the Scientology of burger joints. I get it though, they have their own special lingo so people feel like they're part of a special group. If it worked for Starbucks, why not this place?At the end of the day I'm on my lunch break... I don't want to wait in unnecessary lines to get a burger. I could get a Whopper quickly and not think twice about it.
4	It's In-N-Out, what more needs to be said? I make a 9-12 minute drive to this location, as it's the closest to my home, every once in awhile because I crave their burgers and I'm not big on burgers-- or fast food much anymore. The line is always long, but it's worth it. Double Double of Awesome should be the name. And the service has always been top notch. I know I will probably be cast away for saying this though, I'm sorry, I think the fries are overrated. Maybe that's because by the time I get back home, they've cooled down, but I just think they have a funny taste to them.
4	Everything was great here!!! Food was fresh, hot and delicious! The place was clean and the employees were friendly. The only reason this place doesn't get a 5 from me is that I've had Five Guys and nothing can compare to their burgers and fries. Sorry In-N-Out!
5	Good Service.. One of my favorite burger stands so far.. meat is just good delicious.. A good fast food to keep if your running out of great ideas or great places to eat
5	Oh memories of my first night in Vegas......I had an In and out Burger for the first time in Vegas back in 2002.  So I love it because it brings back fond memories of greasy goodness back when I was able to digest greasy goodness. Even after I had one of their burgers I became an even bigger fan when I read a case study on the In and Out burger business in grad school.  They make ONE main product and they own the entire supply chain. Because of this, they make an exceptionally tasty and fresh hamburger. They are not greedy in trying to increase their profits and compete with other markets (like making chicken sandwiches...) and they keep their location within a reasonable distance of their distribution center to provide fresh burgers.  Awesomeness to the max!Even if you aren't a supply chain geek like me, you'll still appreciate the fresh and tasty burgers In and out has to offer.
5	Customer Service, these guys epitomize it. Being bright, cheerful and courteous while closing on a Saturday night is hard to do. These guys find a way. Upon walking in I was welcomed by the entire staff. When I requested a few tips on "the perfect burger" they sprang into action and before I knew it our order number was being called. Talk about delicious. Fresh vegetables, melted cheese, grilled onions and a super toasted bun. I felt as if everyone in the restaurant could here the crunch as I took a bite. I devoured the entire thing in a couple of minutes and luckily had delicious animal style fries to keep me from ordering another. Throughout the meal the staff came by and made sure everything was as delicious as they promised. This level of service should be the standard that other fast food places strive for. Truly the best of the best for a fast food burger joint on the West Coast. (Whataburger vs. In-N-Out would be a tough decision, maybe Whataburger will expand out west)
5	Considering I was the Designated Driver tonight and had a truck full of not exactly sober people... I am pretty grateful that the person taking our order  had the skill to sort through it all. Almost like leading a group of school children through the ABC's she took charge and took down all the orders in a surprisingly timely fashion. The food was just how we ordered it (3x3 animal style, extra toast!) and as always it was sooooooo delicious. There was a bit of a line going through the drive through but I think if it's 1 AM on  Saturday in Vegas and drunk people don't want your food it probably means a lil something. Will be back, probably tomorrow for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
1	The worst, most disgusting, dirtiest, third world,  botulism encrusted excuse for a burger place in the city!!!!!I did NOT order a human hair ball with my fries, but that's exactly what I got! Half way through my fries, I reached into the box/cup/container thing........and I pull out a rolled up ball of hair. The worst part is....I really couldn't tell if it came from someones head, or somewhere else!I can assure you the part of the so-called meal that I didn't ingest immediately went straight into the garbage can, and the part that I did ingest came out very soon afterwards. Absolutely the WORST greasy spoon in town. I will never set foot in that place (or any other in n out) ever again!!!!!
5	This is always the first place I come right from the airport.  I crave the burgers big time!  I always order a double double protein style with onion and no sauce but have had just about everything on the menu and even several items not on the menu.  All are fantastic and I will continue to come here every time I am in my hometown.
5	Some of my biggest arguments with friendsAre about the haterade that they display for InNOut the best burger spot in Vegas Bar noneNot loving InNOut is like saying the movie the Godfather is lame Do you have a right say it ?..Sure  are you wrong? ..Of courseFries are not that goodShakes are a must
5	In-N-OutI don't do burgers often, but when I do, I do you.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kxYiZnd7Y-3ibdwnMFuTzw?select=Sp3cyoRY6Zoz_sNI0AXycg#_xZXL51twt-oaKO6MHTTiwThis is the burger I measure all other burgers to and as far as taste, price and consistency goes nothing else compares. ANIMAL STYLE FOR LIFE.
5	Always good food. Always good service.
4	Animal style? Oh heck yes any day shoot make that a doubled double instead. This is the 3rd time that I've tried in and out ever sense I moved to the mainland. At first I was like WTH only 4 items on the menu, did not know that they had secret slangs. But I have to say they make some bomb burgers and the fries are fresh too! not frozen!.
5	double-double animal style, animal fries and a chocolate shake!!! enough said :-)
1	Waited so long for one burger and one fries, watched my burger sit on the side for 7 minutes while they did a large order. What they should have done was did mine first, as my order was put in first. By the time they called my order up 15 mins have passed, the burger was ice cold.  First time i wanted a refund!!! There was no team work there and I could hear the employees goofing around and even arguing with each other.
5	When I was in college, I used to see if I could eat my entire Wendy's value meal while driving back to my campus. (I went to college in Minneapolis' suburbia, which is basically corn fields, don't judge.) Anyway, I would race myself to see if I could stuff myself with my entire value meal, fries in the bottom of the bag, before I returned to the Theater building. (If you must know, I won. I won Every. Damn. Time.) I caught myself unintentionally returning to this game the other day when I was at In-N-Out. I freebased that burger. The parameters of the game have had to change--many more stoplights and a longer distance from my fast food challenger and my home made this an easy win. There's something about In-N-Out that puts all other fast food burgers in a sad, shamed hell from which they'll never redeem themselves.I also really like the company's policies--those workers are happy because they get treated well by their employer. Love you, Burger makers. Love you, secret menu. Love you, cheesy fries. Love you, In-N-Out. Forevs.
3	Jack in the box is more tastier in my own opinion but still taste like a burger:)
5	I am originally from LA and the wait for IN-N-OUT was always at least 15-30 mins and to live in Henderson where the line is less than 10 mins it is phenomenal. The same great taste and quality for shorter the wait.  I love eating healthy so I would get the burger with no salt, no spread, extra lettuce + tomatoes, and yellow peppers on the side. I know it is a pain for them but they have never disappointed me.
5	Can't believe a burger taste so good... After eating one before that!
3	I like 5 guys burgers and fries better, but this place is still pretty good.  I just wish they had more options for toppings.  The fries here are pretty good.  I would love to have some ranch or fry sauce, but not sure if they have those available, I didn't see it.  This place is always pretty busy so you might have to deal with crowds and not many seating options.
2	I guess I am confused. I am from the east coast and had heard from so many people that I have to go to in-n-out. To be honest it was ok. It did not blow my mind like I was told it would. My advice is to pass in-n-out and go straight to Smash Burger. Now THEY have killer burgers!
5	Ask for whole grilled onions!
5	NOMNOMNOM In-N-Out Burger is always good :) Something that is on their secret menu is "Animal Style". You get your burger and fries with cheese, grilled onions, and  thousand island sauce--SO GOOD!! This location was very quick and friendly :)
1	The people that work here have the worst sanitary habits ever. This is not my first visit but I'm freaking tired of it! I've let the manager know, I've called corporate, and the bags and boxes given at this location are DISGUSTING! Maybe this will get someone's attention and do something about it.
4	I write reviews on In-N-Out's I've been to, like it's my job.  Because, I wish it was.  Nothing new to see here, but it's an In-N-Out.My fast food, Mecca...
4	I've been introduced to In-N-Out Burger 5 years ago and have always been a fan ever since.  It's a fast food joint with a lot of freshly made ingredients.  You can see them actually cutting their potatoes into fries, as well as frying their burgers on the grill.  I always get the same thing:  Number 1, which is a double double meal.  Basically a double cheeseburger for really cheap.  It's packed with a couple of beef patties, thick onion slices, tomatoes, lettuce, pickles and their own spread.  Keep in mind, they also have a few items on their not-so-secret menu:  3x3, 4x4 (which means the amount of the hamburger patties and cheese slices.  They also have the protein style, no bun, and the grilled cheese sandwich.  Don't EVER forget the animal style option.  It's grilled onions with their special sauce!This joint is only available in California, Nevada, Utah and Texas.  If you're in those states and those specific cities, definitely check them out.  You will be hooked!  Trust me :)
4	This particular In-N-Out location is a decent one. Clean on the inside. Orders are always correct. Never too busy or too crowded.Now, I'm not all that into the burgers at In-N-Out. I know, blasphemy! But whatever. I personally do not care for them. They're not bad by any means, but I don't think they're all that good either.What I do LOVE and crave here are the animal-style fries. Say what? Just say yes. Get your fries animal-style. They are delicious and oh-so-craveworthy.  Yum yum yum! I'm craving them just writing this.
2	I was told for years that I had to try this place.   What a waste of time.  The burgers are paper thin and overcooked.  The fries were fresh but bland. There are no other choices besides burgers here.  Only the amount of patties you want.  Plus we had to wait about 10 minutes for fast food. I would rather have Five Guys Burgers any day!!
5	Customer service is great. Food is always good. I like just plain old hamburgers and ketchup. They taste great! I highly recommend this location for fast and friendly service. Mid afternoon seems like a better time to go in order to not wait on line. I think is the healthiest burger out there. Get them hot.
4	great burgers and horrible fries and great soda and great nice service.  in walmart shopping center
5	One of the best In-N-Out Burgers I've been to (let's not talk about the one near Embarcadero in San Francisco--meh). You know how burgers look in ads? Well ours looked camera ready and tasted even better than they looked. Extremely happy and helpful staff (almost thought we were in Stepford). Insanely fast drive thru service.
4	Fast, friendly, super-tasty, clean and accurate with the order!  Even when busy, this place runs like a well-greased (pun intended?) machine and they work with a deliberate and thoroughness that other fast food chains should study.
2	Where do I start?You pull up to the drive thru, and there will be at least, and yes, I repeat, AT LEAST 3 cars in front of you.Okay, their menu consists of 3 things, a double, a cheeseburger and a single. and french fries.. but who counts that? BORING.By the time we got our food home (about 6 minutes away), it was ice cold. The cheeseburger I got, with grilled onions, really had no flavor. The spread took over the entire burger. For a company that emphasizes how "fresh" everything is, they really aren't playing it up to their advantage... So much potential.Their fries, maybe "fresh cut". But are also lacking. Soggy, not crispy. They should take a lesson from McD's on their fries.Overall, the paper wrapped burgers were greasy, and I am starting to feel the effects of it.......if you know what I mean (i know, I know, T-M-I). But I am not impressed. Make your own fries and burgers at home, slap some Thousand Island on it, and you have In N out.... possibly tastier too.so, meh. We've experienced better.
3	Pretty good for fast food burgers. Nothing else really to say. I get the cheese burger with fries and it's just that. Good quality fast food but not amazing. I don't think any fast food burger can be amazing though. Their fries are average.
5	When I die and go to burger heaven this is what it will look like. In and out said screw you to the big chains and kept it simple burgers and fries and shakes.  But do they do it well. The burgers are some of the most flavorful and moist. They spend a moment and make the burger look pretty dang close to the picture, compared to burgers from other chains that barley stay together. Get your burger animal style with some more sauce and sit back and enjoy burger food coma. The fries are good but not great, but one can tell the difference in the fact they cut the fries on site. In and out please come to the East Coast ( Maine would love to have you !)
5	I love going to this location because it's on my way back to Arizona and the staff is always friendly. Never had an issue with an order at this one. They never rush you. I like mine a special way and most get it right
5	Still the best staff and customer service of any of the fast food chains, and excellent food as well!
5	Moved away from In-N-Out to Colorado and this was literally the first stop I made once we landed in Vegas. Get a burger, of course, and make it animal style. You won't be disappointed.
5	FRESH BEEF THAT'S NEVER FROZEN2013 INOB celebrated its' 65th anniversary. Yu-go chauffeur even got a t-shirt to commemorate the occasion. I think he has a dozen of their cool t-shirts representing different years.Their beef burgers are never frozen. Buns made without preservatives. Hand leaf their lettuce everyday. Fries are peeled and diced daily from fresh Kennebec potatoes. And, the fries are cooked in 100% cholesterol free oil since 1948.Extra thousand island dressing and grilled onions and it's burger time for us. Tough to beat the quality, price and service. Been coming to this location for ten years and it never fails to deliver my burger as I want it.
4	Always good- sometimes the fries are terrible, but last time I went there they were perfect! If you guys read this- please keep making them longer and softer! Tiny bits of burnt fries are a no no!
5	Amazing location.  It is right off the freeway near the Galleria Mall and the Walmart for those who like to shop.  The drive thru can be very busy but don't despair, it is fast hence the in and out... Or so I think.  Look at the bottom of your drink cup.  There is a biblical verse which is cool for those who read the Bible.  I guess there is a little bit of something for everyone.  Great burgers and fries.  Animal style your orders and you'll love it.
3	I don't like fast food!  I can't eat at McDonald's, Jack's or Burger King... However In N Out Burger makes a good burger, it doesn't have that nasty fast food smell when you walk in the door.  If your in Henderson and need a quick bite, this the the place for a quick burger and fries!
5	Greatest Burgers!!!! And don''t forget to ask about the secret hidden menu items!
5	Seriously? Can you even think of writing a bad review of In-N-Out?I do love the burgers here. I order mine protein style (no bun) so flippin yummy!This place is busy, and that is fantastic, I love to people watch and eat tasty burgers! Animal style fries, oh yes lord!
2	Loved this location so much but the last three visits included a 10 minute wait in line and they still said, "pull around and wait for the food" - way to pull best practices from all the other shitty fast food joints.At least the guy was honest and said he gave our food to the car ahead of us and needed to recook everything. Advice: go to another location!!!
4	Take it from a first timer from out of state - very good burgers, fries, and shakes. This location was packed at 1:30 PM, and is kept very clean. It's also a great stop on the way from your hotel on the strip when you're going or coming from Hoover dam. I ordered a hamburger, fries, and a chocolate shake. I was not disappointed. :)
5	Love the food and Love the service!I will admit that I wasn't too big of a fan of In-N-Out because of the french fries. They were always kind of soggy and lacked flavor but then I found out you can order them well done!  Hip Hip Hooray! Just the way I like them ~ Crispy and fresh!  It's kinda fun just to watch them press cut the potatoes for their french fries.  Added bonus is to order them 'Animal Style'.  Yum O Yum! Grilled onions, cheese and their special sauce really tops an already great well done french fry.  I'd highly recommend it.  Burgers are always good here which you can also order 'Animal style'.  Yay!Service here is fantastic.   They are so friendly.  It was also nice to see someone always cleaning the tables in the dining area ~  even clearing some of the trash if you'd finished but still sitting there.  I feel it's much better than many of the other fast food hamburger places.  You'll be In- N -Out but I bet you'll be back In before you know it!
5	I love this place!! I have celiac disease and can't have gluten but they are very accommodating. The lady that took my order was very friendly and helped me out. They even cut my daughters burger in 4's. The lady helped us to the table and even wiped it off for us. It's nice to be able to eat somewhere and they know how to deal with my food allergy.
5	This is my primary In-n-Out location and it is always everything I want... when and how I want it.
4	If you are looking for a quick bite on a budget this is the place! I have never had a bad burger from this In-N-Out, and the fries here are pretty good too. Sometimes the wait for the drive-thru can be extensive as many people don't want to get out of the car AC in the summer heat (I don't blame them)! Double double - hold the onions, and extra crispy fries. I also like the burger protein-style, which is no bun but wrapped in lettuce. Messy, but yummy! I've never tried animal style, but hear good things... maybe that should be next on my bucket list. :)
3	OK burgers, thin patties, but the not so secret secret menu is on line... order you fries "well" a bit more crispy in the frier  order the triple triple... three burgers with three cheese.  and animal style your fries.
4	The double double is my favorite burger. The fresh cut fries are awesome. The staff is always on their game and very friendly.
5	Great location. Very friendly and polite at the counter, as you'd expect. One of the employees came out to our table and gave the kiddos hats & stickers without any prompting, thanks!Our food was cooked right on the money and we had a great experience! Keep up the good work.
5	To wax poetic about In-N-Out would probably require at least a novella. Let's just say that It is consistently the best fast food burger that I have had.I have been to this particular location 10 times if my Yelp check-ins tell the tale. It is just a few minutes from where I live and it is right off the highway as well as near a ton of stores such as Costco and Wal-Mart where people normally buy stuff. It can get reasonably high-traffic at peak hours, but it's not the worst I've seen.The food is always great. I got my normal order tonight, the double-double animal style with no pickles, and fries lite well. Animal style is a so-called "secret" menu option, and when this modifier is applied to a burger, it gives you mustard-cooked beef, pickle (hence my "no pickle"), grilled onions instead of , and extra spread (their mix of ketchup, mayo, mustard, and pickle-that-I-like-to-consider-as-relish).You can apply the animal style modifier to fries too, as I sometimes do. They'll pile a bunch of cheese, grilled onions, and spread on top of an order of fries. It's probably the ultimate pig-out option here. As for the lite well fries that I did order, they leave them in the fryer more than the usual amount of time, but not enough for all the fries to get crunchy and oil-filled. It's a happy medium between that extreme and the relatively limp regular fries.The burger is a consistent masterpiece. Fluffy bun, beef that tastes just fine in spite of being cooked well-done, fresh tomato and lettuce, melted cheese, grilled onions, and delicious spread. It is easier for me to eat them in the same bite as my fries + ketchup when I'm actually eating in and using the somehow-always-cold ketchup in the paper thimbles. I kinda have this obsession about carefully applying dabs of ketchup to fries from the ketchup packets. I'd recommend eating in for that reason (and for the freshness factor).Also on the menu are soda (or pink lemonade) and the three standard milkshake flavors on the menu. I feel like I get enough calories and avoid those nowadays, but if you want to treat yourself, mix some pink lemonade with Sprite, or ask for a neapolitan milkshake for all the flavors in one cup.I've still yet to visit a Shake Shack, but other than that potential matchup, In-N-Out always holds its own against other fast food burger joints that I try. It's not even a true childhood favorite (McDonald's, ahem) since I only started eating there during high school. It's just a favorite, period.
4	Probably the most affordable burger, In-N-Out is pretty good if you don't want Mcdonalds or Burger King. Their menu is simple with a secret menu (animal style please!). Their burger is pretty good with lettuce and tomato. Its a very simple burger that can be easily done at home but for $1.95 its a steal. Their fries are quite small and you can grab a bunch of them and dunk them in ketchup. I wouldn't say I'd eat here often but if Im in the mood for a simple burger and fries with not much in my wallet, then In-N-Out I will go.
4	Place is always very busy and clean and my kids just love comming here.. go animal style fries and burger... and i just read about crispy fries gonna try that next time we go...
4	When you need a good burger on a budget look no further. I don't eat burgers at any fast food location except this one. The food is Always fresh and made with quality ingredients. The staff is very friendly and keep the place clean.
3	This is a good In N Out. But not the greatest location. The parking lot is next to Wal-Mart and line are long. They have messed up our drive thru orders several times so just check your bag before you leave. Other wise their food quality is good and standard to the average In N Out.
2	First time getting food from In n Out. Service was absolutely horrible for the drive thru. Waited 30 minutes in the line. Cashier crumpled up and threw away my receipt before I could ask for it, received the wrong order, and on top of that when I checked my change after realizing I was given the wrong items my money back was off!! The only upside to this was that when I called in to tell them what happened they comp'd me for the meal. Phone call service was A-1 honestly and probably the only reason I would ever go back.
5	What can be said that hasn't. In & Out ROCKS!!  This place is jumping off busy Nevadans know a good burger :)
4	Awesome location. Always great service and very good food. The wait time at night can get long but all In n Out locations can have long wait times.
4	4 Stars for Fast Food??But, they do it SO RIGHT!!! In-N-Out really does!If I have to Grab on the Go - This is Go to SPOT!No question about it. No matter what city, where we land, the food is always yum! And thanks to a lettuce wrapped burger (Protein Style) I never have that Fast Food stomach ache that I would always get from the more traditional fast food places. No, I don't need to name names...you know who they are!
1	Really. Your staff needs to learn how to read your ticket orders. We went drive thru waited for about 15 minutes which is not as bad as your usual drive thru line. We ordered 4 burgers and 2 fries. After pulling out we found out that they only gave us 1 order of fries. Went back inside the restaurant and staffs were trying to ignore what happen.  Did not even offer anything for the inconvenience. .. worst customer service ever!!!
5	The secret menu is the only menu I order from. I get protein style grilled cheese, a Neapolitan shake and animal style fries.We took our friend from Buffalo, NY to have his first experience and he was blown away. Another great tip is to get animal style and sliced fresh onions on your sandwich!
4	never had in n out before, i am from Washington. the burgers are pretty tasty for a plain simple menu. Customer service was great! I just found out about the secret menu and will order them the next time i am back here!
