2	I've lived here for three years. For the first year or so they were great. It was kept up very nice, very friendly, and helpful tenants. But they recently came under a new management. This new management has been absolutely awful. They haven't kept the landscape as nice as they used to, the tenants in Serafina are very rude and unaccommodating. Whenever something has been out of order or broken, they don't fix it until at least two weeks or more which is inconvenient for the owners. Also on April 29th I ordered a package and it was delivered to the office (still confused on why there) on May 6th. Never knew it went there or anything. So a week later I go down to the office to find my package that says it was delivered (tracking number) to the office and signed by one of the tenants, but they said they didn't have it! I showed them proof that they received it and they had it and it was signed by one of them. I basically got an "oh well" by both of the tenants working there (May 19th). I am currently in the process of leaving this place, they are very unaccommodating in my process of departing from this place. I have to pay  $1,500 to break my lease (understandable) but they said I have to pay a whole extra month of rent when I will already be moved out into my new home, which I think is bull. It also never says this in the lease! I mainly blame the tenants for giving this place 2 stars. They are thieves, liars and rude.
2	We have sooo many spiderwebs and gross bugs in this complex it's ridiculous! I thought this place was going to be the nicest complex that I had lived in so far but, hands down, its one of the worst. Broadstone Canyon Trails is way better and there prices are better. Won't be renewing my lease here. They really have ignored the grounds at this nice complex for some reason. Besides the insect problems the building itself is filthy and in need of Power washing badly! For what they expect people to pay in rent, and all there "Rules", they should really be on there game here and they just aren't. Could have been a nice place to live if the management cared but complaints fall on deaf ears here. I have numerous pictures that I can send to show all the insect issues / huge spider webs and wasps, bee's, and hornet nest's. Also, the bee problem down at the pool is really bad. We don't even go to the pool until night time because of people getting stung, and with the closing time of 10pm, don't really get to use the pool that much either.. Really need some people or Management that cares or this place will be filled with the same kind of "tenant's", tenant's that don't care.
