3	Was walking up the Royal Mile and saw their sign for Thai and Indian buffet. Who could resist?I'm used to buffets in the US which are rows upon rows of food.  This buffet featured maybe eight chaffing dishes. Decent food. Way too many fried selections for my taste.  The chicken tikka masala was sweet which surprised me. Beyond that, I can't say that anything struck me as particularly great or bad.  A decent meal, especially if you're looking for something other than British food.
1	The good: very attractive restaurant in the touristy area.  But...the food was not Indian, what it was I cannot say.  There are no Indian spices being used,I couldn't recognize any of the food.  They brought 'papadum'  and some sauces.  I asked for an order of Indian pickles and chutneys...they told me we already had them and pointed to the sauces on the table...uhhhh, ok, chutney is pretty universal (although some can be very exotic but I digress) and that was not chutney.  Next up- all of the dishes were bland and very sweet like they had been made with canned tomato sauce (or ketchup). I asked for my food very spicy and they said that the food could only be prepared as it was (aka all the food is pre-cooked and they are just reheating it).  So I asked for some hot pickle or hot sauce.  They brought some ketchupy looking stuff and warned me that it was very hot....it tasted like ketchup with a half drop of Tabasco in it.  Granted I am used to amazing Indian food in Los Angeles where you are taking your life into your own hands when you ask for your food spicy as they will take the opportunity to punish you for tempting the Indian spice deities...but...really?  Ketchup?   There were no spices to be found, I don't know how to describe the flavors in the four dishes I tasted other than sweet and bland.  On a good note they were nice to my son and brought him a little dish of ice cream as a bonus.  But they did forget to make his food and he ate naan for dinner.They also forgot to bring me my glass of wine but still put it on the bill along with a charge for an extra order of rice we did not order or get.  When we pointed this out they took it off the bill but the bill returned with a gratuity added...I'm not cheap because I don't want to pay 12 pounds for items I didn't receive and I wouldn't think of not tipping a waiter so I was annoyed by this.  Oh and it also took them nearly 20 minutes to get us the check in the first place even though we had an extremely restless small child and asked them several times to bring the check.
3	The buffet was very decent and reasonably priced compared to other place. Only con was that the food was not spicy. I would give it a 3.5.
4	This place is wonderful. Imagine getting to eat as much indian food as you can possibly imagine for under a tenner, and even better, on my favourite street in the world, the royal mile. The food is great, the staff are lovely, the location is epic. Say no more.
1	This restaurant is a disgrace. A mediocre Indian ruined by claims to be able to cook Thai. We asked if there was a Thai chef and were told to order a Thai dish and judge for ourselves (ie "no"). We ordered a som tum and got a coleslaw with raisins! Trade Descriptions should be alerted!Another table of diners were going through exactly the same farce, we noticed. Cheap though, and nice location overlooking the Royal Mile.
1	I didn't have a great meal.  Fish cakes were chewy and tough.  The pad thai was like no other I've ever had.  Clearly a low bar given their great location.
