5	Maggies Pita Palace has the best hummus in the state. It's always fresh and tastes amazing. They cook the pitas right in front of you. The prices are fair and the staff is really friendly. They always remember me and exactly what I want. Not just their hummus but their greek salads and falafels are wonderful too. The portions are big enough that me and my boyfriend (who likes to eat) can share a platter and both be satisfied. Give them your business!! Why rot in a jungle when you can relax in a palace? ;}THIS is how Greek and Mediterranean food should be done!
5	This is how it's done.  Wonderfully friendly people who remember their customers and make good food for a reasonable price.  This is not your grody fast food stand in the food courts of yesteryear.  This is good stuff.  That's about the best tabouli I ever had.  The falafel was excellent, if a little salty, hummus was perfect and my taste of my daughter's gyros was very good, not overly spicy.  It took me awhile to get here after reading about it on Yelp since it's inside the mall, but well worth the stop.This is the first time I'd been here, yet the lady remembered me just from a phone call I made a month ago to inquire about their location when I couldn't find them and didn't realize they were inside the mall.  That impressed me.
5	I actually visited here about 5 months ago, but I liked it so much I figured I should give it a few good words! I was at the mall looking for something healthier than a pizza or burger and decided upon this place. It is part of their little slogan after all!I was not disappointed. I chose the beef kabob with a side of fries and pita bread with a cup of hummus. Everything was positively fresh and absolutely delicious. And the portions were big, too. I didn't think I would be filled up after the meal, but I was stuffed!The staff was very friendly and cooked everything in a timely manner. I was surprised they weren't getting nearly as much business as the other joints around the food court. They don't know what they're missing!
