4	This place has great potential for fun times with a huge outdoor patio and bar. I'm already visualizing the Cinco de Mayo party. The outdoor fire  was lit up on this chilly night and as you walk in, you're greeted by the friendly staff and welcoming patio. The indoor bar area was designed very well, with high tables, low tables and a long bar running the length of the room. The restaurant has a comfortable setting throughout. The music was hit or miss...for a tequila restaurant and bar, I would expect something more upbeat than the Righteous Bros. I think they are still working out the kinks on music but I'd go with your traditional Mexican theme. We don't really need another Chuys. What I mean is...there is room for a legit Mexican restaurant in town so own it. Your space lends itself to the title. The queso and guacamole were crowd pleasers. Chips and salsa were not free. I'm from California and never have I visited a Mexican restaurant that doesn't provide free chips and salsa. Considering your $10 micro-margaritas, I think it's something you might consider. We ordered it anyway and it was average (marinara tasting) but extremely fresh tasting. In fact, everything here seemed fresh and made with care. I would go with the queso before the salsa. The chips were impressive and unique. The margaritas were delicious (legit with lime juice and tequila) but also very small (dusted in a few slurps). There was more ice in the glass than liquid. I think the idea was to let the ice melt but I was too thirsty and the 3-4 ounces were gone quick. Kudos for having local beers on taps. The tacos were in flour tortillas and served street style. Between the 4 of us, I think we tried all of them. I loved the grilled chicken but will pass on the carnitas next time. My chicken taco was hearty but the carnitas taco was quite skimpy and the biggest chunk, a piece of fat. Others confirmed the grilled chicken was good. I didn't hear any comments (good or bad) about the mahi or steak tacos on the other side of the table. The white bean side was interesting. I'm not sure if I would go that route again but I'm glad I tried it. Huge tip: Park around the back of the building. Traveling on Providence towards Uptown, pass The Villa and make your first right. Then take your second right into the clearly marked, The Villa Parking Lot. The entrance to RuRu's is actually in back so it's a win-win. Don't park in front - limited spaces and you'll have to walk around anyway. A large parking lot was a huge plus. Lastly, service was prompt and friendly. The new employees seem happy but it was also apparent that the names of the dishes (all movie lines such as my favorite "Fat Guy in a Little Coat", was a confusing way to name dishes versus calling it, Grilled Chicken Taco. It was fun though. This is a happy addition to Charlotte and I hope they continue to improve on a great foundation. I cannot stress enough how awesome the design of the restaurant and bar are. We also liked the street style taco and small portions for good value. Even with my few not so favorable comments, it's well deserving of 4 stars after two days of being open. I'm sure it will get better and better with time. And, if you want us to buy tequila, then we want to hear some lively music at the risk of changing your Hollywood, eclectic Pandora station.
4	Upon entering, the patio is incredible!  I Once the temperature warms up, that will be one serious hot spot.  It's all set in a gorgeous 1920's villa, and it visually does not disappoint.  The music was slightly a buzz kill (Shaggy, Blink 182 , Smash Mouth, and other 90's songs..) but I'm hoping they'll work out the kink on that one.  The staff was very welcoming and friendly, happy to suggest items from the menu.  The items on the menu are all named from lines from movies, which is really fun!  Food was great - Wonderful chili queso, tacos are priced between $3-$4, sides additional, and I thought $9 for a small bowl of chili was a little steep.  They offer a very eclectic cocktail menu and frozen margaritas which is also a nice addition.  Overall, great place!  I knocked off a star for the music and pricing, and the fact that chips and salsa weren't free..  Other than that, a must try.
4	For years, I have wanted a restaurant to move into this location, in a gorgeous 1920's Spanish villa.  I've always thought that the back patio is gorgeous and would be a fantastic spot for a restaurant; I am so glad that RuRu's decided to go into this location!As other reviewers have said, the patio is a-mazing.  I can not wait for nicer weather.  There is an outdoor bar, tv, lots of tables / benches, and a beautiful fountain.  We tried RuRu's on a Wednesday - we arrived around 6:30 and there were plenty of tables available.  When we left at 8, the place was pretty hopping, but I don't believe there was a wait.  The food was good, but it's kind of a bummer that you have to pay $5 for chips and salsa (this made me give 4 stars instead of 5).  We got the chips and queso ($7) and it was delicious.  The chips are homemade and the queso was some of the best I have ever had.  We both got quesadillas for our entrees - womp womp, we are boring.  I guess we covered the melted cheese and bread options they had, though.They have a fun drink menu and everything on the menu is named after memorable lines / nicknames from movies.  I took a pic of the menu; sorry if it is a little blurry.  I'll definitely be back and absolutely can not wait for warmer weather so we can enjoy the patio out back!
5	Excellent margaritas, exquisite guacamole and fantastic atmosphere.  Service was great too.  Glad I tried it out and can't wait to come back.
2	Really?  Having to pay for chips and salsa at a mexican restaurant? Plus the salsa sucked. Also no kids menu. On the plus side, the burrito and quesadilla were okay.
4	Been here twice and have not been disappointed. Take some time and really explore the menu...and the cocktail list has some hidden gems on there as well. The menu names are killer....can't wait to go back again.
3	Overall, this place had a great atmosphere. Inside, the bar and dining area is very nice, but the outdoor patio area was even nicer. Decent amount of space heaters, outside bar, and a few TVs. I was a little disappointed with the food. Unlike most Mexican restaurants, you have to order chips and salsa. We ordered chips and queso, which was just OK. The chips were great, but the queso was luke warm at best. I also ordered the organic rice bowl, which wasn't bad, but similar to one at Chipotle ($2 less). Overall, this is a great place to hang out and have a drink with decent food.
4	First time tonight.  Loved it. Good food. Had the trio dip combo with the chips. The salsa bowl was delicious as were the other two dips which were. Avocado and quesa. Good service. Nice burrito and salads. Patio is great looking , fire coming out of the pedestals was a very classy touch.  Great outdoor furniture. We ate inside. Comfortable booth, well padded. And booth area was more quiet than the bar area which was very noisy. Awesome restrooms, great decor  good service. Great parking.  Should be a big hit. Is a little expensive compared to some simple Mexican places,  they also charged $5 for a salsa refill. Which is free at most Mex places.
5	Everything is made on the house starting from our home made salsa , to our home made carnitas & chicharones , all of our proteins are fresh & prepared daily & marinated them to perfection . Don't hesitate & come check out the new hot Mexican spot on Myers park!
4	Love this place! This new restaurant is set in a Spanish villa and has a fun and classy ambiance! There is a huge patio complete with small firepits and an outdoor bar.  There is plenty of parking available as well. The menu is Tex-Mex. There are plenty of delicious vegetarian options. Everything is reasonably priced, and the food is delicious. Would DEFINITELY recommend the Calamari as a starter. This is probably one of the best versions of calamari I have ever had. The guacamole, salsa, and cheese are pretty good, not the best. The tacos are delicious!They serve beer, wine, and cocktails. They have a very creative and interesting cocktail list. Great ambiance, delicious food, great drinks, and reasonable pricing. I will definitely be back!!
4	I loved the ambiance of this place. Hidden in the back of the Villa off Providence it is like a little oasis with its large gorgeous patio. The inside is nice, classy, and perfect for a girl's night over frozen margaritas or first date. Parking out back is easy.My SO and I had wings as an app. I recommend them. They are crispy and covered in a tasty sweet chili sauce but not spicy. We shared a few tacos. We loved the skirt steak, carnitas, Korean steak, and crispy chicken.. Not crazy about the tofu (not much taste) or mahi mahi. The "famous" creamy white beans had way too much lime but overall okay. Great service, our bartenders were very nice and attentive. I cannot wait for the weather to warm up to enjoy that patio! Lots of other yummy looking items I look forward to trying. We will definitely be back for more.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place!We went here on a whim early one Saturday night, and we weren't disappointed!  The atmosphere was really cool, and our waitress was very kind and genuine with great recommendations.We ordered several tacos and apps, and the crispy fried chicken, shrimp, fried oyster, and carnitas tacos were our favorite.  I don't know what they put in that zesty sauce, but it's perfect! I also really liked the balance and texture of the different toppings on each taco. I'd also recommend ordering the special queso to go with the tacos, because isn't everything better with cheese sauce to dip it in?!?Oh, and the WINGS--- you absolutely have to order the wings!! My husband and I are big foodies, and I have to say, these are the best wings we've ever had.  (I know, weird considering this is supposed to be a Mexican place lol).  The slight crispy texture, the sweet and yet spicy glaze sauce, and the horseradish crema on top were just phenomenal!Their version of Guac was really the only thing I wasn't a fan of, but other than that, a flawless experience!
2	First off, where are you supposed to park? We found a spot in the back in a tiny parking lot, which then put us in the back entrance of the restaurant which is set up like a long narrow house. We had a group of 7 - and they put us in what I guess would be the living room with bookshelves, a fireplace and a few small tables. Which is unique, but where are we supposed to eat? I ordered a $10 margarita - it was ok. A little tart for my liking. And we all shared the trio which was guac, queso & salsa. This would have been better to share if we were sitting at a table! We all ordered some tacos and honestly no one was impressed! They were fine, but Ive had better. The prices were a little on the high side so not sure we'll be back.
1	Paying for chips and salsa at a Mexican restaurant is absolutely ridiculous, especially when nothing was that good. Maybe they charge because its in the heart of yuppy Myers Park. Tacos were at most ok. Margaritas were overpriced and not good. Service was ok. Don't waste your time with this place as there are way better Mexican places in Charlotte.
2	Pretty good food, but crappy service.  This was our first time here, so we ordered waters with a few food items to test the waters...  The bartender took our order and we never saw him again.  We couldn't even order any cocktails or more food, which is a shame because it was really tasty.  We had to suck on ice cubes to soothe or tonnes from the spicy food.  Not a good first impression for a new restaurant.
2	I walked out of Ru Ru's the first time thinking the place had great potential. They definitely need to work on their service - it's slow and having all the staff linger around the bar, chit chat and eat there seemed a little weird/unprofessional? But whatever, place seems cool - I'd come back here with friends! The ambiance is beautiful and I was already envisioning spending many warm afternoons and evening on their patio enjoying a margarita or two. I came back a week later with some friends and this time we walked out just after a round of drinks and apps because the food was unimpressive and some aspects of the service were pretty bad too. My first time there we tried all the tacos and while the two chicken ones (fried & grilled) were really good, the others were mediocre. My second visit there we had the chips and guac, wings and calamari. The calamari was good, the guac was ok, but the wings were very gamey. What really drove us out though were the drinks. Aside from taking forever to get to us, they weren't even good. We also had a live bartending lesson going on behind our table at the bar, because of which they turned off the music. Really? we had to request it be turned back on (which they did eventually) because the place was really quiet and we could hear the step by step instructions on how our drinks were being prepared. Nothing wrong with that, but it was killing the vibe a bit. It's a great location, great set-up, perhaps it's still a diamond in the rough and needs a little more time?
2	We had a group of 12 at RuRu's for dinner on a Friday night. I called the day of to make a reservation. We got there early, so we could try the cocktails. The margarita is good, but small for $9.50. Unfortunately, it was raining and the outdoor bar was not open. The outdoor space is great with heaters, TVs and a large bar.  The hostess took us to our table, which she was helping setup. The table was set for 10 people. I told her we had 12 and her response was "ok". She disappeared and never returned. We squeezed 12 at our table until the 2 top next to us closed out. Our waiter asked if we wanted to order appetizers but none of us had menus. It took 2 times asking and another 20 minutes to get a diet coke. The food was so-so and the service slow and confused.  But the worst part is the chips and salsa are $5. Even the beautiful outdoor space won't make me return.
3	Over Christmas Break, four friends and I wanted to have dinner at RuRu's. Given the holidays and the size of our party, I decided to make a reservation about 2 weeks in advance.On making a reservation: No Open Table. You need to call.On the atmosphere: Maybe it was because of the holidays, maybe because it's a new hot spot in Myers Park - the place was packed. Good thing I made a reservation. The patio is going to be fabulous in the spring...and maybe even give Selwyn a run for it's money.On the drinks: Three of my friends got margaritas, and they all said the margs were on the sweet side. I really enjoy the smokiness of mezcal, so I opted for the "I Love the Smell of Napalm". The drink was perfectly balanced - the rosemary syrup did not overpower.On the food: Very funny dish names. We started out with "Three Amigos". The quest blanco was parked in front of me and I could not stop. I ordered "Fat Guy in a Little Coat" and "Long Duk Dong" with a side of the white beans. Both tacos were delicious. Beans were ho hum. Next time, I'd skip the white beans and get another taco - probably "Uncle Buck".
4	My absolute favorite thing about this place is the menu. Every item is named after something movie related. Movie lines, characters, etc. I love it.The location is a little confusing. It is on the back side of the building on 715 Providence. So if you park out front (where you'll see Toccare and Stagioni), walk around to the back of the building. You'll see the big patio and also a parking lot there. So, let's start with that big 'ole patio. I cannot wait until it warms up outside. It looks like a great place to hang out and to have drinks.This is not one of those restaurants where you sit down and a server automatically brings you chips and salsa. If you want them, you have to order and pay for them. Instead of salsa, I order the Billy Ray Valentine. It's like cheese dip on steroids.... a queso with chorizo, corn relish and pico. I usually get two tacos and a side of the creamy white beans. Tacos range from $3.50-$4 and you can add a side for $2. So if you go the taco route, you'll spend about $10 for your meal. So far I've had: "I'll Have What She's Having" (grilled mahi-mahi), "Uncle Buck" (fried oysters) and "Fat Guy In A Little Coat" (grilled skirt steak). I've liked them all so far. I haven't had anything from the cocktail list yet. I'm excited to try their version of a spicy margarita. Last night, they had $5 white sangria on special. I'm not the biggest sangria person, but hey when in Rome right? Or should I say Mexico?The staff have all been nice. Service has been a little hit or miss. I think they're still feeling things out since they are fairly new.
