3	Definitely a discount shoe store. Boxes up to the ceiling, but I guess I should expect that being at the outlet mall. Wasn't very organized though... corresponding shoes not on the right shelves. It was Sunday, so maybe it was a bit busy for everything to be sorted.The cashier at check-out was very friendly. She didn't suggest I get a 2nd pair for half off like they normally. Guess I saved a little money. Usually doesn't happen with shoe shopping ;)
4	Nice selection of shoes, especially for kids.
3	Another stop in my quest for fall and winter boots, I browsed the shelves at Famous Footwear while I was at the outlets returning a pair of jeans to the Gap. Standard selection and service was friendly but let me peruse at my own pace, which I prefer. I didn't find anything on this particular visit, but they have a nice selection and the store is pretty organized and clean.
1	Purchased a pair of shoes and decided to return it. They refused my return based on the fact that they were worn and they could not resell them. I bought the shoes 4 hours earlier, went home to try it on with socks and decided it didn t work. When I purchased it, they were slightly dirty on the sole which I just assumed was from others trying it on. I m not nitpicky and it was the only pair in the size that I needed available. If they are unable to sell used shoes why did I manage to get a pair out of the store AFTER the associate looked them over?? Maybe FF should consider leaving a sample size of each shoe for you to try on then you ask for a brand NEW pair that s kept in the back?!?!
1	Only gave this place 1 star because I could not go lower. I am sure there are decent people who work here however I did not experience them. There was a European woman that followed me and other Latinas around the store. She never said hello or asked if she could be of assistance, she just watched us as though she knew we were an issue. I felt very unwelcome. This lady named Rosa was very rude, and I heard the first lady tell her to stay in isle 1 to watch me. I asked Rosa about it, and she said oh well, it is life, deal with it. I was so saddened by this blatant display of racial profiling. I am always dressed well, very well mannered, and I always respect my elders. Not that those things should matter, but I say that to show there is no reason to belittle or mistreat me/anyone. It breaks my heart to know that this behavior still exists. Honestly this is the only location for FFW that I have experienced this treatment. I will continue to blog and make calls until a change is made!
1	I have never received such poor customer service at a shoe store in my life. I asked about current promotions or sales and was given a roundabout sort of answer. Later at checkout the person at the registers did not have any information about the promotion I was asking about. After clarifying the buy 3 pairs get 10% off text promotion, I could not get a phone signal to finish the text transaction in order to get the coupon code. A person trying to provide quality customer service would have given me the measly 10%, instead I was told to go outside and restart my phone until I could get the code. I'm not sure I'll return to Famous Footwear in general if this is how they treat their customers.
