3	great place to have your battery recharged. they require that you bring your own oil back to the recycle bin... which is gross and impossibly filthy. i really can't leave this place without getting dirty. but hell, i really can't complain. i like getting dirty.
5	I just bought my scooter a few weeks ago and had no idea what oil it needs.I went to the AutoZone and they were extremely helpful. Took me to the area for two-stroke engines with fuel injectors. They carry both regular and synthetic oil. Surprisingly, the synthetic oil (better than the rest) was only $3.99 for a quart.Sweetsa!
5	Thanks Autozone!   They helped me figure out where the fuse to my lighter was located and how to replace it.  $5 and 15 minutes and I was back on the road. I am so grateful that the DVD player will now be able to run on the 14 hour ride home!
5	I cannot say enough good things.  I came in with a check engine light.  Eric checked it out, and it turns out my antifreeze reservoir was leaking terribly (hose was detached and unfixable).  He, Jose, and Jose R. spent the time to explain everything to me, looked for a new part (didn't have it in stock so I bought it and brought it in), and installed it.  They took a great deal of time and care in creating a temporary seal in the hose so that I could go out and buy said part.  If they hadn't done this, my car would be toast.  They truly saved me a lot of money and heartbreak.  Eric, Jose R. (he goes by Joe), Jose, and Teresa were all so incredibly kind, generous, and helpful.  I hope their boss reads this because they truly deserve some sort of compensation.  On top of all this, I think they understood that I knew nothing about cars, yet they didn't try to take advantage of me.  That's really hard to find in the car care service.  I certainly will be coming back to this location for all my car care needs.
5	We figured out today that both brake lights were out on our car. Called this location to see if they had the item on hand, which they did. Donald helped me on the phone and greeted me also once I arrived to the store. He was very friendly and had already had the lights waiting for me at the register. After signing up for the rewards program they offer and paying for the lights, Donald also installed the lights for us!!! Excellent customer service!!!!! Thank you Donald again for getting us back on the road safely.
5	Went here for the first time and was truly impressed by the service. I had a replacement mirror that needed to be installed and though they said they regularly don't do that, they put it on free of charge. They also fixed my tail light and later on the same day when I found out I needed a battery change I showed up and they replaced one out for no charge. Great service, great prices. I recommend Karl he was very nice and helpful!
1	I feel that the system is flawed.  I bought a battery in 2010 went to have it replaced in 2012 and he said I had a different battery in my truck, it wasn't.  He fought me and I  had to buy a new battery.  In 2014 I went to get a replacement, same thing said that it was a different from the one purchased in 2012, he fought me for a few then looked deeper and saw that I was correct.  so, I lost money on the first one and almost the second.  I wish their system would not fail me.
1	There are VERY incompetent workers especially Angel  Rodriguez. Extremely rude and unable to complete the simplest of tasks.  I called to look up a part and got there to pick it up but they didn't have it due to looking up the wrong part over the phone... NO WONDER THEY ARE HIRING. THEIR CURRENT STAFF IS SHIT!
5	I had a battery problem and was turned away at the auto-zone right by my house, which is on baseline and priest. the staff there told me they could not find my warranty information, but they were more than willing to sell me another battery minus $50 credit for my old one since i had a 5 year warranty and the battery was under 3 years i should have gotten a new one. they were not very helpful so i walked out. Several days later took my dead battery to this store where it took Jarrett Kyle a few minutes to find my warranty info and i received my new battery without any problems wonderful service. I am a very happy customer it's a shame that the store that's a 1/4 mile from my House is so lousy
