4	No frills, no nonsense alterations here! Needed a pair of pants hemmed, just 10 bucks! My Wife's hem came loose on a pair of slacks, 4 bucks! Ample parking, on southeast corner of Shea & Scottsdale roads, in the Fresh & Easy center.
5	This place is amazing... had all of my pants hemmed here and they always did a fantastic job at VERY cheap prices. They knew me by name after a few visits, and even let me in a few times after closing. If I needed something back fast they were always accommodating. I even had a bridesmaid dress altered here and they did it for under $50 - can't complain at all!!!!
5	Super sweet associates and fast, friendly and affordable services.  I tried with standard work attire this week and results were great - plan to return!
5	I'm really very impressed with this place. I brought in my favorite sheet set that had a tear in the pillow sham and the duvet cover. It's a colorful, stripped sheet set and not only did she rush the job for me (because they're my favorites!), but they even changed the thread they used to fix it as the colors of the fabric changed with the stripes. The owner of the store is super cute, it's clearly a family business, the work was top notch and the price was very low. I'l definitely return the next time I need something done and highly recommend this place. A++
4	Very reasonably priced and friendly! I just love this place!They are great at tailoring and are very accommodating.
5	Had seven military patches sewn on a wind breaker w/ lining. Best price, great job! Also had sleeves shortened on a leather jacket. Fantastic work. THEY DO IT RIGHT.
4	I've had three pairs of pants hemmed here. It always takes about 7-8 days, but they do a good job and it's only $10. It's a small price to pay to have pants that fit.
5	UPDATE: One of the hems fell out of my pants after a few weeks, so I brought them back to be fixed. Not only did they do it for free, but they did it in about 5 minutes while I waited. That's some awesome customer service.
5	Had to get some work pants altered. Great Price, Great service and friendly staff. Everywhere else was almost double the price and a week until pick up. I had my clothes back in 2 days.  I will be taking back some more clothes to be altered.
5	Great prices and friendly staff, they know their stuff.
1	Went here because of the good reviews.  Sorely disappointed.  Messed up on suit sleeve length twice - first time way too short, second time uneven and too long.  Finally asked for my money back. And she never apologized even though it was apparent she messed up.  Boo hiss.
5	they do the work pretty quickly and the stitching looks really tight and well done. i had them alter one of my dresses and they were able to but the tiny gems back on that fell off amazingly. i would recommend them and they are well priced.
5	Judy did an amazing job on basically overhauling two designer men's suits for me ( lost  some weight). The cut and the fit stayed consistent with the original design. Third time was a charm as I had tried 2 other alteration places/ tailors who asked for almost 3 times what she charged me. She knows her stuff!  She is a happy person who is always smiling, and that trickles down to her staff of 3 ladies in the back who also seem to be having fun.
4	Got some jeans shortened and requested original hem and they turned out perfect! Judy was so nice, helpful and honest about what she could/couldn't do. It was $20 per pair of jeans which seemed a bit high, but I didn't shop around so I am not sure what the going rate is...I am happy with the outcome tho!Plus, she turned an old dress into a maxi skirt for me for just $18... it turned out great!
1	Let me start by saying that I am the first to give good reviews when I experience quality service.  I am careful when posting negative online reviews.  I know it can have, at least, some effect on a business.  But I have been compelled to post this review today.  Three weeks ago I took a new pair of work pants in to be hemmed.  It was quick, despite the ladies at Judy's not being terribly friendly.  I trusted all of the great reviews on this place.  A week later I went in to pick up my pants and they weren't done.  I watched as one lady took them off of the hanger and in all of 20 seconds, hemmed and pressed my pants.  Okay, I know that others have come before me.  I don't expect to be treated special.  But I did expect them to be ready on time.Then three days ago I noticed my hem coming undone.  By the time I had today off to run down to Judy's to have them fixed, they had come undone half way around the entire hem.  What kind of quality work is this?So I drove 12 miles south of my home, a trip I made specifically for this shop the first time.  I walk into the shop and up to the counter.  Not one word from any of these women.  Not a "Hello" or an "I'll be right with you".  Nothing.  I stand in silence waiting for someone to approach me.  It turns out to be the woman that had hemmed my pants the first time.  She still said nothing, waiting for me to speak, I suppose.  So I told her that the hem had come undone and that it had only been two weeks since the work was done.  She looked at the pants and began to write up a ticket.  Still nothing came out of her mouth.  After she finished writing the ticket up, she told me to write my name down on the ticket.  So I did.  I asked if she planned on charging me for this repair.  She said no.  Not once did she look me in the eyes.  She then said that they would be ready tomorrow.  I told her that I had to work tomorrow and needed the pants done today.  She then told me "After four."  Seriously?  You do a poor job hemming my pants and you can't take the whole 20 seconds to fix them now?  Great.  So I had to drive the 12 miles home just so I can turn around and drive 12 more back to this place to pick up my pants because they have no concept of what customer service is.  When all is said and done, I will have driven 72 miles and spent 6 hours of my time driving to Judy's for one pair of pants that were poorly hemmed the first time.  Absurd.  Had they been even remotely friendly or even bothered to apologize, I may not have written this review.  I will never go back to Judy's.  I tried them out based on positive reviews and it was a serious waste of my time and gas.  I cannot imagine that I am the only one that they treat like this.  Where these positive reviews came from, I have no idea.  Unlike other reviewers, no one ever introduced themselves to me.  I have no idea which lady is Judy.  I am confident in saying that the woman who hemmed my pants is likely not Judy.  I had hoped to find a place to continue with my alteration needs.  But this is clearly not it.Later today...So I went back to get my pants.  There was, what must have been Judy, measuring a woman wearing a Gucci dress.  She was friendly to the woman, chatting and whatnot.  Another gal, maybe her daughter or granddaughter, went to get my pants.  She was friendly, as well.  They had been done, yay!  The woman that was likely Judy, brought them to me and said, "Four dollars."  I told her that they were here to be fixed.  She said, "No charge".  I was happy about this.  But I think she should consider marking the tickets in such a way so that they know there was no charge.  With all of the different people handling things, it's a smart thing to do.  I wish she had asked me why they needed to be "fixed".  Then I could have told her that her employee did a poor job of hemming.  I hope this hem holds this time.  I can only guess that I was unfortunate enough to get the grumpy woman before.  She wears her hair in a ponytail and sits near the front.  If not for her, I'd go back and give them another shot.  But there is no way I will walk in there and say, "Yes, please do this but only if that woman never touches my clothing."  They clearly have plenty of satisfied customers.  I'm glad.  It's good for small business to succeed.  Unfortunately, they won't be getting my business in the future.  I provide top notch customer service to my patrons on a daily basis.  My business depends on it.  Besides, it is simply how I was raised, to be friendly, sincere, honorable and work hard.  I don't doubt they work hard, but they could use some training on customer service...at least that one woman, anyway.  Give them a shot, maybe you won't have the issue I had.
1	This is my 2nd experience with Judy's.. first time was just okay. I had an evening gown taken in a size - Mission completed - nothing to really impress me.This time I brought in 3 things to be taken in an 1.5 inch each.They said it would be over a week to complete... quite long I thought.I came on the due date and they were not done.A day later... not doneTwo Days later... they search and look and finally find my items...$41 Dollars!!! Seems ridiculous for the minor work performed. I wont be back
3	Judy does very high quality work, and I'm always pleased with her alterations. However, the other seamstresses are not as highly qualified. If you want something done right, specifically ask that Judy does it herself or you will end up visiting the shop multiple times to get exactly what you want done.
5	I found Judy's about 6 months ago....I was searching for a good Alteration business to bring my clothes too..I have been to others but never really satisfied with the quality of work....Judy's work is outstanding and I have used them several times in the last 6 months...The normal wait appears to be a week but very well worth the wait.....Great service !!!!! You can try on your clothes and she can take the measurements ,  make the markings & pin up the clothing  in no time....Very Happy with the Work and Service...Thanks Michael
4	I've been using Judy's since 1988, back when she was located on 40th and Thunderbird.  She has always done a good job although her staff can be hit and miss at times.  Fair pricing and turnaround times quoted are a bit long but they will expedite things if you ask.
4	I like this place a lot.  They do a good job altering my clothes. I didn't give 5 star because it takes about 1 week for the job.  I'm so used to couple days service back home.
5	Judy and her team have been altering my clothes for the last few years. She always does such a great job with a very fair price.  If you need something quickly she can work with you as well for a small fee.  I've even had her alter an old fur coat for me and she did a great job! I have a sewing machine and dabble in sewing small projects, but when it comes to clothing-i definitely do not trust myself at all. I love it when you can hardly tell where an item was even altered in the first place.  When we moved houses she also re hemmed all of my drapes to fit the windows on my new house. Amazing!!!
