3	My fat ass loves this place. When my fat ass wants some greasy fast food this is the place I go. Sometimes my fat ass orders the McDouble and a Spicy McChicken and stacks them on top of each other. It does, however, send my fat ass directly to the McToilet.This location hasn't ever tried to charge me for buffalo sauce either (like some of the other cheap ass locations have)
5	People who wine and dine at Mcdonald's get a bad rap. Why? Because people who don't dine at Mcdonald's aren't living and are therefore jealous. The truth is only about 20 percent of the population can full unlock the euphoria tunneled away in every bite. We are higher spirits of a different breed than the everyday jealous Mcdonald hater. "Why you hatin" was perhaps invented to suit the likes of these people. For me and my intricate complex neurology, I realize what Mcdonald is was and will always be. That is perfection. It's only because we share this trait in common that we understand eachother. Love you Mcdonalds,One of your equals
4	HOW THIS LOCATION SAVED MY WAISTLINE!Okay, first let me get this one straight, I like fast food burgers - a lot. But, that day finally came (and it comes to us all) when I thought "Hey these jeans are too tight, I suppose I should put on my fat pants instead" Only to realize "OMG! These ARE my fat pants! aaargh".That was it, the moment had finally arrived when in-between sorrowful sniffs the road forked in two directions. My lovely wife asks what's wrong and all I could say was "nothing, sniff, sniff" and when she asked if I'd like to go out to dinner to cheer up I heard the voices on my shoulder talking to me. I had to make a choice. Did I?A) Embrace the devil on my left shoulder and go for it whilst casually mentioning that all my clothes were so last season and we should go shopping together tonight too!B) Listen to that long forgotten voice on my right shoulder saying "HAR, HAR, You just got reality checked! Now do something about it."Well, after another 5 minutes of futilely looking in the closet for clothes that fit, then seriously considering if the credit card could take the beating of a of new wardrobe of clothes I let the top button on my jeans stay open and finally decided that enough was enough, it's time to take the second choice...but I was damned if I was going to give up burgers while doing it.So, here's what I did. After a year of eating out too much, and a new baby in the house I knew it would have to be cheap, so I cast aside thoughts of Subway and went to my old Favorite - McDonalds! The very next day I started myself on what I came to call "The McDonalds Dollar Menu Diet".I posted it to my Facebook page and at first my friends thought I was kidding until they saw the weight continue to come off, week after week.For lunch 4-5 days a week at this location (and a couple of dinners a week) I would have a McDouble, a Side Salad with Paul Newman's low fat Balsamic Vinaigrette or low fat Italian salad dressing and either water or a large Diet Coke or large unsweetened Ice Tea. It cost me just $3.27 per meal including tax! I was filled up, had energy and a balanced diet. If I skipped the drink it was only $2.18 per meal.This diet I chose and stuck to has put me from borderline obese back to the lean healthy figure I last had 10 years ago. Thanks McDonalds!30 lbs later I swear that I never want to go back to what I was, but I still eat my "McDonalds Dollar Menu Diet" at least twice a week because it tastes so good. (Actually, I just finished another one for lunch...)So, instead of blaming McDonalds for supersizing America I now happily say thanks for the healthy choices!
1	Why do I give this particular McDonald's a one? It's poorly run, and doesn't care doodly squat about quality or service.Seriously, the last three times I've been there I've experienced the following: 1) went through the drive through, ordered a cheeseburger Happy meal and I got chicken nuggets instead. Next time, a Happy Meal, the fries were cold. Two out of every three trips they screw something up. Finally the other day, I went in, looked the manager in the eye, ordered an M&M snack size McFlurry and got an Oreo one!! When I hand it back and say, "um... I ordered M&M's" she looks at me like I'm a HUGE bother, pours a new one and then just dumps some M&M's on top and doesn't bother to mix it. She doesn't even bother to apologize. If you have ANY other choice - SKIP this McDonald's!!!
2	Stopped by here one my way to Flagstaff so that I can have some food in my stomach and to keep me awake. The chicken nuggets and fries were actually really fresh and crunchy. It was until I went to the bathroom and realized that this place was disgusting. The bathroom was filthy and when I walked out, it was then that I noticed that there was trash and napkins on the floor and the employees just walk over it.
3	.
4	This location is in a scary neighborhood.But, the inside was renovated with McD's new interior design.  So it looks nice and well kept up thus far.The cashier I got tried to charge me for using my Living Social deal. He said it was just $1 off, when in fact the LS deal was prepaid for already.  I told him to ask his manager and she would correct him, which she did.Fries were good.  I likely will return to this location, but maybe not at night.
1	phone  review -well I was going to use 2 medium free fry tickets we got via the monopoly game. But apparently you have to have 2 people in the vehicle...1 ticket get person. So I can order 2 grilled chicken sandwich combos and pay full price  and they don't give a crap...But to piece meal the order to get it cheaper...it required 2 people in the car. J and I both call Bull shit. Keep your shit food. I'm going to Chick-fil-a.
3	Good and fast service.  Long drive-thru lines (they have 2 lanes) during breakfast and lunch time.  If you go into the dining room, you might even get your food faster than the drive-thru line.
1	Went to this location this morning because we found some extra cash in the car before work, never will I ever stop at this location AGAIN.. Or for Mcdonalds for that matter.  My partner and I walked into the establishment & each ordered a meal to eat inside.  We went to go get our refreshments, as we were waiting 3 of the employees were staring at us then would look back at each other and laugh.  As our food was called my partner went to go get it.  I watched the 3 younger Hispanic guys watch my partner reach for the trey and yet again looked back at each other and started to laugh.  Basically expressing to each other something was done to our food. ME personally care about my own health and am NOT about to eat someone elses spit OR worse.  I immediately went to the cash rep whom was the manager and demanded my money back.  The food was still on the trey as well as the drinks we got (which by the way we had not even taken a sip).  We told her the situation and she just gave attitude but for a fast food rest what do you expect... The gentleman were upset for their little "plan" didn't go through like they were wanting.  How disgusting, unprofessional, and unethical..... As we were walking out 3 other consumers were walking in.  I stopped them and told them i just got my money back & why then told them to go to the dunkn donuts down the street.  They turned right around and drove away just as we did.  I SUGGEST NO ONE EAT AT THIS LOCATION FOR YOUR OWN HEALTH. Unless you want to some food poison, or E Coli.
