4	We hired Mad City to unload our truck, and the movers were fantastic.  They unloaded everything incredibly fast, and the rates are definitely competitive.  We also appreciated their time flexibility -- we needed them at 6 p.m. on a Saturday night, and it was no problem.  The only thing preventing me from giving this a full 5 stars is that the office didn't provide the movers with any information other than our address, so they had some trouble getting ahold of us when they got here (the doorbell isn't set up yet because, obviously, we're just moving in).  Other than that, a really great experience.
5	Absolutely the best moving experience ever. Estimate was tight (and higher than actual!). And the moving team was expert, polite, fast, careful and strong - ask for Terry and Dave they are the best!
1	Terrible experience. These guys brought a truck too small for the job, so I still had to haul boxes on my own in my car back and forth after these guys were done. I got charged about $850 (including tip) for a 6 hour move. The guys that showed up worked hard, but clearly management needs improvement. I've moved several times before with 2 men and a truck and they charge more but at least my back was not sore after those moves.
1	Overcharged me, didn't wrap my furniture or provide floor runners and doorway protection like the contract stated, broke my bookshelf, and would not move my punching bag (even though it was okay'd in the quote I was given). When I complained to management, not only did I get yelled at by the owner, essentially called a liar, and was not given any feedback on if they'd be refunding what they overcharged, I decided to file a complaint with the BBB. Well, that sure got the owner to email me very quickly...yelling at me in all caps, and telling me I was wasting his time. He even had the nerve to call out MY work ethic when he doesn't even know what I do for a living! He demanded photos of me, which I had, and I sent them to him. Then, after a few more emails, he demanded the photos AGAIN all in caps lock. The owners are very rude and threatening, and I will never use them again. Ever. They did not hold up their contractual obligations written out by them, and yet, I'm the one that has to pay more. Still awaiting a response to see how they will accommodate this work, but after siding with their workers, even when photos have been provided, and yet still calling me the liar, if this doesn't get resolved I will definitely have to be taking this further than the BBB.
2	I've used them twice.  The first time was a fairly good experience:  they were professional and took good care of my stuff.  So, I hired them again for my next move.  Basically, if you have anything other than the first time slot, they will show up whenever they want, without letting you know.  My fiance and I called them several times to check their arrival status.  We had a 10-noon slot, and they showed up at 1:30 p.m.  When we complained about the lack of communication, we were told by their manager that they have 'ten trucks around town' and there was no way they could be expected to update clients about arrival times.  Very frustrating experience the second time around.   The only upside was it took them less time than expected once they arrived, so it was a little less expensive than we had prepared for.
5	Awesome awesome movers.  Very professional and so hard-working.  Took great care with furniture and boxes at both ends of the move.  First-rate experience from beginning to end.  Office staff were fantastic to work with in getting the move set up.  Right on budget.
5	GREAT experience! I read the reviews for all the moving companies in town and none stood out so I crossed my fingers and hoped for the best. I wasn't disappointed. James and James were FAST, on time, finished under the time that was quoted. Placed and moved the furniture where we wanted it...even put our bed together for our first nights sleep! The office was responsive to my requests for materials in the weeks leading up to the move. Moving sucks, but they made it as good an experience as it could be.  Id def recommend and use them again,
1	Horribly unprofessional. Very rude. Nobody has any idea of the concept of customer service. I needed to reschedule a move, so I called them 24 hours in advance and their bitch of a receptionist snapped at me and hung up the phone while I was still talking.  Needless to say, I found another service.
5	We were moving to a new state, and pretty anxious about it due to our last experience with movers. Phil and Dave showed up and did an absolutely amazing job. They were fast, careful, efficient, and friendly. We even had 3 pieces of furniture that weighed over 400 lbs per piece, and they had them wrapped up and moved out within 10 minutes! The next morning, the freight elevator was not working in our new apartment, but they didn't complain, they just got right to work. We would absolutely use them again, we were so impressed!
4	We hired them to unload our truck which we had driven cross country. They did a great job, and had a positive attitude when we had them change where some of the items went. I'd hire them again. Communication ahead of time was mostly via email and I really had no complaints.
