4	Excellent carpet cleaning company. I bought a brand new house 3 years and have been used different company around Las Vegas and have been disppointed with all of them. They all did careless work and their attitude sucks. Anyway, I got referred to this Zerorez from my co-worker, who she coudn't praise enough, so I decided to give it a try. When they (actually only one guy) showed up. I was kinda shocked at how much they quoted me to clean the whole house (it was about %70 percent more than what I normally paid before).  You probably heard alot of company used "steam" cleaning, but this was the first time that I actually saw steam coming out of the hose. I even got the dirtiest part of the carpet (the one that other cleaners told me they couldn't get it out because it was oil stain) with ease. When the guy was done, the carpet looked great. I was so happy with the result and will definitely use their service again. But next time, I will probably have them work on downstair only, since I can't afford to do the whole house every year.
5	Best carpet cleaning company in town!  All natural with no soaps used, so your carpets won't look dirty again just weeks after they've been cleaned!  Great service with technicians that are professional and friendly. They are worth the extra money!
2	I've used this company in the past with nothing but great results. and no complaints.  However this time around  I do have one.  Our appt time was in the window of 1pm and 4pm.  I got a call in the morning asking if it was okay to come over in 20 minutes.  I wasn't near ready  as I had to move the all the furniture and vacuum but I said "no problem".  I worked feverishly and got two rooms ready before the knock at the door.  The guy asks "how many rooms are we doing".  Well since I had only time to get two rooms ready I said "two".  Anyway it turns out two rooms cost the same as three rooms.  Did the guy inform of this? No.  Would it have made a difference? Yes.  My wife called the company and the woman didn't offer anything except a discount on our stairs.  We would have to pay an extra 54.00 (sounds like a scam) No offer of a credit for a room next time.  No, I'm sorry our employee didn't do his job properly.  Nothing.  This is the way they treat repeat customers?  Bummer.
5	I had not had the carpet cleaned in my house in 3 years.  My carpet had seen better days, and my dog did not help with the cleanliness of the carpet.  I contacted Zerorez after looking at reviews for several other  companies, and the majority of the reviews for Zerorez were 5 stars.  I also wanted a more "eco-friendly" carpet cleaning option.  I decided to use them and do not regret the decision.  The price was a little steep, but my carpets look amazing.  I purchased the pet treatment to remove the pet smell from the carpet as well as spots from "accidents", and all of the spots came out.  The tech used a black light to find spots i did not know about, and got those out too.  The job was done so well that we got our couch done as well, and it looks as good as the day we bought it.  I would definitely use them again, but would not get the whole house done because it is expensive.  If you want a good, deep clean, the price is worth it.
1	Heard their ad on the local radio and decided to give them a call to clean some fabric dining room chairs.  They had a minimum trip fee, which was a little on the expensive side but we gave them a try anyway.  The technician that came out was very nice and knowledgeable and had the chairs looking like new in about 30 min!  About a month after the cleaning we started to see some of the stains returning.  After 90 days the stains had all returned.  I gave them a call and talked to two different people and was told they only have a 30 day guarantee and I would have to pay to have them come out again.  I asked for a supervisor and was transferred to a voice mail.  I left a message and am waiting to see if they will stand behind their service.  If they do I will write a new review!
1	I have heard their commercials on the radio for some time so decided to try Zerorez. Upon making my reservation I was not informed of a $5.00 per stair fee.  As I have a tri-story home with 48 stairs this would amount to a fair amount of money.  The technician informed me of the fee upon arrival and said he was sorry that I had not been informed but I could pay or he would leave.  I decided to have my downstairs cleaned so I could see if there is any difference from my original service.   I stayed out of the tech's way so he could do his job.  However, the three times I came to check on him he was on his cell phone but promptly got off when he saw me.   Upon completion I completed the customer service form via email stating that I was not impressed and felt like it was a 'bait and switch' scam as I was not informed about the fee for stairs.  Two days later I received a call from a young lady in customer service.  After discussing the situation she stated she would pull the tapes of my initial conversation when I made the reservation and call me back.  This was approximately 3 months ago... I've yet to receive a call.  Overall, I don't believe my carpet is any cleaner than when I've used my original company and their customer service is absolutely not up to my standard.  I do not recommend them and will not use them again.
5	About 5 years ago my wife and I went out carpet hunting so we picked a nice light brown carpet so fast forwarding now the carpet has never been cleaned stains all over the place and a 5 year old kid spilling all over the place but anyway Zerorez came in and removed stains that I thought would never come out. The two man crew came in and I showed them what they were in for to my surprise he said that, that was not to bad so I stepped out for a little bit and my wife called menacing in the house after an hour I walked into the house and found no stains any where the carpet was like new. If you have any carpet stains CALL Zerorez great staff and great company thank you Zerorez for the great job you did
5	Zerorez might be slightly more expensive, but it is absolutely worth it. They are always on time (I have used them many times in both my houses) and the carpet never has that crunchy dried detergent feel. I highly recommend them!
1	I'd heard good things from all the advertising on this company, and I was looking for a carpet cleaner that didn't use a lot of chemicals so I decided to give them a try. I looked them up on the internet and found they're 3 room special for $129.95 but as I really, needed my bedroom, loft, stairs and an area rug cleaned I called them to find out what I would be charged for those areas. The woman I spoke with told me the area rug, which I wasn't sure what the exact size was at the time I spoke with her, would be charged 25 cents a square foot, but the actual charge would be determined when the technician was onsite (the rug is 10 ft by 12 ft) that makes it $30. So I was okay with this, what I wasn't okay with was that although I pointed out to her the areas that I needed cleaned, bedroom, loft, stairs area rug, she never mentioned the stairs are charged at $5 per stair and the small 11ft x 4ft landing area would be counted as a room so my $129.95 3 room special turned into a huge $259.95 carpet cleaning bill!! I was totally blindsided!My carpets are not that old, about 2 1/2 years, the area rug is a year and a half old, I don't have a lot of traffic through my home as I live alone so the carpets had virtually no stains or heavy traffic areas. Now here's my biggest complaint the area rug looks like it hasn't been touched and they've cleaned it twice now! They like to blame it on the quality of the rug, it's a poor quality rug (I paid $600 for it, it's not a poor quality rug) so we can't get all the dirt out!! Say that again? Well how often are you vacuuming your rug? Really!!! Hate to say this but I think after 2 tries the rug should look a lot cleaner and brighter, (it's cream colored) and it took a lot longer than 2 hours both times to dry, overnight both times before the rug dried, it was saturated!! I think Zerorez is in over their head when they have a specialty rug to clean! Despite my many complaints both about the bill and the quality of the work Zerorez has refused to adjust my bill. Do yourself a favor and give this company a major  pass if you want QUALITY and HONEST work done on cleaning your carpets!!!
1	I had a contractor tell me they are the best at what they do.  Really?  What they're best at is not being clear.  I called and wanted an estimate of carpet cleaning and then the lady over the phone said that they'll usually come by and clean at the same time.  Well, I waited for a week and a half because they're SOOO busy scheduling estimates and cleaning.  The guy shows up today only to tell me that he was only told he's here JUST for estimate.  Wow, I could had made an estimate last week and get a cleaning done today if I had known.  What an ultimate failure.  She couldn't be any clearer that it was just an estimate.  I still have all my furniture outside in the garage due to the competencies of my builder.  Can I live outside my brand new home any longer before I go to Afghanistan?  Of course I can because everyone here thinks I have all the time in the world to wait around and get things done.
5	I am selling my house and one of the things that needed to be done was getting the carpets looking good. I have pets and there have been accidents and to be honest, there is a pet smell (Embarrassing to admit). I have used other companies in the past and the carpet always looked good for a short time after but the stains always came back and so did the smell. In fact the last time the carpets were steamed the smell was worse as soon as they were done. The tach was on time, very friendly, saved me some money by quoting a different special than the one I booked and was clear about the quote. The service was fast, the carpets look great and they smell fresh. I'm pretty happy. If the stains and smell come back I will update this review.
4	Using zerorez again.  I love the fact that when I call, they know exactly what services I need!  Saves me a lot of time and I know what to expect.
5	I just used Zerorez after hearing them advertised on the radio for several years.  The technician (Ellis) was WONDERFUL!!!  I babysit my grandkids on a regular basis, and it's been 2 or 3 years since I've had my carpeting cleaned.  I can't get over how clean the carpet looks!  He also cleaned my sofa & recliner, which had NEVER been cleaned since I bought them almost five years ago.  When he looked at the recliner, he said he would try his best but couldn't guarantee he could get out all the stains (it's a beige color)...and he gave me a chance to change my mind.  Oh my goodness, that chair (& the sofa) looks like brand new again!  It's amazing!!!I was VERY impressed!  Yes, I probably paid more than I would have elsewhere, but it was well worth it.  And I don't have to worry about the residue that detergents leave behind, because they don't use detergents.  It's amazing at how clean it gets with just water!I highly recommend them!
5	They did a great job on the carpets!!!  Technician was Brett, he was fast and my carpets look awesome!!  Brett was helpful, on time, he did a great job, spots and heavy traffic areas are gone!!  I would recommend them if you need your carpets cleaned.
1	Zerorez quoted me $965 for my 4 areas plus some upholstery.  I had another company quote $335/$415 for the same job.  Now, to me, $965 just seems like highway robbery.  I wish I would have known just how unbelievably overpriced you are before I wasted my time.  Very disappointed....
4	I used ZeroRez on the carpets of our new house. The previous owner had a dog and left behind some pet stains.  I did an extra 40 dollars on the pet stained rug, and they did not come out 100% - However, the technician warned me that they were very bad stains... They are definitely not as noticeable anymore. Other stains mostly came out of the rugs except for where the previous owner laid an area rug right over the carpet, and where she had a metal heavy piece of furniture in the carpet.  The tech said that area rugs and metal can "seep" permanently into rugs.,..I was not expecting the carpets to be 100% like new- So I am satisfied despite not getting everything out.  That being said, if I have to get carpets cleaned again, I may try Stanley Steemer, but I would still recommend Zero Rez.    I only say this because Zero Rez and Stanleys are 2 of the FEW carpet cleaners that are certified by the carpet and rug institute- See here by your area: http://www.carpet-rug.org/commercial-customers/cleaning-and-maintenance/soa-service-providers/service-providers.cfmHouse is 5 Rooms, 1 large closet, 13 stairs, 1 large hallway.  Quote for Stanley was 250, Quote for Zero Rez was 280 - actual price for zero rez was 323 with the extra pet treatment.  Kind of a lot for carpet cleaning I guess? Was my first time.  Anywho, I am satisfied and a fan of Zero Rez.  Techs were very nice and friendly, they did the house FAST, 2 hours or less.
2	Oddly enough after using zerorez for a long time I was disappointed with my last appointment.  I had my carpets re-cleaned and the outcome was much better.  Additionally, the cost was half as much.  I'll be sticking with the new company.
3	They did an okay job. I've had my carpet cleaned by two other companies that both did a better job for the same price. It was $107 for a small living/dining room and bedroom. I decided to try them because they advertise they don't use harsh chemicals. Stains were not fully removed and priced quoted over the phone was not the same as when they got there. I asked to have my sofa done and they said they would have to quote it in person which I understood,  they wanted $120. I dont think this is a fair price. So I skipped that. They also did not show up at the time scheduled.  When I called the supervisor told me she was not aware of her competitor's prices and didnt seem to care that things were not consistent with what was scheduled. Hopefully the no chemical part makes up for it!!!
5	I was very happy with Zerorez even prior to them completing their services with me. From the very first interaction, I was impressed. I submitted a question via the website, and they promptly responded the next day. They investigated my concerns regarding my dyed carpets and their special system, and the day they came they called and offered to come early. When Andrew (the technician) arrived, he was kind enough to review the rates and promotions with me. I really felt like he worked with me- when I said something was too expensive, he'd move on instead of pressuring me like other places. In the end, the services that were provided suited my needs perfectly, and to top it all off, it was done very quickly and at a good price. I'm usually the cheapest person in the world and cringe every time I have to spend any type of money (even my grocery bill is disappointing to me), but Zerorez left me happy about giving them my money. I will definitely be using their services again. Ohhh, and of course, my carpets look great now!! Super stoked! Thank you, Zerorez!
5	I bought a new house that had nice tile and carpet but needed a good cleaning...the grout of the tile was black in some areas when it should have been white.  Although it cost more than I wanted to pay, the results were amazing!  So it was totally worth it!  It didn't take very long either!  My new place looks great thanks to my tech "Jan".  Ask for him! This is my new floor cleaning company forever!
5	This was our 2nd time in the last 12 months,  getting our carpet done by zerorez. Both times the tech was in time or early, and was very professional.Our carpet is about 15 years old, and with this cleaning it looks amazing again. The high traffic areas, mostly front door to kitchen was the worst, and the wear pattern is even gone.We are once again very pleased with the service.
5	I have used Zerorez three times now, and every time I have had a very good experience.  The technicians are uniformed on time (even early) and friendly.  It only takes about an hour to clean my three bedrooms, a hallway and 14 stairs.  I have always paid the estimated price and for me, it is worth a little extra to use this company because they are chemical free.
5	I don't know anything about carpet cleaning, but it's strongly pushed by various radio talk show hosts, so I gave these guys a try.The tech did a very good job, and the carpet looks as good as new. I don't think their "pantented magical water" is anything more than classic college text book marketing,  but I can at least attest that they do an exceptional job at cleaning carpets.
4	I have used a variety of different carpet cleaners in the past, but none have impressed me more than this company. I had a carpet cleaner come by my new house to clean the carpets because the previous owners had a dog and cats. I wanted to make sure that odors and stains were removed. The first guy I had come to the house was a standard carpet cleaner--he charged $125 to clean the whole house. When he was done my entire house smelled like wet dog--it was gross! I had him come back a second time to fix the problem, but it was just as bad. I called Zerorez because I heard about them on the radio and decided to give them a try. They were on time, they were fast, and the house no longer smelled like dog when they were done. I cost me nearly twice as much to get it done, but it was done right the first time.I use Zerorez for hard stains and odors, but I think they are a little too expensive to use all the time so I use a carpet cleaner in between visits.
5	We've been using ZeroRez since about 2006, having them out to our homes at least 6 separate times. In addition, I've recommended ZeroRez to dozens of clients, and know that at least a few have used them happily. Some techs are less pushy (sales-wise) than others, but we keep coming back because the result is miles better than any other carpet cleaning service we've ever used.We used a DIY carpet cleaner from our local grocery store at our 1st home in 2004 because we couldn't wait a week for a service call, and learned our lesson. We used the recommended cleaning solution, followed instructions perfectly and were very happy with the carpet for about the first day. Then, it completely dried and was still "tacky" to the touch. With 3 big dogs, our sticky carpeting had no chance.A few weeks later, we heard about ZeroRez from a flyer in the mail and had them out. The difference was night-and-day! Our carpeting was clean, soft, and not at all sticky. Now, we consider ourselves carpet cleaning snobs because we won't use any service except ZeroRez.Is ZeroRez a little pricey compared to other professional cleaning companies? Yep. Is the difference really worth it? Absolutely!
5	Outstanding cleaning. Edward was my technician and did a full walk through review with estimate prior to starting the cleaning and recommending an air duct cleaning showed me dust in my ducts after we were talking about my allergy issues and how the dust in ducts are a possible culprit. Carpets are immaculate. Smells fresh no chemical scents.  Edward was professional, polite and efficient. I will have Edward return and clean all sofas and air ducts. My home is sparkling.
3	Ok
3	I really wanted to be able to give this company another chance to make me a satisfied customer, because I do like the results of the carpet cleaning, with the lesser amount of chemicals, and it smells fresh.  I got a promotion email and decided to give them another chance.  But twice now they have messed up my appointments.  What can possibly be so hard about this?  I have specific days off, and I told them 2 weeks in advance what those days off are.  I made appointments for THOSE DAYS OFF, and then wrote it on my calendar. But when I got a confirmation email for the time I told them, it was a totally different day and time!  Guess what???? I can't be there! Last time I had to just go find another company to get my carpets cleaned. This time when I called to find out where they were, and realized it was screwed up again, they tried to at least get me in on the same day, and then found a technician to come to my house as soon as possible. So, thanks for going the extra mile to meet my needs, but why do we have to go through this at all?  Thanks for the promotion, at least it was a price I was prepared to pay.  And the technician was pleasant, smiling and did a good job quickly.  Hopefully, the 3rd time will be the charm when it comes to my appointments.
5	Have used zerorez twice now.  Very happy both times!!  Techs Anthony and Roy (I think) were professional and got stains out that I thought would not come out.  The best think I like is that they don't use soap which makes dirt come back and stick even faster!!! Very hot steam is all you need and that is what they provide. I highly recommend their services.  Not the cheapest, just the best.  Carpets stay cleaner longer.  Thanks, CB
1	ZEROREZ = ZERO SATISFACTIONZerorez = soaking wet carpet!I reluctantly gave Zerorez another chance after our previous experience with leaving the carpet soaking wet, (the first time was during the summer and it still took the carpet three days to completely dry).  This time around 'we' decided to use them again.  My wife called to set an appointment and told them how wet the carpet was last time and that we were concerned about how wet the carpet was.  Zerorez told her that 'they would make a note of it'.The technicians showed called ahead and showed up on time.  I reiterated our concern about how long it took carpet to dry last time.  The tech went on and on how we probably didn't air out the house properly...  I said that in our desert climate during the hotter months that it shouldn't take that long to dry out the carpet unless it was left soaking wet.  he agreed, but continued to speak of drying methods.When they were finished we walked up to the carpet and I put my hand down and it came up wet!  I told him that the carpet was soaking wet!  I put my knee down and my jeans had a big water spot on them from the contact.  I put my hand down in another spot and showed him the water on my hand.  The tech only laughed and said that was the process  that steam cleaning leaves the carpet wet and that they do the best job of cleaning.  I told him that a $100 shopvac would get more water out of the carpet and he just laughed and said that was the process.The tech even admitted that our polyester carpet was water resistant - which I said means that the water is sitting on the fibers, not soaked up by them.  I again stated that their system was not doing an adequate job of sucking up the water if I could wipe up water with my bare hand.  the tech just laughed again and said, "I guess that we'll just agree to disagree".My wife called the manager (Brad) who would not listen to her, he told her that it would dry.  He finally told her to call him back tomorrow afternoon and that he would bring some fans out if it was still wet.I have had carpet steam cleaned before by other processes and even used the rental stuff and have never had the carpet this wet when they were finished.I'm convinced that they use less chemicals because they use LOTS of Water. I will never use ZEROREZ again!
5	Had 2 rooms of carpet and tile cleaned.  I also had them clean my dryer vent.  The carpet looks brand new and the tile looks like the day it was installed!  They were on time, very professional and did a great job.  There was no chemical smell and everything dried in a few hours.  I plan to use them again to get my air ducts cleaned, and the rest of the carpets done.
