5	Best Dry Cleaners in town. They clean for the high rollers @ Caesars Palace
1	These guys are s#%t i asked them to sew a single button on a dress shirt and they said they couldn't because the owner that does it is off for a few days. If you want customer service don't go to this hellhole. They rely on their hotel service customers and don't give a crap about individual customers they are a nightmare and They don't care if you know they could care less!Giving them one star because that's the only way you can post review I wish I can give them negative stars...These guys are s#%t i asked them to sew a single button on a dress shirt and they said they couldn't because the owner that does it is off for a few days. If you want customer service don't go to this hellhole. They rely on their hotel service customers and don't give a crap about individual customers they are a nightmare and They don't care if you know they could care less!Giving them one star because that's the only way you can post review I wish I can give them negative stars...These guys are s#%t i asked them to sew a single button on a dress shirt and they said they couldn't because the owner that does it is off for a few days. If you want customer service don't go to this hellhole. They rely on their hotel service customers and don't give a crap about individual customers they are a nightmare and They don't care if you know they could care less!Giving them one star because that's the only way you can post review I wish I can give them negative stars...These guys are s#%t i asked them to sew a single button on a dress shirt and they said they couldn't because the owner that does it is off for a few days. If you want customer service don't go to this hellhole. They rely on their hotel service customers and don't give a crap about individual customers they are a nightmare and They don't care if you know they could care less!Giving them one star because that's the only way you can post review I wish I can give them negative stars...These guys are s#%t i asked them to sew a single button on a dress shirt and they said they couldn't because the owner that does it is off for a few days. If you want customer service don't go to this hellhole. They rely on their hotel service customers and don't give a crap about individual customers they are a nightmare and They don't care if you know they could care less!Giving them one star because that's the only way you can post review I wish I can give them negative stars...
1	Wow this is  NOT the best in town nor are they "same day service" as advertised!  Went to pick up my husbands shirts the next day and they still weren't ready.  They said they would deliver them to our hotel later that day but nope they did not do that either!  And when we went to pick them up   His shirts were missing! Won't use these guys again, ever
4	Exceptional place to get your clothes dry cleaned. The pricing per item / suit / ect. are always extremely reasonable. The staff is incredibly friendly. They have 1 day dry cleaning available on site for no additional charge as long as you can drop your clothes off before 9am. Pricing for dress shirts is about $1.50, pants is about $2, and suits are about $7-10 depending on what you would like done. They also handle all alterations on site and can almost always handle that in a short period of time while you wait. There is never a line to get in and out. The staff are extremely professional and the place is always open. You can drop off your clothes at any time of the day or night which makes them readily accessible to almost anyone. I highly recommend you check them out.
2	Ok...I have not used many dry cleaners in my lifetime, being more of a "t-shirt and jeans" kind of girl, but on occassion, I need to get SOMETHING dry cleaned, whether its a skirt, my fella's hat, or a suit jacket that we had borrowed from a friend.My first experience with these guys was about a year ago.  My fella had dropped his hat off to be dry cleaned, and asked me to pick it up after work.  He told me that when he had dropped it off, that they promised they would be open til 6:30.I pulled up at 6:15, opened the door, and walked in. Rather than being greeted, I hear "WE'RE CLOSED!!"Oh no you did NOT just yell at me.  "Really?  Your door is unlocked, and I need to pick something up, and was promised that you'd be open til 6:30."They got the hat, but did so with a very pissed off look and attitude.  Fast forward to 3 days ago.  My fella had borrowed a suit jacket for a movie scene he did some extra work in, and we wanted to dry clean it before returning it.  So, I drop it off on my way to work, noting the signage on the windows that say "Same Day Service!"I asked the girl when it would be ready for pickup.  "Oh...tomorrow."...ok...but your window says same day.Its fine, really, not a huge deal, since we didn't need the jacket same day...but if you're going to advertise same day, you should make sure that it really is.Yesterday morning, I went back in to see if it was ready.Nope.  It hadn't been touched yet.  Ok again...not a HUGE deal.  I ask how late are you open, and the guy says "At least...8." Do you not know your own hours?  At least 8.  That's a new one.  So when I got off work yesterday, I stopped by, at about 6:20.  The girl took my ticket, and asked, with tremendous attitude "When did you drop this off."  ..."Yesterday morning. And I was told THIS morning that it would be ready tonight."So she looks, and she finds it.$4.50.  Not bad.  I hand her a $10 bill. Her: *sigh* "Do you have 50 cents?"Me..."no, sorry." Thinking to myself "If I had, I'd have given it to you..."She sulks around the corner to find my change and begrudgingly hands me the $5.50.  And then, HOW DARE I ask for a receipt.  "Its on the item."Ok fine lady, I didn't know!  And next time, don't laugh at your customer for asking.If they were not near my house and very inexpensive, I'd never use this company again.  There is never an excuse for rude service.  Ever.  I'll be looking for a new dry cleaning place, but would return here if I ABSOLUTELY had to.  They do a good job on the clothes, and are inexpensive, but service sucks.
