5	Checked out Off The Hook while I was in Montreal for Mutek. If you like "Streetwear" this is your spot in the city. Even though the 10Deeps and Hundreds of the world aren't really my style I was able to find some really nice pieces by Lifetime and 6pack. Amongst the typical streetwear stuff there are some really nice finds. There sure have a $H!T LO@D of product in the shop. The staff was SUPER helpful and friendly. They tipped us of in detail to other areas of the city we should explore. 5 stars for some of the unique items in the shop and the friendly staff. Definitely worth a visit.
3	Pretty wide selection of streetwear ranging from your usual suspects to harder to find brands.  Their website/blog does a pretty good job listing the type of stock they sell, so I won't get into details.  But the third floor is currently a OTH x Vans pop-up shop and they do have a QS/Jordan account.Definitely worth a stop by since it's right on the Ste.-Catherine shopping strip and it's a offers a more diverse range than the more urban-focused City Styles and Fake Store is just getting off the ground.  You'll find the kiddies shopping here but also has offerings for the the well-dressed casual gentleman (and ladies as well).To be honest, I was a bit disappointed that OTH is pretty much the only game in Montreal.  I pictured the store being bigger and more kick selection - it's a solid store but doesn't hold a candle to other Canadian streetwear heavyweights like Livestock and the now-defunct Goodfoot/Nomad.
4	Located in the heart / downtown of Montreal, I was in town for the Canadian Grand Prix, and normally when I visit places, I try to get t-shirts from streetwear brands that are only known to be in that area.In Montreal, they have Off the Hook & FAKE. OTH is located on the 2nd floor and you might miss it if your not looking for it. They have a sign outside the store that shows you they are located there. YOu go up some flights of stairs and boom, there you go, your in their showroom. They have two levels. I went to the 3rd level but nothing looked too interesting up there, but the 2nd level is where i was shopping around.They have a good selection of Vans, and the usual street wear suspects like Stussy, 10Deep, Hundreds etc. so you should be at home when looking for those types of brands.I was able to pickup my Salute Gilles t-shirt and walked out a happy person. Till this day, I didn't wear it yet for one i'm scared It might fade and two. i gained a few lbs since I bought it.Other then that. I will for sure be checking them out again when I'm in Montreal.
1	Word of advice to anyone considering visiting this store: don't I bought a pair of broken sunglasses there that they refuse to refund me for. A more appropriate name would be "RIP-OFF the hook"
5	True to its name, this place IS off the hook. Small but well picked selection of New Balance, Nike, Saucony, PUMA and Vans. They have super fun shoes for babies, not that I have a baby but my fictional baby would totally wear kicks from here. Nice coats and solid menswear. Bags by Rains!! D&W watches and other nice accessories. Wishing you and your VISA a fun time!
