5	Great Italian Ice!!!! Its hard to choose a flavor becuase they all are so good. The owner Joe Natale is very friendly and makes great Ice. Best Italian Ice and Service Ive had in a while.
5	Finally tried LuLu's last night at the PPM.  This was after Joe had been taunting me our last 3 visits with a sample.  I finally caved and got a sample last night (after seeing someones ice up close).  Why in the hell didn't I take Joe up on his sample when he asked me on our first time at PPM?!?!The flavor is outstanding.  The texture is unbelievable!  And the price is very very reasonable!  $4.00 for 3 nice sized scoops.  J and I shared a cup and it was more than enough for both of us.  The strawberry-lemon and cherry (and I'm not a fan of cherry) combo is the way to go! :D
5	This place is absolutely amazing. The flavors are to die for. If you see this place around (its mobile) I definitely recommend grabbing a cup. They let you sample to find the perfect flavor and they will let you mix which is good because when I try them I'd like to take a huge cup of all of them. Last trip to the Lulu stand was at the Rave Run and I had Coconut/Mango/Orange.....and it was so good. If I have money and this place is around...I know where my cash is going to.
5	LuLu's is always a "must", a "go to" if you will, when I'm at the Phoenix Public Market or whenever I see one of his carts at any local event in Phoenix.  My personal favorite is Cherry, by far, but with unique flavors such as the Blood Orange Creamsicle and Coconut and with the consistency of gelato or ice cream without any diary product whatsoever, it is a very refreshing for the upcoming summer days or any day of the year, in fact.So, whenever you see Joe and he asks you if you want to try a sample, do it!  Your taste buds will thank you!
4	Tried LuLu's Italian ice at a festival, and it was the perfect way to cool off in the hot sun. They offer several refreshing flavors, such as blood orange creamsicle, strawberry lemon, and coconut. We tried some of the pina colada, and had a 12 oz. creamsicle. They both had a great fruity flavor, and the ice itself was a nice, finely ground texture. Prices were $4 for 9 oz., and $5 for 12 oz.
4	The BF and I had LuLu's for the first time tonight and it was really delicious! We shared a cup of the coconut and it was wonderful. It was creamy, cold, refreshing, and just the right amount of sweetness. The texture is really nice....not icy like a snow cone, but not overly creamy either. I will definitely get this again!
5	Happened to come across Lulu's at Southbridge Sundays.  After my friends and I sampled a few different flavors (the guy there was super nice), I decided to double up (no-brainer!) and do the coconut and blood orange together.  Seriously, the best Italian ice I have ever had.  The coconut is on a totally different level of ridiculousness.  It's a good thing I don't live around here, or I'd have a ton of extra calories to burn from constantly shoving this stuff in my face.
5	I came across LuLu's randomly on a food truck Friday lunch day. I'm from NYC.. so when someone offers me "Italian Ice" I am instantly skeptical.  My smugness was met with the MOST DELICIOUS coconut Italian ice that I have ever EVER had. SO amazing. The next time I saw the cart, it wasn't by chance, I was looking for him... and so I ordered two [LARGE] Italian and Mango Ice's! Literally its from God. lolTry it. You won't be disappointed.
5	LuLu's is great! Joe stops by our office weekly and it makes Wednesday's much more fun. He is always thinking of new and innovative flavors, which always turn out amazing! LuLu's recently added a Cappuccino Chocolate Swirl which is amazing - he also added a hot coffee float which is delicious. My favorite combination is Chocolate Bourdeaux and the prices are excellent. Be sure to check it out at the Phoenix Public Market, and other areas around the Valley! You won't regret it!
