5	The Dane never disappoints and now they have an east side location! The food is just as good as the other locations, the fresh beer is brewed at the downtown location and brought over, so its always fresh! The Friday fish fry is one of my personal favorites, although the original pub burger is always my fallback!The wait can be a major issue, as they don't take reservations over the phone so you have to come in person to get on the list. This makes for some very crowded situations. An hour and a half wait sometimes, really? At least they have a full shuffleboard table to help pass the time and lots of tvs.
4	Good beer and wide variety of food on the menu from standard pub fare to more exotic choices like fish tacos and peanut stew.  I had their American pale ale and it was good, with just the right malt/hops balance. The peanut stew was fragrant with spices, full of veggies with a rich peanut sauce--yumm.  We waited about one beer on a Tuesday night--not too bad, but Friday must be difficult.  Friendly, efficient waitress who even put up with my dining companion's flirty hassling with good humor.
4	We arrived the week they opened, and were very pleased. We were just there for a beer and some dessert. They were generous and helpful helping pick out a beer from an extensive and wonderful selection. Reservations would be a good idea.
3	Stopped in here for lunch after the Madison Half Marathon.  First off, was a bit disappointed to only have a small menu available on a Sunday for 'brunch'.  We were seated upstairs with nice views all around.   Ordered a standard burger with a beer but for a side tried the fried plantains.   The plantains were tasty but could have been fried a bit harder.   The burger was a standard puck and small (1/3 oz) but was seasoned well and had the right crispy bacon on it.  The beer itself was great - went for an imperial IPA which reminded me of Hopslam.   I liked it so much I took a growler home.  It's a fine place to grab a brew or a sandwich but I wouldn't expect gourmet.
4	Large menu filled with delicious entrees. Quality Wisconsin comfort food. I always try something new and have never been disappointed. Great place for brunch, lunch, dinner or a late night foray.  Huge selection of great beers and other drinks... also a bloody mary bar! WIN! Cozy atmosphere and a great place for families or large groups. Also a nice place to kick back at the bar and watch sports. The building is pretty large so even when it's packed you will never have to wait very long for a table.
3	Third times a charm!  This is the third restaurant in this location and by-far the best one.  Wonderful beers and pub food.
5	I love their food. I love their atmosphere. I love their service. And I love that I can walk there from my house. Great place to hang out with friends and have drinks.
5	Just found out about this location on the East side. Great area, beautiful building. Awesome views of the city, capital, and lakes from the upstairs dining area. Went for lunch with a big group and didn't hear one complaint. The food was Great. Had a falafel which was just amazing. Others also said the gourmet grilled cheese, fish fry, and green chili were very good. I normally get the fish tacos with the hellfire habanero sauce, IMO the best i've had in Madison. The garlic mussels are also excellent.I haven't been a huge fan of their beers but, the Peck's Pilsner is a favorite.Our waitress and service was top-notch! She did an awesome job especially with the large group.Will definitely be going back!
4	I really enjoy going to The Great Dane.  I love their chicken pot pie with cinnamon apples and beer bread.  I also love their potato soup, their Aztec Chicken Wrap, their artichoke dip, etc, etc.  I haven't had a bad meal here yet, and I've been to all their locations.  The food at all their locations seems to be equivalent in quality.  My husband enjoys their beers.The wait staff at this location have always been pleasant and accommodating.  Service has been good.I also love the brunch at their Hilldale location, but you'll have to expect a wait if you go for this, as it's popular.  If brunch isn't your thing, they have their late-night menu available to choose from.
4	Really like the appetizers.  There's a few tables upstairs that allow you to pour your own drink.
5	They have several vegetarian options. I have tried all of them and they are all so good I have trouble deciding which one to order. The last time I went with a friend we wanted to play shuffle board and get a bite to eat. The dinning area was full but they sat us at a table right by the shuffle board table so we could eat and play tat the same time. We had a blast. Great beer, tasty food, exceptionally friendly staff. I only wish it was closer to my house! I do prefer this location however. The fish hatchery location is not quite the same and I have had poor luck at that one.
3	This is a pretty okay place to go for drinks or meeting friends after work.  The menu is overly large, too many entrees and not very imaginative.  Conveniently located both downtown and at Hilldale.  Nothing special.  Tends to be kind of noisy.
4	Non-Obvious stuff:1.They brew beers. 2. Something to remember is when you a have a guest/s who is/are not from Madison take them here and make sure you ask for window side seating on the first floor. The guest will take a look at the landscape view of Madison City and goes 'Its really cool view..!' , and then you would say 'that's the capitol over there, coz it stands out'.Routine Stuff:Good Service, limited/fixed no. of dishes on the menu. So after going many times I have less to explore , but I'm talking about food not drinks. This is very different from the downtown one, the one in downtown is more of a busy bar. This is a full fledged Bar & Restaurant. My Favs are their Salmon, Tandoori Chicken Wrap & Capitol Falafel.;-)The waitress population is a contrast combo, some are super young & boost your appetite and some will make you think you are at your grandma's house.
5	Always a delight. Great food, exceptional service! I have never had a bad experience here.
4	I have been to multiple Great Dane locations in Madison, and now I find myself within walking distance of this particular one.In comparison to every other Dane in Madison, this one seems to have the best service.I'm not going to lie, the Great Dane restaurants in Madison are very very popular. But I seem to enjoy myself a little more than the others.Tuesday night is the best time to come. They have trivia starting  around 7, and have appetizer specials. This Dane separates itself from the others also because it offers a Mug Club. This club is a very elite group that allows you to bring in your own mug and they charge you a regular size beer price to fill it. Now...I did say it is elite. Currently, there is a waiting list to get in the club, so make sure you get your name on the list asap!If you come between 4-7 parking is a issue sometimes, so be prepared to park on the road and walk.They also offer pool & shuffle board at this location as well!
3	Good (but not great).  The beer is hit-or-miss but there is usually a wide range of options of Great Dane brews to chose from.  Best one recently was an Abbey Triple which clocked in at about 11.5%.The food is quite varied and, like so many brew-pubs tries a bit too hard.  Best choices are to stick with the more traditional side of the menu (burgers, fries, cheese, pretzels, etc.).  They have a good fish-fry on Fridays as well.
4	We LOVE this place - it is a representative of Madison!  All locations are great, but our favorite is the East side location - we love to sit upstairs and look at the view.
4	We went on a Sunday morning (11:00 am)  It was early so it wasn't busy at all.  The dining room was clean and stylish and the waitstaff was friendly . The parking lot is small. There is street parking.  We choose to sit upstairs based on other reviews, it's worth all the stairs. The food was really good.  My husband ordered a Bloody Mary.  I took a couple of drinks and couldn't get past how super spicy it was but he liked it.
3	Same menu as the Fitchburg Great Dane.  So I will start at the four stars I gave the other location.  However, the service and the layout of this restaurant knock it down to a three.  Their service is slow.  No one really stands out as friendly.  The restaurant is laid out on two floors and following a hostess can be complicated.  You would think that they would tell their hostess to go slow.  Instead, I feel like I am playing a cat and mouse game just to keep up.  The layout of downstairs is so cramped.  I feel overwhelmed when I am just trying to relax and have a beer.  I can not seem to find a place where I feel comfortable there.
4	9/2/13 My wife and I stopped in to The Great Dane to celebrate Labor Day.  The space was Cloud Nine's at one time.  I had a magnificent Emerald Isle Stout.  I watched it as it magically settled and savored every drop as I drank it down.  My wife had a Templeton Rye Manhattan.  You can see the capitol from the restaurant.
4	The staff here are amazing! My favorite Dane location.
4	Good food, good beer.  Nice atmosphere. I like the variety on the menu - American-soups, burgers, wraps, mac & cheese.  Irish items, Mexican- enchiladas tacos.  Also like the 1/2 combo options.
2	I went for trivia the other night.  I put my name in for a table and noticed an open booth.  I asked the hostesses if I could be seated there.  They said yes but then did nothing.  It took them nearly ten minutes to seat us and then we never even received menus.  The hostesses were not busy.  In fact, the hostesses at this location tend to just social with each other most of the time.  When we finally sat down, the service was slow.  Yeah, it was trivia night.  But come on.  Check on us occasionally.  Maybe it was a busy night and things fell through the cracks.  Maybe not.I dropped them a star because I tried their Apple Crumble.  It was pretty awful.  It was REALLY cold.  They took it right out of the fridge and served it.  The crumble was described as a granola topping.  It more like streusel or coffee cake.  For $5.50 and I expected a burst of flavor in my mouth.  The only thing I got was a sad, cold whimper. I would skip the pie and try another dessert.
4	Good food, friendly staff. I really dig the variety on the menu, especially the "Daily Naan" option! My one small problem with the Great Dane is that their bar doesn't have a blender...sad... During the summer they have a beautiful terrace to sit out on that I'd love to pair with a blended drink! Overall, I think this is the best location.
3	Generally speaking, I'm not a huge fan of the Dane; this one wasn't bad. Not sure what it is - they just don't do it for me...- Tiny parking lot; cars parked all along side streets+ Outdoor seating that overlooks the small parking lot+ Huge interior; multiple seating options - bar, main floor dining, upstairs dining, upstairs bar+ Looks like there are some banquet rooms available?- Upstairs bartender (in back area) was initially quite slow & not terribly helpful+ Same bartender got much better as time went on; I think there were too many patrons upstairs for one bartender+ Starters/appetizers - decent. Boneless wings with 3-alarm sauce were good, but not worth $10. Giant pretzel was quite tasty, but with cheese sauce (an unknown upsold item), not really worth $7.+ Decent Dane tap selection, full English pint pours- Limited booze selection (no Meyers Rum?)+ Great view of Madison from the upstairs roomsI won't ever turn down a visit to the Great Dane, it's just not a destination venue for me. We met a group of friends there last night for a farewell happy hour, and it was a good time in a good environment. 3-stars feels about right.
3	Good food. Good staff. Good ambience. Prices are a little high but not too bad. Have had brisket with corn cakes (good), tomato bisque soup (very good), Irish road Reuben (very good), fish & chips (good).Not a beer drinker but all that I've tasted here was very good, and they have an impressive selection.I've eaten at the GD by the Capitol, Hilldale GD, and the one out east by Grandview Commons. Consistent quality.Edit Have since been back: horrible service. Slow, unresponsive, callous. Won't be back.
3	It's a really nice interior to the place, but parking isn't convenient.The food is good, but it's pricey. Same with the drinks.  A $9 margarita?  Seriously?  And it was 99% ice?The cheese curds were not made fresh. They're from a bag. For a place this nice, in Wisconsin, for the price they charge--that's unforgivable.
5	This place is amazing!  I have been here about 10-15 times.  Never had bad service and to be honest the service has been better than most restaurants that I have been to in the Madison area. I live very close to this Great Dane and can actually walk there.  I have visited the Great Dane a few times downtown and once in Hilldale.  All were great. The food is spectacular. I typically get something differen each time I go just because they have so much on there menu that I want to try it all. Best time to go is on the weekend. Try there Friday Fish fry or their Sunday Brunch.  My favorite entree thus far is their Steak with potatoes. They also have good hamburger which you can never go wrong with.  I'm a wine drinker however I've tried their beer and it's good too. The atmosphere is pretty cool. Pool tables, darts, bar, etc. The one on the East side had an amazing view of downtown. Can't beat it. And I believe all of them have rooms for party if that is the route you need to go.  I've rented the semi private room at Hilldale and it was perfect for what we needed it for. I highly recommend giving this place a shot. You can't go wrong. Enjoy!!  And don't forgot to purchase yourself a souvenir (pint glass). :-)
5	I went to this restaurant with my family on Sunday afternoon. It had a nice relaxed atmosphere upstairs and down. The food was excellent with many options for side dishes.I took the hostesses recommendation for the Cajun sandwich and that was very good. The other specialty is the macaroni dish which my daughter had and she enjoyed it. They had at least 12 draft beers to choose from and we tried a sample platter with eight.The bacon on my wife's hamburger was crispy the way she likes it. And my sons hamburger was cooked properly - medium rare. All in all the great experience at a reasonable price.
4	I came to Wisconsin for cheese and beer.  I found both.  Not disappointed in your great state.But really, I came to Wisconsin for work and Great Dane was recommended to me by a local friend.  The beer was pretty good and I was so excited for the poutine.  I also ordered the Asian salad with seared tuna - probably not the best ordering decision I've ever made, as he put it - you ordered a salad.  At a bar.  With a non local fish.   Ok, you got me there.  I was tryna be healthy since we were eating fried potatoes with cheese curds and gravy on top!  I'm sure the other more typical bar food was much better.Service was fine and location is great - close to the waterfront and right in downtown Madison.
3	I've hit all the Great Dane locations was at the east side one today for lunch. Have to say food was a bit off. Had the Baja turkey burger. The guacamole was just not tasty and threw off the taste of the burger.  90% of the time I have had a great food experience. Today not so much. I want to say that you don't expect a home run every time, but if you are going to a restaurant you kind of do expect a home run every time. Otherwise what's the point of going there?  Would have been 4 stars but food not so great today.  Free wifi that's a plus.
3	I used to live in madison and now that we don't anymore whenever we head there this is our place to go. I usually always get one of three things but they are always fantastic. Great beer, good food, ok service. One annoying thing is the parking situation and the bars are pretty tiny. Other than that I recommend it. Keep in mind it is bar food though.
3	Came here a couple times this summer and had a so-so experience.  Great food in a nice building and great beer selection..but that's where it ends. The bartender downstairs that served us was pretty rude to me and my friend at different times. Never had that before anywhere. Sarcastic when answering a question and zero people skills or charisma.  Just a jerk. Then the other time, sat upstairs at the bar where there was a really nice vibe. But when we asked the bartender if they could turn on the Brewer game, she forgot and was reminded 1 or 2 more times, but it never came on.  Not the greatest service either. Incredible food though.
4	The brunch at the Great Dane is quite impressive and it also took my by surprise. I've always been pleased with the dinner menu, and the view of the downtown Capital is extraordinary. But, I tried the brunch for the first time today and the waffles were to die for. Melted in my mouth. I also had a bite of my aunts huevos rancheros which were delightful.
4	Stopped in here with friends on a trip to northwest Wisconsin.  It was a pretty solid experience - good food, good beer, and even the building itself was interesting.  I really appreciated that there were so many options for sides.  I thought the fried plantains were amazing.  The cole slaw and fries were also good, but I found the cous cous to be pretty disappointing.I've never been in the Madison area, so I don't know how the prices compare to the area, but they seemed a little high to me.  Nothing unreasonable, especially since portion sizes were quite fair for the price.  I just would prefer to pay less for a little less food while keeping the quality the same.Not giving the 5th star because nothing really blew me away, but don't let that stop you from stopping in sometime.
3	The East Side Great Dane is preferable to other Madison locations, particularly Hilldale or Fitchburg. The service was good and I thought the quality of food was a bit better at this location.  Also, the views from the second story of this location are really pretty spectacular, particularly on a clear evening when you will get a great view of the Madison skyline.  My only complaint with this visit was the screeching child in the booth next to us... of course this really isn't the restaurants fault - if I had screeched like that, I would have been banished to the care and barred from family outing for months... Thankfully the little screecher exited the building with it's parental units pretty quickly after our arrival.  Our "server" - the Great Dane has no waitresses or waiters was very pleasant and attentive.  It was potpie weather and I thoroughly enjoyed my chicken potpie. It came with a side of warm seasoned apples - sort of like apple sauce - pre sauce and a little pretzel roll.  Who doesn't like a little pretzel role.
