4	I generally hate phone shops, they are always pretty aggressive with their selling techniques and this is because they get generous commission for the packages that they sell, which has the unfortunate consequence that they don't always have the best intentions when they are selling you a phone, which is a shame and it seems that this is what happened when Stephanie went there.However, when I went there, I was surprised, as I was assisted by a middle aged woman, normally they pick extroverted young people, who have the 'gift of the gab' and try to make small talk with you. However, the lady I dealt with was great and didn't try to upsell anything to me, she actually listened to what I said, and after hearing that I really just wanted a mobile that made phone calls and sent texts she signed me up for a sim only package, and it has been great.I guess the experience you have with this particular store, really will depend on how experienced the sale advisor you speak to is.
2	It was busy, very busy, and there was no obvious queue or waiting system. Yes, the iphone 4 is just out (well a few months now) and yes, people will bend over backwards to get one. But that doesn't mean you can ignore potential customers.It's a small store, there's sofas where you can 'wait'. So I did just this but then realised that the queue at the till (which I thought was just for paying) was also for queueing for help. After 10 minutes on the sofa, then 10 minutes in a queue that didn't get smaller I left in frustration...A store can't help but be popular, but if there had been one staff member looking to direct new customers on where to wait, and stop the bottle-neck effect at the tills in an already tiny shop floor space, it might have been more manageable.I normally don't give such negative reviews, but there are probably bigger and better 02 stores to go to.
3	I though 9am on a Monday morning would be the best time to go to a phone shop to avoid the rush.....and I was right just me and the cleaner mopping the floor (without a slip hazard sign I might add) I had already done my homework on line and pretty much narrowed it down to two options of phone . I was disappointed to find that for security the phones are clamped into a metal cradle which means you cannot pick it up or tun it over. I have seen other shops use wires that extend so you can pick it up which to me seems a much better way to display them securely.I was approached by a sales girl who politely asked if i needed anything? i asked about the release date of the Galaxy note 2? Her response was "I will go and find out" I then asked about stock levels of the new iPhone 5 and it was the same response "I will go and find out"  perhaps I am not the most patient but this was not a trainee adviser who are clearly badged as trainees and everyone has to learn so that is fine, this was a member of staff who had no clue of the biggest phone releases this year.  I spotted up at the counter the person who was actually answering my questions (via the sales girl) and went to speak to them directly.  I'm so glad I did because I then spoke to an informed and tech savvy person. The sales adviser Stuart was helpful and not pushy at all which is great. He gave several options for putting a lump sum towards the phone and having a lower monthly contract.  He introduced me to the O2 priority moments which gave me a free pack of screen protectors which I appreciated.The best part was that he set up my new phone for me in the shop so I was all ready to go with my new phone with my old phone number and talked through how I could back up my contacts list though iTunes to save re-inputting it all again. The three star rating I ave given this review reflects the diverse level of service experienced. I was happy with the second sales adviser and delighted with my new phone. I would highly recommend going into this shop at this off peak time as you get served straight away.
