4	Small-as-a-shoebox tapas place about 1 year new, Lola is a nice distinctive treat in central Phoenix.  Look for the golden sign and 1960s Mercedes parked out front.  You're greeted immediately by a friendly hostess, several communal tables, and really rad 70s Iberian light fixtures. I dined here a while back and munched on a Spanish tortilla (a frittata-like dish), serrano ham, gazpacho and a glass of Malbec.  It's been a while so I can't review too confidently, but highly encourage a visit!EDIT - 6/07A big group of us came the other day and we ordered EVERYTHING.  Holy crap, was this shiz good.  My 3 star experience became a 4 star one.  The filet was rockin, and so was the grilled asparagus, but even better was this Spanish cheese spread over crusty bread and the garlic and chile marinated grilled shrimp.
4	This place is a lot of fun, and the food is delicious.My only knock on it is that it's really crammed and really busy, which makes it a bit uncomfortable and hard to get in. That being said, if you're not in a hurry, go with some friends, have a few of their wonderful sangrias and order lots of food. You'll have a blast.
5	I love Lola's!  What a unique place.  The food is deeelish, best sangria in town, hands down, and I'm a sangria snob ;)  Too bad I live in Chandler, otherwise I'd be there once a week.
4	I came here with friends to meet for drinks and appetizers.  We had a pitcher of sangria and the shrimp dish and the mushroom dish.  They both were very good and the service was good also.  It was hard to decide what to get because nothing jumped out at us on the menu.  Once we started to look around the room and see what other people were eating did we say 'ooh we should try that next time'.
5	Now Lola has morning coffee!  Yes...and it is SO good.  I love this place in general but I'm stoked to see Daniel back in the barista drivers seat.
4	Great Great Great Food! You have to order a Pitcher of Red Sangria, so smooth with a citrus twist.  You have to try the Torta de Patatas, the Fillet Mignon is insanely good, and ask for the desert of the day, if they have the lemon tart, EAT IT! The only reason this is 4 stars and not 5 is the seating suxs, its a long table and usually you sit face to face with your dinner partner and maybe sit next to strangers, nothing wrong with that, I just don't like disturbing others, well cause i don't like others disturbing me...lol...But then again the size of the place makes it so much more cool.
4	Lola is a cool place. Perhaps too cool for me, or for you.I really like the tapas, in fact, I love some of them. It seems the less traditional, the better they are. this is cool...The sangria is very good. Possibly the best I've had in Phoenix. Which again, is cool...What isn't cool is the volume inside Lola. I am a big fan of the communal tables, but they are too wide, it's very hard to hear the person across the table that you are with. This is mainly due to an echoing room and music that is too loud.If you want to try something a bit unusual, a bit different, but very tasty... try it, maybe you're just the right coolness...Oh, and the desserts aren't the same since Maggie left....
4	I actually loved this place. I was visiting AZ and took my co-workers here and it looked like a trailer. I was really surprised at how good the sangria and tapas were. I am not one for tapas but we tried everything on the menu and it was delicious and the service was awesome.
3	Food was good.  The space was small and tables were few.  Random people were asked to sit together, which can be a little uncomfortable.  Menu options were limited.  I would recommend the portabella mushroom and the ratatouille.
4	Lola is like the girl in the 'coming-of-age' teen film who looks busted through 55 minutes of the movie, but by the 3rd act is looking hotter than two squirrels humpin' in a wool sack.  The potential underneath all of that camouflage is so plainly obvious, it makes you groan out loud to anyone who will listen, that all it takes is a bit of a careful hand to really bring out the stunning perfection.Lola needs a chrysalis.  All of that *just* out of visibility charm and essence is there, but the nerdy glasses and stained teeth are bringing it down.  For one, the food is really good, but not excellent.  Its there.  Oh, that 5-star rating for the food is in the mail, but something is *just* missing from that taste.  The place is vibrant, but *just* a little awkward.  I really like the community tables and the lighting but sometimes it feels wrong in there.  Their sangrias are very nice, the red is perfect and the white is very near perfect, but just a little too much canela.I haven't been in a while and I definitely need to get back there soon because each time I've been its really improved, but I really want Lola to be a place that you show off to your friends, not the MoPed that you sneak around your friends.
4	I love this place even though I've only been here once! I love tapas. This place was pretty good. Excellent Sangria! Small little place but good ambiance. I take away one star b/c its so small :)
4	I should hate you, Lola. You force me to do things I don't want to do. Such as get drunk and eat until I explode.I had no intention of getting tipsy, but your Sangria was so good that I drank the entire pitcher of red AND white. WTF? I don't even like wine.  I had no intention of eating so much that I got sick, but I couldn't resist eating every single garbanzo bean and spinach leaf in sight. Ugggggg. Tummy ache.But worth it.
4	COURTESY 4.I wish I could rate a 3.8 for this meal.Primarily for 2 reasons:1)  No Patatas Bravas???I spent 2 weeks in Spain and at Patatas Bravas EVERY DAY~2)  Lack of  a more full bar.Although Vino Tinto is a very Spanish drink.The menu is a wee bit limited.However, the Tortilla (Spanish) was great, as was the Puerco a la plancha, Garbanzos and Spinach was tasty.  The Jamon and Sarrano was good, but maybe too much "Antipasto" style for me.The Pot-de-Creme was very very rich and thick.I personally like a more "mousseY" pot-du-creme.Personal preference.Service was excellent; quick , accurate and cheerful.Drinks were great, ambiance perfect.Highly recommended (expecially once they have Patatas Bravas back).Whats up with no Patatas Bravas???  (Did I mention that already?)
4	It has been about two years since our last visit, not because we did not like it but because we are normally not in the area.  Thankfully, our friends live nearby and I had been craving tapas and sangria for a while.  It is a tiny place (formerly a cigar shop) with a long communal table and a tiny espresso bar in the back.  Just like our first visit, the moment you walk in you definitely get a cool, neighborly vibe.It was around 7:30pm and we had about a 20 minute wait, which was not bad since we were able to hang out in the back with our drinks.We had an order of 1) chickpeas and wilted spinach (the broth that it is cooked in is very flavorful) 2) serrano ham with manchego and mahon cheese (my toes are curling with pleasure) 3) the filet (cooked to a nice juicy pink) 4) shrimp with garlic (the hands down favorite) 5) sautee'd portobello mushrooms (very good) and 6) the daily special of quince paste atop manchego cheese (good, but nothing "special").In addition to the food, we all had one drink each, plus two pitchers of sangria (the best I have had in the Valley, I think), a coffee and two of their daily desserts (which was pot de creme).  For five people, it ended up being $34/person before tip.
2	I finally got the chance to visit Lola on my way home from a poetry reading at the Phoenix Art Museum Last night..(Side note: If you get the chance to see Aaron Johnson read, do so.)I somehow feel the need to appologize for the lack of stars to all of you who seem to love this place. I would certainly be willing to give it another try but I was not impressed.First the music is loud, and therefore everyone talking in the place turns up the volume and as my girlfriend and I were seated across from each other at the communal table we could barely reach to share the food let alone hear each other.Why are the tables so big if the food is so small? Maybe I am a bit of a glutton, but for 8 dollars I essentially ate a mushroom for dinner...Don't get me wrong it was tasty, and I understand Tapas are appetizers, but 8 dollars? I was disapointed. I used to go to Firefly in Vegas and it was cheaper and tastier.We just wanted to try this place and move on someplace quieter, but I was really looking forward to it...We decided not to have drinks and simply share one thing so we could get to said quieter place before it got too late...I think because we ordered so little, the waitress considered us a waste as far as her tips were concerned and therefore seemed not so friendly...and those little bitty glasses of water they bring...I drank immediately and it was never refilled. I was overall not impressed by anything except a patron's sweet ass Salvador Dali Mustache. I can see the charm there and I probably will give it another shot but based on this trip 2 stars is fairer than fair.
5	5 star coffee. The matador is outstanding. Great everything. New awesome local business.
3	I can't help but feel the same sentiment as Nathan S. - I sort of feel bad giving this place only 3 stars with all the other rave reviews. Let me start with the positives -  I love love that the place is so small and intimate.  Especially in comparison to most Valley restaurants that are just cavernous.  And with the European-style seating you have to get friendly with your neighbors.  Both of these things make this feel like a good NY restaurant. I also love the atmosphere and decor in general.  Very authentic Spanish, very laid back, not all hip and modern like most restaurants try to be these days. The service was extremely friendly, from the hostess to all of the waiters and waitresses and bus boys that came by. My husband really liked the Sangria (Tinto) - he said it wasn't very strong but tasted great. Indeed, all of the food tasted very good.  Our two favorite dishes happened to be the daily specials - the Eggplant Barcelona and the Turkish Custard dessert.  But the Tortilla Patatas and the Gambas and the Spinach with Garbanzos were all great as well. Now to the negatives -  Firstly, selection was dreadful all around.  The wine list was very minimal, and the very limited bar didn't help.  And there were only about 8 dishes to choose from.  When I go for Tapas, the whole point is having a wide variety of small plates to choose from! Every dish was DROWNED in oil.  Literally, bowls of oil.  The food just sat in my stomach afterwards, and I felt like I needed to take a shower to rid myself of all the grease. The sizes of the dishes were very inconsistent.  I know it's tapas, and I love me some tapas, but generally at tapas places I find you could likely split each dish three ways.  The Gambas and the Spinach were both huge piles that could have been split up to 4 ways.  But then the Tortilla Patatas was barely large enough to split two ways, and then our two favorite dishes - the Eggplant Barcelona and the Turkish Custard - were both smaller than a deck of cards and splitting them just two ways left us each with a single forkful of food.  There was a party of 4 next to us that put in 1 order of the Pork Tenderloin and the waitress said, "You should really get 2 or 3 orders of that so everyone can try some."  3 orders for 4 people to try it?! Then, right along with the food size is the price.  $90 (incl tip) for the 4 tapas mentioned above, plus a glass of sangria, 2 glasses of wine, the dessert, and an espresso.  2 of the tapas were one bite per person.  Yikes. The food, while good, was nothing outstanding.  There was no dish that made me stop and say "wow, now that is well done."  They were solid but not amazing.  (As opposed to the Lomo Embuchado at Cobras y Matadors in LA that I was ready to marry and make babies with).So all in all, I'd say a 3.5 star experience, rounded down because it just wasn't a 4 for me.  I can't help but compare this place to my favorite tapas place in the valley, Sol y Sombra in the DC Ranch, where they have a huge selection of fantastic wine (and a full bar) and a huge selection of delicious and much larger portioned tapas for the same price.
3	This place is the queen of sangria, last time I was there I shared a pitcher and ate all the wine soaked strawberries myself.. Mmmhmm.I do however have to go with 3 stars because there is not a very big selection of items for a Tapa's place. The one's they have are good, but the variety is small. I've been there a few times and have already tried everything on the menu :( I don't know why anyone would order anything but the delicious Sangria,  but the bar is also extremely limited.Overall it is a cool spot and has a great vibe.
4	Set in a very unassuming building is this treasure of a restaurant. The first time I visited about 8 months ago I got a bit tipsy on the sangria, so go easy with that stuff. The problem was that it made me forget what I had eaten.This time I was much better about the sangria consumption, just one glass. We did three dishes between the two of us, the Tortilla, the Spinach with Garbonzo beans, and the special that night of Eggplant layers.The Tortilla is like a Quiche of Egg with Potato and is okay. The Eggplant was very good, but the winner of all was the Spinach and Garbonzo beans.I have just recently in the last 4 months gone vegetarian/vegan and am saddened at times by the removal of Pork from my diet. When I started in on this dish I was concerned that I was violating my culinary discipline because the taste of Pork fat was very prevalent. Upon talking with one of the wait staff I learned that the magic ingredient was Smoked Paprika. Absolutely delicious!There were some people complaining about the noise which is hilarious to me. Guess what its a Tapas bar, its supposed to be noisy and boisterous. Go to Lola's if you are ready for some conversation and good food!
4	Not much to say about Lola's. Its cute. Its quaint. And the food it utterly delish and authentic. Oh, but bring a sweater....they  usually have the air on "Polar Bear"! The only reason I didn't give this place a 5 is b/c of  the freezing temp and the community seating. Doesn't bother me....well, maybe just a little. Can be a bit noisy and bad for private conversation.Bon Appetite!
1	GROSS FOODI seriously think all the food is from the clogged diposal at the restaurant.Everything tasted very unfresh and muddy is the best decribed flavor.Gross, gross, gross!!
4	GREAT FOOD!!   one of my favorite places to take out of towners... small cozy place so can get packed and sometimes hard to hear yourself think let alone have a convo with someone, and might have to wait for a table. but if you go early (5pm) it's perfect. sangria's are very good.. and i dont usually like 'em!
2	It's cute.  Thus concludes the positive section of my review.Bad food.  Here's a joke with an awful punchline:  What's worse than eating soggy vegetables, stale bread, and oily shrimp bathed in pepper?  Paying $40 for it.  ZING!  The joke's on me!
4	This cozy place has mighty tasty tapas! We tried 7 of the 10 offerings and enjoyed them all. Stopped short of "having the lot."The only shortcoming is that the menu had only 10 items.  Looking forward to a return stop at Lola's
3	Went to Lola's again the other night and was pretty dissapointed. The jamon was really oily as was the cheese, the tart I ordered for dessert was so sour I could barely eat it (and I know the name is "tart" but aren't they usually a bit sweet?) Both the red and white sangrias were sour (tasted like the fruit wasn't ripe).It was quite a dissapointing meal. The service was wonderful as always and I will still return. I'm hoping they just had an off night.
4	Last Friday was my second visit to Lola. Ah.. my darling Lola. How I love you. Maybe I love Lola because it's a cozy (sometimes crowded) place with communal seating. Maybe I love it because I'm nosy and like to engage random unknown people in deep conversation. Or maybe I just love simple and delicious food. Lola Tapas offers a limited menu that consists of favorites from Spain. The last time I was there myself and two pals had about 6 plates and a sangria for about 30 bucks each (that included tip). Is it pricey? Yes, but it is also well made and delicious. I highly recommend the fillet and and the tortilla de patatas. Do not go to Lola expecting Mexican dishes. An example is the tortilla is not a masa based flat bread. It's actually more of an omelet but not as "eggy". Just try it. You will be so glad you did. The ingredients are so fresh and well crafted, that it's hard to mess up here.Our waiter was very friendly and quick. He even recognized me from my first visit. Any of the servers are there to help you so don't be afraid to ask any one of them for something. They all share gratuity so everyone is glad to help where they can.I won't write too much about my love affair with Lola, but I do know that it will happen again and again. My devotion for Lola is strong. Grab a few good friends who are fellow foodies and visit Lola. Tell her I said hello!
5	I love Lola's tapas.  It was crowded & loud last time I was there, but I didn't mind because the food was tasty.  It has been awhile since I've been in that area & in the mood for tapas....I can't remember what I had, but remember that I enjoyed it.
3	Went to Lola's with a friend. I had heard it was a community table and was a little reluctant because we were planning to catch up and I thought conversation would be difficult -- I am easily distracted by my neighbor's conversation at places like that -- but we got there so early (6:30) for most of our time we had open seats to either side. That said, the servers used the space to lean in and take the orders of other patrons and I did get bumped once or twice. We had a pitcher of sangria (which was good, but I like Ticoz better) and 3 tapas: the asparagus (which was fine... nothing spectacular), the tortilla (which is like scalloped potatoes) and the flat iron steak which had a great mushroom topping. And, we had the chocolate apricot tart. The tart was the best part. Our bill came to $76 not counting tip. It was fine... just don't think I'm going to wind up craving anything 3 days from now (or even remembering much about it).
3	My husband and I were pretty underwhelmed with our experience at Lola on Saturday night (note: do not go on the night of the APS light parade...it makes getting to Lola near impossible). We really really wanted to like it, but the whole experience just came up flat for us.The intimacy and decor of Lola is great; it's not big enough where it will get very loud and the whole long tables to allow for community dining is nice. The color palatte was soothing and did not distract from the main focus which is the food. We were with a group of nine that evening, and from our perspective (not sure how our fellow diners felt), I thought service was spotty. Sometimes we would have to ask three times for something and it wasn't very crowded most of the time we were there. It was just like the waitress forgot. Apparently before we arrived, our group had ordered the olives which never materalized at the table; luckily we were not charged for them. Also, I really don't appreciate when waiters and waitresses cop a small attitude when you order a soda and not an alcoholic beverage. I know it's crazy, but even I don't want beer or wine with every meal!I thought the food was the most disappointing part of the whole evening. The menu is pretty small, which surprises me for a tapas restaurant. Isn't the whole idea variety? Also, some of the dishes were good to share among four people, and others we had to really ration out the portions so that everyone who wanted a bite could have one. We also had to order four plates of the special since it was so popular with our table and to ensure everyone got at least one whole piece. I liked the tortilla espanola, but the one at Sol y Sombra is much better (and larger!). The special was also very good, but seriously how can  you go wrong with toasted baguette, goat cheese and onions? My husband tried the gambas (he likes the shrimp dish at Caffe Boa better), the steak and the pork and he said they were nothing special and were very unmemorable. My last complaint about the food is that there was no chicken dish at all on the menu!!! I'll admit I can be kinda of a picky eater, but even my husband commented on the lack of a chicken option for non-red meat or seafood eaters.My husband and I decided that we enjoy Sol y Sombra much more and do not see ourselves making a special trip back to Lola in the near future.
3	Lola is really a strange place. In some ways, it embodies a European sensibility--the communal dining, small menu, limited drink menu, rustic decor, and the uber-gracious hostess (who went out of her way to save a table for our large party when I called ahead) are all reminiscent of places I've been in Europe where dining is about simple flavors, good wine, and great conversation. Unfortunately, the portion size and unimpressive flavors of the tapas didn't quite live up to my expectations. After all, great atmosphere and sangria should enhance the food, not mask the fact that it's really overpriced and not that flavorful. Before you jump on me and tell me that tapas are supposed to be small portions, let me just go ahead and explain that I grew up in California where small plates restaurants are par for the course. I have absolutely no problem paying good money for a small plate that is really flavorful and is large enough for 2-3 people to get several bites of the dish. However, the plates at Lola were so small that in some cases, even after ordering 3 plates of a dish, someone in our party of 9 didn't even get one bite! The most laughable example was the gambas dish. The plate came with 4-5 tiny shrimp for $10 bucks or so! For $2 per shrimp (not even prawn!), we just gave up trying to order enough for everyone to have a solidly sized portion. The asparagus dish was similarly amusing - one $8 plate contained about 8 baby asparagus stalks. And when I say baby, I mean it. These suckers were like pinky sized!I would have had a little more patience for the portion sizes (which already made me want to go down a burger after we left) if the flavors were brighter and more memorable, but that aspect of our meal was also a letdown. The daily special (bruschetta-like pieces of bread with caramelized onions, honey, and goat cheese) was very enjoyable and I thought the filet was tender (although kind of bland), but the pork tenderloin, gambas, and eggplant were completely uninspired. I thought the eggplant tasted like soggy eggplant parmesan and failed to see what made it Spanish. The tortilla espanola was the best dish by far but still fell a little short compared to the one at Sol y Sombra. Lest you think our experience at Lola was horrible, I want to remind you that I loved the cozy, rustic environment and that the hostess made the experience of showing up with a party of 9 at a place with communal seating a bit less stressful. Furthermore, I thought that the red sangria was really good (strong without being too sweet) and the pitcher was a pretty generous size for the price. I just can't get too thrilled about a place where the food--the crowning glory of any great European restaurant--isn't that flavorful and isn't generously enough portioned to allow everyone in the group to really share in the flavor experience. If I'm craving tapas in the future, I will head straight to Sol y Sombra or check out Imagine Spain, which I hear is worth the drive.
4	Lola is one of my favorite, favorite places to eat in Phoenix -- the community tables offer fantastic footsie opportunities with your date, while still remaining seductively coy...The waitress last night was an absolute delight.  Even though Lola's took my favorite tapas off the menu (the berenjena... anyone remember that?!) we went with the gambas and barcelona eggplant.  The gambas in particular were great, with dollops of paprika aioli at the bottom, which beautifully complimented the eggplant.Extra stars for getting THREE platters of free bread AND refills on the saffron mayonesa we requested for dipping -- that's something to love, for sure (ask for the saffron mayonesa at the begging of your meal, and they'll just keep bringing it).  Docking a star because 3/4 of the time I pop by, this delight is closed for some inexplicable reason.  However....Check out their ladies room; the drawers in the 'decorative' dresser are filled with anything a sexy lady needs -- bobby pins, hair spray, mouth spray (which is slightly sketch, but after a garlicy date, you never know), and the best Burt's Bees hand lotion of my life.  It's worth supposedly 'oily' and 'tiny' food if you use the restroom's facilities...
5	The other night was my first visit to this gem!  My first thought as I came in the door was how good the food smelled!  It is small and you are served at long tables or at the bar.  Part of it's charm is you never know who you might be seated with.  Seating might be a bit tight but it isn't bad. I am also surprised it isn't noisier for as small and compact as it. The food and the way it is served is what you'd expect to fin in Spain.  You get exactly what you order so it is fun to choose what you want as you put together your choice of a meal  The servings are not large but are well appointed with excellent sauces.  Visually they are a delight just to have put before you. Maggie, our server, provided flawless service.  She knew the menu and made excellent suggestions concerning the food. It will be a great place to take a group of friends for a relaxed, excellent meal.  My potato tart was lite and the eggplant and the way it was served was as good as I can remember having.I give the restaurant five stars for being unique and fun with and having what excellent food!  If you have to wait,  just the smell of the food as you walk in the door will tell you it is worth it.
4	We've been told to go here a number of times, always avoiding it because I usually just don't feel like sitting with strangers.  Also, I actually made it inside once, looked at the sparse menu, and just couldn't commit.  I've been to Spain three times, and many tapas bars in NYC, and just never loved more than one dish.  Lots of olives and manchego, nothing else ever inspired (also I don't eat red meat/chicken, so is limiting).  Not only did we have the best service in the 5 years I've lived in Phoenix, but the food was amazing, the atmosphere was still very intimate and romantic, and the true test - showing up at a restaurant 20 min before close- they passed with flying colors!  They didn't just welcome us, they encouraged us in, without appearing desperate.  We ordered all the waiter's recommendations (no chicken or red meat).  Gambas al pil-pil, garbanzo espinacas, Barcelona eggplant. I usually hate eggplant unless it's perfect.  Actually, same with shrimp, rarely is it cooked the right temperature.  EVERYTHING WAS PERFECT.  Much of this has to do with the knowledgeable, perfect timing and not hovering service from our waiter.  Wine was good, selection is fine.  And my favorite part - the CHEF brought us out a complimentary desert because we complimented him on the perfect flavor of everything.  We felt so SPECIAL.  He explained that it was a chocolate cake made with olive oil and some other unusual ingredients (I couldn't focus at this point, I wanted to be staged and ready to eat quickly since I was sharing it with a person much larger than myself, i.e. my boyfriend). It was AMAZING. Hats off to the chef and our waiter, they really care about what they are doing.  Very few places in Phoenix that live up to the classy attitude behind the Lola experience.We love this place.  Afraid to go back.  How could it be this good two times in a row?  We had no expectations.  It definitely deserves 5 stars if we have the same great experience when we return.
3	Where's the rest of it?The restaurant is small... not just that it's small though. Lots of places are small. This place just FEELS extra small. Compact isn't the best word, but it's the first that comes to mind. Crowded and Cramped are two more words. It's a cute place. It's nice inside, and looks pretty hip and contemporary. It's clean too. They have an outside patio where you can wait for your seat to open up, but it doesn't seem like they're maximizing the space out there very well. It was awkward trying to get a drink while you wait outside. Servers and staff seem to have worked out a system of touching people to get around them. They're used to the crowd, so they must be kinda grabby I guess. At least they were polite about it, but I still felt a bit violated and molested... but not in a bad way. The wait wasn't as long as they had predicted, but they left us waiting for our empty seats a good 15 minutes after they were ready. We sat at the big family style table and snacked on bread while we waited to order. The bread was artisan style and it came sliced with a some flavorless oil to dip it in. It was okay. If you like to rub elbows with strangers, this is the place to go. The stools were comfy for stools, though the fact they lacked back support wasn't working for me (I have a bad back). There's nothing to dampen or absorb the sound in this place (tin ceiling tiles even), so it's difficult to hold a conversation with your friends or hear yourself think.We ordered 4 dishes to split between the 3 of us. Steak, shrimp, pork, and one of their bean-based specials. I didn't try the bean, bacon and sausage thing as I'm not a fan of beans. It looked like dog food though, and I didn't see it being worth the price. I had some of everything else though, and I pretty much enjoyed it. The steak was just strips of steak with some flavorless drizzle on top... cooked well though, and tasted good. The pork was good, but maybe a little dry. The shrimp was tasty, but very oily nothing you couldn't get at Smart and Final's frozen food section and cook up yourself. I had to take the tails off myself - I didn't mind, but at these prices, c'mon. That was it - something was missing... Cheese? Veggies? I don't know - it just didn't seem like we got much worth for the money. I can't really complain about the money though since my friend paid for the whole thing. I didn't get a drink, but I tasted my friend's Sangria... it was okay. I haven't ever had this kind of food before. It's definitely something I would eat again - I might even come back to this location on a less busy night.Service was good, place was cute, food was decent. I just wasn't blown away.
1	Make sure you eat dinner BEFORE you arrive...and bring lots of money because you're going to blow it all.The place itself is great.....atmosphere is great.  Small....good vibe.But, the portions are TINY....and I mean TINY.  I've had Tapas in other cities and they are great.  These are small & expensive.  We dropped $55 among three of us (not including alcohol) and I had to eat after. It just wasn't worth the price....
4	Every time we take a trip to LA we always try to make a stop at Cafe Tu Tu Tango, our favorite tapas restaurants.  This is where I was introduced to the concept of small bites to share among friends.  I really love this concept and was hoping I could find something like that in Phoenix.  Sure enough, we have something like that in Phoenix, and it even has a communal table.  Yay!We met a couple friends here one night and were sat near the end of the communal table, but in a rather odd configuration because the party next to us was a group of three.  In any event we were handed menus and we got down to business in selecting our food.  This was a little while ago, so I don't remember too well what we got, but I will do my best.  We chose the Serrano Ham with Cheese, a Shrimp dish similar to scampi, a Filet Mignon dish, and something else that I just cannot remember.I am a big fan of artisan meat and cheese plates, especially ones with manchego cheese.  There was enough food on the plate to give all of us a little something to try and whet our appetites a bit.  The shrimp dish was amazing.  The shrimp were perfectly cooked and sat in a pool of delicious garlicky-buttery goodness.  I wished there was more, but we all got a couple shrimp.  Finally, of what I remember, was the Filet Mignon dish.  I believe it was actually the special that night.  It was soooo decadent.  The meat was grilled to a beautiful medium and it was so tender you could almost cut it with a fork.  There were two cuts of meat served in this dish, so there was plenty to go around.  Everything was absolutely delicious.If you are familiar with the concept of tapas and don't go in here with the mindset of traditional American dining (that you will be filled to the brim, pushing you past the point of gluttony) then you will love this place.  The communal table is lots of fun, and I guarantee you will meet someone new, especially if the alcohol is flowing.  Overall, a fantastic place to go catch up with friends and enjoy some wonderful food.
5	I've been meaning to try Lola for so long, and finally did this weekend. WOW, it's right on pace with other great tapas spots like Tapino. You can't beat the mid-century style inside. The atmosphere on a Friday night gets an A+ for its buzz and eccentricity. It was loud, vibrant and most importantly, fun. The food was better than I'd expected. I've read so many mixed reviews of this place on Yelp, so I didn't go in expecting the best. I was blown away (though the prices are indeed a bit steep for tapas plates): the harissa chicken was tender, juicy and packed some serious taste with every tiny bite. The marinated flank steak came with an interesting puree of chili oil, cumin, tamarind and some other spices (it was incredibly smoky, and I'm not sure what the source of it was, but it was damn good) and was cooked just right, medium rare and tender as can be. The special of the night, an artichoke dip with slivered almonds, manchego cheese and spices was the highlight of the meal, made even better with grilled flatbreads for dipping pleasure. The sangria was such a pleasant treat that I indulged several times over. Next time I'll just order the pitcher. This is an excellent pre-First Friday noshing spot. You'll find me there from now on.
5	This is one of my favorite places to go for some post-work drinks.  The sangria is delicious - not to sweet, which is a really common with Sangria around these parts.  The portions are small, but it's a tapas place, so what do you expect?  The prices are reasonable given the quality of food.  Try the tortilla or the garbanzos, they are both really delicious!
3	My usual problem with tapa's places - the cost adds up quick as you order dishes, and it rarely feels like its worth the cost.  The shrimp and the spinach/chickpea dishes are both awesome.  The flat-iron steak is good, but the sauce on the plate was too watery for my tastes.  The chicken and the mushrooms are both thumbs down.  The chicken was dry and bland, and the mushrooms tasted like the ones in the grocery store that come in a glass jar, i.e. not fresh.Good wine list, nice ambiance, I just think some more and better choices on the menu would help.  Maybe a sliced spanish chorizo and red pepper dish??
4	Sangria by any other name.......the sangria here is without a doubt the best I've had in the valley.  Not that I have tried all of them, but have spent my fair share of Sunday mornings searching out a good brunch and a good sangria to go along with that brunch.  The other drink that they make here that is a perfect and refreshing summer drink is the Lolita, I love them.  I give four stars because there are many times that I want to go in the afternoon a little early to miss the crowd but they don't open until later (4 or 5) and when it is busy, the place is claustrophobically small.And just when you think you have seen it all, one of the ladies that works there looks like a younger version of Mariska Hargitay from Law and order, where else can you go to get served by Mariska Hargitay?The food here is very good and very simple.  The Tapas portions are tasty and well proportioned so that you can try several things each time you go.  The skirt steak with a side of the mushrooms is my favorite with a nice glass of the Sangria.  The prices are not outrageous, but not  Denny's prices either, we drop $50-$80 dollars each time we go, but then again, my wife and I drink......alot.......too much.......we suck.  Speaking of drinking...again, the wine list is compact but very good with some labels, such as their Malbec, that you don't find at a lot of other restaurants.To summarize, I know I get a little long winded, if you want to eat light, have some great sangria and want to be served by the Law and Order chick, this is a really good place to do that.
4	Authentic!  The food is very specific to the southern region of Spain-Andalucia. The ambience is more European as well in that everyone sits at long bar tables side by side, which encourages conversations with your neighbors. Imagine that!Perhaps some of the tapas are slightly overpriced but after sipping on a glass of sangria and soaking up the complimentary bread and olive oil, it is all worth it.
1	Sadly disappointed.  I've passed Lola's an uncountable number of times and each time thought I needed to try it.  I finally did tonight and was terribly disappointed.  For anyone that has been to Firefly in Las Vegas there is just no comparison.  The sangria was decent but nothing special and the tapas were just "so so."  The atmosphere was busy and our service sucked, but it was a very unique and cool environment.
5	I could write a thousand words about Lola. But none would capture her like the simple act of going in, ordering a glass of sangria, indulging in small bites shared among friends both old and new, and forgetting that outside those yellow brick walls is the other world you didn't even know you needed to escape.You've been driving by for years, just try it already.
3	I still can't really like this place.  It was my second visit here, I went once before I lived in Sevilla and once after returning.  The place is cute with it's family style tables and very tight seating.  The service was okay, attentive at times, yet forgetful.  I feel like it's hit and miss.  We ordered three tapas and sangria.  The fire roasted vegetables were good.  I loved the eggplant!  So close to the way my senora used to make it.  The grilled chicken with romesco sauce was just okay.  I loved the sauce, but the chicken was a little too burnt for my liking.The real reason this place gets 3 stars is because of the jamon serrano and manchego.  The jamon serrano was chopped up, which is definitely a huge no-no is Spain.  You want the long strips of serrano ham to wrap around the cheese.  The manchego was warm and oily, and that was kind of a turn off as well.  Although the marcona almonds were a nice surprise.  I missed those.Overall, an okay experience, but the serrano ham was a total let down.
4	The atmosphere is cozy, hip, fun but don't expect a table for two--and you may hear conversations that you don't want to--next to us a woman had just experienced her first 'anal exam'--i'm not even making this up.Our server was warm, knowledgeable and welcoming.  The food is TINY and amazingly delicious--Tapas, right?  well, I guess so--I just think every dish is probably about 10% priced over what each dish should be, 20% in some cases.  But that Sangria (red) calls my name--If only, like my favorite place in San Diego, it had the pieces of fruit floating in the pitcher/glass...  Still, *by far* the best Sangria I've had locally--Unless I count my own.  I am torn between rating this place a 3 or a 4--We spent 65 dollars (plus tip) and could have easily spent 20 more for just the 2 of us, we went away not really full but the food quality and taste and service was great--then again, the seating was cramped and outside would have been more tolerable with just an oscillating fan.  still, we did have to listen to the lady's first anal exam-experience.  (In some company this wouldn't necessarily be a bad thing...)okay, Lola, you're getting your 4 because the Sangria/Service/Quality are just that good!
2	OK, it's a travesty to not like this place. I get it. The concept of tapas is fabulous for grazers like myself, and I would be all over it if there wasn't a single thing on the menu not involving the flesh of dead creatures. OK, an exaggeration. But it's very meat-heavy.This much-raved about sangria? We had the white. Yes, there were chunks of fruit in it - like most sangria. It wasn't knocking me out, especially for however much that was for the pitcher. It was a lot.I was not aware of the "cozy" seating until too late. Maybe I'm an asshole, but in general I have no desire to be slammed up against a group of strangers, screaming to be heard in a conversation with my friends. Well, no matter - this place seems to have plenty of followers. You guys can have my seat.
4	Someone from work suggested this place while I was on another business trip to Phoenix.  Again...if I can find it in Chicago...no need to go.  But this place is not a chain...and I LOVE my tapas!First of all...get there EARLY.  This place is soooo small that we felt crammed in...and considering it gets crowded...that does not help.Having said that...when we arrived to Lola's, it was packed; however, we waited at the bar (with only a handful of seats crammed into a corner) and order a pitcher of sangria.  NOW...THAT MADE THE DIFFERENCE...and WOW WAS IT GOOD.For dinner, try any of the cheese tapas.  The jamon serrano was also very good.  But what made my night was the grilled octopus.By the end of the night, I was having a jolly time with a full belly!Awesome food...but again...get there early!
4	The best part of this place is the environment, the warmth, the friendly staff, and the cute little dishes they serve. I liked doing something different and tried Sangria for the first time as well. I like it! I think everyone should try this place. Get the roasted vegetables for sure. If you like brussel sprouts, theirs are wonderful!
5	Talk about working with what you have and pushing the envelope!I am not a fan of the location, and I wish it were a bit more Spanish  Meditteranean in its housing.  I wish that I could just shake that image.But for all that was missing in a Spanish breeze, there was nothing lacking in the red or white SANGRIA!  Choose white before 5pm and red after 7pm.  Then, get a real tortilla...the egg and potato kind... Try their vegan offerings. My two friends tried several items and there was not one that we did not love.  The others who shared the long benched table outback with us were also smiling as they allowed themselves to be comfortable eating and drinking with strangers.The place next door kept playing competing music, but when i could hear the spanish guitar music, it made me very  excited about the promise of the power of tiny dishes of tantilizing tidbits tingling my tongue teasingly.  Full marks because the service was equally sensational and appropriate.  Tapas as they should be...even when they need a new  Spanish designed house to be served from.
4	From the outside it doesn't look like much more than a hole in the wall restaurant in an area with many. I will admit that the sign reading "Lola's Tapas" has always caught our eye on the numerous occasions that we have passed it. We enter the south-facing door to this one time house converted to restaurant and feel very comfortable in the upbeat  and friendly yet tight quarters. The room is filled with lively patrons having far to great a time to notice the people coming in and going. Immediately greeted by a smile and welcome we are taken to available seating. The room is small and full, but not crowded or stuffy. The decor is punctuated by dark and warm earth tones and rustic wood, with a youthful and eclectic "hip" vibe that somehow manages to speak Spanish. The seating is divided between higher bar type seating (not in front of a bar) and picnic bench type tables. Being asked if we would like to sit across from each other or next to each other Samantha quickly opted for the latter. This turned out to be a great choice. The friendly couple in their fifties sitting across from us greated us with a smile and gave evidence to another asset of this place. The seating really does invite an open and easy setting. Provided your neighbors are friendly this adds a wonderful dynamic to this place. A little small talk with them and before we knew it our server was handing us menus and a wine list and reassuring us that she would get us a water and give us time to figure out our drinks. The wine list was interesting, different, with a noticeably smart approach, most of the selections being from Spanish influenced wine regions and mostly Spanish grape varietals. A real wine person is loving this fun list of choices. Samantha having heard the hype about their Sangria ordered that and I had a glass of Guelbenzu Azul 2005 -Ribera del Queiles. Fresh baked rustic bread arrives with our drinks. Samantha's Sangria lives up the hype (best I've ever had). My wine on the nose had red fruit, plum, herbs, and spice. Rich and accessible, this was an easy drinker with its forward fruit and limited if not non-existent tannin. However, there were lots of herb, spice, and anise flavors that added wonderful points of interest and kept my glass tilted. Not knowing this maker I would guess that this wine is predominantly Tempranillo. The menu is labeled "Spanish small plates to share", which by definition is tapas. Suddenly the ambiance makes so much more sense. The atmosphere expressly stating share food, share drinks (Sangria by the pitcher), share words, laughs, and good times. A list of nine or ten very tough choices appears on the one page menu. With each choice being moderately priced between 4 and 15 dollars the tough choices are made easy, because if you really wanted to, and had enough time to, you could try them all. We started with a plate of the Gambas al Pil-Pil. Quickly arriving at our table is a beautifully designed plate of perfectly sauted shrimp swimming in a garlic, cumin and sherry sauce. The sauce is divine, well balanced flavors of smoky cumin, butter, garlic, a little red chili for heat (If you don't like hot you will still love this), and the perfect addition of sweet on the finish from the sherry. Light and elegant, the plate was cleaned with our bread, which I found took to all of the flavors of the evening as if on purpose. The second course was one of the two specials, the jerk chicken. Cooked and spiced to perfection, the chicken is moist and flavorful. The jerk marinade explodes on your palate, but doesn't overwhelm the natural flavor of the meat. It rests atop a bed of black bean puree, which is prepared in a very understated way. The beans on their own may seem bland and boring. However, given its purpose on the plate the dish is better for having it there. The soft earthy flavors and textures balance the pop and flare of the potent and juicy chicken. The plate is drizzled with what I believe was a balsamic reduction. The perfect bite containing all three components was a treat for the taste buds. Not knowing how large these "plates to share" would be we aired on the side of caution and started with just these first two dishes. Having been impressed so far, having room for more, and many wonderful choices on the menu we dive into course three.Garbanzos con Espinacas a la Andaluza. A simple dish consisting of chickpeas and spinach, and topped with toasted bread crumbs (I'm assuming the same bread we had already killed to plates of). This dish is a must try for any spinach lovers and with spinach being a close second to collard greens on the veggie chain of command, I was sold. The earthy notes in the garbanzos and the firm texture played nicely with the softer garden and butter flavors of the spinach. The toasted crumbs where a necessity, adding a crunch and really melding the flavors on the plate. Read the full review at chowhound.com, dessert was awesome!
3	It is a little cramped at that long, wooden, communal table, inside, but the nice young miss next to me completely ignored our brushing elbows while we semi-audibly chattered away to our separate parties.  Our waitress was slightly off, bringing us several wrong items, a couple of times, but she just as quickly whisked them away.Prices on the somewhat limited menu are relatively affordable (a rather tasty $15 bleu cheese and steak dish topped the list), turnover seems as quick as you want it to be.  Definitely the best place in town to experience complete strangers suffer through their totally awkward first and last date, before your very eyes!Supposedly infamous sangria, which, nevertheless, we did not try.  More friendly to your smaller manual wheelchairs than to your SUV electrics.
4	Finally tried Lola Tapas last night - and was pleasantly surprised.  The atmosphere was quirky and fun.  The long tables can be awkward at first but it turned out to be just fine.  The red sangria was deeeelicious, and a pitcher is plenty for 3 people.  The complimentary bread and oil is very good.  Location isn't great, but not a big deal.We ordered garbanzo beans with spinach - delish, roasted vegetables (which included beets) -yum, jamon y manchego (i don't eat meat, but the plate included the cheese and dates and almonds) -lovely, assortment of olives - great, and the tortilla espanola was very nice.The prices aren't cheap, true, but I think they are reasonable - definitely not a meal to save money, but one to enjoy some authentic Spanish dishes.  I just don't get the other reviews that complain about the portions being too small.  It's TAPAS.  That's the point.I'll definitely go back again.
4	Great food.  Very good wine that you probably would not see on most menus.  Nice atmosphere.
5	Wife and I tried this place for the first time about 6 months ago, and have been back twice since. Get there early because it is a bit cramped, but well worth it. Limited menu, but very well rounded. I've yet to have anything there I didn't like, and I can be a bit picky. Loved the dish with garbanzo beans and spinach, could bathe in that stuff (all though I wouldn't smell very good). Good wine list, several beers and I had an awesome glass of Sherry to cap off my meal. Yeah it's small plates, but that's what tapas is SUPPOSED to be! If you want a good meal and don't mind being a bit cozy with strangers, this place is a gem
5	I was wearing my juicy sweatpant suit and feeling PHAT. PHAT what a pH if you know what I'm saying. I needed something hot. Something that could make one pass the breeze and I found the perfect stop. Lolas TAPAS girl! Although the cramped table required two seats space they took the chair out and brought me the picture menu....which made it easy to understand... not to mention get my crawl hungrry.
3	After wanting to try this for some time.. after developing a love of tapas and small plates in Spain a few years back & it being huge in my 3rd home of DC.. I couldnt wait.. Lola is fun.. boho.. not really feeling the long, awkward tables.. but having lived in Europe, that can be the norm there.. its just us Americans who are quirky about sharing our common time with those we dont know.. I went to Lola for lunch.. limited on selection.. but tapas is more app or dinner hour.. not really lunch.. not in my mind.. Had the salad.. loved the combo of dates, nuts and cheese wedge amongst the greens.. I had the chicken with a morrocan type sauce.. very tender.. like melt in your mouth tender! My friends had the shrimp.. perfect! Perfect size for lunch.. AND surprisingly I loved the spinach amongst chickpeas.. but that ALMOST sums up the lunch offerings.. Nonetheless.. fun place.. awesome bites
2	Well I wish I could write a review of how great the food and sangria was here, as I heard from others. I had planned to come here for my birthday and was well aware that they don`t do reservations. I had  a party of 6, two members of my party were running late and the manager refused to seat us because they weren`t there. We were left pretty much standing and ignored for awhile and finally I said forget it let`s just go to another place which we ended up at Barrio Cafe. I called ahead to that place and no regrets going there instead! Had my friends and myself been treated better and at least acknowleged, I might have overlooked the attitiude we recieved at Lola, considering a party of 6 = good business and one of my friends constantly reviews on here! (Waiting for your input Andrea!). Too bad cos I really wanted to try Lola, but guess will have to have some tapas elsewhere, maybe Spain!
1	I wish I could review their food...but I can't.  Why you ask?  Because my party never got seated!My friend Rayna was nice to give this place 2 stars, but I can't even do that.  I was so disppointed by the whole experience, especially since I was looking forward to my first Tapas experience ever.  I was over the moon excited, but the service was such a let down, I don't think I would ever give it a second chance.I am not trying to be Ms. Whinypants here. I understand the whole sitting with others at the table concept.  When my two friends and I showed up for my friend's birthday party, we were greeted right away.  We said that we had a party of 6 and they will be there in less than 5 minutes.  The hostess explained that we could sit at the bar and wait, but she couldn't seat us until our whole party arrived.  She did point out that there was seating for 6 people and she was going to reserve it for us, but she couldn't hold it until the whole party arrived.Well, while we were waiting, a couple walked in and asked to be seated.  There were other places for them to be seated....but she chose to seat them at our "reserved" spot.  After that, while we were still standing there, she ignored us.  Didn't explain to us that she had to seat them there or anything.  We were just completely ignored.  Even when she noticed that another person in our party arrived. An explanation would have been nice. We thought it was unprofessional and lost the customer service appeal altogher.  We felt like she chose 2 people or 6.  So we left and decided to have a fantasic experience at Barrio Cafe....review coming soon!
4	Great atmosphere, service, and food. Love the communal seating and the energy it creates.  Looking forward to going back and sitting outside this time. Reasonably priced  and well worth the visit.
1	Disappointment comes in small portions: I understand what they are trying to achieve. I understand they would like me to order 5-6 items, but I have no desire to spend anything over $50 for lunch. The sangria was the only morsel of hope for me to ever return. Having all the potential in the world, they could make this place fantastic. Considering my guest and I were the only ones eating in the middle of lunch hour I am positive that we are not the only ones who feel this way.
4	I go to Lola Tapes on an infrequent basis, but to the tune of 5 or so times.I have always been pleased with the food, service, and atmosphere.  They are not trying to be the world's greatest restaurant, but are succeeding at being an excellent place for tapas and drink or two (or more).The place is fairly small, and has "picnic table" type seating.  If you are on a first date, then you might want to find a more quiet intimate setting.  Anytime after that, you'll have a good experience, and get to people watch all you want!About the only ding I can give them is they don't take AMEX.  But, nothing is perfect I guess :).
5	I absolutely love Lola. The sangria, both red and white, are absolutely fantastic. The happy hour deal of $20 pitchers is an absolute steal. We always enjoy the daily special and the paella. My favorite daily special was the shrimp ceviche...it was so good we ordered two of them. My staple favorite is the chickpeas and spinach. A bit of kick in the spice arena really brings that dish together for me. Desert is a must. The thres leches cake is absolutely fantastic. YOU MUST TRY IT. Service is never a problem for us. I think the staff is fantastic. They are never hovering, which is pleasant...I hate being asked 20 times during the meal if everything is okay. If we ever need anything we just wave down any server we see walking by. Its such a wonderful atmosphere for a date or getting together with friends. Just know that it is a community dining affair, you will be sharing a table with a few strangers. Its just the style of the place. Go with it, try something new.
3	I've been to Lola's twice. I've determined that the Sangria is outstanding - but the food ...well its just OK. However it is a nice place to grab a drink and small dish with a friend.
5	I been here once and I loved it!!  Food here is amazing! Decor is cute, felt like walking into someones home!  It's communal seating so get to know other guest!  Service was great, but before I continue....They're closing this weekend due to the lack of business!  OMG!  I recommend going before you miss out - take care Lola - what ever you want - you get :)
