5	This place is the Oyster Bar inside Sunset Station. Alot of parking outside and inside garage.Service was fast and got great service from Julian at the bar. Anthony is them man. Sit at the bar just say how you want it and magic happens. Food was great on this visit and portions were right on. Plus cocktails right there no wait.Reasonable prices and great portions of food with great quality and taste.Have fun and enjoy.
4	Craving for seafood.  I know of other station casino having decent oyster bars but never tried this one at Sunset Casino.  Over food was good and oyster were fresh.  Prices was about the same as other oyster bars at station casinos.  Service was excellent.Recommend it if you love seafood!
5	We came here on a Saturday evening and order a dozen oyster ($17) and seafood jumbalaya  ($20) for $46- In Sunset station. In proximity to the Feast buffet. Oyster Bar!- We came for the oysters. People brag how good it is, especially at Palace Station, so we had to try it ourselves.- We got seated asap. Didn't have to deal with the long wait at Palace Station. - Free bread and butter. Also these flavored salt chips! Terrific! - Oysters were excellent! Soft, chewy, smooth. Far from that fishy, oceanic taste. Apparently, the oysters that I have eaten in the past have not been good. I would taste sand or something crunchy with each bite, but not here. No need to slurp the oyster. Savor the flavor, chew and it marinate! Nom! Plus, the shells were surprisingly pretty. haha, a weird observation...- The seafood jumbalaya was great! Nice blend of spices! Wish there were more clams rather than 4-5 that I have to savor till the end. Good recommendation - Service was fast! Ready for refills. Always asking if we were accommodated. - We sat next to a speaker, so music can be a bit loud for those that have sensitive ears. WHAT!? But, it's Saturday! Weekend party! XD- Too fulfilling for a dinner of 2. But nonetheless, we finished it all! Coma...- Can't wait to come back and try more of what they have to offer! Perfect local destination.
5	I am so pleased to say that for the first time ever in Vegas I received awesome service w good food!! I will be coming back!! Thank You.
5	THERE'S NOTHING NOT TO LIKEGrab yourself a table or seat at the counter and watch your meal be prepared in front of your eyeballs. One small Caesar Salad with sweet tart dressing, bowl of chicken gumbo and lobster-shrimp etouffee and I'm transporting myself back to N'awlins. Chicken was ordered mild and Yu-go chauffeur's etouffee at medium spicy hot.Ideal for the healthy appetite wanting for spicy enticing Cajun style home cooking. We saved more than half of our two meals for repeat performance at home..
5	My favorite dish and the one thing I always get is the cippiono. Hence my review is based this dish. It is the best in town including the price. I've seen some charge as much as $31 for this dish at other oyster bars. I've had it here several times and it is good everytime!  So yummy!
4	I always love going to the oyster bar (Costa Del Sol) at Sunset Station. For a casino restaurant, it is incredible. The oysters (probably my favorite food on planet earth) are really great and always larger and fresher than expected. The boils are out of this world, and the gumbo is super extra yummy. And their crowning achievement in my mind? The AMAZING bananas foster. This is without a doubt the largest bananas foster I have ever seen, it is more than my  husband and I can finish. Mmmmm I'm getting hungry just thinking about it.
4	What a nice surprise! We wanted something other than the ordinary and seafood was on the radar. Thanks to my MIL being a "degenerate gambler" (as my wife likes to call her) we decided on Costa Del Sol in Sunset Station to accomodate her bingo addiction.Having been to Palace Station and believing the hype about their pan roast being "the best", and withstanding a near 2 hour wait for it, I must say with sheer delight that the pan roast at Costa Del Sol is just as good...WITHOUT the 2 hour wait in an old smoke filled dump. The location is ultra convenient, and the venue itself allows children to sit anywhere, including the bar area. There was no wait and very friendly service. The menu is the same for all the Station Casinos with variances lying on the different chef preparations, which they will also admit. Table seating is available, but note that the booth near the entrance behind the waterfall will get you a little wet.Bingo Betty and I ordered the Lobster Pan Roast, and my wife the Linguini with White Clam Sauce.The fact that our orders took about 20 minutes to bring out gave us hope the chef was doing the dishes justice. The Lobster Pan Roast was delicious! We couldn't believe the large chunks of lobster in generous amounts in both our dishes. The broth was perfect and spicy, the way I like it. You can order 3 levels of spiciness, and I chose #3 which is a 10 on the heat meter. It comes with 2 generous scoops of white rice and will fill you up. I don't like filling up on rice when there is more important seafood to devour first, so I didn't mix mine into the pan roast.The White Clam Sauce Linguini was also perfect. Al dente linguini in a delicious lemony broth with a good amount of clams...both shucked and a few unshucked clams for presentation with enough leftover broth to sop up with bread. Despite cleaning our bowls, we couldnt resist getting their Bananas Foster dessert. Vanilla ice cream with warmed bananas that didn't look good in its presentation served in a melted mess. It was ok, but still a nice way to top off our meal.If you happen to have a "degenerate gambler" of your own who has a Station Card, make sure you have them scan it for points to use towards dinner, which can save you off your bill or even get your meal comped :)
