4	Small bar with liquor and beer near the Lion King and Sports Book and restrooms. Decent prices and delicious drinks. Lots of custom flavored blended drinks with multiple kinds of booze. They also had huge coronas for 5$. Go upstairs and get a small bottle for 8! They have custom glasses that you can refill. The bartenders were having a good time and enjoyed what they were doing so we were happy to come back. It's also a great pre-part if you are headed into the House of Blues. So if you plan on getting krunk, stop by and get some fruity drinks.
1	Frozen drinks are yummy but had problems on our third visit. Had no problem charging to our hotel room with the person worked at night. On our third visit the women working the bar refilled our glasses and when I gave her our guest card she wouldn't accept it without ID. (the ID has to match the guest card but guest cards only have the name of the person that booked the room). I like charging to the room so i don't have to carry my wallet. She said it was her "job" to verify ID matches guest card name and was a bit rude. She was willing to dump the drinks and return our glasses rather than serve us. All this hassel for $14?Manager wanted to comp drinks after I was clearly upset that my other half had to return to our room and come back which was waste of our time.Tip: bring your wallet because you might not be able to charge to the room and avoid the woman working in the day.. She had poor customer service in the way she argued with me instead of getting a manager who apparently was right there.     Haven't had a problem at any other location within mandalay bay with tabs much much much higher.
4	a big fan of this place. it became one of my regular drinks on my stay in Vegas. i liked the one in Luxor a lot. the first woman that served us up kind of had an attitude like she didn't want to be there. she didn't greet us, she just asked what we wanted, poured the drink and charged us. second time though this dude hooked us up with free shots on our drinks cuz my step bro and his friend were in the military. when they said thanks to him, he said "No, Thank You" i'm glad someone appreciates our efforts  of being in the military and keeping America safe. definitely gonna be my first drink when i come back to Las Vegas
4	Mmm... alcoholic slurpees!!There are 3 locations for EveningCall:- Inside Mandalay Bay- The front Lobby of the Luxor- The Walkway beteween Bally's and ParisIf you're hanging out near any of these three locations, it's a great deal because refills are much cheaper.I recommend tasting all the flavors, and they'll even do half-and-half so you don't get sick of 50 oz of the same drink. You can also add any flavored shot you like, so the combinations you can create are nearly endless.Our favorite flavor by far is the cappuccino and baileys with a shot of vanilla vodka, it's creamy and delicious. Second favorite was half blue and half red for a sugary alcoholic treat. They also have beer and a full bar. The Vegas sized Coronas were amusing.The bartenders we met were all attractive, super friendly, and happy to chat with the customers.
4	It definitely helps to come in from the heat and pick up one of these wonderful, alcoholic, tasty slurpees. I guess they're considered daiquaries, but nonetheless they are convenient and refreshing. Oh, and one can add shots of Vodka or Tequila to the cup and refills are cheap. The smaller ones are more expensive ounce per ounce, but less conspicuous while out and about. I say grab a straw and start sucking.
5	Got the Call Girlz with an extra shot...delicious!  Good prices too!
3	I think the only reason I got this was because i saw everyone else with one. This was def one of my purchase regrets... I'm a tiny girl with a big ass 17 oz cup. I drank white russians mostly at the casinos anyways.. why the hell did i even get this. i only refilled it once. I brought it back to New York & use it to put a fake flower that I won @ circus circus. SIgh
4	Slushy booze?Yeah.Buy a souvenir cup and you get a discount?Yeah.Come back here and repeat several times a day?Me is drunk...
4	I love these random Evening Call stops. You order a huge drink and get a refill for $10 for 24 hour after the original purchase. Sipping on the slushy passion fruit drink along with another souvenir cup to add to the batch. Evening call is a great spot to pre game or to catch a drink on your way to dinner or back to the hotel.
5	Mmm... The drinks at Evening Call are like Icees for adults. They taste like the frozen drinks of childhood, with a little surprise mixed in. This little stand is perfectly located for the moments you're thinking about heading back outside into the heat... "Oh look! Frozen drinks? That sounds great right about now!"You're able to sample here, which is great, because you get a taste of all of them if you like, and can pick the one that calls your name. For me, Call Girlz was the most tasty one. I got the small size as I knew I wouldn't be needing a refill later on, and the price was pretty reasonable. The large sizes are crazy expensive, but I guess it would be worth it if you returned to refill.Overall, these drinks taste amazing. They're extremely sweet, so be warned. Also, I felt pretty ill afterwards walking around in that desert heat feeling buzzed! Oh well -- totally worth it!
3	VERY handy at the base of The Hotel at Mandalay Bay before entering the casino at Mandalay Bay. There's one in the Luxor and Paris I think. KEEP the daiquiri bong and get refills for $10. The fun & creative barkeeps can mix and match whatever flavor you are feeling like, and have colorful 50/50 mixes. You can always can get another unnecessary extra shot for $1. Don't do it.I don't care if it's close to a casino or not. Minus TWO stars, one for the drunk smoker on the left of the walkup bar and minus one for the drunk smoker on the right of the walkup bar (you get stuck in the middle) they are ALWAYS there. Hold your breath, tip your server. Party on.
4	My little sister and I recently took a weekend trip to Vegas - she turned 21 earlier this year and had never been, and I just haven't been in a while. We decided to do one of those "club tours" where you hit a few different places, get VIP entry, and get some drink specials (by the way, TOTALLY worth it. Check TravelZoo first, though - you can usually get the tour for a discounted price through them!) since she had never been to Vegas.The tour met here at Evening Call, before we started the night. And, I gotta say, this was probably my favorite place in regards to drinks. I'm a fan of slushy, fruity drinks - and you wanna add ALCOHOL to it?! Count me in!!It was a nice little starting point for the evening, and their frozen drinks are awesome.
4	Every trip to Vegas is not complete without a gigantic yardstick of slushy, alcohol infused amazingness. There are a few locations that the bartender told me, but I also come to this one because it is near my hotel room since I usually stay at Mandalay Bay, The Hotel or The Four Seasons. One night when I could not decide what to drink the friendly bartender offered me samples of everything he had. My light weight self was already tipsy, so I cannot really tell you how each one was. I am a fan of the "call girlz" though-- that one is really tasty. For a dollar extra you can get an extra shot, or for a two dollars you can get top shelf shots. I would only suggest to get the extra shots if you are trying to get on that sort of level-- the extra shots killed me last time. This place is opened late and is very similar to Fat Tuesdays. I think Evening Call offers beers, but I am not too sure about what kind of beer. Either way, its Vegas-- no one remembers anything anyways!
3	Stopped by on my way to Light because they had a drink with my name I would def order the "Vegas Lai". If I didn't live in Vegas I wouldve ordered mine in a souvenir cup instead of a plastic evening call cup.
5	It's like a slurpee with booze. The boyfriend and I always love a good giant alcoholic frozen beverage when we're in Vegas. We were staying at Mandalay Bay and happened to stumble upon this little gem. The bartender let us sample a couple flavors. I ended up getting the fireball apple cider, which was amazing. A lot of places make their drinks taste like cheap lighter fluid, but at this place, the drinks were flavorful. Because we got the 50oz drink, we also got a free added shot. The boyfriend had a chocolate mint concoction with baileys. It tasted like a chocolate mint shake. It was unique, and we have definitely never had anything like it on the strip. We will definitely be hunting down other locations when we're in town again. $17 for the 50oz and $12 for a refill. The sign also says they'll refill any plastic cup. There's also an added little touch that I appreciated, and cup coozie, to help prevent frozen hands. Nice little touch, and I thought I'd add it in.
4	One of my first stops in Vegas if you came here before bring your back your cup you'll get $10 refill, employees are always terrific and always have delicious slushy drinks, always a good time at the spot
3	So mad that they got rid of Wakeup Call. That was my absolute favorite... and the only one I could drink a lot of. We used to come to Vegas and drink it all day, going from location to location as we walked around the strip. Unfortunately, the rest of the flavors are really super sweet and it's hard to drink more than a cup without it being too much. The orangey ones are pretty tangy and I was fine with this, but everyone else I was with couldn't find anything that they liked. Disappointed that it's gone, it was one of my favorite reasons to go to Vegas but now I don't have much to bring me to Evening Call when I visit.
