2	First, let me say that Italian eateries appear to be a dime a dozen. "Italian" has become watered down into a bland mix of spaghetti, lasagna, pizzas and some bland salads on iceberg lettuce.  I got tired of these so-called Italian restaurants eons ago.  But someone suggested Fazoli's so I tried it. YUCK!  It fits right in with the bland, pseudo-Italian stuff I've been talking about. Does that mean the food is bad? Not necessarily, but you can see from my review my basis for judging it unsatisfying. It's just kinda nondescript, nonspecial, "blah" to me.   But that type of blandness could make it a good choice for a group of friends or a family with kids who want a casual dinner with familiar foods.
2	It's fast.It's inexpensive.But it's not tasty.However, I'll give them an extra star for the breadsticks.The food isn't horribly but it doesn't satisfy any Italian cravings you might have.I tried their Fettucine Alfredo and it was very bland. Then I had their Chicken Parmesan. They put the very dry breaded chicken on top of the cheese which is melted onto the spaghetti underneath. Definitely strange.
4	Sooo I know most of you wouldn't call this *diet* food, but surprisingly the kids meal choices have been awesome dinners for me when I have few points left on WW. Sometimes I'm in a rush and don't want to cook pasta for dinner (yes, it's easy, I know). The kids ziti is fresh, low calorie, and delicious! I'm also a huge fan of the surprisingly good pizza. My fiance and I were both shocked at how good it was for drive through. The breadsticks are also awesome, but very not diet friendly! They have some awesome salad options (chicken with fruit.. etc, etc), and a wide-varied menu. My fiance adores the sampler platters. Yes it's junk food... but it's lower in fat than burgers or mexican, and satisfies my craving for italian. Oh and it's crazy cheap. They have good sized pasta dinners right now for $2.49. Service has always been friendly and quick.
4	I think the food here is nice for inexpensive, fast food.  The baked lasagna is pretty killer good.  But what really makes this place awesome is the service.  Seriously, the people that work at this place are so totally kind.  I think it is the management because they are super nice and I think it makes the employees treat the customers really nicely.  If you are sick of rude customer service, go here for a refreshing change!
3	Took a while for food. Picked up baked spaghetti and salads.  Good value.   Salad dressing was a bit off, enough to set that aside and toss.  Otherwise a 4 star.  I'm rating this for "fast food" expectations
4	I have literally had everything on the menu, multiple times. It is a great place to mix things up. Breadsticks. They are fantastic...I would love to just have them. But, it is cheap, fast, italian. So qualifying that four star with that, it is a four star with those expectations set out. Service is pretty good. I mean it is usually high school kids and stuff, but they do a decent job.
3	Ah, they are cheap and drive-thru is alright. The food on the other hand is kind of crappy. I find it extremely salty, probably masking the fact that their food has no flavor without it. I got the sampler combo, it comes with twice baked lasagna, spaghetti w/meat sauce and alfredo. The lasagna is probably my favorite out of the three, the alfredo being the least favorite. The alfredo lacks any flavor! Its just eating noodles with some thick sauce slathered over it with no apparent taste. I didn't detect any hint of cheese or anything. The combo is about $7.99 and comes with a drink and breadsticks. It used to come with a salad or pizza but now have to add $1.49 to the price. I was stupid enough to add a caesar salad to the combo. What a waste of a buck fifty!! It was just iceberg lettuce with some cherry tomatoes and shredded carrots (The kind that is pre-bagged at the stores) It didn't even have romaine! Never again. If anything I should have gotten the pizza and make my own damn salad at home! My boyfriend got the chicken penne with basil. I tried it. It kind of sucked. I didn't taste any basil. No flavor at all.Sometimes if going through the drive-thru, you might have to wait 15 mins! This last time, we got our food  fast, but the time before that, I swear, we were waiting for at least 20 mins! Probably will still return if really craving some crappy italian food for cheap and am lazy. But, I might as well make my own food at home!
3	I remember at work we had a joke about Fazoli's being the McDonald's of Italian food xDI really like going to this place when I have a sudden craving for Italian food and want it, fast. Hint fast. Which i basically what Fazoli's is: a fast food Italian restaurant that you can eat in, or go through the drive-thru.I always order the Fettucine alfredo because that is my favorite, ANYWHERE I go. Haha, and I like it because it is accompanied by a thick paste, not a runny one, even though it is sometimes on the salty side. My boyfriend always gets the chicken parmigiana and I have had a bite of the chicken. It was not dry which was a plus but it was sooo cheesy so it was not for me! Getting an entree only is about $6 or less and it comes with breadsticks. They are way too salty for me though.There are a lot of seating arrangements but most of the time, the place is not packed at all. The food is inexpensive and you have to consider that you cannot get authentic Italian food here so do not come with high expectations. As previously stated, only when you have a sudden craving for fast Italian food.
2	Let me start by saying, we were going to eat at a different Italian restaurant.  However, it was closed on Memorial Day.  This was our second best option considering our location and, the fact, we were so hungry!  Prices:  Average considering it's fast food Italian.Service:  Average, also considering it's fast food Italian.Food:  Salty!!!!!!!  But it tasted good because we were really hungry.Will we go back?  I hope not.  It's not because the food is horrible or the typical reasons I would choose not to go back to a restaurant.  My reasoning is the food is incredibly salty!  It's over processed, fast food with an Italian theme.  We got home after dinner and literally couldn't drink enough water!  The meal made us so thirsty!
2	Wow, are they serious? Just the idea of Italian fast food should have been a warning alone. Very mediocre borderline nasty food. The pizza is like rubber and the pasta cheap and the service was SLOW. Anyone could have  boiled their own penne by the time service came through. I rate this as an emergency I need some ravioli and gotta get back to work type of place.. I'd never just eat here for pleasure.
4	CLOSEDThis place was pretty decent for a cheap "Italian" meal, though it was hard to eat here on any day but Sunday since Montesano's Italian Deli is within the same block.It will be missed!
