4	I saw Angelas review and it perked my interest since this is just a few blocks from the in laws. I was like 'how do we not know about this?!", but it was tucked away in a corner and has a general sign that says "bakery" with a heart on each end so very easy to miss. The cake slices looked interesting and they were running a special of buy 2 get one 1 free so I chose the strawberry tres leches and mom got a strawberry slice and a chocolate mousse slice. Mom also wanted a Bavarian Turnover and a pound loaf and I wanted some polvoron, a Filipino which is kinda like eating sand, but good milky sand. Tres Leches was pretty good and the chocolate was good. I didnt try the strawberry slice. The turnover had a thick custard creme in it, not bad at all..but not something I'd get again. The pound loaf we were a bit unsure of since it was so dense and felt like it was stale to the touch...then mom took a bite and she liked it. To the touch was dry but it wasn't even dry at all when you ate it oddly enough....reminded me of cornbread in it's texture. Polvoron was good but hard to mess that one up. Now the kicker is all of that was $9 and some change. Yeah...crazy cheap!  I saw him ring up 6 individual pieces of polvoron as 50 cents. Yeah, for you Flips out there looking for polvoron, fuck Goldilocks and their $5 dozen bag and come here.3.5 stars. I'll come for polvoron since it's right there by moms. I won't drive down for it though.
2	The Skinny: the chocolate cake was pretty good, the other stuff was not that great (2), service is exceptional - the owners are eager to help (4), value - was okay, nothing exceptional paid 3.99 for tres leches and 2.99 for a slice of cake.Came here because I heard they sold strawberry tres leches cake. So I meandered over their way. First of all, they do have a deal going on currently where if you buy 2 pieces of the same cake, you get one free. Also, there's currently a discount for ordered cakes.Unfortunately when I went, there wasn't much selection in the bakery case. The lady at the counter was pretty nice and helpful. I ordered a piece of german chocolate cake and strawberry tres leches.  After I ordered that, I asked if my purchase qualified for the promotion but the lady said no. Seeing my disappointment, she gave me a free croissant fresh from the oven on my way out.To be honest, I was driven mad by the smell of the croissant - that buttery aroma wafting through car is intoxicating. Problem was, the croissant itself wasn't that good. The croissant, albeit nice and flaky on the outside, was too dense on the inside. This suggests that the dough was not properly made (croissant dough has to be kept cold to retain the integrity of the butter layers to get the flake).I took a look at the tres leches at home and was concerned. There were a bit of fuzzy looking strawberries on top of the tres leches cake. Like as in three pieces of strawberry were looking kind of moldy on top of the cake. Despite this, my hubby and I did try the cake (whatever doesn't kill ya makes you stronger). It was okay - nothing special. The flavour of strawberry came through but the texture was too soggy for us after sitting in the milky topping for too long.Finally, the chocolate cake. The actual cake itself was good. It had a nice texture and tasted like a nice semi-sweet chocolate cake. However, the frosting was not appetizing. I think it's more of a textural issue for me. I found it too thick and gummy for my taste.If only their baked goods were as good as their service, I would be back here in a heartbeat.
4	I'm more impressed than I thought I would be!  After helping a friend with a book that she's writing, I had a very strong craving for cake.  This bakery was a few minutes away and at first, I was annoyed because it was hard to find....however, I finally located this bakery in a(nother ubiquitous Vegas) strip mall and walked in.First, the sign above the door says Vegas Bakery, NOT Baked with Love Bakery!!Ok.  The interior is small, but clean, and boasts a very nice variety of cakes and other baked goods (doughnuts, cookies, bread rolls).  I chose a slice of the red velvet cake ($2.89/slice) and slice of the tres leches cake ($2/slice).  Both are really good!  Very fresh tasting and not too sweet.  The red velvet -- very moist -- tastes like there's a bit of strawberry in there, but perhaps that's just me.  I really enjoyed the tres leches' crumb crust.Great value, nice people, and surprisingly good product.
