4	4th Floor Grill has a half dozen large screen High Res TVs for watching sports along with super large rectangular pizzas that cover the table with dual S shaped supports plus Sam Adams on tap...  oops the secret is out
5	The first time that I visited Scottsdale, I stayed here only because they were hosting the convention I was attending.  They have two large swimming pools, the rooms are nice, and they have free WiFi, which lately seems to be rare in more expensive hotels.  Why can I get free WiFi at the Super 8 Motel in Ogallala, Nebraska, but not the Logan Airport Hilton in Boston?  But I digress...A good, hot breakfast is served each morning with options like made-to-order breakfast burritos and more traditional fare.  The staff is also helpful in recommending local restaurants and attractions.
3	Dam you Doug !!!Ok, I thought I be the first but Doug beat me to it.  Any establishment that has a free happy hour for it's guest is a plus nuff said. Yes -the 4th floor grill is awesome and the bar staff will give you the In's & outs of Scottsdal-ing culture and the pizza they serve is pretty dam good- the complimentary breakfast was was actually good too. I'm not sure if they still do the free happy hour thing but what sold me on this lets say resort - is that while I was there , there was a whole bus full of girls that where promoting - some kinda of alcoholic beverage - and I heard from a good source many beverage companies uses the Chaparral as a pit stop for their promotional tours... Word- I guess they come for the pool's...
5	First time I ever visited Scottsdale and to be honest I loved this place.  The people here are extremely friendly and excellent service.  My room was cleaned on time and the breakfast was great.  They had excellent cantalope and grapefruit.  Coffee was better than the hotel next doors too.  Plus, the hotel was situated in a great area of Scottsdale.  Would come back to this place for sure.  BTW, thanks for great service guys!
4	The Fourth Floor Grill is a nice place to grab a quiet lunch or a snack at happy hour. The booths are large and comfortable, service brisk, dining area is very clean, and the pricing reasonable. The food is above average with a wide range of dishes to choose from. I enjoyed the Shrimp and Steak.I also had an out-of-town friend stay at the hotel recently, which he claimed was an excellent value.
5	This hotel is an experience with the free breakfast. The rooms have sitting , and kitchen area . Their service was great. 2008 was our second year to stay their. You can even rent a car at the hotel saving Phoenix Airport charges the a rental.We like this hotel because it is close to The McCormick-Stillman Railroad Park in Scottsdale.
5	This place is all about the service, top notch and friendly. The rooms were fine, nothing extraordinary but our party was there to gather together, enjoy the sun and splash around in the pool (there are 2 pools and 2 hot tubs) and order poolside service. Noodles and various other pool toys magically appeared so the various & sundry guests didn't have to resort to fisticuffs over the toys. The free breakfast in the morning is tasty and plentiful and the free happy hour in the evening is a plus. And still the service is super friendly. Dinner at the restaurant and lunch in the bar were just as good. Can't say enough good things about this place. I even loved the scent of the shampoo/conditioner & lotion.
5	Made reservations again here for October. Going to Railfair 2009 at the McCormick-Stillman Railroad Park just down the road.
5	Was in town for a seminar that was held here so my friend and I decided to room here also. We didn't regret it at all. Great place with clean rooms. 2 Large swimming pools. One decent gym. Tennis court. The 4th Grill is a nice place to grab something to eat and watch sports games in their sport bar. They have FREE happy hour at the main cafeteria/cafe? I'm not sure what to call it but damn, free happy hour is awesome. LOLI'll definitely come back if I'm ever in town.
5	Every room is a suite.  I get up before sunrise to go hiking, don't wake Kim up. Breakfast is cooked for you seven days a week.  Eggs, bacon! Not carbs. Carbs bad. Protein good. 2 pools. Middle of Scottsdale. Oh yeah, try the pork chops for dinner.  Bone in.  Nice!
3	If you are a drinker and a breakfast eater then this is a great place to stay.  They offer a hot complimentary breakfast every morning with eggs, bacon, pancakes, etc.; but not a lot of healthy options ie. granola, yogurt.Free happy hour every day for a a couple of hours.  The pools are nice, and the rooms are spacious.  The whole place is caught in an early 80's time warp and is in need of a makeover.
5	The best place to stay when in Scottsdale, AZ. Breakfast is served hot and ready to eat every single morning. Healthy too! Great scenic backgrounds from your room. 2 pools and a pond. Nightly cocktail hour. Right in the prime area of Scottsdale. $89 a night and your 5th night free if booked on Expedia.
4	Can I go ANYWHERE in Scottsdale where my friend and fellow Yelper, Michael C., has not been there first?This is a great little gem.  The grounds are quite nice, beautiful and clean courtyard, with [obviously] suites instead of rooms.I have to admit that my expectations were low because I had only seen the menu prior to my visit, but when I entered the lobby, I was immediately impressed by the great hospitality.  It was evidenced again when we arrived in the restaurant and were greeted with warm and friendly faces.We ordered sandwiches, but I will likely return for a few reasons: 1) early Happy Hour...where else can you enjoy Happy Hour starting at 3:30PM!?  And 2) Friday All-You-Can-Eat Fish Fry.  OMG, welcome home!  (In Wisconsin, my home, there IS no other option on a Friday night!)The food was great.  Seriously, I don't think I have had better fries ANYWHERE!
4	Enjoy the stay. Complimentary 'full' breakfast A+. Happy hour was also a bonus. The only gripe I have was housekeeping. We called daily (5 day stay) for towels. That were not replenished after cleaning..Wtf??? Needless to say that was annoying as ever. We had to walk down to the frontdesk & obtain the towels we called for.  Other than that it was a nice stay. Room decor is a little dated, for the $ I expected better.
4	Stayed here for a couple of days.  The suites are well appointed with a sofa-bed, small kitchenette, and a King Bed.  The property is kind of dated, but they've kept up with the maintenance of it.  Everyone from the front desk clerk to the staff at the sports bar are very friendly.I especially like the proximity to Old Scottsdale (a mile or so) and shopping on Scottsdale Road (a couple of blocks).The bed is pretty comfortable....not the best I've ever slept in, but very good.  You can find some great rates here too....I agree with what Yelper Karri G said about it being a gem.  I recommend friends to give this place a try.Return Factor - 80%
4	So I am here on business and this is a great, relatively unknown hotel. A co-worker recommended this location and its right in the heart of Scottsdale. Free wi-fi, free happy hour, free breakfast and large suite rooms. The rooms are a bit dated and need remodeling, but all in all it's a good spot and definitely worth the low rate.  Considering all of the major business hotels were $40 more a night and I am doing my part to be fiscally responsible with the company's money, it's a good choice.The hotel was a good mix of vacationers, business people, and conference attendees.
4	To enjoy Spring Break with our son my wife booked us a week  at the Chaparral Suites in Scottsdale. It was love at first site. Seriously this place rocked. If you are looking for marbled floors, stuffy front desk personnel, and overpriced drinks go somewhere else. This place looks like it is fresh off the set from a 70's movie.However, the included breakfast (cooked fresh to order) is really good. The amenities are great (pools, tennis courts, gym, etc.). The daily happy hour with free drinks is a nice way to wind down the day by the pool. The rooms are suite style and give you lots of comfort away from home. All of this for the daily room price makes this hotel a must stay. I almost don't want to share the secret of how good this place is...Conveniently located in Scottsdale we were near everything we wanted to do in Arizona for the week. The front desk staff is helpful as is the concierge service. We will definitely go back to stay.
5	Five stars for Chaparral Suites in Scottsdale, AZ .  We had a family reunion and 60th Anniversary event there in late Sept. 2011 and it was the best reunion ever.  Special thanks to Danny, David and Marlene in the Sports Bar & Grille for making our special dinner in the Cactus Room so wonderful.  Impeccable service, great food at a good value and awesome cocktails.  They also served up the anniversary cake we had delivered in a very professional, but personable manner.  There were 13 of us and everyone loved their room (suite), totally enjoyed the free breakfast and other meals and the grounds were beautiful and well maintained.  Staff are everywhere to help you and make sure you were not in need of anything.  We would love to do it again next year.
5	I found the Chaparral Suites to be an exceptional value at $85 a night in early December.  With hotel tax of $12.68 per night, the total is only $97.68 per night.  The rooms were clean and huge.  I got a two room suite with a king bed in one room and a sofa bed in the front.  There was also a bar and large table with three chairs in the front room.  You also get a freshly made breakfast in the morning included in the hotel rate.  The staff was friendly and very accommodating. The hotel is only a few blocks from Scottsdale Fashion Square. So you can shop til you drop.
5	What an amazing hotel! The complimentary breakfasts rock, the rooms are spacious and just perfect! Our room had an awesome side view of camelback from the balcony and the quiet environment was the best. Though it was quite chilly to go swimming, I do regret not swimming in their heated pools during my stay. I would definitely stay here again!
5	I am so happy I discovered this place.  My husband and I stayed here Dec. 25 to the 28th and found the suite to be very comfortable.  It had all the amenities one could wish for.  I love that it is located so close to shopping and restaurants.  The breakfast every morning was a wonderful perk.  My husband and I will definitely be back!
4	Over all we give this hotel 4 stars. It was rough at first as they gave us 2 queen beds vs. a king like we had reserved, but they were more than helpful in accommodating us in getting a king. Unfortunately most of the king beds are all around the ends of the hotel and not pool views they told us, so they sent us all the way to the back of the building to an available king room. However It was facing Chaparral Rd. and was so noisy (from the street traffic) in that room. We ended up back to the 2 queen beds, which after all, worked out okay. Bright side is we got more pillows. :) The rest of the 4 days we were there were great! The breakfast is a full restaurant and was included free with our stay! Great, fresh food, cooked to order. We saved quite a bit of money from not having to go out and buy breakfast. Breakfast was one of our favorite things about the hotel. :) Pool, hot tub & fountains looked great! We didn't have time to swim but it was really nice to see the cleanliness of everything on the grounds. Another great thing was the free parking and so close to Old Town Scottsdale and the Fashion Square Mall. The only down side of the parking is that in the evening it is very hard to find a parking space. You usually have to park quite a ways away. If you're looking for a great place to eat, visit Grimaldi's Pizzeria (amazing!) and Honey Bears BBQ! Our favorites while we were there! Enjoy!
5	Chaparral Suites have big rooms for the price. This hotel offers suites with a separate bedroom, two sinks, a wet bar area with microwave and fridge and two TVs per room. And that's just the basic room, the upgraded suites are even more fancy. They also offer a free cooked to order breakfast in the morning and complimentary cocktail happy hour each evening.This property is a little dated and not the most fancy, but it's a good solid property. One thing to note is that it's enormous and walking from one side to the other for the conference rooms was a big challenge. I would suggest asking for a room closer to the other end of the property if you will be attending any meetings. I stayed here for several days while we held a corporate meeting in the space. The meeting rooms were well appointed, with projector screens, podium, plenty of seating. The staff was great with changing our table arrangements from classroom style to lecture style between days. I felt like the service to replenish beverages and snacks for our  meeting was a bit distracting. They came in mid-lecture an started stacking glasses, loudly.One evening we held a dessert mingle for our employees and it was phenomenal. I highly recommend this service if you're planning to hold a meeting or a wedding on this property. It was a little chilly out but there were plenty of outdoor heaters to keep us warm. The dessert spread was fancy, and plentiful.Our last night we held a banquet and chose the Italian style menu. It was around $50 per plate and I thought it was a little skimpy on the portions for the cost, but everything tasted amazing and the servers were on point.
3	Nothing to really wow about. The rooms and staff are nice. If the price is right, you won't be disappointed.The best part is the complementary breakfast and the 4th Floor Grill ensure you won't have to leave the property to get a good meal.
4	Chaparral Suites have big rooms that work great for a family of four. We stayed in a double queen and the pull out couch in the living area was nice for the kids to have separated beds. The rooms are on the older side but the entire hotel has lots of character. There is plenty poolside space to lay about.We also enjoyed the cooked breakfast in the morning and the complimentary drinks in the evening. Looking forward to returning soon.
1	Please think twice before you stay here...we booked our suite on the internet and thought we were getting a good rate, we checked in and stayed for a couple of nights then on check out we find out they raised our daily rates!  Fortunately, we brought our confirmation ( which includes the rate)with us...at first they were not going to adjust the rate until we asked for a manager then they made the adjustment!!!  They told us the rate went up the day after we checked-in...shady business practice!  The place is out dated, the 2 hour reception (Manager's Reception) is over-rated...the line is long with only one person pouring for all those people and they use cheap alcohol so you are sure to have a hang-over the next day!  The Breakfast is okay...don't expect to get an omelett.  Oh yes,  we were told we were getting a king bed and ended up with two queens.  We will never go here again!
3	Was headed to Scottsdale and looking for a comfortable/clean, yet not overly fancy place to stay. We knew that we would be out of the hotel more often than not, so wanted to save some money on accommodations...THE SCOOP:The staff here were great, from the folks that checked us in, to the housekeeping staff. The rooms were large and comfortable. The bed was great, everything was clean. The hotel offers a complimentary full breakfast and happy hour. The breakfast was definitely impressive (made to order eggs, bacon, french toast, you name it). It worked well for us, since we were up early and off for the whole day. Definitely visit the onsite restaurant. We typically have little faith in hotel restaurants, but this place was fantastic.THE POOP:As many reviews have stated, this place definitely is a bit worn. You can tell there hasn't been a remodel in decades (however it is clean!). The complimentary happy hour and breakfast are a great perk, but the lines can get outrageous. The room, while clean, had no aesthetic value. Also the guests in the hotel tended to be a bit rowdy for our taste. THE RECOMMENDATION:We might stay here again, but only if we couldn't find a better deal elsewhere.
1	I stayed at this hotel on 6-9-12 and had a very bad experience. I reserved 4 rooms on 5-14-12. When we arrived there were only 2 rooms reserved even though I had a confirmation number and was billed for 4 rooms. I spoke with Mike who was an assistant manager, he got us 2 more rooms and said he would look into the problem and call me when he figured out something. Mike called me about 20 minutes later and said he worked out a solution. He said there would be a $37 charge for amenities which I said was fine. About 15 minutes later I got a text from my credit card company saying there was a $172 transaction charged to my card from the hotel. I called Mike and asked him what was going on. He said it was a pending transaction for amenities and would not be charged if nothing was used or missing from the room. I told him I was already charged $37. He said he could not do anything with the charge until we checked out and closed the ticket. Now as for the rooms, one of the rooms would not cool properly and the shower rod and curtain was missing so one of us were moved to a different floor. The other 3 rooms a/c did not work very well. It was only 99 degrees that day so I am glad it did not get any warmer as the a/c would have been inadequate as we had them on max. The suites are a little larger than most suites which was nice. The full complimentary breakfast was nice also. The overall appearance of the hotel is dated and needs some work. I paid $89 per room and would not advise anyone to pay more than that for their 1 bedroom suite.Upon checkout we spoke with Dennis and told him of the previous charges and I asked him for a receipt showing that nothing was owed. He said he could not do that. I asked why he stated his system would not allow him to do so. I asked him if he could not give me a receipt I wanted the $172 charged to my card credited back, he said he could not do that either. I told him I wanted something showing that I had no balance with the hotel. He said he had no way of doing that. I said I wanted something because I not want to have to dispute charges with the credit card company. Mike said he could give me a copy of the screen off his computer system, at this point I said fine. I then asked for a manager and Dennis said he was an assistant manager. I then asked for the general managers name who Dennis gave me the name of Tom Silverman. When I got home I left message for Mr. Silverman and have yet to receive a call or email from him.This hotel did not meet my expectations. If you plan to stay there don't expect much.
5	We don't have a lot of money, our little pleasures are funded by coupons and groupons. We would never have sprung for such an expensive hotel without the living social, we simply can not afford more than the necessities. So this weekend was a living social blast. Pizza and sangria for lunch, this hotel and balloon ride over phoenix and wine tasting on the way home.The staff were very nice, 6 people cooking sunday breakfast, which was well attended. beautiful tiled pool and hot tub. very nice food at restaurant with voucher from room.enormous two room suites, much nicer than home, free bottle of wine. 5 pillows.happy hour with pool was very sparsely attended, sad such a nice perk. only a few people around the pool at night, we were the only swimmers.  we saw a number of people walking through at night  with carry out from the front, so other restaurants must be nearby. the conference rooms appeared booked for the weekend, a good sign of economic health.i wish the staff the best in this difficult economy, they seem to be doing everything right. hotel is well maintained, they are looking for every opportunity to create value for the business traveller so they return and recommend this place to others.i love to see businesses strive, they are well worth looking into if you are looking for a nice place to stay in scottsdale.thank you. it was a very nice trip.for the traveller, rooms have microwave, safe, refrig, the front desk has dishes.you can walk around old scottsdale from the hotel. it is a winner. with free wifi.note on price, website had our room set at $169/night
4	We only stayed for one night because I needed a place for my kids and I to sleep as the moving company that was moving us took until midnight. The rooms were pretty big and the beds are pretty comfortable. The bathroom was pretty small tho. It could use a little remodeling, but all in all it was nice. Breakfast was pretty good too. It had everything we needed.
4	went here using a living social deal. room was much bigger than we expected with a cute little living room area. two tvs, nice big bed, very clean. there was a bottle of wine in our room upon arrival. the front desk was very helpful. from 530-730 there were free drinks at the clubhouse, and we definitely took advantage, but it seemed not many others did. upstairs from the clubhouse is a sports grille, where we ate dinner. food was great, especially for a sports bar. there are two pools and hot tubs, but it was too cold when we went to dip in, although we saw some people in the pool. would definitely go again. 4 stars only because the elevators smelled weird.
5	I have stayed in a fair number of hotels in the last 30 years and this is by far one of my favourites now.  We spent one week with them as a family, had rooms side by side so that we could interact with each other without interfering with other people, and we were stationed right by the elevators so getting our golf clubs up and down from the rooms four days out of the week was a snap!The hot/cold breakfast included was amazing - we never went hungry and the quality was incredible considering it was free!  No cheap-ass muffins and dry toast...you had eggs cooked to order, french toast, pancakes, sausage or bacon (or both as we discovered if you asked nicely), cereal, hashbrowns, so much food you left stuffed...The hotel restaurant also did all the roomservice and the portion sizing was amazing considering the pricing and quality...you got amazing food and you almost never had room for desert.The housekeeping staff were friendly, quick, and didn't touch our personal stuff unless it was to condense it to one spot so they could clean around it, so very honest.  I even found one of the lightbulbs had burned out two nights before we were to come home and after leaving a note with the bulb on a counter, we came back from golf to find the bulb replaced and working again.  If we had a spoon for stirring hot chocolate filched from breakfast, they never took it away.  The extra blanket we'd ordered on the second day was never taken away like they normally do in other hotels - they just let you have it until you either check out or ask for it to be removed.The gift shop was significantly lower on their pricing than the airport for the same items, so i was happy that I'd bought stuff there rather than wait until later.  Everybody was super friendly!The property was clean, quiet, and although you could hear the fountain from the sitting room the bedroom could be completely closed off by two sets of doors (one set on either side of the bathroom door creating a mini hallway).  It was bright, cool, and the only issue I had was trying to open the bedroom window which was a bit stiff.The hotel is 15 minutes walk from Old Town Scottsdale, and a 2-5 minute walk from two amazing restaurants - Taggia and the Roaring Fork.  It is within easy 5-30 min drives from approximately 200 golf courses, and we even did a sidejaunt up to Taliesin to see Frank Lloyd Wright's home and still-functioning school for the Taliesin fellowship for architecture.We will definitely be staying there again.
4	It's definitely a good place to stay if you are in Scottsdale. It about a 15-20 minute walk to Fashion Square. It's also close to Old Town. We were able to get good savings from hotels.com. I have seen Living Social offers so discounts so there are other ways to get discounts. We were able to save quite a bit of money since the hotel offered a free shuttle to and from the airport. They also offered free hot breakfast that was made to order. There was happy hour from 5:30-7:30 pm. Our room included a living room, kitchenette, two TVs, and an additional sink in the bedroom. The additional sink was great for my aunt and I especially when we needed to get ready at the same time. There is also a Dollar Rent A Car on site. Renting a car is easy, and they do offer an AMEX discount. Concierge was very helpful as they booked our Sedona tour prior to our arrival. Some of the front desk staff were more friendlier and nicer than others. Unfortunately, the place especially the courtyard area did not look as pretty as the pictures. Although the rooms are nice and clean, I agree with other Yelpers that it does need a renovation. I recommend this hotel if you are not going to be on site the majority of the time and for the great amenities. Otherwise, if I had the money, then I would stay at resort.
3	We choose this hotel based on the yelp reviews. The room was clean and welcoming. Comfy beds and and I liked the little balcony. However the free wi fi never worked. We didn't take advantage of the free snacks as this was to inconvenient to go down to the lobby every time we wanted something. It was loud at night with thin walls but it was understandable as there was a wedding going on.  The breakfast in the morning was nice quaint and busy. I didn't see much of the staff, so can't make a comment there. I don't know that I would stay again but it was a nice little get away.
4	I stayed here for a couple nights attending some work meetings.  Found the property to be a bit dated but, it has nice amenities like free cocktails in the evening and free breakfast in the mornings and a very friendly and helpful staff.  The grill/sports bar on the 4th floor has surprisingly good food.  While dated, the room I stayed in was clean and comfortable and it's nice having all the rooms be big suites.  Definitely would not mind staying again although I would not pick Chaparral as a destination for a family outing or anything.
4	I went to this hotel on a conference and was SO pleased with it. The staff is very nice and helpful.The pools are big and since there are two, they aren't too crowded. They are, however, really warm, so it's not that refreshing in 100+ degree heat. Something that everyone raved about was all the free stuff that came with staying there. A full, made to order breakfast is served every morning. And at night there are free cocktails for a couple of hours. The rooms have nice living room/kitchen areas separate from the sleeping area with a fridge and table. The wi-fi was tricky to get to work, as you had to use an ethernet, which, my computer does not have a place for one. The air conditioning was also subpar. I like when hotels have those big units that blast out the coldest air you can get. These were just vents, and it was hot at night.It's close enough to everything that you can enjoy yourself without needing a car. There are golf carts that operate on tips that will take you almost anywhere. I highly recommend this hotel!
5	5 stars all the way. I was recently in town for a quick trip and just needed a centrally located place. Rooms were super nice and remodeled, I felt safe and service was great, They offer a great breakfast every morning, This will be my go to spot to stay when I am in town visiting,
2	My wife and I stayed here for a few days while in town on business.We had a suite overlooking the central courtyard at the back.Turns out that's where the delivery trucks do their deliveries and for 3 days in a row at some unGodly hour 2 tour buses were loading up Japanese tourists.My God what a racket !There is nothing in the suites as far as utensils....not a spoon,not even a bloody bottle opener.And then there was the clincher...must be why the place was pretty full.From 5.30pm to 7.30pm every day its happy hour in the large breakfast room with free cocktails and light beer.Every man and his dog was there...mostly quite elderly people getting medicated for the evening.It was pretty funny really.My wife and I were down there shooting some pool and the place was packed with oldies walking around with little plastic cups of cocktails or light beer.It's like a nursing home on steroids.
4	Travel to Phoenix on business and usually stay at high end resorts, but felt this place deserved a review.  Great value and a nice lace to stay. Spent several days here. Breakfast is included, and it was pretty good. Much more than expected.  Suite Rooms are nice with the divided areas. Two Heated pools and hot tubs were great after long days hiking. Close to many great restaurants, the gallery shops, and other shopping. Can't beat the value.
2	Free breakfast is nice.  Interior is dated.  Restaurant is good.  They offered a $50 F&B credit per day but would only credit the spend if used the first night of each stay.  Wish we had known that.
2	Checking in to say the suite is very large with a bar, living room, free internet, a convenient sink and vanity in master bedroom.  Decor is very antiquated though for the price point.  Everything appears to be from the 80's and is wood.  A corner fake plant that might be a nice accessory if it were actually in a decorative pot rather than it's cheesy factory box thing.  The vanity in the bedroom is a nice feature but the lighting is so bad that I can't even use it to shave.  That means a woman would never be able to use it other than to pile her crap on it.  I give it 2.5 stars.
4	My first time here (husband comes frequently on business).  Really a great buy, near all of the good restaurants and shops in Scotsdale (but don't overlook the 4th Floor Bar and Grill).  The free breakfast is really amazing and they cook eggs, pancakes, etc to order in addition to continental classics.  Great for a weekend getaway in the Phoenix area.
1	The best thing about this place is we were only there to sleep. The interiors of the rooms are dark depressing and sooooo old. The brass with black speckled round door knobs? I think you stole these from my Grandma's house. For $200+ a night I was greatly dissapointed. The bathroom was disgusting dirty and dingy. No decent lighting and can't open the blinds because we were on the ground floor and the front doors are all glass so EVERYONE walking by looks in. I would never stay here again with all the hotel choices in the area with similiar rates. Do not waste your tine. The free breakfast wasn't even very good!
1	This place is gross! First off the rooms smell, the towels smell and the carpet is filthy! One of my pillows was dirty and there was a hair on the comforter. It feels more like a truck stop then a hotel in Scottsdale. Couldn't wait to leave! I don't understand these other reviews, makes me think there fake!
3	We  stay at this facility almost every year same time. However, this year 3/23/14-4/5/14 was much too crowded. There was NO parking in the evenings. The pool was a nightmare. People were getting down there before 7AM and saving all the lounge chairs in the sun. One party came down and saved 6 chairs for her entire family and didn't even get back  until 10 AM and stayed the entire day.  Therefore, I had to set the alarm ON VACATION for 6:30 to join the crazies to get a chair. There are way too many guests and not nearly enough chairs. They used to put a row outside the pool area and I recommend they start that again. We ALL pay for the sun and pool and this was terrible!!  On the plus side..  Breakfast was great, evening reception .. LONG line and popcorn gone in 20 min. They can't make 2 batches for the hundreds of guests??  Car rental.. Very convenient.  Nice rooms but dated and smelled like tobacco!!
4	This place is nice, you can tell it was probably the nicest hotel back in the day. It's a little outdated but still nice, which is why I give it a 4. 4th floor bar and grill is nice - lots of tvs meant for watching sports events, food was ok there. There are two pools with jacuzzis. The rooms are huge, they come with a nice small living room and a mini kitchen with a bar! There was also an extra sink in the bedroom in addition to the full bathroom. Complimentary breakfast is served cafeteria style. My only small complaints are that the fruit wasn't really fresh, the tv channels in the room were limited. Overall I enjoyed my stay.
1	I drove in from Vegas for a conference, checked in to the room and it's ancient. The fan/AC settings are hot, off, and cold. No temperature adjustments, the elevator was out of order, both remotes had dead batteries, the room phone handset didn't work, and lastly, my first night there, I found blood stains on one of the pillows. A very disappointing stay all in all. The upsides? Good breakfast.
5	I recently planned a business meeting here for 28 people (April 2014).  I loved it.  They were very willing to work with me on price and were dedicated to helping me have an exceptional event. The meeting room was comfortable, the complimentary breakfast was great, the catering was well prepared and executed, our suites were spacious, and the staff was wonderful to work with.  They were always smiling!I received many compliments on the event. I would certainly plan another event there.
4	Nice suites and great amenities. Food not so good. Free happy hour is nice.
1	Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere!  Upon entering our room, there was popcorn on the floor and hair all over our bedding.  The toilet is made for a child and runs forever!  The a/c did not cool the room adequately and the rooms are old and outdated.  The kicker is that the Chaparral hosts lots of conventions so all the parking is taken up by the people coming to these conventions so that the hotel guests are aced out of parking.  We had to park at a different hotel next door and walk through a dirt path at night back to our room because of the parking situation.  We will not be back!
4	I stayed here for a week long business trip in September 2013. The hotel is lovely and I enjoyed my stay immensely. The complex is rather large, with two pools and two spas. I made good use of them and found both pools and spas to be well maintained and enjoyable. The front desk staff was helpful in assisting with shuttles and dinner information. The gift shop was a nice treat and the lady working there was very friendly. I chatted with her several mornings before my conference began. The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is that my toilet did not work properly, and often was difficult to flush. Other than that my room was clean and surprisingly spacious. I would definitely stay here again.
5	Sadly we only stayed for one night, but this hotel was incredible. I wish we could come back and stay an entire week! The rooms are spacious and comfortable, with tv in both the sitting room and the bedroom. Also enjoyed the in-door blinds to help bring more natural light into the room. Aside from having a beautifully maintained courtyard and pool, the biggest value for the rate you pay is the happy hour each night and the breakfast each morning. The only gripe we heard at breakfast was that there wasn't any fresh fruit available. With all the hot options there were to be had, fruit was the last thing on my mind! Loved, loved, loved this place! My only complaint is that we weren't staying longer and that when I tried to hang my towel on the bar in the bathroom, the bar fell out of the holder and scared the crap out of me! Big complaint, I know.
4	We stayed here because of my high school reunion and it was ok. Our room though a non smoking room had such a smell of cigarettes that we kept the door open most of the time. I travel a lot for work and stay in many hotels (4 this week) and for the price it wasn't the best deal. Service was great which is why it's a 4 star but I wouldn't choose to stay here if I had a choice.
3	Breakfast:Pros: free, hot, served for 3 hours, lots of optionsCons, meh- not so tasty, long linesRoom:Pros: large, kitchenette, Vaseline lotion /Pantene shampoo and conditioner Cons: smell (a combo of musty + ashtray, how mood setting), the bathrooms are pitiful (poor water pressure, tub doesn't drain well). The AC unit is awful, our room was never cold..just lukewarm (even though the setting on the 80's thermostat was on cold, high). You also need to ask if you want dishes (etc) to use in the kitchenette. Event:Attending an event here and it was quite nice. There were some lights in the courtyard making it look really pretty. Overall:We had limited interactions with the employees but all was good service and happy people. Managers reception = free drinks for 2 hours is pretty awesome. Not a bad get for the price...but there's ways to improve the experience. I was also a little sad to miss the parrots, I thought this was a neat touch. This place has a tennis court (with lights!) so dont forget your rackets if you play.
3	Came here again with friends and noticed the sofa bed mattress was lumpy.  Had to clear bathtub drain and  tighten toilet seat bolts.  Free breakfast was nice.
