5	I did a hypnotherapy session with Sydney a few weeks ago and I absolutely loved it. She came to my house to do the session so I would be comfortable and relaxed. The session lasted for approximately one hour and she used techniques to provide better energy flow in and out of my life/body. I had filled out a questionnaire beforehand so Sydney was prepared with a session before she came over. After the session I literally felt lighter for days and was bouncing around. I am looking forward to my upcoming Past Life Regression session that we are scheduling soon. Sydney is amazing to work with, you will not be disapointed!
5	I have received multiple sessions from Sydney, some have been Past Life Regressions and others were Energy Work/Balancing. Each experience has been wonderfully healing as her ability to offer support and guidance never falters. Her intuition, compassion and knowledge make for some very powerfully healing sessions.I am very grateful for all of the help that she has given me, and feel very confident that she will be helping thousands of people with her angelic skills as a healer, guide and teacher in each of the modalities that she practices. I fully trust her with all of my regressions, and know that she has helped me move past several blocks, and guided me into gaining a much deeper understanding of who I truly am.Thank you so very much Sydney for being you! I am looking forward to our next session :)
5	Sydney helped me more in one email before we even had a session than any other "licensed" therapist I've ever gone to before. Not to knock traditional therapy, but this girl has a real gift for listening to what's really going on in your life and being very non-judgmental in her approach. She's a very sweet and caring person and you can tell through her calm and understanding. If you're looking for someone that will really listen and give you perspective on your situation, whether it be current or long-term, Sydney is your girl.
5	I actually found Sydney through the many positive reviews that I found on Yelp. After having 2 sessions with Sydney I would have to say I agree with all of the wonderful compliments that I had previously read. I was skeptical of hypnosis at first and Sydney helped me to become very comfortable. She was understanding of my fears, and offered a mini hypnosis prior to the big Past Life Regression that she performed on me in session 2. Sydney traveled to my home, or offered to meet me anywhere I would like that would make me feel most comfortable. She is very passionate about what she does, she has a calming energy, is very respectful, non-judgmental and goes above and beyond to help you to achieve the healing that you are seeking. I got a lot out of my past life regression and am very happy with her entire healing process. I would highly recommend Sydney to anyone who is looking to find inner peace, learn more about themselves, and are open and willing to branch out past traditional modern day medicine!
5	I couldn't be more pleased with Sydney altogether. I was skeptical at first of the naturalistic methods but Sydney's made me a believer. Her professional demeanor is complimented by a personal care for her clients that I couldn't find anywhere else. Being down to Earth and communicable are very good traits in this line of work and Sydney has them in spades. If you don't think sitting on a couch in a stuffy office with Mr. Freud asking you how you feel while he plays Sudoku is your cup of tea, give Sydney a call. You won't regret it.I've had multiple sessions with her in different ways: just talking things out and gaining valuable insight and clarity as well as hypnotherapy to unbind myself from the things that hold me back from being truly happy. We've done face to face sessions as well as accommodating Skype sessions when travel was not ideal. She's so easy to talk to and makes you feel comfortable and safe to say what you may not say to anyone else and that's huge. If I can say one last thing it would be this: Therapy is a big step (a scary one sometimes) and you need to trust who you're dealing with because you won't get help unless you're honest with yourself and with your therapist. I trusted Sydney after 5 minutes of talking to her and I don't trust anybody. I give Sydney Songer my full recommendation as a hypnotherapist and life coach, hands down.
