1	Bed buffs look out it's got bed bugs
3	It is a standard Holiday Inn, and  I much prefer the Express and Suites now that I have stayed in their "full service hotel" which is most definitely NOT!   Compared to a motel 6, it is great but for the chain I have to say I have experienced better, so take this rating against other Holiday Inns only.  It would be higher if I were to compare it to the Days Inn down the road!  But I digress....The staff is very efficient and friendly, even with a full house.  The Wifi is free and fast.Happy to report NO BED BUGS, even though another rater said there were.  Comfortable bed, refrigerator though no microwave.  As stated before, one elevator slow as molasses.  Pool and jacuzzi were clean, perfect temperature.  Showers and towels in pool area which is sort of in the building but not fully enclosed.I am a bit miffed that I was told there was a restaurant on site open for lunch and dinner but once we arrived it is only open for limited breakfast and dinner.  No breakfast like the expresses have, this was a sit down and pay $8 for just biscuits and gravy.  No thanks. There is an IHOP across the freeway and a Waffle House at the intersection.  No lunch service as promised while we were here!  We stayed further from our event than we wanted specifically so that  while the car was gone I could stay at the hotel and have lunch.  The "room service" is Domino's.  Their little sports bar was fun, with friendly service but doesn't open until 3:30 pm.Had they not misrepresented the place to me I would have rated it higher, but when you come to a place with specific criteria and are misled it sort of spoils the whole thing.
1	I stayed here one night and hated it.  I'm a member of the Holiday Inn rewards program.  Upon checking in the person ahead of me was greeted as a member and given a "goodie bag" and thanked.  Apparently if you use Hotels.com to secure a room at this establishment, they treat you differently (I'm sure that's a big duh!).  Of course no thank you and no goodie bag.  I did get my points though.Upon entering the room, it just wasn't the quality that I've been used to with other Holiday Inns.  Dark, worn and used.  They definitely need to update this place.Here's the clincher for me.  When I went to take a shower, I found hair in the tub....Not mine and not just one.This area is also very noisy being so close to the freeway.   Sirens all night long.
1	The staff in this hotel were very good, but its lower than average in terms of the interior.  The carpets needed a good cleaning, and the whole hotel was just in need of buffing up.  Not the greatest neighbourhood either.  I wouldn't stay there again.
2	Meh....I've experienced better is definitely right when it comes to this hotel.  My husband and I had to stay here for 5 nights or so and during that time our maid came to clean the room twice.  Despite leaving the "clean room sign on" and calling down to the front desk to physically ask them to clean our room they never did. One day they even put a note under saying "sorry your privacy hanger was on" when in fact it was sitting in our room.  I just think the staff is lazy and doesn't want to do their job!!!  Besides that, the room itself was okay.  The beds were just alright.  They scaled down and had no microwave or refrigerator in our room even though the website said it was included in the rooms.  All they had was the piece of furniture it was suppose to go on so it almost looks like you got robbed of those items.  If that was enough of a reason not to stay here there is only 1 elevator.  This POS is slower than molasses.  Seriously, I could have probably run up and down the stairs before it even made it to my floor to pick me up.OH....and how could I forget about the parking.  Awkward, small, spaces....if you have a nice car prepare for dings and dents in it. The only positive thing I could say about this hotel is the fact that you are super close to the 10 freeway so if you have to commute somewhere it makes it easy.  Enough said.
3	The hotel is a bit outdated, but it makes up for it with the friendly staff!Overall for the money I can't complain about the hotel other than the local bums that you see around the hotel, this is just a result of the location.  The hotel however is a great location in regards to local venues like Ak-Chin pavilion and local restaurants.
2	This review is just for the banquet room and banquet food service.  When I said banquet room I mean a medium size singular room that could be split to 2-3 tiny rooms.  My employer had their annual Christmas employee luncheon at this Holiday Inn Hotel.  We took the entire room and had to bring employees in two waves to avoid folks standing around and waiting for their meals.  On to the food,  the presentation was really standard.  Three tables with linen and chafing dishes with sterno cans keeping the hot food warm.  The food itself had the appearance of being comparable of prepared hot food you buy at the grocery store.  I had a grilled chicken salad which was not impressive based on the prices my company paid per person.  I've had a better salad at Chick-Fil-A and Wendy's.  The servers were absent from our dining area.  If you're a banquet server, in most cases you know ahead of time what you will be paid for the job.  It you don't like the pay or your job just stay home.  I was never offered a drink and had to refill my own water throughout my lunch.  I general tip on top of the pay already received if good service is given, not this time.  This is sad because if I had a vote, mine would be not to return here.  As you walk into the lobby they used to have a fairly large dinning area for their restaurant.  When we walked in today they have scaled way back on the dinning area unless they're remodeling and stopped construction when they demolished and cleared out the previous area.  This restaurant and banquet area needs a lot of work if they expect attract companies to host events more than once.
2	One elevator, stairs lead to fire doors, no goodie bag though I am a Priority club member, no fridge or microwave. Bed was comfortable though. Stayed in better HIs. Won't be back to this one, let alone this part of Phoenix again!
1	Before you book the hotel, here are a few considerations. """AVOID TUESDAY'S!!""" AMWAY uses this place as their Phoenix meeting, and indoctrination facility, the parking is "all for one, and one for all" until 10:00 PM (who still gets involved in multi-level marketing!!!) Secondly it is dated, but the staff is great. The hotel needs a secret visit by Holiday Inn management.. "The elevator" (only one) is SLOW, and the fire escapes do lead you out into the So. Phoenix Garden of Eden, so beware if you feel the need to seek past the wait for the lift, likely you'll encounter the guy who's car just ran out of gas and he needs a few bucks to get to L.A. and attend his mother's funeral, or just ran out of baby formula!
3	This hotel is part of the Holiday Inn chain. It's a fairly big hotel for stories lots of parking spots in the center location on I 10 and I 17 area. They have a bar restaurant on site that opens during happy hour and evening and a convenient business center for use. The rooms themselves I'm nice but you can tell the hotel is a little bit outdated. The carpets are old and the interior I have a lot of things and scratches which is normal from a hotel it's been around for a while ...Bottom line it's a good value and it's clean if you need to stop and get some rest.I personally prefer the holiday in at the airport which is more modern and cleaner.
2	My check in was rough and had to switch rooms due to the room smelling like smoke. The hotel is in need of an upgrade and the rooms need it more. The bathtub nozzle was loose and when I turned the tub on the shower flip was on and I got sprayed, that's frustrating in the morning. Parking was a pain and not female friendly when checking in late at night off the main freeway.All of this could've been fine if they only had decent cable!!!! No HLN or Bravo! Done..
