5	In less than 5 days, Roadrunner hospital has a loyal customer for life. I appreciate a vet that has later office hours so you can avoid going to the emergency vet clinic. They also showed a great deal of compassion when I had to put my pomeranian of 14 years down. Fast forward 5 days later and I am back with my 8 month old puppy. Parvo was the diagnosis and after an hour with the vet tech, my husband and I are trained and equipped to treat her at home.  She has since made a full recovery and I owe it all to them.  Thank you!
5	Roadrunner Animal Hospital has the best staff! Lacey at the front desk has the best customer service. The veterinary assistants and veterinarians were so knowledgeable and the doctor even called me to check and see how my Tucker was doing after surgery. They have great hours and always have available appointments when you need to get your pet in fast. I wouldn't recommend any changes for Roadrunner. They are great!
1	Worst vet I have ever Taken my dog to. Horrible service. These people are all about the money not about caring for a sick animal.  The actual vet I had didn't even know what was wrong with my dog and brought me out a $700 treatment plan.  I called my dogs old vet, petsvet in surprise, and they got my dog in and treated for less than 1/4 of the price. And they set me up w a cash discount and a payment plan as I was not able to afford The surgery. They were actually more worried about getting my dog back to good health then money.  I would never ever recommend this place to anyone.  These people don't care about the animals. Just$$$$$
5	We have always been very impressed with Roadrunner's staff. They always explain things to us and make sure our pets are comfortable. My dog had Giardia and they got us right in on a Saturday. Several medications later and she was back to her happy, healthy self! My parents brought their dog here to get her teeth cleaned and they were very impressed with the service. They thought the cost was very reasonable and the staff was exceptional. Thank you Roadrunner!
5	I had a sick bearded dragon and I was recommended to go here on a moments notice. They took me in at 9am the next morning and followed up 3 times to make sure he was ok. They have a reptile customer for life! Dr. Evans is amazing!!!
5	Our kitty was struck ill quickly and unexpectedly overnight and was completely unable to move his lower half. Roadrunner Animal Hospital is not our usual vet, but is the closest to our home so we went in as soon as they opened.We had no idea how bad our cat was, but the Dr. explained in great detail why he was unlikely to come back from the condition. We made the difficult decision to end his suffering and the staff and vet were extremely supportive and compassionate. They were quick with the tissues and hugs and we appreciate that they took the time to comfort us. The techs made us ceramic footprints to remember our pet, and washed and folded the towels we used to carry him in.
5	We were referred by another vet office that was booked, RRAH was able to give me a same day appointment on a FRIDAY. I was SO thankful. Th front desk person was very helpful and understanding. I loved our vet and the vet techs ALL were SO nice and good with our cat. They gave us 4 treatment plans, I even called the next day as out kitty was still struggling with his bladder and they were so accommodating. I didn't have to drag our cat back in to be seen and they happily got us some anti spasm medicine that helped immediately. I've been to one other vet hospital and it was far from this awesome experience, oh and our vet called to follow up and make sure our cat was feeling better! Well done, definitely going to stick to going here!
2	I hate writing reviews like this for a place with such nice people, but I'm extremely frustrated with our experience here. We brought our 14 year old cat in because she was showing potential signs of kidney failure (I know these symptoms now, didn't at the time I came in). They got us in right away on a Friday, which was great. I was not impressed, however, with the exam. It felt like the doctor was not thorough, more focused on keeping our cat calm and comfortable. My cat didn't like her trying to look in her mouth (surprise!), so she mentioned that it could be dental. Unsure of what the problem could be, we gave the go ahead on labs and were sent on our way with nothing more for a cat that wasn't eating much and acting lethargic. I got a call with the results and they were normal. He then hard sold me on a dental exam and possible extractions that would total over $1,000. I wasn't buying it, since she began eating again shortly after the visit (switched to wet foods), and had no other signs of major dental disease. Fast forward two weeks, I have to take my cat in again because she's in extreme discomfort. I took her to Arrow Animal Hospital, where the doctor performed a thorough examination and (gasp) looked in her mouth and determined that it wasn't a dental issue (saved us $400 right there...). She did X-rays, which showed enlarged kidneys and a swelling pancreas. I can't help but doubt myself for not getting a second opinion sooner. Something no pet owner should ever have to worry about. I'm sorry, but missing enlarged kidneys and pancreas issues is pretty bad. That's life-threatening. It seemed like they were content with calling it a day and collecting a large amount on the dental exam. I'm sure that would've helped with her kidneys, right? Ugh.
1	Thanks to Arrow Animal Hospital and their thorough testing (X-Ray, lab panel, and urinalysis -- I would think this is standard in a senior cat), we have a diagnosis. Pyelonephritis (kidney infection). Had Roadrunner sent her home with some simple antibiotics, it might have prevented this from progressing to the point that she was nearly at the end last Friday.Knowing what I know now, I'm never referring anyone to this place again. I just can't stomach the fact that my cat likely would have passed away had they put her under for an unnecessary dental surgery.
