5	First off this isn't a hookah lounge, its more like a Mansion! (hence the name) This place is huge 30,000sq with two floors and three area's including sky box's over looking the main dance floor. During the day its a restaurant and the food is delicious and also relatively cheap.  At night the venue turns into a full blown night club including bottle service GoGo dancers and DJ's. There is plenty of parking and the staff is always friendly.  If your tired of the mega clubs on the strip then this is the place you wannabe at. The venue is located just off the strip but not far from all the other attractions. I highly recommend their double apple & peach hookah!
5	Wow... After Laziza shut down, I heard this was the relocated spot. As soon as I walked in, I was in awe. This place is huge. I recognized a lot of the people from the old venue. The music was great and the hookah was top notch! Prices went up a little, but it wasn't an issue. It's so much closer to me now.
5	I kept hearing  the buzz about Oracle Mansion so I decided to go check it out! As soon as I walked in I noticed how elegant it was. Not only was it nice, but it was big and decorative. Having a couple of drinks with some buddies I enjoyed the club atmosphere, good music, good hookah and the place over all. Full of good energy this is my new spot to hang out and its right off the strip!
5	Well I don't want to just say "Ditto" to what Tommy L. said but that pretty much summed it up, even that it is close to where I live. So Tommy you took the words right out of my mouth, all of them. "Awe" is what you feel walking in to Oracle for the first time. I can't wait till they get the final few pieces in place. Paymon's may claim to be the original Hookah Lounge in Vegas but after you visit Oracle you will be saying "Paymon Who?"
4	I went to Oracle Mansion this past weekend with a few friends who invited me out. It was a wonderful atmosphere and just the kind of relaxtion you are looking for on a friday night! To my surprise when I arrived there I found out about this great happy hour menu they have, with very nice prices. My friends and I ordered a few appetizers chicken and lamb sckewers, Hummus, pita bread, grape leaves, and lasagna. It was all out of this world and I was very impressed with how much flavor everything had! The Chef came out of the kitchen to greet us to make sure everything came out okay his name was Dominic, and his hospitatlity went above and beyond and I really couldn't have asked for a better experience when it comes to service. On the downside of things when I went upstairs to use the restroom it was so hot It felt like a sauna hopefully they have the AC fixed by now. I will definitely  go back though it was well worth the food, drinks and my time ; )
5	I heard a midget doctor owned this place.  But then it turned out it wasn't a little troll at all it was a really well spoken lebanese guy with a pony tail and beard.  Food was amazing. Hookah to die for.  I smoked for an hour.  Good stuff.  I'm definitely going to recommend this place to any and everyone I know. Plus I hear they deliver to Panorama! Well all I know is if I ever see that midget while I'm out at the pools this summer I may just fuck him up.  Good job hookah guys!
2	Safety first. Gun shots were fired, and the cops blocked off the front entrance. I probably won't be back.If you're a daredevil here's more of a review. The place is located off the strip kind of out by its lonesome. It does look like an old mansion, but the decor is okay. Lots of people come here, and space is definitely an issue. You can barely move. I purchased one drink and one shot. The shot was strong, the drink was really weak and was $9. Not really worth it. The music is pretty good. A good hip-hop mix. The crowd is diverse, which was surprising. Make sure you dress to impress! The guys and the girls look really good. Hookah.. I know they have it, but I didn't get it. I guess it's a nice added bonus if you have a table. Have fun if you go.
4	Free shot with checck in and review post. Free shot 5 star. Party scene cool not a lot people but "hey baby" radio station is here wassup. Dark inside, center bar with everything u want to drink and people smoking hookahs. Good times where everyone else on a Saturday night!?Nice its a mansion.
4	6 of us came here on a friday night using the yelp deal spending a bit more than given. - expensive hookah and entrees. after a while, the flavors all taste similar. entrees list their happy hour price. you will get deceived. they are all $10. - good music. hip hop and some reggae. occasional jerk and hyphy. - spacious. we got our on table. - snobs. some lady spilled her drink on herself when getting up and blamed my friend. bf wanted to fight him. ghetto. - drinks are small. too expensive. - waitress is hot. service is slow.
5	Came here on Saturday June 16 to support KEITH BEVERLY! When I got here with a group of 4 friends, we just wanted to smoke hookah without bottle service. It was kind of odd getting help but I just asked the hostess and she was amazing.She gave us a table reserved for bottle service and let my group smoke there and explained that if someone wanted bottle service we may have to give up the table and go to where the normal smoking area was.I never had to find out where the normal smoking area was but do know it probably was at the bar. We even had a server as if we purchased bottle service and she was awesome. Both the hostess and server treated us as if we purchased an expensive bottle. Frequently check up on us and even allowing our group to be over 10 even when the place got to peak hours.The price was really good!We had hookah for two hours and ordered 5 drinks.Including the gratuity it came out to $80! Of course I gave an extra tip because the girls were awesome.I was having a bad night and their customer service just made me want to write this as soon as I got home. I'm sure not everyone will get the same experience but I had a really good one.
1	Boo... locals still charged cover, and 10$ valet (with no sign that lets you now this as you pull up! Rude people at cashier- We had a large party and 10 bottles & 2 Hookahs- you would think the staff would be eager to please but I barely saw them, hookahs ran out and took 30 minutes for them to fill them back up- empty juice and soda for another 20 minute wait... come on really? This location has been at least 5 other businesses (mostly all strip clubs) over the past 4 years and they never lasted- don't see this lone last till next summer. DJ talked over a;ll the music (which was crappy overplayed blah music) not sure if I can call him a DJ- he just hit shuffle on his itunes, drank patron and talked over every song. Cops were all over this place b/c someone fired a gun in the parking lot... yeah, i'm not coming back to this place- even if they had open bar
4	Great music. Well-dressed crowd. Cheap drinks... friendly bartenders. The door wasn't an issue... and the security guards were so kind about getting us a cab back to the Vegas strip.Friday nights are hip hop... not sure about the others. My girlfriends and I really enjoyed ourselves and danced nonstop.
3	$20 Cover on Friday even though i came early. No deals for locals. On the plus side the music was good but it did get really crowded and there was no room to dance lol.
4	I went on a Wednesday night to check out the HOUSE music. Calamity of Noise and DJ Stellar kicked out the beats until the wee hours.The place is an old strip club turned into a nightclub/hookah lounge. It was nice, clean, and spacious. It was a nice break from the over-packed, over-crowded club scene.The bartenders were attentive and friendly.
1	TERRIBLE! Why you may ask? Well, to start off they only offer Valet parking which is a $5 dollar charge. Upon being rushed from the Valet, one will enter what was formally a low-class strip club. This "nightclub"/hooka lounge has a somewhat open venue and a considerably large dance floor, yet it is filled with people standing trying to let everyone know "how tough they are". We purchased a bottle and hooka, and were whisked away to their makeshift VIP section. We had a booth and had to endure people from the ledges below sitting essentially in our private space that we purchased. After an hour, I decided to leave and I gave the valet my ticket to get me my car. After waiting 25 minutes, the valet informed me that they lost my keys. I would eventually get them back the next day after they informed me that they had given the keys to the wrong person. How that happens? I have no idea. While going through this debacle, I could not help but overhear the conversations between Johns and prostitutes in front of the club. If you enjoy Marquee, XS, Surrender, Tao, Etc.; you will hate this place. Why? Because it has no class, negligent business owners, and a sketchy crowd. Don't waste your time.
4	Two thumbs up .. Jelli radios rocket wednesdays at Oracle mansion is a blast!! The Layout and location are perfect.. staff is awesome and the girl to guy ratio always on point  you definatly have to check it out.jk-
4	Oracle Mansion is like the king of all the hookah lounges of Las Vegas.. They have ample parking space plus valet (not complimentary) .. 2 floors for partying and a nice sized dance floor.. It's a great place to come when you want to party like you're at a club but don't want to go through the hassle..They have a different event every night of the week .. like Fusia Asian night on Wednesdays... Latin nights on Thursdays, etc.. I don't think they ever charge a cover except on weekends or for special events. I really like the look and feel of the place.. feels very sexy (used to be a strip club lol) and hip.. I came here for a special Cirque event on Halloween that included open bar and passed hors devours and Cirque dancers.. it was amazing!! They even had a dancer dance with a live banana boa~ The only negative reallly is that when you get hookah it takes forever to get a bowl reloaded.. Other than that the cocktail servers are nice and most of the batenders are as well.. Hit up Airuzz B if you need bottle service or to get on the guest list..
1	cheap ass guys their. I go to the club all the time and never meant any cheap ass guys in my fucking life. pay 5 dollars for parking. SKY vodka only. No bottle service for women. If you want perverted guys this is the place to go. If you want to get dick slanged and eye fucked this is the place to go. PERVERTS i tell you !
4	I've only been here one time. It's hidden but best direction I can give you is to hit Polaris when on tropicana. Head north of Polaris and you'll see it to your left.Went on a Friday night. No strict dress code, no cover charge, cool people, room to dance and away from the strip. I like chillin' on the tables upstairs.  Really easy to socialize and just talk while the bottom floor is mainly where everyone is dancing the night away.The majority of the crowd here is Latin. I told myself that the next time I come back here, my salsa dancing skills will be better. What am I saying! I can't even dance at all! Haha. Well at least I try.  Check this place out. You have nothing to lose if you don't like it. It's free!
1	This place is the definition of RATCHET. No joke. It smells, and the drinks are way over priced. They need ventilation, and Dj's that don't yell perverted obnoxious shit into the mic. Definitely not coming back, 64$ for 4 drinks, never again.
3	Wednesday Latin nights. Great crowd, the music is hot and the dress code is dress/casual. I made the mistake of dressing like I was gonna hit a club on the strip- big mistake- this place is nice- but not that nice. The floor is not really spacious, but the place is literally a mansion hence the name ;) Drinks are not very expensive either $5-$7 for cocktail and you can get table service 7-9 peeps with Sky Vodka for $100- not bad.Overall, I'll be adding this club night to my dance list :D
3	I've been here twice. This is where you want to go if you are in the mood for some ratchet music & fun, on Friday nights. The VIP is cheap, $50 for some cheap SKY vodka. I went on a Sat also and was probably 1 of the oldest in the club, no ma'am. But they play awesome music, so let loose and have fun. It's definitely not the strip honey.
4	I went last night which was a sat. Met the manager got showed mad love. The staff is great, no drama n very laid back n fun place, they played a super mix of rap n top 40 so it was poppin. If u like rap, go here, it's a good spot, it's a mixed crowd n u can text stupid stuff to the tv display. I did pay $11 for a patron shot. Good Dj too
5	I love this place. Stepped away from the hard core partying big ass club venue places and find a place like this. Good good good ass music on Friday. It was a lot of hip hop an R&B type from back in the day. Hey you get a free shot if you check in too. I have no idea what I got but it was at least a double I ended up sharing. We got bottle service, the price wasnt too bad either, we also for hookah. I think it was Maui Wowi flavored. The Gogo's and staff were all extremely nice. This isn't a body to body type place which I loved. No sweaty gross man bodies trying to cop a feel. It was definitely a chill night after the Drake concert surrounded by cool ass people with good music and ambience. Downfall. The girls bathroom has only one stall -__-
1	I was brought here by a friend and let me just say; I never made it inside! My review is based solely on my wait time sitting at the valet line for 20 minutes! I'm making this review quick because this is plain and simple:I went on a Friday night and it was packed! From afar it looks like a cool little hidden gem for good music and hookah. However, after sitting in the valet line for 20 minutes and observing the crowd waiting in line at the door to get in and listening to everything going on; I WANTED OUT.This place was extremely hood! While I waited I watched girls start issues with other girls in line. Saw girls walking out the  place with no shoes on, the language being used by most of the people waiting to get in line was that of some rebellious middle schoolers. Then I finally get to the front of the line and the guy wanted $20 to park?!!!!!"Ain't nobody got time fo that!"
5	LATIN NIGHT!!! So much fun.. I live in Cali and this is the best club I've ever been to :) off of the strip.. Good people, hot guys, good drinks, great music, great vibe!! Loved it. Can't wait to go back
4	Came here the other weekend for Airuzz B.'s birthday event, Black Tie & Lingerie! What better theme?! This was my second time going to this club - the last time I don't remember much... ANYHOO!!! He had the whole upstairs reserved for his party so that's where I was for the night. I didn't get a chance to mingle downstairs at all like the last time which I don't remember, but ANYWAY! It was fun! The bartender was great and there was Hookah everywhere! Airuzz already had all the hookah's set up but I think they were only like $20 to rent. What I thought was really cool was someone would come around every so often with new hot coals and get you all set up again! SO NICE.
4	I'm not the one to go to clubs much, mainly because I dislike going to clubs on the strip. That is one reason why I love coming here, a club off the strip! Every night has its theme. I love going Thursday (latin night) and Saturday (hip hop/top40). Definitely call in advance to reserve a table or room, prices are reasonable. In addition they now also have a strip club room with a separate DJ and bar. The upstairs lounge has its own bar as well! Whoever puts together the hookah bowls are champs too! They know their hookahs. Oracle also hosts the bartenders flare competition the first Monday of every month as well. Bartenders from everywhere come out and show their flare, style and tricks! Like coyote ugly type thing! Very entertaining and fun to watch!
5	Vegas's best hidden treasure!  Going strong while many other "off-strip" clubs only last a few months...Oracle is just getting bigger and better! Great Hookah, Staff is SO friendly, Cabaret inside...open late, what more can you ask for??? Plus NO bogus lines or crazy cover charges!  See you there!
1	Went Three weeks ago. There is no parking!!!! They make u use a busy and slow valet. How do I know? I was one of the many ppl that parked in a busy parking lot RIGHT NEXT DOOR to the club. And we all ended up getting our car towed!!! I had to pay $300 to get it back that night.. the bar is to packed with hookas and you can't get a drink for nothing.. The floor feels like it's gum everywhere...
1	Do not I repeat do not valet your with them!! They left my car keys inside and it lock and then they try to blame it on me when I gave the guy the keys! Another friend drove and tried to take me home and asked for her car and she got two different cars before getting her car! Then they asked her if she wanted to get the car or go get it herself! Plus the place is small! Not worth the trip!
4	Been there for live mix on sunday pretty cool place..service is greatBut desighn of the bar and dance floor is not the best lol(STUPID DESIGHNER/BUILDERS LOL)
4	Only place I've ever been to that has waffles and hookah till 6am. I don't care for the music or the environment and the hookah is not amazing but it hits the spot after a great night.
1	Not the greatest
4	It's ok I like going Thursdays for Latino nights. Kinda pricey for drinks but for Girls Night Out its good. I prefer going here than at the strip cause it's more cheaper and for me the ambiance is better
1	First time & definitely not coming back. My girls & I got a VIP table & the security did a horrible job. When we would leave to go to the dancefloor or bathroom there would be random people sitting at our booth. I also think our drinks were drugged since we all became sick while we were there & the following next day. It was not a hangover trust me. Also a purse was stolen & security did nothing. Only good thing was the music but other than that I'd rather stick to more upscale clubs like Marquee.
4	Oh where to start....let me start of by saying I came to Oracle on a Saturday night.Pros:The valet is $5 and the entrance is freePeople are thoroughly enjoying themselves here, the dance floor is crowded and I witnessed a girl dropping to the floor in full splits (yes it happened)The crowd is well mixed but most of the girls I saw were wearing extremely short dresses, or short shorts with their butt cheeks hanging out and over half the crowd definitely knew how to twerk, hump, and "back it up"There were also some girls flip flops (yes flip flops)So pros are there might not be a dress code. The gogo dancer is in a thong######If your looking to get laid it will most likely happen here by the looks f the dancing###this to many men and women is a pro.Another pro the music is really good, too loud for my liking though.Con: The womens bathroom took along time to get in about 15-20###OVERALL PEOPLE ARE HAVING FUN AND ESPECIALLY FOR OUT OF TOWNERS A GREAT ALTERNATIVE, FRIENLY OWNER AS WELL
1	Where to start, $10 Valet. $20 cover for me and my lady. Young crowd, and when I say young I wonder if they really check IDs. Bottle prices are normal for a strip property, but this isn't a strip property. Place wasn't even crowded on a Saturday. If you are a local you already know; stay far away from this place. I know VIP hosts at most of the majors and get comp bottles at Light, XS and Tao whenever I want to go out. Why in the hell would anyone go to this overpriced hole in the wall (I'm kicking myself). Yeah its huge and it's well decorated but so is the Home Depot, but I wouldn't put a Valet in front and call it a nightclub. Amateur hour, kiddy playground.
1	There are way better clubs to go to, even if this was my last resort I would rather just go home or PT's. Have some dignity and class. But don't get me wrong the music is great on Fridays and Saturdays (hip-hop thank God) but that still doesn't make up for the horrible experiences I've had here. It's a club for people who didn't make the dress code for actual, reputable places or those who haven't experienced a REAL Vegas night. Sad. The older crowd would be impressed as would the people with no lives or aspirations to do better in life. Total Pass. However, if you WANT to be disrespected, humiliated and downgraded then it's perfect. But please don't be THOTless and just go walk the strip-that would be more entertaining.
2	Pretty cool off the strip, club, to visit. We ended up at a theme night which we weren't a fan of however that's not the reason for the low stars.  I ordered 5 drinks...1 Jameson with sprite, 1 Jameson with club soda, one shot of patron, one bud light, and one cranberry vodka. $60...okay, over $10 a drink, I can deal with that. We didn't order Well drinks so okay. The bad thing is that I DID NOT GET JAMESON! that's what pisses me off!!! Some people may not be able to tell the difference between Black Velvet and Jameson but I can. My husband can too so I know I'm not crazy. I didn't even drink that crap. I felt sooooo bad for all the drinks I saw being pored out of grey goose, patron...etc...knowing it was fake. So dang sad man. My cousin who is from Vegas brought us here thinking it was a different themed night  so he bummed we didn't have a good time but honestly, the drinks were the only bad thing. What a horrible thing to do. The mark up on alcohol everywhere is insane. This club was crowded too so there is nothing more than greed for this. Stick to beer here guys.
