4	Rae Images recently took part in an event with Accrue Partners. As apart of the event, Rae Images conducted photography for LinkedIn photos. A group of friends and I participated in the event and we enjoyed the lunch time break. Honestly, I did not have high hopes for my photo...not because of the photographer but because I felt "no so dolled up" for a photo, you get what I am saying? It was just one of those days BUT once I received the headshot photo a few weeks later via email,  I was pleasantly surprised! My "not so dolled up" look didn't look so bad--I am thinking its the magic of Rae Images. I changed my LinkedIn photo the same day. In addition, I looked up th Rae Images website and saw some of their great work. The photos on the site look polished and sophisticated. In addition, at the Accrue Partners event the photography crew (of two) very professional, took their time with each person and the final product reflects their hard work.
5	I recently contacted Rae Images for a professional headshot per recommendations from some colleagues at work. I was reluctant and nervous about taking the photos as I tend not to be comfortable in front of the camera. The request required a quick turnaround and Rae Images was extremely flexible with my schedule and customer focused. A make-up artist was scheduled for my session through Rae and the entire process took less than an hour. I was excited when I received the proofs to select my final headshot because there were so many great photos to choose from - as a result of the photographer and a good eye for lighting particularly. There was also a quick turnaround once I made the decision on the headshot. The final photo was retouched and sized so that I could use it both internal to my current organization and externally for sites such as LinkedIn. Everyone who saw the photo had compliments about how well done the pictures turned out and I cannot say thank you enough to Rae Images for making it such a wonderful experience!!!
