1	These G-Damn A-holes have been phone spamming me for the past year.  Over 12 calls despite my number being on the Do Not Call list for over 2 1/2 years.I've asked them to stop calling me and the crabby old B!^%# that answers their phone (lies) claims they always check the DNC list. BS, you old hag.F--Desert Valley Aire and the rock they live under.You pissed of the wrong mullet, mother effers.
1	Still P.O.S., d-bag, shady mother fu(kers.Have received about 15 more (illegal) phone solicitations from them since the last review.There's a special place in hell, right next to Saddam's  hemorrhoids, reserved for the scumbag, a-hole owner of this business.
1	I had an appointment with this company to come to my house between 8 and 11am.  During some of this time, since I had to stay at home, I opted to do some yard work.  When I came back in I noticed a message from them and they said they were running late and I was next on the llist, and if I had any questions to call them.  I went back outside and continued to work.  By 1pm. no one had shown up.  Now I had some questioins.  I called and they said since they could not verify I was home they skipped my appointment.  NOTHING WAS MENTIONED IN THEIR MESSAGE THAT I NEEDED TO CALL AND VERIFY I WAS HOME.  The representative even argued with me after I played  answering machine message  over the phone so she could hear her own words.  Telling me it was not their policy.  I said to her they should make their policies known to the customer.  DO NOT HIRE THIS COMPANY IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO WASTE YOUR TIME.  I even spoke to the owner and all they offered was to set up another appointment on another day.  Well I decliined.  What should have done is if they had any idea of customer service, they should have immediately sent someone over to do the job, since I had made time that day for their service call.  There are many other air companies in the valley.  Avoid this one.
1	Endless phone spamming....they just won't stop calling my phone.  Really, if they would focus on being reputable, I bet they would make more money and actually be able to retire, rather than scamming people.  Legal fee's may get these guys in a few years.  : )
1	I have a maintenance contract with these guys $2600 for 5 years too late to cancel. My air conditioning went out, they came out spent 2 hours to tell me it was a circuit board, billed me $176 labor, advised me I need new circuit board $1200, probably should replace unit $8000 to $10,000. Called another company, advised me in 15 minutes was circuit board, ordered part they came back fixed in 15 minutes, advised I don't need a new unit. Total cost less than $500 including labor. Call them if you don't mind getting held up with 2 guns, I will not let them on my property.
1	If there was a below 0 rating that would be too good for them! This co. exploits the elderly. A tag team makes a routine Ac service call. One finds over 900.00 in repair work, the other is preparing a 5 year contract in his vehicle. My 83 year old mother was presented the estimate and contract together. There would be no charge if she would sign the five year contract for just 1000.00. She was never told that any repairs or parts for 5 years would be charged to her. She was led to believe after all there was no charge for today. Costs for capacitors 15.00 to 18.00,Desert Valley's cost 242.00 and 150.00. Acid bath of coils not recommended by S alt River Project or any other reputable Ac Service co. on a 7 year old unit yearly serviced charge 200.00 per coil. If these coils had been as remotely dirty as suggested average cost 120.00 for both coils. My phone conversation with the owner was unpleasant at best. Confrontation on pricing and validity of services needed being inflated to press the 5 year contract were answered by "I do what I gotta do to be competitive." I asked if it was explained to my mother the 1000.00 contract didn't protect her from further charges. Answer, " No one held a gun to her head to sign the contract. It's on the contact. I stated we didn't want the contract. His retort he'd give back 58.00 but keep 942.00 his charge for the work. After all we couldn't just walk away not paying. In all of this I never implied we wouldn't pay a fair price for questionable work done. 300.00 and out of the contract seemed fair. There was no negotiation possible. Her age and vulnerability meant nothing. The owner proudly touted I've done nothing illegal. I informed him I'd be filling complaints. What if this was your mother I asked? Bring it on "I've done nothing illegal."So how many others has he scammed? These folks on fixed incomes, as in my mother's case recently loosing a spouse. This business is a predator with no conscience. She has never received the 58.00.      Susan Arnold
1	I agree with latest review.  I got suckered into the $1000 5 year deal 3 years ago.  Every time they came to service my A/C we had major issues.  The final one was Friday when the service man said my disconnect box had melted.  $400 dollars later I find that my desktop computer will not reboot after they shut off power to house.  Talk to a Rick this morning and he said tough on my computer and that I am out the last 2 years on my contract $400 dollars.  Why can't AZ government shut these people down?
1	I received another telemarketing call from this business (623-930-0356). I reminded them again that my number is on the national do not call list. They told me it's my job to tell them to remove my number, it's not their job to check that list first. Do not do business with this company that can't listen to people or follow the law.
1	This place is a bunch of lying, cheating crooks, especially the management! If they swindle you into their maintenance plan, their employee turnover is extremely high and they send someone new each time to sell you everything under the sun. STAY AWAY!!!
