5	This is the nicest store I've ever seen in terms of displays, product and gaming area.  The owners are friendly, experienced players who are always willing to help. The prices for cards and playing are extremely competitive.   We are really lucky that such a great LGS moved into our area.  Jim G
5	The Valley has a ton of gaming stores that specialize in Magic, but I really think this one is the best of the best. It's a shame I'm not closer to them, or else this would probably be the store where I play most often. Gigantic play area loaded with very comfy chairs and full-length playmat covered tables (The fact that their playmats are still in like-new shape is a testament to how well they take care of their store appearance wise.) I didn't count, but it seems like they could easily and comfortably seat at least 50 people and probably closer to 100. As far as stock, the owner makes it clear online that they stock almost every Magic card available and he's not kidding. I've never seen quite a selection of staple cards in every format and the prices on the few cards I asked about were very fair. Definitely the type of place you want to be stocking up on store credit to grab just about anything you need. They've got a pretty solid collection of obscure games and gaming accessories, too. If you're into the tabletop or carboard lifestyle, this is a place you want to be familiar with.
5	I love this place for so many reasons. Firstly, the store itself. It is so roomy, well lit, and clean. There are plenty of tables and comfortable chairs - ones with cushion, instead of the metal folding chairs so often used in game stores. The ceilings are high and everything is spread out so well that it doesn't feel cramped. They have probably the biggest collection of Magic cards that I have seen in a local store. Great variety, and very good prices. The players are nice as well, always willing to help out those who are less experienced. It's a very friendly atmosphere.The owners are awesome. We brought in a board game and one of the guys sat down to learn it, then he ordered a copy to stock in the store. When we needed a shade of paint that they didn't have, the owners special ordered it for us. I'm so glad to finally have a gaming store on this side of town.
