3	I LOVE Mexican food, so even average food will probably garner 3-stars from me.  I would say this is pretty average.  Everything was good, nothing was disappointing (except maybe the tortillas), but nothing was crazy good either.I will say that while the prices are "affordable", I wouldn't call it cheap.  This type of food is not expensive to make nor difficult to prepare, so I think $4.20 for a single taco, for example, is too high.  Combinations run about 10 bucks, specialty dishes $12-$15.  Expect to pay about $8 at lunch.Overall, not a bad place to go.  I will most likely return if in the neighborhood.
4	Very Good Food in Generous Portions a bit expensive served by a gracious waitstaff--undermanned when we were there.
2	We used to be fans of this place, but we noticed that around 11/2008 they changed their prices and their menu, and we haven't been back since. They do have the best green corn tamale in PHX, but I used to get their nachos, and now they are less than half the serving and about the same price. I know the economy sucks, but they are a tad too expensive for what they serve now. Not a fan any more!
2	We sat in the lounge because the Colts were playing the Cardinals and found a table with a great view of the many TVs. That was probably the best thing about the evening. The corn chips were warm and fresh but unfortunately only came in a very small soup bowl. We did order more and they came but at the same time as our food. We had to order pico de gallo as the complimentary chips only came with salsa. The pico de gallo was ok but not fresh and not worth ordering. The salsa was interesting. Not my favorite, but at least tasted fresh. I had a miller sharps and I don't think I have ever had a colder "beer". Of course Miller Sharps is nonalcoholic but either way, very nice and cold. I ordered the carne asada. It was not real flavorful. It was tender and good but not great. It actually tasted like a decent steak but I wanted that special spice that makes it Mexican carne asada. It did not have it. My wife had the beef carne picado and you should too...if you like your dish to have two jalapenos to each piece of tasteless beef. I guess I can't say it was tasteless, it tasted boiled to me. My wife ate most of it but the two little pieces i had were enough for me. I could only muster up enough courage to have on chunk of jalapeno as well. I really enjoyed the re-fried beans that came with her meal. Unfortunately mine came with regular beans that were not that great. The service was very good. Pleasant, quick and friendly. I wont go back, I wish I had read some of the reviews first.
1	This place is serving third rate food. Fish tacos tasted old and definitely not fresh. Covered in foil I think they premake and reheat. The chicken fajitas were nothing but tenders without the chewy vein removed. What a turn off! What are the odds you find yourself eating grisly chicken. I mentioned it to the server and got the look. I should have sent back the meal and walked out. If you like cheesy microwave reheated food and hurried service this is the place for you. It sucks!
2	went there for a lunch on a lazy sunday and it is what it is.  the chips and dip were awesome.  there were 6 of us and the food took a long time.  the lunch room wasnt too busy either.  cost over 100 bucks (all of us had one beer) and they forgot my hot sauce.  but when they remembered that we were in the bar side of the place, it was good.  problem was they forgot alot. the food is nothing fantastic.  chili's type of food at best.  wasnt disappointed cause that was close to what i expected.  taco was massively oily, beans were burned... the usual.  would i go back?  probably not.  but i had to go once to be able to say it!
3	This is the best Manuel's I have been to here in the valley. It is nice and clean, has a friendly staff, a great location, and decent Mexican food overall. You won't find anything here too adventurous - nothing to burn your tongue or gross out your Mom. The food is well prepared and the rice and beans are perfect. Their Margaritas looked pretty good, though we behaved ourselves for once. *"Ajo Al's" down the street might be a better choice.
3	Had a quick lunch here as I often do after a Home Depot run or when I'm craving chips and salsa.  I have to agree with everyone else's review as far as the price goes; I know it's located in Scottsdale but $4+ for a single taco (and it's funny because that specifically caught my eye when I went yesterday) is stupid, I don't care how much garnish you put on the plate.  I do love when they have their "margarita sales" though!  I go here for a few reasons:  it's close.  The salsa is good.  The service is good.  I think the same servers have been there for years and although they never seem to acknowledge that I'm back again (hey, I'm a regular, give me some love please!) they still treat me well.  They're not stingy on the chips and salsa (can you tell this is a major prerequisite for me in judging a Mexican food place?) and the food is decent.  So, I give it an "A-OK" as the local Mexican place. Also never crazy busy so there's no wait, and the food is never too spicy so rookie out-of-towners can enjoy their meal too.If the management is reading this:  your food is pretty good and your waitstaff is very nice, but in general, you're nothing too out of the ordinary and you're scaring away clients with your Scottsdale prices. Take it down a notch and you'll get more neighborhood support. There's WAY too many Mexican places nearby to choose from so do something to make us want to come around more often.
3	This was the first Mexican restaurant in Scottsdale that I tried.  It was close to home, we had been shopping all day, and decided to try it for a late lunch. I was disappointed - not because the food was bad, but because it wasn't much different than most of the Mexican restaurants in Spokane.  I was hoping for something more adventurous, more authentic, and not the Americanized Mexican food that is prevalent in Washington.That said, the food was as advertised, and was good for what it was.  The lunch special price was pretty much standard for the area, and the servings were large.  I did look at the individual items on the menu, and noticed the prices seemed high.  But since this was the first restaurant that we went to in Scottsdale, I just figured it was the area. The service was good, and the waitress was very friendly.To show how unimpressed I was, this is only about a half a mile from my place, and I have yet to find a reason to go back.  Again, the food wasn't bad, but I would rather drive to restaurants with more authentic and adventuresome recipes.
2	Extremely avg to below.People - we have so many Mexican food options that you should not consider this one. Just to say something positive - if this were in BF Wisconsin they'd love it.
2	This was the third time I have been to Manuel's and the last. The service has always been terrible but this time the food was horrible, too. We sat outside and the waitress serving people outside apparently didn't want another table. So, after waiting about 10 minutes with no water or anything, we saw the manager point our table out to another waiter. He had tables inside, way on the other side of the restaurant so you can imagine how this turned out. As we were ordering he kept trying to walk away as we were talking. We got our order out, waited and waited and waited. The con queso dip came out and 2 minutes later the veggie fajitas came out. Man, I really hate that! Well, the veggies were rock hard, not sauteed at all. After waiting for our waiter another 10 minutes we sent them back. Just a few short minutes later we got them again....the same way. We asked for a manager. He eventually came by, no apology, no anything just, "Well, this is the way they are". OK. Well, cook them more. So, after about another 10 minutes they came out, cold and hard. Really?! How difficult is it to cook some vegetables?! I didn't eat them because they were terrible, We got our check and they didn't even bother to comp us anything or apologize or anything! Never, ever again. So not worth the money or the hassle.
3	Living in metro Phoenix I never expected to eat at any Mexican joint that was not a hole-in-the-wall.  Why?  Because those places always have the best food.However, I opted to try Manuel's Mexican Food before work recently.  I drive by frequently and always see the full lot and thought it couldn't hurt to give 'em a go.My go-to Mexican meal is enchiladas and I did not stray from my normal plan of attack.  The meal was supplemented with tasty chips and salsa as is standard in an Mexican sit-down worth eating.The enchiladas were not spectacular but good and worth the price (around $10.25 if I recall correctly).  My meal was served on a sizzling, gigantic plate with beans and rice.  All around very tasty.  I was very impressed with the service as well.  The waiter was very attentive.I must be honest that a place like Manuel's will never be my first plan of attack when it comes to Mexican food.  But should I have company that wants to actually sit down to a good meal in nicer surrounds not offered by the standard hole-in-the-wall, I will probably take them to Manuel's.
3	I've been here a few times. Enough to think I've got a grasp of what to expect.The food here is not quite the great mexican food we have in San Diego, but almost nothing really is in Phoenix. The meat is a little more dry, the rice just isn't right, everything is just a little lower in scale.Rating on Phoenix standards, the place is okay. The atmosphere is okay, the service is good, you don't wait forever for your food.I'll eat here every so often as other people I know seem to really like it.
5	I was leery of eating here because the yelp reviews from a couple of years ago seemed so mediocre. It seemed like most of the chains in the East Valley put out food that is not very memorable. The first time I ate here with friends...I settled for their margarita and chips. About a month ago, we met friends again and I actually ordered off their menu for dinner. I was shocked to enjoy the best chili relleno I've found in Arizona!!! My husband was raving about his chicken chimi. The other couple was totally enjoying their Tampiquena. Who knew??? We returned the other night, enjoying appetizers and fried ice cream. I never would have thought Manuel's would become my new go-to place for enjoyable Mexican food...wow!
4	First off, let's just get this straight: Manuel's has THE BEST salsa in town. Period. Having said that, the rest of their menu is pretty fantastic, too. We love the pollo especial, fajitas, rolled quesadilla, green tamales - pretty much you name it, we've eaten it there. Becky is our favorite - and super special - server and she always gives us excellent service. Stop in, say hola, and enjoy some fabulosa comida Mexicana.
2	Very bad service tonight!!! We are coming here, on and off for the last 9 years were living in this neighborhood and it use to be one of our favors!!! But.... tonight??? Terrible!!! I can't figure out how you Manuel's Management hire this waitress??? She doesn't belong here!!! Not at this location anyway!!! Even tough we called and made a reservation, she acted like she was doing us a favor... her services was lousy and her attitude terrible!!! No class! No customer service! No comments!!! Were most likely think twice before were coming back!!! Very sad :(:(:(
3	Manuel's makes it easy for me to go for long periods between visits with their forgetful servers, overpriced menu items, and bland tasting food. Here's my suggestion.On those special nights when you're craving Margaritas, they have a Monday Margarita special; two dollars off any margarita. The perfect way to start the week.I also recommend offering to babysit your niece or nephew, load him or her up on sweets before leaving the house, come here and use the little bastard to order off of the "Lil Bandido' menu. That little maneuver alone will save you a bundle off your bill.The servers here are rushed, likely to not notice your ganking the Lil Bandido meal for yourself, or how you gave his Ritalin prescription a healthy shove with the Margaritas. When they do stop by to check on you, They'll be too busy making a fuss over how cute he / she is. A little tequila, a little Ritalin, no lullaby for this little guy....not on Monday nights anyway.Note; It takes me two Lil Bandido's to get full. I don't recommend this. As lame as the servers are, they have a nose for Lil Bandido thieves.
4	The bar, while fun and lively, is littered with sixty-somethings shuffling around the dance floor to Jimmy Buffet tunes. The band is good. But those haunting images of old men on bar stools... in Hawaiian shirts...hunkered over... head propped-up by one arm resting on the bar,  well that's just sad.I hope I never get like that but I think it's inevitable. That's what men do when they get old. They become miserable. And by being miserable, they make guys like me miserable. Part of the great cosmic circle of life.I ate "The Three Amigos."  No, not a dick buffet....Jesus! What's the matter with you?Three Amigos is a menu item featuring three enchiladas; one chicken, one cheese and one red chili. Pretty tasty. Ten bucks, I think.I can't believe you.You really thought for a moment  I went down on three old Mexican dudes from the bar?Way fucking uncool! Kelli is an absolute charm. Best server I've ever had.Left her a big tip and a note reading;  "Thanks for such great service...The 3 Amigos were delicious, great suggestion."STOP IT!
2	The sign on the outside claimed that this is a "fine dining restaurant."  I suppose it may be fine dining, if you compare it to a restaurant in Tijuana.  So, take their sign with a big grain of salt.The chips & salsa are better than most.  The chips were fresh and hot and the salsa had a refreshing, cilantro-infused taste to it.  The rest of the food was mushy and bland.  The waitress raised her voice from 15 feet away to ask if our food was okay.  In all, I'd only come back for the chips & salsa.
3	This could be much more, it is still dingy and dirty. The patio is huge new and a wasted opportunity.  Too bad it is dark and tacky. I hope a manager is reading this. You need lighting outside, you need plants, there should be a higher standard of cleanliness. The chairs should be placed neatly after they are bused. I didn't see a a manager once. The salsa is bland. The other reviewers liked it, inthe past they had a side dish of extra spicy now we just have the extra mild option.  The food is good but could use an update, I agree with other reviewers. This restaurant falls short and is geriatric. I don't mind that this is an older crowd , but  how is this good business? They have a prime scottsdale location. It must come down to poor management, they are squandering an opportunity.  Get a better manager. Re train your staff. You are heading for obsolescence.  It doesn't have to be.  I find it difficult go there. I went cause my family loves the tamales. They are excellent.
2	Wow. Thanks to my father I was able to find this hidden treasure. I love good Mexican food and the meal started out strong with great chips and salsa and guac. Service was good and one of the few bright spots. Then it was downhill. Food came out so fast and the meats lacked flavor or the ability to chew without hurting your jaw. Normally we take leftovers but I didn't want to put myself through any more pain. Just like a std, bad food goes home with you too and boy did it ever. Listening to the symphony coming out of my dear little brothers butt was music to my ears. I felt like I gave birth as I sat down on the porcelain praying that this would end. I feel bad because it does have potential, just needs to combine its service to it food. Fresh is important even at low prices. I woke up this morning with a hangover but ended the day with excrutiating indigestion.
3	Stopped in for a little snack at about 3pm on Valentines Day...since my sister and I were each cooking dinner we knew this wouldn't ruin our "non-romantic" family meals. There was one other other couple in the enitre restaurant. My sister had obviously been there before since she grabbed menus and sat us in the bar right next to the roaring firplace. I was puzzled as it was a beautiful 60 something degree sunny afternoon. The waitress was very pleasant and chatty. She helped us decide what protein we wanted on our Mexican pizza appy. The chicken was a winner and it was great. The appy arrived super fast and HOT. My sister who isn't in the service industry touched the incredibly hot plate and burned her hand. In most other restaurants I have been warned that the plate is super hot. Being in the service industry that is a no brainer for me, however I can see why a consistent warning should be required for those that simply don't think about it. The chips and salsa were excellent. I enjoyed the hot sauce as well as the mild. The waitress brought us 2 mild and a hot to start. My sister asked for a second and  then a third (mild sauce). It never crossed the waitress' mind to ask if she wanted more chips with the mini  salsa buckets, (must have been weird to only me). We had iced teas for beverages which was definitely fresh brewed, sooo nice not to have cloudy.half.day.old tea. The environment was clean, the lone waitress was professional and did an average job with the exception of a chip refill/hot plate warning. Maybe it isn't their policy..not sure as this was my first visit. I will try it again and see how a dinner service runs.
1	One word.  Yuck!
3	Chain Mexican...the bane of my being. I've little use for these types of places, but they do serve at least one useful purpose, at least for me anyway.The food is good enough to pass off as your own, but not so good that your guests, the suspicious Mexican couple next door will sniff out your ill-gotten culinary skills.That's right. I said it...there.Similar to cheating at horse racing, poker, and the way too easy, waiting for my wife to leave the room while I fast-forward puzzle answers on Wheel of Fortune, I routinely have friends and neighbors over for Mexican food I pass off as my own creations.Here's the funny thing. Whenever anyone asks for the recipe, I hand over some bullshit recipe I found on the internet. The next time they come over, saying; "Cheryl made your red chili, but it tasted nothing like this," just shrug your shoulders as if to say, "Sorry Cheryl that you can't cook for shit, it takes years of know-how."Anyway, Manuel's has quite a few dishes that when reheated, taste even better than fresh.Thanks Manuel's for making me an award-winning Mexican chef.
3	This is not our favorite Mexican restaurant but we have been customers for 12 or 13 years. If we want Mexican food we can get to this store in about 5 minutes. There is a decent selection of margaritas and beers but wine selection isn't great. My wife liked her large margarita. The wine I had was not too good but no worse than at the Mexican restaurant 5 minutes from our Oregon home. My fajitas were good and plentiful. I couldn't finish everything. My wife couldn't finish her pollo especial and liked it.  Unfortunately service was not too good. We waited almost ten minutes for water though we had chips and salsa immediately. There was a busboy but other than delivering chips and salsa I don't know what he does: water delivery and refill and removing dishes are apparently not in the job description. Our waitress was nice and efficient but was challenged by the number of tables. Fortunately she could multitask that is taking multiple orders or delivering drinks to several tables or handling our check between other tasks. However service is important and there were problems which dropped my review stars. We will be back. It is so convenient we return eventually.
4	We've eaten here once or twice before and this time didn't disappoint. Despite being noon on Sunday, there wasn't a huge football crowd and we were seated right away. The salsa here is delicious and fresh. I ordered the fish tacos which were excellent - fresh and light. One thing I appreciate about Manuel's: when you ask for a side of something, you get plenty. My husband ordered a side of sour dream and got almost a cup's worth and I got three nicely-sized slices of lime with my tacos. They don't scrimp!
5	Was in Scottsdale Healthcare and wanted take out lunch. Ordered 2 tacos, one shredded beef, one chicken. The tacos were fantastic. They are the crispy kind but authentic not the cheap crispy kind. If you have ever been to El Toreador in Redmond Washington it was very similar. I would definitely repeat business here.
3	We went there this past Saturday evening. The place was very busy, but we were seated on the patio pretty fast. Music was nice. The service was non-existent and we were noticeably ignored by several waiters on the patio formore than 40 minutes- we were getting ready to leave when a server finally asked us if we were ever served.  Then the manager apologized and a waitress appeared.  Food was very good.
5	Awesome place to fill up! We always come here when we are really hungry for fast service, polite staff and good food. This has been our favorite Mexican food restaurant for 14 years.
1	very poor service from the moment we walked in and were told not to sit at the mostly empty patio. we couldn't get a straight answer about how long for the patio...so we waited about 10 min. when it became clear he just didn't want to seat us on the patio, we just sat inside. I would say every other table or more was empty, so I suspect the waiting was due to a shortage of staff. our waiter was either very awkward or arrogant. he kind of mocked my mother in law's order. very odd. even with many empty tables, the food took about 20-plus min to come up (we ordered really basic ala carte kind of stuff..tostada, cheese crisp, rice, etc. our food arrived with typical "careful, the plates are hot," which was anything but the truth. my cheese enchilada was tepid at best...to the point the cheese had turned into a congealed lump. at one point I accidentally knocked over a glass of iced tea...I mean ice cubes flying off the table. I would say at least three staff members just mosied on by like they didn't notice. when we finally asked someone to wipe off the table, they said yes and disappeared, never came back. Let's put it this way...I left a 15% tip for the first time in more than a decade....and that felt generous.
1	Server was very nice however food was horrible. Chicken had fat on each piece and bean burrito was tasteless. I am not sure how they can still be in business.
4	The Chicken Fajitas are wonderful!  BUT--Here's a tip to ensure they're fabulous: Order them "well done!" Don't worry--you won't get charcoal-y bits of tough chicken.  Rather, ordering "well done" makes everything the way you'd normally expect it---nice and caramelized--the onions, peppers, etc. and the chicken takes on a whole new dimension.  It's honestly the way they should be done.  Otherwise, the fajitas come out looking and tasting more like steamed chicken and veggies.The tortillas are great with them (I get flour) and the beans and sides are good, too.  We've been coming here for years----it's close, the servers know us very well and practically have our beer waiting for us by the time we sit down at the table!  The patio is nice, too (when weather is not too hot)!Their chips and salsa are also rather additive!This has always been a good standby for us!!
5	excellent food and especially the atmosphere. I went there several years ago (Scottsdale location) and did not care for the food  or service at that time. It has changed quite a bit an was very pleased. The waitress was attentive and my friend and I both had very good Mexican food.
5	Where do old rock stars go to just play great music?  Manuels near 90th and Mountain View, that's where.  The three owners used to play for 3 Dog Night, the Stones and a few other renown bands and now they own Manuels.  Evenings in the Cantina can be a great time to kick back and listen to old cover songs or get up and dance.  We also like the Senior Menu - it's just enough food for us and not expensive at all.  You will enjoy this!
3	For the most part I enjoy the food at Manuel's except for one issue. The lettuce looks fresh but has a chemical taste and smell to it. I don't know if that is a preservative but it is not appealing. Also, If you sit in the dining room the music from the bar overwhelms you. It is too loud.
4	This is a great, down-home Mexican restaraunt.  Food is excellent and the environment is really nice.  Its not some pretend high end place - its great food, nice surroundings and its never too busy.  Parking is easy and if you are looking for a great place that isn't trying to be all that, this is your place!
1	We have eaten at Manuel's many times in the past and have enjoyed the food.  Last Sunday we went for lunch ~2:30pm and found the "greeter" standing at the bar talking with other patrons.  He came over and greeted, and sat us, then returned to his conversation at the bar.  That was the last employee we saw during our 15 minute wait - all within view of the greeter.  We finally left without ever being served - very disappointed and not sure if we will ever return .
5	This place simply gets a 5 star in my book for their compassion and outstanding customer service! I was in there on my lunch having issues with my bank card and trying to hash out the situation with my bank over the phone. With my bank being uncooperative and me having to leave to go to the bank to actually pull out money to pay for my lunch, I was extremely frustrated. As I was walking out the staff stopped me and offered me my lunch for free simply because I was having so much trouble with my bank and they felt bad for me. That right there made my day and made me a fan of Manuel's. It's not many places that would take a loss on their end just to make things easier for the customer. And for that reason I will be coming back to this restaurant because of the over the top customer service! I would especially like to thank Jen, Kelly and Colin for being so amazing. I owe you guys!PS the food was good too!! Especially the hot salsa.
