2	It's a Barnes & Noble, and the bookstore is worth a four.  It's location is worth a four.  It's parking is worthless.  Hence the two.  If I can't get into a store, it doesn't matter how good the store is.
5	One of my favorite booksellers.  Almost always has the book or magazine I'm looking for.  Also has a Starbucks and good music section inside.  You can go in there and read a book for a while in their comfy chairs.  The parking there is absolutely terrible though, you have to drive around and wait for someone to pull out, or go to the parking garage on the other side of Kierland.  Their cd prices are usually overpriced, if you have a membership, then you can get very good sales.
5	2/23/11: I was looking for two old movies on DVD. The salesperson was able to order one, but not the other. He explained to me how I could find it since it's no longer available in stores. I appreciate that kind of customer service. :)
3	I come here probably once or twice a week with my laptop to get some work and research done. It's in a perfect location, and has a great staff.Unfortunately the downside are the restrooms here. The mens restroom is very dirty, and very rarely gets cleaned. More than once, the paper town dispenser was empty. In addition, the Internet can be a little flaky...sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.
5	This location has to be my favorite Barnes & Noble. I have 3 bookstores that are closer to my house than this one, 2 of which are actually other Barnes & Noble. I don't care if it's a longer drive for me, because this is MY bookstore. This place relaxes me the moment I walk through the door. The faint scent of coffee, the music piping in through the speakers and the rustle of pages turning put me into a completely Zen mood no matter how I was feeling before I entered the store.Another reason why this is my favorite location is because of their huge windows that look over Kierland Commons. During the summer there are dancing fountains in the center and little kids run through them and during the winter I get the closest to a white Christmas feeling that one can get in a place where it doesn't snow. Many winter days I would grab a seat on the second floor overlooking the huge Christmas tree in Kierland Commons, with a caramel apple cider from the Starbucks inside the store. The jolly Christmas music coming through the speakers is the cherry on top of the Sunday. I really want to come in with a big fluffy blanket and a warm pair of socks but I think that might earn me some strange looks. Maybe one day....
3	Now that Border's has closed they are really the only game in town.  I buy most of my books online at Amazon but come here to browse and then buy my travel guides.
5	I always leave with something from this location.  The keep it clean and organized too
3	Ok- the store is a 4 star, possibly 5.The parking 0. It's beyond ridiculous. If you want your car to be dented or worse, this is the location for you.The bathrooms 0, sometimes a 1.The bookstore and it's people are a 4 or a 5.  Always nice and willing to help any way they can.  This location is out of my way a bit ( I have one less than a mile from my house) but go to this location about 5 miles away because the other location is that deplorable. All things considered, this location is worth it in comparison to most other locations I have been to.
1	I am so appalled by this B and N!!  I went in here to buy some gifts and had them gift wrapped with gift receipts.  The man who rung me up didn't do the gift receipts correct so the manager had to be called over.  The manager, think his name was Jeff, was the rudest man I have encountered in so long.  He was so nasty to me and I was nothing but nice and patient.  He was mean to me for their mistakes.  I will not shop at this store anymore.  I told "Jeff" that I didn't like how he was treating me and he still was rude.  Shame on B and N to treat me that way.
3	This is your typical Barnes & Noble's large footprint store.  I am unsure if this is their largest store, the one in Chandler Fashion seems larger.Barnes & Nobles suffers from the same affliction as Best Buy.  If Best Buy is Amazon's showroom, then so is B & N.  The book industry has changes quite a bit over the years, due primarily to the internet.  Gone are the Borders of the world, a friendlier and easier to maneuver store.  But if you are looking for volume and sheer size, this might be the best place.We have been coming to this B & N for the last five years.  All the employees are very helpful, and Four Stars in my opinion.  It's convenient for from my office and it seems as if we're in here at least twice a month on weekends.  I know at this point,  I am tired of the Nook sales pitch as you come through the door.  At some point, I'm sure Microsoft will just buy the other 50% they do not own and that will end it. Hopefully.So in summary, this Barnes & Nobles is Thee Stars, A-OK.
4	This location is open the latest in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area. I believe Friday/Saturday they are open until 11, while most of the other stores are open until 10pm.The lovely area upstairs near the windows is a nice spot to read or discreetly nurse your baby (just sayin).Changing tables in both men & women's rest rooms are a plus too.
4	I like this B&N mainly because of the great children section upstairs. I like going there with my son and spend a couple of hours browsing and reading. They have a nice table there with chairs kid size where you can read with your child. And the employees don't seem to mind when you are reading out loud. Some days there are kids getting tutored there. They also have a decent collection of kid toys. Overall, it's a good store at a good location. I read a couple of reviews about the lack of parking. If you swing around to their "back" side from where there is also an entrance, there are more parking spaces that are open there.
2	I came into this bookstore to pick up a book that they told me they had on the phone, but when I got here they did not have the book. They informed me that meant they had it online, even though I was asking if they had it in the store. No big deal, So I went to the cafe and got a drink to work on some homework. The girls behind the counter were audibly complaining about me ordering a drink and were making fun of me for asking if they accepted starbucks cards (since they serve starbucks drinks). Oh well, two stars because I have a soft spot for book stores and they have a great selection. Zero for the customer service.
5	I'm a pretty big barns and noble fan over all and in general.  I like this place for a couple of reasons.  First they are open late at this location, even on Sundays.  Once I was walking around with some friends around 10pm and we were trying to think of what to do and noticed Barnes & Noble was still open which I thought was AMAZING!!!I've purchased dozens of books from here and I've never had an issue with a book I couldn't find.The staff is usually hard to seek out but only because they always seem to be helping people find books.  For the most part there set up is pretty easy but every once in a while there is that book I want but can't seem to find anywhere and even the workers wonder what happened to it.Every once in awhile they have sales which is great because the books can get expensive.  And I love that they have a Starbucks built inside so you can buy your book, buy a latte, and sit down and read in peace.It's also pretty quiet which is another plus for me.
1	I can't find a single power outlet anywhere! None in the cafe! I came here to do work but need a power source to charge my laptop and there are none! This is horribly disappointing
4	This is a very nice, respectable B&N. I like it because it is 2 levels. It is clean, spacious, and the staff are readily available. So, go get a cup a Joe, pick a capivating book, and stay for a while. ;-)
5	I love this store location. It is so big and love how it is two stories. The employees are very nice and super helpful! I also love how they have a Starbucks inside. This store overall is huge and takes a while just to see everything inside! I definitely prefer coming to this location than other ones around me!
4	Nice, clean, spacious and quiet! :)
4	I didn't even know that real bookstores still existed! I was in Phoenix for work and had some time to kill so I walked in! I got a coffee, actually flipped through some magazines and even picked up a real live book. I haven't touched a new book in years as I generally only read e-books now. Had fun. Store is well kept and has a good selection of magazines and of course books. DVDs and music selection wasn't too bad either.Makes me kinda wish there were big bookstores near my house in Chicago. I miss some of the brick and mortar stores of years gone by...
4	Cute store, conveniently located in the Kierland shopping center. I like that it has 2 floors and a wide variety of books and other items. The clearance items are affordable, and it is one of the stores that is open to all in this area.
1	IMPORTANT NOTICE: This store is closing down December 31, 2014. The ONLY reason for the 1-Star Rating is to draw attention so people know they are closing down. Praying for the employees to quickly find the job they need.
1	50% only on white dot items. If not marked, full price??? With the store closing at the end of the year, why not have everything on sale.
