1	After much research and touring many daycares in our area, we felt the most comfortable at Kids Inc. We enjoyed their facility, the classrooms were beautiful and the teachers were wonderful! The director was flexible with us and our schedule. All seemed ok. My first issue was when I dropped off my daughters paperwork. The director wasnt in and the woman who took my paperwork was rude and very short with me. Not the warm and fuzzy feeling you would expect from people who take care of your children all day.. After this happened I sent an email off to the director explaining my concerns and she called me the next morning! She apologized for "how her staff acted" and assured me all would be ok! I felt much better.I had a few minor issues after that.. my daughters report cards were copied, everytime! Never did I get a personalized report card, with pen on it... it was ALWAYS a copied paper with her name the only thing written on it. She came home with someone elses diaper on a few times (you have to write their name on everything), and they lost a favorite blankie.. again, with her name on it.And finally, last week when I went to drop my girl off, I noticed a new director at the front desk, frantically calling in people for interviews. Ok. I go to her classroom. Three teachers were in there whom I've never met before. Mass chaos. Screaming babies. Kids falling over each other and nobody paying any attention. I stayed in the class with my hysterical daughter.. in the short time I was in the class I heard, "who is this again." "What's this ones name." several times.. all referring to children in the class, the teachers could not get them straight! And finally, right in front of me, one teacher walked over to the other teacher in the class and said "I'm sorry, I dont even know your name." Really? You don't even know your co-workers name? For goodness sakes get it together people! Needless to say I took my daughter and left.I called the director right after we left, CLEARLY upset, and explained what had just happened and that I didnt feel comfortable taking my child there, and that we would not be back. She was kind, took my information down and said she would go see what was going on in that class and "call me right back". I waited a few days and heard nothing from anyone. Not professional! I called because they continued to charge my card on file. I understand their policy.. they charge for 2weeks after you "give notice". But really? After my awful situation and then the director not even having the decency to call me back to try and remedy the situation? Unacceptable. I assume they just forgot about me. I spoke with the director about the charge and she transferred me to her "supervisor" Ashley. She said she would refund the charge but was not pleasant what-so-ever. Her excuse was that things happen with adjustment of new staff. She did not have any other answer for my issues I had that day nor did she apologize at all. Nothing even close to that. Come to find out she is the manager that oversees all Kids Inc... Lovely. As a manager myself, I completely understand changes happen. People leave or are let go. But part of customer service is that your clients do not feel the impact of your companies actions... and if they do feel it, be sensitive and sympathetic. Especially when you are dealing with peoples babies!This place has a ton of children, obviously they are doing well. Maybe Ashley or Miss JoJo/Joanne didn't feel they needed to make me feel comfortable, or fix the situation because I only brought my daughter once a week? Who knows. But I will not be back. Or be recommending this place, or company to anyone, ever. I sincerely hope others can share more positive experiences here.
1	Awful company to work for and worst childcare facility to bring your child too. The company owners are not capable of running a learning center. Take it from an employee, disappointed. Id like to apologize to all the parents who have enrolled and pulled their children out with confusion.
1	I honestly wish I could give this place zero stars.Absolute worst company to work for and bring children to. There is NO organization in this place whatsoever, employees are completely taken advantage of and thrown around throughout the day, instead of remaining in one classroom, like I was told in my interview. It's not just confusing for the employees but for the children as well. Most of these kids have 5 or more different "teachers" in their room throughout the day. Many of these teachers seem to play favorites with the children of other employees or the ones they have known for a longer period of time.. The other children are pushed aside. I witnessed a teacher completely ignore the screams and cries of a little girl who was overwhelmed on her first day, instead of trying to comfort her, the teacher held and played with one of the other employees children, who was happy and obviously really comfortable being in day care. They let little children play on the big equipment outside, I saw two children in the same class fall off the equipment because they are too small to be using it. Last but certainly not least.. the girls who work the front desk here. I never had any problems with Stephanie, but the other one (don't even know her name because she didn't care to introduce herself) was SO beyond disrespectful to me, and likes to walk around all day like she's a hundred times better than everyone else. After being confused on my second day of work because of how disorganized the place is, she had the nerve to say to me "have you ever even worked in childcare before?" Um yes.. isn't that why I was hired? I don't understand this place or what they're trying to do but from an ex-employees point of view it really seemed like all they care about is making the most money for themselves and have very little concern or value for their employees at all. HORRIBLE PLACE TO WORK!
5	I'm so pleased with the management team! The facility is clean and Julie the Director is great and seems trustworthy!
5	My two daughters absolutely love Kids Inc!  The classrooms are beautiful with a wide variety of age appropriate activities in each room.  They love the teachers and friendships they have made there.  The staff (Julie, Karla & Ashley) are extremely warm and friendly and always make time to answer any questions that I have.  I would recommend Kids Inc to anyone with child care needs
