3	Pile'em up Bob's is another spot that's been around forever.  They've changed over years as far as management as the original owner was known to 'pile' your plate up with food to the point that it would barely close if it closed at all.  They're known for the burgers and fish, but they also sell breakfast food, subs, hot dogs, gizzards and the usual artery clogging foods.  I was sad to see that the new owners use what seem to be frozen burgers now but the original owner made the real deal homemade burgers from ground meat.  The food is still good and the portions though not as huge as before, is still quite a bit of food.  It is completely take out only and they do take debit cards($5.00 minimum).  As an fyi, if you're fearful of going to the hood this may not be the spot for you.
3	You can't eat it here! So I've finally made it into Bob's Carry Out (after about 7 name changes this is the name). As a kid I always passed by here and I've always heard it was good. Yes, indeed it was good. I think I ate one of the biggest burgers I've ever in North Carolina today. Like any other In & Out burger joint there were frozen patties used but it was doctored up just right. The choices as to what to put on your burger is endless. The burger was just so big. When I started eating it, it became messy not in a greasy type of way but just with all the toppings falling off. I was in a fat mans heaven. The edges were a little burnt and the burger may have been a little dry (Just a little) I guess that's the reason for all the toppings. From hearing others talk about this place I guess they have some of the best fish and gizzards in Charlotte, I wouldn't know because I'm on a burger binge this week. I would recommend people try this place I mean really they have been around for at least 7 years minimum (hints the name change 7 times, at least that's what it feels like.) I got a bacon double cheeseburger with ketchup, mustard, mayo, coleslaw, chili and a ton of fries for $7.00, it was money well spent. The atmosphere: Yes the neighborhood is sort of "In the hood" but I'm not stranger to a rough area I mean pretty much you've been to one you been to them all. There's no legit paved parking lot just gravel and the building is there for one reason to house those big ass burgers. You really are there just to pick food up and leave there is no dinning area.
2	If you want a lot of food, this is the place for you.  If you want a lot of good food, not so much.  The burgers are huge, but overcooked, dry and tasteless ; this is the one time bacon didn't help.  The fries cold with no added salt.  The service is fast and friendly.I suppose there is a customer for this type of place; sadly it's not me.
