4	Always a good time - if there aren't a lot of people the place could be sort of boring but always a good drink special nontheless.
4	While this bar is a consistent weekend visit for me & my friends, it still holds its own & I have fun every time I go there. We usually hit this bar near the end of the night & it provides good times without the huge $'s.1st of all, there is never a cover, unless they have some sort of concert going on outside, so that is a huge plus. It's actually one of the only bars I've been to in Charlotte without a cover charge. 2nd, there are always beer specials, usually a beer of the month for $2, so you can go there without racking up a huge tab. And 3rd, the music & dance scene is pretty on point. You wouldn't think a "country" themed bar would have good music/dancing, but Dixie's gets it done. Plus, you can always head out onto the patio to get away from the "dance" floor.But I think my favorite thing about Dixie's is the people. The bartenders are always pretty quick, always friendly, & the other people in the bar don't seem to be too worried about much besides having a good time.It's a safe bet to say, on a weekend night, head to Dixie's Tavern & you'll have a good time without breaking bank.
4	****Note - This is a general review as I have been here numerous times and this review is not related to just one visit.****Dixie's Tavern is Steelers central on Sunday's during football season and that is why I enjoy this place, as any other day I think I have gotten too old to go here.Atmosphere - Great old (I would say at least 80 yrs old) stand alone brick building.  I think it used to have something to do with the train line back in the day.  The layout is great with a huge center bar and lots of booths and tables (Sundays are usually standing room only on game day, so fans come early...like by noon).Service - Usually pretty good.  Occasionally I will get a waitress I do not like, but most are great, even when crowded and w/rowdy fans.Food - There is a Cajun theme to their menu that has surprisingly pretty good quality.  Not like impress your date good, but a fun place to take someone you already know fairly well.  I usually get their grilled chicken sandwich that comes on a quality roll w/first-rate fries.  Their dirty rice is pretty good too.  Beer prices are reasonable, especially w/specials like $2 bottles.  Dixie's really caters to the Steelers crowd on Sundays, even getting IC Light on occasion.  Down side, they occasionally run out of some hard liquor...how does that happen??Overall - On a normal weekend night, there are lots of people, no cover and fun familiar music.  It is like a big college party.  For me, how can I not like a place that plays the 70's Steelers Polka at the end of the game?    Here we go Steelers, here we go!!!
3	This bar is big, and it can be a lot of fun on the right nights. They've got great specials, live shows, and a wonderful spot outside for the crowd to overflow.I don't like the crowds on the weekends, though, especially in summer. It's crazy packed, and you get other people's sweat all over you if the crowd is dancing. Does that freak anyone else out but me? I hate it.It's otherwise a fun venue, though, and the proximity to other uptown hot spots makes it an inevitable landing strip for at least a few minutes on nights out in the area.
2	We went to Dixie's Tavern before the Bobcats Arena opened (i.e., when you could find free parking in Uptown).  We parked in Seventh Street Station (for free back then) and walked across the street to Dixie's.   Places like Roadhouse Grill, Logan's Roadhouse, and Texas Roadhouse are designed to look a bit rundown and...like a roadhouse.  Dixie's was unpurposefully like that.  It was smoky, a bit dirty, and a bit haggard in its appearance.  We had a large group and Dixie's was able to accommodate us together.  The service we received was slllllllllooooooooow.  It was a good thing we didn't have anywhere to be, but I was losing my buzz in between beers.  The food was average; your basic bar food, some with a Cajun flair.  From the grungy feel of the restaurant, I wouldn't want to experiment too much with food here, especially where seafood is concerned.  If you're in college, like to party, and in your early to mid-twenties, Dixie's may seem like a cool hangout place.  If you're anything else, there are better options in Uptown.
3	3 stars for the service and $2 beer special. The food was OK but unremarkable; even the red beans & rice was bland. The portions were also interesting with a lot in the Cajun popcorn appetizer but the half rack of ribs was incredibly small. It worked out well for me but if someone just has the half rack and is reasonably hungry they could easily walk away very disappointed.
1	Just attempted to go there on a visit while driving through town after callin number to make sure theyre open.  Message stated they were open 11am-2am.  Parked in some sheisty lot next door for $4 to have lunch at 2pm - place had all their neon lihjts and TVs on and certainly looked like opened so I sacrificed the $4 excited about the promise of a cajun menu... Doors are closed...!?! Thanks dixies!  Had to walk 4 blocks to nearest place in freezin rain to find another spot to eat (rockbottom nearby - highly recommend) in a town where I had no probs findin a spot on a street with cheap hourly meters.. Thanks again Dixie:(
3	It's been a long time since I've been here, but I've been there for both drinks and the food.   Overall, it's a great place, although it's very loud usually on the weekends although it usually overflows out.   The food areas are actually usually surrounding the bar, and against the wall, so you can see everything that's going on.The bar is a big place in the middle with stools, and a huge bell where they ring if they're tipped.  At least back then it was like that.  Pretty cool venue to start out from if you're going on a night on the town with some friends.
3	Dixie's is always a mixed bag - never really know what's going to happen.  I guess I say that because I've been to Dixie's when it's a bit a slow and I've also been when it's extremely packed and busy.Overall I'd say it's a decent place to get drinks... also to meet people because it is a stand alone building that you can easily find without too much trouble.  I've had food here before and it's y our typical bar food - but good.  The wait staff have always been nice and the bartenders do what they can with the crowds.
1	It reminded me of the dirty restroom at the gas station on HWY 40 driving through Texas. Dirty and nasty.
4	Their monster margaritas are delicious! The service is decent. Gets a little too crowded at times.
3	I'm not huge into the bar scene, but I am from Pittsburgh, so I can appreciate Dixie's Tavern a bit more.On my ventures there I have had good bartenders and bad bartenders, so I won't go into too much detail about that.My only thing is the bathrooms are always gross and out of toilet paper/paper towels (I have learned my lesson to always carry something in the purse) and what's with the guy having his private dance party in the men's room!?!?!?!?!It's a fun place to people watch, all the drunks and people dancing.  People get very upset about beer pong and the corn hole place, but it's a fun place to mingle with other 20 somethings.
3	I am not a huge fan of Dixie's but on occasion with a group of friends, its an ok place to hang for a few beverages. However, I have a lot of friends who are diehard Steeler's fans, and this is their fav place to gather and watch the games.
3	Our friends took us to this place out during a weekend visit to Charlotte.  Dixie's has a country-western bar feel to it but on the night we went they were playing Rhianna and other top 40 music.   The place was pretty packed and there were a lot of girls dancing, but perhaps the liquid courage hadn't hit the guys yet.  Watching the no-game Charlotte guys trying to pick up chicks was one of the best parts of the night.  According to my buddy who is a regular here and sometimes DJ this is his home base when going out for the night.   There are a lot of regulars that go here, you can see their party pics being rotated on the flat screens.Heading to the bathroom it seems as if you are stepping into another club.  The attendant has a MASSIVE boom box back there and he is jamming to hip-hop and R&B.  Pretty funny actually.Overall, pretty decent crowd and good drinks although music selection is pretty suspect.  Definitely worth a stop if partying in Charlotte.
1	This is the place for wanna be steelers fans. The bathrooms are terrible, and the place smells like a dirty ashtray.  the waitresses were very rude and didnt care about your orders. I was hoping for a better experience but oh we'll.... That's why I have found a much better place to watch all the games.
3	Dixies is truly a fun place. BUT def a different mix on weeknights versus weekdays.. AND both have been busy. Monday ... decent crowd.. fun feel...mixed music and karaoke.. GREAT bartenders... Saturday night... Douche bag guys shotgunning cheap beer and Jager.. I mean.... really? No worries.. but don't do it over our table... and IF you do and WE ask U Mr. Security MAN... to remove the guy from the area of which he dances upon.. SPILLS his Jager all over my date... and TRIES everything to start a fight... GET him out of here... JUST move him... BAD BAD... Its' a huge place.. just move the guy and his friends.. So shady on the bouncers... SO good are the bartenders... Just def a different vibe , yet really fun on a week night... Say a Thursday, even. My bf brought here a few times on my layovers during the week, and it's a more a country feel and less douchey and less 'club feel' ... Better service and a cool patio you can get to... FYI get there at a decent hour to secure a table... :-)
2	Not sure about this place. I have eaten here before and it was decent. However, tried to have lunch with the family on Sat, 3/10/12 and the place was closed at 11:30 am. Lot's of people trying to get in to eat and nobody from Dixies around. Not sure what the problem was but we were very disappointed.Went accross the street to the Queen City BBQ and had a very nice lunch.
4	Charlotte's nightlife scene seems to be hot and cold at times, but this is consistently one of Uptown's best "go-to' bars in my humble opinion. Good music (Top 40, 80s/90s) a good weekend crowd, and there is never a cover. Drinks are fairly priced, and you can usually find a beer for $2-2.50. I love to play cornhole and when the weather is warm they offer games on the patio. The food was decent the times I have tried it -- your basic bar food.And by the way, if you're a fan of old school hip hop, the attendant in the Men's room blasts the best mix. I feel so weird for saying that..... but its true!I may stray every now and again, but in the end I keep finding myself back at Dixie's!
4	Dixie's feels like a bar that's named after the South. Just the vibe, and I don't mean it in a bad way. It's a pretty fun spot. The outside patio-ish area is probably the real positive to the joint and the beers cheap too.
5	Well the outdoor patio is nice. I've sat here a lot over the last few days. I'm currently doing guard duty for a movie production that rented Dixie's lot. The sun was pounding down at 11:30am. I decided to take my lunch early. The cowboy burger was recommended by Rachel. It sounded like an avalanche of meat followed by a heart attack. The reality was that it was just perfect for lunch. I had a sweet tea to drink.         Rick, one of the bartenders, let me sit under an umbrella and refilled my sweet tea. I could also use the bathroom. Today I'm having a chicken fajitas and a sweet tea. Overall the food is good & the staff is helpful & friendly. I'll have to come back one night & sample some of their alcoholic delights.
3	First time here was via the Halloween bar crawl and Grave Diggers Ball.  I can attest that I'm glad to see I haven't really been missing anything.  The inside is pretty small from what I could tell but there was a fairly thick crowd there the evening we were there.  The drinks were WAY overpriced ($5 for a miller lite) but that may have been because of the event going on.  I did have one liquor drink and I will say, it was a good pour.  The patio is nice, even though it's pretty small.
2	Just not my kind of place. There really wasn't anything in particular that stood out that was horrible. It lends itself to a younger crowd.  It never seems that clean. It has decent drink specials. During large events it will become incredibly packed.
3	This rating and review is purely from a bar/nightlife perspective.This is a great place to go out to for the night on Friday and Saturday.  The crowd is young, the bar space is huge (2 bars), and the music is not bad.Cabs are a plenty late at night, too, so you wont have much of an issue trekking home.
2	Beware! I checked my 2 receipts from one night I was there at the end of February 2013 and found I was overcharged on my credit card statement on BOTH receipts. I called Dixie's 3x over a 10 day period, left voicemail messages because no one ever picks up the phone, and then decided to stop by to have the issue addressed. I asked politely at the bar for a manager to the same bartender who tipped himself 100%+ tip and was told he was a manager. I explained the issue and asked for a refund. I was told that he could not fix the issue then and to come back at another time in a manner that was anything but acceptable hospitality and customer service. I then asked for the card or contact information of the General Manager to which I was told that I couldn't have. What?! I immediately left, called my credit card company, and had them chargeback the establishment. I tipped 25% and you think you deserve over 100% and you illegally charge my credit card and then won't resolve the issue. Ridiculous!
3	I was in Charlotte for several days for my uncle's funeral 2 months ago and I really needed a night out......away...from everyone...asapI called one of my oldest friends that recently moved down to the area and we hit the "savage" streets of Charlotte.  Now when NY boys are out of state, we gotta represent to the fullest.  The nightlife in Charlotte was interesting to say the least but it had a ton of potential.  The city's bars and clubs almost emulate Manhattan and it's a 50/50 type of feeling one gets.  You think it's cool that it's ALMOST like NYC but then you're thinking "Be Original".  Anyway, after checking out a few of the bars and clubs, we hit Dixie's Tavern. Of course, the thought of two "brothas" walking into a spot with that name may make you shudder with fear and anxiety.  The place was very laid back and popping with a really nice sized crowd.  I purposely wore my College of Saint Rose t-shirt to lure out the New Yorkers in the crowd and there were plenty.  Albany, NYC, Long Island...we probably met close to 15 of them.The music was mixed and that was OK with us.  It bounced between old school hip hop, top 40, country and classic rock.  It's almost like VH1, BET and CMT got blended into an interesting recipe and the dish was plated as Dixie's Tavern.  It was the typical NY vibe were we argued with NC people about the Yankees, the Giants, Biggie, Jay-Z, pizza, etc...all good and fun drunken joking with the locals.  It was almost like an old school New Paltz type of night.  We saw a couple of fights, some vomiting, slow bar-tending...typical NY college town stuff.  We also discovered that we were there the LAST NIGHT they were open.  I guess they've closed and I have no idea what's there now.   That really is unfortunate because we did have a serious amount of fun at a pretty low-key place.  I guess we are getting old.  Thanks for the fun Dixie's, you will be missed.
