2	"What the Frac?" is the slogan of this place. It took my sister two passes and a glances over the board to understand what they were selling. A fraco is virtually a taco made with a mu shu pancake or crepe. It is boasted as a healthier version of a taco since they are less in calories than a tortilla. They sell savory fare as well as dessert options. A look at their advertisement had me excited because the picture looked like a chocotaco. Once we stepped inside, a really friendly staff member explained the whole concept to us. For $3.75 you get a choice of two crepe tacos or one waffle. My sister and I were almost full after enjoying dinner and opted for the lighter crepe style. We were not so excited after seeing that the thin pancakes were premade and sat in the fridge. We had ordered ours with nutella and berries. They are very generous with the chocolate spread and squeezed an exorbitant into each. We ended up removing half from each. The employees were really nice and allowed us to create our own. We picked blueberries and raspberries. Overall, it was too heavy due to the nutella and whipped cream. If they used less of that and had ice cream instead it would have made all the difference. I cringe in giving a new business such a poor rating, but I hope that they can address this issue and give Town Square another casual dessert option.
4	Super healthy and the most important part, super yummy. My 2 year old and I ate here after attending story time @Town Square. The food was delicious. I enjoyed the roasted mediterranean vegi fraco and my son had the grilled cheese fraco. The adult  fraco comes with amazing kale chips, which was a very small portion, but just enough to enjoy and also a side salad that was huge.  My son loved his yummy grilled cheese fraco and ate all of it. Just a heads up, the wait can be a while. There was a very pleasant lady helping take orders at the counter and making the yummy Froccs, which are similar to an Italian cream soda. The chef making our food, was very friendly, and repeatedly asked if we enjoyed our food. Which we did!! I will be back for future visits, just wish the wait time for their delicious food get better.
5	Definitely one of my favorite places in Town Square. Every time I go everything is SO fresh! Really good veggies and salads. They also have a really nice variety of choices, for both food and drinks. And I aboslutely love the kale chips!!! Such a good healthy alternative for french fries or potatoe chips. Also the tortillas they use for their fracos are super yummy, very light and soft.
5	I'm so happy I stumbled across this place today! The food was great, I meant to take a picture but dug in too fast. It's such a unique concept if fresh and healthy foods! I love that feeling of not feeling gross-full but satisfied-full. I can't wait to go back. Another thing, you can tell the chef really cares about the products he serves. I wish this place lots of success!!
2	I would give this place no stars or negative stars if possible. Horrible service, place is filthy, and the wait time is ridiculous! What a joke. For that price you think you were getting gourmet food! I got a stale, wilted salad and a overseasoned, soggy chicken fraco. And their "specialty" drink, is juice with club soda so they can charge an arm and a leg?!!! Never again!
5	I was pleasantly surprised by the food here. It's healthy, but very tasty too. Most health food are yucky but this place is yummy! The taco skin is very thin, I am not sure how they make it, it is very fun to eat. Since the skin is soft and thin, it makes it very easy to chew with the stuff inside. It was not busy when we went, the chef was friendly and came out to chit chat with us. We also love the kale chips, I would definitely go again.
5	I am thrilled that Yelp sent out an email with some healthy places to eat.  The food here is wonderful and the price is not bad at all. I got the pulled pork Fracos and Strawberry Freakin Frocc. Both were very good. The salad that came with the Fracos was amazing!  It also came with Kale chips in which the chef had said it's only cooked in olive oil and sprinkled with salt. The kale chips have so much flavor and they're interesting to eat. It's in the area where the DQ was in Town Square. It's such a small place but I hope it continues to thrive! I will be back soon!
3	You have to try this place at Town Square! Also, ask for a side of baked kale :)
1	THE PLACE IS CLOSED!!!  wild goose chase and a $25 cab ride.  Thanks yelp, for being up to date!
5	I wish I had a place like this where I live! This has been added to the list of "have to eat there" when I visit Vegas. I had the roast turkey fracos and a side salad. Both were fantastic! And the staff were so friendly they brought out some roasted kale (delicious) and a few other things to try while I waited for my food. I will definitely be back!
