2	Don't get me wrong; this restaurant did have decently good Italian food.  My family had the spaghetti and meatballs, chicken parm, and the alfredo.  All of which we enjoyed, but nothing to merit the exorbitant prices of the dishes.  The reason why I am giving it only two stars is because it was so over-priced!  Pretty much around 20 bucks a meal...and they even had the audacity to put on the menu that there is a required minimum of $15 a person even if you split a plate!  Kids meals were 10-12 dollars also!  Just ridiculous...I could see paying this maybe down on the strip, but in Southern Highlands?  And on top of that, they didn't even offer refills on the bread.  There is no way I'd be back with those prices.
1	Can I give 0 stars?I walked in with my family for dinner after having just moved to Vegas and Southern Highlands.  Very small place, I noticed the probably owner an older man greeting and seating, one server nicely dressed and a cook who was *cough* definately not Italian.  The furnishings were ok, the atmosphere passable.Now the fun begins.  We sit down, I crack the menu open and see all the entrees are 19-24 bucks, even a Chicken breast with vegetables.  Ok, you go for fine dining you get what you pay for but the prices did not seem justified based on the location/ambiance and really, we didn't feel like a $100+ meal for the three of us so we politely stood and said we changed our mind."TOO EXPENSIVE FOR YOU HUH???" exclaims the older man.Wow.  I had a feeling based on his statement they get quite a few walkouts.  I just quietly ignored his statement and proceeded to the door."i CUT THE BREAD FOR NOTHING!!!!" he exclaims again.Now I've worked in many restaurants and the one thing I'm not sure I've ever cared about is cutting bread for a table and it not getting used later.  Anyway, terrible experience will never ever go there again and I felt really embarrassed my mother and nephew had to be subjected to such rudeness.
5	I live in California but frequent the Las Vegas area because of family.  I am always on the search for great italian food.  My family received a coupon in the mail for a 1/2 price entree with the purchase of a regular priced entree, so I went online and read the other reviews posted for Nicolos Cucina Italiana. Based on the food reviews we decided to go last night to try it for oursleves.When we arrived we were greeted by Nicolo himself who made us feel very welcome. I asked the owner where he was from because of his accent and he told me Sicily.  He and his wife run this restaurant them selves and Ignazia (Nancy), (Nicolos wife) runs the kitchen and does the cooking herself with the help of an assistant. An italian restaurant should be run by italians.  Thats what makes it authentic.From the moment we were seated we were given a basket of fresh bread which was never left empty and our drink always full.  I ordered the calamari fritte for an appetizer which was outstanding!!!  I then tried the Minestrone soup which was the best I have ever had. I ordered the Chicken Picatta and again, it was the most amazing picatta I have found to this day.When you find authentic italian cuisine and hospitality like this it makes me wish I lived here so I could visit them regularly.  The portions are very generous and you will never leave hungry.  The owners were very friendly, enthusiastic and attentive.  We will continue to visit Nicolos because we know we will never be disappointed.
1	I was planning only to write reviews about places that were great. Too often people are so quick to bad mouth and complain but rarely say nice things about an establishment. I was using the motto "if you have nothing nice to say don't say anything at all." I don't like to hurt businesses especially now a days, but I was so disgusted by this man's behavior I had to say it. (especially after reading Bryan G.'s review and how he and his family was treated). We live in Southern Highlands about a 2 minute walk to the plaza this restaurant is located. We eat out ALOT and we like to stay close to home. We were so excited about this restaurant opening! As soon as it opened my boyfriend went to get a menu to bring to me and he wanted to try out the food early and tell me about it. He figured go in have a glass of wine, order a pizza appetizer and try an entree. Well he asked this gentlemen who we find out later is the owner (the same exact man Bryan G. was talking about and I believe who "Heather L." said was welcoming, she definitely had a different experience , maybe he's changed) anyway he asked if they had pizza, the man said "PIZZA???!! ", made a snobby sound and again said "PIZZA???!!", NO!! I guess the pizza comment offended him and he felt  pizza was beneath his establishment. I am sorry we have been to many fine Italian restaurants that have pizza, therefore I don't understand his behavior. It was rude and unwelcoming. We will not be back, there are so many good restaurants with better service and atmosphere, for 20 some dollars an entree we don't need to be treated like that. We don't mind spending on good food but service has to come close and the reviews of the food were not that exciting.
4	Unlike the rest of the reviews here, I quite enjoyed my experience at Nicolo's!! We walked in on a Tuesday night and were the only people in the place. Obviously, because it was a TUESDAY night. Anyways, Nicolo was there and greeted us. He was very friendly, and told us his history about the food, and how it's his wife cooking in the kitchen! I love family owned restaurants! We had the Minestrone Soup - DELICIOUS!! Tasted like it came straight out of my grandmothers kitchen. Very home made tasting, and so good! My man had the Chicken Parm, and I had Chicken Picata. First, whoever said the portions are too small are freakin' CRAZY. Yes, it wasn't a GIANT plate of food you'd find at Claim Jumper or Cheesecake Factory, but it definitely wasn't small. I do NOT believe that you should have a whole extra meal from your leftovers. I quite enjoyed my meal, and was glad it wasn't the size of my head when it arrived to our table. The flavors of both dishes were spot on. The pasta was cooked perfectly, and the veggies were a nice addition. The fresh bread that came with the meal was really fresh and warm. The whole experience was great. Onto the prices. Hello people of Las Vegas.... Stop being so freakin CHEAP! Who wouldn't pay $19 for a nice plate of homemade chicken parm, soup (or salad) and bread?! It's NOT like the pricing on the strip, it's moderate. For the two of us, with 2 sodas we paid $50 + tip. Yes, it's more than the McDonalds next door, but it's also around the same price as the Tapas next door, and even the breakfast place on the other side.We left full and happy, with a promise to Nicolo to be back. We had a chance to talk to him and his wife and found that they were originally from Silicy (my boyfriend happened to be stationed there for a year), and they were so excited to be able to talk about their home. These people are genuine, and serving great Italian food in the SW!!
4	Just had a great meal, Nicolo was a great host and we had a good meal. The tortellini and ravioli's were very good and don't forget about the dessert!!! The Cannoli is very good!We will continue to go back and support this small place!!
3	we were pleasantly surprised when we attended an  informal dinner at niccolo's. very small, super inexpensive and good food! the place screamed- bring your family! niccolo was a delight. he and his wife are from Sicily and run this little treasure. they stop serving at 9 pm so get there early. we ate fresh eggplant parmigiana as an appetizer that was deliciously fresh then had tortellini, chicken picatta, veal picatta and i had lunguini vongolo. it was all made fresh and quite tasty. niccolo was high energy for his age and we talked italy, sicily, san francisco and las vegas with much laughter. we were family! i can only think of Nora's in the old days when we went there and were family eating and smoking ( not the case any longer) with Nora and Gino. niccolo is a lot older but there was something magical about him. i had to hug him when we left. great for take out, or eat-in without a drain on you wallet.niccolo, don't forget....PASTOSA!
3	Don't want to diss this place too much but it is overpriced.  The food is good and is close to my house so that's why I keep going here.  Go here with my Dad and usually get treated better when with him for whatever reason.Anyway, Nicolo is an entertaining guy but REALLY needs a lunch menu and lower his entree prices by about 25% or else he'll be out of business.Also, for a glass of wine it is expensive.  And I saw the bottle he was pouring (no choices of brands just different types) and it's the same swill you get at Safeway for $5.I hope it sticks around but they need to lower there prices.
3	Well folks,  it looks like I have been proven right.  Nicolo's has gone out of business, it's been out of business for a while.  We tried to go there some time in November and it was closed.  Very sad.  Had to go Molly Malone's, choke choke (smokey).
