4	I don't get to stay in hotels too often, but usually when I do I'm glad I don't travel often because they just seem like empty shells.  I stayed 2 nights at this Inn last weekend.  I'd never felt so comfortable in a bed in my life!  Well, maybe that's an exaggeration but that huge bed was amazing.  Room: organized, nice furniture, classic decor, clean, amazing king-sized bed, good sized fridge.  Mmmmm that bed was so wonderful!  Bathroom: nice accents, cool complimentaries, and well-maintained.  Continental Breakfast: OK.  The juice was good.  The 3 kinds of pastries were okay.  The waffles were not as good as the ones I had in college....yikes.  They were good enough though.  They had these refrigerated egg things and the one that Mom reheated did not sit well with her.  Staff: professional and left us alone.  Mom forgot her toothbrush and they provided her with one.  Noise: I think there was a high school soccer team staying in the hotel at the time and they were kinda noisy, but it was tolerable.  Hallways: yes, I'm reviewing them...they were wide, with lovely accented side tables and lamps, and the prettiest photographs everywhere -- even on the elevator doors.  The hotel's in a great location and we got a good rate -- $77 a night for Friday and Saturday night.  I think Mom booked it off some discount site and once we asked about their military rate, $95 a night, we were glad she'd found it online.  We'll def be staying there again!
3	Clean.   Pretty usual for Hampton Inn.The one thing that annoyed me was that being I was on third shift and coming in at night, the thing that will drive a guy nuts is housekeeping.  Regardless of if you hang the DND door tag, you get someone rapping on the door with a pen or something at like 8 or so.   They won't enter, they'll just rap.   It could be for another room, but it's the most annoying thing ever.
3	Usual Hampton Inn.   Nice thing about this area is that there's  a lot of food choices all around it.  Get out your trusty GPS or Yelp to find them.I'll say the most annoying part is when housekeeping raps on the door around 8-8:30 or so.   Totally annoying especially when you have the DND tag out.  It could be for the door next door, but there's no call for house keeping or anything.  Just a loud rap on the door.  Grrr.
5	I am on the road for work more days out of the year than I am at home. I am a member of nearly every major hotel chain's reward program and consistently stay at hotels ranging from the average 3 star hotel to exclusive beachside resorts. Despite my hotel experience, I must say, the staff at this particular Hampton Inn blew every other hotel's staff out of the water. The front desk employees and lobby hosts were extremely courteous and really wanted to make sure we enjoyed our stay. In fact, they seemed to go out of their way to do things like open doors for guests and help guests carry bags to their cars. I've never had anyone actually clear my table for me while eating a complimentary breakfast in a hotel lobby.Shout out to Janaan, who was an absolute sweetheart. It was such a pleasure to see her smiling face welcome us nearly every time we walked in the front doors.While this Hampton Inn's atmosphere and cleanliness was consistent with every other Hampton Inn I've stayed at, my 5-star rating is based solely on the excellent customer service.
5	Nice and quiet hotel off the main road a lot of people miss if they not paying attention. Very clean and nice staff.
2	We reserved a double but there weren't any doubles available when we arrived. So instead they just put a roll-a-way bed into the room. Drinking water from the faucet was also warm. On the other hand staff were nice. Wouldn't recommend this hotel unless everything else is booked since there are much nicer hotels closer to Charlotte in the same price range.
3	This property is a middle of the road Hampton Inn.  It is an older property that feels a bit tired.  Not that there was anything specifically wrong, it just didn't pop or stand out.   The rooms were on the small side.  Amenities were standard - decent quality and in line with any Hampton site.  The HVAC was older style units with minimal control.  The breakfast was fine, but the hot foods were frozen and to be heated via a microwave.  I stuck with the standard waffles.  It's a safe bet here, but don't expect any wow.
1	I love Hampton hotels more than anything but this was a terrible experience.  Surly staff that was never at the desk. If you called out hello, they told you to wait, usually as they finished texting on their phones. And dont count on housekeeping. They never serviced our room, no new towels no remade beds. Only the post it note on the bed saying it was cleaned for us. Also, the elevators over heated at midnight setting the alarm off and putting the elevators out of service. Thank goodness I was staying on the first floor with my disabled mother. Run away from this property as quickly as possible!
5	I am supper picky about hotels and this is the best one I have stayed at! (that wasnt a big name vegas or disney hotel). Check in and check out took seconds. Great options for breakfast and it was from 6am-10am and they even had to go bags for the person on the run. I stayed for 5 nights and only heard people in the hall and never the rooms next to me. My only problem was the pillows and the front desk staff brought 4 more to my room (at 12am) in hopes I would find one that didn't hurt my neck, and one worked!Even the cleaning staff was nice and chipper, it never felt like they where faking the smiles and hellos. (the hotel even gave the cleaning staff christmas off!) It was very clean, Everything seemed modern and up to date. There was no noise problems. Lots of parking. Nice staff.  And a pool for the summer. I come to charlotte to visit my inlaws and can not stay with them because I am allergic to pets. This will be my hotel choice from now on when I visit!
