3	I have been coming to Urban Beans for some time now and was excited to see their latest incarnation - Tertio the wine bar. I'll admit I was reticent about the change. Not because I have any doubts about the establishment but more because quite selfishly I like having a coffee house to hang out and study in on Saturday nights and I don't want to have to give that up. They still serve coffee in the evening though and were very welcoming to the sit and study set. My friend and I met one day after work to sample the new offerings and overall were pretty pleased. To start, the space is nice with more bar-type seating available. I really like all of the new art with the exception of one piece that to me seems like it should be in a cheesy Italian place, but that is beside the point. We just sampled two small plates but they were truly fabulous. My friend had the roasted beets. I generally do not like beets and usually force myself to eat them simply for the health benefits. These beets however were great. I would order and eat them and smile the whole time. I was shocked. I ordered a roasted stuffed poblano pepper that was perfectly cooked and had just the right amount of stuffing to sauce ratio. The sauce also had just enough kick without being too spicy. My only criticism of the food was portion size. For the price I would have expected 2 peppers instead of one. That being said I'm frugal these days and this place is trying to target a higher-end night life crowd. I spend my Saturday nights studying so clearly, that ain't me.I know a few more changes are in the works here as they polish the new concept but I think once people realize that they are now a wine bar too things will really take off.
5	Love Tertio!  Somewhere between Postino and Cheuvront lies Tertio, the newest wine bar in Phoenix.  The wine and beer menu are pretty stellar and they have a great happy hour (Monday - Friday 4-7pm).  They have 3 beers on tap and they're always local - currently featuring Four Peaks, Lumberyard, and Phoenix Ale Brewery.  Best part?  $3 pints on Fridays!The small plates menu sets Tertio apart from other similar restaurants.  It's not your typical bruschetta and salads kind of plates.  The avocado crunch is a great twist on one of my favorite foods and the hummus is probably the best I've had.Tertio's walls have already seen two different art "exhibits" since they've been open, and they always showcase local artists.  All of the table tops are also painted by local artists which is pretty cool.  Hopefully by the summer I'll have sat at each of them.
3	This place is perfect for those who live or work downtown.  The food and wine selection are very good.
1	We were really looking forward to checking this place out before a concert on a Friday night. We arrived around 530 and it was not to busy so we figured that would help us get in and out fairly quickly. No one greeted us so we were kind of lost as to was it open seating or wait to be seated. After a couple minutes of looking lost we were told we could sit any where. A few minutes later I grabbed a couple menus from the counter to see what they had to offer. The waiter did finally show up did not offer any specials or really explain anything. Using a Living Social voucher we each got a glass of wine and a "melt" the wine was decent enough. The melt was well strange. It really was just a whole bunch of cheese melted on a doughy flat bread with a few pieces of sausage on it. We did order a couple of other food items as well. The other melt had pear and a balsamic reduction on it. This offered a bit more flavor and was decent enough. We were really looking forward to the baked avocados. Its an avocado split in half and filled with onions and corn and a few other non-descript items. The whole thing was rolled in panko and baked. Well it tasted like exactly what it was named: a baked avocado. No other flavor at all. In fact it was almost bizarre having that warm mushy avocado texture and not much else. Needless to say the whole outing left us disappointed. It's one of those places that online it seems great and then you go there and its nothing like what you expected. It's fine if you do not want a busy place or quick service. But I'd skip it and hit a more well known joint like Postinos.
2	I used a Groupon or Living Social to try this place last Saturday.  It is a very small coffee shop by day and wine bar/eatery at night.  There was a private party that night but they were not over the top loud.  The wine was pretty good but the "melt" which was a combination of a pizza and flat bread was very disappointing.  I ordered the sausage melt and received what looked and tasted like little sliced hot dogs on top of cheese, no flavor at all.  They also measure the wine (which is a fairly small pour) with such precision you would think an extra drop would break the bank.  The rest of the menu was not appealing and the place lacked any decor or charm with it's very bright lights and no music.The staff is very friendly and I spoke with the owner who was VERY nice and seems to be trying to work out some of the kinks but until they get a better menu with good food and at least a bit of atmosphere I won't be back.
1	First, the service was terrible; slow and cold. The food was sort of okay. Then I noticed the wine I was drinking was opened by pulling the cork through the foil without removing the metal around the mouth of the bottle. Every time the wine was poured, it flowed through the leaves of metal foil on the way to the glass. This is tacky for a greasy spoon diner...unacceptable for a "wine bar"! I won't be returning.
4	Went to the Newtimes Brews to Benefit and discovered this little gem. Cute little place with a patio and great service. Went back again and checked in for the check in offer. Everything we ordered was great and all the food on display looked delicious!
4	Great place to sit out front and have a beer. Great staff. They were attentive, cool with our friend's four year old playing with the patio pillows and they had great beer on tap.
2	I have been going here since it was Urban Beans... I have to say, I am disappointed. I was a regular at Urban Beans. I loved the food, the service, and the beverages. I noticed the staff changing, and the service changing while the coffee bar underwent many changes, and turned into Tertio. I went to Tertio a week ago, and I have to say that the food quality isn't quite the same, and the service staff? Some are fine, but there are a few that have obviously never done customer service before. That's putting it lightly.I am huge on hospitality. I have served plenty of people, and I can understand when people get overwhelmed. I've been there. But when a service staff member does things like, ignores a customer waiting to pay for her order to take out someone's coffee is complete negligence of service. Especially because the other staffer that was there (it was not busy) was simply asking her where the coffee was to go! No, you take care of what is alive and in front of you (payment would have taken 20-30 seconds tops), and then bring out the beverage someone was waiting for anyway.Seriously. Service is not that hard, people. You would think they'd not want to offer crap service, when an industrious (and usually, quite courteous) Starbucks opened mere steps from their door. Just. Sayin'.
4	A friend invited me here to talk shop and discuss a future collaboration.  From the street this place wasn't easy to find.  It gelt like one of those secret little places that only locals know about.  Once you find the building it's not too difficult to find thankfully. It's a very interesting place, coffee during the day, wine during the night.  I can't say I've been to a place like this before.  The only negative comment I can really say about my visit was the new employee they left alone to tend bar.  He handled it well but you could tell he really didn't know enough to be alone at this point.  At one point a patron asked for a vodka tonic and he had to offer her wine or beer because he had never heard of a vodka tonic before.The beer was beer, not much to say about that.  Keep it cold and don't serve it all foamy and I"m good.  The food was pretty good however.  I had a flatbread with some salmon and enjoyed it thoroughly.
1	This is the same place as urban beans. If you'd like you should just read my review for that place. All I can say about this is the food is mediocre, and the place isn't classy enough to be a wine bar. Go somewhere else for food and for coffee
1	Not a good option considering the wine bars and restaurants downtown these days.  I ordered a Hefeweisen only to be told 10 minutes later they were out of that.  So I ordered an Oak Creek Ale.  Oops.  Out of that too.  3rd try I was in luck.  Then we tried ordering appetizers.  Again, they were out of at least two items on the menu.  When we decided we needed dessert to sweeten the otherwise bland experience ?  Out of three of the deserts on the menu.  Bad!!!!!!  I mean come on!  Really???  And then one of us had ordered a Riesling which didn't come so when we asked for it the server wanted to know if we wanted the white Riesling .  wtf??Bottom line.  Don't go.
