2	Not great.... Bought a living social deal w friends after loving Paint & Party n it was nowhere near as good. The tiny room at the restaurant they cram everyone into is horrible, u have absolutely no space. The music they chose to play wasn't the best (I think I heard about 6 Katy perry songs in the 3hrs, no joke). The lighting SUCKS, people were actually using the flashlight feature on their phones to see their canvas better. I know everyone isn't the master painter, but the instructions were on the same level as 1st grade finger painting. There was no drink specials as the site advertises n the restaurant itself (Coconuts) is never a place I'd return to again. If ur looking for a night out like this go w Paint & Party, they're SOOOO much better. Friendlier, much better instruction, ur own personal space, n it's BYOB so no overpaying for extremely weak drinks.
4	I've never been to something like Wine and Canvas, so I thought it was fun. We had a Groupon so it was worth it for the reduced price.Our painting was Northern Lights, scheduled at Coconuts in Town Square. The room reserved was small, but we got there early enough to pick some good seats, getting there early I find is key, we got a table to ourselves. It was Happy Hour so if we got our own drinks at the bar, there were great specials to be had.The lighting could've been better. The artist instructor, Josh, was knowledgable and was available to help you with anything. The only painting I ever did was paint by numbers, so you don't need to know anything about painting before you go.The music was fine, I hardly noticed it, since I was having so much fun. A group of girls at the table next to us were having a blast as well, so it made it more enjoyable. There was talk of "liking it dry", which led to plenty of jokes.I would do this again, especially with a Groupon or special price.
3	I went for my very first class on February 13th. This was their anniversary class, so it had 100 participants (and free cupcakes!).Overall, it was a fun time. The instructor was lively and entertaining, and let's be honest - a night spent painting and sipping wine with my girlfriends can't be beat. I do have a few small complaints, though. There was only one waitress available to serve our very large painting class, so the service was incredibly slow. It took forever for my friends and I to get our drinks. I also felt that the room was much too crowded - I would have preferred to have more elbow room to work.That being said, I would go again - but perhaps for a smaller class at a different venue.
4	I love to paint and this was even better since we can drink too! First time I took my mother in law and we had a blast!!! Second time I took my mom and she loved it! I will definitely do it again and maybe do a private party with a bunch of girls. It is a lot of fun!
4	I've been back since my initial review and I will confirm that venue and class size do make a difference. My second experience at Black Mountain Grill was a lot better than my first experience at Kahunaville.
5	I recently visited Wine and Canvas in Las Vegas and must say this place is Awesome!! The service was great and the staff was on point! I love to paint and love to drink wine! Great idea and I will be back on my next trip! Cheers to Wine and Canvas for making my trip a memorable one!!
5	I have used one of these in the past and I can tell you that Wine and the Canvas was the bomb!  I went to someone else and they did not even have wine.  This was a major dispointment being that I need wine to paint.  Luckly, Wine and Canvas had a nicely stocked bar.  My painting sucked but, I can always hang it in the bathroom or my man cave garage.  Thanks a bunch and you are awesome!
3	This was my 7th Wine & Canvas class but my first at their new studio. At the various other locations that they've held the class my reviews would basically say the same thing, the class is great and depending on the location, space and lighting can be  an issue. But those are in the past. My first thought is that this is waaay out here. I would have thought that they'd get a space more central in town or at least not the furthest location south. But I wanted to check the new place out and thought well if I don't like it I can still go to the other classes they have through out town. I got there about twenty minutes early because if I've learned anything you need to get there early because the space might be small, the lighting might suck in spots and you dont want to end up with your back to the instructor. While I was waiting for Traci T and her friend I couldn't help but to think how loud it was! Ouch! The acoustics in this place is awful. The bass on one song was so bad my eyes watered at one point. And everyone was talking louder to talk over the music. Once the girl started the introduction she didn't even realize that people were talking over her and not to mention her talking in the microphone was ear screeching. We could have heard her without the microphone. Finally she stopped talking! Also being their home studio you'd think the lighting would be better but many of the lights on the track lighting were not even there. Once Ed got the class going the sound was better, he didn't shout in the microphone. We've had Ed before as an instructor and he's great! Most of the instructors are but we did have one or two that were not good. We painted Purple Moon. An nice and easy painting that didn't take nearly the whole three hours allotted. Ed was helpful and his teaching pace is smooth.  The drinks are reasonably priced. House Wine was $5, Other Wines were $7, House Beer was $3(which was Coors), Other Beers were $5(They had the Pumpkin Blue Moon). They also had some snacks but $6 for cheese and crackers seems a little steep. Bring your own, plus I didn't notice a health department sign so who knows who's preparing that. No gloves and uncooked foods together freak me out!! I didn't use the restroom but like Traci T pointed out, one bathroom for a room with a maximum occupancy of 127?  When I got home I was looking a little more at their calendar and realized that they have in fact reduced the amount of classes offered at other locations around town. Which means I won't be taking the classes unless they offer a painting I like and at a location closer to my house. I've had off and on good service with Wine & Canvas. So I'm giving three stars because this review is based mostly on this class and their studio. Overall though for all the paintings, instructors, locations and other interactions with their staff I'd give four stars. I'm sure Henderson population will keep them going but with so many other competitors in town I won't be back to their studio but I look forward to a good painting closer to home.
5	I absolutely love this place!! My friends and I have been here over 15 times and each time has been so much fun.  Each of my paintings came out awesome and I always look forward to going back! There are often specials and discounts running. I found the staff to be great! The artists are talented and very patient.. and the assistants arefriendly and accommodating. The artists are great at explaining everything even techniques that can be complicated for us beginners like blending.  They make sure that everyone is comfortable with what they are doing and take you through step by step but also always encourage individuality and creativity. A number of the classes I have been to were at other venues before they got their studio... its a toss up, the nice thing about classes at various locations is that it can be closer to my house or my office and there can be more "meal" food options, (though I often I get so focused on painting that I don't eat at all).  However I really like the space and lighting in the studio. I would maybe recommend somewhere down the line that they get some stools that have backs... my posture is terrible, and the no backs can be rough after awhile. At the studio there is a  variety of beer and wine offered. All of which are very reasonably priced.  At the studio, the bartender came around more often than our servers at some of the venues which was lovely :). I highly recommend this for a night out or private party! Good times and great people!!!!
2	I have been to several wine and canvas events in various locations around the valley. Some better than others but I enjoyed them all, obviously, I keep coming back. The classes vary based on venue, instructor, crowd etc. Some locations put us in a room that is too cramped, sometimes patrons have to walk through a smoke filled bar to get to the "classroom" and sometimes the business hosting the class simply isn't ready for the increased demand on servers and bar staff. ALL of the snafus I've experienced can't hold a candle to the poor set-up at the actual Wine and Canvas Studio. I can understand that lots of bars and restaurants aren't designing their business model around hosting painting classes. There is going to be an occasional hiccup. I don't understand why a studio with the SOLE PURPOSE of hosting wine and canvas classes falls so short in it's offerings to patrons. The maximum occupancy of this place is 127 and they offer one restroom. I don't mean one restroom per gender but one restroom period. I don't know the exact count but I estimate 60+ people the night I was there. The majority were overwhelmingly female, many were drinking and they have one toilet. I was drinking. I had a designated driver and I needed to use the restroom without missing a portion of the class. At one point the line was 3 people deep and the instructor was still teaching. Intermission please.Next stop, the service or lack thereof. There is a corner "bar" which consists of a counter top, cash register and beverage cooler. Participants have to stand in line and order drinks. There is no waitstaff. Between standing in line for the restroom and going to the "bar" to purchase my own drinks, I'm not sure when I had the time to finish my painting. While the drink prices were relatively reasonable, the selection was slim and the few beers they did offer ran out before the class was over. Two thirds of the way through class I went to get a round for Jessica C., myself and our +1 only to be told that they still had the pumpkin blue moon but were out of regular. I will probably attend another wine and canvas class in the future. I'll go to a cool little tavern, a cheesy dive bar or a hip new restaurant. I will not, however, be going back to the studio. IMO the studio is a fail. For the same price I can go to a venue with a full service restaurant/bar menu, enjoy being waited on while I paint and not have to time my bathroom trips around everyone else.
2	My girlfriend and I went to the Sugar Skull class on 12/6/13.Pros:  The instructor, Ed, was good. The facility was nice. Cons:  1) The location is pretty obscure and the signage at night was non-existent.  The other businesses in the lot had neon signage.2) We were packed in like sardines. I seriously couldn't move!  And, there was an obnoxious group of foul mouthed gals right on top of us that made matters worse.  One gal even mentioned she wasn't there to paint, but to get drunk!  Seriously?!  I'm a young gal there to have fun AND paint; an amazing feat in an environment like this. I literally was so close to my painting that I couldn't take a photo of my art, as I was unable to move back - too many people!  No leg room, hardly any arm room. My poor preggers buddy was so uncomfortable. I totally understand this was a popular class, but dang!  3) The class did not start on time. The class was scheduled from 7-10 PM. We started painting around 7:30 PM and I didn't leave till about 10:45 PM.  I'm pretty sure it started late because they were too busy trying to find spots for all the people they crammed in there.4) No drink server. No one wants to get up while they're painting and go to the bar. We had a  little break, but I didn't want to move around to go to the bathroom let alone go to the bar.  Also, why no snack options?  I was there for nearly 4 hours and hungry. If I ever come back, I'll be sure to pack a lunch or eat a large meal beforehand.
5	I love very time I do wine & canvas with them! The artist who paint are so friendly and the people who walk around make sure you have enough paint! Wonderful music to song along too! I just did my birthday with a group of my friends! They absolutely loved it!
5	Best painting class in town! It's a great night out!
5	I love this place! Rebecca Maloney the teacher is an amazing artist and so positive! It is such fun! What a great idea and a great way for friends to spend an evening.
3	Went to the "Cookies and Canvas" event for parents and kids. Only one complaint ---no cookies! How can you call it Cookies and Canvas and then give out prepackaged rice krispy treats? Weird.
5	I have been wanting to do this for a long time and my good friend Janette purchased us tickets as my birthday gift surprise.Our session was at the Martini which was a very nice set up and it was during happy hour so we really took advantage of some delicious drinks. The Martini makes an incredible pink cosmopolitan by the way.The staff for this event is Amazing and they provide everything you could ever need to paint your very own Masterpiece! I am not a natural painting artist however with their walk through and help I was able to create a very nice canvas to proudly hang on my wall.We had a blast, laughing and painting away and I would truly love to experience this again.The pictures I have posted to share tell everything as to how much fun this experience was!
5	I'm that girl who draws a stick figure and thinks, "That'll do!" So, when my co-worker suggested that I should go with her to paint my first thought was, "Pshh..yeah right!" Of course, I ended up giving in and bought a ticket. We went on 2.15.14 for the hearts picture.The space is pretty large, but it gets packed. You are literally all jammed in the room and you feel awfully close to your neighbor. It actually was not that bad being so close together though. I would recommend getting there early to stake out a good spot. You save your spot by getting a canvas and setting it down. If you go with a group, make sure you just get their canvases too, so ya'll can sit together!The instructor was really helpful. The picture background needed a lot of blending and looked complicated. They are really good at breaking down each step so you don't get confused. She also takes the time to walk around and give different people some tips, which was nice. By the end of the session, I was amazed that my picture did not look like a 5 year old painted it. If you're looking for something different to do in Vegas, I would definitely recommend this place!Make your reservations early though, because some paintings are really popular. The location is actually difficult to find. Just turn where you see a bunch of green neon lights, you'll see it once you turn into the complex.
5	Why not as discriminating as some of the art schools I have applied to, I prefer this academy because it was the only one that accepted me.Also the paint is delicious.
5	I was really nervous... I have 0 artistic talent... But it was super fun! Dom was very patient and helpful.  Lisa was also helpful... They both worked really hard to make sure everyone had a great time!  It was a great time with friends and I even like the finished product.
5	Best of the best!! I always have a great time at wine and canvas. The artists are great and the owner is always so friendly and interactive with her guests ;)
3	I love Wine and Canvas and have done many of their paintings, but gave them a lower rating because of their studio.  I really expected it to be high class, but what we got was a large room with a bunch of tables.  The stools to sit on are very uncomfortable, the beer selection isn't great and the beer was not cold.  The wine was served in small plastic cups (for $7) and there really isn't any food to speak of, not that I expect food to be offered, but it would be nice.  I really enjoyed the painting and fun I had, but the instructor really needed someone to help him.  People needed more paint/napkins and he was the only one there.  In the past, there was always at least one other person to help out the instructor.  It seems like the quality has went down from the last time I went to one of these, which was months ago. I live in the northwest area, so driving down to Henderson for this is a special occasion type of thing.  It was a lot more fun when it was held in different locations throughout the city, allowing people from all areas of the city to partake in the fun that is Wine and Canvas without having to go all the way to Henderson for a semi-decent location.  I will definitely go again, just not to the studio.
5	Everytime I go & I've been 4 times I have had a blast. Every artist is talented & has a unique way of teaching but it always comes together and they help you create some amazing pieces. No matter what your art skill level is, if you can hold a pencil, you can hold a paint brush &  you can create something great during those classes & the bar selection has great prices.  Love this organization! & I really enjoy the music selections they play.
5	My friends and I had so much fun painting at Wine and Canvas! We painted Starry Night Over Vegas (7/29) and i had the most amazing time! Dominic was such a great instructor and the staff was so sweet. My painting is already hanging in my office and everyone asks me about it! Thank you so much to the artist for helping me create my masterpiece!
5	This was my first wine and pain experience and I enjoyed it so much! At first, I was hesitant at even attempting to do the class, because I can barely draw circles. In the end, my friend convinced me and we had gone for the date night session. I thought this was really cute, because you and your date each pain half of the picture. I really enjoyed the happy hour $20 bottles of wine and definitely took advantage of that. They actually had a somewhat decent beer selection as well. Dominic was such a fun and awesome host. When the class started, he made the atmosphere really fun and enjoyable. He was really funny and made the painting class very enjoyable. When he was giving directions in what to do for each step, he was very clear and gave such easy directions that a 10 year old could even take the class. I have never painted in my life, and my first "masterpiece" actually came out alright. At the end of the class, Dominic takes pictures of you and your paintings along the wall and will keep taking them for you until you like the picture!! Definiely coming to this location again
