1	I don't understand how this place is still in business. I recently got a online membership here without visiting the gym first, big mistake on my part. Im disgusting to even enter the sauna, how this place is still open to the public is unknown to me. I will be canceling my membership effective tomorrow. I will pay a few more dollars at LA Fitness but well worth the extra bucks...
1	I've gotta agree with Jesse on the only other review.  HOW IS THIS GYM STILL IN BUSINESS?The manager is your classic gym jackass that makes people who work at gyms look bad.  Pushy, dishonest gym membership sales.  I've seen a personal trainer and the manager ogle girls, rarely see them doing any work.A few of the front desk staff were cool.  Just very underpaid and obviously passing through.The men's locker room is disgusting.  No joke, more than half the equipment is broken or has something wrong with it.I do believe about 80% of the problem is with the manager.  A quick renovation and new management could do wonders for this spot.Why did I keep going?  Convenience and locked into a 1 year employee benefit type membership.  I visited the gym about 40 times over 5 months while I was recovering from injury and at least it has a pool, 2 large jacuzzis (jet therapy), steam room, and free weights...when they are operable.  I can't tell you how many times I've seen customers waiting out front with no one out at the front desk.One Sunday morning no one on staff bothered to show up to open the gym.  I eventually just left after 45 minutes, who knows when they finally showed up.  I saw about 40 members either waiting or came and left.Worst. Gym (Management). Ever.
4	This is my home gym! Been a member since 2007! The only good thing about this gym is that its across the street from my home! Also I know pretty much everyone there! Makes me feel famous hahah jk jk! Its a great gym! As long im staying big and getting bigger...im a happy fella! haha :)
1	I'm not sure how they stay in business, but don't even t bother with this club.  Equipment always broken here and they don't even bother to put signs up.  They did however bother to put up a sign on the Stair climber (one of two) that was broke for 6 months. Their excuse, they were waiting for parts.  I don't think it takes 6 months for parts to come in, they might of been better off buying a new machine. When do I tell the manager at the front desk about other broken equipment they give me the run around.   Small weight area.  Don't except to stir up a conversation in English with weight lifters. No track.
1	A friend of mine was just talked into joining this gym last week. 18 year old who hadn't experienced the classic "gym" sales crap.AFTER they accpeted his membership fee and first and last.. THIS GYM IS SHUTTING DOWN in TWO WEEKS!! What a joke! So everyone was correct in their previous posts that this place should shut down but they shouldn't have accepted any memberships knowing they were closing in two weeks.
1	The gym will be closed in June 2011.  Their reason --  "Lease is up"
