2	I was running late this morning and the hunger pains were kicking in on my way to work when I made a quick decision to drop-by Starbucks.  This particular one has a drive-thru, which is awesome, except everyone else thinks so too!  The line of cars was too long for my impatiences, so I decided to park and make a quick run inside.  Let me reiterate my need for quickness, as in swoop inside, place my order, get my coffee and split like an overripe banana. Of course when your in a hurry, no one else is.  So was my fate today at Starbucks.I've always had terrific and timely service at this Starbucks' drive-thru.  The person taking my order is always chipper and pleasant, and when I pull around to pick up my beloved cafe mocha, I'm always greeted with a smile and a lovely "have a nice day." Not so when I entered the sanctimonious inner-chamber of Starbucks! No one to welcome me at the counter; baristas working here and there completely ignoring me; and me standing there trying to grab their attention with my awkward and annoyed demeanor.  Finally, a barista  glanced over and said something that was barely audible.  A minute later, he finally noticed me and said curtly, "Wadda ya having?"  "Uh... a tall cafe mocha and, and, um, do you have blueberry muffins?" "Aren't there any over there?" he pounced. I responded timidly, "Oh, I guess so, I didn't look." He grabs a muffin and my drink and sets it on the counter.  Another barista, a surly old dude from the East Coast, pops by and says, "Wadda get?" I told him, gave him my credit card, he processes it, hands it back and moves on to the next person.  No "thank you," or "have a nice day." Nothing.  I was kind of stunned and walked out with a little huff and puff... and I wish I could blow his house down!So the lesson of this little story? Avoid the inside of this Starbucks at all cost, especially in the morning. Obviously the real gems work the drive-thru. I guess Starbucks 3hr shut down last week didn't cover customer service skills.
3	I just had to up this Starbucks one more star because the surly dude who works there isn't half as bad as I previously described him.  He is just who he is... a little curt, but also kind of funny in a Joe Pesci-kind-of-way. And, I am thrilled to say that I L-O-V-E their seasonal Carmel Apple Spice drink! It is delicious! But, in all honesty, I still can't give any Starbucks more than three stars. Yes, I go there for an occasional mocha or seasonal drink, but they are soooo overpriced, and their coffee is just not that great. The hype of Starbucks bothers me, but I'm a sucker for branding, so I guess I'm a hypocrite. Oh well.
4	Being a Washington State girl, I am obligated to love Starbucks. And I do for the most part. I think I love the IDEA of Starbucks more than the actual coffee. I love their story and the history of the company. I love the green straws. It is branding at its finest and since I am in Marketing...blah, blah, blah. I am missing locally owned and operated corner coffee stands. I cannot believe these are not popular here in Phoenix. The drinks are usually much better, cheaper, and most offer punch cards to earn a free drink. Anyhow, this Starbucks is kitty-corner from my office...sweet! The staff is friendly and funny-ish. I'm sure I will know all of their names in no time at all.
5	This is my neighborhood Starbucks|This is where ishhh gets done|Coffee|Netbook|StockMarket|Applying to Gradschool|Barista of the Store goes to BEN. Ben is a burly man full of smiles and very productive in his craft. Seems like an honest hard worker. Knows my drink, so I don't have say it...which isn't that confusing.  I have met a few other 'istas...they seem nice and genuine. As in anyplace, you go long enough and your relationship with the establishment grows to a deeper relaxation and realization.Still miss my most favorite cafe on the west coast...Albina Press in PORTLAND, OR. I'll be seeing you soon friend once the rain gets done. This places makes LUX look like the little red headed step child....with no soul.R\_ Note: If you like sitting outside, like most the people that come to this location....you will have to insert you alpha male ego to boost a table. May the best coffee drinking, liberal minded, pacifist win!    that would be a joke to watch...
3	I really am never one to complain, as I was a Starbucks barista for 2 years and I still work in the food and beverage industry. I understand that mistakes happen and the ins an outs of being a busy Starbucks barista are all too familiar to me. However, that being said, I drive through this location every morning at 6:30 am and order my drink. An iced quad venti nonfat extra ice stirred caramel macchiato. 2 of them actually. I moved to 7th avenue in January and was quite impressed. They always got it right and they definitely know how to keep the drive thru moving at busy times. But in the past 2 months my drink is almost never right. I have sent it back and asked for a little more syrup or caramel as it is usually too bitter, and still, it comes out too bitter the next morning and the next morning. I love my drinks and I love this company. Everyone is always friendly and prompt but I really just felt the need to express this, as $12.02 is my daily coffee budget and is my treat to myself daily. So I had to speak up.
1	Meh. It's Starbucks. The coffee sucks, the drinks are way overpriced for what they are, and all the money goes to a corporation.Go down the street and buy coffee from Copperstar and at the same time support the community you live in.
5	Fast efficient - great Starbucks. Drive though too busy.  people Get out of your cars and sit down and relax with some coffee!!!
4	Friendly staff and quick service.
5	I love this Starbucks!  the Staff is super nice when i walk in they greet you, and they seem up-beat and really chummy ^^ but I deff- will continue to come back and enjoy the atmosphere :)
4	Friendly staff and super fast drive thru!
3	I usually go through the drive-thru on my way to work; not sure why, as it's always extremely slow.  Nice folks work here, however, and it's convenient.SO expensive!  Seriously--60 cents for soy milk instead of dairy?  I really should stop.
4	this is a bright spot in a dismal area of Phoenix. The staff was nice and service is good. WiFi is free and it provided for a decent place to work for a bit.
4	This Starbucks Coffee near 44th Street and Thomas is one I go to occasionally. The thing about Starbucks is if you go to one, you've been to pretty much all of them. I used to be a former partner too, so I know the deal.
2	I popped by this Starbucks because I wanted a scone. I appreciated that the calorie count was posted. Since I last had a Starbucks scone, they've changed the shape of their scones and the barista warmed it up without asking me. I don't like warm scones. I like their old scones better - at room temperature.
5	This is my go to Starbucks. All of the staff are great ! Especially Matt who is always so friendly and such a pleasure to see. He's one of those people who brighten up your day. The lines are very long in the morning but other than that everything else is great. They also ever rarely mess up my order which happens most of the time at other Starbucks I go to.
5	Super friendly staff, and the drive thru is very  speedy ! They are always stocked with plenty of muffins and sandwiches !
1	Slowest. Starbucks. Ever. Consistently. Very frustrating location. Better to head down the road to the next Starbucks, or, better yet, support local businesses!
5	Really good staff here. They treat their regular customers as friends, as is the Starbucks way. If the indoor decor is ever updated, that will be a plus.
4	My coffee is always good here. The service is great and I enjoy taking the extra long drive just to make it to this location.
5	Awesome Barista's! Fast and friendly service! Graet Lattes
