3	Let me start this review by saying that I am a die hard Montreal Canadiens fan.  I was born and partially raised in Montreal, the greatest city in the world.Winnie's is a place where I always go when I am visiting my birth city.  The space is large, which is perfect for the raving Habs fans who couldn't get tickets to the game.  Despite the space it feels cozy and warm.I can't say I have gone through their menu extensively.  I stick to the Winnie burger and a few pints of Alexander Keiths.Service is always excellent.  If you happen to be in Montreal stop in on a night when the habs are playing and join in the fun!
5	I had a great time at this place.The bartenders were awesome.  I was there for quite a while and had 2 different tenders.  Both were really cool, they knew how to keep yoyr drinks filled and were great conversationalists.The happy hour was really good.  2 for 1 bottles and $2 off tap.  The food was amazing.  We got a cheese plate to start, it was huge.  It actually took us a few hours and many drinks to really want dinner.  I had the steak sandwich.  It was spectacular!  A large piece of steak with brie, lettice and tomato.If you get into this area go!  It was a great spot.  It is the cozier upstairs of Winston Churchhill bar.
4	Good restaurant.  Excellent wait staff.  Great selection of microbrews and the fish and chips is fantastic.I really liked the relaxed vibe here.  It felt like you were hanging out in a well stocked living room watching the hockey game.  It is very easy to make friends with the table next to you here.
5	Nice fun tradational bar with great service and plentiful space.  There are three bars and a big area to sit and have a meal.  Plenty of TV's to watch the game. About 7+ beers on tap and the prices are really good. Great place to hang out and I will be back next time I am in Montreal.
2	The service was great especially for it being so packed. I was told they had the best happy hour, but was less than impressed. I also got the poutine, which was okay...not the best but not terrible. I didn't stay for long, but it seemed like a fun place to go with a bunch of people for expensive drinks.
